THE RULE
I was in highschool when they came out with the new law. Mis Rinered my art teacher had just finished teaching us about shading when a kid ran in and shot her in the face. No one moved or breathed for several seconds just stared. I remembered the look on the kids face there was a mixture of fear and triumph on his face before he turned to the rest of us. 
“Someone call 911!” A girl from the back of the class called and I could see everyone pulling out their phones. THe kid who had shot her hadn’t moved though he just waited and I remember all I could think was run kid why are you just standing there. But he waited standing in front of us with blood still on his shirt and the gun hanging from his right hand. The police came quickly I watched them walk in and take the gun from the boy’s limp fingers but they didn’t arrest him. Paramedics came in and took the body away then the police stood at the front of the room and told us all about the new law. 
When I went home later that day my mom was curled up in a ball on the couch tears streaming down her face as she watched the news. I sat down next to her and watched the world fall apart for a few hours. My father came home just before dinner and locked the door shutting the blinds. That was the first time I felt truly afraid in my little town the next day my dad handed me a gun before I went to school just in case. It went on like that for days and every day we saw the list of those who had been killed rise. 
I was resolved never to use my one life and tried to be as nice as I could to everyone I met. As I got older the novelty of the rule seemed to wear off some. I moved out of my small town to find the job I wanted. Every now and again someone would walk into work and kill another co worker, but somehow that had become normal. It made me sad to think that all the death and killings had become normal. I soon found myself less and less inclined to go outside. Then for a while things seemed to mellow out the killings became less and less. I ended out going on a date my life seemed to improve until one day someone from my past reappeared. 
Some guy I didn’t remember from my highschool showed up in town said he wanted to catch up with me. I didn’t mind and we talked and hung out that was until I told him that I had found someone. He didn’t seem to like that and he slowly got quieter and quieter the longer we talked. When I told him that I had gotten married he got up from the table and stormed out of the restaurant. I went home deciding not to think anything more of it. I shouldn’t have.
The next day while I was at work he went and killed my love. I didn’t know this until I came home and found them on the floor in a pool of their own blood. Tears streamed down my face as I tried to see if they were still alive but no luck. I grabbed my cell phone and saw a text from my friend it said. “I held out for you and even you failed me.” I called the police and they told me there was nothing they could do. The man who had done this they said had just used his one life. 
They left taking away my beloved my life in a body bag. I sat in the kitchen next to the pool of blood staring at it unable to move. I was out of tears out of hope for this world, there was one thing left for me to do. Picking myself up off the floor I walked into our bedroom glancing at the pictures on the wall as I walked. Entering my room I walked over to the nightstand and picked up the gun my father had given me a long time ago just in case. I checked the clip and seeing it was loaded I left my apartment.
 I drove in a daze to the address that the guy had given me when he first go into town. Parking outside of the hotel I walked past the doorman and the people in the lobby. All of them were staring at me with shocked and horrified looks on their faces. Of course I hadn’t changed my cloths so there was still blood on my pants and a little on my shirt. The gun I had placed in the waistband of my pants. I made my way to the elevator and up to the floor the guy was on. When I reached his door I banged on it with one fist. There was no answer but I could hear scrambling behind the door. So without hesitation I kicked it open. 
I had expected a fight but what I got instead was a frightened man on his knees begging for his life. I pointed the gun at his head tears ran down his face and I watched his eyes widen as he realized that this was the end. Then I pulled the trigger, I watched the light fade from his eyes as his body slumped to the floor. I pulled out my phone and dialed 911 once the call was finished I sat on the bed staring at the gun hanging in my hands between my legs. The cops came in and did their thing. As I walked out of the hotel I felt something in me give and my legs went out from under me. I found myself on my side staring at the sidewalk as the world went dark around me. 
