"But Merlin. This ain't Harry Potter! I can't just jump back in time," Roland moaned as he followed Merlin who was gathering things.

"Of course you can't jump back in time. Time travel is not allowed magic. If you did that, you'd be executed on the spot. On the spot, I tell you," the old man said, finally taking his wizard hard as a last item.

"Come on, Merlin. I can't do that. This is impossible," Roland moaned one last time.

"Figure it out," Merlin said as he took his staff and made quick circles with it. "I chose you for a reason," he added, taking one last more in-depth look at Roland. With a sharp smile and staff hitting the ground, he shrank into nothingness.

"Dammit," Roland frowned, opening the list again. It wasn't a long list. It had 3 things on it. But the problem wasn't the amount, but what they were.

"Get a unicorn's horn without killing the unicorn just before unicorn turns into a horse. That's something that happens like once a century," Roland frowned, walking circles and finally landing on the nearby chair.

"Grow the same banana 10 times and get its final content into a container. Don't eat the banana as you last time did. Winky face," Roland read out the second thing once more. He did remember the last time he ate the ten-times peeled banana. It took some time before Merlin decided to revert him back from the monkey. Humans are lucky that they can peel banana only once.

"Go get my grandmother's cookies that she's hiding behind her pillow," Roland said out loud the final thing. Perhaps that was the scariest task of them all, yet easiest. Then again, one does not simply visit Merlin's grandmother and steal her cookies.

&nbsp;

Roland had to gather her courage for a while until he finally gave a long hard knock on the door.

"Yes, yes," a higher pitched voice answered. As Freda opened the door, she said, "Oh. You're my grandson's apprentice, aren't you? What can I do for you?" There she was. The old woman who was the last strongest wizard ever to be known. Known fact; she's addicted to cookies.

"Hey, Merlin sent me to get your coo-"

Before Roland could even finish, the door slammed closed. "Tell Merlin to come himself after the cookies if he really wants them.

Another known fact; Merlin is addicted to his grandmother's cookies. This ain't my first rodeo.

With a long sigh, Roland took out his wand and wrote some text into the air, just for it to consume him and turn him into a fly.

"Alright," Roland muttered, which was more like a weird higher-pitched fly sound, and flew through a keyhole. Perhaps that was the only thing that made the mission possible; Freda was old. While she was scary and powerful, her senses weren't the same.

"You're here, aren't you?" a voice came from the upstairs. "I know that Merlin told you to get my cookies. I learned from the last time."

With a slight frown, Roland flew into her bedroom, just to discover her sitting on her pillow.

Of course, Roland turned back into himself and just stared at Freda. "You can make new cookies, while Merlin can't," Roland said

"I'm fucking old," Freda said. "I can't make those cookies as fast as I could long time ago."

"I can get you some pixie dust for the next batch?" Roland suggested.

"Are you kidding me? Before I retired, I got 3 lifetimes worth of pixie dust."

"Oh come on, Freda. Give me a break. What do you want in return?" Roland finally asked, moaning.

Freda thought for a moment. "Do me a card trick," she said.

"Really?" Roland said.

Not that long after that request, I left Freda's house with a bottle of cookies. "1 out of 3 done!"

Of course, that alone took me 3 hours. The other two tasks were the real problems.