"I'm sorry could you run that by me again?"

The voice from the other end had that canny but satisfying retro feeling to it that my asking again was half because some person introduced herself as an intergalactic law enforcement operative who called me up and confirmed what I'd been questioning for weeks now, and half because I just had the strangest urge to pin that voice and whoever was behind it against the wall and run my tongue against her collarbone.

"I am Eid'ee, interspecies security operative representing the Milky Way district of the United Galaxies Sentients Safety and Security Department, and I am here to offer you help with your unfortunate abduction."

Yeah, it was the exact same thing she said earlier and it didn't make any more sense than it did before, but I sure as hell still had the hots for that voice. 

What did I have to lose anyway with playing along?

"This is all so sudden," I said over the phone. I was feeling sheepish for actually going with this, but hell, if I could exact justice for whaever weird shit I got roped into then it'd be awesome, and at least I get to listen to this sizzling habanera. "Can I know what are my options?"

"Thank you for expressing your interest sir..."

"Hugh," I supplied. "Please call me Hugh."

"Thank you sir Hugh, I'll be coming by shortly if it's not too much trouble. It would be easier to discuss these delicate matters in person."

Okay, that just sent some red flags going off in my head. But she sounded so hot I couldn't even bother to think otherwise. Was this one of her alien powers or something? And since when did I actually start considering the alien part was true anyway?

I cleared my throat. "Uhh, sure, maybe some cafe somewhere?"

"You just need to clear some space in your living room sir Hugh."

Well shit, was she a stalker or something? "I'm sorry what?"

Then a mass of blue sparkles just appeared over the faux bear rug I never got around to getting rid of, and from the silhouette of light came a figure like I'd never seen before.

It was a giant of a hulking mass of muscled man, maybe a ton or more, all that raw musculine power held against a tight fitting suit of silver and machismo. 

"Good morning sir Hugh," came the too hot voice from the horribly dissonant body. "It's nice to meet you."

The neighbors probably thought a girl scout got showered in cockroaches from the scream I'd let out that day.