Frank was alright, don't get me wrong.  He punched in on time, he didn't leave a mess in the breakroom, he didn't bother you at the watercooler talking about last night's big game, and he even brought in tasty seafood for the whole office to share, regarded you had a way to crack open a few oysters.  But the unshakeable, infallible fact was Frank was decieving us, or at least trying to, and that just really went against company spirit.  Momma always said I was a stickler for the rules, and I took pride in that.  The company motto was "opportunity, diversity, and an honest day's work", and that exactly what irked me so much about Frank.  If only he realized that he didn't *need* to decieve us so, we weren't prejudiced, it was against company policy!  Or so I liked to think.  To be honest, while I was sure our company was perfectly willing to hire people of any background regarding they were qualifed for the job, I couldn't shake the feeling that Frank wasn't really a person.  I mean, what exactly DO you call a group of otters in a trenhcoat?  A herd?  A gaggle?  A pack?  And why the trenchcoat?  It was terribly unfashionable.  I mean honestly, wearing a trenchcoat at work in the year of our lord 2018, it had to be some sick kind of joke.  At least he didn't pair it with a fedora.  

No.  Something had to be done, for the sake of the company.  It was time to have a talk with Frank.  Sit him down, let him know the deal, and maybe coax him into being honest with the rest of the office about his background.  Oppurtunity and diversity were a part of the company motto, and surely, that had to include even non human species as well, right?  I mean, it was 2018 after all, and this was a modern office, with progressive values!  Surely there was room for good people like Frank too.  Or packs.  Or...whatever it is you called a group of Otters in a trenchcoat.  

I put in a call to Frank's secretary, had him tell Frank to meet me after work at the usual place.  Thanks to my boss's frequent business trips to Japan, he'd adopted something of the Japanese salaryman culture, the "nomikomi" as the call it.  Splendid tradition in my book, it was like afterschool, but for work, and instead of getting paid you had to buy your own booze.  Wonderful bastards, those Japanese.  Brought a tear to your eye just thinking about how much they must value work and a healthy office ecosystem.  Anyway, the boss had the whole office go to his favorite bar to hang out with him after work about once a week, unpaired of course, which was far too little in my book but alas, I wasn't in charge, and who am I to question the genius of our company's esteemed CEO?  

I rubbed my hands together as I waited outside the bar.  I could wait inside, but I wanted to hold the door open for Frank so I had to be ready for him when he came.  I'd seen him try to open doors on his own before and it was never pretty.  How he managed I had no idea.  A man next to me sparked his lighter and started inhaling from a cancer stick.  Year of our lord 2018 and tobacco was still lead, Jesus Mary and Joseph.  And there was talk of even making the reefer legal to.  What was the world coming too?

I saw Frank gamboling up to the bar from a block away.  He had a peculiar gait that can only be described as a cat trapped in a bag with a ball of yarn.  Sort of a ceaseless, closed infinite loop of squirming that inched it's way down the pavement.  As per usual, the good people of New York made way for the trench coated, bulging figure in a polite, orderly and understanding manner.  Really, I only saw a few pushes, shoves and the cussing seemed to be milder than usual.  

I politely held the door open for Frank as he squeaked a greeting at me with a chorus of about 6 squeals.  Good ol Frank, always the gentleman.  Never understood a word he said though, I assumed his accent was still a bit thick from immigrating from what I presumed had to be the Hudson River, so I just smiled and nodded along to whatever he seemed to be saying and it worked just fine.

I ordered a Shirley Temple, virgin, same as I always do.  I didn't particularly care for alcohol, I thought it distracted you too much from thinking about work and about Jesus.  The bartender took one look at Frank, and without blinking, started preparing some oyster shooters, 6 in total.  This was a regular spot for our company after all, and the bartender had warmed up to Frank.  First couple times he'd called the police, and animal control and even the Central Park Zoo for some reason but our esteemed company president explained the whole thing and smoothed it all over.  Now the only negative attention Frank seemed to get from the guy was a resigned sigh.  

"Now listen here Frank, you're a real swell guy and I'm blessed to work with you and I think you're a really important asset to this company, but I think it's time you came clean about the fact that your not from Rhode Island at all, your just a bunch of otters dressed up in a trenchcoat"  I told him sternly.  I was afraid I'd been a bit too harsh so I added an apologetic "If you don't mind" as an addendum.  

Frank looked at me quizzicaly from the top, middle, and sleeves of his trench coat, as he slurped up his oysters rockefeller with four of his mouths.  

I was afraid Frank hadn't really understood what I was trying to say, so I tried to make myself and my intentions more clear.

"Frank, it's not that there's anything WRONG with being about 6 adult male North America river otters endemic to the Hudson Valley watershed dressed in what seems to be a handmedown Burberry trenchcoat circa the 1980's blue label period, it's just that I'm worried your living a lie and how that's going to negatively affect your job performance and your relationships with the other employees!

Frnak didn't seem to respond well to my direct tone.  He was currently banging the decorative oyster shells from his oyster shooters together in a playful manner on his belly, as his lower half seemed to gambol about under the folds of the trench coat.  His right arm was currently nibbling the ears of his left arm as the sleeve of his trench coat pulled tight across the center of his chest.

I could see my approach wasn't working, so I decided to switch tactics, trusting in the Lord to help me help my friend.

"Did you get those Bible Quotes I emailed you Frank?  John 8:32 And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free?  I send them to you because I care about you Frank, and more than just as a coworker.  I'm the head of HR and I have to say I'm just very concerned about your particular situation.  I want you to thrive in this company and to truly benefit from the oppurtunities we can provide you, but you're not going to be able to get there if you're lying on your resume.  We can't in good conscience recommend you to another job if we know you've been decieving us this entire time, and the fictions are started to spread pretty thin.  I mean, dangit, and excuse my french Frank, you're stomach is currently cavorting on the table top."

It was true.  The otter that comprised Frank's midsection had slipped out of the folds of the trenchcoat and was currently rolling around on top of the bar counter knocking over glasses and squeaking in a very self satisfied manner.  Again, the bartender just seemed to sigh and added another charge to the company's running tab.

It was clear I was getting nowhere fast with Frank.  John 8:32 had been my trump card, and now I was feeling pretty unsure of my path forward with our unique and special employee.  I was afraid to press Frank further, for fear of ostracizing him