It was a bright sunny day in Miami, and for once, not too humid. Kimmy walked into the corner Subway, smiling to herself, thinking about how nice it was to be able to reach restaurants by foot. She was in a great mood. Kimmy approached the counter and gave her order to Sal, the regular clerk.

“I’ll have the ham and Swiss... on Italian” 

Kimmy felt a warmth, mixed with tingles of chilly ice spread through her body. She had somehow just saved 5 billion people. She didn’t know how she knew,  but she did.

Sal looked at Kimmy and said, “Ah, switching it up today huh? You usually get the flatbread.”

“Yeah, I know Sal, but I’m in such a great mood, the sun is shining, things are going really well. I just felt inspired to change it up. You know how I’m usually so rigid with routine.” 

“Hmm...” murmured Sal. “Inspired, by the sun shining huh? Switching it up?”

“Yeah Sal! It’s a great day.”

Sal finished making Kimmy’s sandwich and bid her a good day.

———————————

15 years later

Kimmy woke up to a beautiful sunny day in Miami, and for once, it wasn’t all that humid. She walked a few blocks to her favorite coffee shop and scrolled through the news while she waited in line. 

Kimmy scanned the headlines and dropped her jaw as she read, “Engineer and physicist Sally Benjamin releases open source code for 3D printing solar panels. Credits inspiration to a customer at Subway job who changed her order because of the sun”

Kimmy still remembered the 5 billion. That was by far the largest number she had ever sensed. Kimmy continued reading and discovered Sal had been working her way through undergrad at the subway, and had been reading about solar panel design. Apparently Kimmy switching up her order due to the sun had sparked an idea in Sally. This grew into a reality and now affordable solar panels we’re going to be available everywhere and could be assembled on site. This opened up the possibility of generating more reliable energy all over the world.

Kimmy looked out the window, smiled, and was glad her contribution to save 5 billion people had been a bright outlook on life, and a deviation from her regular routine. She approached the counter and ordered her coffee. 

“Hey Jean, you know, I think I’ll switch it up today and have a fancy coffee. Can you do some kind of milk steam art?”

Jean laughed, “Oh Kimmy, you crack me up. Sure, I can make you some “milk steam art” Why no plain black today?”

“Just inspired by something that happened a long time ago that now involves 3D printers and the sun.” Kimmy breathed as the warm tingly sensation, and ice cold tingles ran through her body.  She had just saved 84 people. 

“Inspired to get milk steam art because if something that happened long ago and has to do with the sun and 3D printers huh? You’re something else Kimmy.” Jean said, but there was a strange look in her eye, as though something had just clicked. 