We sat awkwardly together around our fire, while I tried hard not to stare in amazement. The tiny pixie looked like me, but... actually a pretty good version of me. Her armour looked smooth and freshly painted. There were no scrapes and scratches marring the surface. I thought her reddish quiff looked a bit ridiculous, though. My hair wasn't that extreme. I found my own self-conscious hand brushing over my fauxhawk crest. Did I really look so colourful? I had always thought my enemies' eyes bulged in fear when they saw me. Now I wasn't so sure.

Krumdyr the Magnificent was still poring through the scrolls of fanfic. His brow had knitted into a mass of deep horizontal furrows and I could swear his blue-black beard was... quaking. Occasionally he would say things like "I did what?" and "That would never happen!" and once, with a strangled pitch to his voice, "With his... *staff*?"

At least two of the pixies were looking askance at him, shyly, but also with an air of expectant hope. One of them had a bluish beard drawn on its chin. The shortest of the group, it made the most convincing dwarf.... in so far as a tiny pixie could. Krumdyr stood three foot six inches high, the sturdy, stalwart warrior of our group, and yet still towered over the pixies like a goliath.

"You know, this is really very flattering," I said. "I always hoped stories would be written about us one day. I didn't think it would be quite so soon."

"Did you write any good romances about me and my love, Fenrir?" Gemma the Wildwytch asked earnestly. "For surely ours is such a love like has never been known."

Fenrir gave a little cough. "Can I have a look, Krumdyr?" The sorcerer reached over to take a few pages from the dwarf berserker.

Krumdyr reared back. "No! No there's nothing to read here!" He scrabbled the scrolls together into a messy ball and clutched them to his chest.

Fenrir looked startled. "Um..."

"Nothing but... but nonsense! Pure speculation! Idiot words! We would never- we're not like- we're nothing more than good friends, do you hear? When I held you after the battle of the BloodEye Serpent-King, tore apart my shirt to bandage your wounds, and begged you not to leave me - us - it was no more than I'd do for any other of my brothers!" He leapt to his feet and lurched awkwardly away to sit on the opposite side of the fire from Fenrir.

One page had fallen by my feet. I glanced down at it. "Slash fic," I read. "Well I hope you wrote some good battle scenes then. "

The two little pixies giggled.

&#x200B;