Lorelei sang her song. Exquisite poetry entwined in a sumptuous melody. Any man who heard her irresistible song was lured onto her island of rock. Any man, that is, except for Gunnhild.

"By the Gods" cried Thormus "Do you hear that sound? It sails the blood of my veins and caresses my soul."

"I hear it too... what beautiful creature can create such music?" said Armak. "Do you feel its bewitching pull, Gunnhild?"

"Mm. Very pleasent." lied Gunnhild.

"Set sail towards the sound!"

The longboat soon found the source of the music. A fierce island of rock, surrounded by sheer cliffs. They sailed in close and tied up the longboat.

"From here, we must climb." said Thrormus

"Yes! There is no time to waste!" shouted Lomax 

Gunnhild looked up at the cliff. It was an imposing site; a huge vertical rock, no obvious route for climbing. He had no interest in ascending it or finding the singer.

"Someone should stay and gaurd the longboat.  I will wait here until you all return."

No one responded. They had already begun climbing the cliff. 

----

It had been three days and Gunnhild was starting to become concerned. He finished the last of his pushups and put on his jacket. The song still lingered in the air. He could stand the noise no longer.

He decided he would find out what had become of his crew and whilst at it, put an end to the awful screeching. He picked up his axe and strapped it to his back.

He quickly ascended the cliff and pulled himself up to the flat top of the island. The music was much louder now. He headed towards it. 

Behind a thick growth of bushes he saw her. She was naked and had long dark hair, a face of flawless beauty and a heaving bosom. 

She must have heard him rustling in the bushes, as she slowly turned to face him.

"Where are my crew?" he demanded.

The lady pointed to a hole in the ground. Gunnhild walked over and peered down. "Are you there?" he yelled down.

"Gunnhild? Thank the Gods! You must help us! We have been deceived. Mikael is dead. The demon has eaten her."

"..Hold on, I will find a rope."

The sirens song stopped and a gentle whisper caressed the air.

"No...no you will not." she crooned "I am feeling hungry... and such a big powerful man like you, might just satisfy me. At least, for a while."

The siren opened her mouth and revealed a set of hideous fangs. A new song was sung, strange and powerful. There were screams from the pit.

Gunnhild waltzed entranced towards the siren. As he drew close the siren leaned her neck forward ready to bite. But Gunnhild was too fast, he stepped back, quickly drew his axe and brought it swiftly down onto the sirens head. She let out a hideous scream and green blood gushed from her wound.

-----

Back on the longboat the men threw a great party for Gunnhild.

"Tell me," Lomax said, with all the men gathered round "how did you resist her call? Each of us was completely entranced."

Gunnhild looked at each man in turn. He took a deep breath.

"I was able to resist her calls because... I am attracted only to men."

The crew went silent. Lomax stared at him for a long while before speaking.

"And, uh, which of us would you say is the most attractive? Just out of curiosity?"

"It's me, right?" another man asked hopefully.

Gunnhild rolled his eyes.


