Ever since I was young I always thought I was cursed.  No matter what I got involved in, I would ruin it.  It's almost like there was a destructive force hanging around me causing everything to break in some way shape or form.  No matter how careful I was, no matter how far ahead I planned each of my steps, something would always come crashing down.

It all started when I was 2 years old (that I can remember) when my mom and dad would always be fighting about something when I was around.  I remember laying in my little red race car bed with my mom and dad screaming at each other whilst in my doorway but whenever I was off doing my own thing and playing in whatever make belief world I chose that day I heard nothing.  There were times where I would get sent to live at the grandparent's house for a week so my mom and dad could "take a break" from the stresses of newfound parenthood and catch their breath and every time they would come over to pick me up it was the same.  Dad had his arm around mom's waist, mom was smiling and looking up at him like two high school sweethearts.  It never lasted long once I got home though.  Whenever I got back home with them I would always ask if we could watch that Rugrats movie where they all go to Paris or Japan or some shit like that, I was a toddler, I don't remember.  We would barely make it 15 minutes in until they were at each other's throats.

After mom popped out a sister for me and dad had used her as a punching bag enough for her to leave, we went off to live with the grandparents.  Everything was alright, I got to hang out with my cool grandpa and my grandma always babied me.  Things were looking pretty good for a few years, I got to go fishing with grandpa on the weekends and during the week day when I wasn't at school I got to hang out and "help" grandma bake.  By help her bake I mean that I got to eat whatever was on the counter.  Then, when I was in maybe 1st or 2nd grade, I came home from my cousin's house to everybody in the family crying.  My mom, grandma, aunts and uncles were all distraught and most crying.  I asked my mom what was wrong and she said "Buddy, grandpa's sick".  Alright? Congratulations, I got sick, mom got sick, sister got sick and even grandma got sick.. Why's he so special?  A few months down the road, grandpa stopped going fishing and stayed in bed a lot later and always looked so tired.  Finally, I built up the courage to tell my mom "What's wrong with grandpa. I want to know now." while also throwing a fit.  Come to find out, all those days we would go fishing from sun up to sun down wasn't good for grandpa's skin and he got cancer.  As a young kid I thought nothing of it.  Until one day when my mom came home sobbing and said "Honey, you need to go see grandpa, he's feeling really really sick and he wants to see you".  So I went to the hospital after the doctors had decided he was regaining his health enough for visitors and I got to hang out with him for a while.  I could overhear the doctors telling my family how much better my grandpa had been getting and how they're seeing a lot of potential for him to beat it.  Once I heard that I told him "Grandpa, did you hear that? They said you're gonna kick this sick's butt!". He laughed and smiled at me and said "I know buddy, they say in a couple weeks I'll be starting special medicine and I might even get to come home.  Just don't be worried when I come home bald, they make you shave your head so the medicine can get everywhere".  I laughed and hugged him and proceeded to curl up next to him all night.  Later the next day while playing at home, my mom came outside crying *again*. She told me grandpa didn't do so well and he had to go to a better place.  I figured yeah, I don't blame him, that hospital had the worst sandwiches.  He didn't go to a better hospital by the way, he died a day after I spent the whole day with him.

Fast forward a few more years when I'm finally in high school.  Life is angst filled as a 14 year old who weighs maybe 135 pounds of skin and bone soaking wet and having no social skills.  That's just a part of the process though.  Later in the school year I come home to my mom all angry on the phone, which wasn't out of the ordinary because she worked with a lot of dumbass people.  She hangs up the phone and says she has to go away for a bit.  Being the smartass I am I asked her what party she was going to this time.  She said "I'm sorry honey, work just called and said that they're putting me in a different country every month to review their manufacturing facilities".  I thought about it for a few minutes and it came to me.  *I was just at the local facility two weeks ago talking to her and her bosses about my future and how I wanted to travel the world*. She said she would try and call as much as possible but the calls got shorter and shorter and I became more and more depressed until pills, booze and sex became a normal routine for me.

something changed though.  During practice one day at football I made a great play on scout team defense and sacked the quarterback.  He tried to step on my hand when I caught his ankle with a hand so I got up and whipped him to the ground like a little bitch.  He started screaming at me thinking he was hot shit but when we went to run the same play again, he messed up.  Instead of following the play and pitching the ball to the left, he decided he would fake the pitch and run full speed into me.  All of a sudden I'm the second to bottom person on a huge pile up with the quarterback screaming bloody murder.  Apparently, when he went to run into me I did the same thing and whipped him to the ground.  This time, however, one of his lineman tried to block me as I was grabbing his waist and actually *helped* me whip him into the ground harder.  Everybody scatters from the pile and there he was, laying on the ground with part of his foot bursting from his skin and some bone in his leg further up poking out of his skin.  They called an ambulance but there was a car crash across town involving 6 people and they wouldn't be out for some time.  So in the mean time everybody tried keeping him in the best shape possible.  It didn't do anything.  He ended up getting surgery to get all the breaks fixed but ended up getting some kind of infection and losing his leg.

Once college hit I had felt pretty invincible.  There were plenty of times where guys wanted to fist fight me for being an asshole but by some odd incidence they always ended up in the hospital.  One time it was a guy who threw his whole body into a punch and after dodging it, he went full force and head first into one of those metal picnic benches and cracked his dome piece open.  Another guy thought I was hitting on his girlfriend and pulled a knife on me.  After I calmed him down by talking to him, he put it in his pocket and wanted to talk some shit while still calming down a bit.  Turns out the dumbass doesn't know about double lacing your shoes.  He steps on his laces, trips, and the knife was angled just right to where the pressure of his waist bending and him forcing his leg down in an attempt to stay on his feet caused the knife to stab him in the leg.  *He accidentally stabbed himself in the leg*.  

Finally, here I am now.  Siting on my computer and watching the stock market and picking the highest stock to invest $1 in.  You get what I'm getting at here?  If not here's the thing.  I've recently enjoyed going to Casino's.  I don't feel that "rush" that some people get when gambling though.  What I get is broken slot machines.  You might be thinking "Wow, congrats dude, you broke it, hope it was worth wasting your money on the machine".  Well, fuck you if you thought that.  What I get isn't a lost amount of money, I get a machine that always has the spinning symbols seize up at "Jackpot".  Technically, I hit the Jackpot, every single time I gamble and the machine registers it because, well, if the spindle shows the word "jackpot" 3 times in a row it says out loud "Jackpot" but never spits the money out which leads to me filing a lawsuit and getting even more money than I would've with the slot machines.  So, with that being said, and if you haven't figured it out, I plan on shorting the stock market.  Not hard with this "gift" really, just pick a high priced stock, invest a dollar, let it plummet and then buy it incredibly low for some mere pennies.  The best thing to do, in my experience, is to pick something like a major bank that the government will bail out.  That way they bring in more money from the government and can get that stock price back up to what it once was, except this time I'll own the vast majority of it.

Maybe breaking everything isn't always so bad.