"I became nothing but the slow inhalation of breath.
A mind without a body. Nothing but crawling thoughts and instinctual breathing.
At first I tried to call out, but unheard and unmoving I came to accept my fate.
I counted the gradual passing of days, and then seasons and then nothing.
Stars danced gracefully at the edge of my vision, unable to move my eyes to catch them they stayed for a time before falling away, deteriating into creeping shadows that reflected the inside of my mind, yet, these too fell away eventually.
I had become a stow-away in time; forgotten and unknown the world sped on without me.
I was left only to contemplate myself, my mind. I had forgotten the beauty of my body, I could not remember if I were man or woman, beast or spirit, I just existed, a slow inhalation of breath.  
Eventually, even the idea of these foggy, half-remembered concepts were lost entirely and I deteriated. My mind became chaos, a formless, nameless madness. An everlasting stream of imperfect thoughts, and ignorant to all things.
Chaos, however, leads ceaselessly into order and the conciousness in the tomb of ice died for a time, I existed only as the slow inhalation of breath.

When finally I woke my mind had lost all language, all sense of self. A blank slate knowing nothing, dreaming everything.  
My vision returned to me and with it your faces; people, scientists. Memories came back to me as the names of things returned, before I awoke the importants of names had been lost on me, where before they were just noises I know them now as they truly are; description that provide order to our memories. 
Conciousness came rushing at me, a stampede of remembrance and knowledge.  
I had become more than just breath, a mind hungry for knowledge, conversation, remembrance.  
It was then, like no time before that I longed for my freedom, I pressed hard against the ice. Fought battles to move just an inch, and then, the door cracked open and blinding light greeted me back to a world of colour, noise and other people.  
When you're alone you experience nothing, there is no confirmation, just foggy ideas of what may be and the gradual, reasurring inhalation of breath.  
Now we're here, and I long for nothing more than to see the world, and make new memories".  

A Man in a white coat sits across the table, after a brief pause he reaches out and collects a recording device in silence. Slowly, thoghtfully he pulls himself out of his seat, straightens his jacket before speaking: "...Thank you subject 1, it is a pleasure to meet you".