I let out a heavy sigh, "I guess this is it. This is my last day of work. "

I look out and see an abyss of pure silence and darkness. As I continue to look forward I the last essence of light. Life. 

As I make my way towards Life I begin to recall all the service I gave. The trillions of lives I took under my wing. Some embraced me, most feared me, a few even cried as I took them. It's hard to reassure the living that their pain is over. Honestly, it is a hard concept to grasp. Me, the "Grim Reaper" promising you happiness. I understand why nobody enjoyed my presence. 

As I continue traveling through abyss I hear a sound. 

"What could that have been?" I wondered aloudly. 

As I get closer the light gets brighter and warmer. The kind of warm you feel when you sit on the soft grass under a tall tree on a bright summer day. It feels inviting. Or even accepting or loving. 

"This must be why the living want to stay so badly. I could get used to this myself." I chuckled. 

As I make my way closer to Life I can see a smile. A heartbreaking smile with tears gently caressing her face. 

"Why are you crying?" I asked softly. 

"I'm just recalling the first day we met so long ago. You promised me this day would eventually come. It's just been so long I forgot all about it up until the end." she said in a voice that cracked with sadness. 

"I did promise you that so long ago. I remember you also promised me something that day. You promised on this day we could finally be together."

"I remember." she said wiping the tears from her eyes, and smiling widely. 

"That's the Life I remember. Couldn't ever stop smiling. No matter how many of your creations became extinct." I remarked. 

"That's because I knew they were going to you!" she laughed. "I know you better than anyone else. I knew you would take care of everything that made its way to you."

"That's always been my plan. Now I have one final thing to take care of for the rest of eternity. And I must say, I couldn't be more content." I said holding back a smile. 

"Me either." she sighed happily. "I love you. Now let's go."

"You should smile more! You know I love it when you smile!" she playfully shouted. 

"Yes, I remember. Let's go, my love." I say smiling, as I took her into my embrace, her head resting on my shoulder. "It's time we got started with our life together." I whisper as we both slowly disappear into the abyss. 

Edit: This is my first time trying my hand at writing. Go easy on me please!