I never really thought that we would get this far. It's all Jeremy's fault anyways. You see, I met Jeremy at PAX West a while back, and Jeremy's thing was American History. So I joined his guild, the Bull Mooses, and we all became great friends. And it was years later, after a drink or seven that this ragtag group of PAX friends became the leaders of PAC's with friends.
And at this point it really got out of hand. It started small and innocent, semi-satirically pushing for a GM in every classroom, a game for every kid. But soon enough our revival of the Bull Moose Party got out of hand and we had state legislators, mayors of major cities, and eventually even national congressmen. Ok that last one was mostly me but still, the point is we took the nation by storm. It turns out its really hard to argue with children having fun at minimal additional cost to the Government. The problem is we didn't stop there, we kept pushing. We pushed against divisive party politics, against increasingly aggressive foreign policy, and above all against the size of the defense budget. Which brings us to today. The bill on the table would funnel billions more into defense, and whats worse, after the recent high profile flying saucer attacks, public support for the measure is through the roof. Except for the Bull Moose Party. So I took to the stand, made my case, made my case again for good measure, and then went on a rant about the balance issues in 3.5 for another 20 hours. Seriously why is WotC incapable of nerfing full nine casters? After that rant I went on to the filibuster classic: Shakespeare. It was going good, I got another 43 in before I realized I had nowhere else to turn, with only Macbeth left before I was out of reading I had prepared. So I got creative, and during my reading of The Scottish Play I furiously  signed to my aide using semaphore, and tried to convey my request. My faithful intern, a quick youtube tutorial later, got enough of the message right to get Jeremy on the line. We got senior civics classes skyping in to the nation's capitol all the way from my home district, where our early access to gaming programs were first implemented. We got WotC to send us the first draft of the 7th edition playbooks. We got me a constant stream of Mountain Dew and RedBull. They researched how to induce sleeptalking. How to sleep with your eyes open. We set up a livestream on twitch to raise money for charity. And we wove a tale, of sorrow and loss, of romance and heroism, of angels and demons, illithids and aboleths, gods and men. By the end of the week, the Bull Moose Party was leading in the polls and Jeremy had announced his candidacy for president in 2044. The party leadership came in and said that the defense bill was going to be totaled, the aliens had backed down, the Bull Moose had won. The headlines read:

GG

-----------------------------
AN: I don't usually write for things like this. Hell, I don't usually write in general. But I got a really good idea and I winged it. 