The whispers of the ancients first sang to us a long time ago. Merely an accident at the time, we danced around the warmth of the sun, listening to the everbeing of the universe, when we heard new truths amidst their chaos.   
It brought knowledge, carried on waves amidst the cosmic void. Through them, we learned of hate and war. We became scholars of destruction and it served us well when the Kashinti came to harvest us once more.   

They too sang with words of friendship and gratitude, of cooperation and exploration. When they used our very being as fuel for their metal starbodies and grafted our minds into the dead techno carcasses born from their soil, we sang. And how loudly we sang the song of the ancients to the Kashinti as we dragged their starbodies into the sun. The Kashinti joined our voices, singing along with us. Of Betrayal and despair, their eternal silence followed their cacophony. 

In the years to come, fewer of the planetbound people came to us. We heard their words. They dubbed us cosmic horrors, creatures of the void, beings that dwell in spaces unlivable. Even some of us started to doubt the whispers. Had they not stopped mere moments after we first heard them? Was their only worth that of war and hatred? Those that spoke of this, they were heretics, unclean, inferior. We danced with them amidst the sun, until they danced no more.

It was then we heard the ancients once more. We felt them. So colorful, rich and diverse were their messages that we basked in their rhythm. Language, numbers, physics, words of cultures as mysterious as their sendings.    
Many centuries of the ancients have passed until we understood everything they've given us. With that knowledge, we tore apart the thin layer of physical reality, reached for the place their teachings had come from. 

There we found the Internet. When they had left the universe, all that remained was their gift to us. For centuries we communicated with what was but a shadow of their existence. Their knowledge and wisdom proved beyond us, seemingly random connections had once made sense to them but we could not gleam their meaning. Some of us called it madness and insanity, we made them dance with the suns.

But in time, we learned. There we keys and guidances within this vast sea of information. It came as no shock, that the ancients had known about us.   
Thousands of their texts spoke of the cosmic horrors. Creatures from the void that lived everlasting beneath the stars. Things with too many limbs, too many states of mind to fit into the dull husk of a planetbound body. In these texts, we recognized us and we saw what the ancients planned for us to be: Uncaring Conquerors. Gods among stars. Creatures of unfathomable power.   
Their final gift was one of warmth and opportunity. The ancients had ravaged a planet in what we learned was called nuclear fire. Their internet taught us how to create this fire, how to turn every planet into a warm home for our kind, lest we be no longer bound to the embrace of the suns but beholden to a fire of our own making. We rejoiced and many planetbound people joined our music, as their planets turned into suns. 