Timmy was always a great kid, he was finishing public college in Wisconsin, and kept to himself. He had his first beer his senior year of college. Didn't do any drugs. You know, the life parents dream of for their children.

He picked economics because of the crazy implications of studying like international affairs or any type of ROTC program. He was shy, quiet, and introverted. He had read in the papers that the drops for economics were overwhelmingly boring: fixing problems for a small business, rewriting some code for some professor, or even saving a big corporation from bankruptcy through some statistical analysis of their books. The extreme cases were described as helping folks laundry money, but even that seemed perfectly mundane for Timmy.

May 13th, 2109, the date was circled on his calendar because the schools give an estimated date for the opportunity, but can never tell how it happens or where the student will end up. When it started in 2031, every college was baffled by what/how/why this was happening. However, almost a century later, and they had grown accustomed to the process. It would be *weird* at this point not to go through it.

It was May 12th, and Timmy backed a duffel bag. He brought all his notebooks, fresh pads of papers, office supplies, and even some textbooks; the laptop was a must. He took some benadryl, sighed, and tried to sleep.

At midnight on May 13th, Timmy appeared in a dark room, and was immediately bound and gagged. The people in the room covered his head with something, and blindfolded him. Timmy peed his pants.

Timmy could hear Spanish coming from the room, and the lights were turned on. Timmy didn't understand what was going on, and had studied Chinese as probabilities suggested he would be dropped somewhere where folks spoke English or Mandarin. He started to panic, scream, and cry. Timmy was scared. The people in the room started shouting in a language he couldn't understand, and that scared him even more. He fell over in the chair he was bound to, and continued to freak out until one of the men shot a loud sounding gun into the ceiling, and said, "Suficiente. Conseguir el tipo que habla inglés." Timmy stopped panicking out of fear for his life. He understood the last word meant English, which also helped calm him.

The folks in the room turned Timmy upright, and even changed his pants. This was extremely awkward of course, but he appreciated it none the less.

After about thirty minutes, a man whose very presence intimidated Timmy, came into the room and said, "Déjanos." The man said in a deep voice, "my name is Alvaro, and I work for the Mexican drug cartels, you are in Tijuana." Alvaro was untying Timmy, and pulled his blindfold off, and he saw a man covered in tattoos with more scars than could be reasonably expected from someone who wasn't involved in a lot of conflicts. Timmy, slightly confused and mortified, said, "I think this is some sort of mistake, you see, I'm an..." before Timmy could finish Alvaro replied, "we know who you are, this has been happening for a while, we simply prefer if the students don't talk about their experiences with the media; we will see what happens." Alvaro continued silently untying Timmy, and eventually brought a chair from the corner. The two were sitting there, staring at each other, Timmy had to look up to the man who was roughly three times his size. Timmy scanned over Alvaro in a cursory manner, and then began staring on the floor. Alvaro responded, "so, what is your major? Let's start there." Timmy was speechless, he couldn't put the words together, and he was visibly shaking. Alvaro repeated the question numerous times, but it was as if he was talking to a wall. Eventually, Alvaro slapped Timmy across the face, to which Timmy blurted out, "hey they said they wouldn't hurt us." Alvaro retorted, "we aren't *them*, just answer my question." Timmy responded underneath his breath, "Economics."

Alvaro's demeanor changed immediately, and looked extremely happy as he shouted, "FINALLY! If you would have something like philosophy, computer science, or art, I would have shot you on the spot," to which Timmy noticed the gun tucked in the back of his pants, and very timidly and quietly replied, "why not just let them go?" Alvaro rolled his eyes and sighed. Timmy got the message.

"We believe that we understand the algorithms behind the process. We aren't entirely sure if they are accurate, but the last statistician we brought in helped us understand what we are dealing with in an analytical matter," Alvaro continued, "so, we minimized activities that would bring us unqualified candidates, but our lives can be quite eccentric, and often times we are sent people with useless majors for our situation."

"Every day, we are starting to belief in some sort of paranormal activity or even God playing a role in these things," Alvaro contemplated while he handed Timmy a bag of pork rinds, "it's unfortunate and we didn't ask for this, but we are a business just like any other; consequently, we are sent students."

Timmy was intimidated by how articulate this person before him was and without really thinking stated, "you're very smart for someone in this life, what happened?"

Alvaro peered over his shoulder, as if insulted, but didn't mention that when he said, "this is the world we live in now, Timmy," Alvaro said scanning a sheet of paper his associate handed him - which obviously contained information on the 22 year old's life. "I was in college, just like you, and I was an economics major, just like you. Eventually, I was put in charge around here because of how I was able to efficiently manage their supply lines, trading routes, and bolster demand for the product in the US-"

Timmy cut off Alvaro and said while chewing, "You do realize that what you're doing is wrong, right? Like really, really messed up. Do you get that?" Alvaro was visibly upset by this, and Timmy's short moment of relief from being able to eat something had abruptly ended.

Alvaro pulled the Glock 9mm that was tucked in-between his wife beater and the back of his jeans, kicked the chair, and squatted down in front of Timmy, "I was just like you. Innocent. I was nice, unimposing, and wanted to keep to myself. I even chose economics because of the low probability of hell, just like you did. I didn't ask for this, this life chose me," Alvaro pressed his gun up against Timmy's temple, "I thought you were smart enough to read my body language to understand what I was suggesting the first time, but let me spell it out for you in plain language. If you don't do as we say, you die. If you try to run, you die. Even if you do everything perfectly with a dumb smile on your face, we will kill you unless we are absolutely certain that none of this gets back to the media. We do this to protect students. If they don't know this is a possibility, they don't worry about it. There is such a low chance of it happening that it's not worth worrying every family in the world over. Do *you* understand now?"

Timmy started balling his eyes out. Timmy was spewing pork rinds everywhere. Timmy had never been this scared in his life, but Alvaro couldn't help laughing. Alvaro knew that this kid would be successful, and little Timmy falling apart in the chair he once sat in - acting the same way he used to - gave him hope that his cartel had finally found someone worth their time.

Timmy quietly finished the bag of pork rinds, and his facial expressions communicated the roller coaster of emotions he was experiencing. After about 45 minutes of silence from Timmy and Alvaro examining the files in his hands with great care, Timmy finally quietly muttered, "what do I have to do? When do I start?