Death was having a bad day.

It could've been worse. There were people dying and Death did find some amusement in snuffing out those lives one by one, but they were all dying to the same old causes. Death had hoped humanity would grow out of the simple deaths by now, that they'd use their technology to survive diseases and starvation so they could die in new, exciting ways, but there they were. Dying.

Death looked around at his hourglasses. There were enough to fill more than shelves than any human could count, most of them already drained, but still sitting there to remind Death of every little joy people had provided him. *Maybe the next one to run out will be killed by wild animals,* Death mused. *Those ones still happen, and they tend to quite visceral.*

Death waited. There wasn't much for Death to do other than wait, the only things in Death's realm were the shelves, the hourglasses, and the desk at which Death waited. The desk didn't even have any ornamentation, just the stacks of paper Death wrote up as records for the auditors and empty drawers Death hadn't opened in centuries. Bored, as Death often was during a lull, Death fiddled with the drawers one by one.

Open... Shut.

Open... Shut.

Open...

With a quiet click, Death's jaw dropped. Sitting in the third drawer, feigning innocence by hiding under a coating of dust, was an hourglass. An hourglass which, as it was sideways, still had sand in both sides despite its obvious old age. Death ran a finger along the glass as it thought about the implications of this hourglass, this exception to the rules Death was so used to. Death considered flipping it over, adding another chance to kill a human to some future day, but decided against it. There is more to death than killing, after all, and as Death formulated a plan of questionable cosmic legality it began to smile wide at the new opportunity this hourglass presented.

The air was cold and the sky grey as Death stepped onto the ground once more. Now that its mood had been lifted, Death took a moment to appreciate the rush of feeling that came with reality, cracking its joints in the biting, ash-laden wind. Nearby were some trees, silhouetted against the dull, red glow on the horizon. Death reckoned the owner of the hourglass, a man named Josiah Wilkinson, would be hiding there.

Death struggled to remember anything about this man who had lived so much longer than any human is supposed to. It had been so long since Death had set up Josiah's hourglass and in that time Josiah had never had a close encounter with Death, on account of his hourglass being lost. Death wondered what kind of man such a long life would make someone; Death had never known much about people beyond how they handled dying.

Once Death had reached the trees, the hut was obvious. It looked like it might have been an old log cabin, before its current inhabitant boarded up the windows and rammed spikes into the ground outside the door. A determined man, Death assumed. Someone aware that Death could be around any corner, and so fighting for every inch of life that he could. Death liked it when they fought back, though Death had to remind itself that it wasn't here to kill Josiah.

Neither the spikes nor the wall of the cabin were a hindrance to Death as it stepped into the cabin, bringing a chill into the room that can only be felt in one's spine. Looking around for Josiah, allowing itself to be visible to the living, Death grew confused. 

The room was pitch black. Used tins of food were strewn around, as Death had expected, but there were so many that the entire floor was covered in a layer two or three tins deep. The only thing in the room other than the tins was a chair, facing away from Death. But no one jumped at the chill in their spine, or yelped as they realised Death had finally come for them.

Silently, as Death usually is, Death walked around the chair to see if some note had been left by Josiah. *Perhaps,* Death reckoned. *Perhaps my survivor somehow knew I was coming and escaped, and that is why he hasn't jumped out to fight me.* Death rounded the chair and looked, and for the second time that day Death's jaw dropped. Sitting there, grumpily, face covered in wrinkles, was a man Death realised he recognised all too well.

Josiah started to say something, but Death was too distracted to listen. Funeral after funeral, so many that Death had watched were attended by this man before him. Friends, children, grandchildren, even great-grandchildren, each one was buried with this man watching on, crying softly. He'd even attended the first mass graves, before disappearing from Death's view once more. Death didn't quite understand how watching people die affected people, but it knew that this man must have been made stronger than any other by enduring so much-

"-so just kill me already," Josiah demanded, staring straight at Death with a sneer.

"WHAT?" Death asked, its voice echoing in the old cabin, as only Death's voice can.

"I said kill me. You gone deaf after all the screams, or do you just never listen anyway?" Josiah asked, teeth grinding against each other as he waited for his death.

"YOU, YOU WANT TO DIE?" Death asked, cocking its skull to the side. "AFTER SO LONG FIGHTING TO STAY ALIVE, NOW YOU WISH TO GIVE UP?"

"I ain't fought," spat Josiah. "It's just ain't nothing can kill me, not even once you've taken everyone I ever cared about! Ain't no reason I should get to keep on living with all them in the ground."

"I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE DIFFERENT," Death muttered, trying to fit the grumpy, defeated man in front of him into his carefully thought out plan. "YOU SHOULD BE STRONG. DETERMINED. WHY ARE YOU SO WEAK?"

Josiah stared at Death for a few more seconds, then looked down at his hands. "You do that to people, you know. With each one you took from me, you took part of my life away too. Ain't really got a life any more because of you, but you ain't given me a death either."

Death frowned. It had come up with a solution, a way to fix its plan, but Death was not quite sure how to do it.

"HUMANITY IS DYING, JOSIAH," Death stated. "ALL OF THEM. ALREADY THERE ARE SO FEW LEFT."

Josiah gave a single chuckle. "Ain't that what you want? I would've thought you were happier than you ever been when them bombs started falling."

"I DO NOT WISH FOR HUMANITY TO DIE," Death continued. "WHEN HUMANITY HAS DIED, I WILL HAVE NO ONE TO KILL. YOU MUST SAVE THEM."

"You ain't very convincing, seeing as you're saying I should save folks just so you can kill them," Josiah replied, his voice cracking as he imagined seeing yet more people die in front of him. "Ain't fair that you want to put me through all that again."

"THEY WILL DIE, AS IS THE WAY OF THINGS. BUT HUMANITY NEED NOT DIE WITH THOSE WHO WILL DIE TOMORROW," Death argued. "I WILL NOT STOP KILLING THEM, AS IS THE WAY OF THINGS, BUT YOU COULD SAVE THEM."

"You say that, but you ain't done much killing me yet," Josiah muttered.

"YOU ARE AN UNDISCOVERED ANOMALY, JOSIAH. YOU HAVE NOT DIED. IT IS LIKELY THAT YOU DO NOT NEED TO DIE, AND MY MISTAKE WILL REMAIN UNNOTICED," Death stated. Death thought for a moment, then tried speaking to Josiah in a human voice. Death chose the voice of Josiah's wife. "We may be-"

"Don't you fucking dare!" Josiah screamed, looking back into Death's eyes. "You fucking monster, don't you fucking dare use her voice! She's dead, but she ain't your goddamn wife! She ain't... She ain't yours..." Josiah trailed off towards the end, a tear escaping his eyes.

Death returned to its own voice, unphased. "WE MAY BE ENEMIES, BUT OUR INTERESTS ALIGN. SAVE THEM, JOSIAH. I PROMISE THAT YOU WILL NOT DIE, FOR IF YOU DO I WILL HAVE NONE LEFT TO KILL."

Josiah did not respond. Instead, he thought about his wife. She had died so long ago now, but he could still remember her face. He could still remember how it felt to hold her. He could still remember how it felt to feel her hand go limp in his when she died on the hospital bed. Josiah had long since given up on stopping the tears, and by the time he'd finished crying he found that Death had gone. He still wasn't dead. He wasn't healed, either, but he'd remembered something important. It wasn't just his wife's death that had hurt him, or the deaths of his descendants. Every single death he saw or heard about had stung, every life snuffed out was another person just like his wife. Someone real, someone loved.

For the first time in years, Josiah Wilkinson stood up and faced the world outside his cabin.