Here goes nothing

Doctor's face went pale. I impulsively left the clinic, running frantically to public library 3 blocks down. The library was my safe haven, my happy place. When there was too much of that voice, I'd find comfort in books. Thinking of all the possibilities, a comforting thought popped up, may be I'm not the only one, there are others too. But that is just one possiblility the other is far more horrific, that the doctor had something to do with that voice in my head, but what could that possibly be. Later in the evening, when I was strolling back to home, I felt something in my pocket; The pills. A shiver of cold ran down my spine. Just blocking every thought I opened the door and I say my father. It's been ages since my folks visited me. I wanted to hug him but something in me was stopping me, I wanted to smile, to tell him It was good having him but couldn't. We just stood in silence looking at each other and in a blink of eye he was gone, maybe I was put under some sedative but the image was too strong to be characterized as an illusion. Rest if day went normal, but I couldn't concentrate on anything except the pills, I should take them what more harm can it cause. I needed someone; to at least hear what I am going through but no one I knew would take it serious. "It's all in your head" of course IT IS AND THAT'S THE PROBLEM. They all thought I am making it up but the feeling that someone knows, and will probably understand was somewhat soothing. I will visit that doctor again. That night, the voice was really quite but at 4am, I jolted upwards from what seemed a horrendous nightmare. It was almost like some entity was physically present. All I could think of is being coerced to do something but What? After that there were whispers, then muffled cries and it all soon turned to screams. I already had consumed sleeping pills, antidepressants but this time they weren't dying out. 
I don't recall anything but waking up in OT and the only face that came into my view was of That doctor's. I couldn't move or feel anything and the voice was silent. I continued swaying in and out amd it seemed like a lucid dream. I'd hear bits and pieces of surrounding but couldn't separate the reality from fiction. The voice in my head continued reverbrating a phrase "He has always been one of us". I was too drowsy to actually register what they meant. After what seemed like eon I regained my senses I found myself in a familiarly unfamiliar place. I was still unable to move, not because of the accident but because I was tied to the bed. The doctor came in but this time their was something different. "You'll get answers" he said. With a tilt of head, I motioned for him to continue, not that he noticed it of course. His eyes were focused on the fireplace, "you see, humans are not the only intelligent inhabitants of this planet there are numerous more, but their world is quite parallel to what you have. The concepts of time and space are redefined there. No, you aren't one of them. Your ancestors were chief of the tribe whose sole duty was to hunt them down and they were pretty successful only that this too much interaction with their race left them a gift; a curse. Ability to hear the voices you hear. Our minds are too feeble to get control of that so we try to stop these voices. I have been here since a long time identifying such individuals and curing them. They all just get rid of the voices and you were the only one that was skeptical about pills. I assume you lost them so I'll give you more" as he reached out to a cupboard. "What if I want to control it?" I inquired in a croaking voice.


Couldn't complete it due to semester exams.
