"Another one bites the dust", he thought. He used to like that song, but now it felt different. Death sat grimly on rusty car watching the human draw his final breathes. It had been 11 years since international disaster lead to the nuclear holocaust, a moment in time not even Death enjoyed. Do you know how hard it is to reap billions of lives? It took nearly a decade just to finish that. It was only after those 10 long years of coaxing the final ghosts out of hiding that Death realized he might soon be unemployed. Everyone always asked what happens to them after they die, but nobody ever asked what happened to death once everyone was already dead. After all, unemployed could have an entirely different meaning for Death, and it's not like anyone wrote it in his job description. Can Death die? Would he get a new job? Maybe a nice cushy one like that do-nothing Time.

Death pondered these questions while out of the shadows a creature drew near to him. Startled, he realized it was another human. This human was in rough shape. He was so skinny his body almost looked malformed. He was wearing a rank plaid shirt, his beard covered in debris, twisting in knots and locks. In fact, the first thing he did when he found the scissors on the dead human was cut these locks from his beard. Then he scavenged the corpse for provisions. "This human might have a chance", he thought, "I shall call him... Rick."

Death followed as Rick rummaged through the outskirts of the city, carefully whispering when he noticed a loose steel beam about to fall on Rick, grabbing his attention long enough to avoid disaster. Death could sense another meatbag nearby, so he attempted to drive Rick towards him. Death pushed a washing machine out of a nearby window, grabbing their attention as they turned the corner into each other, and then proceeded to fight. Rick had ducked a machete and pinned the other human to the ground, knocking off his baseball cap, inscribed with just "P". With the upper hand, Rick overpowered the other human and drove his boot knife into the other mans chest multiple times. The plaid shirt was an even darker red now. Rick leaned against the buildings stones, holding his leg. Apparently Mr. P over there got Rick with his machete just before he was stabbed. Death could immediately tell it was a fatal femoral artery injury.

Death brought his skeletal hand to his face. Maybe humans were destined to die, he thought. Sighing, he began reaping them. He wasn't nice about it either, I mean, he really made sure they knew what idiots they were. He tore their souls out slower than usual and let them linger in his hands a few moments. Nothing was more painful to a human soul than lingering about, each second feeling like an eternity. He let the souls go, and both drifted towards the ground. Typical, he thought. They disappeared into the cracked cement.

...

Death found another human, this time a woman. Any human would probably have mistaken her for a man, and she probably wanted it that way. Her hair was cut short, and she had a stocky build with wide shoulders. She looked meaner than Rick did. He just happened to find her as she ran into another human, a rare coincidence these days despite his most recent encounter. To his surprise, she didn't start beating him to death, and he her. They started talking, and soon began venturing together.

Maybe there was some hope after all.