"Warmongering, sadistic, savage. These are only a few words I could use to describe these monsters. The revel in war and wish to impose it upon all who do not fit in their civilization. They power they wield is unfathomable, rendering us incapable of defense, a mere child before the wolf. I record this message to serve as a warning in hopes that if you are another species, one fortunate enough to have never of crossed paths with them. My name is Hemenphotek, leader of the Halet, a species rendered almost extinct from  barbarous humans." Hemenphotek to a moment to gather himself. Dressed in a blue gown that was laced in gold. His golden necklace was an anchor on his chest, exhausting him. He and his cohort had been on the run for several years, so many that he has lost track, never settling down enough to get his barrings, always on the defensive. He his feathers tattered and falling out after so much conflict. He took a deep breath, ready to continue.

"When the humans took their astral step, we greeted them with open arms, we wanted to show them the way of our Empire, built on peace and understanding. This Empire, we shared it with two other races, the Anloy and the Fornin, both extinct." Hemenphotek paused, holding back tears. Being the former leader of the Halet, he had knew plenty of Anloy and Fornin, and cared for them, his friends, driven from their homes and hunted to the edges of the galaxy, corned like animals, until they quenched from existence. He fought back tears and clenched his beak, resolute to continue his warning.

"Avoid humans at all cost" He continued.  "Our initial dialogue with them started off promising, until we learn of how they reach out into the stars. Humans do not possess magical abilities like the other species we have encountered. Instead, they rely on innovation of the mind, to a deadly degree. With this grasping of technology that we had no need for led them to create fast "machines" of war, capable of death on a grand scale, that, I have unfortunately bared witness to." Hemenphotek clenched his scepter, trying to quell the anger that arose inside of him. He gazed at it, taking in its master crafted beauty. It was passed down to each Pharaoh, and had been for thousands of years, and yet still looked as though it were fresh from the forge. He be the last to wield it. 

"When we met with them, they spoke in a strange tongue, but with our magic we were able to decipher their speech, and at first, they seemed friendly. They said their species had always dreamed for touching the cosmos, and seemingly unobtainable goal. But they advanced fast, and with that spread far and wide, until they encountered us. Their Empire scattered the stars, and rivaled ours, and for horrible reasons. One species, with an Empire almost the size of ours of three species, for what reason? Resources. Their death machines required "fuel" as they said. We told them we were a peaceful civilization, with one major conflict, that being between the Anloy and Halet on first contact, but was quickly resolved. We had no need to fight, so, our magic was tailored to utility rather than combat." He reflected on that last sentence, realizing that he was referring to his species in the past tense. He let out a small chuckle, as he knew the end was near.

"We asked them about their history. It is plagued with war, death, and destruction. A horrifying realization. War is ingrained into them, they perceive others than themselves as hostile, and act accordingly. Not long after, they demanded we bow down to them, of face annihilation. They were determined to either gain control of our planets willingly or to conquer them. And conquer them they did. The power they wield...insurmountable. Their war machines unleashed a cacophony of destruction, their soldiers unleashing death from afar. Fast ships rained hellfire fire from the sky. There was nothing we could do." The ground shook as a distant explosion reverberated the room Hemenphotek was in. A sound all too familiar with him. The humans had found their last bastion.

"Our time has come to an end" Hemenphotek remained calm, he had accepted the death of his people long ago, it was only a matter of time. He continued with his message. "In our fight against a Britannica Empire, thought outmatched us in every way, we had one advantage, teleportation. I have sealed this message with magic, and with it the location of all of our portals that allowed us to traverse faster than them. They have yet to be able to figure out how to decipher runes, although they are impervious to some magic. They have ways around invisibility, suits that are fire resistant, impervious suits of giant armor, and much more. I have made note of everything they are able to counter in hopes that one day another civilization may take our place and usurp these demons. The humans are here, and I am ready to meet our God Alashee in paradise. May your efforts not be in vein like ours were."     