"Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800s?"

I was moving before the final word was out of her mouth. One moment you're sitting at the bar, drinking after a long day at work, the next you're in a fight for your life. She hadn't even specified *when* in the 1800s, but that wasn't a great century for me.

As I reached for the knife in my jacket, I tried to narrow it down. I'd met eleven immortals over the course of the 1800s, and eight of them had been dealt with in the customary method, securely chained to a boulder and then dropped at the bottom of the nearest ocean. Two were friends, or close enough, and both men besides that. That left only a single possibility; she was one of the women that I'd tried to kill, the one that had brought my spree to an unceremonious end.

I threw the knife as soon as it was out of my jacket, spinning it end over end, right toward her chest, with the skill borne of a few centuries of daily practice. I was drawing out my second knife as soon as I had released the first, this one meant for cutting her apart. The first knife struck her in the chest, but didn't get through the rib cage, despite my best effort, which meant that she'd have a bleeding breast, which would hardly be a crippling wound in the upcoming fight.

It was worse than that though, because I realized that she had come prepared; the lack of blood and the bulk beneath her jacket spoke to armor, likely bulletproof in this day and age. I had a second shock as she drew a gun on me.

The tavern was going into a frenzy, naturally, as people screamed and ran. I was hopeful that some bystander would save me, but the tavern had been quiet, and heroes were apparently in short supply. A bullet wouldn't kill me, nothing would, but it would probably wound me badly enough that she would be able drag me to whatever vehicle she had waiting.

"Stop," she said. She was breathing heavily.

"As you wish," I replied, setting the knife down on the counter. I'd lived long enough to have a rather poor view of pride. Too many men had died because they weren't willing to back down in a fight.

"So you do remember me?" she asked, staring at me with piercing eyes.

"Somewhat," I said. "I should have sunk you to the bottom of the Atlantic."

"I gave you a wound, as you recall," replied the woman. There was hellfire in her eyes. She had come prepared, she knew who I was, and she was out for revenge. Centuries of sleeping with the fishes were looking more and more likely, but she hadn't shot me, not yet. "I'm not sure that you'd have won that altercation, even after stabbing me in the chest a few dozen times."

"I'd have won," I replied. "But the authorities are so troublesome to deal with. That's even more the case now," I said, gesturing with my hand. "Do you know what they do to people like us, when we surface?" The response time of the police was painfully low, in comparison to the good old days when I'd stalked the streets. We didn't have much time. "If they arrive here while we're having a standoff, what happens to us will be downright barbaric, even by the standards of what I inflicted on you."

"Oh yes, I know," said the woman with a devious smile.

Then she shot me in the face.

When I woke up, I was in chains.