“Whatever, he’s fine. Leave me alone!” I said frustratingly to Kyle, who sat next to me in the main room. 

The main room of the office was an open but dull room lit by flat fluorescent lights with executive offices lining the perimeter. In the main room, there were four rows of long tables, seating about five people each. There were no real boundaries for our workspaces, only blurry imagined ones. The line between my workspace and Kyle’s workspace existed exclusively to me, I suppose. He often thought that his workspace extended into mine so things got tense once in a while.

Kyle put his hands up in front of him and pulled back. “Woah dude, calm down. I’m just trying to make small talk. Anyways, Otto was a damn good—” "Stop," I couldn’t take it so I interrupted him. “Sorry, I need to go get coffee.” I quickly got up and maneuvered around chairs and desks to the break room.

As soon as I entered the break room, which consisted of a table, a fridge, and metallic themed a coffee maker, I closed my eyes and exhaled my frustrations about Otto. I opened my eyes and started pouring my coffee. Naturally, my mind began to wander. “You know, I wouldn’t be so jealous of Otto if he was a real human, and not just a group of otters in a trench coat. But, for some odd reason, the fact remains: Otto is just a few otters in human’s clothing and everyone believes he’s a human. Not only do they believe he’s a human, but a competent one who’s more talented than me. Bullocks!” My coffee finished pouring and I brought myself back to normal. Cool. Calm. Collected.

I went back to my desk and Kyle immediately starts talking about how Otto crushed it in karaoke last night. Kyle said, “He was a *dam* good singer.” The moment Kyle uttered the word "dam" I understood exactly what he was up to. I knew his choice of words was intended to mock me. He knew that Otto was otters, he knew that I knew that Otto was otters, and he knew that I thought that he thought that Otto was human, and he toyed with me. He was attempting to make me feel crazy.

I sternly grabbed Kyle by the collar and firmly told him “You’re going to tell me the truth right now. I know you know.” Kyle seemed fear stricken, he must have not expected my sudden outburst. He probably expected me to retort passively. My voice was slowly raising, “Otters, man. Fuckin’ otters!” I yelled at him, “Otto is otters!” Everybody was listening now. But what did it matter? Everybody already knew, they were just too scared to say anything about Otto being otters. I wasn’t going to be shy, at least not anymore. “OTTO IS OTTERS!” I yelled. At that moment, passion overcame me. I walked over to Otto, still yelling, and ripped off his clothing. There he was. There they were. Standing, just as I’d thought. A totem pole of three otters. “SEE?” I yelled, “OTTERS DAMMIT!” I had finally proven it: the guy that everybody was in love with was truly three otters standing on each other’s shoulders. I took a sigh of relief. But, to my surprise, everybody continued to act as if Otto was a real, human man. They were, once again, sympathizing with him, not me. As my psyche began to sink, a couple of guys in the office tackled me to the ground, held me down, and retrieved Otto’s clothes from me. They continued to hold me, face to the floor. “Fuckin’ pervert!” one of them yelled at me. It was only a matter of minutes before the cops arrived.

It’s been a few months since the incident. Now I’m in a place that I cannot leave. I don’t belong here. I know I don’t. I’m wrongly kept. I know I am. I’m surrounded by otters. My doctors are otters, my nurses are otters, even my new friends are otters; everybody is otters except for me and I’m forced to respond to them and pretend that they’re human. 