It seemed like a good idea at the time. How could she possibly limit herself to the sheets of glass and metal in her basement any longer? No, no, no. Amelia desired a public display. Of course in hindsight she should have known the consequences. But once an idea got into her head, she had to execute the action. So she took her trusty rake, the green paint worn off on the metal claws from all the times she used it at home. She just had to use it out in the sun. So placed it in the trunk of her car and drove for a bit, looking for the right place. Eventually she came upon rows of cars parked outside an apartment complex. Perfect. Absolutely perfect.

Now everyone would see Amelia's true self. Oh how she loved the banging and the scraping of metal on glass and metal upon metal. Oh how it pleased her so. Parking her car, she took her rake out and walked over to her first victim. A 2015 Subaru Outback. She thought of a painful memory. Then another. Then another.

*Crack.*

That was a good swing, she thought. She laid down another. Another. Another! She cackled. She scraped the rake along the door, leaving a series of silver scars. She out a joyful sigh at her work. It was beautiful. Before moving onto her next victim, she reversed her grasp and stabbed the passenger window with the handle. The metal tipped she placed on there worked magnificently.

By the time Amelia moved on to her third victim she had already earned an audience. She bit her lip, her eye twitching. They were all watching. Wonderful, she thought! She hopped onto the hood of the Ford F-150 so everyone could get a better look at her. She dragged the rake across the windshield as if she was gathering leaves. She marveled at what exquisite cuts she was leaving behind. She shivered in delight, licking her lips.

"What the hell, lady!?"

Amelia turned to see a well built man carrying a couple of tool boxes. The owner of the truck no doubt. She didn't want trouble, from the truck owner or from the police officers he was making a call to on his smartphone. Leaping down from the hood, she ran at a quickened pace. Not very far however. She only turned the corner onto the next street to find another row of parked cars. In the corner of her eye, she saw it: 2009 Mazda 6. She squealed.

*WHACK.*

That was her hardest swing yet. She jabbed the handle into the driver's door. Such smooth dents. She landed a few more good whacks, scraped up the rear windshield, and broke a taillight. More people were staring now. From the side walk, from the streets, from the coffee shops, and even from every floor of the apartments! She felt so naughty. So very, very naughty!

"M'am, drop the rake!" came a voice from behind, "Place your hands on your head and get down on the ground!"

That was when the first moment of regret came in. The second moment came when she turned her attention back to the Mazda. The officer yelled again. She twisted her body in his direction. Amelia froze when jolts of electricity coursed throughout her body, the rake slipping from her grasp onto the pavement. She soon followed, landing face first on the rough metal claw, scratching her face.

It was worth it though. Sure, Amelia had a police record now, but she loved every single second of how it came to be.