"I told you they were deranged."

Khala had never met a human before. Even after the explosive news of their existence had broken ten years ago, interactions between the primates and the established civilisations of the galaxy had been sparse. Something about their feral intensity and the sheer freakish youth of their kind was too much for the Hola'i, the Zadaians and, well, pretty much everyone. On top of that, her own work was in theoretical population limit theory, rather than the applied work that now revolved almost entirely around the discovery of that wet blue planet and the maniacs somehow living on every corner of it. She'd only agreed to this meeting as a courtesy; Albara the Raindrop had asked her to, and it would have been rude to refuse her mentor. Still, she couldn't quite believe Albara had brought her to hear this madness.

"It's not deranged, Albara, just the product of a different outlook. You and Khala are looking at me like this because a Hola'i or a Shostaran would indeed have to be legitimately crazy to start thinking about this. It's so far outside the boundaries of what you think of as science that you treat it as inviolable, a natural law-"

Khala couldn't listen to this any longer. "It is a natural law, you lunatic! Your existence is the most comprehensive proof we've ever had of it!"

The human turned to her, pupils dilating and nostrils flaring slightly. Gods, thought Khala, but I'd almost prefer to be speaking to a proper predator with massive teeth and muscles. These creatures treat everything in the universe as a hunt; I can smell the adrenaline coming off her and see her brain waiting to trap me in my own words. "But a natural law is only a natural law once we can find the explanation for it. We still don't know the why of the hard sapience limit, but your most recent publication gives us a clue."

Khala and Albara both did the species equivalent of a blink. 

"Your mathematics are bulletproof, Khala, and they lead to a clear conclusion: the sapience limit is not possible without an organising intelligence directing it from outside. Something exists outside our universe, and it sets the rules. And as a human, I'm not a big fan of rules. I know your species - and the other Connected civilisations - tend to be very careful about following the rules, but it's time to shake that off. You have a choice. We can either work together to remove the sapience limit by breaking out of this universe and dealing with whatever operates it, or you can all go back to hoping the human population remains stable for the rest of time."

Khala thought. Everything the human said was right, crazy though it sounded. She glanced at Albara and could tell his thought process was leading to the same conclusion. "We're in."

The human grinned, teeth bared in a signal to her fellow hunters. Khala felt an impossible thrill as she realised she'd become the first of her species ever to hunt. "Let's go find God and murder Him."