I was 25 years old when they eventually enforced it as common law, for about 2 years before we had the protests, a few riots but low and behold the shit still passed. Took a little while for people to grab hold of the idea but once those early hitters started hitting the theory became practical pretty quick. At first the victims were abusive ex boyfriends, cheaters, drunk driving killers, suspected pedophiles plus a couple of tyrannical bosses, what you'd expect. Then the reports were coming in that teachers were killing kids, kids were killing parents, fathers killed by sons and mothers killing daughters. People stopped talking to each other overnight, shit scared to say the wrong thing to a person with a killing of right left, problem is it was so crazy in the early days nobody kept track of who killed who, only the Administration of National Honor Killing (ANHK) held those records so it was a guessing game. The first killing of right I ever saw was on the roads, I indicated right on my usual way to work one morning when 2 cars collided, the car in front braked too hard, the guy who braked too hard wasn't a day over 20 if that, the guy who smashed into him was around 50, build thick like a farmhand. Old farm hand jumps out the car instantly and before anybody had an idea of what was going on he'd dragged this poor young man from the driving seat and proceeded to smash his face into the tarmac as if he were violently deflating a football. I got myself out the car subconsciously and tried to intervene but just as I got in reach a traffic officer restrained me, He told me “Listen here sir we've already checked the license on our records through the plate, this man is well within his rights to kill this man”. I was speechless, as I was being restrained another officer came and stood next to us, all 3 of us watched this farmhand mash that young mans skull into mince meat, after he was done he wiped his hands on his t-shirt, straightened out his pants while profusely panting then got in his car and drove away. I stayed on the highway for about an hour after that, I couldn't get the noise his skull made on every beat to the tarmac, took me a few months to get my head round it but after a few more instances of watching people get murdered you kind of get used to it. Fast forward 2 years and I'm cruising to work, by this point the only people who hadn't used their killing of right were children and nice people or those saving it for the right time. The population had taken a massive drop and the economy was better than ever, for the first time in a long time I felt normal, I hadn't seen anyone brutally murdered in a while and abolishing the killing of right was gaining traction in the remains of government, and they were some bastards that near on ended themselves. At the exact same set of traffic lights I'd been at 2 years prior I was minding my own business waiting for the lights to change, in the peripheral of my eye I see the next car pull up, I gave him a look and went back to the light. As if completely taken by a earthquake my whole being shuddered, the guy in the car next to me was none other than the skull crushing farmhand, he caught my eye and I his, I nodded and he smiled and nodded back. The lights changed and the farm hand turned right. I normally go left here, but I indicated right.