I had dreamed of this moment my whole life - eight hundred thirty-six years of hard work and late nights in the lab were about to become worth it. 

As I stepped onto the landing dock, I became the youngest Blarg to ever set foot on the face of Planet Earth.

I was ushered into headquarters quickly; the pilot had told me that I was needed immediately at Mission Central as we were landing. There was, after all, a reason they had picked me to come to Planet Earth out of all of Blargon 7 - nobody else had dedicated as much time to learning how the humans had communicated.

Rumor had it that they had somehow lost the ability to speak, and had turned to "text messages;" I, however, believed they had multiple forms of communication. There was evidence of visuals supported by text, sometimes even visuals that moved - a snapshot to chat. 

"Welcome," an older Blarg said as we walked into what was clearly Mission Central. "We have been waiting. Please come with me."

My jaw dropped. This had to be the famous Commander Al-Eb, the first to have found evidence of electricity on Planet Earth. She was the reason we were here - she believed that if there was electricity, there might be more. I scurried after her, barely able to contain myself.

"Look at this," the Commander said when we arrived at a large computer screen. "What can it possibly mean?"

There was nothing I could do but stare, and gape. This wasn't possible. And yet...there it was. A box of text glowed on the screen. This was real, fresh communication.

ICLOUD STORAGE FULL

I had been prepared for a picture, maybe some sort of records of old communication - not this. This was beyond my wildest dreams. Someone was trying to speak to Blargon.

Another box popped up, and I jumped back, startled. 

YOU HAVE ONE NEW MESSAGE

My heart was pounding, so hard I felt it in my ears. "They are here! Someone - somewhere - someone is speaking to us!"

"Yes, we believe so," the Commander said, and I could hear the air of thrill in her voice as well. "That is your sole mission - we need you to speak back."

My hands shook as I touched the screen where the message box had appeared. Immediately, an entirely new application opened onscreen. There was an icon of an envelope, with 4067382 beside it, bold and bright red.

"Do you think..."

"We do believe the humans have been attempting correspondence. An entity named Spam appears to be reaching out - the majority of the messages are in a folder labeled as such."

My mouth was practically watering at the prospect of dissecting all of these messages, and finally crafting a response. The first of many intergalactic interactions.

"Go ahead - open the first." 

I clicked, and the message appeared in a new window:

YOU FORGOT SOMETHING! ITEM LEFT IN CART - SAVE 30% NOW!

I stepped back. What could this mean? I had no idea where to begin. This had all been a dream to me just moments before. 

I did know one thing, though: humankind was not gone; they were out there, somewhere, asking for saving.

And it had just become my job to save them.