"Happy Anniversary, my love!"

Jessie turned to look at me, her deep red hair and gorgeous green eyes accenting her face as a smile full of excitement spread across it. She looked to see roses in my arms, and tickets to the ballet. "Ballad of the Twin Krakens", a play she had communicating wanting to see for the last ten years of our marriage. It was always sold out, except this time, when I got the last tickets.

"Simon! Thank you!"

She ran over, and wrapped her arms around me, and pulled me in for a tight hug.

"I got you something as well," she shouted as she up stairs to our bed room.

I waited in our white walled living room, full of earthy colored furniture. "Get dressed while you're up there, it starts in an hour and half!" I shouted.

The sound of moving footsteps intensified.

Half an hour later she walked down stairs. She took my breath away, in her green satin dress, and her hair pulled back into an elegant braid which made her appear like a beauty from a fairy tale. She ran down and shoved a small box wrapped in some kind of shiny material women love to use.

I tore it open to find a new wallet. The photo pockets were full of pictures of our family. Our three boys Jason, Timothy, Richard, and our daughter Stephanie. I said thank you, and kissed her.

"We need to go! It's across town, my love!" I said as I grabbed her hand and pulled her to the car.

The drive was a blur. In fact, we didn't remember much about it except how happy Jessie felt to finally see this ballet. We entered the ballet, which we were sure was made of some kind of beige brick and covered in lights. But it wasn't our focus, so we didn't give it much attention. We just wanted to get to our seats.

Finally we entered some big doors, and our seats were before us. It was a balcony seat. I held Jessie's hand in mine, and stared into her eyes, and told her again, "I love you so much. Thank you for spending these ten long years with me!" She kissed me, and we turned to see what was happening as the music began to play.

\---

Jessie blinked, looking around. The lights were off, and she was laying in her bed. Rain poured outside and beat against the roof of the single floor house. She pulled back the covers, showing some plain green pajamas, the same color of the dress she had been wearing moments ago. In the dream.

She walked to the living room to see her husband, Alvin, sitting right where she had left him. Staring at a football game. Except the one he had been watching before ended, and now he was watching another. She turned to go check on her kids, a habit made up of checking on them for the last 10 years. Jessie paused...

She let out a long sigh, and turned to hear towards the kitchen. There were no children to check on. Alvin had had a vasectomy before they had even got married, a fact he had neglected to tell her till they had tried to have children for two years straight. One night she broke down in distress, a crying mess, and her husband let the truth out. Yelling and shouting ensued, and finally she relented to her situation. Alvin had never wanted children, but he had been terrified to tell her the truth because he had been scared she wouldn't have married him if she knew. The truth was she probably wouldn't have. She yearned for the family she dreamed about most nights. Was it a blessing, or a curse? She dreamed about them for years now.

Simon Kings, a young man she had scorned in college, and whose affections she had rebuffed. Nothing about him was as glamorous as she had envisioned herself having in her life. He was a nerd, loved comics, and video games, and went on to have a successful career as a software engineer. Instead she married Alvind Daggerfell. He had an awesome last name, a football scholarship for a business degree he finished a long time ago, and rippling biceps. His smile once made her melt in his arms. But now? He hadn't taken her on a date in over eight years. Despite working long hours, he would spend all his free time on beer and sports.

She closed her eyes, thinking about the dreams. Her life in the dreams was wonderful. Simon probably had grown into every bit the man she was in her dreams. She sat down at the kitchen table and only wondered, the same thing she had wondered again and again. "Did I make a mistake...?" She put her head down, and cried.

\---

I opened my eyes, some distance away. I live alone, and sleep on a twin bed because I felt a larger one wasn't comfortable. I sat up, and walked over to my computer which was still compiling some code for a project I am working on.

I sighed, and rubbed my eyes.

"If only it were real, right Jessie?"

My hand opened the drawer, and pulled out a notebook. I dated it, and began to write:

"I don't do this to her because I hate her. I never married because I couldn't get over her. She was all I ever longed for. Am I a stalker? I don't know. I haven't seen her since she rejected me. At least not outside the dream. I'll never forget that first night when I became lucid. Then I discovered I could enter dreams. Her dreams. They were dark, and so full of anger. At first I just took the dreams over, to give her something happy to dream about. Something to look forward to sleep for. By the end of the first year I didn't even need to control the dream any more, beyond myself. I just let them happen. The children in the dream exist because she wanted them to. Tonight we went to the ballet because she wished for it. My lucidity gives me the ability to exert myself, and give her dreams shape and bring them into being. But they are her wishes. Every now and then I just let her dream, without interference, and she dreams about her life as it really is. Of Alvin, and the waste of a man she considers him to be. Then I step in, and return our world, mine and hers. And she smiles. But I wonder, in giving her this fake happiness, have I made her more miserable?"

I smiled, and put the book away. Truth was, I loved it. Every moment of it. She made me miserable by choosing him. She made herself miserable by now choosing me in her dreams. And I didn't care, because it was the only way I could get what I wanted. The night was young, and she would sleep again. And I would be there. Ready. At least after I checked how my project was doing.

The screen popped up an error, "Missing Braces", apparently on line 4155. Well, maybe I wouldn't be there again tonight as I had to get this working for my job. But, I would be there later. I grinned, and got to work. I would always be there again later.