Was this really it? A few moments ago, we all screamed while we opened fired, thinking we were dead meat. Now, the fucking thing is dead. Godly my ass.

My squad mates were currently reloading, while I poked the large creature with the barrel of my AR-15. The thing had four bug-like eyes (one of them was shot), and six arms. It had a tail like a scorpion, and had quells all over its back. It was a freaky sight for its blank emotionless eyes always seemed to be alive in a way. I pulled out my pistol and shot the remaining eyes out.

"Thank you. I was thinking the same. Those eyes were giving me the chills." Said Darrel as he walked up with his pump-action shotgun tangling from his side.

"Yeah..." I said quietly as I looked at the hideous creature, and its puddle of blood. I noticed how darkly colored the blood was. It was almost black.

Before I was lost in thought, Darrel commented.

"It is interesting how the guys upstairs were so paranoid. I knew the whole thing was dumb. Ancient gods? Back then, anything was considered a god for one reason or another... Well, at least nukes won't have to be used; just good old fashioned lead." Darrel said before walking closer to the corpse and delivering a kick to its head before lighting a cigarette.

"Yeah. We have a fighting chance." I said without enthusiasm. The creatures maybe mortal but they sure can still be terrifying. A human can easily be torn apart by one of the things.

I looked behind the corpse of the creature to see the doors it came through. The doors lead to the lower levels of the base, most of which were no longer in use. Did this thing dug its way into that area? I thought briefly. More were likely there and I had the thought of a nest. The idea of a nest of the things disturbed me. I could imagine a group of them pilling over one another, scrambling among themselves like ants. I gotten goosebumps from the imagery.

Darrel placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Hey, we should get moving. I think we should go to the armory, get some explosives, you know, or whatever?" Darrel said.

Darrel moved his hand away and started ordering the others. He then spoke into a radio phone to contact others in the base. There were indeed some squads left. Mostly everyone had moved to the surface or just the higher levels.

Darrel started to argue with someone on the radio. It was amusing since he was possibly talking to his rival, Jonah. The two were competitive back in the academy, where they met.

"Bull! You didn't kill five, Jonah! I'll-"

It was indeed Jonah. I decided to interrupt Darrel by taking the radio from his hands.

"Now is not the time for that, Darrel. Let's get out of here."

We got ready and headed out of the room to a concrete hallway left of us from the corpse. In the distance, we heard the echoes of gun shots, some coming from the vents.

We arrived at the end of the hallway, and turned a corner right into another hallway. At the end were large steel doors. As we approached, loud banging came from the doors. Then, noticeable dents began to form before tearing apart, revealing sharp claws. The door was starting to be pried open by something. Everyone quickly got into a defensive position, waiting to fire at whatever is about to come.

The doors were then opened, revealing only a pitch black room, and hands that were gripped to the doors, being lit by the lights of the hallway. The hands were covered in red stains, assuming it was blood. A foot stepped out and the creature revealed itself into the light. It looked like the earlier creature, except it was more reptilian and had no tail like a scorpion. The tail was like any other lizard, except for three spiked horns at the tip.

The creature roared and we started to open fire.