I opened my eyes. Did I fall asleep? Something felt different, but I couldn't point out what it was. Meanwhile, I heard people talking in the room, and I saw a bunch of shapeless blobs in front of me. Wait... *I saw*. In that specific second my memories of the past few days returned. 

I came to this hospital, because a doctor explained to me an experimental kind of surgery that might cure blindness in some people. I was very sceptical, but the hospital offered to not just do it for free, but they would even pay me for the risk. It could provide them with very useful information, even if the surgery failed to change anything. The doctor didn't mention the fame they would get if the surgery managed to work for the first time in history, but I knew it played an important role too. I could definitely use the money, so I gave it a try, even though my wife was originally against it. Fortunately I had always been good at persuading people, and after some resistance she gave up and allowed me to call the hospital. They were so eager that I was able to get the surgery only two days after I called.

I was still 'looking around', for the first time in my life, when I heard a familiar voice call my name. I looked in the direction of where the sound came from, one of the blurred shapes that contrasted against the background. "So this is what it means to see?" Was the first thing I asked the doctor. It wasn't exactly how I imagined it. The doctor, doctor Rupert, talked back to me: "Don't worry Michael, your vision still has to develop, which could take at least a few hours. How are you feeling?" "Good, I guess. I don't feel any pain." I replied. "Good, good." Doctor Rupert mumbled as I heard him scribble down a few quick notes. "Listen." He said. "In about two hours we're going to do a couple of tests, to check the results of the surgery. Meanwhile you can talk to your wife, she's waiting just outside the room." The doctor tried to sound as calm and professional as possible, but I could easily hear the restrained enthousiasm in his voice.  

As I was talking to Melinda, I gradually noticed changes in my vision: Blurred shapes became sharper, there was more contrast, and a lamp taught me the meaning of light and dark. Most of it didn't have any meaning to me until Melinda let me touch various objects, and also her face. My brain needed the simultaneous stimuli to connect new brain paths that other people had developed before they could even talk. After a while, I understood the concept of light and dark, of shapes, and of movement, but I just couldn't grasp the idea of colors. Meanwhile  I noticed that some part of my vision was still developing, and everything I saw seemed to slowly change in a way I couldn't explain. Regardless I was completely blown away by the fact that I had not been able to see (or even imagine what it would be like) for 34 years, and today I suddenly wasn't a blind person anymore? It felt like my mind was still catching up, and the full realization wouldn't kick in for another few hours.  

Some time later the doctors came to me with what I had already learned were sheets of paper, and some pictures on them. They asked me to point at certain things, to choose from lists, to match parts with others, and judging by their expressions, they were very happy with my answers. Throughout the process, I was starting to finally understand the concept of 'colors' a bit, and the room had become much more colorful to my eyes than before. The last test involved me looking outside a window, which was extremely overwhelming to me at first, but we took it slow. I could hear rain and saw an extremely bright light on my left, and my mind instantly made the new connection between the sounds and the visuals. "Actually, this isn't a real part of the test, but we wanted to show you something amazing." Doctor Rupert said with a big grin on his face. I had an idea of what he was talking about, but didn't know where to look at, until he pointed to the right, somewhere in the endless sky.  

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was a huge arc-like shape containing a seemingly infinite amount of colors. At that time I didn't realize it, but I must have skipped a full minute of blinking, and my mouth had been wide open the whole time. I didn't want to look away, but there were so many colors at once that it almost overstimulated my brain. The doctors asked me to see if I could point out the individual colors on this 'rainbow'. My brain refused to connect the word I had known for a long time to this incredibly surreal experience, but I chose to ignore the feeling and fulfill the last task. I could point out red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, indigo and purple, but something wasn't right. I presumed it was just a mistake, or maybe a bad joke, but then I saw their smiles disappear when I asked them why they left out every color before red and after purple.

&#x200B;

*(Please let me know if this made any sense or if you have any tips/feedback. I had an idea in my mind but I'm not sure if I executed it right since I don't have much writing experience.)*