I was just waking up when my friend Lizo knocked at the outside door of the studio at the rear of my house. Or maybe it was the knocking that woke me up. You know how that is. I got up from the chaise longue and let him in.

Lizo is like, "Were you still asleep, Olga?" 

Sun streamed cheerfully through the broad windows that faced my backyard. "What time is it?"

"It's almost noon."

"I'm not even sure if I feel rested or not."

Lizo looked at the easel in the middle of the room and then at me. "Jesus, Olga, this painting! Is this another one of the ones you don't even recall doing?"

I looked at it. "I haven't been able to remember doing any of my paintings for the last six months or so, I guess. I go into this trance as soon as I start. And without the trance I can't even paint." I took a long look at the new painting. "Hmm. Bit of a gruesome subject, this one."

"Well, yeah. But six months ago, you were painting from a happy place - pictures of halcyon and comforting scenes - lovely pastures, fields full of flowers and sunlight, happy children cavorting and whatnot. Then three weeks ago or so it was suddenly different. Or maybe gradually and I just didn't see it coming. I'm not sure. But there was the one with the children sitting in a fancy executive type office and they've just slit the throat of a man in a suit. And the week after that there was the little children with bricks crushing their heads as they skipped through a dark alley. And then the others every week or so, each one getting even worse than the previous ones. And now this."

"They did sell well, though," I pointed out.

Lizo nodded. "Yeah, we made a lot money from those."

"Yeah, the nice pictures weren't that popular."

"They did okay but not like these."

"Well, Lizo, can we sell this one or is it finally just too over the top and gross?"

"Well, you can probably sell it, I suppose, but where would any normal person put something like this?"

"Are you saying I'm not normal?" I moved towards him and put my arms around him, pressing my face to his. He moved his head a little and kissed me on the lips. It was wonderful. My body pressed against his, our arms around each other, absorbed and gloating in our body heat.

He whispered in my ear. "I like you just the way you are. I always have." He paused and then pulled his face back from mine before he continued. "I just hope we don't end up like what's in that painting."

