I am at work, but i’m not working, there’s no work.

It's Just me and and an insect in lime-green & black climbing my hand.

‘’You know, let me tell you something as I am Death itself, little friend’’

I move my hand closer to my face to take a better look at the bug.

‘’You see, your destiny isn’t predetermined until it’s your turn to have a go with my little gold coin here, which is when your hourglass is about to run out...

and if that is the case then I flip the coin on your behalf and the 50/50 outcome decides if I should turn your hourglass upside down, thus giving you more time... or let it run out. ’’ 

It was clear to me that there still were quite some time until I had to make the coin flip for this bug, but I couldn’t help myself, to see what the fate would have been for my little bug friend if it happened to be his time at this moment. 

I flip the coin in the air, but my sudden movement made the bug fly away, 

my eyes follow the bug as I missed catching the coin and it rolls down the gap between my desk and the wall. 

‘’Aaaah that’s just great’’ I sigh..

I haven’t cleaned under my desk for years, I don’t look forward to crawling down there

&#x200B;

**During cleaning, Death finds a dust covered Hourglass**

&#x200B;

As I stood up, I saw my own reflection smile back at me and I wondered why..

But I had this thought, 

that maybe I should just run away...fly as fast as I can, and wake up, 

like none of it ever happened.

No memories of it left, like I was never there.

Clenching the empty hourglass in my hand I sat down in my chair,

leaning back as my eyes watch the billions of dots that dance around when the light is dim

Before I knew it I already wanted to ask you something,

however I’m not sure you will have an exact answer, 

or rather, I’m sure you won’t have one. 

‘’Why must anything even exist?’’

At this point I realize I don't even have sight anymore , it’s just dark

and there’s nobody to soothe my rising distress, so I continue

‘’I believe that Life is a response’’ I gasp as it gets harder to breathe ‘’A response to the fact... that nothingness can't exist, and nothingness can’t exist without existence... reality is nothingness and life at the same time, and that explains how I can live ...because I am... Death’’

&#x200B;

&#x200B;