


Dan Sorkin, remembered, he remembered looking down from  the research station at the smoldering brown planet he had once called home. He remembered the years he had spent alone in that tin can circling the now dead world that had been humanities cradle until finally, It came. 

At first he was terrified the station shuddered with the impact. He prayed that this would be the end that finally something would put him out of his wretched existence. Only the silence of space greeted his prayers. 

"Air lock override engaged" said the pre-taped voice of the stations computer. The sound of vents opening and mechanical grinding filled the station. Dan stood  facing the airlock eyes closed, arms outstretched, ready to embrace what thought would be his end.

When he opened his eyes he was in white room or at least he thought it was a room it had no windows or doors and no discernable shape. He stood there blinking in they bright white light of this place. As he squinted he could see in front of him a strange figure.

To him it appeared to be a twisted mass of roots and vines dull green in color. It Sprouted up from the floor to the ceiling. He stared dumbfounded, suddenly although he heard nothing words and thoughts rushed into his head.

"I am the Fallow, I am the fallow"
 The words continued ringing through his head until he was compiled to speak.
"Dan" he stammered, struggling to talk after years of silence.

"You are the messenger, the Fallow has seen your world, you are the messenger."

"What?" croaked Dan utterly confused.

"You will spread the truth to the others, you are the messenger."

"I don't understand"

"Why are your people gone? Why does your world burn?"

"We destroyed or selves
 out of greed . We let ourselves fall to endless consumption until we consumed our selves and our world."

"You are the messenger your story is message. From it they will learn."

"Who will?"

"You will see."


And see he had. They had traveled to dozens of worlds many were already lost. But there were some who heard the story of earths fate. Heard how we had taken a lush paradise and through years of ‘progress’ years of ‘development’ poisoned the air, the water, and in the end our very DNA. Humanity had castrated itself and the planet. We thought our technology would save us that some miraculous device would save us from the consequences of our actions. Our salvation never came and humanity faded away.  

His mind snapped back into the present. He lay in a oblong oval shaped pod. His long white hair hung around his head like a silver crown.  His limbs were frail and spidery and in his extreme old age he could barely move.

He heard The Fallow's words ring through his head.
“Messenger they have come to seek guidance.”

Into the room walked four representatives of the worlds that had accepted his message; The Yaro of system b78921 an amphibian species that had evolved in the temperate regions of there home planet, The Jakoul of system b2476 an insect like species who had evolved as the apex predator on there world, The Glomb of system bh346592 a lifeform that to Dan resembled a jello mound except they glowed an eerie blue color, The Oct of system b214567, the squid like species who had evolved deep in the oceans of their home planet. 

"But where the others?" he thought. 

The Fallow answered “messenger they are gone wiped out by craft of unknown origin.”

“Show me,” he thought.

Suddenly the room faded away and lay alone in the vacuum of space. In front of him he saw the home world of the Dra-ku a reptile species that populated a lush jungle world. He could see the fires on the planets surface and he could feel the death of thousands inside his mind. As he watched in horror he saw it a massive object moving from the far side of the planet into open view. A steel grey disk slowly rotating as it reigned death down on the planet bellow. The craft moved slowly closer and then he saw it. Etched in the top of the craft a swastika. His mind recoiled in horror and he found himself back in the room.

How could this be, for so long he had thought he was the last survivor of humanity. 

“So they are your people I have told the others,”The Fallow spoke.

“Wait  pleaded Dan they are not my people they are pure evil, I am not like them,” he pleaded.

The Jackoul clicked angrily approaching him and with one swift swipe of his pincers cleaved Dan’s head from his body.

Fin
