Away from the Galleria dell'Accademia, you can still see the David in miniature form. Walk past the touristy part of Florence, through the lines at the Duomo, across the Ponte Vecchio, and there's another statue on the other side of the Arno river. It's not nearly as grand, of course, but you get a nice view of the city and it's free - so it's worth the tradeoff, I think.

The name's Marco Vizio. I work for AISI - the Italian equivalent of the FBI. Currently, I was sitting under the multi-colored awning of a jewelry store waiting for my contact. As I saw the crowd squint their eyes when gazing upon the sun setting over the Arno, I felt a little claustrophobic. The crowd itself wasn't that big a deal, but a big crowd compounded with the glare of sun in my eyes really bothered me. I guess it's the sniper in me - I preferred an apartment with a view and my Sako TRG over the option of sipping my espresso amidst tourists any day.

He was late. I wasn't sure who I was looking for, but the my boss - the general - had told me to take a sip from my espresso, look over my left shoulder, and toss the drink out behind my back at 4 PM sharp. According to the Panerai timepiece on my hand, it was 4:02. A little flashy, I know, but it's my get-out-of-jail free item. Something I picked up while working the underground awhile back, something I could pawn if I ever got in major trouble. It's not likely with Berlusconi gone, but you never know. It's always good to have options.

"Marco?"

I felt like jumping out of my skin. Jesus Christ himself would have fainted, thank St. Christopher for my training. A short man with pudgy fingers and a goatee that didn't belong on his face had snuck up on me.

"Polo." I tried to convey indifference when I said the words, but the edge in my voice must have been as sharp as a razor. Christ almighty, no one had ever snuck up on me like that before.

"Didn't mean to startle you. Our mutual friend said you'd be ok."

"You're late." I tried to retake control of the meeting. I was a decorated sniper; this clown was useful, sure, but he couldn't think he was better than me.

"Apologies. I found some nice shots on the way."

Was he a sniper too? Subconsciously, my shoulders moved back and my chest puffed out.

"Yeah?" Easy, Marco, I told myself. Assert dominance. 

"The angle's the thing for me. Get the right angle, the right lighting, and the distance doesn't matter."

The pudgy man broke into the kind of dumb grin I hadn't seen on my face since I lost my virginity.

"You're a shooter, too? That's exactly the point I always try to tell people - lighting is so essential. Even if a target is hundreds of yards apart, the right lighting allows me to capture it perfectly."

Hundreds of yards? I began pacing as the two of us made our way into a little pub off the bridge. Shit. I'd need a couple rounds to compose myself. 

"Hey? Are you ok?" The man had caught me sweating.

"Can I help?"

I didn't know if he could.