My alarm was ringing loudly, it's 6:50 am. i woke up with a splitting headache, i couldn't get a decent sleep all night. the guys from the other room were having a party all night. it was only until 3'am this morning that they stopped shouting.

I looked over to Lissie's bed, she was sleeping soundly like an angel. i wonder how she was able to sleep through all of that when i actually feared they would bring the house down with their loud music. i looked over to the small table by my bed. there was an envelope there, i was shocked because it wasn't there the night before. when i opened it, it was loaded with cash, Lissie already dropped her own share of the rent. She was never late and though she had some really awkward behaviors, i would not be fooled into thinking she was an alien.

Aliens? yea right? i'm not a seven-year old who believes in those stuff. i just think she has some psychological disorder which makes her act strangely.

As i flipped through the money,( not like i was counting it, she was never a naira short, i just enjoyed the way new naira notes smelled. don't judge me, you have your own crazy habits too.) i saw she had left a piece of paper there, a note that read;

"Dear Oyin,

This is my share of the rent. thank you for your co-operation. you've accommodated me and also schooled me in your ways. though i can never understand why your kind gladly push things down their bodies through their mouth and call it 'food', or why you display your teeth and call it a 'smile', or why your eyes leak and you think it's normal, i'm grateful to have learnt. You've given us the necessary information we need to take over your species.

i would miss you, if only i knew what that means. that is another 'earthly thing' i cannot get, not in a million years. My kind will be fully present on your planet in 5hours. Brace yourself for impact.

by the way, just so you know. this letter would self destruct in 20 seconds. i've seen you run before, i know you suck at it. that's why i've added 10 extra seconds. see you on the other side, do surrender peacefuly. i will be glad to return the favor, accommodate you and school you in our ways".

Your co-habitant,

Lissie.

I was shocked, i turned to look at the 'angel' in bed but all i saw were remains of a body that was once Lissie's. i didn't know how much seconds i had left, all i remember is a touch and then blackout.

i opened my eyes, i was still alive, my alarm was ringing loudly. it was 7'am. i looked to the table by my side, there was an envelope there. i flipped through quickly, there was no letter from Lissie, only the exact amount for the rent. i looked over Lissie's bed, she was not there. Just then the door opened,

it was no alien, it was no monster but my beautiful room mate walking in with a tray. she had made pancakes for breakfast.

"you were really drunk last night, i knew you would be spent by this morning so i got up early to make you break fast, hope you like it, now get up and eat. you'd be late for class" Lissie winked at me.

I was right after all, there is no such thing as aliens. or is there?

guys, help me out. Was that a dream, or a secret message?