Rain beat down on Camilla as she slammed her fist into the side of Tanner's face and screamed, "You weak piece of shit!"

Tanner sputtered and tried to topple her, but she was straddling him, locking his arms at his sides, "Get off me, you fat bitch!"

Camilla centered his head with one hand and drilled her other elbow across his face. Blood spurted from his nose and lips. "Give me the amulet!"

Tanner gave her a bloody grin, "I can't right now, maybe in a day or two."

“You are disgusting.”

“Yeah, well a little shark gave me the idea.”

“Dammit!” She straightened his head again and this time gave him a backhanded slap.

He knew she couldn’t stand sharks! Her curse, Tor'omol, was a damn shark and she could only block him physically with her spells. But he could still talk. Starting with threats he luckily got bored and moved to ask questions about her past, life, and family. She didn’t know others could hear him too. Did the demon orchestrate this whole thing? Camilla grunted and wrapped her hands around Tanner’s throat.

He had tricked her, tried to kill her, and stole her power, leaving her dead in Arizona. But the bastard was weak, or stupid, he didn't finish the deed. Camilla survived the wounds he'd inflicted and tracked him to the Everglades of all places. Idiot knew she hated being near water. Not that he thought she was even alive.

The shark had given her radio silence as she slept and healed. Leaving her at peace from his deep, threatening, and almost sexy voice in her dreams. He often tried to pull out her deepest secrets like he was some demonic therapist. Instead, the week was soothing and full of tranquility. The sounds of the ocean and the songs of its inhabitants made her feel safe for once.

Tanner's struggles against her heavy body and hands grew weaker. The ripples in the shallow pool of water they were in began to subside to only the splashes from the rain. Looking away from the fading light of his eyes, she saw the body of the security guard Tanner had killed.

The man was only doing his job in patrolling the park. When she’d made it there, Tanner had bashed the man in the bottom of his skull with such force, he dropped instantly. He deserved some justice for what the callous fucker did to him.

Camilla let go and Tanner gasped for air. The light in his eyes flared to life as he coughed between heavy intakes of air. She got up and yanked him to his feet, "Looks like there are some laxatives and jail time in your future."

She pushed him to move forward and reached for her knife from the sheath on her thigh. Grasping nothing, her heart jumped as Tanner spun and the glint of the knife caught the light. Camilla teetered, avoiding his first strike and tripped over the security guard.

Tanner held the knife above his head in both hands, "That fish can forget his plans!”

A large dark figure slammed into Tanner, cutting his yells short. The sound of bones crunching was deafening over the rain as they disappeared into the ground. An impossible task aided by the magic of the curse. Camilla knew better, they had been in the water too long. The demon shark she could no longer keep at bay now had enough water to move around freely.

"Fuck!" She scrambled to her feet and snatched up her fallen knife.

They had been fighting in the clearing. Damn near the center. She would never make it to the dense trees in time. Camilla felt the emptiness in her chest filling with such force her back bowed and she roared her pleasure. She was back! At some point, the demon must have ruptured the emulate that held her power inside Tanner.

“Thank you, Tory,” Camilla whispered as she called for her grimoire. He had grown to like the nickname she’d given him, although she was only trying to take the bite out of such an intimidating name as Tor'omol. She pulled a small satchel from her belt as the old book appeared and flipped to the page she needed. The demon shark surfaced in front of her at the edge of the clearing. His glowing red eyes boring into her.

Camilla chanted as the items for the spell floated out of the bag. The incantation was simple, it was the target that made it hard. So dangerous that she memorized it as a last-ditch effort to subdue the curse a not so good friend put on her or die in its fulfillment.

The demon swam through the shallow water, his swaying movement heading straight for her. Camilla shot out her words in rapid fire and he sped up. She clapped her hands, slamming all the floating items together.

Pink fog surrounded the shark as he jumped out of the water and then dropped. A fissure of power pushed the fog from the squirming creature to the guard. Camilla's breath came in ragged drags and she watched the man’s body jerk violently then stop. The shark didn't sink into the water to torment her anew. It struggled for air until it couldn’t anymore.

Camilla hesitated, then took slow steps toward the creature. The black faded from his rough skin and his eyes went dark. She frowned. The unfortunate shark was being used by Tory. It didn’t deserve to suffer a slow death.

Camilla turned to the security guard's body. His soul long gone, his body became a fleshy prison for the persistent demon. Taking a closer look, she could see the faint red glow of the demon behind the man's cold eyes.

The words of fire whispered past her lips, but nothing happened. She tried again, the spark from her fingers didn't hold. The body had to burn. That was the rule. The demon gets put into a dead body and it has nothing to use against its target. Doomed to fail, it breaks the curse. Theoretically.

“Shit,” She kneeled and put her palm against the man's cooling chest. Calling on fire again, she pushed the spark of power as hard as she could.

Electricity rolled up her arm, forcing a scream from her lips. Camilla yanked back from what felt like a bite sawing into her arm. Was the demon fighting? A bolt of lightning ejected from the man and reached the clouds, spreading a web of light across the sky.

The clouds swirled and a void of darkness opened above them. A woman's laughter echoed from everywhere and nowhere. Camilla shuffled back as the man's body and the shark collided. The downpour turned into a waterfall as the bodies floated into the air. The torrential waters pooled into a sphere, engulfing them.

The laughter stopped as volleys of bolts hit the water. Camilla could see silhouettes of the bodies merging from the ribbons of electricity sparking through it. Bones cracked and skin became as fluid as the water as the bodies were reshaped into something new.

"Damn." Camilla turned to leave, whatever was happening couldn't be good for her.

A bolt stopped her in her tracks, "No little witch, someone wants to meet you."

It couldn't be, "Yemaya?" Camilla murmured and turned around to look to the sky.

The old gods had been absent from the lives of humans for so long, they were forgotten. Only the few that worked in magic knew they existed, somewhere. Watching and waiting for a time to step in a meddle with people at the most inopportune times.

The bubble burst, drenching Camilla even more. Her heart raced in her ears as a dark hulking figure landed with an earth-shaking thud. It advanced on her and she took a step back. The static and heat from the bolt landing behind her stopped her steps again.

"Don't run beautiful witch." A familiar deep male voice emanated from the figure. His glowing red eyes fixed on her.

A demon in front of her, bolts of lightning from a meddling sea goddess behind her, Camilla had nowhere to go. The rain stopped when he reached her. She kept her head high, facing the death many had tried to avoid.

He raised a clawed hand and caressed her chin, “I pledge my life to the witch that freed me.”

Camilla took in his handsome face with wide eyes, "Oh, damn."