I fidget in my seat and tug at the hemline of my skirt, trying to bring it past my knees. Grandma was very traditional and although she never said it, she had never approved of my dress sense. Today I look nothing like myself. My usual pastel colours have muted to black and grey in mourning. My mother sits beside me in the black cab, stuck in typical London traffic. She fiddles with the orders of service crammed into her purse and rocks my sleeping baby brother on her shoulder. Two dozen of them, enough spares for any members of the congregation who had seen the obituary in the Church newsletter. Before her passing, Grandma had picked out some of her favourite hymns to be sung at the service. A few of them were in Latin, and I suggested to my parents that we ought to take them out because it would only be the family in attendance, and none of us knew the words. But mother had insisted, 'Grandma liked things a particular way, Rosemary, we ought to respect that.'


We had never been particularly close, Grandma and I, mostly because she hated to travel anywhere she couldn't walk to and was too deaf to properly hold a conversation on her rotary dial landline phone. Things had gotten somewhat better when we had given her my old computer, but even when we skyped her, she'd pick up one of the computer speakers and shout into it the whole time. She had been delighted to receive it, though. It was the one modern convenience that she actually embraced. She said that the keyboard reminded her of her days as a secretary, typing on an expensive typewriter. She would type and print her grocery lists every day, and every last Sundays of the month, when we brought her down to Brighton for Roast Lunch, she would bring a different dish and delight to us about how *'Mr Ask Jeeves* had been ever so helpful, finding her new recipes, helping her to figure out how to work her DVD player, and generally keeping her in high spirits. A few times I had tried to explain to her that there was more to the internet than a search engine, but it was lost upon her. She was happy enough with just her friendly gentleman, Jeeves. At some point, she must have cracked Amazon, because she would let us know of deliveries from Mr Jeeves. It shocked us to hear that she had embraced online shopping, given her aversion to online banking; she was afraid that a 'computer flu' would wipe out her savings accounts.

"Just around this corner, ma'am?" The cabbie asks.

"Yes, thank you. It's a little Church, tucked away. Easy to miss."


"You might be better off walking, ma'am. There seems to be a lot of foot traffic, I don't think I'll get all the way down the road." He suggests.


"Oh goodness, is there a protest or something going on today, Rosie?" Mother asks. Not that I know of.

"Mum, they're all wearing black, have the Church double booked another funeral?" I ask. It isn't a big Church at all, and most members were elderly. Was it possible that they had misprinted the funeral details and invited mourners of another person to Grandma's funeral?


"Go on ahead and see what's going on at the Church, please, while I settle your brother." The noise of the crowd is bothering him. What are so many people doing in this sleepy corner of North London?


I get out of the car and a girl with purple hair wearing a long black dress bumps into me and I drop my purse, the contents spilling out. "Sorry, so sorry!" She apologises in a thick German accent.


"That's okay," I tell her, as she helps me to gather my phone and wallet from between the feet of the passing crowd. "What's this gathering?" I ask.


"Oh, we are here for Granny Merideth's funeral service." She tells me. I'm shocked. She looks no older than me and clearly isn't from around here.


"*My* Grandma Merideth?" I ask, in shock.


"Oh! Are you little Rosie-Posie?" She beams at me.


"How did you... how do you know my Grandma?" I demand, a bit stunned. Is this some sort of practical joke?


"She's the Twitter Granny! She chats to us all the time on Twitter. Hey, everybody! It's Granny's Rosie-Posie!" She shrieks, jumping up and down while pointing me out to the crowd. People all around us stop and stare, murmurs of excitement rising from the crowd.


"What are you all talking about?" I ask, confused.


"I think it must have started about two years ago," someone piped up. "Granny started tweeting asking someone named Jeeves for help operating the microwave, so someone tweeted her back with instructions and she kept coming back to twitter with questions and sometimes just for a chat. She's so sweet and so adorable. We were heartbroken when she tweeted, asking 'Jeeves' how to print out lyrics to hymns to pass on to her daughter as suggestions for her funeral. She let us know in her last few days that she was nearing the end of her life and invited 'Mr Jeeves' to come and pay his last respects, so we all came. The service is being live streamed to her over sixteen million followers."


Someone shoved an iPad under my nose, and there it was, my old twitter account, with 16.4 million followers, over twenty thousand tweets, and a long stream of my Grandmother's conversations with 'Jeeves' about all sorts of things.


'Mr Jeeves, what sort of seeds do you suggest I purchase for the lovely birds who sing so sweetly outside my window?'


'Mr Jeeves, it has been snowing quite heavily in England, I heard on the Radio. Are you alright?'


'Mr Jeeves, I thought you might know, what time does the new grocery store on Griffith Avenue in Galway close this evening?'


'Mr Jeeves, I'm in my later years, I feel like I wasted so much time. I wish I had a legacy to leave behind for my grandchildren.'


It seemed that Grandma had left her legacy to millions after all. Sweet, lovely Granny Merideth.