“Look, I like folks spreading my name around, in fact I support it! Let everyone know all about me!” He announced, arms wide.
“The problem however is all the false information, I want people to go to hell but so many idiots are either going to heaven or limbo by accident.”


I raised an eye brow in confusion. “I don’t see how that works, I mean I always thought it was super easy to get into hell. Just do a sin and not repent.”


“See, that’s where you’re wrong. As long as you’re a nice guy and balance things out you’re at least guaranteed to get into limbo, and yes that’s technically Hell depending on your definition of Hell but it’s like saying dirt is a shoe just because it’s covering your foot.”


I wasn’t sure where this was going but nodded anyways. You could disagree with the devil sure but it’s best to go along with it.


“Any how let me give you an example. Do you know what my number is? The three digit one, not my phone.”


“It’s 666 isn’t it?” I asked, sure that I was right but at the same time figured I was wrong if the questions was being asked in that way.


“Nope, not at all it’s actually 616, more recent books changed it.” He explained, an ancient tome suddenly in his hands. 


“Most folks figure it was a mistranslation that led to the change but it wasn’t. The author you see wanted to give a handicap, make things harder on me and everyone who decides to follow me.”


“So what, with all the writing prompts going around, they’re all making things harder for you, spreading misinformation? Didn’t you say spreading word about you is good?”


“You live in the age of the internet. Everyone knows about Jesus, God and Me even if you don’t follow the religion. It’s like telling coke addicts that coke exists, kinda redundant.”



“So what’s the problem then?”



“Well it’s bad for my image.” Suddenly he was in a tuxedo, or was he always wearing one?



“What do you mean?” Bad for his image? Satan was the benchmark for bad. If you had a bad boss you compared them to Satan, you can’t really get any worse then that.



“Half of these Writing prompts make me out to be one thing that I despise.” Oh, that made sense. I began to understand. 





“They make you seem human, relatable, good and-“





“What? No, well sort of. Thing is what is human? The answer is, something that can be beaten.” He slammed his hand down to emphasize. “Someone who can be outwitted half the time. Even if I win in these stories I do it with a loop hole or by using YOUR rules!” He seemed upset. Why would he be upset about winning?






“I’m fucking SATAN! I don’t NEED to follow any rules! You do! My job is to either make you break those rules and go to Hell or let you make those mistakes on your own!” Now he was frothing.




“I’m being misrepresented even now! I don’t need explain myself or my actions!” Wait a second, what did he say? 



“I mean seriously, Hell has been spelt without a capital ‘H’ at least twice in this story alone! This is BULLSHIT!” Oh, well that explained why my gender was never specified, I was a self-insert, a first person perspective for the reader to emphasize with.



Also I was alone in a room with Satan. This was ‘hell’. 




“DAMNIT YOU DID IT AGAIN!”
