*AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*

The chorus of howls rang throughout the night sky. I looked up to count how many full moons had risen tonight. There were four.

The werewolf infestation was a recent occurrence on Jupiter, with the first case being reported a mere three months ago. Since then the problem had become more widespread and had grown so dire that Jupiter had been declared uninhabitable. With a population in the tens of billions the affliction spread quickly, and there was no way to effectively quarantine it. The problem was made worse by the fact that the werewolves became stronger the more full moons were out at night. You see, Earth only has one moon, so that fact was left unknown to us for quite some time. 

There was a substantial effort made to combat the werewolves at first, but their numbers expanded too quickly and their destructive capabilities too extreme. On the Night of Eight Moons, the werewolves became so powerful that they even became immune to silver. With each full moon their size increased, and on the Night of Eight Moons they became as tall and wide as a elephant. It was reported that the death count was in the tens of millions after that night. When the day after had begun, a mass evacuation had occurred.

But not all of us was lucky enough to board the ships out. While my family boarded Evacuation Ship 370L (quite the apt name), I was lost in the mass of humanity rushing towards their salvation. I remember something had hit me in the head, and when I had awoken, it was night and there were three full moons up in the air. Armed with only a silver knife, I struck out into the darkness in search of any sort of safety. Instead, I found werewolves. Two of them, feasting on the corpses of other unlucky son's of bitches that couldn't make it out. Upon seeing the otherworldly beasts I froze up in the spot, unable to move my legs due to the sheer weight of despair weighing me down. I stood there for an eternity, praying to all sorts of Gods that the beasts wouldn't spot me as I stood out there in the open.

Thankfully, somebody out there was listening to me. A sudden hail of bullets rained down upon the beasts from afar, and their attention was turned towards whoever their assailant was. Now judging from the way the beast's reacted without any grunts of pain or what have you, the fella' firing upon them probably wasn't using silver. Whoever shot at those beasts was a dumb motherfucker, but that dumb motherfucker saved my life.

It has been five nights since I was left behind, and five nights I have barely survived. Thankfully I hadn't encountered a werewolf up close yet, but I knew that if I did I would quickly be turned into mince meat. I had managed to find myself an underground bunker filled up with all kinds of survival supplies. I had only needed to wait a couple more days at the most until help would arrive. Or at least, that's what I told myself.

The bunker was roomy too, large enough to house multiple families. You could definitely find a worse place to hole up in during a werewolf apocalypse. It was in a nice, remote location so the chances of me being found out we-

*AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*

Ah shit. That sounded close.

After a few moments of silence, I could hear the sound of heavy footfalls in the distance. They came in quick succession, suggesting that whatever was running towards the bunker was doing it on all fours. The footfalls grew became louder and louder, until I could hear them on the ground directly above me. For a short moment there was quiet, when suddenly a set of razor sharp doors pierced through the bunker's hatch. Now if this was one of those bunkers with a ladder that led down I would probably be safe, but this bunker only had stairs, making for easy access for the werewolf. The opening was pretty wide too, so it wouldn't have any trouble getting in.

The werewolf tore the hatch off its hinges and threw it across the empty plains. The moonlight of the sixty-four moons illuminated its monstrous face and muscular build, as well as the crimson red dripping from its jaws. The werewolf looked at me and snarled, showing off its rows of pointed teeth. The werewolf lunged at me with its claws stretched outright, looking to impale me on them. I was able to predict its move and moved to the side, causing the werewolf to crash into the back wall. It turned around quickly and swung wildly, cleaving through the supplies and destroying the shelves they rested on. I backed up the stairs and the werewolf followed in full sprint, lunging at me again. One of its claws managed to cut through my my calf, sending a sudden wave of agony to wash over me. I cried out in pain, clutching my leg and hobbling up the stairs. The werewolf grabbed onto my leg and tugged, causing me to fall over. My head hit the stairs hard and my vision became dazed. I could feel the werewolf dragging me towards him and flipping me over onto my back.

A sudden sharp pain coursed throughout my body again. Trying to retain focus, I looked down at my stomach only to see that the werewolf had sunken his its into it. I could feel it ripping me up on the inside, trying to tear me in half. With my last ounce of strength I pulled out the silver knife from my pocket and plunged it into the beast's skull. It howled out in pain and started thrashing around the room wildly with me embedded on its claws. I was slammed into the ceiling, the walls and the floor as it danced around the room in anguish. The world slowly faded to black. I needed a miracle to come save me now.