*"I wish I knew what I know now, when i was younger." - Rod Stewart*

Civilization is strange. Always tinkering with things. Hell, some jackass had to give himself small-pox just to cure small pox. This was long ago of course, but it stands to reason, people just can't leave well enough alone. 

So, when Harold found himself at his familiar drinking hole, this very thought almost made him fill his depends. 

"So, did you boys see the news?" Jeremy asked. Jeremy was a bastard of a man. Once a brawny lumberjack of great height, who had shrunk a considerable deal over time, and was now of normal height. Harold always assumed this was because cause trees naturally weigh more than people.

"What!?" Leonard of Downey Street yelled. The old man had forgotten his hearing aide again.

"I SAID DID YOU SEE THE NEWS?" Jeremy yelled.

"Oh! I find the Jews to be a very nice people." Leonard said softly while taking a swig of his pint.

"No. Not the Jews... I mean, yes. They are kind, a little complainy from time to time, but they seem well intentioned. You see, when I was a lad, we had a Jewish fella what lived down the..."

"What about the news?" Harold asked. Sometimes it was important to keep these older chaps on point. They were pushing mid-nineties. A lifetime away from where Harold sat at 84. 

"What news?" Jeremy asked.

"What!?" Leonard yelled.

"Jeremy was talking about the news Leonard, yah deaf bastard. Where is your hearing aide?" Harold asked. Leonard was essentially the anti-American Express ad for hearing aides. *Never leave home with it.*

"Mildred must have hid it from me. You know she can be sneaky like that." Leonard said, using a rather selective hearing method.

"You gentlemen need another drink?" A waitress had popped up seemingly out of nowhere. But, to be fair, anybody walking at a brisk pace was seeming to pop up out of nowhere for Harold these days. 

"Jesus! What are you trying to do? Give me a heart-attack!?" Yelled Jeremy. 

"Jeremy, if i wanted to, I could have given you a heart attack a long time ago honey." The young waitress said. 

"Oh, you vile temptress." Jeremy said, "Alright, put the next round on me."

"Why thank you Jeremy." Harold said. 

As the waitress walked off, Jeremy eyed her up and down, "Oh, if I were only 60 years younger."

"Then you'd still be ten years too old for her you ancient bastard." Harold said, which spawned a laughing/coughing fit from Leonard.

"Ah, whatever. You young bucks don't know what it's like to be my age."

"What!?" Leonard yelled.

"I'm only ten years younger than you." Harold said. 

"Well, the difference between 84 and 94 is like the difference between young Philly and a dead horse. Hell, when I was your age, I was running marathons and could bench three hundred pounds."

"Hah! I loved Family Matters." Leonard chimed in.

"Jeremy, I knew you when you were my age, and you were just as decrepit as you are now." Harold said.

"Well..." Jeremy took time to think of a comeback, which in terms of a heavily medicated 94 year old was much like watching molasses swallow a city. "You should mind your elders."

"That Urckle was hilarious!" Leonard said.

"Ah. You got me." Harold somewhat admitted defeat. It wasn't that he felt he should respect his elders. Hell, he *was* an elder, but it was a good way to drop the subject. Especially with Jeremy. "Anyways. What was the news?"

"Oh right! The news!" Jeremy shouted. 

"Your pints gentlemen." The waitress popped back in. 

"Ye gods woman! You need to wear a damned bell!" Jeremy exclaimed.

"Right." The waitress put the drinks on the table and walked off.

"You know, if I was sixty years..." Jeremy began.

"...Yes. Yes." Harold interjected. "Anyways, what did you see on the news?"

"Oh yes! The news. So, remember that drug that kept all those little bastards young?" Jeremy asked, as if there was any way to forget the anti-aging drug.

"Yes. I remember."

"Well, it turns out it gives you stage 4 lymphoma! HAH!" Jeremy brought a fist down onto the table in exultation. 

"Ye gods."
