I gripped the side of the counter and stared toward the floor, sweat dripping from my nose. The frozen meat sitting on the bamboo cutting board mocking me with it's ugly grey face. 

"Gordon freaking Ramsey?! Are you kidding me?!" My thoughts screamed, as images of the gallon of milk and bottle of diet Dr. Pepper's lonely existence within my refrigerator flashed across my eyes.

The silence was deafening and the walls seemed to creeping closer to me as dread overwhelmed my every sense. 

The darkness closed in. "But... She's so hot..." And then. A light.

I slammed open the cupboards of my apartment and cranked the wireburner to high.

" I may not be able to uncook a steak..." 

On goes the pot to orange hot wires and my novelty short apron swoops across my waist.

"But.."

In goes last week's half bottle of red wine. Dried thyme, coriander, black pepper, bay leaf, granulated garlic, onion powder."

"I can cook it MORE."

Grabbing a knife, I drove it through the frozen bricks with a crack, making me wince in sympathy to my poor knife, but I powered through chunking out the beef. 

"Peasant cut." I smirked at my own quip and threw the meat into the simmering wine. Taking a breath to reasses, I contemplated to myself. "It needs more still." 

With a snap of my fingers I pointed to the ceiling. 'The community garden!" It was just a block away, surely my salvation lies there. I opened up the window and got one leg out as she walked in the kitchen. 

"Umm...." She was staring at me, understandably confused. 

"Dinner will be ready in forty five minutes, pick out some red wine." I declared, my face stone and grim.

"O... Okay I guess ill just." She stuttered out.

"Watch an episode of chopped or something." 

"I met this Alton guy once he's a real wanker!" Ramsey yelled to his daughter from the den.

"I love you" 

I leaped out of the window and sprinted full speed down the street. My breathing ragged, I should really quit smoking. The time passed in an instant as my feet echoed across the pavement under the streetlight.

"Something there has to be something..." I pleaded to god.

Nearly wrenching the fence from it's hinge, I could hear the wooden sign clatter against the wires behind me. Past the flowers, through the herbs I charted a direct path to the vegetable patch where I found a lone tomato plant.

"Tomatoes... Its something I guess, but... Its so expected, and they're not nearly ripe... Wait!" My eyes widened against the night sky as lightning streaked across the clouds and I thumbed the sticky husks around the tomatoes. A wicked smile crept across my face.

"Tomatillos..."



The dining room was quiet as Gordon and Abby strolled in. His football player stride had not faded over the years as he quickly grabbed my hand in a firm shake. 

"Dylan"

"Gordon, a pleasure. Now!" He clapped his hands together." What are we eating tonight eh?" 

"Beef and tomatillo bourguignon with a bottle of Smith's 2017 merlot." I had rehearsed saying bourguignon on my way back from the community garden. The wine had reduced nearly to a sauce by the time I had cleaned and diced the tomatillo. Just before serving I had scooped out a tab of butter and stirred it into the sauce to give it the nice velvety sheen. 

"Ah the classic proletariat dish of Burgundy. I think it suits the atmosphere quite nicely." He proclaimed, making me suddenly aware of my shabby apartment.

"Right uh... Enjoy." I stammered out. The recognition of how non-bourguignon my bourguignon was becoming apparent to me. 

We all sat down, poured the rest of the wine and began to eat. My fork was shaking as it came in contact with the meat. Forty five minutes for cooked frozen beef. Sure the proteins had broken down in the freezing process and having been cooked, as soon as it thawed it would begin to braise, it was also terra major a cheap but tender cut, but that still was not much time at all for a braise. 

My heart kept into my throat as I pressed the fork into the beef and then a wave of relief as the fork slid effortlessly between the fibers of the tender meat. I had done it.

Gordon chuckled across the table. I looked up, bracing myself to become the only thing roasted tonight. 

"You know this isn't bourguignon yeah? Where are the mushrooms? The pearled onions? The bacon lardons? What you gave me is just red wine beef stew with tomatillos, and tried to pass it off as bourguignon? Come on man!" He proclaimed while laughing. I was dead.

"However, it is well seasoned, the Tomatillos are a nice touch, and the beef is tender. Which is impressive in it's own right considering that it was frozen." He skewered me again. "Though if I were trying to make something with frozen meat, stew is indeed one of your better options since the sauce and braising process can cover up the quality of the beef A bit. You should really keep some produce on hand in your kitchen too so you would not have to resort to dried herbs and spices. Dried thyme tastes like dirt." I wasn't sure if he had complimented me or skewered me again. I suppose I had underestimated his pallette here.

"Well thanks for dinner uh, we'll be going now. I don't think I want my daughter being around someone who doesn't have the wherewithal to keep an onion in the house." Wait what? He wiped his mouth with his napkin after only taking a few bites of my "bourguignon" and motioned for Abby to leave with him. I looked to her, my expression suitably dumbfounded. She turned to me with a polite smile.

"Oh by the way, I wanted to let you know that I'm seeing someone else. He's got a way nicer apartment and a car." Her candid tone nearly made my chin fall through the table and before I knew it the door had shut behind them.

I sat in my dining room for a moment trying to re-connect with reality. The silence was profound but seemed appropriate. 

"Okay Google, play The Descendents." I called out and the little dome on the bookcase near the table flashed a dim blue light as "I am the one" started playing quietly in the den. I grabbed a cigarette and my sunglasses from the bookshelf and took my last bite of "bourguignon" as I lit the cigarette and put on my sunglasses.

Leaning back in my chair I looked up at the ceiling and cradled my head in my hands.

"Well... I thought it was pretty good."