I remember the day that it happened like it was yesterday. Hell, it could have been yesterday for all I know, time doesn't seem to exist or matter anymore. The sun neither rises nor sets, just hangs in its default position overhead.

 It was just like any other day, I had come home from a long day at work, and resigned myself to my usual groove on the couch. I flicked the TV on, not that I had anything in particular to watch, just the noise to drown my own thoughts out. As another infomercial selling gaudy jewelry to senile citizens came on I decided it was time to numb with a few beers. 

I got up and went to the fridge, just like any other time I had in the past, this however, is where my, and everyone else's world, changed in a flash. A bright light raced through the world, the open beer held in my hand fell unexpectedly to the floor. No expected shattering of glass, no pooling of spilled liquid, just a dull thud as it hit the floor. I bent down to pick it up and realized quickly that it was now square in shape, no curves, no smooth texture, just squared edges and a lack of sense of touch. 

Then I slowly began to realize in my horror that I couldn't pick it up if I wanted to, my hands had disappeared, and in their place were simple square arms that ended resolutely in a square nub. As I glanced around my apartment I saw that all textures had disappeared and in their place smooth cubes seemed to replace them. My TV was now merely a crude colored square situated across from my now blocky couch.

 I could hear a cacophony of screams emanating from the streets below, and yet no sirens, no bright flashing lights, nothing even remotely close to what we thought was the fundamental principle of electricity in our world.

 I had to get outside, I had to see what was going on. As I approached my door I slowly realized with a sickening dread that I could not even open my own door, neither was their a knob nor a pair of hands in my possession with which to operate it had their been one. As I screamed in anguish I punched the door, again and again, and much to my surprise on the third hit the door just seemed to fall apart. No splinters, no visible damage, just instantaneously on the third hit it dissolved into what could only be described as a shower of pixels. 

Booming throughout the universe came a voice stating that " Your free trial of Life pro has ended, please purchase the full version to continue your previous experience." 

Life isn't really so bad now, I have my tree punching job to look forward to, and I still have all my friends, although we only resemble what we once were in the vaguest of sense. Man do I ever miss bacon...and the simple pleasure of taking a shit. But hey, at least I get to play with my wood everyday...
