"That's her!" hissed Skiddlewicks, pointing to a slim creature gliding through the night on great wings, its light pink skin coolly contrasting the roiling red sky. 

I swallowed as I watched the scantly clad succubus land on a rocky ledge high above us and stretch her arms out. Then, her wings curled into perfect scrolls. She stood outside her cliff-face cave and turned,  surveying the land below her. The factories, the forest, the castle, the rivers of lava -- all of it. It looked, at that moment, like the whole of Hell belonged to her. 

Skiddlewicks and I were well hidden in shadows of the adjacent cliff -- she wouldn't see us. I hoped.

The entire mountainside, where the succubus stood, was pocked by cave mouths, and as we'd been waiting, I'd seen a dozen or so other demons, of all shapes and sizes, return to their homes. But none had looked like her.

"Lorelei," Skiddlewicks said, his bloated yellow face folding over itself into a smile. The pudgy demon was like a love sick child, and I half expected hearts to pop out of his eyes, and his useless miniature wings to lift him of the ground.  Not that I'd ever seen them so much as flap before.  

Lorelei sauntered into the cave mouth and was lost to the darkness.

Skiddlewicks coughed and composed himself the best he could. I'd never seen the proud demon look so rattled before. "So?" he asked. "Can you help me?"

*Out of his league*. That was the phrase that sprung to mind. But... He had done so much for me, over the last two decades. From the bullies in the playground, to the bullies at work. Helping me win the heart of the woman I love. For that alone, I didn't just owe him a bit of help to achieve a dream or two -- I owed him eternity. Or... well, at least a few weeks.

"Maybe I can," I said optimistically, forcing a smile. "What kind of demon is she usually into?" I hoped he might say overweight and ugly with a bad case of halitosis -- and if he did, perhaps he had a chance.

He opened his mouth but didn't answer. His head fell forlornly and he stared at his feet.

I looked over my odd friend. His demonic qualities had been a boon to me back on Earth. His protruding yellow belly, constantly covered in shifting rivulets of sweat, his four stumpy legs just about holding him up. The way his two arms divided at the elbows to give him four forearms with clawed hands. And the kind of face that if a mother saw on her new born, she'd scream at the midwife to push him back in. 

"It's not all about looks," I said.

Skiddlewicks looked up at me, almost scornfully. "Tom. It's not just looks I'm missing. It's... everything. Do you think she's interested in someone who screws the hinges onto the iron maidens for a living?"

"*That's* what you do? You said you were in the torture business!"

He shrugged. "Well, I am. Sort of. Just not so directly as I might have made out."

"You always said--"

"Watch out," said Skiddlewicks, nodding towards a giant of a demon with burning red eyes. 

I watched in awe as the lean demon, twice Skiddlewicks' size, with horns on its head like a stag, strode up to us. Its skin was like dead, warped bark. A grey husk.

"Back already?" it said, its voice rumbling through my body.  "And brought with you a little friend?" It gave me a mocking smile and fire leaked like lava out of its mouth.

"Oh, hello Belgor," said Skiddlewicks, as he shifted his weight between legs nervously.

"I thought you'd been banished for good?"

Skiddlewicks glanced at me, then back at Belgor. "Can't get rid of me that easily!" He chuckled lightly. "Just a twenty year banishment this time."

Belgor slapped Skiddlewicks on the back; Skiddlewicks almost fell to the ground. "Well, it's great to have you back -- we've missed having our soccer ball!" And with that, the great demon strode off towards his own cave.

I was about to say something to skiddlewicks, when the horned demon yelled back to us. "Why don't you bring your little friend to the demon ball next week? You can watch me and Lorelei tear up the hall and win first place."

Skiddlewicks' four hands rolled up into fists. "Might see you there!" he shouted, then under his breath added, "you absolute bastard."

"Banishment?" I said, turning to my friend. "You never told me you'd been banished! Or that Lorelei was seeing someone. That makes it a little more complicated, don't you think?"

Skiddlewicks' yellow cheeks had gone red. "Yeah well, the banishment didn't seem important." He sighed, his body deflating somewhat. "And she wasn't seeing someone when I left. Look, can you help me or not?"

I looked over at the great muscular demon that had taunted us, as it climbed the mountainside, heading towards Lorelei's cave. Then, I looked at Skiddlewicks. What chance did he the poor guy have?

"Well?" he asked.

He would need a promotion, at the very least. And he'd have to start exercising, too. Not to mention cleaning his teeth. Maybe he could learn to write poetry...

"I can try."

His face folded into a great smile. "I knew you would!"


