“That’s impossible, I was commander of the escape fleet centuries ago, the Uldronian armada were seconds from breaching our FTL scramblers when we warped away. There was no one left to even defend earth!  
The holographic man spat out the words to the assembly before him, full of men and women, leaders all tensed, knowing that the wrong words could lead to the millions of strange ships above orbit unleashing a new holocaust of plasma and fire. 
“So you are one of the immortals?”  
A voice said, curiously.  
“Death is a choice in the Human Empire, we’ve long since perfected artificial bodies superior to, well, organic forms. Although yes, I was among the first to receive the technology at its infancy”.  
The room quietly filled with the scratching of pens as the various leaders took notes on their pads of paper. The holographic General narrowed his eyes and spoke in a harsh tone.  
“The technology is easily shareable once we’ve properly cleared Earth as hostile free and installed the proper legislature, but that’s a job for someone else. I’ve been sent to exterminate the Uldronia occupying earth, if they’re all dead as you say, I’d very much like to know how the weaponless remains of humanity managed to-“.  
“To defeat the biggest threat humanity ever faced? What, are you embarrassed the people you deemed unworthy were able to win a war against an enemy that obliterated every fleet you sent their way?”   
“The escape fleet populace had to be cold and calculated if any semblance of humanity could survive, it wasn’t about leaving the worst of us behind, it was about saving the  best of us. Now, for the last time, how did you destroy the armada?!”   
“Our ancestors were left with no food resources or technology. You condemned them, and placated yourselves by promising you would someday come back. How did we win the war you ask? Simple, we didn’t.”   
A smartly dressed woman approached the hologram  
“I’m the official historian of the EU, I can answer any of your questions”  
“If you lost the war, what happened to the Uldroni?”  
“Without weapons, technology, or chance of freedom, we had only our biology to work with, luckily, that’s exactly what our ancestors needed”  
The General sighed and the image of a faceless monstrosity, with 3 legs, natural chitin armor, and 8 needle-like fingers on each arm was brought up, next to a human only half it’s size.  
“The Uldroni are superior in every way to a human, and this is not even accounting the technological enhancements the average soldier had installed. If you do not cooperate, then we’ll simply treat you as hostile and take Earth by force.”  
The woman’s eyes darkened with a quiet anger.  
“Those who do not learn from history are bound to repeat it General. I’d suggest you  let me finish before making such bold threats.  
Before I explain further, I’d like to ask *you* a question General: back in times when technology was a wheel, and society was new, how did humanity achieve great things?”  
After a moment the General spoke, for the first time with some level of trepidation.   
“Cruelty. The leaders and intellectuals built their monuments on the backs of slaves and servants leading lives of caged animals.”  
“Close, but the answer I was looking for was Death. Our eternal enemy when reaching for godhood, and our closest friend when our existence is threatened.”  
“I can’t say that I understand your philosophy. Especially if this relates to how the Uldroni were defeated”  
“Our ancestors were enslaved. We died in the billions, but bred in the trillions. There were 72 different small scale rebellions completely annihilated by our Alien Overlords, but every time we learned just a little, until we successfully stole and comprehended just scraps and bits of their technological godliness. At that point, the Earth was nothing more than a mining colony to the Uldroni, the full might of their Empire was long gone. We learned their weaknesses and exploited it to free the earth. thanks to their oppression, humanity was united under a single flag, Earth United. Language was melted by the daily holocausts, and a new proto-language was developed while our ancestors were still being subjugated. Towards the end of the liberation, we discovered what we now believe was a weapon designed to emulate a Supernovae, although at the time we just knew it was some kind of bomb. We sent it directly to the heart of their Empire through a warp gate, that was little under a century ago and we haven’t seen any kind of Uldroni activity, so we assume our enemy is either destroyed or too weak to come after us.”  
The room was silent, the General finished the recording and quietly sent it to his superiors before looking back up at the woman.
“Very well, this information was valuable, soon colonizing vessels will arrive and we can begin Earth’s annexation into the Human Empire.”  
The dark anger had not left the historian’s face, and with a cruel tone she replied.  
“we are an independent planet, and we plan on staying that way. Perhaps I’m not the best person to break the news, but the EU has no intentions of being enslaved once again... at least not without a fight. From where a lot of us stand, it simply looks like another alien Empire is descending to take what is not theirs, and the last time that happened, well, I just explained it didn’t I?”   
The General leaned back in his chair, cutting off the connection.  
“We shall see. We shall certainly see.”