Ok so I just had a really good visual reading this prompt and I felt compelled to share. please excuse all formatting issues. 

A soft blackness draped itself over the park like a silken sheet pulled over a cloud. It rolled in quiet and swift. At the edge of the grass a woman strolled contently, as if she had many times before. From where I sat on one of the parks benches near the water's edge, there was not much that could be seen but her outline against the fading light of dusk. A lithe form flowing over the lush grass, lightly kicking at a pebble, arms folded behind her. She wore a longer hood that hid her face, but her curly black hair tumbled out from the opening. She seemed to walk aimlessly as if she were waiting for someone, or something. 
	There was something about her that registered deeply in me. There was a feeling of loss as if there was something I was missing. All I could think of was the face that I knew nothing about her. No name, no face, not even a voice to place. Despite this fact there was something that resonated within me that sat awkwardly, though it was familiar. 
	I stood from my bench and followed the few people the were beginning to filter out of the park. Although when I turned to go, I took a final glace back. I felt like my eyes were pulled toward her. I noticed a couple that were happily embracing one another as they walked from the edge of one of the hedge rows. They wore bright smiles and shred a few private laughs and were completely unaware of the figure that stood across the path from them. A few more steps and the couple's smile's faded as they stopped abruptly, still holding one another. They were staring straight at the woman in the long hood. They seemed to share a long moment, eyes locked, seemingly petrified. Then with a quick motion, the man spun his partner around and they quickly walked off toward the gates without bothering to take a path. The hooded woman slowly looked away and started pacing again. I felt another tug, this time it was a cold embrace that seemed to curl and snake it way around my heart. I shivered and let out a sharp breath. Then with slight trepidation, took a step forward. 
	I felt the tug grow with the first step, and I took another, and another. I felt the icy grip swirl faster but I couldn't keep my eyes from wandering, and my will to see her grew as the grip tightened. 
	I was halfway to the figure when she turned in my direction. Fully aware of her attention, I slowed. The figure unfolded her arms and raised them slowly to either side of her hood. Slowly the fabric fell back behind her and her black curls trickled in front of her face. I stood still for a moment as the wind swirled around me tossing leaves through the grass between me and the woman. I could see small parts of her face but not enough to recognize if I had seen her. Still the feeling of familiarity and peace stirred deep as she raised her head to meet mine.
	The icy tendrils gripped tighter still as her face meet the glow of the path lights. Her face was a pale shade of cream, and the curve of her cheeks was smooth as the still water of the pond on a windless night. Her chin curved into a slight crease below her mouth, which displayed a beautiful set of red lips. The tear shed from her ghostly blue eyes was following the curve of her frown as she stood in a slight hunch. 
	The feeling of ice in my chest grew considerably and I walked quickly to see if I could help. Almost propelled to her, I watched as another tear formed and fell to her cheek. 
	“Are you alright miss?” I asked a a few yards away. I didn't want to seem like I was threatening so I held out my hand to her.
	“Do you need any help?” I asked.
	“You were not supposed to be here.” She said finally. 
	“What? What do you mean, “not sup-”” The icy cold seemed to squeeze and I felt my knees go weak.
	“Ahn!” I let loose a half gasp as I felt the stabbing cold penetrate through my chest, as I collapsed to my knees. I felt my lips grow colder and I looked down to see what was gripping me and I saw a wet, scarlet stain that was running from the center of my chest that was now beginning to reach the ground. At the center of the red stain a small rip had formed. Through the red, I could clearly see the jagged edges of my shirt and the black char marks that were around it. 
	I looked up at the woman before me and asked through sudden incredible pain, and a numbing cold, “W- What...happened?” 
	The pale woman closed the small gap between us and slowly knelt down in front of me and raised her small hand to my face. She placed her forefinger on my cheek and drew it down to my chin and held up my face. I felt the warmth of her hand, and my head lulled towards the ground but she held it fast. 
	“You were not supposed to be here tonight.” her eyes narrowed and she began to look cross. “You were a fool to come here. What were you looking for?” 
	“I...don't know.” I slowly answered, genuinely confused. I could feel the warmth of her hand radiating further into my face as I felt the blood rush from me. 
	“I told you that you should never come look for me. It always ends the same way.” She seemed to choke on the last words a bit as the tears ran down her pale face, dripping off of her ruby lips.
	“I... had to see... who you were.” I said feeling my jaw beginning to slow from the cold. “Who are you? Have I...seen you before?” I asked finally.
	She looked at me with an air of disbelief, as if I had just offended her. Her hand left my face and I felt the weight pull my head down and I began to slump to one side. Before I could fall further, I felt her catch me and embrace me with her slender arms. I felt the warmth bleed into me and I pulled mightily to bring my head up to hers. She leaned close to my ear and whispered.
	“I...” She began, and I felt her face press against mine and she slid her lips across my cheek and pressed them to mine. “...Am Death.” She pressed into my lips and I felt a warmth flow through every bit of my being. I felt my fingers flow with warmth as though they gave way to a river filled with sunlight. My body became weightless and I could feel the numbness fall away from my body in a single thick layer. 
	No longer than I felt the warmth enter me, than did I lose the feeling of her lips upon mine.  A soft blackness draped itself over the park like a silken sheet pulled over a cloud. It rolled in quiet and swift, as I felt all light, weight and warmth leave my body. Silence fell over me. The wind ceased, and black velvet curled around me and all was calm. 