She had worked hard at the simulations.  With so many multiverses at her disposal she could run endless scenarios to get the timing right, but even so it was hard to be sure it would work.  Quantum mechanics still applied and had a habit of messing with the most careful plans, especially when the changes were subtle.  The Time Corps had always prided itself on adjusting historical time streams in beneficial ways using the smallest changes possible, so it made sense to extend that goal to competitions.  That was the fundamental paradox with the scoring: to achieve the desired result, but with such small changes that quantum mechanics and plain old stochastic effects were always going to interfere.  Some people would go the unsubtle route for a "sure kill", but were necessarily scored lower for difficultly.  No dropping pianos or asteroid impacts for her.  That wasn't her style.  She was going for a standard that would impress anyone ... maybe even get her a job with the Corps itself.

Leaving aside the ever-present uncertainty, she was optimistic she could kill Hitler this way, and that the judges would award her full subtlety points as well as decent scores on several other elements.  She set to work.  Like a magician showing nothing was up her sleeve, she brandished two of the small items she was going to use for her attempt, showing them to the judges so that anyone could see how ordinary the items were.  She wrapped them carefully in brown paper, the third item, and wrote a name and address on the package with a pencil.  She placed the package on the analyzer, which displayed the resulting mass, chemical composition, and a host of other parameters.  There was some murmoring from the crowd as they realized the items were indeed as ordinary as they looked.  No hidden explosives, poison, pathogens, or any other obviously lethal potential.  She put the wrapped package in the capsule, dialed the coordinates into the instrument carefully, pressed the action button, and the package vanished.  Simultaneously it appeared back in 1945, clearly visible on the chronoviewers in front of the judges and audience.  The mumoring grew slightly louder as people realized the location, which was again a surprisingly mundane-looking office.  

---

Sarjeant Kemmer could scarcely believe his eyes, but there it was on the watch desk, as the Captain had said.  A package from his Grandmama.  How had it gotten through the lines?  How?  He thought mail delivery had stopped, and surely this wasn't important enough for military courier.  Was this a cruel joke?  He picked up the package and unwrapped it.  A paper note was wrapped around the contents.  Upon reading he confirmed that, yes, it was from his Grandmama.  He held the other enclosed item in his hand like a person in a desert might hold a canteen of water.  Here.  Of all places here.  How did she get it?  Bribery?  It must have cost her a fortune.  And how did it even get into the country?  Was it stolen from the Americans?  He put aside the questions and continued to admire it, even as he marched back to his station at the bunker entrance.  He furtively looked out over the garden and saw the guards attending to the Führer and the Führer attending to Blondi.  He figured he had just enough time to finish it, and started peeling and eating it.  It was wonderful.  He closed his eyes.  Enjoying the flavour deeply.

Just that second, he heard them starting to return.  He scrambled, eating the last morsel and tossing the remains to the ground, just in time to snap to attention and salute.  Blondi, the Führer, and his guard passed by in quick succession, only to be as promptly followed by barking, screams, and crashing sounds.  He turned to face the disaster, and quickly realized he was probably going to be shot.

---

The crowd was rapt.  Completely engrossed.  You could hear a pin drop.  When it finally happened there was an incredible burst of laughter and applause.  The judges conversed briefly.  It was a new record.  The subtley element was the 10/10 she was hoping for, but it was the comedy score that had truly pushed it over the top.