What an extraordinary day. 

The late spring was always my favorite. There’s something about falling asleep with the windows open that makes the next morning something sweet. I even got to sleep in this morning, the birds outside my window must have been sleeping in as well. 

The morning routine has always been the same on my lazy Sundays; fall out of bed, stumble to the bathroom, stretch it out, then get to the living room to catch some news on the TV. I skipped breakfast on Sundays. Waking up after 10 AM I figure what’s the point? Might as well wait until lunch. 

My doorbell rings. Once, then a second time in quick succession. I sit for a moment wondering who could be at my door this early. But now it’s not even given the chance to complete a single chime as there is seemingly an assault on the button outside. 

I get to my door and pop it open without a second thought.

“Jake, thank God!” it’s my best friend Gary, normally composed and mild mannered but at this moment he looks to have seen a ghost. His face is devoid of color and his normal fohawk is disheveled draping some of his dark hair behind his thick framed glasses. 

He pushes me into my own home and swings through the doorframe slamming the door behind us. Leaning on the closed door out of breath we make eye contact, my jaw agape “Gary, what the hell is..”

“Shut up and close your windows!” He cuts me off.

“Seriously, dude, what’s going on!?”

He doesn’t answer. He runs and starts closing every window in my place. I pause for a minute but realize Gary doesn’t really get pranks. He’s too reserved, soft spoken. This must be serious. So I follow suit. Racing around my small suburban town-home making sure to seal up anything that leads to the outside. 

Gary pops open a window in the living room pushing a window unit out, and slams it shut so quickly the crash from its landing it muted. We both look at each other, then I see his eyes glance over at the thermostat.

“It’s radiator heat Gary. What the fuck is happening?”

“There’s something in the air man. I don’t know what’s happening but you can barely breathe by my house.” 

Gary lives just about a mile up the road so this is concerning. I’m trying to take this all in but I’m not quite there yet. Gary collects himself and plops on my couch, hands push through his hair while his elbows are on his thighs. 

“I woke up, and something wasn’t right. Chase is usually in and out of his doggy door a hundred times while I get ready to make breakfast. I thought my eyes were clouded but the yard looked like it had been doused in pollen. Looking closer a light tinge of green was suspended in the air. Chase was there but he wasn’t moving.

“I panicked. I wanted to run out to him but something told me otherwise. I grabbed my keys and the respirator I had from when I was stripping paint in the garage and ran to the car.”

“And you came to get me? I… I must say Gar, that means a lot to me man.”

“Yeah, well, of… of course.” He looks at me out of the corner of his eye for a brief moment, then darts his attention away. 

“Oh wait.” I say in realization. I shake my head in slight disapproval as I grasp his intention to use my car. My new Model X. 

“Dude it’s like a vacuum chamber in that thing, I wouldn’t have made it in my car.”

I say through a sigh, “I don’t blame you. At least I hold some value to you.” 

Gary makes a wincing smile and furls his lip, “Well…” the pitch of his voice raised as he drags out the ‘L’ sound. 

I punch him in the shoulder playfully, “You dick.” 

The television is still on from my morning routine. Our attention focuses on it as a breaking news alert finally appears with that deafening tone. It is repeating the same text on a blue screen; stay indoors, close all windows and doors and tape the seams, don’t even look outside. 

I can tell mine and Gary’s minds are in the same place. You can’t possibly seal up this house. I struggle with drafts on a cool night let alone a green smog of death.
 
“Believe everything you see on TV?” I ask Gary. He pushes a quick breath out of his nose as a halfhearted laugh. I grab my keys and we head outside. We emerge from my house like dwellers of a vault after a nuclear attack. We creep out at first. The green fog is rolling in slow, but steady. You can see it up the street billowing toward us, a low lying cloud maybe only 30 feet tall. 

We dart towards the shiny black vehicle, grip the door handles and fling ourselves inside. Our eyes have started to burn some like someone spilled bleach in a mop closet. Coughing ensues. The radio kicks on. A broadcast plays with an exasperated but surprisingly calm voice. “Get to the mountains. We have reason to believe the plume you are seeing is chlorine based. Everyone needs to get to higher ground.”

That’s all the convincing we need. I hit the accelerator and we head towards the highway. We’re about an hour to higher ground but we’ll make it easily as the car charged overnight. The radio is going in and out and it’s becoming static more and more so I turn it down almost all the way. 

“What do you think’s happened?” I ask truly dumbfounded. 

“Do you think it’s weird the TV said to stay inside but the radio wants us to move?”

“Conflicting reports maybe? Maybe they just assume that if you’re in a car already you’re better off just driving out of the fog. Who listens to the radio at home anyway?” 

There’s nothing normal about this. The roads are abandoned, street signs that are blanketed by the rolling green mist are starting to turn colors already as they corrode. I’m hoping the metal in the car holds up, I suppose the wading in and out of the layers of fog are helping to mitigate it to an extent. 

There’s something up ahead in the middle of the road. It’s beginning to come into view as we approach it more and more slowly. It’s about the size of an SUV but there aren’t any wheels just legs like landing struts on a spaceship. The front is more bulbous as well more like one of those small news helicopters. 

Gary and I are shocked into silence. I pull off to the side of the road before getting too close so we might observe this object. 

“Holy shit Jake, what is that!?”

A figure, dark, thin but menacing is in the distance. It seems to be unaware of us as it goes about its business. It walks on its two lumbering legs up to a house not far away. Its arms slinking down past its knees like sausages hanging in a deli window. Its head is sleek and oblong like an over-sized mango, but skin as black as the night awash with the mucus of green that fills the air. 

The door to the house whips open without it moving a muscle. In an instant it skulks in then back out of the house dragging a human body behind it. It tosses the body into the back of its vehicle with ease then stretches its gaze to the sky and takes a deep breath through what would appear to be nostrils in its otherwise characterless face. You can see the green smog slip towards the being as it inhales like the scent of a pie grabbing the nose of an old cartoon character.  

“Jake let’s get the fuck out of here man.” Gary implores as I’m still gazing in shock. 

The radio kicks back on. The calm voice is now worried and shaky. “For anyone listening, I’m sorry. We only wished to prove another dimension existed, not open it. I’m so sorry.” The voice barely finishes the sentence before rustling and static. 

Gary and I are staring at the radio expecting it to tell us more but there’s just silence. I glance up at Gary and see his face awash with pure terror as he gazes through the windshield. I look and my heart nearly jumps out of my chest as there it stands, this lanky being hulking over the front of my car, hunched slightly and tilting its head like a dog trying to understand what it is looking at. It’s just in front of us but the only facial feature I can make out are its nostrils and glossy deep black eyes. 

It slams both of its three fingered fists on the hood of my car, squinting its eyes. Gary and I nearly jump out of our skin then freeze in complete panic. The radio buzzes. There’s sounds of glitches and loud static. That noise melts into a garbled series of resonances along with a strong bass that sounds like an old motorcycle trying to run in a pool of tar. That noise breaks as well and turns into a barely audible deep gurgle, the being must be transmitting through the speakers, “You should have stayed home.”

The car whips upward through the air and spins. Gary and I are screaming, hands pressed to the roof of the car trying to hold ourselves in our seats. Time seems to sputter to a crawl as the car peeks up over the green cloud of dread. I can see the mountain in the distance. It’s collapsing in on itself as if the Earth was just a shell with pieces falling toward a swirl of white and purple light. I fix my sights on Gary, his face stretched in agony and fear.

Time ebbs back to the normal flow. The car flips a few more times as we scream out and curse. The green cloud once again envelopes the car as it sinks back to the ground in our demise. A crash of shattering glass and crumpled metal. The pain of being stabbed, tackled, and buried all at the same time. I look at Gary the best I can through searing eyes. He’s only a blurry red mark on my darkening vision. I see the creature reach through what used to be a windshield, grab Gary’s arm, and rip him from my car to drag back to its own vehicle. I fight to breathe but I fear this is the end. 

What an extraordinary day. 
