"Oh my god Sara! You're alive! I'm so glad to see you again" Jack said as he stumbled out of the bathroom. "It feels like I've been gone for eternity, But I finally made it back - come quickly, you have got to come in here! I just had the most incredible experience ever, you're never going to believe it!"

"Weren't you just in the toilet? Why would I want to hear anything about that?"

"No, you don't understand, I was transported somewhere, it was as though I fell through a hole in space and time and landed on a strange new world. Come with me Sara, time passes differently, I don't know how long I've been gone from here... but in this other world I've lived a dozen lives and finally found a way to bring you with me so we could live there together forever"

"... Did you hit your head or something? what are you going on about... Did you ... take something?"

"No, everything is fine. Sara, imagine a world with no debt, with no leak in the roof, with no smog in the city. Just you and I living in the mountains with everything provided for, everything there. A perfect eden just for us."

Jim tried to change his tone "Do you trust me Sara?"

"Of course I trust you..."

"Then come with me, give me your hand and follow me through the portal."

She timidly gave him her hand and closed her eyes. Together they walked through the doorway to their shared bathroom. Sara heard the sounds of the world fall away as the door closed behind them. The light of the world ceased to pierce her eyelids and was replaced by the warm glow of candlelight. The smell of the lavender potpourri was replaced by the warm earthy aroma of... of... What the hell was that smell?

Sara opened her eyes to find herself in a dark bathroom, two candles illuminating  the largest shit she had ever seen in her life. The smell initially covered by the candles now permeated the entire bathroom, where was the air freshener? - gone. Sara turned to try the door, locked. "Jack, let me out of here you sonofabitch! This is foul!"  There was no answer. 

Jack casually tossed the air freshener can in the air as he sauntered to the living room to turn the football game back on. It was going to be a quiet evening.