Do you ever have that moment where you realize nothing in your life is ever gonna be the same? Maybe you came back from a war, and now anytime fireworks celebrations happen, you go diving under the bed. Maybe you were just written a prescription for hormone replacements, eagerly planning a trip to the mall for your new wardrobe. Maybe you're sitting at the doctor's, and just been informed that apparently all of your birth control managed to fail at once. Maybe that game company you've always wanted to work for called you and said that you passed the interview.

For me the moment happened on my way home from my dishwashing job. 3 in the morning sort of thing. I was driving across a bridge when another car suddenly swerved into me. As my vehicle popped over the railing, everything slowed down, and it became clear to me. Even if I pulled through this, I'd probably be paralyzed or something. But all I could do was watch as the water got closer...

closer...

closer...

...

And then suddenly it wasn't there. I was sitting in what appeared to be a metal contraption. Did i get reincarnated? Am I supposed to retain my memories? I stood up, figuring I should get my bearings of my new location. It only took me one step to lose my footing in this new body though, and I went tumbling softly through the air.

Wait, that can't be right.

And yet that's exactly what it was. I reached out and grabbed the floor and pulled myself to it. I was now even more confused. Maybe I was still in my car, floating and hallucinating. I could see what was a window so I pulled myself to it. Looking through it, I was finally able to see the water again.

All of it. All the water in the world at once. And the land. I was staring at the Earth itself. I screamed.

That prompted about three other screams to answer me in turn. There were others here. Maybe they could help. I tried pushing off the wall in the direction of the voices, with mildly better success now that I knew gravity just no longer existed. Only mildly though, I was used to gravity.

We were all able to convene together. We all had these nice NASA jumpsuits, but I doubted any of us had the training for them. And then we tried to see if anyone else knew what was going on. That didn't go well. None of them knew a lick of English, and when I tried Blackfoot it worked about as well. The others consisted of what I believe was a Russian, someone from east Asia, and someone from somewhere in Africa.

The one thing we could figure out from the others though? We all were experiencing the same thing. We had just been going about our lives, and then suddenly we were in the ISS, with no idea how to operate the communications systems. And presumably, none of us had any idea how astronauts return to Earth.

After a bit more failed communication, I went over to one of the windows and gazed out at the stars. They were amazingly beautiful without the atmosphere or any lights to block them out. This was a sight I would not be amiss to enjoy regularly.

You know that moment where you realize nothing in your life is ever gonna be the same? We all probably experienced it. One day you just suddenly jumped bodies. Maybe you were awake at the time and were saved from peril. Maybe you missed it because you had been sleeping. Maybe you literally just jumped across the table. Maybe you ended up getting to travel to space.