**Note: I consider myself to be "the up and coming Zelda person" on Writer Prompts. This post is just part one. The actual answer to this prompt will start in part 2.**

I didn't plan on being a cat. A wolf? Nope, didn't plan that either, but it happened. But a cat? Didn't even occur to me that I could become something else.

I just so happened to travel forwards in time, and Gods, has Hyrule changed. My-now-small-cat-mind can't exactly handle everything that's different. But, I guess it's for the better.

I was lucky. Very lucky. Even back in my time, I heard horror stories of other shape-shifters being caught and..."altered". That didn't happen to me. 

It turns out that I just so happened to transform into a very rare breed of cat, and that's the only thing that saved me. It's not something I like to look back on, waking up in a metal cage feeling like a Lizardfos clawed out my insides, surrounded by metal cages and screaming beasts, but, just so my story can be told, I'll tell it to you. All of it.

~~------------------------------------------~~


**Part I: The Arrival**

One moment, I was looking at a strange portal in Faron Woods, the next, I was thrown far into the future, and found myself in an alleyway. I knew straight away that I wasn't in the Hyrule I knew, the one that had previously been covered in Twilight, but one that had tall buildings and bright lights, one that had loud metal carriages that roared when they took off and so many people. I had never seen so many people in my life before and I was surprised to see all the Tribes in good relations with each other.

Thankfully, something distracted me from the chaos that seemed to be never ending. Food. And the certain dish I was smelling was something that was renowned in my time. What was amazing was the fact that this particular version was *mine*. I had come up with my own version of the dish, *Herbs and Cucco*, and I knew I had to find out where this dish was being served.

After some time (and lots of strange looks from passerby), I finally found the place- *Forester's Eatery and Brewery*. I looked at the wooden sign for a while, trying to come to terms that my last name was now on a sign, and then entered the building.

Right away, I was confronted by a young man that was around my age. He questioned who I was and what was I wearing. Then he saw the shield.

"Is...Is that what I think it is?!"

He motioned for me to removed the shield, and I did, then set it upright against the wall and the man bent down to look at it.

"...It is original...Where did you get this?! Theses are only in museums, and there's only like 2 left!"

He handed me back the shield and before I could reply, an older woman came running towards us.

"David, how many times do I have to tell you to not run off?!"

Then the woman noticed me, and gave me a curious look.

"And who are you?"

David spoke first. "I....I *think* he's a Hero of Legend, mom. I mean,,,he's wearing the clothes, he has the shield...and.....yeah...that the scabbard of the sword....."

He then turned to face me. "Yeah, you're a *long* way from home. Better find a place to sit down, this'll take a while."

And so, after the course of a few hours (in which I learned that sometime after I had "left", they had found my recipes for lots of dishes, and over the centuries, the family has made a name for itself), David told me that 500 years had passed since I "left" and that he was, in fact, a blood relative of mine. After being allowed back in the kitchen for a while, I found my hand-written notes and that they had been added to over the years.  After some more discussion, it was revealed that the Master Sword was now housed in a well guarded exhibit at some history museum.

....Which is how I found myself standing in front of said exhibit a few hours later. There was a crowd around the railed forest clearing, it actually seemed like the museum had been built *around* the Sacred Grove. I noticed that no one was looking in my direction, so, in one swift movement, I jumped over the railing, rolled when I hit the ground, and came up near the sword. Not even a second later, it was in my hand and David was besides me, as well as several angry looking guards.

However, before the guards could confront us, there came mad laughter from the center of the crowd that had gathered. The crowd parted to reveal a sorceress that was thought to be long dead - Velan.

"Look at you, a long way from home and nowhere to run." Velan raised her arms and I knew I couldn't dodge whatever spell she was going to throw at me.
And so, I tossed the Master Sword at David, who caught it and gave me look of shock and surprise; I saw some kind of magical spell flying at me out of the corner of my vision, and then I was airborne.

I didn't even feel myself hit the ground in the next room over.