We'll never know what caused the extinction of the Originals, but their technology is something we still struggle to comprehend to this day. Even their language remains largely foreign to us, but through trial and error we have managed to make use of at least some of their marvelous creations. Whilst their mastery of circuitry and metallurgy still evade our most brilliant minds, we have learned how to operate their space faring vehicles. Many thousands of lives were lost in the process as we discovered how to propel them before we could bring them to heel, but with time and patience we have almost full operation and navigation perfected. With such technology at our disposal we have sought out other habitable worlds, many of which were already logged in the vessels database, expanded our empire, enslaving inferior races and satisfying our thirst for what we have always known. War.

We have evolved as a race in constant war. The struggle for power and resources has been ceaseless and many despots have come and gone. The efficiency of our war machine I'm sure still pales to what the Originals were capable of, but until we can unlock their secrets our arms designers have steadily and efficiently progressed from simple bladed weapons, to explosive driven ballistic weapons both hand held and wheeled. The efficiency at which we can wage war has seen our more primitive rivals fall far short of the mark, save for one particular band of nomadic savages who rode great beasts with hides virtually impervious to our projectiles. But even they surrendered when they saw our inherited vessels descend from the heavens and now they toil what were their own lands for our benefit.

With an almost countless number of victories and planets settled it's fair to say we had become complacent. War was beginning to seem less like a contest and more like a forgone conclusion and it's possible we had become almost lazy with the amount of slave labour we had doing the heavy lifting for us. We had even brought them into our legions when compatible, but that brought with it its own difficulties with trivial squabbles between units as the conquered sought to be seen as equals just because they wore the same uniform. With such complacency and in house fighting taking place it was a logical choice to select our next target. A new focus would coalesce our forces and help them see each other as brothers in arms.

In hindsight, the flashing light should have been the first indication, every settlement previously had just a pleasing blue light surrounding the floating image of the planet, accompanied by the indecipherable text of the Originals, but this one had a flashing yellow strobe. Regardless, the atmosphere was perfect and it was clear the inhabitants, whilst anatomically similar in their evolution to our own, were still in the primitive stages of their development. As far as we could tell they had never managed interstellar travel and their radio signals were filled with nothing but vapid entertainment shows. They were, for all intents and purposes, oblivious to the universe around them and of the horrible noise they were creating for their neighbours. Moreover, sharing similar physical attributes would make them an ideal target for enslavement and recruitment into the Legion for future conquests. Showing them they're not alone, whilst painful to begin with, seemed almost merciful in the long run.

Our expeditionary force of twelve troop transports made landing on the coast of an island labelled "Australia" by the indigenous population. The city of "Sydney", as I'm told it is known, was quite a spectacle to behold as we descended, their architecture was nothing short of spectacular in places but oddly surrounded by almost modular residential construction with little thought given to aesthetics at all. The landing zone felt tailor made for us, although several days march from the city, it had long, interlocking roadways and hangars that we could take full advantage of as a staging base of operations. We had our diplomats disembark first to accept the surrender of these primitives. No such surrender is ever expected of course, indeed, it's not even desired, but peaceful integration had worked in the past and may just work again. Our diplomatic attache, having studied their language fastidiously for just this opportunity, were met by indigenous military representatives as they stepped foot upon the newest slice of our empire. It was strange that they had mobilized so quickly and should have been another warning sign but again complacency outshone reason. The locals had unambiguously refused our terms of complete surrender and seemed intent on long lasting diplomatic relations but our staff had the answer they wanted and justification for the forced enslavement of these creatures was obtained.

Our base of operations was labelled RAAF Richmond by the locals and as our legions marched off of the transports, ready to subdue our new enemy, they were greeted by a cacophony of noise and movement as great metal beasts rose into the air suspended by what seemed to be impossibly fast spinning windmills. Our Commander ignored the noise, ordered our troops into firing position and fired a full volley at the military personnel that greeted us, still intent on diplomatic relations. They predictably flailed back, blood exploding from their torsos, dead before they landed. It was then that a loud buzzing was heard and concrete exploded all around our legion for what seemed like an eternity. When the dust had cleared the survivors reported a greater than 90% casualty rate and the capture of all grounded assets. That was their last report.

In only five orbits of their star since that day we have come to know the sleeping giant we awakened. Not as our adversaries, but as our masters intent on being our mentors.

***My first attempt, be nice!