People don't address me as 'Prince.'  Being a prince means to be strong and fearless in battle.  My father,  our lands king,  has only ever acknowledged my presence when he needed something.  Since I can remember he's never even said I love you.  

Curse of being the youngest it seemed.  Or being named Líptis.  Life may of been better had mother lived through my birth, God's rest her soul. 

At the dinner table I overheard my older brother, Arkion, mention something about a battle royale.   He said it was to be the greatest showing of might the country had ever seen.  

Arkion had always been a loquacious sort.  He always spoke so highly of himself he didn't have time to compliment anyone else.  I'd spent my entire life listening to him and being on the receiving end of many of his beatings.  "All in good fun," he would spout with his nose held high.  

As per custom, I grabbed my plate and proceeded to take my leave when I heard father speak.  He rarely spoke these days.  His gritty voice managed to choke out a few words.  "Gain favor from one of the Gods," he spat.  "From them you can draw great strength."  Father dropped his fork and shoved his plate away.  He coughed up blood as the servants lifted him to carry him to his chambers.  

I stood dumbfounded at what he just said.  Gain favor from the Gods themselves?  Would the Gods bestow their power upon mortal men?  For something as petty as a battle royale no less?  Surely they had better things to do. 

I stood near the doorway contemplating his words when I heard, "move worm."  In my haste to clear a path I fumbled my plate spilling food all over.  Father scoffed and said, "you...are the epitome of dissapointment."  "You too shall partake in the battle royale," he seethed.  "One less mouth to feed."  I turned away from his glare and began cleaning up.  Father walked on soon followed by Arkion.

Arkion bellowed, "yes, please do fight so that I can cut you down properly, for I shall gain the favor of Poseidon."  "The winner will reign over the country and its many kingdoms after all," Arkion said, "who better than I."  Arkion strutted away in his typical arrogant fashion.

I lied in bed that night with eyes closed yet still wide awake.   The cicadas singing their song for all to hear.  To think that a battle royale could determine the fate of an entire country.  My thoughts drifted between disbelief and fantastical thoughts.   What if I won,  I mulled.  What kind of ruler would I be?

A soft chime sounded near my ear.  I jerked upward as it grew louder,  then suddenly ceased.  I no longer heard the familiar sound of the cicadas.  I sat there unable to move as the room grew cold and colder still.  Fear gripped me as the hair on my neck stood on end.  You, I said,  as a wave of recognition settled over me.   I saw nothing yet knew who he was,  what... he was.

A whisper formed in my left ear and echoed through my mind.   "Young Líptis, your time has come."  "Join me and share in my power."  Y..you know my name,  I stammered.   "Yessss, I know all about you, " the voice proclaimed.  "Do you know of me?," it asked.   I hesitated,  barely able to form the word I managed to whisper...Thanatos.  I shuddered as cold fingers rested on my shoulders.  I found an odd sense of comfort in the gesture that placed me at ease.   I wanted to turn around but instinct said otherwise. 

In a proud tone Thanatos said,  " my boy, you shall share in my power."  "You will win this foolish tournament and rule over this land as my heir."  Heir, I asked curiously.  "Why yes, your mother sends her love."









