twenty four thousand, nine hundred and two miles per millennium…

one hundred thirty one thousand, four hundred and eighty three feet per anum…

ten thousand, nine hundred and fifty seven thousand feet per month…	

two thousand, seven hundred and thirty nine feet per week…

four thousand, three hundred and twenty inches per day…

one hundred and eigh –

“Hey!  Hey!  I think I found something!” his thoughts were interrupted by his partner’s sudden shrill screech, just another addition to the discordant cacophony that had plagued the pair ever since they had arrived in this infernal desert that was their quadrant to patrol.  The shriek of the wind, the squeal of sand being dragged across their visors by sudden gusts of air, the whine of their mechanical walkers long since overdue for repair in this arid desert climate, even the intonation of his own voice as he struggled to keep a civilized composure.

He looked up, annoyed.

“You what?!”, he yelled, his voice muffled by his respirator and almost inaudible over the relentless desert winds.

“I said I think I found something!”

The dark-clad figure, noticeably out of place in the tan desert landscape, motioned him over.

Exasperated, he hiked uphill to the waist of the sand dune atop which the second figure stood expectantly, stomping to a halt within shouting distance so he could berate his overzealous colleague.

“Look guy, I know you’re excited about this job and all, and it’s probably a great step up from wherever you were shoveling shit, or hauling shit, or producing shit out of your –“

“But I was a –“

“I’m not done yet” he said, extending a gloved finger in an authoritative fashion. “Our job is to scan the quadrant for obvious danger or undesirables left behind by the east-siders when they were here last and let the salvage and terraform guys who come in after us to do the…you know…*actual* archeology?”

The figure atop the hill stood sheepishly, breaking the silence of the older colleague’s stare when it became unbearable. “I really think this one is different. You’ve gotta see this!”, and began gesturing frantically at a spot on the ground.

He sighed and continued up the slope, wondering how he ever got stuck with the new guy. Really, last week it was a rock shaped like a cantaloupe, and a mummified lizard two weeks before that.  I mean, it hadn't been so bad when their quadrant was passing through ocean three months ago, and the beach might have even been considered pleasant, but ever since they hit the desert it had been unbearable. The surveyor five quadrants up had a new recruit too, but at least his was a hot chick, not like it made any difference in their loose bulky biosuits.  Still…imagination was a man’s best friend on these frontier hikes.

He reached the top of the dune and looked down, there in the swirling miasma of sand was a stone tablet.  It had once been painted but the ages had long since worn it down, though the engraving on the face was still decipherable.

“Hey, you read east-sider don’t you?”, the recruit looked at him with a childish expectation that was all too obvious, even under the full face mask he wore. “This is at least 500 years old right?  It could be groundbreaking important communication from the other side!  What does it say?!”, he was almost bouncing with expectation.

“Wow kid, you really outdid yourself this time", he said with a snicker in his voice. "I think we might even be up for a commendation”, the sarcasm tangibly palpable in his voice. "You ready for this?" he asked, as his companian excitedly nodded his head. “It says, ‘West-siders suck, east-side was here’ “, he chortled as he looked up into the face of his despondent companion.

“Yep”, he said as he stumbled downhill chuckling to himself, leaving the other figure standing dejectedly amidst the wind. “A real find, that one”.

Six more months, he thought, as he resumed his patrol course.  Six more months of this, and then three months rotated out into the interior for some rest. Hopefully he’d find something valuable to pawn in that time, he mused, as he went back to counting his steps.

twenty four thousand, nine hundred and two miles per millennium…

one hundred thirty one thousand, four hundred and eighty three feet per anum…

ten thousand, nine hundred and fifty seven thousand feet per month…	

two thousand, seven hundred and thirty nine feet per week…
