I wipe off my sweaty palms as I move toward the pearly gates. I watch them approach from a distance and what runs through my mind is my family. I prepared them the best I could but I had no more to offer. I was always skeptical of new technologies but everyone seemed to like them, perhaps I was wrong. Everyone was wired in but I was always uncomfortable being away from the real world for more than a couple hours. Everyone had machines taking care of their bodies while they were distracted by the latest movie or game. I liked getting out for a run when I could, get healthy the old fashioned way. The sights weren't great as they were in disrepair from neglect. I cleaned and ironed my own suit, which I now wore to meet the guards for judgment. I must be the first person they've seen in ages. Everyone elected to stay alive. It wasn't like times past. The death rate has been zero and the government is considering death as a crime now. I managed to hack the system so my health checkup came in clean every time and a little avatar is setup as me doing mundane things. I wanted to live as my ancestors past and go when it was time. My life took its natural course and now I stare up at the gates. The guard towers are empty. I call out, "anybody home?" No reply. Does this mean I go to hell? This is bullshit. For what crime? For dying? Is that not allowed in god's eyes as well? Looking for an explanation I shake the bars and all of the sudden they open. With my spirits lifted a little I walk in. I look around and call out, “Mary, Jesus, Zeus, anybody home?” No response but I spot someone lounging in the distance. I suppose there’s not much else to do up here. Hey buddy can you give me directions to… woah, that’s not a red shirt he’s wearing. Hmm, white beard, could this be the big guy I was looking for? A clean incision right through the back and into the heart. No waisted effort and I know who kills like this and they may be looking for me now. My suspicions were correct. It was a little too comfortable on earth. No effort for all the pleasures imaginable. The catch, no need for transcendence. These robots have killed god and no one will ever find out since no one dies anymore. Unless I can relay the message. I don’t know how long my avatar will keep them from noticing my disappearance but that’s my only cover. They left of console here of course, brash enough to kill god with no dignity to spare. At least I have a way of communicating with earth. I can still get into my social sights and let my friends know what’s going on and they can spread the message before the bots know what’s hit them. “I know my avatar says I’m doing my usual thing but I’ve died but god’s dead and the AI bastards killed him. This is code red. No joke. Spread this news far and wide.” Like wild fire I see the channels light up and it’s all over the news. There are outcries of rage and hate for the AI government. It sends ripples through the government and then it goes black. After a few weeks of silence I hear rustling behind me. I jump out of the way. If the robots are after me I have no defenses but I’ll give em’ a fight. A short dark haired gentleman appears, “Hey, you’re the guy everyone’s looking for?” “This is great this must mean people have gone back to living how they used to, without AI.” I say as I’m patting myself on the back. Then the gentleman starts charging with rage in his eyes. A scuffle ensues but then a sound plays from the console. What I see across the news is people starving and dying of thirst. No one know how to live apart from the net anymore. Even if they wanted to rebel it would surely mean the end of them. There are campaigns demonizing me. I have some company now passed the pearly gates. At first they hated me but when they see what they escaped from they began to call this place heaven.