President Pushkin hung his head in his hands as Commander in Chief Qin personally led the Chinese land forces into Red Square.  The entire month of February had been an endless series of frustrations, as nothing could stop the 100 million man army inevitably marching through Novosibirsk, Yekaterinburg, and Kazan.  Birth rates had plummeted for the better part of the century throughout Russia, and no amount of technology, armaments, or diplomacy could stop such a throng of people.  

His country had been through a lot over the centuries, but there was a bitter sting of shame in knowing that Qin was about to achieve what so many had failed on his watch. Pushkin looked out onto the square, and dejectedly slugged what was left of his vodka.

---

"And that's another 6, I take Moscow!" beamed Odin, moving his piece, President Qin into the Russian capital.

Ra quipped, "Certainly took you long enough, you gave up a huge lead trying before, and now you've left Guangzhou vulnerable."

"Well that doesn't matter anymore," Odin grinned, as he flipped over his mission card:

> Conquer Russia in the Winter with a Land Army

"Noooo!" exclaimed Poseidon as he flipped over his card "I was one turn away from finishing cold fusion and winning!"

"Oh man, should have seen that coming, must have hurt to fail so spectacularly at it twice before," groaned Ra.

"Actually, I intended to lose both of those campaigns," explained Odin.  "I knew I couldn't win back then, so I did my best to keep you two at bay, and set the stage for a later victory.  A land victory in the winter would have been impossible with the temperature so cold, so I used both of those campaigns to accelerate global warming as much as I could."  

"My Napoleon campaign advanced the development of nation states, and indirectly led to the Industrial Revolution.  My Hitler campaign rapidly accelerated technological development on all sides.  By the time my Qin campaign came around, Moscow was a balmy 20°C in February, eliminating the +2 defensive bonus."

"Well nicely played, shuffle the globe and go again?" asked Poseidon, "Here I was thinking you just had terrible luck."

The One-eyed deity smiled and he leaned back in his chair, "You should know better Poseidon, a god does not play dice."