They collectively held their breath as George restrained the woman, tightly binding a gag around her mouth. 

"That was a good idea, Fear," Joy smiled. "Precautions are important. Remember when the last one screamed loud enough to wake the neighbourhood? Gave me quite a turn, too."

Joy's smiled widened, and he began giggling softly as George really got to work. He got out *both* the knife and the poker, oh goody, oh it was so much fun - 

"I'm going to be sick," Disgust murmured, turning away with a grimace. He'd always been a little squeamish about what George enjoyed doing. Sadness gave him a glance and sighed.

"Strange to watch him get better at it, isn't it? Remember when it was just the animals? Those times weren't quite as sad. I always find it a little depressing when he damages their faces. It's hard to watch, isn't it?" Sadness said, patting Disgust's shoulder. They cringed back as Joy rounded on them, bright blue eyes lit with fury in that moment.

"It's not *sad*, it's fun! Why do I have to keep telling you? When will you two stop whining?"

Rage, who'd been ignoring them all, suddenly growled from his corner. He rose, skin glowing red as he glowered down at the woman. 

"Look at her, the bitch. Look at her eyes. She despises us. Can you believe that *disrespect*? How dare she?" he said, and wrenched the controls away from Joy. He gave a strangled roar and stabbed the buttons, making Fear whimper in panic as the woman's body was torn apart.

Disgust scuttled away to vomit in the corner as Fear and Sadness clutched at each other for support. Joy restrained the laughter that had built in him at the sight of Rage at work. Not now, not now. It was more important to help the others, to bring them around. George would never be completely happy if they kept ruining the mood. The trick was to make them excited about his growth, about where he was heading....

Rage was still at work. There was a ripping sound as he yanked at the dead woman's hair. He turned to Joy with a grin, and in that moment, they were one emotion.

"Look what I got! We can put this somewhere, right, Joy? Right?"

"Absolutely!" Joy chuckled, and heard a distant cracking sound. In the deepest depths of George's mind, something was growing. A bright and wonderful place, full of possibility. The ground of the island was strewn with bright strands of blonde hair - the same hair George had taken.

"Look at that, guys! Trophy Island!" Joy laughed, clapping his hands. "Isn't that wonderful? Guys?"

He turned to see Disgust, Fear and Sadness trying to wrench the new core memory, which was a swirling mix of red and yellow, free from its slot.

"It's not right!" Disgust screamed, tears coursing down his face. The others were scrambling to help him. Fear was almost hyperventilating. 

"They'll catch us for sure, we should wipe the memory just in case!" he babbled.

"It's sick, don't you see, it'll affect him badly, this will ruin him forever - " Disgust was saying, Sadness nodding at every word.

At that moment, the memory chute gave a gurgle as they ventured too close to its opening. The three of them yelled as, one by one, they got sucked away from the Control Room, and dumped in the cramped, narrow plains of George's mind.

Rage and Joy glanced thoughtfully at one another.

"So...should we go after them?" Joy asked.

"I think we can work well on our own, don't you? I never liked them, anyway. They just held us back," Rage said, sliding behind the Control Panel, eyes glinting red as he touched the buttons.

---------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.