In this light she looked frightening. A shade of pale reserved for statues but eyes black as the deepest opal. She smiled at me, reaching for the sugar dispenser and brushed my hand. I blushed and brushed my curly locks from my face. 

“We can’t keep meeting like this.” I told her. 

“That’s corny.” She quipped, leaning towards her glass and closing her lips around the red straw.

I hesitated. I didn’t know what to say… I couldn’t speak. I wanted to, but my mind was blank. I simply wanted her to love me, a too young me, a too naive me. And her: Old as night, but unblemished by age. She broke the silence first.

“This is not a thing people do. I’m no one’s friend, and especially no one’s lover.”

I stuttered, “Oh, I didn’t mean to… I mean, I just thought we could talk and…”
She reached out intentionally this time wrapping her fingers around mine.

“We met. I let you touch me. Kiss me. But know I am not even here. I’m as real as your reflection in this table.”
And she was right: I was there reflected in the diner’s blue glow and she was not. I was seemingly alone.

“You’re here.” I pleaded.

“Right, I’m here.” The Raveness purred, raising her hand to the lady at the counter, “Waitress.”

“I just want to be with you. You’re the only one that sees me, like really sees me. I love…”

“No.” she stops me there. Dead in my tracks. 

“Can I get this?” she says pointing to a waffle platter. “For her.”
The waitress nods, sauntering away.
 
“See, you did this… thing. I’m not a judge, I’m merely an arbiter. But what we do has consequences and… What I’m saying is, I was wrong to kiss you. You’re merely a child. A beautiful child, but a child.” she said.

“I’m 22. You can’t tell me I’m a child.”

“You’re right, this human… thing. The nature of it confuses me, like a song you whisper under your breath for years not realizing you had the lyrics all wrong. Then the years pass and all the lyrics get jumbled… That’s what humans are to me. A sound in a room that at once makes sense and doesn’t, and then you came along, and I could touch you… imagine feeling a song. Touching it with your fingers…”
She stroked my hand with her finger tips and the hairs on my arm bristled and a ripple of pleasure tunneled into me. She continued. 

“But it was wrong. And now, this is where we will have to cross a different path. Do you see that out there?”
I saw a police cruiser pulling into the empty diner lot. They didn’t have their roof lights going blue and red, just headlights pointing into the diner, at me.

“Are they here for me?” I ask.

“He is. But you knew that.” 

“I only want to be with you.” I plead with her.

“You will. Again and again.”
 
The bell above the swinging glass door vibrated at a strange resonance, and I looked over her shoulder to see deep socketed eyes turning back and forth across the room. He saw me and came over. By the time I turned back to her, she was gone. 
 
“She’s gone. It’s done. Cecilia took the pills and slept and didn’t wake it was painless. She wouldn’t let me intervene.” the policeman said weakly.
I tried to reply, “I’m sorry for your loss…” 

“Don’t. I know she wanted it. I logged your conversations, okay? I bugged her computer. She was complicit, but… you get pleasure out of this don’t you? Fucking…” he stops himself briefly, his face twisted and his eyes lost in a well of red, “part of me wants to strangle you here and now.”

“What do we do now? Is the next one you or me?” I ask him.
 
He sat with his head in his hands for a while. His large round arms shook with each stifled inhale. 
