*Main Character Syndrome* Jacques pondered. The day had been very hard to remember, as if entire chunks of the day were just... gone.

“Jac!” A voice distantly called out. “Jac!”

Suddenly, Jacques was jerked out of his trance-like state. “Jac! What the hell dude? You gonna play some dodgeball or what?” It was Christian, Jacques’s long-time friend of... who knows how long.

“Yeah, sorry, I was just zoned out.” replied Jacques, getting off the bench and lining up for the game of dodgeball.

As he lined up on the orange baseline of the basketball court, he looked to his left, then to his right, noticing that his team was stacked with typical high school nerds. When he looked across the court, the opposing team seemed to be comprised of the biggest jocks in school. Time seemed to slow, every tick of the clock seemed to boom across the gym. The coach’s whistle blew, and the game was on. 

He rushed to mid-court, noticing that four enemy players had reached the line of dodgeballs, while the only other player who rushed mid-court on Jacques’s team was Christian.  Time slowed even further, and the light began to dim. The four enemy players were highlighted by Jacques’s suddenly heightened instincts and athletic ability.

*Four players. Three to my right, one to my left. If I’m not mistaken, the one on my left will immediately pick up two balls and throw one at me, the ones on my right will supply balls to their team.* Jacques couldn’t be any more correct, from his left, a dodgeball came whirling at him, which he caught, spun around, threw, and hit one of the players to his right. He then began throwing as many balls as he could behind him to his team, and retreated. 

His team was easily picked off, one by one, taking on the enemy team by themselves.

Alas, there were five players left on the court. The three jocks from the beginning of the game, then there was Jacques and Christian.

“What’re you waiting for, pansy?” Taunted one of the enemy players. Jacques chucked a ball at him, and nailed him in his shoulder. Infuriated, one of the jocks hurled a ball at Jacques. Jacques dodged the ball, without realizing Christian was right behind him, unaware of the oncoming ball.

“No!” Screamed Jacques, as the ball hit Christian in his face in slow motion. The coach’s whistle blew as Christian fell to the ground from the force of the ball, while the other team celebrated.

“Hey man, you’re going to be okay. It’s alright.” Jacques soothed as he held Christian in his arms. Christian’s right eye was quickly swelling.

“Win this for us.” Christian whispered, clearly still dazed from the hit.

Coach came running to Christian’s aid, but it was obvious. It was too late for Christian, he had to be escorted off the court. 

“You’ll pay for that!”  Jacques yelled as he got up.

The enemy team paled in fear. Jacques stood in such a way that his muscles seemed to bulge more, and grew taller. “Nobody hurts my friends!”

As soon as play resumed, Jacques threw a ball straight into the air. The two opposing players confused, stared at the airborne ball, while Jacques retrieved a ball from mid-court and slung it at the unsuspecting jock. Shocked, the remaining jock who was not hit by the ball looked at his now fallen teammate, unaware that Jacques had just caught the ball that was once airborne, and was cocking back his arm to throw. 

Last second, the last remaining enemy player managed to turn towards the ball, just in time to see it right before he was pelted in the face. Game over.

Jacques stood there, triumphant, a fist in the air, while his team rushed to celebrate.

—