I stood in the auditorium, in line with all the rest of the students. We had been sorted by major, then allowed to line up as we saw fit to avoid the department heads from picking and choosing who got which assignment.

Small leather booklets, like our diplomas would come in, were passed to each person as they reached the head of their line, where they were ushered into a side room based on the letter and number on the front of the leather bound paper holder.

Looking at the one I was passed, I flicked my eyes up to catch my Professor giving me a wary look.

Through the door, I walked the hall to room PQ5, and sat on the bench in the back of the closet-sized room.

I waited patiently, squeezing myself up against the wall when others joined me in the room and sat.

"Good day, students. Please check with the fellow inhabitants of your respective rooms that you are in the proper place, as it will be an automatic fail if you attend the wrong briefing. You have five minutes to check, double check, then head to the correct rooms. Good day." The stuffy voice of the equally stuffy Dean boomed through each of the rooms, echoing throughout the hall.

Within only a few seconds, someone had checked the plaque above the door, then laid out our respective cases, sending a single person out of the bakers dozen away, their Q having been a strange O instead.

We waited, chattering quietly as each second dragged out, turning the remaining 4 or so minutes into hours.

At the exact second the five minutes had ended, a sharp knock broke the tense air, and a young woman, one of the teachers, stepped into the room.

"Greetings. I'm here to explain your final assignments. As I presume you've guessed," she paused, looking each of us in the eyes before continuing, "Each room is divided by major, by type of assignment, then by location. Well, Q5, you have one of the more interesting locations, but once opened, your files should explain at least a little."

I flipped open my folder, and my stomach felt like it flipped just as much.

In an extremely blocky font at the top of each of our files was V.I.C.I. or Valencia Institute for the Criminally Insane.

As I scanned the room, I saw many of the same reactions.

Theirs were nothing, though. Some had nurses and some less problematic patients, like flashers.

Under patient name, mine read Lector, Hannibal.

I'd never doubted my conviction to go into criminal psychology more than that very second.