In a way I'm glad.

My mirror shows my face, but I can change it at will.  Only the color of my hair remains the same.

Jet black.

But here comes a streak of snow.  I hold it out, eyes straining at the single strand.  

Yoink.  

Pull it out.

I've watched this happen to thousands of friends and family.  Vanity and delusion brush the process off, but its implication is irrefutable.  

Death comes for you on a white horse.

Anyone who desires immortality doesn't really mean what they say.  What they really mean is that they want several thousand years to do whatever they wish.  A utopian dream where there are no consequences for their actions.

Actual immortality is highly overrated.  

I've lived while thousands of lovers have died, watched their hair shrink and nails grow.  The creases and folds of flesh worn down by time.

Irrevocably moving forward.

Every child I've ever had now rots in the earth, and the generations replicated at such a rate I have no idea how many carry my DNA.

Perhaps it was a way to replicate whatever genetic fuck up prevents my aging process, but perhaps now it finally shows signs of breaking.

Down the sink the hair goes.

Run the water.

Where it rushes, nobody knows.

My hands have been stained with blood and gore, held the hands of infants, crushed between the fingers soil from a hundred foreign nations.

And I choose a small one bedroom apartment in a city where no one cares about your name.

Life is a tiring thing.  Millions of nights sleeping do little to avert the pervasive exhaustion.  

I wondered how it would feel, to be left in the infinite cold of space after the planet fractured and dissolved before my feet.  

I can feel pain and loneliness, heat and cold.  

So in a way, I am glad.

Deep breaths.

The air somehow tastes sweeter.

Press a hand against the cold windowpane.

Beauty.

Meaning.

Yes, in a way, I am glad.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato