I’m telling you, a good sword is well worth the effort.” Anders insisted. I wasn’t convinced. The sword was pretty enough, the hilt made of gold with jewels dotted up the pommel. Surely with all this time and effort we could just loot another farmhouse or waylay a trader.


“Never liked swords, give me a good axe any day.” Garth grunted derisively, he eyes Anders worn arming sword and spat a thick wad of phlegm. Anders shook his head at the big man.


“An axe is a brutal tool, effective yes but nothing on the sword. The sword is a part of the gentleman’s attire, he is naked without it.” Anders words bought on more groans from the rest of the troop. It was mostly in jest, Anders uncanny ability to mimic the nobility was incredibly useful. Besides the sword was probably valuable and it was unlikely any of us would die getting it. I frowned at my pickaxe, assuming we could get it. Not even Garth had made the sword twitch. His muscles had bulged, and his face flushed bright red, but the sword had not moved.


Our gang entered the clearing with the sword at its center. Behind it was a lovely lake, the water was a deep blue, almost black, and it bought an unnerving chill to the air.


“Well come on, get on with it.” I ordered shifting uncomfortably as I scanned the lakes surface. A part of my mind warned that something was looking back. I shook my head vigorously and joined the others.


We, Garth really, made short work of the boulder that held the sword. Splinters and shards of rock were strewn across the clearing. Garth’s breath puffed with exertion and he gestured to the sword.


“Hold that for me boss while I get the last bit.” Garth managed between wheezes. Anders was lounging against a tree trimming his nails. The rest of the gang were at rest admiring their ‘hard’ work. I lifted the sword and gave it a once over. Even with a lump of rock attached to the end it was weighted wonderfully. With the blade uncovered I could see runes running down its length. The blood runnels were set with inscriptions that pulled at something within me.


Garth grunted and swung powerfully at the rock. He struck it clean and I was sure the sword would be pulled form my grip. Somehow, I held on and the remains of the rock fell away.


“Well…I guess that counts.” A husky voice spoke. It seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere.


The gang froze and stared fearfully around them. I felt as timid as they looked. Even Anders, merciless in his mockery of our ‘superstitions’, looked alarmed.


“You Sir, are now the rightful King of Camelot, scourge of the Saxons and the defender of all Britons.” The voice spoke again, coming this time from the lake. The group turned slowly to face it. Standing in the center of the lake was the fairest maiden I had ever seen. Her skin was pale as moonlight and her hair fell like golden rain to her waist. The lady’s eyes were as green as the forest around us. I gawped at her in stunned silence.


Before continuing the lady walked slowly across the waters surface. Her feet barely disturbed the waters surface, sending out only the faintest ripples where she stepped. Around me my companions feel to their knees. I heard mumbled prayers and Garth was sobbing. I was rooted to the spot, an urge told me to flee, another to join my men in worship but something else held me on my feet. I felt a warmth run through my hand and up my arm. Looking down at the sword once more it looked and felt right in my hand. We would not be selling this.


The lady smiled when she reached me. Her teeth were perfect pearly white. Unbidden my mouth grinned crookedly back to her. Her hand slapped powerfully against my cheek. The sound rang throughout the clearing, silencing the prayers of my fellows.


“Thomas of Lincoln, you began this day as a murderer, thief and scoundrel. You have much and more to answer and atone for.” The lady’s voice was harsh, and I felt her wrath crash into me like a wave into shore.


“But you hold Excalibur. No man can wield it without chivalry. You will not longer be Thomas of Lincoln. From this day hence forth you are Arthur reborn. King Arthur, the Pendragon, Ap Uther and rightful King of the Britons. Your people’s lands are awash with men from lands afar. Saxons, Normans and Angles roam the lost lands. You will lead the Britons to many battles, and you will bring them victory. Go now Arthur the Second.” The lady turned and walked gracefully back to the lake. When she reached the waters edge, she slipped easily under the surface. When it reached her chest as question popped into my mind.


“Where will I find the Britons?” I shouted after her. The lady paused before turning to answer.


“Your people call it Wales.”


“Wales!?” Anders shouted indignantly before being silenced by glares from me, the Lady and Garth. The lady returned to the water and disappeared. The water scarcely shifted where she had entered.


The magic of her presence remained on the clearing. I stood in silence once more, allowing her words to stew within me. Anders sighed heavily and finally burst.


“Wales!? I hate Wales! It’s all sheep, rain and hills. All they do its talk about fishing and shooting bows. It’s the where culture goes to die!” He continued to rant effectively dispelling the men’s stunned silence. A dozen voices began to pester me with questions. I answered none of them.


“Quiet!!” Garth bellowed. The gang feel silent but stared expectantly at me.


“What are we doing, boss?” Garth asked me after a long moment.


“King, not boss.” I answered feeling sure of my thoughts.


“What are we doing my king?” Anders asked with only a hint of sarcasm.


“We’re going to Wales.” I answered, staring intently at Excalibur.
