I was walking down the street when I died. Shot by a guy's girlfriend whom she had cheated on me with. Had a bullet to the chest, then to the head. My last words were, 'Help...' I then woke up in a white room with the Grim Reaper himself standing over me. He looked nothing like I had imagine. He had fangs, dead skin on his face, a smile that would make anyone shudder, and no nose. His eyes were completely red, he was all my fears. He then said, 'Get up. Now.' I was too stunned to get up. 'Who...arrre...youuuu?' I stuttered. 'Who in the Nine Hells do you think I am? I'm obviously the Grim Reaper.' I said to him, 'I'm not getting up until you tell me what's going on.' He turned around, fangs bared, and his scythe prepared to attack. 'You either come with me, or die another death and go to Hell, your choice.' I then hurried along with him as he walked. I was too silent to ask questions, so I just walked with him. This is when we approached some mirrors. I then saw that my face had a chunk of it missing from the gunshot from earlier. My left eye and side of my face were missing. I screamed and then I reached there. My face was perfectly intact. We continued to walk, where I saw torture methods used I will never forget. I then realized where we were, anything was possible. Suddenly, the Grim Reaper stopped. He then produced a gun out of midair and told me, 'Aim for anything that comes at you. I may or may not live through this, so be prepared.' I then asked, 'What would I need protecting from?' Then I heard guttural growls, almost as if they were desperate to eat anything. Including me. Out of nowhere, these monsters came out. The problem was, they had nearly the same face as my killer. Except their faces was had blood searing down. A scar across the cheek and mouth, a nearly ripped off forehead and horrors to great to describe. I then shot the one nearest to me, taking off part of its face, killing it. The Grim Reaper stabbed five of it with its scythe, killing them. I shot three of them in the head. The battle chugged along until almost a eternity later, we won. We then continued to walk, until finally, I went into the light of Heaven.
The Grim Reaper said, 'You are the most formidable fighter I've ever met. You deserve to go to Heaven.' 


*I know this story kinda sucks, it's a very rough draft, but I'm going to put it out here. Criticism is welcome.*