Blue.

The first thing Matt noticed was that color, that perfect sky-blue color of her eyes, as she walked down the street. Her jet black hair was tied back in a ponytail that bobbed back and forth as she walked, her pretty face masked in apprehension and nervousness.

But her eyes were blue. That was the first thing he noticed.

Behind her, a child cried in mortal terror as the woman approached Matt. An older woman pulled the child away, crossing herself with her free hand. Matt couldn't understand; *why is everyone so scared of her?* he thought. *She's beautiful.*

"H-hello? You can see me?" she asked. Her voice was like a spring breeze; quiet and gentle.

"Yeah..." Matt replied. "I think everyone here can see you, miss. Uh..."

A man in a business suit, for reasons Matt couldn't understand, took a look at the woman and voided himself. The blue-eyed woman ignored him, focusing on Matt. "Everyone sees me they way they want to see me. Most people see me as repulsive. Scary. Feared. But not you."

Matt gave a grunt of confusion, not looking away from the woman's blue eyes. Somewhere nearby, someone asked, "Dear God! What happened to *her?!*"

"I don't know why everyone's acting like that," Matt said. "You're beautiful."

"Am I?" The woman smiled; small crimson-stained lips hiding perfect white teeth. "Nobody's really called me that in a long time."

"Not even your parents?" Matt asked, surprised. "I'm sure you were a beautiful baby--"

"I'm not sure." She sighed, trying to remember. Matt couldn't help but admire the way the woman's chest heaved beneath her tank top. "That was a *very* long time ago, Matthew."

"Wait, you know me?"

"I know everyone. Everyone who is born, everyone who ever lived. But more importantly... how everyone dies."

"A psychic?" Matt wondered, trying to ignore the couple passing behind the woman.

"No. Far worse. I know when everyone's time is, Matthew. I'm the end of the road. Journey's end. The Midnight Train to Georgia. The last train for the coast." Smiling a bit at what she thought was a joke, the woman added, "I am Death."

"Like that woman from the comics with the bigass sword and the black leather bikini?"

"An impostor. And that's Lady Death. I'm just plain 'Death.'"

"Well. Uh... pleased to meet you?" Matt extended his hand, then suddenly jerked it back in shock. "Wait! If I touch you, does that mean I'm gonna--"

"That's not how it works, Matthew. I show up when someone's about to die, and I guide them on to What's Next." Death looked at the crowded street nervously. "You can tell most people don't want to deal with me..."

"Well, not many people want to really think about dying," Matt said.

"It's sad, yes, but it's a natural part of life. Everyone meets me sooner or later," Death replied. "But you're the first person to see me as a thing of beauty. Everyone else sees a desiccated skeleton with a shroud and a scythe, like I'm some kind of crappy Halloween decoration."

"No scythe?"

"No scythe."

The brown-haired man heaved a sigh of relief. "Well, that's one less thing to worry about, then," he said. "Does this have anything to do with [that guy who tried to summon the Devil last year?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/4io63l/wp_a_man_tries_to_sell_his_soul_satan_to_get_a/d32fwli) Swear to God, he woke me up at three in the morning blasting the Phantom of the Opera..."

"Huh? Oh, that guy!" Death shook her head. "No. That's Satan you're thinking of. I'm nothing like her."

Matt chuckled. "I can only imagine," he said. He again extended his hand, and Death took it. "So... if you don't mind my asking, Death... what brings you here?"

"I was curious." Her blue-painted nails gently brushed his flesh as their hands shook.

"Curious about humanity? I'm sure you've heard all the stories--"

"No. About *you.* It might be mere coincidence, but... you are the only person I've met to see me as beautiful."

"What's the catch?" Matt wondered.

"You are also the only person on Earth whose name is not on my list."