Age 10. Pickles. 

She entered her fathers study. Walls as high as the ceoming with books, objects. She was already on the highest ladder. Her curiosity was sparked by the shapes that was made out by the weak light shining through them. Jars. Glass jars of preserved animals. She knew some of them were centuries old, but a few of the jars were undated and only had scratches of roman numerals on them.

The bodies made her bauseated. Like she couldn’t swallow. Yet she was hungry. A bit tired and feeling out of it. She knew she couldn’t open the jars. The one that looked like pickles. She took it out, and let it hit the floor. Climbed down the ladder and picked it up. It looked like picles still to her, but had some tangly bits she couldn’t see properly at the bottom of the ladder. She was hungry, but didn’t want to lick something she couldn’t see. So sheput her lips on it. Just lightly and fir a Quick half second.

...


The tangly pickle like object curled up, she couldn’t see, but it had lighter, and round, before she had dropped it. Like sime rubber toy.
She didn’t hear it hit the marble floor. All her ears let her know was the gaping silence, only intereupted by her breath, a few clunky sounds, like someone had stepped on the marble floor nearby. In her absent mindedness she had dropped the ball and let ir roll away, all the way to the end of the shelf wall. And a crack in the stone had guided it around the corner. 

She gained her alertness back. Standing, eyes squinted and wide open, night vision.  Trying to look for the ball or pickle. Trying not to step in any big pieces of glass from the broken jar. Sve dared not take a single step.

A white Flash.

No sound. Just the light. Not bright. Soft, like the glow of a candle, but white. 
Of course, she had only barely seen it from around the corner. 


Nothing happened for two minutes. She stood there, wondering what had happened. A faint chirping. It must gave been the birds outside. 

Then a deep scream, almost like a roar, filled the whole room. Her curiosity came back. 

...
Can someone continue for me? Somethin roman legionaire prince who got stabbed in the stomache, and to preserve him, was turned into a frog. However he still had an open wound when he was turned back.