I wake to a gray cloudy day in the back of a pickup truck surrounded by maybe empty bottles in a Taco Bell parking lot. 

Nope. Fuck this. 

I snap my fingers and the clouds clear up, beams of radiant sunlight piercing through and reminding me of my hangover. 

"Ugh..."
A loose dry growl escapes my throat as I fumble for the door. Gripping the handle gently I pull. The door releases me along with around 42 of the bottles. 

We collectively clatter onto the pavement and a couple walking out of the restaurant gives me a funny look. 

We'll see who's funny, bastards. 

The man's face suddenly turns beet red, and the woman lets out a cry of disgust and steps away from him. I laugh to myself without making eye contact, as it'd probably strike the man odd if I was focusing on him the exact moment he lost control of his bowels. 

They leave in quite a hurry, such a hurry that I notice the man drop his wallet. You'd think I'd make him do it but I swear to me I didn't. HOWEVER, I can't pass up this opportunity. I push myself up to my two feet and stumble over to the wallet. Digging through its contents I find my Holy Grail: his library card. Stowing it away I wave my hand over the wallet and it dissappears. It'll be back in his pocket before he even knew he dropped it. 

With 13.8% of my hangover having abated I deem myself suitable for driving and take the truck on the road. As I swerve from lane to lane without using my turn signal I get a few angry honks from the other drivers. Assholes. Guess I'll have to set their car alarms off later tonight. 

Finally I arrive at my destination. The Library. The most underrated collection of human knowledge of our time. I laugh to myself when I imagine what kinds of biographies could be written about me. If only they knew. But then, all hell would probably break loose. Also, I like being petty. I walk into main room and see a family with a small child. 

Children are time bombs. All you need is to pull the pin. 

Which is what I always do. 

I blink twice and the child starts "inexplicably" crying. Loudly. I hate it. And love it at the same time. Mostly 'cause they're getting kicked out... 

... Yep. There they go. 

I focus back to my petty mission. Hangover is about 41.6% abated. Damnit, my better judgment is coming back. Better knock this out fast. I stride over to the movie section and grab every single copy I can hold. 

Hmm. I need more room. 

I hold my shirt out and pile them all in, a sort of pouch. With all the movies in my possession I walk over to the desk. 

"Um, sir? You can't check out that ma-" the librarian starts before I wave my hands obnoxiously (spilling the videos) and shout "WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!" A glazed look crosses her face and she blandly responds "Here you go sir" 

I identify with Rick on a spiritual level. 

After walking out of the library I find a secluded spot in the back lawn and telepathically dig a hole in the ground. The movies orbit me, spinning faster and faster as they rise in the air and convene in a blinding flash of light. 

I stretch out the palm of my hand and onto its center falls an acorn. I plant it in the ground with a grin on my face. 

100 years from now this baby's gonna be popping out SD cards. 

I walk back to my truck, 86.4% of my hangover being over. Don't got much time left today. Maybe I'll relax for the rest of it. 

I spend the rest of my day laying on the grass in a park, watching the kids play basketball, utterly confused as to why they all suck at free throws. 