The Library contains all possible books. Every book is exactly the same length, 277 pages, although there is some debate about whether this is true everywhere in the Library. Each book contains exactly 245976 characters, a figure painstakingly calculated and debated, with most tribes in the Library instilling one person or the "counter" to determine the precise number, while some tribes just take it for granted, representing at complete random the 25 characters of the alphabet and a space, as well as occasionally the 10 Arabic numerals. As a result, the vast, vast majority of the books in the Library are considered little more than complete gibberish, and the rare tomes with even a partially coherent message, for example highly scrutinized codice with on page 8 of the book named thereof, the text "GENE AFSMQUESTFOR MARBLEDFRANKFURTERDSAFQ" are indeed revered and pondered extensively.

The Library of Any Books, of course, if you've read about it, is a series of hexagonal chambers, each of the sides consisting of books, exactly 488 in each of the respective shelves which constituted the walls. Between the chambers are walkways, four in each chamber leading horizontally, and a stairwell leading up and down to other chambers. In all respects the chambers are identical except for the contents of the books, which vary. There is a small bathroom for sleeping purposes in the hallways.

Some of the more brutish tribes, like those eight floors down and some twenty-odd hexagons southwest, as painstakingly mapped by a makeshift quill (made out of a book somehow as there are no other supplies) by our tribe's cartographer, spoke entirely different dialects and it was speculated that the books in their libraries might contain more than the customary 24 characters. Others, like me, believe that it's more likely they are just interpreting the same characters differently.

Most people agree that the library is finite. This observation is most often defended by supposition that all books exist in the library, which most people take for granted, as what else is there, and the fact that, given each book has exactly 188,452 characters, the total number of unique books, although enormous to calculate, has a number. This gives hope to seekers and tribes throughout the Library, as that means that every possible book in every possible manifestation, from Shakespeare's unwritten plays, to the correct and accurate events of Christ's death, to the book that describes why the library exists at all, how to escape the library, its purpose, etc., exists somewhere within the Library.

There's a story a seeker managed to hear from about twenty stories up, where people had sort of moved beyond the need to talk and their tribe only communicated in shallow grunts and by pointing to various letters in the books. However they somehow managed to painstakingly signal the meaning to him about a book that was unlike the other books. It has syntax and grammar and was painstakingly written out in stark contrast to the other books of uniform gibberish. It wasn't even the same size; its gargantuan print offset the entire bookshelf. Some people prefer to believe in the book. Some, like me, who have been here a little longer, know better. I've taken to ripping up the books and composing new adventures and selling them for rare books and book toilet paper, which isn't in high demand here.