15 silver medals, 15 consecutive second place finishes and 15 heartbreaks represented Dale's frustrating career as a professional PB&J producer. Bitter defeat in the final round of the National PB&J Making Competition (NPBJMC) for a third of Dale's life pushed him to the brink. His hands, punished by adamant practicing and preparation for the highlight of every year, now barely cling onto his wrists as his fingers droop down like ill-anchored gummy worms. This last contest, a devastating blowout at the hands of the dominant "Swiftwrist" seemingly clinched his calling. His hands began to deteriorate in deftness over recent years, and at his post-competition doctor's visit Dale was diagnosed with a nuanced form of Rheumatoid arthritis in both his gifted grasps. His career, his hopes and dreams, concluded with conviction.

Even at the tail end of his career, Dale crafted PB&J's at an adept rate of fifteen PB&J's a minute, but such a speed only secured second. Swiftwrist could in his prime eclipse 20 PB&J's in a minute, granting him the crown of PB&J making for all 15 years of the National PB&J Making Competition. His last victory held a 13 PB&J win differential over the runner-up, Dale, marking Dale's most decisive defeat. 

Dale went home to his specially engineered butter knives and threw them out instantly. He no longer possessed the skill worthy of such artisan apparatus, nor did he express any desire to ever again procure PB&J’s. He hustled to the Dollar Tree, the only place he could afford, and shopped for replacement knives, knives for regular people who don't make snacks for sport. There he found the most simple butter knife in likely the whole country, accepting that his lifelong failure deserves nothing of good quality. 

Every morning on, Dale made butter on toast. He favored it because he didn’t have to hold the knife in his hand for too long—the feeling terrorized him. The cheap knives lasted days before the poorly manufactured metal bent and made the knives nonfunctional. Three weeks passed until he reached the last knife in the Dollar Tree box. Little did he know he would never shop for a new knife again. 

This one knife in particular came with extraordinary culinary power. Upon just picking up the knife, Dale’s hands were masterfully controlled to spread his butter perfectly over the bread in the blink of an eye. Dale marveled at the utensil and felt empowered by his handle of it, covering the semi-burnt surface of an entire loaf of sliced bread in mere moments. With a stern grin he slammed the stick of butter in the trash and pursued the pantry, extending his arms full length to grab the peanut butter he hid deep on the end of his shelves. He then flew downstairs and flung himself over his basement debris to a secluded fridge, digging behind additional chilled groceries to find his most recent jar of jelly. In his kitchen, he stared at the two containers of the ingredients that forged his disappointing life, but no longer did he gaze with fear. The knife on the countertop spun 180 degrees on its own, pointing at the ingredients with serrated anticipation. Dale lifted his arm, and the knife lunged itself into his gallant grip. They charged for the bread and the containers and with a slash the length of a nanosecond a PB&J sat in front of Dale. He stepped back, pleased with potential but bothered by the long wait ahead of him. The contest was nearly 11 months away, but Dale already knew the winner. That morning, he ate the breakfast of champions.

Dale spent the offseason growing his chemistry with his new tool, bringing the knife everywhere he went and relying on it for more than solely spreading. Swiftwrist would train and certainly improve his time for another year, but no effort would beat Dale and his necromantic knife.  When the competition came, fans were surprised to see Dale in attendance almost a year after his arthritis diagnosis, but they knew not of the mystical metal that dispelled his exhausted embrace. Dale swept through the competition, as did Swiftwrist, surely aiming towards the 16th consecutive reunion between the fierce foes. Dale unleashed upon the crowd a jaw dropping display of PB&J construction, the fastest rate ever recorded at 30 PB&J’s a minute. By the time the final round came, Swiftwrist knew he did not have the divine dexterity. 

Dale triumphed over Swiftwrist in seconds, his opponent dropping his knife once Dale already surpassed 10 PB&Js. Dale raised his arms and knife in victory, but the furious Swiftwrist tarnished his name; “Cheater! This man is a cheater!” Dale, offended by his competitor, walked towards him with his knife pointing right between Swiftwrist’ eyes. Swiftwrist raised his knife and jabbed towards Dale but missed, exposing himself for Dale to aggressively attack. With an overhead swing, Dale’s knife skinned the face of the exposed Swiftwrist, followed by a breakneck beheading. The crowd feasted their eyes on the new king of PB&J production, and the king responded with a knife in the air and finally a crown atop his head. 

And that is the legend of The Great Gallantgrip.
