"So," Charles says, "what do you do?"

Charles, the DM. He's been here for a year now and is settling in fairly well. He's been playing DnD for ages, and his voice so often makes me tremble. This time is not any different."I grab my little brother and run for the brush by the cliff, to hide!"

"Right. Your brother screams and wriggles \- 'Dad, no! no dad, don't go!' he screams."

"Let me help out," Tikki says. Tikki's my best friend, we hit it off straight away when we met, ages ago. Her character is Ma'ata Ino, and twin brother to my Shi'ata Ino. "Come, little man. Be strong, and trust in dad. We have to go now.""Roll persuasion." Fifteen. "He calms down, but you don't know for how long. He's obviously upset."No shit, Charleslock. Damned brits.

"Ok, cool, then we run. Are there any dogs?" I ask.

"Not that you've noticed. So you hide?"

"Yeah. I roll.. nineteen! Ain't none gonna see this face!" I exclaim. We all hide, and we wait. Our characters are just kids even younger than us, so no fighting a losing battle.

"After a little while, you hear screams, and shots fired. You've managed to find some view, and see white men going through your village.""Are they bringing them into the village?" Tikki asks.

"No, they seem to only send in their hunters, at least for now."

"Right. We keep hiding. If they are to continue, they have to pass by below us anyway. I make sure Jidi" \- Jidi's our characters' little brother \- "can't see below."

"As you wait, the men are walking around in the perimeter of the village, looking for tracks. They find a girl who's one of your neighbours, but seem to be rushed \- they're not even close to your tracks before they stop looking. The girl is screaming, but they just beat her and take her away." Charles voice is eerily neutral. Woah. And this is when the game is toned down.

"A bit later you hear metal clinging and a large group of people walking."

"I lean a bit further into the brush hanging over the cliff. What do I see?" I ask.

"A raiding party of a few dozen white men and as many people in chains. When they get to the crossroad, they turn to the sea. Your dad is there, in chains. He sees you, and you both know this is the last time you see one another. What do you do?"