Changed prompt to a few minutes before:

Getting sick was the best thing to happen to Kathy in... who knows how long.

She’d been working so much to escape the noise, you know? Somehow, she’d fallen into the routine of just working and working and working; telling herself that distractions were what she needed. Yes... distractions. 

There were no distractions anymore. All there had even been were distractions. Too much time here, too much time there- it was never ending.

But now, in the comfort of her own home, Kathy would relax in darkness. In her favorite pjs, she would just lie in bed. No grading, no rumors, and no noise. Still, she couldn’t help think of the grief her students were giving the substitute right about now. Grief... did she use that right? They had explained it to her many times, but alas, she was an old dog. 

What time is it? 10? 11?

Kathy picked her phone up, half covering her eyes from the bright screen. Oh, it’s only 7:14. I haven’t slept at all, she thought. She cherished that thought though. When do you get to wake up at 7:14, as an adult, and know you can just... lay back down? Such a rare thing. A beautiful thing. 

Not for the substitute, Kathy laughed to herself. Jeremy is in, and holy shit is he a little prick some times. The thought of the substitute getting pulled into one of Jeremy’s heated debates was too much for Kathy and she laughed until her head hurt, which only made her laugh more, and soon enough, she was crying. Her tears stung her eyes and no matter how hard she tried to stop, she just couldn’t. 

Suddenly, she was on a hard surface. The tears in her eyes blurred everything, and the fluorescent lights were too bright for her throbbing head. All the noise didn’t help either. Noise, noise, noise; wait, what noise? Kathy wiped her eyes and realized where she was. She was in the back of her classroom where the workstations were. There was the supply closet, the cabinet full of beakers, and the eye washing station. 

As she stood up, she realized she wasn’t the only person here. There were... parents? Appearing right beside her. Almost out of thin air. What kind of fever dream is this? She asked herself, rubbing her eyes all the more.

“Mom?” “Dad?” Mom? Mom? Dad? Dad? Joey? Chris? Steph? What’s going on? WHATS GOING ON? 

“Ms. Stone?” 

There were her students. Some were slowly getting to their feet, the confusion on their face plain as day. What was going on? The noise grew louder, Kathy’s head throbbed, and then the door opened. 

The noise... was deafening. 