For 50 years we've ignored it, denied it, discussed with no action. We didn't understand it and we underestimated it. For years the Canadians, lead by their pretty liberal leader, had ranted about climate change. We thought they were a country of peaceful hippies, passionate about the environment, because their land was so beautiful. If only we knew it was a cry for help.

The first clue should of been in 2021, when the ever diminishing fighting in the NHL reached an all time high, capped off by the incident. David McConnor leading point player for 5 years, ended the career of life long rival Ike Jackel, when jumed into the other teams bench and cut him up with a skate. People blamed the life long pressure, drugs, his recently lost wife. If only we knew about the Geese.

The world rapidly started to change. Deadly batches of maple syrup were "accidentally" sent abroad. 7 major tragedies worldwide caused by malfunctions of Bombardie trains. 12 Rouge peacekeepers going on a Rampage, Tim Horton's became a murder hot spot. Somehow no one saw the connection. 

The world wasn't stupid, just ignorant, no one thinks about the Canadians. There just there, being polite, pushing for world wide environmental reform. Who could of thought there was anything more to them than that. That they were so polite for a reason, they needed to stop climate change, not to save the future generations but to save themselves.

June 4th 2022 during the Stanley cup final, which was cancelled due to many suspended players. 88 year old Ron Cherry broke the news to the world during Coaches Corner. He said he was too old, and that he wouldn't be silenced by and pinko government types. That the geese no long native to Canada, known for their foul tempers were magical beast, that's stole the anger and aggression from people. That when you were away from them too long all your anger and aggression came rushing back. It was the reason Canadians all played hockey, the geese were gone in the winters. 

When Don Mclane cut him off "Ron, that's a fowl thing to say." Don strangled him with his tie.