Maurice flicked her tongue over her fangs and set the long rifle down against her shoulder. "Are you sure this is the right place? I don't want this to be yet another yeti encampment."

"Yetis, abominable snowmen, Bigfoot, you do not pay me enough to know the difference." The hovercraft bobbed slightly as the terrain shifted beneath of it.

Maurice pondered exactly how far she could get her teeth into his neck before she tasered him, then remembered she didn't know how to drive the hovercraft anyway. Rolling her eyes, she reached into her pocket and pulled out a blood gusher and popped her teeth into it.

"What do the banks what with bigfoot?" Edward asked, raising an eyebrow. The were wolf, though she wasn't supposed to know that at all, was also one of the few people she had left willing to indulge her on these trips. Even if it did involve proving that the red cross were vampires (true, but they only ate the bad blood that failed quality tests) or that New Orleans was filled with the undead (they'd found that out on accident, and it was really that the mayor of New Orleans had just let his contract with death expire on accident) she had hoped more of her friends would be involved.

But no, just Edward, and she'd had to lie to him.

"The banks, right," Maurice said, flatly. "This is more of a personal venture."

"...You have me out in the rocky mountains for a personal venture?" Edward growled, then paused, settling for a low grumble.

"Shush, fleabag," Maurice hissed at her, peering over the edge of the craft.

"I used to know you Maurice! What happened?"

"I got bitten by a vampire, dumbass," Maurice returned, rolling her eyes, fingers dancing in the wind over the edge. "And I still haven't fricking found bigfoot!"

Then his ears perked up (not literally) and he turned around in the craft (literally) his eyes flicking about over the mountain side under them.

"What is it lassie?"

"You're such a bitch," He growled.

"Seriously, what is it?"

"I heard something," Edward said, flatly, turning to look down at the controls. "But I think your stupid bitch voice-"

The rock that bounced off of the side of their craft drew their attention. Both heads turned and stared down at the figure half in shadows.

"Is that..." Maurice asked.

"A boulder?"

The vampire jerked her head to look at him as Edward grappled with the controls. "Wha-"

Then the boulder hit their craft.

-----

This season: Maurice, the Vampire Hunter in: Secrets of the Hidden City!
-----

https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/

