They'd all but forgotten why they were hiding, when the sword revealed itself from the clutches of a nearby bush. You might say that swords can't reveal themselves, but you'd be wrong. This was no ordinary sword, after all.

The tricky part wasn't hacking away the years of overgrowth and twisted vines, though the thorns made it more of an effort than it needed to be. No, the tricky part was the stone, insistent on keeping hold of its treasure.

It had started banging on about how... "Only those who are worthy may wield His mighty blade. And from the looks of you lot..."

There was Catmull, the Beast Master, famed for having tamed some of the most disgusting monstrosities in all the Realm. Presently she was sat comfortably atop a ball of eyes (not quiet an eyeball, mind you) that floated by the will of tiny, bare-feathered wings.

There were Kring and Kob, thieves despite their hulking size, bear like men with clubs for arms and paws for hands.

There was Isabella, you couldn't much see her past the shrouds of tartan cloak, though the dozen blades strapped neat beside each and every limb screamed murder (or murderer), not one to be messed with.
And then there was Whip, mostly unimportant, poop scooper for Catmull (and on many occasions it had quite literally been /for/ Catmull) and pack mule for all... he carried their bags that is.

"A sorry looking lot, you are. I won't budge. Not an inch. Now bugger off and leave my sword alone." the stone managed to roll its eyes, without actually having anything to roll.

"What's it sayin'?" Kob glared at the stone.

"It's saying it would like you to give that sword a good, hard pull." Catmull winked, as did her steed.

"No!" the stone roared, "It won't be any use."
And true enough, the sword refused to budge, or at least the stone refused to let go.

After many more hours of laboursome tugging than they'd care to admit Catmull finally said "Come with me." gesturing the band of... well bandits... to follow, "I have a better idea."

"That's right!" the stone hollered, "And don't you come back!"

But they did, and that annoyed the stone terribly.


Where did they go? To a village of sorts, hidden within a field of tall grass not far outside the forest. It was home to a cult of nasty little gnomes that worshipped Heresy, Goddess of things best left unsaid. They were tiny creatures that live in mushrooms (only the poisoned ones mind... /and serves ya right if ya start grabbing at what's not yours/). Pointy hats and wooden legs, fluffy tails, your average garden-variety gnome, just a trifle less hospitable. 

Well, the bandits weren't interested in hospitality much. They stormed the mushroom mounds, Kring and Kob trampling homes and flattening gnomes, Catmull's ball of eyes spitting flames that singed the grass and in their wake brought the oddly satisfying smell of roasting Gnome wafting upward... /smells just like bacon/.

And all this to steal the poor Gnome's tiny tools. Pick axes, you see, that's all the bandits required...


Back with the stone. 

"Who walks beside the Sword of Legend! Speak, come forth, try your hand..." the stone began, "Oh... it's you lot. Back for another round are we? Ha! I've got time. Nothing but time."

Catmull flashed a smile and stepped back to present Isabella. From under those tartan shrouds many... too many... hands appeared. Tiny things for a girl of her size, those hands, and each one gripping firm at an even smaller axe.

"Well now, let's talk shall we? There's no need for..."
Isabella's /too/ many hands wrapped at the stone with all the grace of a gazelle (or an elephant balancing a beach ball upon its long nose). And how the stone screamed in agony at being torn apart! If you haven't ever heard a stone scream it sounds much like a hail storm, only somewhat more chalky.

"There, that should shut him up." Isabella dusted off her hands, and revealed the stone in tiny pieces, the sword slipped free of its grasp.

"So?" Kring asked, towering over his fellow bandits, "Who gets it?"

"Me, naturally." Catmull smiled, and none dared question her on this. She took hold of the mighty looking blade and brandished it for all the skies to see (had the skies not been obscured by the canopy of the woods and a fair number of clouds).

"Well... I guess that counts." a withered, ancient voice rang out.

"Who said that?" Kring flexed his club like forearms, "I'll hit ya! It ain't nice to watch folk that don't know it."

"It was the sword..." Isabella said, her eyes retreating into their sockets.

"Wh... what?" Catmull dropped the blade immediately.

"My dear girl, what on Earth are you playing at?" the sword asked.

"No. Swords can't talk. It's not natural." Catmull argued (talking stones are one thing, talking swords another thing entirely).

"Ain't natural." Kring and Kob agreed.

"Right, look. It's not the sword talking, the sword is just a conduit, for me."

"Who are you?" Isabella asked.

"I am Martin, and this sword is the Great Xavier, blessed blade of Kings! You have been chosen to rule..."

"He named the sword." Kob grumbled, a finger up his nose. "Swords shouldn't have names."

"Quite right! What madman names his sword?" Catmull stared at the blade, so lonely looking at the floor, "Sorry, we're not interested."

"YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED!" the sword (or Martin through the sword) cried. "Never in all my life..."

"Talking swords, magic, all that /nonsense/, we don't mess around with it. It's dangerous." Catmull explained, they turned to leave.

"Wait! Just a minute, let me show myself, let /me/ explain." the bandits froze and the sword smiled, beckoning them to gather round. When they did (Whip and all) the sword flashed a brilliant gold, it's surface cleared to a mirror like complexion, and upon the sheen of metal appeared the face of an elderly man.

"Oh god... I think I'm gonna be..." Catmull vomited.

"Charming." Martin said, folding his arms. But before he could say much else the bandits were fleeing in terror. 

"What was that?" they cried.

"I don't know, but by God was it ugly." Isabella replied.

Only Whip refused to run, or more so failed to on account that his legs had turned to jelly and had wet himself. 

"You boy." Martin snapped a finger at Whip, "You will be my champion."

FYI: Written on phone, on lunch at work. Sorry for any errors (spelling, grammar, etc.). I might pick this back up when I have more time.