I was twentyfive when it all happened. One moment I was riding my bicycle, the next I'm on the asphalt listening to the sound of wheels screeching. The buzz of human activity went still for a moment as everyone in the world stopped to process. We, Caleb, like many others became connected. In that moment I learned several new languages, mastered math, understood complex orbital mechanics, knew of over three hundred different species of trees, learned how to pave roads, knew how to properly meditate and many things more.

On my way home I barely noticed the other people, all just silent in wonder. When I finally arrived I quickly put on the news. For a moment it is eerie, seeing the newswoman sitting behind her desk, completely quiet. Under the screen a banner slowly scrolls from left to right. "We have nothing to add, you should already know." With a chuckle I turn my tv off.

In the first few years after the event, factions arose. People with the same name started to band together. In the time since then I had found a cute guy and together we had adopted a child. In a flash of genius my partner decided to name him Man. Unlike all other babies, our child acted like we did when we were born, my partner was incredibly disappointed. At least, until he called me, right after I walked out of the town hall. "He spoke! He knows how to talk! It's a miracle." "It isn't, my name isn't Caleb anymore." I answer. "My name is now Man."

Seven-Hundred years later and I am still alive, my husband and I don't talk anymore, nobody does.
Man has conquered the Moon and Mars. Man has conquered death. Man is hurtling across space, just slower than the speed of light. Strife and war have long since ended, our shared name gave us the power to do everything, insight in all of each other's viewpoints, the sacredness of life. Our name has transcended our species, and our brethren walking the planet next to us have joined our fold. The world is ours, there is so much more to see.

~~~~
First try, probably riddled with typos and not very consistent in style