"What'll it be?" The bartender asked placing a bar napkin in front of her with the back of his hand. 

"Basil Hayden Rye--neat." She replied as she uncurled her scarf she got from the Peruvians last winter and placed it over the back of her chair, along with her bag. She sat with a sigh and placed her forefinger against her temple and her thumb held her head up as she rested her tired eyes. The great thing about sitting at the end of the bar is you don't have to talk to anybody but the bartender. 

That is, if you're lucky. 

She heard the door chime. She was no longer alone in the bar. She began to rattle off in her head what she could gather, her eyes still closed. 

"Tall, lean, about 175, favors the right side, hint of vanilla."

She heard the zipper of his bag clattering against the track and suddenly the vanilla was upon her. 

"Damnit." 

He was right next to her. Chose the only seat next to her, why couldn't he sit next to some other dark haired, olive-skinned nobody sitting in a different bar asking for whatever he was looking for. 

"And what can I get for your friend?" The barkeep said to her, her eyes still closed. 

"No friend of mine," she replied. Eyes still closed. 

"Aw Gretch, is that any way to treat an old friend?" He said arms outstretched expecting a hug. 

She looked at him with genuine indifference. Blonde hair, five o'clock shadow showing a couple sleepless nights judging by the wrinkles on his collar. Strong jaw. She recognized the scent from somewhere, but couldn't place where. 

"I'll have a Glenlivet--neat please," he said with a smirk and began removing his backpack and placed it on his the back of his chair and pulled it out to sit down. Chipper fellow she thought. 

He thrust a hand toward her. 

"Nehemiah, but you can call me Miah," he said cheerfully. 

"Grace," she replied flatly before lifting her drink to her lips. Eyes closed again. She couldn't be more uninviting unless she told him to fuck off. 

"Nice to meet you Gracie," he said pulling his hand back realizing she wasn't going to shake it and placed a thumb and forefinger around the glass that was now sitting in front of him. She was comfortable with the silence, preferred it even, which was again broken by his voice. 

"So what brings you here," he asked straining to keep the conversation going. 

"Work mostly," she mused not looking at him. 

"What do you do?" 

"Independent contracting, make my own hours, set my own pay, take vacations when I want, only answer to some sometimes." She said putting her drink down again. The faster she drank the sooner she could leave.

"Ah I could say the same myself but I have to answer to my boss, I got a lot of deadlines I have to meet." 

"Interesting," she replied. "I do a lot of shooting subjects," she said with a smirk.

"You're kidding?! Me too!" His laugh bellowed and seemed to fill an empty room with people. 

"There's no greater rush than having to take sharp inhale and releasing the pressure, it almost feels like taking a breath from them," she said cutting her brown eyes at him over her glass as she took another swig. 

"Wow, I couldn't have said it better myself. I love capturing a person in my scope and steadying myself for the shot," Nehemiah said wistfully. 

Grace couldn't pinpoint where, but she had smelled his scent before as well as heard his voice. The timbre of his voice resonated in her bones when he spoke. She felt him staring at her. 

"So best shot you've taken," Nehemiah inquired. 

"Ten subjects, in Hezbollah, from about 3,865 yards out." She finished. Being vague was definitely one of her strong suits. 

"Goddamn, I don't think I have the proper equipment for a shot like that." He said clapping her on the back. 

She laughed and stood up,

"Man aren't you touchy," she said standing up as she curled her scarf around her neck and left money on the counter for the bartender, who nodded to say goodbye and went back to polishing glassware absentmindedly watching some trashy day time television. Slinging her bag over her shoulder, she shoved her hands in her pockets and headed for the door. 

"I just get the feeling I've met you before, mind if we walk together?" He asked. 

"Sure, if you can catch up," she said coyly over her shoulder. She was out the door in a matter of seconds. Hands in her pockets, she was greeted with cold air at her cheeks and started walking. She was scanning through in her mind all the targets she'd been assigned. All 560 of them. Perks of an eidetic memory. 

Grace heard his footsteps cutting the distance between them then he was next to her. 

"My best shot or shots rather was a group of Somalian child soldiers in '99," he finished. 

That's when it hit her. He was her target that got away. She missed him by inches, in Somalia. She recognized the scent finally. Now it made sense why he greeted her with such familiarity, she recalled the birthmark on his knee and the tattoo of a griffin on his shoulder. No wonder the natural musk she recognized, she also didn't think of him often, but she thought fondly. He didn't seem onto her, so she continued on hoping for plausible deniability.

Then he pushed her into an alley. 

"I know it was you," he whispered in her ear with his forearm under her chin applying gradual pressure to her windpipe and her back against the dumpster. 




