I took a deep breath, trying to calm my nerves. I hadn't eaten in days, and my unemployed status guaranteed many more days of starvation... unless I did something terrible - steal. At least I'm hitting a Whole Foods, those rich snobs won't be needing the money. Straightening my back, I walked with a confident saunter through the double doors. My shower didn't work anymore - the water had been shut off long ago. So much for basic human rights, eh? I hoped my reeking clothes would be somewhat disguised by the many fermented foods the yuppies liked so much.

Quickly grabbing a cart, I walked briskly through the aisles, grabbing the essentials - (organic) canned beans, fruit preserves (with vegan bullshit sugar), (all-natural) peanut butter, packets of (whole grain) crackers. Too natural for my taste. Best avoid the fresh produce. Trying my best to look nonchalant, I took the cart with me right past the registers and out the door into the bright sunlight. Heh, those hippies didn't even have the gall to confront me.

"Must be my lucky day," I muttered to myself, aware that I sounded like a crazy hobo. Hmm, maybe I should try my luck elsewhere. Use it till it runs out, ya know? Scarfing down some crackers with peanut butter, I decided that it was time to aim high. Tonight I would hit a jewelry store.

Sneaking about at night is no easy task. I was feeling pretty confident though, and my clumsy attempts at disabling the security system must have actually worked, since no blaring horns or flashing lights assaulted my senses as I smashed through the glass panes of the display window. Once inside, I walked among the glittering jewels, grabbing the ones that caught my attention. Stuffing them unceremoniously into my duffel bag, I turned tail and sprinted out of there before I could get caught. I felt a brief twinge of guilt as I rounded the corner with my loot, but then I figured that I definitely could put these treasures to use better than whoever owned the store.

Back at home, I dumped my bag in a corner as a flood of emptiness washed over me. I was so lonely. Not that I had a falling out with my family or anything, I just knew they weren't in a position to help me out or give me any support, even emotional. They've really had it rough. My girlfriend seems to have ghosted me, guess I can't blame her for ditching a bum like me. Just last year, I was climbing the corporate ladder, had my looks, money, and friends - everything I could ever have wanted. All of it - gone. I sighed.

That's it - tomorrow I'm going to take my things and go on a road trip. That's what all the cool kids do right? It'll be a long trek, after all my car doesn't work anymore. Hitchhiking probably wouldn't get me anywhere. Anyways, a change of perspective is just what I need. Who knows, maybe I'll even meet some people and make new friends along the way.

Then again, maybe I was the only living human being left on the planet. Maybe I'm losing my mind from all the radiation. The nuclear bombs from WWIII really did a number on the human population. Actually, it's probable that no one is left alive on earth but me. It's easier to pretend that the rotting carcasses of my fellow humans don't exist, that everyone is alive and well. It's getting harder though, with the continued decomposition of organic matter. Please, let someone else be alive, anyone else.