I would center the story around how Death has the ability to "watch" a person's life through the hourglass. He can even jump inside that story and change/manipulate it. The ending is always the same, but the journey to get there can change.

The dusty hourglass is a person that Death either fell in love with or had a fascination with. Strangely enough, the person's death is a mystery.

How can death confuse Death himself?

The story plays out that Death enters the hourglass once more and tries to uncover how and why the person died.

One problem is that the more times death enters an hourglass, this puts stress on the hourglass. The glass itself could crack and cause the sands of time to spill out, thus destroying the timeline or changing how the timeline is viewed.

Another problem is that an hourglass can't stop. The sands flow to the other side. Death can't stop time or rewind time. Anything that happens while inside the hourglass can't be paused or rewound.

Death deals with these problems and more by assuming the role of a lover for this person. It's against the rules to participate in life - especially because of how fragile these hourglasses are already.

As the story goes on, Death and the person fall in love and they live their life together. Death discovers how the person died - because of his own actions. This isn't the first time Death has done this romance and for some reason he can't come to terms with his actions.

Death chooses life and decides to spend the remaining time with the person. Meanwhile the person starts to experience strange ethereal occurrences. Things that shouldn't be where they are. The hourglass is getting cracked under the weight of the changes Death is making.

In the penultimate chapter, the hourglass breaks, spilling the sands of time all over the desk. Death is ejected from the world and discovers this tragedy. He tries to grab as much sand as possible and repair the hourglass, but it's too much damage.

Time passes, death is depressed because even Death can't kill himself.

Death decides to seek help from Life, pleading to help him fix the hourglass. Life explains to Death that this person that Death is in love with isn't real. The person died. They are in eternal peace. The real person doesn't know Death. Life fixes the hourglass and tells death not to interfere with it any longer - further clouding Death's judgement.

Death takes the hourglass back home and follows Life's wish.

In the finale, Death comes to terms with his role in the universe and while he can't be with this person, he still reminisces about the time he shared with that person...

Meanwhile, Life gives memories to the person that spent time with Death. They become consumed with love and demand to see him.

The end of the story is Death and the person reuniting. Life gives the soul of the person the ability to transcend peace and visit the underworld - something Death didn't even know was possible.

&#x200B;