Commander Deva Patton of Command ship Delta 7 (The Halo) stared in disbelief at her screen. The scans of Earth showed incredible cities built symbiotically with nature. Glittering waters and lush greenery, animals running through plains and even floating cities in the sky! It was magnificent, it was a treasure, it was absolutely precious. Her superiors would want to see this. 

"Lieutenant James, send all scans to Teria immediately. The Senate will want to see this".

"Aye, Commander", a mousey communications specialist replied. 

The captains hull suddenly beeped blue. "What is it Captain Zhana?" 

"We're being hailed", the man replied. 

"On the big screen in 30 seconds. Zhana, you by my side along with the two guards by the doors. James, I want every scan we have going and everything being recorded. General Ladah, I want every ship in our fleet prepped for aggression, we don't know what will happen. We must hope for the best but expect the worst". 

"Aye Commander!" They all replied in perfect unison. Lieutenant James typed furiously while counting down from 20. The other soldiers quickly situated themselves in order of rank beside and behind Commander Patton while the general blasted numerous commands to all the fleet. 

30 seconds passed and an image appeared on screen. Commander Patton didn't know what she was expecting, but it certainly wasn't this. There was a massive table with approximately 50 seats and at each of them was a different species of alien. Most surprisingly though, at the head of the table was a human and she was exquisite. All were dressed in robes but she stood out because she was dressed in what looked like some sort of cadet suit, meant for piloting. 

A man came running onto screen with robes flying in his hands toward the human woman. "My apologies stranger," she spoke to Commander Patton, "I was in the middle of training when i was called for an emergency meeting due to an unknown fleet within our sanctioned borders, being the Sol solar system. Give me one moment here..." The woman trailed off as she slipped into the robes deftly. As she sat down again the man removed a large metal ring from his coat pocket and placed it upon the womans bright Auburn haired, head. A blue diamond lit the center of the platinum metal as it touched her skin, it was a crown. 

"Ah, now thats better. Many thanks Gigi", the woman said smiling to the man. 

"Rasha Earth, Goldie." He said smiling back almost conspiratorially as he placed his hands together and bowed. 

"Rasha Earth" she replied. She then turned to the camera in front of her. The camera immediately zoomed in the only her face. It was even more glorious up close. "My sincerest apologies for keeping you waiting stranger, I am Leader Goldie Sevia of the Delegation of Rasha and I welcome you to our system."

Commander Patton cleared her throat before continuing, "I am Commader Deva Patton of the Terian Navy, we have come to liberate you." 

A chatter broke out amongst the delegation on Earth. The camera went wide again. A humanoid figure the the left of Leader Goldie stood and spoke in a language unheard of to the Terian Fleet. It was quickly translated to human through the screen , some kind of Earth technology, "liberate us? But from whom? Are we under an unknown attack?"

This whole scenario was completely off base of what was predicted back home. They hadn't trained for a situation like this. They had expected devastation, perhaps even complete xenoxide, but a delegation with numerous unknown species, well the Commander would just have to wing it.

She took a deep breathe, "Approximately 500 years ago this planet was overrun by an unknown entity. They had begun a mass collection of humans with technology far superior to what we had had at that time. To preserve the sanctity of the human race a group of elite in skill, knowledge, and power were arced from Earth and landed on Teria. They never wanted to abandon everyone but it had to be done to protect the human race. This message was hidden or perhaps forgotten for generations. It was discovered again in the archives 50 years ago and we began preparations for a rescue mission. We are here to liberate you from your aggressors." 

There was silence on the screen. Then a sudden roar from everyone at the table. Every being was shaking and making odd noises. It wasn't until the Commander looked at Leader Goldie that she realized... "Commander, are they laughing?" Asked one of the guards behind her. 

They must've heard him ask because Leader Goldie replied, "Yes we're laughing because you're talking about The Great Cleanse as if it were some crazy galactic wipe out of the human race!" The laughter rose, some beings were bent clutching their stomachs from laughing so hard. 

Commander Patton's face flushed. They were laughing? At her? She had not trained her whole life to be ridiculed at what was supposed to be the peak moment of her career, the liberation of Earth. 

"I do not understand what is happening, Leader Goldie. I believe an explanation is pertinent." The Commander said steely.

Leader Goldie stopped her laughter immediately. She raised her hand and the others too stopped immediately. Her face serious Goldie spoke, "500 years ago the Xachans came to Earth. They began collecting people as you say is true. You're understanding of the situation however, is shallow. They came to help us. Instead of attempting to speak with them your ancestors chose to flee. The Xachan's pride themselves on being healers. Not of just sentient beings like you and I but of planets, star systems sometimes even entire galaxies. They came to our planet because they could feel her suffering. We humans were destroying her, we took and took never giving anything back. And so, we were collected and educated while the Xachan's healed Earth. We were angered that you all left, cut down and felt less than. But when we emerged from the Xachan ships to a healed world we decided we were the lucky ones. We received love from a beautiful people and we also received a new home and knowledge on how to ensure her sanctity forever while also thriving ourselves. Throughout the many years we were introduced to many beautiful races of people before finally being inducted into the Delegation of Rasha. As we are ensured our freedom here, a human sits upon this council, just as a member of their race sits upon their councils on their specific planets. We as a people decided long ago that we no longer harbor anger towards the deserters, the betrayers who left us. However, we vowed to never allow your damaging ways onto our home again." 

Commander Patton was stunned. This was not what she was told back home. She would have to confer with her superiors. 

"I am going to be forward with you, this is greatly unexpected."

"I imagine it is, Commander Patton."

"I would like to confer with my superiors before continuing discussions. Shall we plan another communications call in 24 hours?" Commander Patton asked as stone faced as possible. 

Leader Goldie looked at her delegation, almost as if having a silent conversation with everyone. The silence continued for about 3 minutes before she looked into the camera again. "We will speak again in 24 hours." Then the screen went black. 

Before anyone could move or even speak the Commander began shouting orders, "All non essential personnel off the command deck immediately. James, I want central command on comms now. General Ladah, we are at high alert. I want every man and woman on our fleet prepared for battle. Rotating guard every 8 hours. Captain Zhana, I want updates on everything, our movements and any movements below every hour on the hour sent to me. Now, move it!"

"Commander, Senate Leader Pax is online." Lieutenant James said before flicking the screen on. 

"Sir", Commander Patton saluted the man on screen. 

He saluted back, "We were patched into the feed and saw everything. This is greatly unexpected. The Senate has decided to move forward."

"Move forward, sir?" 

"Earth is in much greater shape than anticipated we will use this to our advantage. We wasted innumerable resources on this venture that we could not afford to waste. We must be compensated. We will request resources then be on our way."

"And if they refuse to give them?" The Commnder asked. 

"We will take them."

The Commander was thrown. Attack? "Sir, why not reach a diplomatic solution? Perhaps we can request that the Xachans help us and our planet? Teria is dying from our over consumption. Perhaps we too can be taught the technology they have so plentifully?"

"Do not spew that liberal speech at me. You are a Commander of the Terian Naval Fleet. You do as you're told regardless of political view." The Senate Leader snapped. 

"I wish to speak to the entire Senate." The Commander replied boldly. 

The Senate Leader shook his head. "Tsk tsk, Deva. I put you where you are. Without me you would be nothing. If you dare to challenge me again, everyone will know what a little slut you are. Do not disobey me. You have your orders." The screen went black, again.

Commander Deva ripped her ear piece off and threw it across the command deck. It shattered against the wall. She bent over breathing heavily. 

Settle your mind, she told herself. The anxiety will not overcome you. You are stronger! She took 3 more calming breaths before standing upright and smoothing her uniform. As she looked up she saw a wide eyed lieutenant James sitting before her. Commander quickly looked around the deck but it was empty, except the two women. She'd completely forgotten about her.

"You are not to breath a word of this to anyone, that's and order. Break that order and I will have you dishonorably discharged and blacklisted faster than you can say Aye. Am I clear?"

"A-aye Commander." The mousy woman replied.

"Good, call a meeting with my advisors. We must discuss our next move."