 “NEXT!” the clerk screamed at the top of his lungs, about a hundred decibels over the required volume for such a tiny office. This tiny office was all the company could afford, after all it was a start-up company. Run by a small gathering of professionals, it dealt with the low-end income part of town. It didn’t charge for its super tests, it didn’t expect an admin fee for paperwork and it had no Government funding. It was in essence a charity that helped those less fortunate realise their powers and give them options to pursue a better life for themselves.

At any given time the clinic would be rammed from the reception desk, out the door and to the corner with a line of people begrudgingly spending their free time waiting. The lines were so long that if one decided to go to another clinic, all they’d have to do is turn around and wait some more. This was a running joke in the department, a department that depended on three consultants, one receptionist and one assistant in total, there wasn’t enough in the budget to hire anyone else. 

A sad truth is that people just didn’t care for the superbly gifted if they came from a low income area and honestly it’s hard to blame them at times. They say one in three people have a power, it’s so common now that people set up trading sites to ‘borrow’ someone’s ability for a day. One person will use their ability to help the other in return for money or services; like a skill share for the gifted.

*‘Genius’,* Mark thought to himself as he perused the website, clicking a locator app that could identify profiles nearby. Mark sat in a rather well lit but small room, big given the size of the office but small given his daily enthusiasm about working in it every day. The desk covered a good portion and the walls were full of busy schedules and appointments, he glossed over one that was sprawled across his desk. Slowly dragging his finger under each word to mark it in his mind, he accidentally smudged a name out, an audible “Fuck” escaped his mouth as a knock met his door.

Looking up, Mark saw the outline of his assistant through the panel and with a soft “Come in”, he gave her permission to enter. 

“Hey Mark, your four o’clock is here. A mister-...”, Mark cut her off before ushering the man in from his seat. 

Looking a little out of sorts, he spoke “Yeah, thanks Sarah.” Mark thanked his assistant before gesturing for her to leave, quite quickly. He wasn’t usually so abrupt with people and truth be told, he just spoke too soon. He’d hoped she didn’t think it was a mean streak in him.

She got the hint and let the man pass, as she squeezed behind the applicant, she paid Mark a confused and frankly insulted look, this was odd for Mark as he was usually happy before his five o’clock break, where he’d get his daily phone call from his wife. Nevertheless she went and although looking a little deflated, she perked up as she left eye-shot of Mark.

Mark focused himself on the applicant sitting in front of him, he flipped over the sprawled chart with his right hand as he spoke, “Hello, mister…”, he squinted his eyes at the name box which had now been reduced to a large smudge. He smiled wide before meeting the man’s eyes once again. 

“I’m sorry, I think one of the assistants messed up your application form, your name is?...”

“Joseph, or ugh Joe. Or Joey.” the man said sparingly, as if he genuinely didn’t care. 

Mark dug further,  “Alright. Is Joe ok? You prefer Joe or?...”

“I don’t know. Joe is fine I guess. I don’t know.” Joe said, now sounding even more bored.

“Alright then, Joe. Thanks for coming today--”, Mark only managed to get a couple of words out before being cut off abruptly.

“You know what now I don’t like Joe. Call me Joey, or Joseph.” The applicant spoke out-right.

“We’ll keep it formal. I’m Mark, now Joseph you were saying--” again Mark was cut off.

“Joey.” he once again intervened.

“Joey. Why have you come here today?” Mark struggled to keep his composure, although everything inside was twitching, outside was mostly business as usual.

Joey spoke with an accent Mark couldn’t quite decipher, he began speaking about something to do with something but he’d spent so much time in his head trying to figure out where he was from that he omitted everything he was now telling him. With a nod of his head, he appeared to be following the conversation but inside he had no idea what this man was saying. 

‘*Where is he from? What did he just say? Oh now he’s looking to me for an answer.’* Mark simply closed his eyes slowly and gave a sincere nod.

Joey began to speak again but all Mark could think about was this man’s background. He hadn’t even realised Joey had started speaking again, he studied him closely, it probably looked genuine, coupled with a few nods to ensure he was following along.

‘*What country even is that? It’s our country, yeah. I’m sure of it. I hear it now actually. Oh God, no. I think it’s European. Oh God, what countries are in Europe again. Where is Europe? He’s fashionable at-least, what’s the most fashionable country in Europe, or the most fashionable state in the U.S?’*, around and around Mark’s thoughts span like a whirlpool of useless information and jumping off-points with no answers.

Eventually Joey had reached the end of his sentence and Mark was left with few options. He couldn’t possibly admit to such a blunder like this, he was in too deep and so he pondered over the chart for a half a minute and threw Joey a couple of “hmms” and “ahhs” until he finally said.

“You’re hired. You can start whenever you’re ready”

Joey’s face lit up and he thanked Mark for the opportunity and his time. He took a stand and offered his hand to Mark. Mark returned the gesture, stood up, and met his hand, congratulating Joey sincerely.

Eager to get this new-found super star into his first shift, Mark asked, “So when can you start?”

Joey replied with a sincere expression of ecstasy, “I have no idea. I got 14 other job offers today so I gotta work it out.”