He had nothing. He was alone.

Sauntering through the ages, he watched as every person he every grew to love slowly died before his eyes. The only solace he gained was through the classifications of birds and other small animals. He knew that everything had to die. Eventually all these beautiful creatures would be gone forever, and he felt as though he were the only one to preserve their existence. Their beautiful plumage, their magnificent songs, their breathtakingly short lives that couldn't impact anyone but him. . .the birds were a painfully deep reminder of the fleeting nature of beauty, and he had to protect it. Even if that meant detailing their descriptions in his journal that nobody else would ever live to read.

The only constant in his life was the ever-looming promise of death, the icy touch of mortality stung as he tried in vain to ignore the torment. The only thing that would remain on this bleak planet was him, and the memory he had of a girl. He often dreamt of her, but couldn't be sure if she was a memory or a fabrication of one.

After so many encounters with The Conqueror Worm, the faces he knew eventually blurred into the same blank canvas. He remembers his first love-- the soft curves of her waist, the paleness of her skin, her sweeping footfalls as she twirled around the halls, the softness of her voice which seemed to speak to him from somewhere far away, in a distant and hidden memory. . .but, her face. . .her eyes especially. . .oh, how he longed to remember them.

Jaded, he became reclusive to the forest he visited long ago. He squandered every day with the surrounding birds and small fauna for years, oblivious to the outside world. He couldn't bear to see another face, one that he knew he would eventually forget. He stopped speaking out loud years prior, for why carry a conversation with the dead? As the sun hung high above the trees, he rested beside an old brook. The taste of age is an odd one to describe, the musty earth and faint smell of wild mint triggered something in his mind that he didn't understand. There was something about this exact moment that startled him, as (for the first time in his life) he remembered in vivid detail one memory, one face.

~~~
He was still young to this world, and unsure of his origin. He was left alone near this brook, shortly after his caretaker had died. He had never seen death before this point, and wished for his own. A small girl appeared near the creek wearing a yellow dress, and had a yellow ribbon in her hair. Black shoes secured in one hand and white frilly socks in the other, she hopped from rock to rock. She didn't seem to notice the boy, but continued her skipping game up the brook toward him. As she got closer, he noticed her eyes were larger than normal-- illustrious bright green orbs shifted quickly from under her dark hair *straight at him*. She stopped. He didn't move. They stared at each other for some time, each unsure of the other's temperament. "What's your name?" she shouted at the boy. He sensed a tinge of defiance in her voice.

"I. . .well, I don't know." he stammered. The old woman used to call him, "Boy", but he never had a name. Confused, the girl slowly walked over to the boy. He found this odd, since she displayed agility and grace just a few moments prior, and was now very carefully choosing her path. After an eternity, she reached the boy and sat. She flattened her dress on her lap, sat up properly, and cleared her throat.

"My name is Tabitha. You can call me, 'Tab' I guess, but don't let my parents know I said so. My mom thinks it's impolite to use short names, but she doesn't even let me use her whole name. Anyways,--" and she thrust her hand out to the boy, as though to shake his. He had never seen this gesture and was unsure how to respond.

"It's nice to meet you," the boy responded, looking not at her face but to her hand. "I think my name is 'Boy', but I can't be sure."

The girl giggled, "Boy, huh? That's a good, short name!" and motioned her still outstretched hand in a shaking gesture before setting it down in her lap. 

Suddenly, there was a very loud ringing. The sound reverberated in his chest and made him cover his ears, the sound seeming to come from all directions. "Sorry!!" she screamed over the bells. The boy released one hand from his ears to better hear. "I have to go!! That's my parents calling, I'll come back later so we can play." She got up, dusted her dress, and ran in the direction she came, leaving behind her shoes. "It was nice to meet you, BOY!!" she added as she sped away. Moments later, the deafening sound receded and the forest was still. 

~~~
As he sat by the same brook, he felt something he hadn't in a long time. Nostalgia, maybe? He longed to retreat to the memory, to disappear near the creek. He began to cry. He remembered her *face*. He remembered her *eyes*. He remembered every vivid detail about her, but why? He was much too young in this world to have "loved her", yet the others whom he cared for were forgotten soon after their passing.

The recurring dream. It was her. Why hadn't he noticed? He wiped a tear from his eye, and sunk back upon a tree. He dug his heels into the earth, and closed his eyes, listening to the water. He nearly fell asleep to the creek before he heard a strange sound, like something slipped from the bank into the water. Immediately he opened his eyes, he turned in the direction of the sound as he heard the word, "Damn!" followed by more ruckus in the brook. He looked up to see a young woman in her mid-twenties, wearing a yellow dress. Her long dark hair hung to her waist by a yellow-ribboned ponytail. His heart stopped. She looked up. There was an eternity of time that passed before either of them moved.

"What's your name?!" she demanded, as she slowly made her way closer.

"Boy," he replied, unsure what else to say. He had been given many names over the centuries, most of which were left abandoned as those he knew or loved passed on.

She walked closer, and felt her intrigue rise and swell alongside her suspicion. She *knew* this boy. . .but this was impossible! He should *not* have been alive, she thought. The year after her first trip to this place, she begged her family to return. Unbeknownst to her at such a young age, her parents would not return in fear of the unknowns. They knew the woods might not survive. They knew that, though certain events in time are concrete, most were flimsy at best and could be manipulated. They had warned the girl of the dangers of interaction. They had told her certain events would ultimately change the outcome of their entire world, their futures. They warned her not to interfere with anyone's lives, because they would be forever changed. What they didn’t tell her was what exactly would happen. . .Because, well, nobody knew for sure.

"Tabitha?" he asked, still in shock. He couldn't believe what he was seeing, was she also immortal? Did he, at last, find another human doomed to suffer his very plight? He had returned to that forest many times before, in attempts to relocate her, but was convinced that she, like everyone else, had died.

She stepped closer and nodded, in awe at what her eyes were witnessing. Was he another time-traveler? Why had she not seen him in the Capitol? Was he a traveller gone rogue? Where was his locator ring? She had so many more questions than she could handle. She wanted so badly to reach out to him, to hold him, to let him know that she had never stopped thinking of him. She wanted to tell him that she had tried so hard to return to this very brook, to reunite. She wanted to apologize. She wanted to say something, *ANYTHING*, that would convey to him every particle of her soul. She wanted to open up her rib cage and just let every ounce of suppressed worry and longing launch itself toward him. She couldn't describe what she was feeling. Neither of them moved. Inches away from each other, neither could believe it.

Without another moment's hesitation, he opened his arms and pulled her tightly to his chest. She gasped before returning the embrace. She felt as though she were finally complete, whole and content with the world. He lightly kissed her forehead as she buried her face deeper into his chest.

Something about this embrace was stunningly familiar, she knew this feeling. She knew exactly what to expect when he pulled her closer. Something about this was too familiar to part with, and she never wanted to.

Something was wrong, he thought, as he felt a tinge of numbness in his hands and feet. They felt as though they were falling asleep. Her knees buckled and gave way, leading him to support their combined weight on his quavering frame. His sensation of touch began to wane, until he could no longer feel her close to him. She began to say something, but her words fell on deaf ears, if she made any sound at all. She tried to scream, to let go, to warn him that something was wrong, but she couldn't move. He began to panic as everything seemed to grow brighter, the light fighting it's way into his eyes. He closed them as tightly as he could, but the light seemed to burn through his eyelids and scar his vision. They both stood, trapped in their embrace but unaware of each other's presence, as the light around them grew brighter and brighter. The deafening silence was too much to bear, as their heads felt light yet heavier than lead.

As quickly as it began, it desisted. The light returned to normal, and the forest continued it's peaceful rhythm as the birds continued their beautiful and unique calls. The brook continued to flow, breaking only to overcome another river stone and continue it's path downhill. The world was okay again, and everything felt right.

Except the Boy and the girl were gone. No trace of them existed anymore. Everything, including their footprints, had disappeared.
