"Jessica! Young lady, please answer me! Who was that man you were speaking with today when I picked you up from school?" 

I tried to keep my voice from cracking and fork from shaking. Meredith would kill me if I got soup on the new upholstery.

My daughter finally relented. "He didn't tell me his name. Why do you care?" 

Ugh. Pre-teens. Jess was the spitting image of her mother, but her attitude was more akin to my own. It was adorably annoying.

"Jess, your father and I are just concerned for your safety. You know, they have guards and the check in station at school for a reason. You can't be too careful in this day and age." 

"Mom! Seriously, it's not a big deal! It was just some old guy. He was super nice. Kept mentioning home. Maybe he was lonely or something. I don't know."

It could be nothing. The man had looked around 80 years old. Harmless, too. Still, a man that age mentioning Home could spell trouble.

"Sweetie," I sighed as I looked her in the eyes, "did he say anything else? Did he give you anything?"

Jess blushed and paused for a moment. Then, she went to get her backpack. When it plopped on the chair, there was a distinct clunk. 

"He gave me this," she said softly. "But I don't know what it is."

In her hand was a small brass flashlight. I took it and my heart sank as I saw the symbol engraved on the side. 

"Jess, go do your homework. Your mother and I have to talk." With a shrug, she shuffled upstairs into her room.

Meredith knew. "Hon, your father is back."

My fists wouldn't stop shaking as I held back tears. "Not again. Not her. He can't have her!"

"Jeremy, he will come for her! He'll want to train her like he did you and your brother. You know it."

Memories of Jackson flooded my brain. His smile. His armor. His severed arm and head on the surface of the planet we had tried to retake. Our father running away.

"NO!" I put on my coat and grabbed the stupid flashlight. My daughter would not suffer the fate of my brother. It was time to stop the old crackpot. Father would have no more "chosen ones."