“I’ve been caught!” thought Max, the werewolf, as his human roommate walked up beside him. 

“Hey were you just howling at the moon?”

“N-no! I-“

“C’mon man, that didn’t even sound real! You’ll never convince Mr. Brandt you’re committed to the part like that”

Max lets out a sigh of relief, then chuckles a bit.

“Yeah I guess you’re right, any pro tips on my howl? You seemed to be making some strange howling noises last night”

“I, er, um.. was watching Supernatural? Yeah! The episode where Dean’s friend is in that weird werewolf cult”

“Yeah right, your TV wasn’t even on Kyle”

“And how would you know that? We have an entire two rooms between us! Your hearing must be off the charts good!”

“I mean they’re not really entire rooms, they’re like, sub-rooms or something, I don’t know. They connect and there’s only a door on each ‘bedroom’, if you could call them bedrooms”


“Well I mean, these are dorms, so what can you expect?”

Kyle startles as someone appears behind him.

“JESUS MAN! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU NOT TO SNEAK UP BEHIND ME?!”

“Yeah Kyle, I know, you almost had a heart attack, you don’t know where I even came from, I should wear a bell around my neck or something, yadda yadda yadda. So whatcha guys talking about?”

“Well Francis, Kyle and I would be discussing some pointers on my acting for the play, but as usual Kyle started on about Supernatural” Max says

“Hey, it was relevant to the moment at least!”

“You always find a way to make it relevant. It’s almost like you want to be a hunter or something. And Max, how many times have I told you to call me Frank?”

“More times than I can count on both paw- HANDS!” Max says, feigning a coughing fit after the slip-up.

“Aaanyway.. Nah Frank, I definitely don’t wanna be a hunter. That would be dangerous and less exciting that what I would have in mind”

“Oh? And what would that be?” asks Frank the vampire, with genuine curiosity in his voice.

“I’d become some sort of supernatural being. Maybe a hybrid of some of the ones from the show, maybe a unique one entirely my own. Definitely something immortal though. And fast, that can use magic”

Frank and Max both laugh heartily.

“What? You guys don’t think that would be awesome? I mean, being able to do things no normal humans could do! And then some. It sounds like a lot of fun to me”

“It’s not that, it’s just.. You don’t believe in that stuff do you? Magic and vampires and werewolves and demons and angels... It’s all just for good TV. Real life is nothing like that new-aged, hopped-up” Frank says, as Max interrupts

“What I think Frank is trying to say is, if real life had any of that stuff in it, it wouldn’t be like some storybook or TV show. There would be real evil, from both monsters and humans alike, stuff that would make the show run and cry”

“Yeah I hear you, I hear you” Kyle smirks a bit and continues “Now you look AND sound like Wolverine, Mr. gloom-and-doom”

Max chokes a bit and Frank changes the subject.

“Hey guys I think we should head back inside, a fog is starting to roll in. Meet you back at the dorms!” he says as both he and his voice just fade away in the fog.

Kyle starts heading back toward the dorm buildings as Max falls into step right behind him.

They approach their dorm rooms, open the door, and enter into the living/dining/kitchen area. Frank is already on the couch, reading some ancient looking book. Sylver, their other roommate, is standing by the microwave, admiring the buttons.

“Hey Sylv, are you making a hot pocket or something?” Kyle asks, his stomach growling audibly.

“No Kyle, I am attempting to send electrical impulses into the circuitry of this device to make it send a microwave signal to a receiver I have set up on the top of the school”

“That sounds kinda dangerous. Also will the microwave still be usable to cook food?” Max asks, starting to get hungry too. He scratches behind his ear vigorously.

“Yes, I am attempting this without changing any of the hardware of the device. This microwave should be perfectly-“

A loud beeping noise can be heard coming from the microwave as the entire campus has a sudden black out.

“Oh no. It seems I triggered a power surge and it caused a black out on the school main power grid. The microwave radiation must have interfered with the power lines” says Sylver. 

Sylver then pulls out a device somewhat similar in shape and size to a mobile phone, points it toward the direction of the school’s power station, and with another beep, the power comes back on.

“Sylver, are we sterile now?” Kyle asks, concerned about the microwave radiation. 

“No Kyle, your reproductive system should work perfectly, the microwaves were directed toward the receiver I set up. This data is great, this should allow me to attempt the same next time, only successfully”

Kyle stops and wonders why he ever watches Supernatural when this is his life

(Edit; syntax, also clarification that Sylver is the alien and a ‘male’, and this is my first r/writingprompts post ever. Hope it’s not too mediocre!)