(sorry this is probably pretty shitty, but here is what I pulled out of my head)

For years the world was dark. No color; a perpetual blindfold as my eyesight.

The doctors told me that if I got the surgery then maybe I would be able to see, so of course I jumped at the opportunity. I was so excited to see, and as I opened my eyes for the first time after the surgery I was so excited to see.

"So Virginia," The doctor began, "how do you feel?"

"Amazing Doctor Scott! I can see colors! Hell, I can see!" I exclaim.

"Okay, Virginia, before we let you go I just want to do a quick check up on your vision. What color is the bench you are sitting on?"

I stared at the bench. I thought it was green leather a second ago, but now that I look at it, I see the fabric change. I see it bend into what almost looks like... FUR!! I almost scream! This can't be right!

Doctor Scott is looking at me now and I see the concern in his eyes. I wonder why he doesn't look as bewildered as I am, as if he didn't  see the bench shift material just like I did seconds ago.

Then it hits me. Maybe he didn't see it change.

"Uh, the bench is a green leather, Doctor." I answer with some uncertainty.

"Good," Doctor Scott responds," And what color are the walls?"

I peel my gaze away from the bench and force myself to look at the walls. I almost sigh in relief as I see the walls are a solid turquoise with no hair or anything strange. 

Then right before my eyes the walls shift from turquoise to a sky blue with white fluffy clouds, like cotton candy! It takes all of my strength to not gasp with fear and surprise. What is this!? I don't understand!

"The walls are turquoise Doctor." I croak out and blink profusely to try to rid myself of the strange visions.

Then I hear it and I almost faint with fright.

"Virginia" A quiet voice whispers delicately in my ear. "Virginia" the voice repeats more urgently.

"Well Virginia, everything seems to be in order. You are free to go and enjoy your eye sight!" Doctor Scott says cheerily. 

I get up to leave, giving Doctor Scott a tight smile as I walk out the door that was once hardwood and is now an archway of twigs with an ancient looking door that looks like it came straight out of the Lord of the Rings.

That was the beginning of my story. Who knew that this surgery would lead me to be the bridge between two worlds. The All Seer.