"Congratulations on another apprehension, Mr. Grey."

I sneered as I said it, but I really was impressed. He always managed to stop me, his grey overcoat flashing before my eyes, as his large, powerful arms swept me off my feet, throwing me to the ground. In this case it was before I released an incendiary device that would cause the plumbing in the city to fail, recreating the horrible sanitation of Victorian London and causing many to fall ill. 'Anachronistic-Driven Terrorism' was the police term for my crimes usually. I just thought I was terraforming. Lots of side effects go along with those sorts of procedures.

Yet he never used more force than he had to. He never took his anger out on me. He understood I wasn't evil, that my flaws were who I was. Still, I knew he didn't like me.

His one good eye regarded mine with a chartreuse wariness. "Thanks, Akkie. I wish I didn't have to though. I think we are getting to old for this."

I spluttered indignantly, managing to look somewhat professionally insulted despite my handcuffs. I hoped my Lima-syndrome like love for him wasn't blazingly obvious in my scarlet cheeks. I was just tired from fighting, that was all.
"We are not to old! I'm not, and as long as I'm around you'd better be. Besides, you love stopping me and saving the day," I grinned.

He tried to look at me like I was crazy, but I saw a small smile slide across his currently bloodied jaw.
He stood up before any emergency responders could see it, striding away with his grey coat flapping behind him like a cape. He was about to round a corner and disappear, humbly leaving the scene, not taking any credit. The sort of thing that makes newscasters go crazy and the public love him.

That was when I saw it-  a sudden flash of mottled claw, and he turned around the corner just a bit too fast.

"Alright Achievili, you know the drill..." But I never heard the officers Miranda rights spiel. Oh Goddamn it, this wouldn't do. I had worked with Mr. Grey way too long to have him stolen from me. We were just developing witty bylines and snappy repartee!

I'd be damned if Noxwell Codex thought he could swoop in at the last minute with some psychological monsters and just overpower Mr. Grey. Mr. Grey was a lot of things, but he had a long running feud with Psyche, apparently Mr. Grey saved one of her sisters before she could sacrifice herself to Zephyr. No Cupid, but they left that part out. In any case, he wasn't up to facing these mind-eaters. I had to escape somehow.

I quickly pivoted, sidestepping a lunge from the arresting officer, tripping him so he fell forward, and catching his neck with my cuffs. I kicked his radio, gun, and taser off him, then dragged us behind a cop car. I had maximum five seconds before someone noticed and started shooting.

"Uncuff me. Now. Mr. Grey is in danger. You can either release me or I'll kill you and follow him. And before you suggest it, no you're chicken-shit PD can't handle this guy. He's big time, and he hates humanity. I'm really more of a trickster... Noxwell is next level."

Nothing happened. I thought he'd gone unconscious on me and was about to make good on my threat when I felt my wrists freed, and the chains dangled uselessly around one leg. Gulp. Didn't think I'd make it this far.

Ok, I can do this. I charged through a line of shocked EMT's, grabbing a random med kit out of the back of a flashing ambulance. Cops screamed in surprise, and I knew I'd soon have an audience for my kinky role-reversal savior act. I found Noxwell and Mr. Grey at the end of an alley a few blocks down.  

"Hey Noxxy, why don't you send your beasts after someone in your lane?"

"Ha! come on Akkie, we both know you're nowhere near me. I outclass you by several divinity magnitudes."

I considered this. He was right really, I couldn't take him in a straight fight. Hell, he exploited outsiders for a profession. I was definitely an outsider. There was only one way for Mr. Grey and I to come out of this alive. Fuck, I really hope he felt the same way. I stared into his normally tranquil blue eye, the eye of the storm of movement that was him in a grey overcoat. Now all I saw was fear, confusion, He may have been a hero, but he was still an outsider.

I faked towards Noxwell as if to stab him with EMT Shears, then leaned towards Mr. Grey, and grabbed his hand.

"Mr. Grey! You're right, we are getting to old for fighting. I love you. Let's not fight. Let's get out of here." His eye focused on me, settling on my eyes, mismatched as they were. I felt my soul bared. Whatever the truth was about me, he knew it now.

Fuck it, I may as well go all the way. I kissed him, and felt a sharp pain of the psychological monsters Noxwell was using to bind him. Then they slowly released, and his lips settled against mine.

Suddenly chaos, Noxwell's beasts shrilled in pain, unable to exploit any outsiders, and the parasites perished. Mr. Grey and I turned on Noxwell.

"so Noxxy, not so tough when you're all alone ehh?" Mr. Grey casually asked. He was a smart one. We pushed past the helpless Noxwell, hands intertwining in strength. No longer outsiders. The EMT's and cops looked at us in shock as we walked off into an immaculate sunset. the clouds swirled like glowing coins and jewels amid the burning sky, a pyre to the suns descent.
