People used to say "George Washington couldn't tell a lie". I'm one of few who still can say that. It's my party trick. I can snort, inject, smoke or boof--yeah, I even tried that--a thousand micrograms of The Truth, and it doesn't even crack my window on reality.

Funny thing is, I don't mind telling you the truth, lower-case T. In a world where all you need to do to check if I'm lying is drop some T, upper-case T, fuzz out for a bit and get someone else to ask you the right series of questions, there's no point in my even trying to lie to people. I've asked friends about my situation, turns out it's brain chemistry. The term "chirality" comes up, I *think* that's something to do with the shape of the molecules in my brain.

I don't *know*, though. Everything I think I know, I just *think* I know. I have literally never in my entire life been in touch with the Truth. I don't even dream. I can't visualize like most people do. If you're not in the room, and I'm not looking at a photo of you, I can't describe you. All I've got of you are a series of facts: race, age, gender. If I look at your hair I can remember its color and shape, and I can keep that in mind if someone asked me later. Sometimes I don't recognize people when they change their hair, I have to get to know someone really well to memorize a lot of things about them. Subtle cues, like their smell, their walk.

People sometimes drop Truth and think about what it's like being me, and they say it's like closing eyes they didn't know were open. It scares them sometimes, they can feel it so hard they drop out of Truth state, and then they worry about whether they can ever get back or if they've turned into someone like me. It wears off, for them.

Oh, no-one calls me a "liar", or is mean to me. That wouldn't be Truthful. Sometimes they want to try to "cure" me, and then they find out no, you can't, and when they drop out of Truth they're sad about it. That's about the worst that happens to me, in a post-Truth world. People look after me.

You know the guys who discovered it? Yeah, Milford and Wao, the Chemists who Broke the World. Drug cooks, really, who got lucky and then were smart enough to use that luck. I met Milford through VR. He sent me out the best kit there is, that's it over there on my table. Told me straight-up that the Truth was that nothing could be done for me, however it was important to him that I know that he care. That it was the same basic motivation as used to motivate Miracle Wish Foundations and so on. I'd never be able to *know*, but he wanted me to be as certain as a man like me can get, so the Truth was this was how to prove it to me, and I'd be willing to go along with it due to my general good nature. He was right, like you'd expect. The VR feels like reality, the program gets as close to the Truth experience as you can get without being in it, so I can put it on any time I want to know what I'm missing out on.

LSD, mushrooms, all that stuff never worked on me either. Funny story, when I was in college I found that out, and the guy who sold it offered me a job. I'm big, I look at people funny, they don't know quite what to make of me, and I'm totally immune to it. Not a bad set of qualifications for the dealer's off-sider. Not that that's a thing any more, since you can just make Truth with orange juice and lye and naptha.

Turns out most of the fun of all that goes away, once we knew the Truth about what drugs do it's basically just boring old science, mathematics and therapy stuff. What is it the chemists call T again? Oh yeah, an isomer, thanks. That's the word. Other people lose words too, words they can only keep in Truth. I figure people are still more-or-less smart as people used to be back in the 2010s, they can just ask better questions now. Like this one.

So, why are you bothering to interview me? You can just drop some Truth on your couch at home and *know* exactly what I'd say about what my life is like.

Yeah, I know. You're one of those people. Brain chemistry again. Truth alone doesn't make us good, they say. I expect you *know* how this will work out, and you've gone and did it anyway. Screaming to the universe, "you're not the boss of me".

I can't do Truth myself, but I still believe in it. Soon as I got your call, I asked my neighbor to drop Truth and tell me what you really wanted. There's no way to talk you out of it, I've been told. I'm probably the only person around who can relate at all to how you feel, which is why we're having this conversation, because the cops said it would be alright, because you've left the safety on, and you won't have time to do it before they grab you. See?

Two weird-brained folks, you and me. The one with no idea of the Truth and the one with no conscience. World's got no place for either of us any more. Sorry. Good luck.