"Explain it to me again," the President asked. It was the third time today but by straight multiplication probably the 21,636th time if you measure retro chronologically. 

"You're both chipped," I explained. "You're chipped, and the Soviet a Premier is chipped. Both of you can repeat the day if it doesn't go according to plan."

"It's a damn shame that the Soviets invented these things too. If the one you made for me were the only one in existence, winning a nuclear war would be a cinch. I'd just launch the missiles, and then reset the day if things didn't work out. Eventually I'd hit upon the right subterfuge to launch without retaliation, and we'd be able to wipe those Russkies off the map. Might take a while but that's a sacrifice I would happily make for America."

I nodded with as much apparent sincerity as I could muster. 

"But with both of you chipped," I explained, "he can just reverse time himself and reset the day if you seem like you're ahead."

"So how do *I* get ahead?" the President asked. "If I hit him in the first strike that should do it, right? Then he can't reset."

"But you've probably tried that before," I countered. You told me when I walked in that today was on 7212 repeats. I'm sure you've tried every bombing strategy imaginable."

"What if I shot for really unlikely places?"

"You've probably tried all the likely and unlikely places. In fact, one of the first things that came to mind when I considered the issue was true random target generation. A few resets of that would bomb all locations in the Soviet Union at least once. And if I thought of that so easily I'm sure I've suggested it to you a few thousand times."

"Hmm. So we need something neither you not any of my advisors would be likely to think up. What's something you're not thinking of?"

Retro chronological game theory was not the Presidents strong suit. 

I say for a while pretending to cogitate fiercely. Eventually I offered, "this is going to sound crazy, but..."

"Yes?" The President was visibly eager for a solution to his paradox. 

"No, no, it's stupid."

"All the better! We need something that you didn't come up with the last 7212 times, so out with it, man!"

"Well... maybe we could try... *not* nuking the Soviet Union?"

The President's mouth dropped open. Then closed. "No, no, that won't do. Maybe if we fire a full nuclear salvo at Cuba alongside the salvo at known nuclear sites. Nobody would think he was hiding in Cuba, and we've missed him 7212 times, so he must be there! If we get him in the first strike he can't reset, and our surprise first strike on the Soviets will guarantee that we win this nuclear war!"

I raised my hands and voice to stop him but he was already shouting into the red phone on his desk. 

I clenched my eyes shut as the nuclear holocaust began, and activated the third, secret chip- my own. Maybe on try 7213 I'd talk him down. 