To some, to have a God lie with your wife might be a blessing. They would say you were lucky to have one who’s beauty was enough to ensnare the lust of one so great. The insult hovering in the gesture was not unseen. Gods trifle with mortals out of boredom not admiration.   
My Theophila was far too wide with child to trust I sowed such seed myself. At first, I believed her unfaithful in the way of mortals. I was quick to amend my stance when she produced an enchanted pelt that dribbled gold coins at the brush of your fingers through its course fur. Anything of such make was only the work of a God. I stayed my anger and asked. 
“Why?” 

She looked down at the shimmering glint of the gold still sitting on our marriage bed. 
“I had no idea if you would return. Many soldiers are carried home on their shields. He…Zeus, promised me this security and your return. I couldn’t say no.”

My teeth ached from the clench of my jaw. 
“You think me weak?”
A slip of wetness trembled down her check. 
“I am weak.” She replied. 
 
“Mortals are weak”              

A voice like a boom of wind startled me into turning. Before me was an image of man that looked like a mirage. Beautiful and blurred as if my eyes could not hold his appearance for too long.  My chest ached to gaze on him. I needed no introduction for his presence was king alone. 

“Zeus” 

A smile crested in the waves of his golden beard. He tilted his head to Theophila and then looked upon me as one might have looked at something amusing. 
“You were right. Your husband is quite a fine man.” Zeus said, stepping forward. 
My fist clenched at my side as fury grumbled beneath my knuckles. When he was in distance I threw my weight forward and tried to set a blow on his brow like you would any common man. It did not land and he caught my wrist as if it was as light as a feather. The smile gone from his face.  
“You should be grateful for the initial attention I chose to bestow on your house, but since you are selfish. I’ll require another tribute in my honor.” 
My stomach dropped into my feet. My hubris be damned for Gods are vengeful. I could not bare to watch him have my love. 
“Please… at least let me turn away if you would besmirch my bride a second time.”         
The serpent’s grin was on his face now. He tugged with a strength you won’t say no too and I fell across his chest, his arms as vines on my back. His voice hissed in my ear. 

“It is not your wife I desire from you.”  
