The King looked pale and unkempt when he stepped onto the balcony, mouth trembling as he read his latest edict to the people filling the town square below. His normally trim beard had gone shaggy, his brow was lined and eyes bloodshot.

Royal messengers read out the words along with him on raised platforms across the square and throughout the land, to ensure all heard his promise.

"I, King Darius the VII, hereby raise the reward from five thousand Rin to ten thousand. Any man, woman or child who brings me word of my daughter's location, or that of the dragon that ripped her from our home, will be awarded equally, without question or delay in payment...."

The gathered people clucked and muttered in sympathy, the same story spreading in hushed, frightened whispers as they looked warily upon the king. Such ill luck was unnatural, the meek thought to themselves. The bold said it outright, though not where the royal guards could hear them.

"The second child to be taken this year - bad luck it is, won't be any royals left before long..."

The King ignored the mutters, turning his back on his people once the speech was done. He knew what they must be thinking, but he did not care. He would trade his very crown to have Katerina back at his side, his own life if Arwen was returned, too. They were all he had left. How fortunate that Marina was long dead and buried, unable to witness the death of their family.

In the deepest corner of his heart, he knew how futile it was to hope. The dragons fed on the royal line, and had done so for eons past. But in times past it had been one every handful of decades, not this frenzy of feeding...history told him it had last been this bloody in the time of King Salacor, too many years ago to count...

He opened his chambers absentmindedly, and it took him a few seconds to see the dragon. Its glittering hide was the same deep shade of purple-black as the curtains.

It was a very young one, to be so small, scarcely bigger than a house cat. But even young dragons breathed death. Darius strangled a cry of fear as it left its perch on the window, and came to land gracefully in from of him, spiked tail lashing around its claws.

*I shall go to your daughter.*

Curse and blessing, he understood. Their bloodline had always been able to hear the creatures' thoughts, insult upon injury. He curled his hands into fists and forgot himself, reaching for his sword.

*None of that,* the creatures growled, opening its mouth to reveal wickedly sharp fangs, fey green eyes spinning lazily.

Darius felt an odd pang at the sight - his young son's eyes had been almost the same shade, the painters had despaired at capturing the colour for his first portrait.

"*You* will return my child? A dragon?" he spat. He thought about calling for the guards, but something in the beast's eyes gave him pause.

"I will find her. I promise you this," it said, dipping its head in an approximation of a bow. 

"Where did you come from?" Darius whispered, desperate for the truth. 

It was a question they had no answers to, no matter how many adventurers braved their lives to find the secret - where were the dragons born, what caused the blight upon their lands?

The dragon, typically, didn't deign to answer. Without another word, it whipped around and spread its small wings, taking flight again.

"Wait! Please, I beg you!" Darius screamed, but it winked from view so quickly, he thought he had dreamt the encounter.

-----------

He had always known where the girl would be.

She was weeping quietly in the corner of Salacen's cave. The old dragon watched her with keen interest, trying to coax her into conversation.

*How old are you, child? How long have you been able to hear my thoughts? Your mind woke early, I can telll...you are strong...*

She didn't answer, clinging onto her defiance, but hiding her face from those spinning blue eyes that demanded the truth.

Salacen snuffed deeply, and leaned forward to better catch her scent, when another entered his cave. He hissed at the young dragon.

"Be gone, Arawan. I wish to do it."

"She is mine, not yours." The little dragon stood his ground even as his elder towered over him, dwarfing him.

"I wish to explain to her. I wish to explain to *him*," Arawan said. Salecan snorted smoke, his tail lashing dangerously. Katerina whimpered in the corner, trying to make herself smaller.

"That is not how we do it," the elder snarled, stamping to prove his point. Arawan took his chance, ducking nimbly to the girl's side and sinking his teeth into her shoulder, injecting her with a strong dose of dragon venom.

She screamed even as she heard his thoughts, clearer than ever in her mind. She blinked groggily and saw the sympathy in those green eyes, eyes that reminded her of another...

*You will understand soon, I promise.*

"You had no right!" Salacen screeched as the girl slumped to the ground. He was quite prepared to rip the little whelp apart for the theft.

"I had every right. She is my kin," Arawen said, and ducked the enraged drake's jaws. He turned and fled, certain that Katerina would be safe.

She was his kin too, after all.

----------

He had finally gone mad, the King knew. He had awoken at a cold breeze blowing from the open window. Before him stood not one, but two small dragons.

*I found her. She is safe,* the purple one said, eyes spinning in satisfaction.

The golden one hid behind the other's legs, and seemed to look at him shyly.

"Where is she? Where is my daughter?" he said hoarsely, rubbing at his eyes. Hallucinations, that might be all that they were. Cruel sights to tear the last of his mind apart.

*We will come for you soon.*

"Stop taunting me with your threats," he said, when the golden one darted forward and pressed its snout against his cheek. He gasped at the scent that enveloped him, the sight of her glittering green eyes. 

*You will understand soon. We promise. But choose your successor, King Darius. Your kingdom will need it,* he heard the female voice say. 

The dragons took wing while he stood motionless, trying to decipher the words.

It had sounded like a threat, but the smell lingered in the room. Flowers of the mountain, the scent of his daughter. King Darius smiled to himself even as guards cried out below his room at the sight of the dragons in the sky. 

He smiled, though he did not know why, and looked at the sky with sudden yearning.

It was a splendid night for flying.

-------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.