Sam was sat in the kitchen, head buried in one of the many old, leather books his Uncle had accumulated from his trips away. The basement of the house he and his Uncle lived in was littered with oddments - torn up parchment carefully stored in glass cabinets, cubes of previous metals with intricate engravings stood on specially created stands. Bookcases covered the back wall, each shelf bowing under the weight of the various diaries and journals from unknown people. 

Sam closed his book, stood up and tiptoed his way around stacks of boxes and junk. He had been left with the chore of clearing out the house after his Uncles death. 

His uncle was a somewhat absent guardian but it didn't worry Sam. Uncle Jim was never gone more than a couple of days but the last trip was different. A letter through the front door arrived a week ago - the postal marks signified Uncle Jim had been abroad. Inside the envelope was a rather impersonal "In Memoriam" note written on black paper with silver lettering. Although not an abnormal letter to receive in the wake of ones death, the official appearance of it seemed off to Sam. 

There was a loud knock at the door. Sam jumped suddenly and peered round the kitchen door frame towards the front door. He presumed it was a neighbour and so ignored it - he hadn't felt much like speaking to anybody since his last remaining family member had died.

The door knocked again, this time louder and more frantic. This time Sam walked towards the door and looked through the peephole. A tall, spectacled man stood on the doorstep, his black trench coat drenched from the rain. Sam opened the door.

"Hello?"

"Samuel Thomas?" Replied the man, speaking rather seriously. 

"Yes that's me. Who are you?"

The man didn't reply. Instead he reached into his coat and produced an envelope. He passed it to Sam, turned on his heels and walked away. 

Sam stood confused, clutching the thin envelope. Who was that man? He presumed the envelope would give him that answer. He opened the enevelop and slid out the letter inside. The paper was the same black paper as his Uncles memoriam had been written on. The silver lettering was also the same. Sam read the letter.

"Samuel, you are vital to our survival. You are our greatest possession, you are our greatest hope. The world now relies on you. The Collector has been keeping you safe. Now you are on your own"