I couldn't remember exactly when I was born. I could not remember the name of my parents, nor the fact if I ever had any siblings. What I'm sure of though, is that it has been a long time since they, their children, and their grandchildren died of old age. 

A very long time.

Still, my brain can somehow keep track a long period of events. The oldest memory I could think of was a large, catastrophic flood.. I was still a child then but I'm sure I was a few centuries old already at the time. The large buildings, the temples, the stone statues.. all of them crumble before my eyes. I wasn't sure if I was terrified or confused.

I then witness mankind spend another millenium rebuilding itself from ground up. I see wooden tents replaced with stone fortresses, sticks and stones replaced with swords and arrows and old generations replaced with newer ones.

Even though I knew I was a few thousand years old already, I still pretended I was in my twenties. Most people never knew who I was, but their grandparents were sure they had seen me when they were only children. Those who do know me though, never really admitted it and only smiled when they see me. As they grow old they tell their grandchildren a story of an immortal man who witnessed the birth of human culture. The home I lived in then turned into a temple dedicated to animal gods. They attributed my immortality to these animals.

After a few centuries of being in the same city-state ruled by kings proclaiming themselves as gods, I decided that there was still more out there for me to see, sights I must behold and opportunities I should take with this immortality I possess. I've spent too long being confused of who I am, it's about time I make a change.

I first travelled to Egypt. I see it's ruler donning golds and diamonds with his men worshipping him as God's manifestation. I didn't care what they believed, I only want the reputation that king - or whoever he was - had. I was immortal, so I walked into the throne room and ignored all the spears that pierced my flesh. I walked up to  the person that all of Egypt worshipped, and stabbed his neck with a dagger. I am now the immortal ruler of Egypt even though I couldn't understand a thing they say or write, I only sat there on the throne being clueless for a century. But I did order the construction of a small pyramid.

I pretended I was killed as a punishment by Ra or whatever their God was. I secretly left Egypt and travelled back to Mesopotamia, which I assume was my land of birth. I did the same thing to the king there and the people worshipped me. I can remember a few alphabets but their writing and language had changed. I ordered the construction of a large castle which they called a ziggurat. After a century, I pretended that I died, again, and the ziggurat turned into a temple. 

I travelled to China, and I personally decided that if I couldn't understand what they say or write then I'm not fit to rule. It seemed like my idea became popular throughout China and I was put in high regard. They worshipped me as an eternal ruler and I ruled for 200 years. In that period of time I learned their numeric system, which I used to keep track of time. I stayed in China for another millenium as a monk to learn about moral codes and ethics I can apply to myself as a human being. 

I left China, and this time I didn't pretend to die. I simply dissapeared. I travelled to India and befriended the royalty. I met a young man who was the son of a king and was confused about the suffering of his people. He was sitting under a tree when I first saw him, and he taught me about the simple things in life. His ascetic ways had made me realize that the greatest victory of life is spirituality, peace of the soul and mind. I decided to practice his teachings and became his close friend. 

After he died, I left India to preach spirituality and peace. I no longer crave riches and respect, because I have found the answer I so long seek of. I spread his teachings throughout China and other places I could reach. 

After a few centuries, I arrived in the Levant in the city of Jerusalem. I seek a man who I've heard preaching the truth, similar to my beliefs. I finally met the handsome young man in secret and he taught me of great peace. I didn't stay long in Jerusalem to know what happened to him, and travelled to Arabia.

There, I stayed in a pilgrimage city for around 600 years and I saw a man and his followers were persecuted for their beliefs, which includes freedom of slaves and peace. This situation reminded me of what happened in Jerusalem, so I helped them flee their city in search of refuge, and then I left Arabia. 

I travelled to Europe and lived there for a few centuries. It seems the teachings of the man in Jerusalem had became the main belief there. Rome had fallen and was replaced with new kingdoms. I stayed in Europe and for the first time, I waged war.

War was bloody, and the first man I killed with a sword let out a scream I can still remember to this day. It seemed like my teachings of peace had became obscure to me then. I spent a millenium waging war thinking war is the key to peace, despite being clueless of who to side with.

Then came the largest war I could remember, but this time there were giant flying vehicles and weapons that could fire projectiles simply by pulling a small trigger. This wasn't the final one, as another one followed a few decades later with a much more catastrophic end. People became homeless and seek refuge in high hills, their homes obliterated by explosives. I finally decided my military career was to end as well.

I made an identity for myself, and became involved with arts and music. It was only a couple of decades since the worst war humanity has ever seen and people are smiling again. The fashion I've don all these years were versatile. I've learned many languages and became involved with a lot of things that involve charities and helping people. Humans have finally come to grips with what is right, I thought.

Now, the year is 2019. 2 milleniums since I met that guy in Jerusalem and nobody knows who I am. Here I sit in this museum, feeling nostalgic with all these inaccurately named artifacts I once possessed. The historicity of the people I met is debated frequently. Even though I know the truth, I've decided that for now, I'll just stay low and do nothing, possess nothing and see where history goes from here. In fact, I've been wearing the same clothes since 1980, not caring the holes and dirt it has. I've collected enough cash to enter this museum, now time to sit on the street and beg for more to get myself some cheetos. 

And hey, look at the reflection on that glass, I grew some white hair.