
"Two more hours"
The moans of fear were quickly shushed and stifled, but how could one escape the stench of terror?  It wasnt the sounds that was worst, it was the knowing.

It started well enough.  The new colony adapted well, they built their fortress and food reserves as well as they could before they would lose half the colony to pregnancies over the next five years.  It was a calculated boom they would then adapt to, teaching the children in small batches, so that no child was left untaught.

This was zion, their hope, their dream.  Now they sat in their own filth.  The slowly sliding shuffle of people forcing their emaciated bodies through the escape vent grated.  Too slow, but they forced themselves to stillness in the pitch black.  They could not risk alerting the children to their movement.

Slowly after the five year boom, things began to change though no one could see it.  It started with child 3 .  She was found out in the forests at night, sitting.  Nothing was made of this, even when child 9 and child 2 were also found there, in the same location.  They were warned against the beasts of the dark and taken home.

After the five year boom, there would be 8 years of adapting before the next boom.  The children took well to learning, but more and more they would wander off, away into the night.

"What are you doing?"
"Watching." No one thought it odd.

"How long now?" A sigh swept across the mass of people.  
"Thirty minutes," the sea of flesh shifted tides restlessly, but was shushed and stifled.  They knew some would pay today, just as they knew some would be free through that vent.  It had taken so long to find it, loosen it, and finally escape. 

It was after the second boom the children turned on them. Using their parental urges against them, parents did not realize what the children had intended until it was far too late.  Parents who caught on and attempted to contain their offspring were harshly criticized, but not anymore.

The bolt turned.  Unable to maintain composure any longer, the masses pulled away screaming, gut wrenching cries as the door opened. They could no longer hold back from betraying the source of their escape as the sight of it coming tore all human sense from them.

The ray of light shone through, widening as the door opened. 
