It was quiet in the manor. The loudest sound came from Andy’s foot creaking the floorboards. He peeked into bedrooms, checking that the children were asleep. Everything looked tops, except for the back-tickling feeling someone’s watching him.

He closed the door to Jimmy’s room and looked down the long hallway. The darkness erupting at the end of the candles light twisted the hall like black licorice. The candle flickered from a gust of cold wind that carried the scent of wet dog. 

Andy’s heart pounded as he marched into the disgusting candied hall, his candle fighting back the shadows. The only thing telling him his progress was his count of the doors. Two golden orbs cracked with red noticed his approach and flew out from their hiding place under a table. The table bounced and the vase atop it fell, but Andy’s long reach snatched it and returned it home. 

Andy could no longer see the orbs, but the air still carried the dog smell. Andy’s long legs lumbered down the hall, each stride strengthening the smell. The orbs appeared again, closer and seemingly panicked. He lurched forward, arm extending past the candles light and grabbed something soft and fury. The orbs teleported around his hand, seeking their escape. Emerging with his hand from the darkness was the owner of those cracked golden orbs. Little Mary, wearing her pajamas and covered head to toe in fluffy white fur, was crying. 

Andy drew her close to his face. “Why are you awake?” his voice was gruff, like tumbling stones crushing a hiker. 

She sniffled. “I was uh… going to the bathroom?” her eyes fixated to the floor. 

The wet fur under her eyes made it clear something else was happening. “Under a table?” he lifted her higher so her lowered gaze landed on him. “I suppose that’s an honest mistake. I’ll just have to potty train you, again. I'll make sure the others understand so they can respect your struggle and give you advice.” 

She understood his threat and relented. “Fine, it's just… some of the other kids were calling me the runt and that’s why no one wants to adopt me.” 

“Of course they don’t. No one wants any of us. The last time someone visited with the intent to adopt was three months ago, and they left screaming at the sight of me.” Andy smiled to exaggerate his cavitied yellow teeth. “We’re scary and hard to control. But, no one will reject you because you're small, only because you could rip their throat out.” He now traced one of many scars across his face that ended on a charred patch. “That’s why we have to love each other.” He hugged her. 

“Thanks,” she said, sounding not completely satisfied. 

“And you know. Whoever is bullying you hasn’t been adopted either.” 

She snickered deviously. 