It all started 43 minutes and 22 seconds after the plane has lifted off. Firstly, with shutting down of all auxiliary electrics of the aircraft and a slight loss of control, but then everything was fine again. Chang, promising executive of 34 years old was merely concerned with this small inconvenience. At the end of the day everything would be alright, as it always did.  
  
First, he has risen an eyebrow after flight attendands running to cabin, but then returned to working on his laptop. He never cared to turn off his electronics nor putting them in flight mode. It has been ten minutes since his phone has lost signal and that was the most irritating thing to him since the beginning of unfortunate happenings.   
  
As the time went on plane has started to lose stability, the ride has became more and more rough. It was obvious the flight felt as if the plane was not a sophisticated top-noth engineering piece of Boeing, but rougher as with controls of a Cessna. This has continued for two more hours with the changes of route in the flight path. As if the pilot specifically wanted to avoid crowded cities along the way. Many passengers were afraid for their lives and scared in general, but Chang was annoyed to have missed an important meeting. He has risen from his seat, to  yell at the attendans to no vain, as of many uneasy passengers before him has did.   
  
Suddenly announcement from the pilot was heard, that some unusual events taken place and he was doing his best to land safely, however landing in Seoul was no longer an option. Grumbled and sat down Chang, and that is when he saw a bright flash in the horizon from his window. It must be reflection of the sun he thought in a right angle. It was the time when he figured the sun must have been shining in the other side of the plane where plane has lost all on-board electricity and controls. This time they did not come back, and thus was the mass hysteria. Plane started to feel even more rough of a ride now, yet the master pilot kept it all under control.  
  
In the following two hours panic inside the cabin has risen to a level that was the time that cockpit door has opened and assistant pilot has stepped out. All eyes were on him. He had his hat on his chest and a look of a broken man on his face and he declared Seoul and Beijing, and most of the capitals and major cities of developed world for that matter, was bombed in world wide nuclear war. He continued his speech with preparing the passengers for a rough landing as the planes fuel has come to an end.