Even I heard about the sewers. The story of the disappearing orphan even made its way to someone as out of touch as I am. It’s said that a child ran away from the nearby orphanage into the woods. A storm hit soon after and she was tossed around by the flood currents until she found herself where the water ended up: the drainage sewers. Then she died, or something like that.

I never understood these tales. If no one saw this happen, how do we know about it? And I’ve never seen a storm here strong enough to take someone away, but don’t fact check that. I’m not a weatherman.

No, I’m a police officer. And right now, that story is trying to claw its way to the frontlines of my thoughts. A group of six teenagers came in earlier today (though they looked around 30) and told me about the events that supposedly happened down there. The tall, muscular one said through perfect teeth that he thought the sewers would be a good place to throw a party. The smell of shit coming from the group said otherwise.

“Look man, I saw what I saw. There’r over 30 people down there an’ they’re all dead ‘cept us 6,” the unrealistically handsome man said.

“So you thought it was a good idea to put 30 people in a narrow concrete tube filled with waste that might have a ghost in it?” I replied.

“I didn’t think there’d actually be a demon in there!”

“That has to be the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Didn’t your girlfriend have a relative who disappeared in those sewers?” I nodded toward the next room where the others were being questioned 

“She’s... not my girlfriend... anymore. But her dead aunt is what gave me the idea.”

There was probably a story there, but I didn’t care about his social life. It’s now that I realized that I’ve been assuming the ghost is real and I’m blaming the survivors for the missing people. The door to the interrogation room opens and officer Rodney calls me outside. He and a group of paramedics went down into the tunnels to see what was down there. They didn’t find any bodies. He told me that disproves the ghost theory because there were no dead bodies at the supposed crime scene. I had a slight problem with this: “THEN WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THE TEENAGERS?” I found myself yelling. Rodney said that it wasn’t our business and we should leave it to the higher ups. Instead of being an idiot like Rodney, I decided I should actually tell people about it and get some people with guns in the sewers.
There were four officers, including myself, who descended underground. Rodney went first because he “wasn’t afraid.” Long story short: something grabbed Rodney, I shot it, it didn’t die, we filmed it all, and now no one parties in the sewers and I’m in therapy.



*ive never really written things like this before so don’t judge it too hard*