"This is it Jimmy" my mother reminded me, as we walked the streets to the exam center. I didn't need her reminder. The constant studying of politics, history, and war thoery has been my reminder. "Are you listening to me Jimmy? Answer the question! We need this."
 "Sorry Mom. I gues the nerves are getting to me. Can you ask me again?" It wasn't the nerves. It wasn't anything. This may be my moms plan for our lives but it isn't mine. 
"Which of the great powers helped form the new Great America?" 
"That's easy mom - Noth Korea." Though this isn't what I want. I have to do my best for my mother. She has sacrificed so much for me. She's worked multiple jobs and gone hungry before so I can eat. I have to pay her back. I have to get the highest grade on the Ruler Exam so I can take care of my mother.
"Alright Jimmy, we're here. I have to wait out here. Remember we need this. I love you sweetie."
"I love you too mom." With that I left me mom and walked into the exam center. The exam was being held in our community center, which has a huge main room. In this room was row after row of desk with dividers so no one could see who was next to them. All of the lights were on and very bright compared to the setting sun outside. I felt nearly blinded when I walked it. 
I got into the queue to registered and had to wait. And wait. And wait. Finally it was my turn to register.
"What's your name and address?" the old expressionless lady behind the desk asked me.
"My name is Jimoethy Johnerson. My address is 213 Beacon St 1R Boston MA."
"Okay son. Follow this lady she will take you to your desk."
"Thank you." I followed the lady. Who was actually my old high school counselor. I hated that lady. She use to ridiculed my mother for having me take the Ruler Exam. She would say that the exam wasn't designed for poor shits like us to pass. That I'd never do it. I may not want to be the ruler. But it be amazing to throw that in her face.
I sat down at the desk and took a deep breath before reading the first question. Let's do this for mom I remind myself.

 