(First ever story in this sub, so if you have any helpful advice I would love it!)

As I write this I’m seated in my hotel room. In the next hour we shall assemble and vote for the Oscars this year, and I fear this is the last year we all will remember as normal. I thought I could prevent this from happening, but those damned Hollywood bastards had to go and make The Revenant! Fools! They have no idea what they’ve brought upon us! I know people have been preaching the end is nigh since there was humans to understand the concept, but for once the end is truly nigh. 

Many, many years ago my father called me to the backyard. He sat on the swing set, silent, scared. I had never seen him like this before. He cleared his throat and began: “My son, there are people in this world who wish to see dark, and disgusting things come back. They’ll do whatever it takes to accomplish this, and we had thought we’d stopped them…But no….No we hadn’t.”

He handed me a brooch with an odd design, suddenly a clap of thunder and he fell over dead. I could feel the crosshairs on me for a few seconds, but then they were gone. Little did I know I would meet my dad’s assassin in the not too distant future. 

I was confused, and lost. And one day my answers came. Several armed men took me and my mother far away, where they explained it all. They told me how an ancient evil order devoted to a sea demon planned to release his holy restraints. The only issue being the most important part of this spell was nearly unobtainable. However, the place they could obtain it from was a statue, a very special one. An Oscar statue. Evidently the trophy develops the mineral through intense concentration of a million minds. It’s no bigger than an atom, but integral to this formula to summon a dark lord from the deepest part of the sea. They trained me and taught me, and helped me secure a position as a judge for this special trophy. And one day…I would meet the immortal man who wished to have it…Leonardo DiCaprio

I remember it well. I saw Titanic with my then girlfriend, now wife, and we both loved it. We went to a special screening as I’d just obtained a job as one of the judges. I met Leo there, a charming man indeed. I was in the stall as I heard him and another man talking, they were speaking in hushed whispers as if they were in some sort of spy movie. ‘Finally, the circle is coming to a full close. We only need this one piece, and we shall bring our lord back from the depths.’ It took me a moment to realize it was Leonardo speaking! The other man I still don’t know, I couldn’t leave until they were both gone. But I had overheard enough to know who it was that couldn’t have this award. I met him after and did my best to pretend I knew nothing, politely shaking his hand with a chuckle, and wishing him good evening. He pulled me close, and with a bit of a growl in my ear, “The Serpent Lord will return…” He patted my back as if nothing had been said, and was on his way.


From that day forward, I’ve done everything in my power to block him from getting this trophy, sometimes it meant doing despicable things, but it was to save the world. I see memes every day; I’ve seen every single movie. The Departed, What’s Eating Gilbert Grape, Wolf of Wall Street, all of his amazing performances. I was so close to caving when I saw Django Unchained! The tiniest part of me ached to give in but I couldn’t let him have the trophy, the consequences were not nearly worth such a thing! 

However, I know tonight is it. I sit drinking a bottle of scotch, and I know what I’ll do at the awards ceremony. I will make sure I’m seated right beside him in the audience. I’ll bribe anyone and everyone I must to do so. I’ll look him those beautiful eyes, with that perfect smile, and before he can even stand, I’ll finish it before it starts. And I will have my father’s revenge…
