Working as a machinist danger is just a finger in the press away. You'd been working there for years. The last of your kind. Bitch of nothing. Knew everything. It's the southern way. 

You weren't surprised when they paired you up with noobs. You were tough as shit and could thin the heard. 

But the quality of applicants has gone downhill. These new kids just didn't care. One kid was on his phone watching a vine video while you were given safety instructions. 

You slapped that phone out of his hand to the floor and called it a casualty. He bitched and whined. Threatened, but you could just say the truth - he wasn't paying attention when you repositioned yourself on the machine. 

With the decline of the quality of worker came the decline of machine safety. These old machines, made 60 years previous could go for another 60; but all of the safety switches and micro-electronics always went out. 

It's like your older sister - a nurse. Once they switched over to computer operated IVs, she was out. Obsolete. The old way worked just as good and the new way had nurses typing 5 mg instead of .5 on the morphing drips. 

So they pair you up with a guy named Dale. Just this vacant husk. Even when you shook hands his attention was elsewhere. The follow up 'welcome to Acme widgets' was responded to with a 'huh?'  

But what really made you uneasy was his name. Dale. You'd have to be careful. 

Dale picked up nothing in the following weeks. You were suppose to untether him from you, but he kept asking say 1 questions after doing the process 12 times. Then a day 5 question. Then back to a day 1 question. 

You'd always start: Dale I need your attention. That seemed to sophisticated for him. Dale, I need you to be attentive. Still, vacuous. 

In a fit of rage; just festering for weeks you shout: hey Dale, watch this!" Probably because its was swimming around in your head since you met this lump of shit. 

And that 60 year old machine finally broke. A gear lost a tooth and it shot straight into your heart. You lost all feeling and drop. 

Your last moments you see death standing over your head and Dale live-streaming your last moments. 

What's a redneck's last words: hey Dale, watch this!