"Please sit down Mr. Gouger, Karren will in be shortly."

I grind my spiked teeth. Anything but Karren. Monsters see scary shit every day, it is our bread and butter, but we are just as petrified of HR as anyone else. You think your HR department is bad? Try staffing it with actual monsters.  

I try to get comfortable in the seat, but it was expressly designed to achieve the opposite. Where do you even buy chairs that are intentionally uncomfortable? Is there a website, or do they have to have them specially made? Karren probably has them carved out of ground up orphans, or the femurs of cute puppys. If it's a good day she probably kills the puppies first.  

She slithers in without a sound, because HR never wants you to know they are in the room. I sense her presence before I see her. The room feels different, like even the oxygen is finding an excuse to be somewhere else. She locks eyes with me, all seven of them, and her forked tongue flickers before she slams down onto one of those yoga balls. It's supposed to be good for posture, but the woman has a hunchback you'd need ropes to climb, so I'm thinking that ship has sailed. 

Karren flips open a beige folder. Why are they always beige? It is the only thing in this room that isn't offensive, which somehow makes it worse. She tutts as she rifles through the paper inside.  

"These numbers are unacceptable. You haven't raised your victim's heart rate, there's no sign of nightmares. He isn't even getting less sleep. What do you have to say for yourself?"

Hmmm, how am I going to broach this? Do I just blurt it out, or should I make her reach the conclusion herself? Nah, that's going to take too long, she has the razor sharp intellect of a bag of hammers. Better if I just spell it out for her.  

"Something is wrong with this assignment. I think maybe there has been some kind of mistake."

"You're telling me!" She squeezes a stress ball, her claws instantly puncturing it. She pulls another out from a drawer. 

"No, not like that. This kid isn't normal. He's doing stuff at night when his parents are asleep. Deprived stuff..."  

"Of course he is, he's a teenager. What were you expecting, tea parties? Maybe some fancy dress?"  

I briefly wonder what they would do to me if I just snapped Karren's neck like a twig. She'd probably come back to life. Satan wouldn't put up with her bullshit. "You're not listening. He's not normal. I have seen him command legions through a portal in his bedroom, and when they die he calls them useless shitbags and brings them back to life. I think he may be some kind of messiah, or at least a demi-god. Sometimes he leads the army, and sometimes he sends a small version of himself and single handedly saves galaxies. I've seen him do it a bunch of times. The other day, he put saving the princess on hold to collect twenty wolf pelts. She's been waiting for weeks to be saved, and he's off killing families of wolves for no obvious reason. It's not like the wolves kidnapped her. They didn't have anything to do with it as far as I can tell. That isn't even the worst of it."

Karren scribbled something in her notepad, although I had no idea what it said. For all I know she made a note to pick up milk, so she could feed it to lactose intolerant orphan puppies. She gestured that I was allowed to continue talking, which really increased my urge to redecorate this office. 

"Sometimes he doesn't want to be the hero, he just wants to kill stuff. He simulates an entire world and then proceeds to murder people over and over, laughing as they are reincarnated so he can slaughter them again. He insinuates that he has regular intercourse with their mothers, although I have never witnessed a female in his room before. Then he rubs his avatars scrotum in their corpses face, while questioning their sexual orientation. He has these amazing abilities, and yet he uses them to humiliate and dominate others. He is truly a monster."

Karren sighed, the noise squeaking out like a wet fart. She said, "These sound like excuses. Honestly, I'm just not convinced you're scary enough. Maybe we will find someone scarier."  

That was the last thing I remember before the blackout. 

When I came around I was being promoted, something about the scariest performance HR had ever seen. Karren still slithers with a limp because of it. They asked if I wanted to reassign someone else to the kid, but I told them not to. Sometimes you just have to leave God to it and hope that our world is next on his list of ones to save. 
 