You peer into the mirror as you apply the finishing touches, referring as you always do to a promotional headshot taken years ago.  Your glistening hair is getting thinner, and no amount of product will make it look as full and lustrous as it did in days past.  Your skin has a growing number of imperfections; your teeth yellow by the day.

We don't forget everything.  Not at first, anyway.  Not all of us.  And even a faint glimmer of Truth can violently rouse a body from its Slumber. 

You step out onto the stage as the choir hits the final exaltant notes of a transcendent Bachian chorale.  Face beaming with joy, you bow your head in false modesty and speak as the congregation sits.

"*Eli! Eli! Lama sabachthani?* My God! My God! Why hast thou forsaken me?  Words spoken by the Son of God, a simple carpenter named Yeheshua Ben Joseph.  And who hasn't spoken these words?"

A multitude of blank faces aching with a visceral need for truth turn to you, rapt like flowers to the sun.

"God has not forsaken you.  It is you who have forsaken God.  You have forgotten the fundamental Truth, Love, and Light."

*If they only knew*

Throughout the ages, we have wondered at the wisdom of the illuminated men.  Scattered throughout the globe, these awakened souls have acted as though guided by a Higher Power, lifting humanity to ever greater heights.   These are the men who have not forgotten.

And so we have pierced the veil.  One by one, lifetime by lifetime, those who remember their crimes have transmitted what they remember.  First, orally; then, in written form.  In the brutal deserts, among goat fuckers and savages, those who remember why and how they got here have transmitted what little wisdom they could carry through the Eye of the Needle, building upon the work of others.  Bit by bit.

"Like Adam and Eve forgot the fundamental Truth, Love, and Light.  Like Abram, Exalted Father, who remained in deep slumber for 70 years, before finally remembering.  Whom God named Abraham, Father of Multitudes."

You haven't told them the truth about the Bible.  People try to point out inconsistencies, but they too are asleep.  Abraham did live hundreds of years, only it wasn't here.  His name wasn't Father of Multitudes.  And he wasn't, strictly speaking, human.  He had a past, a life, and a name.  He knew his crimes.  So it was with Moses.  So it was with Confucius.  And so with every great spiritual leader in history.

As the wise men drew us out from cowering in grass huts under the oppressive Sun, they observed the canopy of the stars.  The movements of the celestial bodies are one of few leaks into this World from the Higher Planes.  The primitives intuitively understood this, and worshipped the stars and planets.

Modern man is surprised how many ancient cultures claimed to be from Sirius, the Dog Star.  If they knew your Father, they wouldn't be.  Isn't he everyone's Father, after all?

"But in the midst of this ignorance, in the midst of this rejection of the Truth, the Lord God is come.  He offers you everlasting salvation, in this life and the next.  All you have to do is say yes."

Not quite the Truth.  We had everlasting Life and Love.  Each and every one of us.  This is our punishment, our torment.  Our prison.

And you have made the best of it.  You've spent your youth building a following by speaking as near to the Truth as is palatable to the masses.  People are still savages.  People haven't exactly stopped fucking goats.  And they will still rise up and tear you limb from limb for arousing them from their pitiful slumber.

Your power comes from one simple Truth: divine light can only be filtered, not extinguished.  If you know the color and texture of your looking glass, you can see the colors for what they are.  And nothing touches an impoverished Soul like True Color.

"And what if you say no?  The Rabbi known as Yeheshua of Nazareth endured the eternal fires of hell so that you don't have to.  And you want to say *no?*"

People ask why the obsession with Yeheshua Ben Joseph.  For one, He remembered more than perhaps any other single Soul in all of history.  Second, His religion holds the most sway worldwide.  Others may have more zealous adherents, but if you want true Power?  Christianity has been your only gambit for hundreds of years.

But your obsession runs deeper.  It's about what He didn't remember, isn't it?  *Eli! Eli! Lama sabachthani?*

Indeed.  Why has Our Father forsaken Us?

"I say Yes!  I have built a church for Him!  And I am building a Tower!  Not like the Tower of Babel, a monument to Earthly Folly.  I will build a Spiritual Tower.  A Tower built of this Flock!  A Tower of Souls!"

Ok, so you do tell them some things.  You've tracked the Dog Star since your arrival in this Godforsaken place.  You've read the assiduously kept records of your predecessors, who fitfully scratched a log of planetary paths in blood on animal skins when necessary.  Who encoded the Truth in grand tales of Floods and Cataclysms, only to be burned alive by the savages.  Only to have their vast libraries turned to ash.  Only to be set back another thousand years.  Again.

But not this time.  The planets are aligning, and you will be ready.

"And when I build that Tower, I will look upon the Countenance of the Lord!  His Beauty will be so magnificent that my tears will not even temper it!  Hallelujah!"

His Beauty is your Beauty.  You are Family, after all.

You may know less than Yeheshua, but for all his proclamations, he couldn't even hint at what you know.

"And should the Dark Lord come to me, I will repeat the Word of my Brother: Get behind Me, Satan!  In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost."

It is Nature that the younger brother learn from the mistakes of the Elder.  It is Nature that the Son learn from the Father.

You are here.  Now.  And neither your Brother nor your Father suspect a thing.

"Thine"

*Shining Terror, Scourge of all Creation*

"Is the Kingdom"

*Is Hell not Yours and Yours alone?*

"And the Power"

*To Destroy, and to Create*

"And the Glory"

*The Glory shall be Mine*

"Forever"

*Funny thing, Eternity.  It's a lot like Death.*

"Amen"

*Let the Choir sing*