Casually assembling my frozen steak dinner, the world seemed a pretty mellow place. Nice birds were singing outside. The sun was high in the sky. I was casually wondering why, exactly, we were apparently having steak dinner at lunch time.

Then you wouldn't believe what happened next. Unbeknownst to me, my spouse suddenly crashes in through the roof - the only viable entryway due to the dreadful condition of my shack - and forcing his way in after her was an enormous figure, a veritable ork in comparison to my own meagre frame. A slow, painful realisation slewed down my brow as I unhappily absorbed the sight that confronted me.

"What the fuck!?" I screamed in desperate terror at the leering figure, his face already crimson red with the sudden onset of apocalyptic rage at the sight of my miserable hovel. It was, of all people, Gordon Ramsey. I suppose I had been wondering why my spouse kept on talking about him. And looked exactly like him. And kept referring to him as 'dad'.

The situation was grim. Ramsey's expression was gradually deforming to allow his mouth to emit, presumably, some great and terrible cacophony of abuse from deep within his warped soul. 

"Fuck!" I continued in a sort of haphazard defensive-offensive of swearing in a desperate attempt to stop the giant cook from beginning his own tirade, "Looking forward to some fucking steak are we!?! Watch this!"

I stumbled over myself (and several loose slugs) to get to the kitchen sink, wherein I loudly and explicatively washed several frozen steaks. "Fuck's sake, it's fucking freezing," I bellowed. My hands froze to the steak. In a flurry of sailor's language I lurched, limbs glued, to the oven, opened it with my foot and turned it on with my teeth.

As the steaks cooked for the next forty minutes I simply stood there and roared "fuck" before periodically scurrying around preparing, as I called them in my terror, 'vegetatables'. The scent of burned flesh permeated the shack, indicating that I had baked the steaks long enough. I screamed somewhat genuinely as I removed them, charred, from the oven, realising that steaks are in fact not baked. Being a Trappist monk, however, I saw no issue with this and served them on wooden platters. In contrast to the great waves of noise I had generated prior the silence of joining the other two in dining was an experience of deepest soul-rending void.

"Well, that was interesting," ate Gordon, enjoying his baked steak and vegetables. "I approve of your cooking methods. Your attitude, particularly, shows a deep commitment to the role of Cook that I frankly wasn't expecting. And - just look at this dump! You must be saving your money, a sensible choice. Well," he said, tucking away his bib, "ta-ta for now."