This week I have had a collective total of eight hours of sleep. I get maybe two hours per night before one of the children knocks on my door becuase they drank the last blood bag, or someone's taken their favourite toy, or one of the whisp children has sleep-floated into their room again. It could be any of the number of issues that spring up all the time at this unusual manor.

I wouldn't trade it for the world though. I love working with the kids, helping them learn and grow in a place away from where the public would be terrified of them.

We do have a Rocky relationship with various government agencies, they all want to have some level of control over what happens in my house. Ministries of environment, wildlife, and fisheries are always dropping by to see how the werewolf children are affecting local ecosystems when they go out and hunt. Evrytime a body shows up within a 10 mile radius they send officers to question the vampire children and me. The energy commission keeps hearing rumors about a boy made of living electricity and they're always trying to worm their way into the manor. They say they "just want to talk" and I keep telling them I don't have any children like that here. Best to let Jacob have a as normal a childhood as I can provide here. I told the invisible twins they can play tricks on the energy goons whenever they stop by.

There was a close call two years ago when this place was almost shut down and all the children turned over to the government "for their own wellbeing". They had snuck an inspector into the house pretending to be a parent checking out of the house would be suitable for their child. Of course, we are now much more particular about who gets in. They made all sorts of claims about uncleanliness and hazardous living arrangements. Just as I was reading over the subpoena the doorbell rang and standing there was a tall man in a suit with a young girl in a dirt stained blue dress. The man was here to drop off his daughter, who had fallen asleep in the grass of their backyard and had begun to grow roots into the earth. That was a new one for me. I stuffed the court summons into my back pocket and began to show them around. The man was mainly concerned with the safety and education of the young girl and I assured him that we have more books to learn from than he could count and that this was the safest place for any of the children I care for. He then brought up that he had concerns over the subpoena he say me out in my pocket and I explained the situation. I told him that honestly I'd be more than happy to welcome his daughter to our home, but that it might not be a permanent situation with the threat of closure looming above us.

Then, as if the fates themselves had lined this up, he pulls out a business card and introduces his law firm. We work out an agreement and his daughter ends up spending lost of her time here, going to her father's place in weekends. Her name is Lucile, and she has been one of the best children I have ever worked with. We even put together the funds to build a greenhouse for her.

Thanks to her father, we won the case and were allowed to stay open. He's represented the the children and myself on a number of occasions, including once when one of our shaoeshifters was sleep walking and a local congressman woke up with an elephant asleep in his backyard. Accusations of animal cruelty and invasion of private property were thrown around, it was a bit of a mess.

So far we've survived each attempt at shutdowns and acquisitions, and we'll survive the next ones too. I now have 34 children to take care of and I love each of them, even if sometimes I go days without rest. These kids and I aren't going anywhere. 