We found the ancient tombs of our forefathers. We found the Caves of the Moon, the Pit of Fire, the Howling Stones carved into form of our people. Everything as described in legends passed down generations upon generations. The Second Cycle would be complete. But we also found something else.

The first reports from the scouts caused the priests to rush before the caravan, contrary to their usual behavior. Their furious barking and howling could be heard far over the hills before the rest started to arrive in the vale. Warriors ran to see what caused this uproar and came back with their teeth bared, looking alert and angry. Even though I was dead tired from pulling a supply sled for miles, my tongue hanging from my mouth, I wasn't looking ahead to arriving to our destination. I glanced back at my little brothers behind me and saw them walking with their tail between their legs.

The priests were dancing around a huge stone monument, barking, defecating on it, spit running from their mouths like they were madmen. They jumped at it in rage and tried their teeth on it. But there it stood, unmoved, with it's stony eyes looking towards the sun. I felt relieved. I had anticipated an unholy monster, or maybe that the land had been struck by some kind of a catasthrope, but this didn't move me. What threat could a stone pose to us, even if the creature it decipted was of an uncanny form? Surely it was just forgotten by the legends and been there since the beginning.

I didn't think more of it, since I had more important things to attend to. We moved deeper into the vale as more of our people poured in, looking for a good place to set up their tents. Hunters ran away in a pack, looking for the boars that surely had moved here before us. When me and my brothers found a flat piece of land, the youngest one, who had been walking beside us, removed the ropes tied around me and the others. As white clouds moved accross the sky overhead, we unpacked our belongings from the sled and raised two tents made of boar leather. The other would be used by my family and the other by a couple of warriors that didn't have time to set up their own tent.

Later I was chewing on a bone, lying on the grass as my brothers slept inside the tent. I saw a familiar grey, ragged male walk towards me. I stood up and bowed my head in respect, glad that the old guy had made the trip. As far as I know he had been walking near the end of the caravan with other aged ones that didn't have to pull sleds. He didn't show that he notified my gesture, as usual, and lied down next to me, sighing.

”I have lived through four migrations, by the bones of my father, this was the toughtest.”

”Surely the next one will be easier”, I replied, knowing full well that this would be the last settlement he sees. He knew it too, but it wasn't polite to say out loud. Nobody ever lasted more than four migrations. This had been my second, I had been but a pup when the first one happened.

He lay silent for a while, and then said ”I wish you could leave this place sooner than usual. You look at the rock?”

”The rock the priests were so upset about? No, I didn't pay much mind to it. Looked a bit like a bad attempt at making a copy of the Howling Rocks. I saw them, by the way. Magnificient how they can carve the stones to look just alike us.”

”The rock does look exactly like something,” he said, glancing at me. ”It isn't a bad attempt. Not at all. If the legends are to be believed, it is better than the last one.”

”The last one?” I asked, baffled.

”In the first settlement I lived in, where I was born, we had one exactly like that. And we were taught about the meaning of it. It is the face of the people of the Devil.”

”The people of the Devil?” I was feeling my fur stand up. I didn't like ghost stories. ”People with squinty eyes, small pointy ears and almost no snout at all?”

”Have you ever thought about what's on the other side of the Cycle as we traverse it? The legends say that we once lived near these people, but had such hatred for them as they did for us, that we fought and fought and nearly extinguished both families. And then the great Hound of the Skies divided us as a way to prevent us from killing each other, commanding us to traverse the Cycle forever.”

”Why haven't I heard of this?” I asked, eyes wide.  I had forgotten of my bone listening to this. ”I've always been told that we're the only ones walkind the land.”

”That's what the current priests want you to think,” he said, with his ears dropping low. ”I wasn't sure what to believe myself before I saw that rock. I sincerely still hope that you never have to see  these people in the flesh, since it's also been told that if we were to meet them, it would result in a final, all-ending battle.”

”The peple of the Devil,” I said, ponderously, while picking up my bone to chew on it.

”There was also one other name given to them in the legends,” he said, shruddering.

”Cats.”