It didn't seem so bad at first, when Saint Peter first laid out the rules for entry into heaven. It seemed like a fair trial, with life being sacred and all. Killing another creature is ending its chance at continuing to enjoy its life, it seemed fair that it should get a chance to prevent me from enjoying my afterlife. I quickly started to think about what I was going to face.

I had never killed anyone, so at least I wouldn't be fighting any humans. I felt better when I thought of that. I wasn't even a hunter, so I had never killed anything like a Bear, or any large mammal really. I hit a deer on the road near home a few year back, so I had that to deal with.

It was at that moment I started to think about the smaller animals. Those were a different story.

I had been working 6 days a week, 50 weeks a year, for 35 years at the job I had started at because I answered a classified ad in the local paper as a fresh-faced 18 year old who needed any job that would take him. Every day, rain or shine, I killed every unauthorized creature in any house that called our catchy 800 number. I was an exterminator, and I was damn good.

I started to freak out when I thought about the ants. So many ants. Each colony is what, a million ants or more? I killed those by the thousands, every week.

The hornets? The wasps? Oh god.

Ok, maybe I can run away. Maybe I will just live here in limbo forever. There is no way I can kill all those wasps with my bare hands. I will just run.

That was my plan, until I suddenly appeared on the battlefield. I wasn't ready, I needed time to plan. Where would I run, what would I use for cover, was there water I could run to? I hadn't killed many fish.

There were no objects to hide behind. I was just out there, in a white room. The walls were maybe two feet in front of me. I could touch them if I reached out.

I looked left, and saw a wall maybe 30 feet to the left. The wall on the right was the same. It extended back out of my vision. There was a ceiling around 40 feet in the air, but I had no way of reaching it. From my current view, I appeared to be in a large, but not gigantic, room.

I quickly turned around, but was not prepared for what lay in front of me. A solid wall of living, moving, substance stood at least 10 feet tall not 10 feet in front of me. It seemed to be pressed up against an invisible wall, a solid barrior keeping the mass from collapsing towards me. If I looked closly, I could see indivdual ants and insects move about.

Above the mass swarmed a nearly solid swarm of wasps and hornets. They seemed angry, as the clear barrier did not seem to block sound. I could hear them buzzing as a near solid wall of sound. It was deafening.

I heard a countdown start at 5. I barely had time to think about what was about to happen. 4. I heard Saint Peter say good luck. 3. Is there really only 3 seconds left? 2. Ok it is happening. 1. I need to protect my eyes.

As the countdown hit 0 and the barrier dropped, I saw the mass collapse towards me. As I closed my eyes and placed my hands over my ears, I thought about what this was supposed to be for.

This wasn't heaven.

This was hell.