It had been 3 weeks since the drop. In an instant the entire population of the Earth, all 10 billion of us, fell from the sky. Half of us in each hemisphere; it was a 5,000,000,000 v 5,000,000,000. Those of us dressed in red (like myself) fell to the north, those in blue to the south. There were some minor scuffles at first as some of the blues didn’t get the memo and landed with us. They had the shit beat out of them instantly, then it when quiet. The fighting didn’t really begin until after the first storm forced us toward the Equator..... the children were the first to go. The younger ones didn’t know what was going on and just got pummeled to death with mining tools or fell into the sea. The older pre-teens hoarded the sniper rifles we’d managed to gather and died attempting to rush in and no scope any blues we came across. After that it only got worse. As the storm continued to close in the fighting got more intense. I was lucky, made it into the last million or so survivors. I say “was” because soon after that I fell. Hard. I didn’t really know what happened. A little grenade thing landed by me and I ended up flying off of a ledge. When I landed I broke what felt like every bone in my body. As I lay writhing in agony I saw hundreds of thousands of my fellow Reds gather. Some seemed to pity me, but most had grown indifferent, they had seen it a million times already. A bearded man came closer than the others and leaned over me. Through the pain and the punctured lung I begged for his help. I didn’t want to die like that after having come so far. His soulless eyes met my own. He reached his left hand down and grabbed his waistband. It was then I noticed that on his belt he had some sort of grenade, the same device responsible for my fall. Slowly, his right hand moved up to meet his forehead, his thumb and pointer finger extending into an L shape. He stood straight up and began to kick his legs rhythmically to a song that was not there. A moment later, the woman behind him followed suit. Then the man next to her. One by one, hundreds of thousands of Reds circled around my broken body, the mob stretching to the horizon in all directions. Together they danced over me with steely faces that betrayed no emotion. This continued for roughly two minutes until I finally bled out... then the first dude stole my shit and dabbed over my corpse. 