You know, I should have known this wasn't a normal class when the midterm involved three bulls and a book simply titled "¡Matador!". Joke's on me now, apparently, because I have no idea where I am, and I must have been dropped out here by helicopter, because there aren't even tire tracks. At least last time we got to work in pairs. I'm still proud as hell of Jimmy Bowman for distracting the hell out of Pedro the bull while I figured out what the word "apuñalar" meant. (Turns out it means "to stab." Who knew. Not me, apparently.)

The wind is kicking up desert dust, and I'm writing in my journal just in case somebody comes by and finds vultures eating my corpse. I can count what I have on my person with one hand: a wad of pesos, my shirt, my pants, my ratty-ass sandals, and the wrapper for the cookie I'd planned to eat while I took my final. Seriously? Just the wrapper? Señor Lopez took my cookie? Bastard.

Oh, right, and the note telling me this is the final, not the stack of tests on the teacher's desk. Great. Perfect. Awesome. Where the hell am I? And will I need to know the imperfect tense to make it to a building with air conditioning? I think "how to eat a cactus" is probably more important right now than "speaking the native language."

I'm not sure if it's morning or evening. The sun is rising or setting, and either way, it's going to get really hot in the next day. Better travel now. I pick a direction on the road and start walking.

It's probably three or four hours -- dammit, turns out it's morning, and the road is getting hotter by the minute -- until a guy on a dirty motorbike comes blazing by. He stops with a funny look on his face, skidding in the dirt until he can put a foot down and pull his helmet off.

"Excuse me?" he says in Spanish, at least something I know. It's not the "I got in your way" kind of excuse me, but the "what the hell are you doing" kind. I offer him a shrug, because that's about all I can manage.

"Where am I? Can I ride your," I stop to think, scratching my head, "uh...bicycle?" Bicicleta is the closest thing I can think of to motorcycle. Good enough. He gets the idea, at least, but he laughs because I'm clearly a really, *really* lost kid. He says something at me that's too fast for me to pick up -- let me tell you, I'm not exactly an A student -- but pats the tiny scrap of seat behind where he's sitting. I stuff some sweaty pesos into his hand -- that gets another laugh -- and climb on.

He drives like a maniac, but it's better than frying in the desert. Yelling through his helmet and the gunshot sputter of his engine, he says he made the bike himself, or at least that's what I think he says, because I can hear about half of it. He rambles on about what it can do, and once or twice he pops a wheelie and scares the piss out of me, but eventually some ramshackle old house shows up in the distance like an angel out of heaven and reassures me that at least I'm not about to get taken apart for organs or something. Or whatever criminals do in...whatever country I'm in. Mexico, I think. Pesos and all that.

He skids to a stop again in front of the house, so close to the ratty front porch that I think I'll go flying into the kitchen straight from the seat. From his constant rambling, I get the idea of where we are -- outside some little town, maybe a twenty minute ride away. He's about my age, turns out. He lives with his mom. He's really just some guy, and he has no idea who my Spanish teacher is when I ask.

Terrific. Señor Lopez ditched me in the middle of Mexico with no actual knowledge of who was around me or where I was. At least there are no bulls this time. I think I say that out loud, because the guy -- Miguel -- laughs and looks at me like I'm a bit off my rocker. I think I am, too, right now. The heat is getting to me.

An hour later, I've told Miguel my story as best I can, and he shakes his head and laughs more when he sees the note. I ask him how I can get to the nearest city with a bus, like an actual long-range "get back to America" bus, and he says he knows a guy who knows a guy who might be going that way soon, as in a few days soon. For a few seconds, I panic, because my parents are going to be terrified and I'm so grounded when I get home for, you know, running off to Mexico and getting lost. Then, I realize -- no. I'm on vacation. If Señor Lopez wants to play this game, I'm going to chill here with Miguel and offer to do some chores for his mom and sit on the porch doing absolutely nothing otherwise for at least a week. See how he likes it.

Maybe this whole Spanish class thing paid off.