The dark creature known on Earth as ‘Death’ had not always been here. Being a creature of the dark, his homeland had sent him to rule over the ‘death’ of mortal creatures in other lands. 

Death remembered that day vividly. He had begged the Infernal One, pleading that cleaning shit from the stables was a better fate than ordaining some worthless flesh creature’s erasure. And the Infernal had said, “that’s why your brother gets to clean the kennels.” Death had no choice but to release his consciousness from the Nightmare Land of Aek’atro and descend to his chosen realm, Earth. 

When he arrived, many a lesser god had resided there. Strange flesh-beings of the North, who wished for blood and sacrifice, coupled with stranger creatures of the South who also demanded blood and sacrifice, however in a far more civilized manner. 

Death had immediately set up shop, creating the underworld in his own image and stealing the realms of death from the other gods. He then formed a table to hold the life-glasses of all who were, are, and will be. Next, he went to the civilized Southern gods, and explained the idea of burying important dead fleshbags in large pyramids. There was no actual reason for this, Death just liked pyramids. Following this, he helped the construction of the great triangular tombs. But, somewhere in the desert, another God had been dreamed of. Following was a large war, in which most of the pagan gods were destroyed. Death watched, and waited. He may or may not have collected the souls of the war. 

Soon after, someone appeared in the Underworld, for the first time. He was scared and confused, finding himself in a dark realm of nothingness, with only a singular table covered in hourglasses for as far as the eye could see. “Who are you?” A deep, growling voice asked. “How did you get here?” The man stood up, and looked around. “Let me out!” He shrieked, looking to the sky. “I… can’t. This realm is for the dead, my boy…” Death appeared in a physical form for the first time, a mass of shadows resembling a cloak, with enormous wings and tendrils flowing from the openings in the cloak. He floated a couple of feet above the ground, and was nearly thirty feet in height. No eyes were visible under the robe or the tendrils. The man screamed and attempted to tackle the Eldritch abomination, who merely disappeared. An hourglass was knocked over, and fell under the table. The man bellowed, “I, Lucifer, refuse to be trapped here! Lord, I apologize! Let me out!” Yet, no one could hear his cries. Death watched, confused. These fleshbags were definitely strange. 

Sometime later, as the year changed to 2019, Death noticed something underneath his table, close to the hole which would lead to Át’uul, the realm outside the universe. He quickly swooped it up, and placed it on his desk. It immediately fell on it’s side, not a single sand falling. The hourglass then attempted rolling towards the pit of nothing. Death stopped it, and read the inscription. In a script resembling both Aramaic and Egyptian Hieroglyphics, the inscription read, ‘Visitor’. Had Death any need to vocalize, he may have said ‘hmm’. As it was, he mused to himself as to who this ‘Visitor’ could be. 

“Might I answer your question?” A familiar voice, which sounded an awful lot like Death’s own, asked. Before him was the presence of his brother, which slowly formed a cloaked figure, about ten feet tall, resembling a human with tendrils instead of fingers and portals instead of eyes. He held two knives, forged of astral materials, and one was bloodied. The body of the fleshbag ‘Lucifer’ was strewn behind him. “Took you long enough to notice that hourglass, huh? You didn’t even recognize when your own brother destroyed the other gods? I’m disappointed. That’s alright, though. I’ve figured out how to kill my Kin, and what better way to test it than on you?” The daggers glinted in the dark off of a nonexistent light source. Death took his own physical form, the tendrils within the cloak now blood red, and the realm slowly changed hues to become the red of human blood. Death forced his table away, and expanded the rift to the outer-universe. He summoned a scythe that seemed to be made out of living metals, and his left hand became alight with a fire that was the opposite of light. In fact, all of the light seemed to be sucked out of the Underworld by the flame. 

“I don’t have my own hourglass, brother. And you will not stop these fleshbags from dying. Come, then. May the Outer Gods of the Át’uul have mercy on you,” he raised his scythe, the souls of the dead flying to it as quickly as they could. 

Meanwhile, the world of Earth experiences many strange events, as is natural when Eldritch creatures meet on a mortal’s plane. People all over the world found themselves possessed by fragments of Will, and they took to the streets to battle in the name of their chosen Eldritch god. 

As the fight in the Underworld progressed, the brother of Death decided to up the ante. He began throwing hourglasses of his followers at Death, all of which began to fall sideways, allowing them infinite lifespan. Yet more than one fell into the abyssal rift, which grew in hunger…

__________

Really sorry if this doesn’t fit too well with the original idea, this is my first writing piece here and I realize now that I kinda made it my own without using too much of the source material. Sorry!