I don't remember how I found out about my powers the first time. I don't know how old I was, or how strong I was on that first day. But I can guess exactly what went through my younger self's mind. I must've thought to myself...

*I wonder what I could do with all this power.*

And I don't know if maybe thinking it a second time jogged my memory somehow or... I don't know. I don't! Maybe what made the difference was seeing all the end results laid out in front of me, all the horrible things I already did, all the suffering and the death, and I failed anyway. I met the Lorekeeper in battle and I lost; I never conquered the world, and that man who tried is gone as surely as if he'd been killed.

I don't want to do that again, Sara. I promise you I won't. How much of this did you know before we married? They must have contacted you at some point by now; they must've told you who I was, what I did. But for you to stay with me after that, you couldn't have known everything.

I should tell you. You deserve to know, if you didn't already. I have enough time to leave these papers for you, but I'll be gone by the time you get home. I searched for more details online, and I'm sure it must've raised an alarm for the Lorekeeper. She'll come to confront me again, and I'll let her take me back.

But first, the truth. In my old life I was Hunger. I drew power from eating living creatures. I could use the bodies of anything I consumed as raw material to transmute into... anything, really. I've checked, and it's all still there. Enough that if I just spilled it all out at once, I could squish this city with it. The whole city. Then I could absorb the dead from the ruins, add them to the pile...

I could probably kill the Lorekeeper if I did it. If I tried again, right now. When we met that day, I was growing stronger on an exponential curve, and it was about to go straight up. All it would take is one city rendered down into biomass and I would be invincible.

All it would take.

The fact that I can think that means there's something wrong with me on a deeper level than my powers, Sara. Because the whole time I was doing it, the whole time I was Hunger, I kept telling myself it was worth it. Two or three cities' worth of life was a lesser evil compared to any war I could avert by taking over the world. I told myself the math checked out.

Now I'm looking at it all laid out on our kitchen table. It wasn't worth it. I failed. Every single person I ever killed died for nothing.

No. Maybe not. I can't go back to doing what I did, but I do have my powers back. The biomass I've already collected is still a usable resource. If I surrender to the Lorekeeper when she comes, if I offer to use the power I already have for good. Maybe she might let me do what she does. Taking people alive. I'm strong enough for that already. I don't need to ever kill again to do it.

I need to prepare for this, but I don't have a lot of time and I don't like my chances. If she doesn't like my offer, she'll wipe my memories again and what happens if I find these pictures a second time? I might change my mind again and go back to evil. It would be so easy. 

No, that's not good enough. I need your help, Sara; I'll hide these notes in a place only you would ever find them. So you can remind me of who I was, so you can help me contact her preemptively. I need her name. I might be able to find it before she arrives, and if I leave it here for you...

The Lorekeeper's secret identity. Her face under that helmet, her name, who is she? I'll find it and I'll write it here. Her name is

Sara?no

no no no you can't be