First time writer. Ftp. Mobile so apologies for format. 
Edit: Thank you all so much for the positive comments. I know it was long and there was a ton of misspellings but your support was invigorating. I'll be on the lookout for more prompts that pique my interest! 


I don't know what happened and to this day I wonder if it was some cruel lesson designed to change my views. One moment I was crawling into bed after a late night of work and putting my son to sleep. The next moment I woke up to sun beams blinding my eyes. 

I was surrounded not by the neat suburban division I paid too much to live in but instead by a small group of beehive shaped dwellings. They were large  buildings coated with a shell made of grasses and mud plaster. I felt like I had walked onto a movie set with how rustic everything looked. 

I wandered around for a few minutes before I saw someone. I caught her attention much like I would approach an old friend in a busy coffee shop. Calling out to her and waving I rushed up to her a stream of questions bubbling out. 

"Where am I? What is all of this? Who are you? I'm Phoebe and I think I'm lost. Where is my son? Where are we?"

Her eyes grew wider with each word that passed my lips it wasn't long before she started calling out. It sounded so forgein to my ears. I tried to ask her to slow down even putting my hands up to calm her. This made her start to yell louder. Soon I was surrounded by other people dressed as strangely as she was in what I later found out was REAL animal skins. They pushed in from all sides each voice growing louder as they yelled strange words. The women started pulling at my red dyed hair and the children tugged on my blue cardigan and yellow flower dress I had on from the day before. 

I started swatting left and right, striking the flesh that pulled at me from all directions. A man stepped forward holding his hand up which calmed the throng of people almost immeadiately. I tugged my cardigan close around my body straightening myself up as the man stared me down. I would later come to find out he was the leader of his clan. In that moment all I felt was him looking through me. Seeing the frightened woman that I was. 

Conversing with them was difficult. I had to get by with miming before I picked up their language. They banned me from speaking mine. Although the children loved to hear the words I used to describe their world. They gave me a hut that was in the center of their little village. Part of me hoped it was because they were welcoming me although looking back it was probably because they wanted to keep an eye on me. I tried to stay positive. Most nights I sobbed myself to sleep in the beginning; missing my son and his smile where before I struggled to make it through the day with him. 

The chieftain made sure I learned the ways and the place of women in his tribe. They were the threads that built the village. I cleaned the food, prepared meals for the hunters, turned the bones and skins of the animals into clothes, prepared the land for planting and taught the children once I had a grasp of their language. For years I watched those children grow into fine men and women... but when I looked into the water's reflection... the hot sun had not aged me a day. I worked hard and became close to the tribe I stayed with even giving a tearful goodbye to the chief as he passed on.  

In time the people simply called me Angeni. For them it meant spirit. For me it felt like I was a doll being passed on from one generation to the next. In time as the last chief I helped raised was elected by the matriarchs the boats arrived. 

Whispers started from the tribes in the West and then in the East. As the men traded we found out people who looked different were arriving. Men with straw colored hair, men with hair as dark as ravens feathers who were small in stature. The tribe wondered if they were Angeni like me or if they were bad news. Soon we found our own travelers. 

They were Spaniards. That much was obvious from the copious amounts of Spanish I took in high school. I cautioned the tribe to avoid them for as long as they could and limit their contact. Since I had lived with them for over over 20 years at that point they listened. We only traded with other tribes and all but ignored their settlements. 

Even then it was not enough. I watched the people I had called family eventually wiped out by the Spaniards in their ensuing wars and greed. In time I found my place among them as well. At first it was because of revenge and a sense of duty. The people that had cared for me... took me in and taught me were either killed or assimilated. I followed to care for the children and because finally my english had some use. Some of the Spaniards from the settlement knew my old language. Even though my version was the modern watered down version it was enough to keep the children safe. 

Just like the tribe had banned me from speaking my language the spaniards banned the children from speaking theirs. And just like they gave me the chance to keep it alive through songs and secret games I did the same for them making sure even the toddlers kept their history alive. I watched them grow up and marry. Eventually leaving me alone again. 

In moments like that I truly missed the life I had before. Yoga sessions, easy days at work, porn, hell I even missed rush hour traffic. But most of all I missed my own child. Whatever had happened to me, worse could have been happening to him. He was only four when I woke up in the past. He must have woken up the next day terrified when he couldn't find me. I used to not even be able to use the restroom without him running through the house worrying I had escaped. I think he had known somehow that I didn't want to be there and every day he was worried I wouldn't be. Now I finally was gone and I regretted every second of my past thoughts. I even missed trying to work through his tantrums. 

Years passed. I saw the rise and fall of the Spanish towns. The eventual arrival of the British. Their claim to fame and even the Louisiana purchase. I started to grow careful. Developing a routine over time. I would go to a new town every fifteen years. Due to my height and voice I could pass as a young woman. I would meet a man and marry him then it was a waiting game waiting for them to pass. I would then cash in on their money and move on. My wealth would grow and eventually I managed to get a nice plantation home. Around this time slaves were being brought over from Africa to work the fields. To blend in I did the same, but you would never hear of a slave leaving my plantation. I had a close knit group of people who knew my secret. Many thought I was an otherworldly being. Sometimes it worked in my favor. Other times not so much. 

During this time my plantation was built along the Atchafalaya basin nestled in the swamps where my original tribe was buried. I built a memorial for them and spent many nights there. In time the rumor started that I was sacrificing people. It was a layer of protection for the "slaves" working with me. People would buy the cotton we produced with fear in their eyes. Afraid of the mistress that stood over the fields and practiced black magic under the moon. In my past/present life I had been into special effects makeup. So I would create fake scars with natural latex and pigments. My slaves look like they had been beaten by a cruel woman but nothing was further from the truth. As an added cover I married a man who was secretly gay. I hired his lover as my house butler. Every business move he made was a success, but they were all orchestrated by me.

 