Nobody thought it would actually happen.

Tensions had been rising between North Korea and everyone else ever since they were caught red-handed assassinating exiled dissidents in neutral countries and essentially taking foreign citizens within their borders hostage.  Criticism and attempted negotiation in world fora gradually gave way to condemnation and outright threats from everyone.  Propaganda swayed entire nations towards war with reasoning ranging from preemptive self-defense to spreading of democracy to militant humanitarianism.

The hermit kingdom would be allowed to exist no longer, the world said.  It had been trouble enough.

The North Koreans, ever recalcitrant, lashed back with its own dire threat.  Not one foreign boot would touch their holy soil.  No interference in their interests anywhere would be tolerated.  Fire even one bullet, their diplomats said, and they would unleash nuclear fire upon the world.  None would be spared.  None would be beyond their reach.  All would become ash and the glorious DPRK would remain sole ruler of a radiation-blasted planet.

Those nations within range of North Korean ballistic missiles quieted down grudgingly.  They didn't dare risk calling the bluff and finding out it wasn't one.  But those *outside* of range continued, led by the Americans.  It wasn't long before tensions rose again worldwide, with even the smallest and most vulnerable nations demanding North Korea release its hostages and make reparations.

And then the US President was assassinated.

Vengeance was swift in coming.  The United States and its allies were on a war footing almost instantly.  Stealth UCAVs struck every single missile launch facility on North Korean soil.  Carpet-bombing of Pyongyang was non-stop, grounding everything into dust.  US tanks crosses No Man's Land and decimated the DPRK forces who were completely unprepared for the scale and the fury of the assault.  Paratroopers and elite forces by the battalion jumped out of airplanes and occupied whole swathes of territory, annihilating all opposition without mercy.  Oppressed and emaciated peasants rose up with whatever tools they had and weapons they could recover from fallen soldiers and marched on the DPRK's final redoubt near Mount Paektu.

Within a week of the assassination, the DPRK was no more.

And then the bombs went off.

In every nation.  In every city.

All preceded by one message:  "We warned you".

There was nothing we could do but watch as the Earth was turned into an irradiated hell.  Nothing we could do but wait for our air and food to run out.

And then the human race will be no more.

- Final Entry of the International Space Station Mission Log.  26 December 2018.
