I woke up by this middle-of-buttfuck-nowhere road, with a backpack. Inside was 1000 Mexican pesos. There's a note.

 "Este es el examen final. Buena suerte! - Fernandez"

Fuck. So I pull out my phone. Nothing. No service and I'm on 40% battery. I power it off and check my wallet. I've got my debit card, my credit card multitool, the credit card knife my friend gave me last week. Ya know, that was weird. He said "Hey, you're in Fernandez's class, right?" "Yeah dude, why?" "You'll want this." and handed it to me. I was weirded out for a bit, but thought nothing of it. So, multitool, knife, 1000 pesos, and I'm in Mexico. I start walking.

About a mile down the road I find a truck, with "Policia Federal" on the side.
"Hey!" I shout at them. They raise their MP7s at me and I put my hands up. "Manos llevante!" "No shit, they're up" I yell back. They search me, and their commander comes up. "What are you doing out here?" "Uh... so I think my Spanish teacher dumped me here with 1000 pesos and is leaving me as a final exam" "Que?" "Mi... maestro de espanol... left me with 1000 pesos... es mi examen final." "Si. Pasaporte?" "No hablo mucho espanol, usted habla ingles?" and someone walks out, wearing stars on his uniform. "Yes, I speak English.

"Thank god, I just used up the last of my Spanish. Can you help me get back to the U.S.?"

"Si, I can. Hop in the back, this is not a good part of Mexico."

I jump in the back of the truck, and the Federales surround me, and we drive, until we stop in a town. I hop out, and find a street vendor selling Coke. I buy 5 bottles and 3 2 liters, and stick them in my backpack. We keep rolling until we reach a U.S. border. I run to the Customs people, and one of the officers asks me "So, what happened to you?"

"Spanish teacher... dropped me in Mexico... 1000 pesos and a backpack"

"Hold it. You got ID?"

I hand him my license, and he scans it into his computer

"So, Jeremy, we'll let you in, but don't get ditched in Mexico again. Not all Federales are this kind."

And with that, I left the Nogales border facility and started my way back to Texas.