The blow rang my helmet like a drum, and I collapsed to my knees. Sparks flew into my eyes, scalded my face, singed my eyebrows. All was black, even darker than the night was. I didn't feel dead, just blind. It was just so goddamned dark. I reached back towards the buckles of my helmet.

------
"It's quite simple really. You enlist, do your 2 years, and you're done. No jail time. No fines. Nothing even on your record. And all this... goes away." He punctuated his last line with a slow sweep of his arm across the various documents in front of him, like a street magician preparing the audience for the illusion.  
  

"So, I just expect, after all you've said, after all I've told the public, that if I do this, two years, I'm done. No surprise visits? No banning me from the V-net? No retirement plan delivered by 12mm to the back of my head?"

"Correct.”

I blinked lazily. Billions of years of life on this planet, thousands of years of humans, and centuries spent wondering if we were really the only ones out here. So of course, the moment the 'Aliens' finally came down out of the sky to say hello, we spent the war stockpiles of the last dozen years knocking them out of the sky.

"Kay."

My terse response sparked something in him and that scowl deepened. "Look, shitbag, I don't give a damn about you as a person. But what you did? Set us back MONTHS in a war every goddamned person on the planet needs to be 100% supporting. We are outnumbered. We are outgunned. And every day our fighting forces are below strength, we lose ground. We lose lives. We lose goddamned *civilians* to this, all because you and a few other fucking *idiots* think *we* fired the first shot on this." 

His voice barely concealed his rage as he continued. I restrained a smirk. Fucking tool.

"This is our last chance. They didn't come down here to shake hands. They didn't come here to share fucking *cake recipes*. They came down here to colonize the shit out of us, and every time one of you fucking *NonComs* puts up a tri-vid on the V-Net about how militaristic we are or how this is all 'our' fault? One more town decides that fighting isn't such a bad idea and we fucking LOSE LIVES. Do you understand?"

I shrugged. I was looking at something like 50+ years in a supramax for being an active 'NonCom'. Well, I always said I was at the very least a 'rebel', if not a 'knowledgable dissenter'. But no, the party line meant I was a 'Non Compliant', and set me straight in 'traitor to the human race' territory. 

50 years. Each tri-vid I slapped up on Vee was a unique and separate strike against me, multiplied by the amount of views, downloads, and re-shares (if the original was deleted, of course). 50 years in a supramax was basically a death sentence at this point... a 6x6 cell with a special V-net linkup purportedly designed to either brainwash you into a convert, or force your body to just give up and die on its own. 50 years.

"So, your decision?"

I licked my lips and cleared my throat. "So basically full citizen, just part of the Army, right? No other strings attached?" 

"Well, you won't have a choice as to your assignment, but yes."

I thought to myself again for a moment. 50 years, vs finding a way to show the real world what was actually happening from ground level. I could find a back-door into the Vee, upload like usual, and actually do some real damage to these bastards and their pro-war, anti-alien bullshit. 

"... I'm in."

-------------

My hands froze at the buckles. Every bit of training I had screamed in my mind at the dangers of removing my helmet while knee deep in the shit. Acrid, stinging smoke bit at my eyes and burned my throat. I felt heat around me, through the thick material and plating of my gardener's suit. Was I on fire? 

I fumbled for the first buckle and popped it free.

-----------

I sat in the adult version of a kid's classroom, blackboards, whiteboards, and Veeboards on every available inch of wallspace. Myself and 29 of my fellow gardeners sat jammed into desks that were either too small, or had chairs that were too big. Dr. Ballard stood at the front of the class, his laser pointer flitting around the room as he gesticulated wildly. God, I hate these classes.

"This? This is what the news doesn't tell you. These guys are here to conquer and terraform. They're here to replace us. If we don't fight, we won't survive." 

A new tri-vid flicked onto the main board. Main Street, Anywhere, USA. I could tell because most of the signs were in English and Spanish, and thought I picked out a Tim Horton's on the corner. The tri-vid panned and zoomed as the doc continued, centering on a strange growth covering most of a side street.

"What you see here, ladies and gentlemen, is what we're fighting against. The aliens themselves? You'll likely never see them once. This?  This is what's killing us."

He zoomed in further until we saw that most of the ground was covered in a greenish-gray carpet of what looked like grass. I mean, if each blade of grass was doing its own DX-Rhumba, you know? The weird shaky-shimmy booty dance from a few years back? In some places, the carpet had mounded up on itself, and sprouted flowers. Well, flowers that all looked sickly and gray and... well... Alien I guess.

"Each time they take down one of our cities or towns, this is what they leave behind. These growths are part of their terraforming. These organisms are part of a complex, multi-pronged attack on the stability of each region. Each type of organism works together at specific jobs. This allows them the capability to not only convert the air to something deadly to humans, but to spread like wildfire until the entire area is theirs. This is what we are fighting against."

The tri-vid played forward, and showed the entire town slowly being covered or consumed by these.... plants. People choking on their knees, collapsing, and sprouting that green-gray fuzz look which meant they'd become their own little flower factory. Flowers and vines hanging thickly from one of those libraries they converted into a MediaHaus a few years back. Clumps of ferns thrusted themselves out the stained glass windows of an old church. And finally, a little girl, maybe about six. Blonde hair, the bluest eyes you've ever seen. No life behind em, and the damned camera of course zoomed right the hell in on her face as that damned fuzz covered her dead body. I was sick. I heard someone in the class crying. I'm pretty sure it wasn't me.

-----

Smoke continued to fill my mask. Or was it the spores? Was I already being converted into some goddamned alien fart factory? I need to exfil. Now. And to do it, I need to fucking see. I grabbed again at the back of my mask, fingers dumb from the damned thick gloves I wear. I found the second catch, and released it. 

---------------


#Continued below because this was longer than I thought
