"Mother, Father, look! I've captured my first royal!"

Iorskan, glittering green and barely the size of a horse, excitedly herded his disgruntled prey into the family cave. He bounded around the human and wagged his tail like a sheepdog, looking up at his parents for approval.

Iorskan's parents, who were the size of large cottages, looked at each other and stifled laughter.

"Well done, son," his Father said, coughing up a large fireball in an effort to hide a giggle. "But that's a human *male*, you've got there, see?" 

~

"I don't know what we're going to do with him," Iorskan's Mother sighed. "He just doesn't understand!"

Iorskan, no longer a youngling, still insisted on capturing princes. No matter how many times Mother and Father had tried to explain to him that that wasn't the way things were done, he refused to listen.

"You see, son," Father would say. "When we capture a princess, the king will give us a large amount of gold in exchange for her return."

"Yes, Father."

"Princesses do not carry swords, and thus do not pose a threat to us."

"Yes, Father."

"Princes, on the other claw, *do*, which means that they will stab you in the belly and run off home, and then what will you ransom for gold? Nothing! 

You'll have a hard time finding a lady dragon without any gold, Iorskan."

"Yes, Father."

As soon as Father left, Iorskan angrily shook out his wings and took to the skies. He didn't want to ransom princesses and sit atop a useless pile of coins! He wanted to fly, to breathe fire and fight; and at least princes were allowed to put up a fight.

Iorskan wondered if Prince Rychard was out riding today.

~

"And they won't *listen!*" Iorskan roared, as he knocked Rychard's sword out of his hands for the dozenth time.

"They think we're *stupid!*" Rychard cried, as he blocked a blast of dragonsfire with an arcane shield.

"I HATE *EVERYTHING!*" they screamed in unison, charging at each other with steel and claws.

It was an odd friendship the two of them had.

~

When they had exhausted themselves, Iorskan curled himself into a ball and Rychard climbed into his lap.

"I don't want to marry some random princess," Rychard muttered, wiping soot off his face. "They can't make me. I'll run away."

"Where would you go?" Iorskan asked.

"I'd disguise myself as a peasant, and become a farmer. I like sheep."

"Maybe I could go with you. I could disguise myself as a sheep."

Rychard laughed, and Iorskan felt a warm glow in his chest, like dragonsfire was burning him up from the inside.

It was too easy to picture a life with Rychard, far away from caves and castles and coins. A small farm, with mutton to eat and soft wool to sleep on, and just room enough for two.

Maybe some day.