A bit late to the party, but here goes:

—

Arkonnan stood beside the modified loader exoskeleton, cleaning and inspecting the jerry-rigged firearms, finally getting the answer to a question that plagued him for months. Why would a simple research base have a need for elite soldiers? Ever since landing just east of mountain range the Terran people named ‘Chugach’, there was always a fear of being discovered. However, the remote location meant finding, much less reaching, the base camp meant that many scientific endeavors had gone unhindered for the past two seasons.

Being a docile species, the rat-cat Vulonans felt that any contact would be diplomatic, possibly even welcomed, by the Terrans. What weapons they had were designed for use against the local wildlife, and never fired in anger. Using heated gas to launch metal slugs towards a foe wasn’t even considered until a scientist had an unfortunate encounter with a heavy, fur-covered creature with thick hide, which spring-bolts could not penetrate.

Those weapons would be put to the test. A small squadron of Terran soldiers were approaching the position. According to Commander Imnia’s briefing, radio scans indicated five heavy transports, five light transports, and 50 ground troops. The Elite Guard’s orders were to meet them in the forested areas around the glacier and fire initial warning shots, fully engaging if necessary.

Six cargo loaders, each with space-rated metal armor plating and the new ‘rocket-bolts’, along with a small squad of 20 soldiers with these new weapons, stood at the ready. Arkonnan boarded the loader, putting on and adjusting the coms headset.

“Loader group, report in” Arkonnan ordered.

A number of voices peppered into his headset. 

“What are your orders, captain? Any idea what we’re up against?” asked the feminine voice of Astrenn.

“Take aim at our targets; fire one volley short; reload. If they return fire, you have permission to engage.” Arkonnan replied. “It sounds like their force is 50 strong, plus some transports.” 

“Something about those transports is bothering me.” replied Rim, another soldier. “I feel like this is going to go horribly wrong.” 

Astrenn laughed. “I’ve never seen a species hold their ground against a volley of spring-bolts! Rocket-bolts should be plenty to dissuade them.”

“I understand your concern, Rim, but now isn’t the time.” Arkonnan said. “We need to drive them off, or at least hold them off so we can evacuate.”

The sound of trees crashing down broke the conversation. All of the Vulonan soldiers took aim at the tree line. More trees came crashing down as two Abrams tanks burst through the brush, followed by 20 soldiers. A thunderous crack was heard in the valley as the entire Vulonan squadron fired. Time seemed to stand still as they reloaded their weapons.

The ferocious report of automatic weapon fire was nearly drowned out by the feral cries of agony from the intended targets.

Arkonnan began moving the loader to cover to recover from shock. Never in his eight years of interstellar exploration had he seen a species so violent. The thought of a history of bloodshed made him sick to his stomach. Arkonnan pushed those thoughts aside; now was a time of action. 

“Who’s still alive out there?!”

“Two loaders down. Half of the guard is dead, a third is wounded.” Astrenn replied mechanically. “what is wrong with this species?!” 

“Take evasive action. Hold them as long as we can!” Arkonnan ordered.

With that, he brought his twin arm-launchers up and shot at a few of the Terran ground troops. They fell, but that drew fire from the rest of the enemy squad. Fortunately, the armor plating held, preventing any serious injury to Arkonnan.

The tanks took aim at Astrenn’s loader. She fired back with her two shots, which bounced off the thick armor. A thunderous explosion hammered into Arkonnan’s ears as the tanks fired. The first shell missed, the second ripped off the left arm of Astrenn’s loader. The exoskeleton toppled backwards, landing in a heap of semi-functional scrap metal. 

The rain of metal slugs stopped. Arkonnan pulled open the restraint bar of the loader, dropped to the ground, and raised his hands in the air. All other soldiers still able did likewise. The Terran infantry surrounded the surrendered Volonans, while medics followed and tended to those who were still alive. Arkonnan sat down by a fallen log, and buried his head in his hands. The stress was too much, and he blacked out.