The ancient leather tome crackled as Reeza opened the book, going to the page she’d bookmarked last night. It talked about the ritual, she’d make an offering, and the demon would perform one task. 

She furrowed a brow as she toyed with a lock of her pinkish-blonde hair. It had lost a lot of dye over the last few weeks, but it really didn’t matter anymore. Did it? She’d gathered all the necessary ingredients together, the spell was ready. 

The incantation wasn’t very hard, she’d spent many afternoons at the library learning the way to pronounce the latin bits. Of course, the phrasing didn’t matter much. The secret of magic, was you had to believe the words meant what you needed them to be. Finally the summoning circle, that was the really hard part. 

Explaining what her craft project was to her foster family wasn’t exactly difficult. Just gathering the amount of copper needed to make the circle was the tricky part. Most of it, was scavenged through construction sites, or just copper plated, that was enough, right?

As she began the incantation, the words flowed through her with a strange amount of electricity. Her body felt tingly! That had to be a good sign…

The last bit of the spell required a blood offering, her blood. She whimpered a little as the blade pricked her finger. A red droplet blobbed onto the copper circle, there was a strange flash of light that knocked Reeza back from the circle. A greasy black smoke permeated the room as she tried to clear her vision. The circle was empty, the spell didn’t work. 

Sighing, the pink haired girl slumped against her bed. She did everything right? Didn’t she? Maybe not, she never really did much right. She was always too loud, too in the way, too excited, none of the other kids really liked her. Maybe they’re right, and she was just a little too, well...Reeza.

A gravelly voice echoed out by her bed, “Copper plated? Sloppy kid, most demons would just burn you to cinders for such a stupid move.” Reeza nearly shrieked in terror as she looked towards her bed. The demon sat on her bed, looking almost amused as she backed away. “Really? You made a bargaining spell, offered your soul up for one favor and you are shocked something took you up on it? I blame that stupid show with the idiots in the car, and killing some schlocked up flavour of the week bad guy.” He sighed, a puff of sulphur hung in the air as he waited for the child to calm down.  He raised his eyebrows in amusement, waving a blue clawed hand. “Hi, what do you need doing, sacrificed, killed, you know the rest.”

Reeza slowly got to her feet, she could barely keep her hands from trembling as she picked up her dungeons and dragons books. She carefully put them beside her bed, looking towards the demon. 

“I...I would like to play a game.” She stammered, trying to find her footing. 

The demon looked confused, “Kid..”

“Reeza.” 

The demon coughed, and corrected himself, “Reeza, you want to trade your soul. For a game of Dungeons and Dragons.” The young girl nodded. 

“Yes, I want to play the game. I want to be the hero, just once.” The demon scratched his head, one sharp claw creating sparks as he tried to understand her. 

“This is a stupid exchange,” Reeza fumbled with the hem of her shirt for a moment before muttering, a little less bravely. 

“I’m the strange girl at school, and it’s hard making friends when I may be moved to another foster home if this one gets tired of putting up with me. I try really hard to be, well, behaved. Just...kinda get too excited, and wanted to just do something that I wanted, instead of what the adoption home, or the foster home, they always wanted normal, well-behaved...I kinda suck at that…” She continued rambling on, the demon raised a hand as she began sniffling. 

“Hey, come on kid, I like grovelling, screaming bloody murder, but crying...yeesh,” He rubbed the back of his neck as he picked up the books. “I accept your offer, you will be the hero of the story…” He grumbled as he tried to fit himself on one of the tiny wooden chairs, and after falling to the floor, he decided carpet was much softer anyways. 

Reeza quickly took the chair opposite of him, she drew out her character sheet and a big bag of dice. She organized them into two piles, one for the demon, the other for herself, of course her dice were bright pink and sparkly. The demon noticed a very distinct theme with her. 

As the demon looked at the child, he puffed another cloud of sulphur. “You know this is a game that needs more players, right?” 

Reeza froze, her eyes widening as she realized that wasn’t something she’d thought out. “No, I’m sorry…” She began to stammer again, the demon debated smiting himself before getting an idea. 

“Calm down kid, I think I can do something about that…” 

A spell later, three additional players sat around Reeza’s table. One was a lizard, another looked like a giant ferret, and a woman with horns and wings who looked quite annoyed. She was about to open her mouth, but decided against it. She instead muttered under her breath. 

“...you owe me, I don’t care how many times you bested the horgath beast in battle…”

The horned demon sat at the end of the table, he had read though Reeza’s tale. The kid was a decent writer, and a few little twists of the world she’d made...it could be a fun game. Of course a little black magic to bring her world to life…

“Allright, this is the final tale of the Sorceress Pinkflame…” He looked at the name again, “really, Pinkflame?” He sighed at the succubi began chortling. 

“Hey! That’s a cool name!”
