Her hands carved curves into the pottery; the delicate, thin frame of her eyes looking down at these sculptures with the cradling love that reminds me of home, forever ago. A weak smile hung on her lips, the kind I remember from those trailing ends of her forgotten lullabies. The white strands of her hair loped her shoulders, so brilliant and bright in the morning light that I didn’t know where she and the sun delineated. She was energy, forever tied to that small, suburban pottery store I lived my childhood in. Lemon and grass wafted through the air.

"Mom," I said. She didn’t hear me. She lost herself in the cycling whirlpool of the pottery wheel. “Mom,” I said again, quietly, to no response. My mother just sat there, basking in the morning light slicing through the Venetian blinds of her pottery store. She looked pristine and peaceful, beautiful in a way that exceeded physical form.  I reached out to touch her and, suddenly, red, raging text monopolized my vision:

WARNING: FIVE MINUTES ARE UP. PLEASE INSERT MORE CREDIT.

Everything evaporated. The brilliant morning light shifted to a dingy evening glow that revealed the floating dust that now inhabited this relic of a childhood home. The polished pottery lining the racks around me became cracked and ugly – I couldn’t sense the beauty and poetry in them anymore, if they had any of their own in the first place. Worst of all, my mother was gone, and I was cold.

“Fuck,” I said out-loud, putting on a jacket from the corner coat rack. I detested our disease of a capitalist nightmare society. "Fuck," I said again, simply to comfort myself.

\*\*\*

Weeks before I revisited the store, and years after my mother’s death, I received a letter from a stranger who said he knew Abigail Foster. *She told me to tell you she loved you very much, and that she left a gift for you in the basement of the pottery store.* A copper key laid in the envelope, the very same one she kept in her purse. The only time she ever raised a hand against me was when I tried to steal it. I would have thrown the letter and key away because...well, why trust strange letters slid under your door under the cover of night? But, as always, my curiosity superseded my rationality.

The floorboards creaked as I moved down them. The air smelled rank and musty, the memory of my mom’s perfume from the holo-pic now merely a faint, fading thought. My vision, even enhanced by optics, was shrouded in black as I descended down the steps, hoping to god that – even in their age – they wouldn’t give and send me tumbling into a broken bone darkness. That would be my luck, wouldn't it? Dead in a creepy basement with my mother's wishes left unfulfilled, only a thin apology on my lips when I saw her across the golden bars of the Pearly Gates. Thankfully, I reached the bottom steps and flipped on a switch I found affixed to a limestone wall.

Pale, yellow light weakly flooded the room, which consisted of worn but well-kept pottery lining the walls. Some of it was priceless, beautiful beyond description. Song Dynasty porcelain bowls. Mayan clay-and-temper vases. Roman *terra sigillata* depicting the triumph of Zeus over Kronos. Others were...less impressive. I saw my middle-school art project sandwiched between two Greek relics, a shoddy failure of a thing, yet my mother's eyes glowed when my small hands held it toward her. Love is blind, I guess. Beyond the walls, in the center of the room, was an intricately crafted clay mallet on a pedestal and a note, neatly scrawled in my mother’s handwriting.

*Son, I instructed a...friend...to send you down here when he thought you were ready. I am sorry to have lied to you all these years, but I did it to protect you. Touch the mallet to one of these pots in the room. You’ll understand then.*

I was confused. No, confused was an understatement. I knew my mother had her secrets, but I always thought that referred to her recipe for Chocolate Chip Cookies. What was this room? What was this hammer? Questions raced without answers; there was only one way I was going to figure anything out.

I picked up the clay hammer slowly, feeling the clay's bumps and ridges that someone with watchmaker hands must've carefully carved into this artifact. It felt unnaturally light and fragile in my hands. I touched the *terra sigillata* and -

*Woe is Caesar. With my eyes I verily behold his broken and bloody body dragged through the streets of Rome, and my heart is sorrowful. Truth be told: he was a conqueror of much talent, yet a ruler with none. Be that as it may, only the Gods have the power of judgement. I am strongly of the opinion Humans should have no business in destruction of another.  This sentiment, of course, is not much appreciated by my fellow constituents. I am Quirinus, the Keeper of Rome, and I have captured a tale that* *turns history: the Death of Caeser. His soul lies trapped within clay.*

I reeled back, nearly knocking over the pedestal behind me. What the fuck was that? I felt a surge of energy, a rush of power, and then a loss of control. I wasn't Matthew Foster. I was someone old, someone feeble, in an era that felt alien and unnatural, and although I could understand what I was thinking and saying, my lips curled around vowels I'm sure I can't pronounce. I *saw* Caesar. I saw a *dead* Caesar. Of course I spent the better part of the next hour touching mallet to clay like a looney cartoon character.

I became an Iroquois woman who cataloged the burning of her village in a clay ceramic doe.

I became a woman from Zaire watching Belgium soldiers drag her husband off into the mines. She captured him in a bowl too small for food.

I became so many people, some famous, some not, watching events in history unfold, and soon, I began to understand one, principle fact about my life: there’s no way in hell my mom was just an austere middle-class, single mother who ran a pottery shop. She was something more, something strange, something powerful. Each piece of pottery held a story, and I consumed the narratives with bestial desire. I ravished the history I saw through the eyes of the "Keepers." After watching German soldiers drag Jews from their homes during WW2 and a Chinese man smoke an opium pipe in 1838,  I finally reached the out of place, quizzical looking black and blue clay cup I gave my mom years ago.  I touched the mallet, but, before I did so, an uncanny chill traveled down my spine, prickling my skin. Something didn't feel right.

*My name is Abigail Foster. I’m the Keeper of the American Empire and mother of my son Matthew. I did not create this piece -- I know that's against Order tradition -- but the boy who did has powers that exceed my own. He is an event to surpass the fall of Rome, the death of Shakespeare, the birth of Genghis Khan. He’s what we’ve been waiting for all this time, the turning point of everything. The man who will destroy Humanity.*


edit: I woke up to a lot of comments. Thanks everyone for the compliments and the fixes. I will, in the future, try to add to this story. 