The rain started coming down in sheets again, beating the windshield of our Fiat Durango as it piloted itself into the Walmart parking lot.  Gavin, my partner, checked his Taser in the right front seat while my right fingers tapped the empty air where I saw my veekay/VK/virtual keyboard.  The intel came up in my vision, put there by the electronics my parents had seen fit to plant in my head, just as it had shown me a Craigslist ad two years ago for an interesting-sounding job when my parents couldn't support a jobless young adult daughter anymore.

"You sure he's gonna be here, 'Kenna?" Gavin asked dimly.  He was a little new to this, and the boss had stuck me with him to take advantage of both my patience, and the fact that I was the only EA (enforcement agent) in the company with tits. I wasn't in a position to complain.

"I'm looking at the mom's OnStar now."  That was the intel on my VF (virtual field).  "They're two minutes out."  The Durango found a parking spot near the back of the lot, and after stopping rose up from its low driving stance to stand tall for ease of ingress/egress.   The quiet electric motors shut down, leaving the sound of the rain hitting the car and the high-pitched Brownian motion in the air the only sounds I heard.  I double-tapped a key on my veekay, dialing down the sensitivity of my enhanced hearing.

The partly-redacted OnStar info, granted to No Sanctuary Investigations by a warrant applicable to private sector entities such as NSI, indicated that the Jones' light had turned green and they were about to pull into the lot.  The rain had slowed in the last minute, and I opened my door into the light drizzle, Gavin following my lead.  The air was warm as usual, and my jacket was in the trunk.  My tank top would be a little distracting to our quarry; his mother, probably not so much.

A crosshair appeared on the little Chevy Spark as it drove down the next aisle, toward a spot closer to the building.  As Gavin and I approached at a brisk walk, I gave a quick pat to my own Taser in its holster.  The Spark didn't rise like our Durango did; features like that cost money.  As we approached, the mother and thirteen year old boy noticed us and tensed slightly.  I could almost read their thoughts: *Are they cops?  They don't look like they're going to rob us...*

“Ms. Jones, I'm Mckenna Gilman, No Sanctuary Investigations.”  I held up my empty hand, showing her my credentials in her own augmented vision.  “This is my partner, Gavin Johnson.”  I turned to the boy.  “Palmer Jones, formerly known as Steven Willman: We have a warrant for your arrest, signed by the Honorable Judge Tipton for burglary and larceny.”

The face of the parent at this moment was always heartbreaking, and as always I maintained my stone cold game face.  “My baby...  Nonono, there must be a mistake...”  But the look on Palmer/Steven's face said that this was no mistake: He'd gotten his memory back during puberty, like they all did.  He'd remembered sometime in the last year or two what he'd done, who he'd been in his previous life, and he knew the game was up.

“Mom, I'm sorry...  It came to me right after Spring Break last year.  I remembered what I did.  I...  I'm sorry.”

Gavin approached him.  “Put your hands behind your back, palms together...”  The cuffs clicked on, tightened and locked automatically.

“Noo.... AUGH-HUGH-UHHHHH...”  Tanita Jones fell to her knees in the parking lot, wailing uncontrollably.  We ignored her as we walked her son/not her son back to our car.  This grab was going smoothly, and we weren't going to tempt fate; if that made me a heartless cunt, so be it.  I compartmentalized my guilt for later, as always.

Our prisoner went into the back seat, Gavin and I got in the front and the Durango lowered itself before pulling out silently on its electric engines.  Johnson/Willman looked out the window at the shattered woman as we left, still kneeling on the pavement.  “She's a lot better than my last mother.  She doesn't deserve this.”

“You knew you'd be doing this to somebody when you ate a bullet fourteen years ago.”  I said, as our car waited to turn right onto the rain-soaked highway.

“At the time no, not really.”  The handcuffed kid-who-wasn't said.  “Reincarnation was only proven twenty years ago.  I was a few years into this life before anyone got the idea to start tracking down people like me, skip tracing into another person.  It wasn't known then that we'd remember our past life come puberty, if we punch out knowing we'll be reborn.”

I nodded, looking in the rear view mirror.  “Well, how about when you stole the food from the store?  You weren't thinking about what it might do to your loved ones?”

He shrugged in his cuffs as the car accelerated.  “I was thinking of feeding them.  All the work licenses were taken.”

I shrugged too, turning my attention back to my VF and the NFL preseason schedule.  I don't agree with the Social Labor Administration's licensing laws, either.  I don't like arresting people's kids to be sent to hazardous, high-G gas mining in Saturn's atmosphere for their past-life crimes, but it is what it is.  It's our system, and it's all that we've got.