They decided to call it The Tragedy of the Uncommon...

Nobody managed to figure out how or why but one day, amazing things started happening all over the world like something out of a branded anime.

Most believe that toys coming to life would be a dream come true and for a few days it was... for them.At the time of the change I was sitting at my desk in my room, surfing the internet in my room adorned with collectibles, when the stories started appearing, convention centers and comic book shops all over the world became battlegrounds, people flocked to toy-stores to try and find some kind of power to keep themselves safe.I watched my screen in horror, newscasts informing the public of the death-toll now reaching the thousands with more to come, the prime offenders being light-sabers and stuffed legendary Pokémon, having grown to their natural sizes, wreaking havoc in cities...My thoughts turned to my family, my friends, my girlfriend and her family, how were they handling the crisis? her brothers were massive nerds and would likely hold their own and protect her but I couldn't be sure of anything anymore.I couldn't move, only watch, as the screen in front of me showed ever more horrific images and I began to cry, most wouldn't think ahead but this could only lead to disaster, more and more death, people using the power of fiction to further their own selfish desires, to enact their fantasies and leave their lives behind, shedding more and more blood in the pro-A small, nubby hand touched my forefinger, a small, blue, bearded figurine on my desk looked up at me, giving me a comforting smile  
"Mayor... Sayso?"   
"That's me" He replied, I reeled back in shock as I saw... all of the Funkeys I had were wandering around on my desk "What's happening now is a disaster, but there's nothing that can't  be fixed, I of all people know that"   
It was true, when I was younger and playing U.B Funkeys, Mayor Sayso wouldn't work on the hub anymore and I was devastated, I eventually found out it was because his data had been corrupted in the game from my using mods but I patched it to continue functioning with the mods and he quickly worked as he once had.  
I wiped away my tears, confident in what I must do, I stood from my chair and walked to my closet, an assortment of boxes stacked inside, I pulled one out, hoping beyond hope that it would work.Nobody was going to fix this the way I could, certainly no politician or government would be able to contain this crisis, only someone with absolute authority would be able to do something like that.

The world was broken, it was irreparable and there was nothing to be done about that but maybe with time and change it could become something else, something to accommodate the new and live on just as we had remembered, perhaps better.  
These thoughts encircled my mind as I tore through the box and plunged my hand inside, my eyes widened as I felt the cool metal wrap around my hand and a multicolored glow burst forth from the box's opening.  
I hoisted my hand above my head, now wielding what would be the instrument of my ideals that would help me to create a new world order, I couldn't help but to say these words as I left my house...

"Well, guess I'll do it myself"