When did this all get started? It's hard to tell exactly for me, and impossible for anyone outside of my perspective. If I had to guess, I'd say it was in elementary school when we buried that time capsule.

I ask the tourist-of-time if she wants to know more. Eagerly, she expresses interest and I sat in silence a moment. Should I really tell her? Part of this mystery is the reason for my fame. But the visits have become tiring and nothing has been productive, so I begin.

The first time traveler I remember was when I was just 3 years old. They would come and ask questions when my parents were asleep. No adult ever believed me nor could catch the travelers. But these were not the future's first visitors, only the first from my perspective.

Why did they come? They asked questions of the future and had me predict world events. I was seldom wrong, but if they already knew the future then why bother with me? They also told me when I was right or wrong about the future.

The time capsule. I buried one telling of future conflict and terrorist attacks when I was in elementary school.

This is when the first, from the future's perspective, time traveler came to visit. He was from some military operation of the future and wanted to know how I was able to predict such events. I lied and said I was guessing. Years after the future declassified his mission: tourists started coming from the distant future. Everyone thinks I am the only clairvoyant human to ever have existed, perhaps making it possible to change the future.

"Now your mission through time is to stop this loop from ever occurring. Save my life from uselessness and possibly even save the future. Go back and tell the future everything you know so I can live in peace."



After she left there was a knock on the door. I opened it and there were a group of strangely clothed individuals staring at me in wonder. They said, "We've come to see the only human to ever create a time loop through deception. Only you can help the future".

It appears I will be getting even more visitors now.