"You will thank to me for the musket. Trust me." Said the God of Nothing, Coroledus.

"It is a fucking Musket! How can i fight all the superpowered champions with that?!" Said his champion, Michal Golly.

"Damn it Mich. Just trust me. You will win it."

As the God said that, he disappeared and Michal with his stupid musket appeared at the Arena of Legends. Announcer announced that battle would start in 20 minutes. Thankfully Michal knew how to operate rifles in general and figured his musket wasnt hard to use. Then he saw some of the details on the musket. It was not an ordinary musket. It was Coroledus' most prized artifact before he fell from power and became God of Nothing. Michal heard stories of how powerful he was once upon a time.

Then Michal thought he would heard a growl. Suddenly realised the weapon had a will of its own and most importantly. It was hungry... As he took the weapon in his hands, his hands cracked and wounds opened up. Presumably his blood feeding the weapon. Suddenly a lightning came down to Arena and weapon growled once again in his head. Suddenly the weapon turned blood-red and Michal would feel as if weapon's weight decreased. A berserker approached at him to decapitate his head however Michal unconciously aimed at berserker and a red bolt appeared from his twisted Musket, feeding its hunger as it killed berserker, drawing blood from the berserker...

It turned out that the musket was in fact, legendary. Contained former power of the God, it could enhance its user's abilities and make an ordinary man a crack shot. Capable of penetrating magic and armor alike, requiring no ammo other than blood of victims or user, even turn into a singularity-throwing cannon of death, the weapon was more than capable of ensuring it's champion's victory.

Michal discovered it's abilities one by one during the battle, downing other champions with red bolts of blood and when it came to last champion, suddenly he heard a roar in his head, additional 15 barrels appeared at the front of the gun suddenly and spun up. Ready to barrage the last champion with ultimate vengeance and lust, Michal obeyed the calling of bloodlust in his head and pulled the trigger. Suddenly 16 barrels fired with extreme prejudice and pierced the Champion of Underworld's head as the champion tried to raise fallen champions as his thralls.

As the weapon was satisfied, suddenly it healed Michal's wounds and Throne of the Eighteen revealed itself before Michal, all thanks to Coroledus' Fury Musket.