The Devil had a near infinite capacity for patience. That was a different thing from saying that the Devil never got testy or annoyed from having to bide his time – the Devil understood that there were things worth waiting for, like the gradual corruption of the most pious men and women, or the inevitable collapse of Heaven. Mostly, though, no one liked to keep the Devil waiting, and so things had a tendency to work themselves out neatly.

Penelope Milsson, though, was really pushing the envelope here.

“You do know that when I summon you, I *expect* you to come to my office *immediately*?” 

“But I did, Boss,” said Penelope, as she furrowed her brow in recollection. “I heard the bleating of the goat-horns over the PA, so I dropped all that I was doing, and then I rushed along to meet-”

“And you do know that I can *see* you throughout Hell, right?” said the Devil, a mercurial hint of exasperation in his voice. “I was looking at you at this screen right here the whole time! You took your own sweet time to log off your terminal, then you stopped by the canteen for a pudding, *then* you popped by HR *before* you came here! Do you also have explanations for those?”

The Devil had to give Penelope credit – she barely missed a beat. “Oh Boss, you know the promise I made to you when I first came to Hell? When you offered me this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity? I told you I would always make the job my first priority, and I meant every word of it! You couldn’t have expected me to believe that you were actually instructing me to *defy* you, yes? That wouldn’t have made any sense at all, wouldn’t you agree?”

Penelope’s smile was beatific, so much so that the Devil wanted to sink his claws right into her insufferable expression. But she was right. It was poor form to punish her for his… oversight. Besides, beating up on Hell’s Star Employee of the Year was just poor optics no matter how the Devil looked at it.

“We will discuss again the manner in which you manage your priorities,” said the Devil. “For now, there’s something a bit more urgent at hand. What’s this I hear about the plummeting morale in the Hellish Fiend and Craven Demon departments?”

“Morale is plummeting?” said Penelope, her mouth agape and a hand on her chest for emphasis. “In those departments? Surely that cannot be? They are the cream of the crop, yes?”

“They are blaming *you*, in fact. They have specifically named one Miss Penelope Milsson, 35 years of age at the time of passing, for – let me quote them directly – *‘destroyeth the naturale orders of the Underworld with unnaturale and cruele and unusuale means of punishment for the piggies known as Humans’*.” The Devil paused here, then fixed a gleaming red eye on Penelope. “You have anything to say about that?”

“Well, it is a bit rich, ain’t it,” said Penelope. “I mean, they are the ones with the whips and the fangs and the claws and they are accusing *me* of being sadistic?”

The Devil sighed. He felt the tiny drumming of an incipient migraine start up in the frontal lobes of his brain. “I told you time and again, yes? Just do what all your predecessors have done. Just… beat the humans. Boil them. Flay them. Don’t rock the boat, just stick to the script. How hard can that be? Is that too much to ask?”

Penelope crossed her arms, and a mutinous glint entered her eyes. “Have I ever let you down, Boss? Have my numbers ever proven my methods wrong?”

“The numbers are good, it’s just that-”

“And did you not clap me on the back, right on stage and in front of your infernal hordes, when you gave me the Trident for Employee of the Year? Did you not point out how I was a sterling example of what all creatures should strive to be? Did you not wax lyrical over the bleedin’ innovation I brought to this fine establishment?”

“Yes, I did, I did do all that,” said the Devil, who vaguely felt like he was losing control of the conversation. “All I’m asking is that-” 

“The results don’t lie, Boss! Look! Look at your precious screen! Once word got out of how truly *nasty* it is in Hell now, there’s been a significant and quantifiable uptick in good behavior on Earth! A dozen new splinter religions have been established, just so that more of the fringe believers can be routed off to Heaven! I even brought you the internal circular they were sending around Up Above, yes? The one where they said that dear old Lucifer has never ran as tight a ship as he is doing now, do you remember?”

The Devil sighed again. He did remember. It was a nice feeling, to know that there were others who were once again giving him the due respect and recognition he deserved. He was the one who had picked out Penelope from the masses anyway, who had first sniffed out her talents and then took her under his wings. Which, of course, only made this meeting all the more awkward.

“Look, all I’m asking is, don’t be such a bloody show-off,” said the Devil. “You know how the Hellish Fiends and Craven Demons are. They are *old*. They can’t change their ways as fast as you can. Stop showing them up and making them unhappy.”

“And what’s wrong with a little natural selection?” asked Penelope. “It’s not my fault they are so tethered to the old ways. Would it hurt if they just spent a little effort studying how they can maximize suffering with the minimal amount of effort?”

“They have whips!” said the Devil. “And they have claws! That’s about it! What else do you expect of them! I give them humans, they torture them with their immortal instruments, and that’s it! That’s the end of the story!”

“Not good enough,” sniffed Penelope. “Not good enough. As I told you during my interview, I think my time at retail has given me the sort of training your Horde has never had. Do you know what separates the best retail workers from the scum? It’s understanding the human condition, that’s all it is. You don’t believe me?”

“I don’t see what relevance that has to anyth-” 

“If you don’t understand your customers, how can you expect to serve their every need?” said Penelope, a train without any brakes whatsoever. “I was forced to pick up the smallest mannerisms, study the slightest inflections, just so I could know what sort of customer I was dealing with. When I was alive, I was the best, bar none. A woman could walk in and I would know if she was shopping for herself, her girlfriends, her significant other or her child. I could pacify the gnarliest children, I could entertain the grumpiest grandparents. There was no one else quite like me. And I will give you the answer you have been looking for.”

Before the Devil could object, Penelope stood and whipped out a folder she had been hiding behind her back. The smug smile on her face unsettled the Devil more than he would admit.

“What’s this now?” asked the Devil.

“The reason why the other departments are complaining. They are achieving an ROI of only about 50% - that’s 1 unit of human suffering for every 2 units of effort. My department? Well, we’re up to an ROI of 200%. Yes, you heard that right. We’re *four times* more efficient than they are. For every unit of effort we sink in, we extract 2 units of suffering. Two, whole, units!”

The Devil took a deep breath, then opened the folder as gingerly as he would have if he was handling a vat of holy water. The words did not make sense at first, but the pictures certainly helped. A fine bead of sweat broke out on his brow as understanding set in.

“You… asked all sufferers to indicate whether they wished to be with their parents? And when they answered yes, you put them with their parents… *in-law*?”

“Not my fault that they were not specific,” said Penelope, a grin on her face.

“And when any sufferers begged to be reunited with their children, you agreed without telling them that you would be returning to them the six-month-old versions of their children?”

“Again, not my fault,” said Penelope. “Time has a different meaning here, yes?”

“And when they asked to meet again with the loves of their lives, you returned their very first crushes to them? And you played recordings of all the things they did to woo said first crushes?”

Penelope bared her teeth in her widest grin yet. “I’m particularly proud of that one. Seems like no matter how old people get, they never forget the embarrassment of those early years. And there’s more too. People who are fussy get prison cells which are slightly off-proportions, people who are vain get zit outbreaks every morning, people who love dogs get cats as companions… the list goes on. And on. And on. I’ve got a few more folders, just like those.”

The Devil slammed the folder back onto the table, the steam rising from his forehead. He cricked his neck, then forced himself to speak again. It was always hard to back-pedal.

“How about… I make a recommendation for you to… ascend to Up Above,” the Devil said. “On account of your brilliance and such. Hell’s no place for you.”

“Oh not, not yet,” said Penelope. “I’ve not accomplished my goals.”

“And which are?”

“Easy,” Penelope said as she began to rise. “I won’t leave until I get Employee of the Century. It’s a personal pride thing, I hope you understand.”

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny 
