"What an ugly baby." The nurse thought outwardly towards my childesk human shell, now long since abandoned. I lost interest after several hours realizing my entire adolescent stages would be people complaining generically about children. The way i remember myself doing in my mid 20's.

 My mothers thoughts constantly a dry prayer of trying to raise me right became a low dull drumming after 30ish mins as well. To my surprise, My father, who later in life hated me, absently thought little of me between long work shifts. "We just bought Diapers." Being a frequent thought.

I will say however the constant estranged misguided murder like thoughts from my elderly dementia riddled grandfather (who was only alive until i was 3) were vastly interesting. They questioned his existence, mine, his age, mine, then back to being about what he did and didn't do with himself. It was a wonderful thing to spend almost 9 years of commentary in those 3 with a man i never truly met or got to know. Even if he wasn't himself, he was something that... maybe i needed growing up.

I cried when the commentary from him stopped. For just a second, just one, i begged my tormentors to rewind, They giggled mentioned that never happening before, a request to extend the sentence, they denied it because it is what i wanted. Typical under worldly types.

After roughly a millennia of reviewing the tapes, i had finished my sentence. the vcr had to take some time to be rewound, of course. When they pulled out the tape with my name and number on it, to transfer to a separate re-winder, the kind i had had growing up during the Disney Renaissance.  I noticed a sticker with orange back and big black letters that read be kind please rewind on it.

I felt as if i had reached some sort of enlightenment about how dry the human race is, their thoughts a general hum of similarity out of initial response and how vastly similar we all really are, Especially when it came to instinct effecting our reactions. Once when i was 12 i dropped ice cream in the park and cried. The action was simple enough, gravity was too powerful and overwhelmed my tiny boy body whisking away my treat in the same way an uncle would eventually take away my innocence that same evening. a foreshadowing of events within events.

 While at the time that cone had meant the world to me.  Then when i dropped it 34 Separate individuals almost in unison if played at the same time would have made a cacophony of the idea that "That sucks, Poor Kid."

While the tape made a feint click I asked my demonic captor what was next and he said... 

"Y'know im not sure, most people break down out of madness by now.. Then after that we put them to work. I'll have to call the boss. In the mean time, ill put in someone elses life, Who you want kid?"

 I said my grandfathers full name and he went to the storage room and pulled out a tape and put it in the machine.