"How much further?" Quile asked, almost a plea.

"The waystoppers have moved on, don't worry." I tried to reassure him the best I was able. Quile was strong and quick, but I had asked the elders if I could leave him behind because of his tendency to malinger and panic. I think they denied me to make him someone else's problem.

Those low white beast were probably surrounding us now, ready to move on us as soon as our lights extinguished, but I had no plans to lose those beacons of survival.

"We should turn back." He griped. There was a mumble of agreement from Parcus that confirmed my doubts about Quile.

Our group was forty leagues past the end of the twiight and I was determined to make it two more before we returned. We would lose the mines to the scorch within months. Men were already dying keeping the ore coming. If they could do that, we could endure the long night for a while longer. We had gotten comfortable and fat. We ignored the law. It would not ignore us.

The severity of the situation seemed to be lost on Quile, and Parcus had the intelligence of a sandbear. They would prefer to remain in the longhouse until it burned around their ears. It was not safe to ignore them, however, as their discontent would spread and could kill us all if not controlled. 

"You have a point. But, don't forget we will have to cross the storms to get back, we want to exhaust all possibilities before then." I suddenly realized a change of strategies was in order. 

"Break here, make long camp!" I yelled to the group. This would give me time to idenfity who needed to go. I would send them back with just enough rations to make it past twilight line, but no more. I doubted they would live past the winds of the storm line without the resources of the group. Could I condemn these men to death? Yes, I thought simply.

Activity erupted around me as everyone jumped to their task. Walls of snow rose rapidly as shelter from the wind. Armus swung his pick axe to break brittle ground for the furnace. Parcus' demeanor seemed to cheer as he assembled the furnace with Raif and Gerge. A cry from the perimeter startled everyone and all activity suddenly ceased. Weapons appeared in hands and all attention turned to the north.

Gep, the miller's boy had raised the alarm and was standing motionless in front of a low slope of ice and snow. I quickened my pace to see what was happening, expecting to see the maw of a waystopper in the low light. I  froze when I saw it, stunned that it was not in fact a waystopper. It was an unbelievable site, here in the waste.

Before Gep lay a doorway, cut into the side of the hill. The face of the frame was of polished marble a yard across, and the door itself was made entirely of copper and stood the height of three men. A relief upon the door pictured a man, sheltering from the sun and the wind. Strange writing ran underneath his feet. Water ran off the face of the door and misted into the air. It was warm, and that should be impossible. 

Quile screamed something unintelligible and ran off into the darkness at the sight. No one gave chase. He saw a terrible thing where we saw a modicum of cautious hope. With luck, we would not see him again.

I shouted against the wind and the dark to move the wall to the base of the knoll. We would have to ring it to be safe, and it would more than quadruple the effort, but where there was copper, there would be mines. Where there was warmth, there could be life. Maybe it would be enough.