The room felt endless.   

Waking up and rubbing my eyes my new surroundings became clear.   I had woken up on some sort of soft green couch in the middle of a strange museum.  The ceiling was so high that I could barely make out the long hanging chandeliers. Looking to either side, I couldnt' see any walls.  Just display after display going off seemingly forever.

Standing, I straightened my clothes out.

"hello?"  I called out.   Insinctively I knew that no one was going to answer, but I had to try.

The first display I saw was a rifle.  The display case below showed photos of a stout woman using the rifle.   In the photos she was in trees, in bushes, hidden in all manner of locations sniping her prey.


The next, a simple hand held knife.   Something a hunter would carry.  The display showed an animals pelt laid out, some sort of great cat.  The photos were of an older man fighting a great cat with nothing more than this simple folding knife.

The farhter way from the couch I walked the older the weapons became.  Guns became flintlocks, and breachloaders, and finally gave way to swords.   There was a whole section before that of tanks, and planes.  Even a messerschmidt peppered with bullet holes.

Past that there were great war hammers, silver swords and mirror shields.   There were impossibly glowing spears, and wooden cudgels.

I knew that none of these was what I needed.

Something was calling to me from beyond this, from farther into the darkness.

Awhile i walked on.  I passed rough hewn spears, and stone axes.   Finally I passed what looked like a jawbone sharpened on one side.

Finally, in a neglected corner.  It's display dusty and damaged I found what I was looking for.  the first security, the first weapon that turned the cold dark night into somewhere safe.

Lifting my prize I was surprised at its weight.   The leather had been carefully worked and sewn, the care that had gone into this obviously showed.  The shape had been filled out horse hair and moss.  The sinew used to sew it closed was aso used to fashion a crude mouth and eyes.

It was a stuffed dog, or maybe a stuffed wolf.  It was the first tool that man had used to fiht back against the night.   It was the first weapon that the first hero had wielded.  It had been fashioned with love and care and bestowed all the well wishes and hope that a mother or father could for their child.   It was as powerful as excalibur, thors hammer, or the enola gay.  It was so powerful that it reverbated down through history and instilled bravery in children to this day, and for days yet to come.

Taking the sturdy toy in my hand i began to walk back.


As I walked the room filled with a fog, and seemed to fade around me.  The weapons and tools of the great heroes of the past faded away.  and I was standing at a door in my own house.

Opening the door to darkness I could hear soft cries.

"you ok buddy?"  I said walking to his bed.

"scared."

Smiling I pulled my prize up to the light, and passed it to him.

