"Yes."

"Oh, well, I don't know about that. I guess not."

"Sure!"

"No way that's going to happen."

Damn. I've spoken sentences like those more than any other mortal should or would. I guess I'm just that good of an adviser. You know, it's good being asked for some every once in a while, but lately it's just been getting out of hand. People I've never met before just come to my house randomly and ask me things someone else should probably be asked. 

"Should we increase the firemen budget?"

"You think the US oughta sign that deal with China?"

Like, who am I to answer that shit? That's already weird. But, as if that wasn't enough, I got asked what turned out to be two of the scariest questions ever. Two guys who looked like Will Smith in Men in Black showed up at my house. I had just left my favorite diner and was about to head for work, when I noticed I had forgotten my ID card for the office and had to return home to fetch it. But, back to them, their resemblance to that of Agent J was just perfect. Shades and everything. It's winter. 

I barely had the chance to utter a "Who...". They seemed decided to lash me.

"Do you think the American and Russian Presidents are really adequate for the job? What about North Korea's dictator? Is he adequate as well?" Their voices sounded dead and gravelly. 

"Oh, no. Not at all. In fact, the world might just be at War already. They're selfish men who don't care what happens to their people as long as they gain more and more power, not only locally but globally."

They left. That experience pissed me off. It reminded me just how much I hated those three. Now I'd have to spend the rest of the day at the office, trying to calm myself down. Down the drain went another Monday of productive work. Oh well.

I woke up today at 6 AM. No diner on a Friday; only a light breakfast at home and 
then, off to work. No stops on the way there. 

I went downstairs to pour myself a cup of cheap coffee and make myself a pair of toasts which I always bathe in butter. When everything was ready, I turned on the TV to catch up with what was going on with the rest of the world. I was shocked to read the headline 'Trump and Putin assassinated overnight'. A secret operation? But who'd do such a thing? Maybe ISIS? North Korea? Damn, it would be a rough day, I thought. I was lucky not to live in America. It left me speechless.

3 PM, average. I had just exited a meeting, and had returned to my usual stuff in front of the 23" monitor. I went to check the NY times, like I always do when I'm interested in a USA story. But this was actually a global story. No headline for Trump's murder. Instead, a headline for Kim Jong Un's murder. I was petrified.

A few hours have passed since then. The world is afraid of what will happen next, and then there's me, clueless as to why all this happened. Now I'm just sitting in my bed, paranoid, on the lookout for Agent Js and Agent Ks.