As the chief operating executive of the International Committee of the Red Cross I stand united with colleagues from Red Crescent, CARE Canada, Oxfam International, and World Vision International, in their efforts to cull members of our organizations who violate the mission statements.

Those volunteers who violate the rights of their coworkers or the refugees entrusted to them will not be tolerated. In 2018, we believe it is acceptable to deal capital punishment to those accused of heinous acts of violence against refugee women, children and men.

I will not stand idly by as some individuals choose to bastardize the good work we do.

As longstanding and reoccurring allegations of rape, exploitation, and even human trafficking taint the reputation of the [United Nations](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-43206297), we at the International Committee of the Red Cross refuse to turn a blind eye. We shall enforce corporeal punishment by way of hanging, firing squad, or lethal injection; for any aide worker found guilty of violating the mission statement in such a way as to cause harm to individuals within or in the charge of the organization. 

Volunteers and administrators have been educated on so-called “wolves in sheeps clothing,” anonymous whistle-blowing hotline, and steps to be taken in internal investigations of the accused. Per international standards of justice and law enforcement, the accused will stand trial with a jury of his/her peers. In addition to a judge, an ethics committee will review the accused’s actions, motivations, and consequences of actions or inaction on the part of the accused. 

As CEO, I alone shall bear the responsibility of terminating a guilty party’s volunteer contract and life. Although we as humans see fit to judge the worth of others lives’ the act of ending a life (no matter what grounds) is recognized as violation of the most basic, universal right: the right to life. As such, I shall continue my work in humanitarian aid in a bid to outweigh the necessary evil of murder.