Thunder peals along the bruised horizon, echoing throughout a skeletal forest of skyscraper husks. A lone figure is illuminated by a flash of lightning. An absurdly garish sight, contrasting the bleakness of its surroundings. Red and white starkly rebutting the slate and mud brown of the barren wastes. The wind bit into the flesh of Santa's cheek, finding its teeth in the space beneath his weathered leather googles and the top of his snow white beard.

"This job used to be a lot easier" Santa thought to himself grimly; deftly maneuvering the sleigh under the remnants of two housing blocks drunkenly supporting each other in the aftermath of the atomic winds. His mind absently wandered to the days before the collapse, back when the world made sense.

His mind wandered a lot these days, bouncing endlessly through mental corridors that used to be occupied with weighing the vices and virtues of a billion souls. He'd had no shortage of time in the near decade since the fall of man, and he spent most of it alone with his thoughts.

At first, he'd found the silence deafening, a psychic shock that left him reeling without a mental anchor. In time, however, he grew accustomed to the lack of a constant din. Sadly, Santa had felt no such shock in the way that the world ended. He'd long since anticipated just such a fate for the species. You simply don't feel the weight and measure of the human soul for a millennia and not come away with some insights into the nature of the beast. If he had one common attribute he could ascribe to each and every human soul he'd ever judged, it would be that he found them wanting.

At least when they were grown, that is. The children of men were something different all together. Something special. Each and every child represented a chance for human beings to finally get it right. Each one bursting with the limitless potential of the species, before they're beaten and molded by the harshness of the world into the rigid and selfish facades that dominated the show right up until the final nuclear curtain. The kids are why Santa started this Christmas deal in the first damned place. The kids are why he was still there. Even though the job was harder now, the purpose still remained.

Despite it all, Santa couldn't help believing that he would one day find the spark that'd ignite the Phoenix'esque rebirth of the world in one these human children.

One could be forgiven for thinking that going from a few billion souls to a handful of thousands would have simplified the task of judging naughty from nice. In truth, this new world had proven that morality was more of a luxury than a permanent state of affairs. There were shades of gray in a picture that used to be black and white, and despite being fewer in number, many required more deliberation than he'd considered even possible in the time before.

The little girl he was flying to now was one such a case. In the time before, the child's actions over the last year would've immediately gotten her a place on the naughty list, but the world was full of hard truths now, and he couldn't fault her for wanting to survive.

When her mother passed in the spring from a fever resulting from an infected wound, the girl and her father consumed her corpse in a desperate bid to keep from having to scavenge the wastes. Every trip outside the vault exposed them to the elements and the radiation sick bands of roving bandits and slavers. In the following months she did her best to keep her father's spirits up, but the death of his wife twisted his mind. He devolved rapidly, and when he finally forced her to take his life to defend herself - it was practically a mercy.

Santa didn't judge her for that either, nor for eating his body to sustain herself. Desperate times...

Santa landed the sleigh in the thick layer of ash covering the rubble strewn street outside of the municipal vault. Once upon a time, there would've been fresh a dusting of powdery white snow covering blanketing the scene, but that role was now governed by the choking and oppressive layer of atomic ash. Santa dragged a sack from the back of the sleigh, slung it over his shoulder and trundled into the brick edifice containing the vault.

It'd been a few months since the child had interacted with a person, giving Santa no further insights to how her day to day life had been going, but he could sense that she was alive in here somewhere. At any rate, the scale when last checked had her on the nice list, and he had a job to do.

The clatter of metal on metal and a quick burst of movement in the darkness ahead of his dragged his mind back to the present. He found his way through some rubble into a maintenance walkway that let into the vault through a ruined wall. It was dark and humid down here, with the sickly yellow glow of the emergency lighting illuminating damp metal concrete walls and leaking pipes.

Santa catches himself midstride, and gingerly lifts his fur cuffed boot above a tripwire, barely visible in the gloom.

"Clever girl" Santa mutters under his breath, his eyes tracing the wire up the wall to a shotgun trap leveled at chest height embedded in the wall. It's no wonder that she was still alive down here, she was a cautious one.

He rounded a corner and was assaulted by a wall of stench that caused him to retch. The foul miasma of decay, amplified by the confined space and lack of air flow. It didn't take long for Santa to find the source of the fetid redolence.

An abattoir of horrors splayed gruesomely about the floor of the room before him. Dozens of bodies littered the room in various states of dismemberment, undress and decay. Santa had seen a lot since the collapse, but nothing prepared him for the nightmarish spectacle before him. Looking beyond the horrific tangle of bodies Santa's eyes fix on the long hooks hanging from the ceiling and gore spattered counter along the far wall. His gaze shifts to the meat grinder and array of butcher's tools, a gutted human torso sitting wetly on a stained block in a cruel parody of a kitchen. The sickening realization hits him - This is somebody's larder!

He pivots too fast to turn to leave, his black booted foot slides in the layer of unspeakable effluence thickly caked on the floor. He's falling, stocking cap flying from his head as it cracks into the unforgiving floor. Bright light - Then darkness. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Santa awakes with a start, vision blurred and tried to orient himself in the gloom. He's unable to move his arms or legs, seemingly restrained. His head is a thunderous agony and he coughs and tastes the warm copper of his own blood.  He thinks to himself that he must've taken quite the tumble. 

Gaining a bit of stability he peers out into the room, and catches a frail silhouette back lit by the faint glow of the yellow hazard lights dotting the walls. 

"You're not like the other bad men." comes a light voice from the dark silhouette, sing-song and angelic, strangely deformed by the echo off the concrete walls".  

"W-What... What do you mean?" Santa asks furtively, struggling against his bonds. "What is the meaning of this?"

"The other bad men die when you eat them." the silhouette replied with a giggle. 

"W-What - What're you talking about, child?" Santa replied with growing alarm. "Let me go this instant!". 

The childish giggle continues and gains a harsh barking edge as it changes into a mirthless and psychotic laugh. Santa looks down to discover the nature of his bonds and is confused by what he sees. Where his legs should be, are ragged stumps from the midthigh down, the bright red of his trousers violently interrupted by a gout of dark sanguine red pooling beyond. 

Santa screams as the silhouette races towards him a sharp bright flash in one of her hands. He raises his arms to defend himself to discover that instead of hands, jagged and broken shafts of bone emanate from just below his elbows. 

 "She's definitely on the naughty^list^now..." 

