The door swung open as Zoey rushed into the kitchen. Nothing but sobbing and screaming woke me up instantly. Imagining the worst, the adrenaline spike allowed me to maneuver downstairs instantly.

As I stood there looking at her, I couldn’t move. Her eyes were swelled, shoes muddy, and her right leg was bent with . . . *BLOOD??*

“Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. What happened? Are...are you going to be ok? I don’t understand what...”

“I was...playing outside! I fell down in the mud. And my knee really hurts!!”

That was all Zoey could let out as she began to scream again from what I could only imagine was extreme pain. I rushed to the bathroom grasping at the medicine bag they had given me from the lab. All primitive supplies that I studied about but never had time to practice with. Increased perception allowed me to read the labels fast, but my mind was drawing a blank as to what exactly could be wrong. Or rather it was firing off too quickly.

“Should I call the lab? No! What would they say? How could I allow her to go outside unsupervised while I slept?? She slipped past me! It wasn’t my fault! She was suppose to sleep for 8 hours. How long does it take for a regular human to heal? What if she bleeds out?”

Hesitation began to take control and I could feel myself burning from embarrassment. I grabbed medical wrap, pain killers, and ointment and ran back down the stairs.

As I got to the bottom steps, I heard whimpers. No more wailing, no more bloody murder screams. Just sniffles. I approached the corner and noticed her sitting down on the kitchen table coloring away on a white piece of paper. 

She turned to look at me, wide eyed with dry tears on her cheeks.

“I fixed it myself,” she said. With the proudest smile.

I looked down, and saw a small colorful strip over the damage she endured. A sigh of relief washed over me. Her leg wasn’t leaking of blood, her knee was rocking back and forth with no issues, and her whimpers turned into musical hums.

 This is the last imperfect human on earth. And she’s perfect in every way.


> I changed the point of view, and my writing is sloppy. But I really enjoyed your prompt and instantly had this visual in my head for it! Thanks OP!