“The fuck.”

The sharp voice of confusion resounded through the conference room. People of all races and nationalities coughed into their hands at the blatant disregard of conduct that the specimen held.

The representative that stood at the end of the meeting table forced a strained smile at the sudden obscenity, explaining, “It’s really not important, but technically the star that your planet orbits is owned by someone here on Earth.”

The alien blinked from the screen at the front of the room, purple eyes staring blankly as the alien processing the information.

“Someone...BOUGHT...our sun?”

“Yes, that is correct.”

The alien blinked a few more times. “What the FUCK.”

“I’m sorry sir, really, bu-“

“No, no, no, I don’t want to hear your apology,” the alien scoffed, arms flung around in frustration. “How can your people not understand that they can’t own something they can’t even touch! This star was OURS. And we didn’t put it up for sale.”

The country representatives looked to be in shock at the pure rudeness of the estranged boy in front of them.

“No, you know what? I would like to meet this star owner. I will respect this purchase.”

Again, shock filled the room. The lead representative quickly squeaked out a “yes sir” before jogging out of sight of the alien. The other representatives shifted in their seats, uncomfortable with the new position. 

- - - - -

After a few hours, the woman who had left earlier returned. Behind her trailed a young girl. The alien’s eyes squinted. The girl squinted back.

“So you’re the kid who rules our star, huh?”

“So you’re the alien who interrupted my free time, eh?” The man in question nodded and smirked. 

“Okay, this might not be half bad. How old are you kid?”

“Probably a lot older than you,” the girl sassed, harboring a smirk of her own. The alien gasped.

“I will have you know I am FOUR HUNDRED AND SIXTY-THREE rotations old.”

“You look ten.”

The alien faltered, cheeks losing color as a blue tint took over them. It became apparent he was blushing. “That doesn’t answer the question, human.”

The girl giggled at the alien’s compromising position, answering, “Twelve.”

“Well congratulations,” the alien dryly remarked, crossing his arms petulantly, “you just became the youngest ruler of the planet of Kørat.”