Clueless. 

If i had to describe my life with a single word, it would be clueless. Clueless as to why my mother had fair hair and mine was charcoal. Clueless as to why no one in my family or neighborhood would accept me or the other children would shun me. Clueless, when one day a royal seneschal stood in front of our door and proclaimed I was a child of the dying king und thus had to fight in the upcoming battle for the kingdom. 

And now ultimately clueless, what I had to do next. 
My „brothers“ stood behind me in the chapel. Each of them had been prepared for this. Either my father had acknowledged them or they were born to rich parents. Only once had the old king a short relationship with someone not from the noble houses. My mother was a prostitute and the king had met her on his way home from a war. A short relationship, but nonetheless a frugal one. 

The high priest stood beside me. Though sworn to be neutral, even he couldn’t hold back his grin as he was instructing me to beseech a god to lent me his powers in the imminent conflict. „Come on, just pick another. Maybe just not a higher god like Zeus or Odin, but maybe a lesser one, like Demeter. You have got one try left“. 

I could hear my brothers snickering behind me. Their words were a constant blur, but I could imagine what they would be saying: „Do you really think any god would champion him?“ or „At least we have on easy target. Could for trying your powers out, isn’t it?“ 
And these thoughts filled me with a rage I hadn’t know I had before. „Let them try. They all are in for a big surprise“. And so i prayed again for the third and last time: 
„O Allmighty Death! Here I Stand, Unworthy Of Your Attention. A Mere Worm Beneath Thy Unholy Sandals, I Pray To You, I Beg You, I Beseech You, Grant Me Even The Smallest Bit Of Thy Eternal And Overpowering Might. Aid Me In This Strife, And The Whole Country Shall Acknowledge You As The Only One Worthy To Be Worshipped!“

And suddenly, it was quiet. Not even the faintest breeze could be felt. I shivered uncontrollably. In front of me, a dark, hooded figurine started to appear. 
„You called me?“, a hoarse, rough voice whispered. It sounded like the scraping of nails on a chalkboard. 
„You can stop time?“, I asked, aghast.  
„Of course. I am the most powerful being after the Creator. There is nothing that YOU could think of that I cannot do. I am the Grim, the Reaper. I am Death. And I am here to help you....

win“

