“Look at us Robbie! Like back when we were in high-school!” The elderly woman said as she pointed the gun at the cashier.

“Oooh! I’ll take the mints hun, you grab the shampoo.” Said the elderly man to his wife as he went over to grab the mints.

As soon as the older woman walked to grab the shampoo a sudden flash appeared into the room. She had short blonde hair and a round face, accentuated by bright red lips. Her outfit was a bright white cloth that hug her body a little too much for her parent’s taste, with a black belt that seemed to show off her backside and a symbol directing the stares to her chest. The cashier ducked behind the table as the two elderly criminals walked over and gave the superhero a tight hug. The woman sighed and almost began to run before there arms overtook her.

“Why don’t you ever call anymore Sue?” Said the old woman.

“Sue? Whose Sue? I’m Metro Girl! Fastest woman alive! Seriously mom…” The young superhero said attempting to make her voice sound deeper before giving up at the end.

“Susan. We’ve robbed five stores and two banks! Cops are all over us. How did it take you this long to catch us?” Asked Robbie angrily, “Is Metroman getting in your way? I swear to god when I find that b-“

“No. You just haven’t bothered to wear masks in any of your robberies and I don’t want to have to arrest my parents.” Said Metrogirl as a customer walked into the store. “Plus your crimes are like super minor.”

“**We robbed a bank!**” The couple said united in anger.

“You held the place up to steal the pens guys.” Metrogirl said exacerbated as the clerk began checking out a customer. “Oh come here guys. You don’t have a bad bone in your bodies… Dad you were the person who inspired me to become a superhero.”

“Honey! I love you to.” Said Robbie uncomfortably hoping that Metrogirl wouldn’t google ‘Robbie Rendoza’ or the ‘Nazi Moon Heist.’

As the three walked out Metrogirl stared at them both and said, “Unfortunately that’s all still armed robberies. I will have to take you to jail.”

“Oh no worries about that honey!” Said the old man as he scooped up his wife and whistled summoning a supersuit that allowed him to fly away.
