Welp, guess now I have to make my life a better love story than Twilight. That was what my brain had decided to come up with to distract me from my absolute terror. I already wasn't a morning person and got an extreme energy boost at night before I became unable to consume garlic bread. Now, I physically cannot get up in the mornings, as sunlight even barely grazing my skin sends me into shock and I go unconscious from the pain, and I feel like I did when I had to finish an extremely unfair project back in college, where my blood was mostly caffeine for at least a month at night. And the best part is that I am now immune to the Gravewalker Virus! (What I had dubbed the disease that had turned people into zombies after they died)

In the weeks after the Outbreak, all the supernatural beings in our world saw no reason to hide themselves, as the dominant race was now supernatural, and as per the laws of Gaia, the Goddess of the Earth, when the supernatural outnumbers the natural, the beasts of legend are free to roam without reprocussion from the world. At least, those were what the man that made me completely nocturnal told me, since as I was the supernatural now, I had to know the rules, in case humanity survived. Then, he walked away into the night, leaving the quickly turning, terrified young man that is me to go through the Change alone.

And let me tell you- The Change is the worst feeling you could even think of imagining. I've experienced it, and I haven't yet found words to describe it all. But, there was one thing I remember- Gaia telling me the things the vampire didn't, like how if I ever indulged in human blood, I would instantly become an addict, since humans, with their broad access to foods of various flavors that somehow made them taste like their favorite foods, they would taste like regular food, except a thousand times more filling and way tastier.

And after the change, I could safely say I had been unconscious about a day, as I remember where the pain of the Change was vividly more pain, and I assume it was the daylight burning my pale skin to ashes. But, when I did wake up, I learned a lesson Gaia didn't teach me. Vampires are immune to the Gravewalker disease, as they cannot die, and the disease makes their bodies animated AFTER death. I learned this since I had woken up to a zombie getting a bite out of my arm. Then, suddenly it was dead- rekilled as I would put it. It's skull was split open, and I could just barely see the chunck of my flesh still in it's mouth. I expected to puke from the smell of it's rotten corpse and it's stale blood, but it just smelt like an expired food to me. So, I got up from the woods I later burned down, and went off to figure out what I was going to do now. I thought of going out and making more vampires so I wouldn't be lonely, but I then remembered that once I drank human blood, I wouldn't have the will to drink anything else. So, I did what any starry-eyed immortal 17 year old would do.

I went out to find more monsters like me.

I ran into my soon-to-be best friend two nights later. (I had soon discovered that even the word day made me cringe in pain after I had my first encounter with sunlight.)

Her name was Lila, and like me, she had just recently turned into a werewolf. And, as I met her on a full moon, the first impression I got of her was giant, fluffy with her long shaggy locks of brown fur all over her body, and absolutely terrifying as, apparently, Vampires and werewolves were naturally enemies, as she instantly attacked me and left such a deep mark on my chest that even with my vampire healing, I still have the scar.

After she regained herself at my screaming in pain, which was becoming a sound I was almost too familiar with making, she immediately apologized between my bloodcurdling screeches and tried her best to bandage my wounds. The deep gashes her claws had made were already healing, and I assume if I were a full blooded vampire- a child of a vampire and a human/vampire or a turned human who had consumed the blood of another half-breed- she may have attacked again after seeing my regeneration seen only with vampires. But, when I came to after passing out a second time, she apologized over and over and as she tried to make these promises to repay me, she kinda endeared herself to me, and over time we became the best of friends, even with our violwnt meeting. Two months after the Outbreak, the zombies were wiped out, for the ability they have to turn any mortal creature into Gravewalkers with their meet existence.

Humanity was getting back on it's feet, and soon the Outbreak became just another warstory for veterans. But humanity never became what it once was, as the supernatural would never let themselves be contained by humans again. And the war of monsters vs humans began.

Me and Lila had been traveling together for a while when we eventually decided to stay in a neutral city that accepted all living beings. An attack came to that little town, and I will never forget the screams of the others as those fools fought against each other, making us, the ones who accepted and appreciated each other, their battlefield.


With the humans monster bullets- ammunition designed specifically to kill a monster- and the monsters natural combat skills, countless died on both sides. And it was then that I saw Lila- the girI who I had only known to be cheerful, adventurous, and sympathetic to both sides- become absolutely terrified. She was completely scared out of her skin, and she clung to me, shaking like she had her own personal earthquake, and said words that, with my newfound immortality, I forgot that people could have that fear.

"I'm too scared to die..." She said softly, tears in her eyes. I clung to here as that war outside suddenly became more intense, with the sounds of death that seemed to be on an endless loop, and the deafining sound of guns firing faded into the background. Then, I had an idea that would quell her fears.

"I could make you immortal, like me...." I said into her ears in the middle of our embrace. She then looked up to me, her soft brown eyes that made me think of pinecones looking at me in hope. And she nodded. I had told her once before after she revealed that a dog she had been keeping turned out to be a teenage werewolf and bit her how I had gotten to be a vampire and all the little strings attached.

So, I bit her as lightly as possible, not even sure this would work on someone who already turned once. Then she passed out in my arms, and I wrapped her and myself in my dark cloak as we both waited for the Change to pass.


She woke up two days later, with her teeth almost as sharp as they were when she was a werewolf, and she immediately told her what being changed twice did to her. Apparently silver was now the only way she could die, and she becamw twice as powerful in the dark, and even moreso on a full moon. Then, she looked out the window of our cosy little cottage and saw the shattered remains of the first place we had thought of as our home. She wondered why our home was unharmed, and I told her that since we lived on a hill overlooking the town, they probably didn't notice us, as people rarely looked up anymore. And in her eyes I saw her furious, and I knew what we were going to do.


Now, today, I right the letter as the co-founder of The Dark Arms Of Brotherhood, the band of people who wish this war to end. We will work hard to destroy the two armies fighting while making innocents' corpses their battlefield.

I, Jack Ragner, and my wife, Lila Ragner, will swear our immortality to this cause, and will only stop when we have both been wiped out from this world, or when we ensure peace in this war.

Now, recruit, as you look upon my story, remember this-

We are not inherently bad, but we are not good. We are hypocrites who will kill to ensure peace, and protect our ideals. So, know this as you swear to protect the innocent by taking lives.


And welcome to the fight.

