I was laying back, music blasting, colors brightening from the tab I had taken. I was waiting for the familiar yet completely alien feeling as sights and sounds intermingled, becoming one with everything around me, when I was plunged into a bright light. No, I was drowning. My mind felt no trace of the acid as my body tossed and turned. I held my breath, knowing if I took one, it might mean the end of me. Maybe the tab was laced with something else, and I was completely tripping balls, but this felt too real. One moment I was in the comfort of my dorm room, the next I was underwater, and probably going to die. After what felt like an eternity but was probably ten seconds, I bobbed up to the surface, only to see a wave barreling towards me. Literally barreling. I remembered surfing in high school before I got out of shape, took a huge breath, and dove as deep as I could. Despite the wave being much larger than what I had been used to, I was able to go much deeper than I had ever been able to. I hit the bottom. It was jagged. I opened my eyes, and realized I had run into a reef made of what looked like volcanic rock. My left ankle tugged violently from what I presumed was a surfboard attached to it. I swam up to the surface, realizing I wasn't buoyant like my out of shape self had always been. My head popped out of the water, and I saw that it was the the last wave in the set. Thank god. I grabbed the leash on my ankle, and tugged the board towards me. It was much shorter than any board I had used, and had a gradient of white to blue. I heaved myself onto it, and furiously started paddling out to avoid another set. Once I decided I was comfortable, I tried to sit up to assess what the hell was going on, when I realized that instead of my thighs making it difficult to sit up, there was some other bit that made me sit up much more cautiously. I hadn't just been transported, I was another person. I wasn't a 19 year old girl anymore, I was a man. I was tan and muscular, and I was wearing a blue rash guard and gray shorts. I had long blond hair plastered to the side of my face. I had a scrape on my arm from hitting the reef. I wondered if he had switched into my body. He probably thought he had died from his wipeout if he had plunged into the ocean and then into some girl's acid trip. I hoped he liked my music at least. I didn't see anyone else in the lineup. I analyzed the beach. It looked familiar, but it was hard to tell from the water. There was some activity going on there. I heard screaming. I squinted, seeing a lifeguard tower, and then I remembered a trip to Hawaii when I was eleven years old. This was the north shore of Oahu, Pipeline to be specific. If my memory was correct, this was the world's deadliest surf spot. I out of anyone on earth, I *had* to switch into the body of a daredevil. From the screams, there was either a shark in the water, or other people were facing a similar dilemma to myself. I bobbed over the beginning of another set of waves. I had to get out of here.