 “Kia Ora, Mr Hendricks!”   


'Um, what?' I reply.   


The large gentleman standing in front of me frowned. “Oh, I'm sorry. I thought your file said you were from New Zealand”.   


He was every image of the type of person you do not mess with. 6'6”, built like a fridge and covered in tattoos. Even his face. Especially his face, actually. Traditional Maori tattoos reigned supreme over his features.   


“Australia, originally, but I emigrated there when I was twenty. Nicer climate, less dickheads.” I reply, looking around. Nothing but white. There wasn't even any tangible floor.   


“Not to be rude but, um, where are we and who the hell are you?”  


“Oh, terribly sorry. Do you mind if I change it up a bit? Its been a slow morning.” The man replied.  


Before I could respond, the world shifted and stretched around me. I saw the flash of empty space, stars and in the distance, a bell was ringing softly.  


Suddenly, I was seated in an office. The chair was that middle-range level of office furniture, the kind where the armrest is built into a low rising back and everything is padded, comfortable, but just a little bit scratchy. The walls were decorated in the same way every other middle management office I'd ever been in was. A painting of yachts sailing to my right, what looked like a plastic fern in one corner and entirely nondescript yet inoffensive wallpaper.   


In front of me was a desk. Seated in a highback leather chair was the large New Zealander. On the desk sat an open manilla folder. Peering through a pair of vaguely familiar tortoiseshell glasses and holding two pieces of paper, he looked from one to the other.  


“Ah, I see the mixup. Henderson with an 'e', not Hendarson with an 'a'. Terribly sorry about that.”  


'Um, what?' I replied.  


“Johann Henderson,” he pronounced, setting the papers down. “You are dead.”   


'Did you just 'The Good Place' me!?' I ask, incredulously.   


“That was the general idea, yes. Everything about this is supposed to be comfortable, relateable...reassuring, even. Just enough of your old life to make the transition easier. Even these,” he held up the glasses, “Do you really think Death needs reading glasses? I nicked them from SpecSavers. I also trust you figured out this isn't what I normally look like.”  


“Is this the part where we follow an entertaining yet surprisingly philosophical storyline before a cunning twist reveals your true nature, yet over time we bond and form an unbreakable friendship despite our vast differences?” I reply, mouth moving faster than my mind.   


“Jesus, mate, you need to watch less Netflix.” He sighed.  


'Oh, gee, thanks for that, I suppose I'll have eternity to do whatever I want NOW THAT I'M DEAD.'  


“Yes, you are. The etheric leash tying your soul to your body has been severed and now you're here, in Limbo, while you decide what to do.” He continued, nonchalantly.   


'Wait, you mean I have a choice?!' I ask.  


“Sort of. Look. Death is inevitable. Its a simple thing – like the rest of life. Life begins with pain, blood and sometimes terrible suffering, but also joy. It is followed by a series of intense experiences. Some good, some bad. Death is not like that; it is the end of the chapter. A culmination of all things you have experienced thus far. If life is a whirlwind, death is the soft breeze that signals the end of the storm. If life is a night of awkward shared glances, death is a bashful goodbye kiss.”   


“I think I'm having a panic attack.” And sure enough, the tell-tale signs were there. Palms sweating, stomach tightening. Everything points to the build up of adrenaline where the body and mind get in a fistfight over what flight-or-fight really means.  


“Wait, so wheres the scythe? I get the whole ditching of the creepy robes and looking like a real boy and everything, but the scythe? Its sort of iconic.” I ask, really just looking for a distraction.   


“Right behind you.” Death replies, pointing at the back wall. In a glass case set at roughly chest height sits a huge scythe. Six foot long, plain wood and unadorned iron, it looks like it belongs in a museum, not in an office. At the bottom is a bronze lock.   


“You have two choices Mr Henderson. You either come with me or,” Opening a drawer, he pulls out a large bronze key and places it on the desk, looking at it with disdain. “I use this.”   


Silence descends. I can feel the tension gnawing at me. To his credit, Death does not stare menacingly into my eyes. There isn't even a feeling of impending doom. He doesn't look at me, just sort of moves his gaze into the middle distance, lost in thought. As the moments stretch together and time crawls on...nothing happens. No threats, no pressuring for me to make a decision. No hurried coughs or annoyed sighs. I'm reminded of the night I met Her. I was so nervous I could barely talk. But there were no bad vibes. 'An honest quiet', as mum used to say.  My heart slows and eventually stops thudding in my ears.  I take a breath and wipe my hands on my jeans. They're dry.   


“Fuck it. I'm in”.  