A /u/rarelyfunny 's substory, because his context inspired me.    
I'm not a native speaker, so i'll be glad if you could correct any mistakes i could make.





"Someone" knocked on my door. I looked at the clock : it was 5pm. He's quite early today. I turned on the TV in a attempt to appear as if i didn't hear it, starting it muted and slowly increasing the volume, not even looking at what i was supposed to watch. I was only paying attention to the few to no sounds coming from the door, hoping to hear any sign of irritiation. It's been months since he knew i was just being petty by doing so, and stopped showing any.

I let him knock 3 times before i precautiously arised from my armchair, trying not to worsen my constant backache. I then savoured the time being by lingeringly coming to the door. Despite what my consciousness was screaming at me, I can't see how i could feel guilty of taking this kind of little petty pleasures, considering what he was coming for.    
I opened the door with the saddest smile i could make, trying to inject in it all the pain occured to me for coming opening that damn door.

"Hi Walter. How are you doing ? Feeling any better than yesterday?" he said with the most disgustingly respectful smile he could wore.    
You know, the king of smile that is just enough to be friendly, without containing any excessive joy considering the situation. God does he know the secret of those. I guess it's a requisite for the job.

I cleared my throat, trying to hide the pain this simple act meant for me.    

"Hi, Karim. Not any worse, but not any better either."    

He looked at me, seeing well enough across my mask, and keeping the same smile.

"Of course."

It was false. I tried to avoid talking to anyone for any reason every day, and it was still getting worse. And to add to that, i absolutely had to try making the most long sentences i could for these meetings, to prove i could still talk properly, if i wanted to be left in peace. But i guess it wasn't working that well, since he's visiting me more and more often, coming from months, to weeks, to days. And I was getting more and more tired of it.

Maybe because i knew i couldn't ignore the end was coming.

I turned back and nodded a chair at his attention.
"Please, take a seat."    
"Thank you."

He did so and, while i was slowly taking mine, precautiously placed his wallet on the table. Once comfortably settled, he looked at the TV, then came back at me, slightly amused :

"They're making quite a progess, lately."    

I turned to the TV, paying attention for the first time at what was said.    

"...to expend our lifepool immensely, the one we're looking for for more than a decade."    

It was showing a staged picture of a strange machine tied over a very old woman's throat, wearing any sign of old age you could image, with white coat men around her. One of the old greedy ones, i guess. I knew perfectly where this was going. It's not like it wasn't the number one small talk topic since a few years.

"The first artificial vocal chords transplantation attempt is not be taken lightly. Head scientists keep saying that there is no assured success, but knowing they advanced to the stage where they are officially trying it on humans can only be a sign that the wait will not be long anymore."

I turned to Karim, fastly curbing the feeling of hope that was coming down my throat.

"So you won't be ... " i felt that my voice would completely rasp if i completed my sentence, so i wored a mask of pain while lifting my hand to my back, for a few seconds, while i quietly swallowed.

"Bothering me anymore ?"

He displayed a sad half smile, and had the decency to look down for a second.    

"You know it doesn't mean anything. It could still take years for it to come to a common and safe usage, and if it was only that, we would wait. But we don't even know if it will make the words work. And we both know you ..."

He marked a pause, but i knew it was just for not being rude. He knew exactly what he was going to say, he was a master with words. How ironic.

"You won't be able to speak the words anymore soon enough. We can't take the risk of wasting another life, if it were not to work."

I continued to patiently looking at him with my best poker face. He waited a bit, then opened his wallet and gave me the text.

"Please. Go on."

I quietly sighed as the painful part was coming. I slowly looked down at the sea of words drawning on that blank sheet of paper. And another angry sea just as enormous was waiting me on its back.

I stared at it for God knows how many time. Then i sighed again, not even trying to hide it this time, and directed my eyes at him.

"Let's stop this masquerade."

I'm not enjoying this farce of a life anyway.    
He didn't say a word, but, while still looking down with an immense respect, took back the paper and got up of his chair.

"I'll leave you for a moment. Call me, or not, when you will be ready, and feel free to text me about anything that would pleases you."

Without an answer that he knew would tear off my throat, he left the room. I slowly got up and turned off the TV. I don't even know what i should be doing right now. I walked to the kitchen, poored a cup of coffee, and went enjoying the view on my balcony.

I guess it wasn't that bad of a life. Enjoy it, little one.