The world is grey iridescence, blown apart and smoothed down by a stark white light with no source. I look around, my form shifting incorporeally to take in my swirling surroundings. I can watch the faint outline of the ground fly beneath me as my soul is hurled forward by some vaguely-remembered impact. Willing myself to come to an instant halt, I glance back at my wreckage - the remains of a peeling truck wrapped unceremoniously around a stout oak.

I float for moments as my ghostly presence draws substance from the trees, the asphalt, and even the air; both solid and insubstantial fragments of reality lend me their form and weight. The identity of all that surrounds me is broken down, shattered and beaten into minute fragments of wispy obsidian which are drawn in by the weight of my mind and eventually fall into place as a body. I look down at the smoky semblance of a human form which seems both familiar and somehow comforting.

Now, I am alone. My limbs and my glassy, warped work clothes and my vision make up the whole of existence. There is a flat surface beneath me, a plain geometry on which to stand, but it has no physical definition. 

A something floats to me on a chill that is not wind - for there is no air. The something is a sound. It is a shrill, high, cold music that sings of age and of clarity, of things that have always been and of things that graced the world for only a short time. The song is Death.

I reach out to grasp at the tinny melody and find my fingers wrapping around something more real and solid than myself. Its torso is high and slender, a glossy pole of some gnarled wood predating all I’ve ever known. Its sickle head is of otherworldly silver, its light damning and alien in the cold outworld of this afterlife. I watch as the light shatters against the razor blade of the scythe and bounces back straight through the shifting black crystal of my body.

The nothingness around me deepens and darkens. I stand still for moments and minutes and hours, grasping my blade tight as the universe changes and begins to fester. An unnatural humidity sticks to the black glass core that would have once been my bones, and a sea of shadows forms around me. Eventually, I stand on an island of absence. Stretching out for an eternity in all directions is the sticky, fragrant sea which now begins to roil and whisper to me.

glut and drown and feed

it begs of me. I let the scythe drop hard, rapping it firmly against the solidity beneath my feet, and the ocean shrieks, receding backward. 

A glowing wire of white calls to me at the edge of everything, far beyond this shore of the writhing sea and its deep, ugly denizens. I step forward, ready to meet with it.
