Three large palm trees swayed in the arid breeze, coconuts ripe for the picking.  Several small, scrubby bushes were scattered around the deep blue pool of water's edge.  The white hot light of the sun shone down, warming the water pleasantly and caused the surrounding, endless sands to heat.  I myself lingered at the bottom of the pool, relaxing and waiting.  Time was nothing to one such as myself.

For as long as any Mortal as been alive, the Great Desert Zedehre was mine.  Those that wished to travel from kingdom to kingdom did so at my pleasure.  In my younger years I would personally appear to torment unwary travelers, a nearly invisible streak of blue flying high in the sky.  Oftentimes a quick bolt of my lightning breath weapon would send even the bravest fighters fleeing, leaving plenty of treasures behind for me to add to my hoard.  These days, this old wyrm prefers the silent offerings that are collected by one of my many Kolbold or Orc slaves from those rich enough to afford my fees.  For many centuries it has been this way.  Humanoids leave me be, and I stay in my lair counting my gems and admiring my jewels.  They know better than to interfere with Wyrvexxum, the Great Blue Dragon.  That is, until today.

*****

After weeks of reports of a war ongoing between the Kingdom of Alton and what sounded like invaders from a place far from my desert, I watched through my scryers' font a lone Human leave in the middle of the night on camelback.  So unprecedented was action; it had been ages since anyone had attempted to cross my desert without payment, let alone without an entourage.  Curious, I allowed him to approach, and he reached my oasis by dawn.  I met him myself, using my preferred polymorphed form of a simple yet stunning Human mage in a fine blue robe.

As the armored intruder approached I could smell the coppery aroma of blood and death upon him.  Whatever he had endured to get here, it hadn’t been easy.  Upon his back was strapped a small bundle.  Perhaps he was here to deliver tribute directly.  How interesting.  I greeted him with a nod, his camel practically collapsing as he dismounted, staggering slightly.

“P-please…Servant of Lord Wyrvexxum.  I would speak to the Mighty One myself…I must….beg a favour of him…” the Human coughed feebly as he shifted his small bundle from his back to his arms gently.  Small splatters of blood fell from him to my pristine desert sand.  I frowned slightly.

“And why should the Great One deign to speak with a mere Human?”  I sneered.

“I am Sir Luuthar, and I…I have Alton’s most precious treasure to offer him,” the knight coughed again, and reverently clutched the bundle to his chest.  “I…I cannot….I do not have much time left to me.  I barely escaped with my life, but…”  Sir Luuthar sunk to his knees.  I strode forward, and I knew it to be true.  Even if I had wished to spend precious magic to help the man, it would make no difference.  His wounds were too severe.  An interesting mix of magic and weapon both.  And so, knowing this I chose to reveal myself.

“What is it that you have to offer me that you spend your remaining worldly moments to bring?  What could possibly be worth that to you?”  I was genuinely curious.  This was something unlike I had ever experienced.

Sir Luuthar took one last look at the bundle, his expression full of sorrow and regret and…could it be love? before extending his arms out to me.  I reached to receive this prize when whatever was wrapped in the plain brown cotton cloth moved.  I nearly dropped it in my surprise, however the movement caused the cloth to part and I spotted a tiny, pale pink arm.  I pulled the cloth back farther and found an infant Human girl child with a wondrous shock of periwinkle hair!

I locked eyes with Sir Luuthar for the last time.  “She is the Heir to Alton; The Foretold Princess.  The invaders….they’ve taken over…and they will come for you one day.  She is…the key.  Please…protect her where I cannot…I…”  He glanced once more at the bundle and fell forward, his arm outstretched.
