Most people would be honoured to be asked to compete in the Annual Kill Hitler Competition… most people. However, when an old work colleague of mine met up with me to give me the offer, I found myself falling into a stunned stupor. There was no denying it was a great honour to compete, and I did not doubt, with all my years of time travelling experience, that I would be able to pull it off and actually kill Hitler. The only problem was finding an imaginative way to do it.

What can I say? I’m a boring person. I’m not going to be ashamed of myself for living so simply, but that was how I enjoyed it. The only reason I time traveled was so I could go and enjoy the beautiful architecture of the past. My admiration for European architecture was in fact what inspired me to become a time traveler. You can't capture the majesty of Renaissance France or Victorian London in books and films. It just looks so much better... in the flesh.

I didn’t want to pass the opportunity of being part of the competition, however I didn’t want to make a fool of myself by being so disastrously boring and predictable with my method of kill. 

A spot of luck came, however, in the form of my theme: Psychological Manipulation. 

This caused a figurative light bulb to go off in my head. I figured the best way to kill Hitler without actually killing Hitler was to get close to him, and how to get close to him? Become his friend. Easier said than done…

I travelled to 1919, the year Hitler joined the German Workers Party, the year that would eventually set in motion a Second World War. 

I must be honest, when I first met Adolf Hitler: the optimistic soldier, hell-bent on making his country great, I took a liking to him. He was charismatic, talkative and generally just a nice person. We got on well and soon became rather good friends. I spent so much time with dear Adolf I actually forgot I was there to kill him. That’s when the problems started.

The year was now 1939, the year world war two began. Even thought at this point Adolf Hitler was a repulsive, vile, horrible human being, I stuck by his side. After all I had known the man for twenty years. But I knew I had to kill him at some point, but there was a part of me that simply couldn’t. Adolf was my friend, and I had to murder him… without actually murdering him.

It became easier over the coming weeks to actually do it. Every single conversation I had with the man devolved into him ranting about Jews, Gays, Gypsies and any other sorry soul he put in his camps. Then another light bulb went off, and I knew what to do, I knew how I was going to kill Hitler. 

The first step was moving out of my house in Berlin. I bought a wagon and a strong, young horse that I soon got attached to; I ended up calling him Heinrich. I drove my wagon across Germany, secretly meeting with Jews in hiding. I gave them food and luxuries. For this they were willing to give me anything they supplied, yet I only asked for, only needed, one thing: the gift of faith. That was the second step. I consorted with the enemy of Adolf Hitler, the Jews, and became a Jew myself. And I was proud to be one too. The third and final step to my plan was by far the hardest. I returned to Berlin and stayed with Hitler in the Reichstag. We spent quite a lot of time together and the conversation rarely degraded into one of Adolf’s rants. With every single moment I had with Hitler I employed my third step. I sat close to him, whenever he would tell I joke I’d laugh flirtatiously. Every time he was distraught I would be there for him. We became closer and closer, our personal boundaries became smaller and smaller. Every conversation we had we would gaze into each other’s eyes, although I was only acting. But yet Hitler was not. He was… into me.

I spent a whole year seducing Hitler. Slowly breaking down boundaries and coming ever closer to actually being his partner. And then it happened. In the month of September 1941 Hitler was under a great deal of stress over his attack on Russia. I sat with him as he poured out his emotions and then gazed into my eyes and said, “You know, I can always rely on you my friend. I… I… love you, you know?” 

Well fuck I thought, I’ve only just gone and made Hitler fall in love with me. Sure it was my intention to seduce him but not to make him fall in love with me. But, it got worse. Adolf Hitler then moved in close, puckering up his lips and closing his eyes. He’s not going to do what I think he’s going to do? I thought to myself as Adolf Hitler’s lips met with mine. Yeah, I’m the guy who made out with Adolf Hitler. It still haunts me to this day; I’ll never forget the awful feeling of his toothbrush moustache tickling my upper lip, which almost made me throw up into his mouth. However our ‘love making’ was abruptly stopped when two Nazi officers burst into the room with important news for Hitler. The officers were just as stunned as I was. One of them fainted and the other ran out of the room screaming (at this point Hitler was alerted of the presence of the officers and stopped tongue wrestling with me). The officer rushed back with a senior officer and some guards. “Mein Fuhrer, what is going on here?” asked the senior officer. And Hitler told them, Hitler told them that he was in love with me. We were both taken away to separate jail cells. I was soon rescued by the competition’s security team. As for Hitler, the Nazi’s were enraged with what he had done and sentenced him to be executed by firing squad for having homosexual relations with a Jewish Gypsie. 

And that’s how I won, by turning Hitler gay…

Looking back on it now, wasn’t the best idea I’ve ever had. But hey, at least it was… different.
