*The very act of observation changes the outcome*.

The plaque was framed with wood, the material nearly as priceless as the quote itself, and covered with a thin sheet of plexiglass.  I frowned, leaning back in his chair and staring at it, his finger running along the oak. My face often wore that expression, matching the other inhabitants of my lab.  And the earth, for that matter.

Smiles are rare when existence is uncertain.

It had been twenty years since we'd discovered the aliens, our telescopes pointed far into the night sky until a message was found coded into the stars.  And once we had read it, we had no choice but to respond.  The very act of reading it ensured that.

*You are not alone*

And when they found us, they came in droves- thousands of ships with more cannons than engines, technology beyond anything we had ever seen.  It was Earth they sought, a planet that could host life among the galaxies of barren landscapes.  And they dared not harm earth more than we had harmed her ourselves.

Battles ranged for years, then a decade.  And now, far above as I studied the cells of one of their captured kind, another one was being fought. One I feared would be the final one.  After which, *they* might be studying *my* cells under the microscope.

"We need more power,"  Abigail, my lab assistant, had said when we were first brought the alien samples, "The matter is unlike anything I have ever seen.  Foreign."

She had been right, which we discovered after we brought in the electron microscopes.   *They* weren't made of electrons, neutrons , and protons.  Rather, the very building blocks were different.  And with our instruments, it was like trying to build a Lego sculpture with K'nex.

So we redesigned our equipment.  We made it more powerful, more precise, beyond anything ever created.  And now, I dove into the slide, my breath catching as I slid past layers of existence.

Tissue.

Cells.

Proteins.

Molecules.

Foreign atoms.

Nothingness.

But then, a speck.  A speck that grew as I dialed in, and continued to dive deeper.  One that unfolded, like a tunnel turned inside out, and made itself apparent.

Galaxies, then stars.  And as I zoomed in more, the microscope followed a predestination plan, focusing on one blue and green spec that was a piece of dust among darkness.  Earth.

I bit my lip as I saw the battle that raged above the surface, lasers firing and explosions raging.  And after I showed my assistant Abigail, we realized what had occurred.

"Some say existence itself is curved,"  She said, spreading her arms wide to our team, "That if you continue walking in a straight line forever, you'll end up where you started.  But we discovered something different entirely- if you look down a microscope far enough, you'll end up where you started.  Space bends in upon itself, like a doughnut.  And this comes with an unmistakable power, one we have to use *now*."

She held the plaque for all to see, *The very act of observation changes the outcome*.

"Just the act of observing something on the quantum level changes it.  And now, we have that power.  Just ten minutes ago, Dr. Berliner and I zoomed in on one of their motherships.  Simply by dialing in on it, we made it shake.  And under enough magnification, it cracked.

"Now, " she continued, as the battle from the microscope appeared on a screen behind her,  "It's time to observe.  And change the outcome of humanity forever."

***

By Leo


 



