"Delicious," Robert groaned. "Delicious and delectable," he mumbled to himself. A hallow mantra predicated on the promise of meatballs after a day out with Alice. 

It had been three hours, twenty-two minutes and roughly forty seconds since Robert had agreed to "stop off at IKEA" on the way home from church in exchange for a serving of what he now knew would be utterly underwhelming Swedish meat muffins. 

"Oooh. Dear come look at this sparsam. Wouldn't it just look exquisite over the pantry?" Alice chortled melodically. Either unaware or unperturbed by Robert's obvious repulsion of this colossal suburban nightmare. 

"Honey..." He choked, fighting the urge to break a fyrkantig over his knee (or was it a fyr-kän-tig?). "We don't have a pantry. You know that. I know you know that." 

"We will though. As soon as I get that promotion!" Alice hummed back at him with a tone so serene as to be worse than a scream.. Worse than death.. Worse than IKEA.

There it was again. Alice throwing his lack of ambition back in his face. Was it his fault the city had suddenly shifted away from its green energy initiative? Was he the one who had overseen the unprecedented drop in global oil prices that reinvigorated the dying car trade? Alice seemed to think so. Blubbering on and on about a promotion that hadn't even happened yet. A promotion that would probably never happen. If only he had the balls to call her out on her - 

"Robbie? ROBERT!" Alice huffed. "Uh, yeah. Sorry dear. What is it?" Robert's mind snapped back into reality, and he immediately regretted it. 

"You said you'd behave!" Alice shuttered sternly threw her teeth, which he thought made her look less like a happy, recently married teacher and more like a wolf in heat. 

"I... I am behaving?" Robert retorted, careful not to betray his famous quick wit, he pitied himself internally. 

"Behaving like a twat!" She snapped back. 'Tally up another one for Alice, has to be about 232 - 3 by now,' Robert thought, careful to mask his discomfort with a smile so fake it'd of made a mime laugh. 

"We'll talk about this when we get home" Alice said as she turned toward the check-out line, or as Robert saw it: the finish-line, the end goal, the promised land. He glanced at his watch, nearly four-hours spent in this Scandinavian prison, he thought, before remembering how the narrator of a documentary he watched had actually praised the pleasantries of Sweden's rehabilitation institutes. He then amended his previous analogy to draw similarities between IKEA and a sphincter. 

Satisfied, Robert, a balding thirty-three year-old former environmental analyst built about as poorly as any shelf or dagstrop in the place, shuffled hurriedly after his equally misshapen wife. Finally freed from the tyranny of the fläardfull and the knutstorps, Robert allowed his mind to wander off into his relatively untouched realm of excitement. He could almost taste the grease used to fry IKEA's recently unfrozen delicacies. The trick worked. He couldn't even remember going through the check-out line, though he was confident he'd ended up paying for everything despite his unemployment, as well as his thinly-veiled hatred for anything that required an umlaut to pronounce. 

"Go on then," Alice nodded him toward the food court. Finally calm after her borderline spastic shopping spree. Robert didn't need to be told twice. He exited the scene as if yanked by a cane, a candy cane, his stomach helped him imagine. 

He arrived at the line in seconds flat. Surely breaking any and all land-speed records for men weighing over 200 pounds. "I'll have one serving of meatballs, please" the man in front of Robert quipped. "Sure thing! You'll be order 122. Have a great day! Next up?"

"I'll have the same," Robert gleamed. "Hell, actually make it a double. It's been quite the day. Did you know that the norröra has three 'R's' in it?"

"I'm sorry sir..." The awkward, pimply teen stated with genuine sincerity.

"No problem at all, but I'm telling you it does. Look it up when... if you ever get off!" Robert replied, proud to regain what he considered his clever streak.

"Oh... no sir. I meant I'm sorry, but we're out of meatballs. That man just took the last serving" the boy replied. 

Silence. The type of silence defined by the internal destruction of a man's will to live and the hiss of a pointless frier boiling water out of fun rather than necessity. 

"Honey, what's the matter? We need to be headed out soon or we'll miss the picnic" Alice chimed in from too many yards back to have grasped Robert's immediate desperation. 

"THE PICNIC?!" Robert roared as he turned toward Alice, knocking a tray out of the hands of a dainty girl presumably just hired out of sixth grade. 

"You drag me here for nearly four hours... torturing me with norrvikens and riktig öglas and you have the guts, no... the güts (Robert pronounced the second 'u' slightly more gutturally, unaware of what effect umlauts actually have on the alphabet's most distant vowel) to call me out for taking too much time when I'm not even going to GET MY FUCKING MEATBALLS?!"

The entire IKEA fell silent, a hush fell over the entire food court. The man eating the final batch of meatballs hid himself ingeniously behind the back of his flattened hand. A few of the model dombås hidden in the corner collapsed from the shear anxiety palpably filling the room. Robert wasn't done yet. He had truly snapped. Just like the shoddy appliances produced by a certain Scandinavian appliance store that shall remain nameless, at least in this sentence. He began yelling profanities, starting with the usual suspects, but quickly retreating to words and phrases which taken out of context may not have sounded like insults at all. Terms such as cocker spaniel and dirty spatula. Nearly out of breath, Robert began to realize his words weren't having the impact he intended as he glimpsed his wife, arms crossed, checking her watch amidst his glorious outburst. 

Frantic for a solution, Robert swiped a sauce-covered IKEA catalog conveniently located between the catsup and mustard to keep people from merely stopping off without truly visiting the depths of hell. He opened to a random page and began listing off appliances as if Swedish speakers could understand his devolving outburst as an eloquent plea for freedom, democracy and meatballs. 

"BUMERANG!" He scowled at Alice. "SÖRE! BLÅMES! BLADVASS!" The cool air around him began to shift. Alice caught wind of it as her hair began to lift off the ground, subtly at first, and then all at once, as if commanded by a demented static balloon. 

"DÄENNERIS! TIRYÖNYN! SKANÖR!" Robert continued, unaware that his words had began to throttle the physics of the building. Shelves began to shift. Couches and beds shuffled. People grabbed their Smellengüds, Omars and Fårdrups and ran for the exits. 

Robert paused to look up at Alice, still entranced by the power he seemed to be wielding from the catalog. Had he been less numb, he may have noticed Alice's feet lift off the ground. Instead, he glanced back down at the page and shouted the final word louder than he had all the others, "VÖRHEES!!!"

With that, he too was ripped from the terrestrial body we call earth and pulled into an enclosed atmosphere ripe with the smell of grease and disappointment. Robert let out an inaudible gasp as he watched dozens of other shoppers twirling past him in an ever increasing spiral of Kardåshes and Gurlis. Alice swung by the other way, fiddling with her jacket as she stared out into the abyss above. The roof had been ripped to shreds and a hole blacker than Alice's coffee called to them like a beacon of death. Robert, unsure of what was happening, had no idea what was going on, while nearly everyone else caught-up in the terror prayed for a quick and painless death. 

Instead, Klaas. As hideous a demon as has ever lived. He peered in from the black with eyes somehow blacker than the abyss before them, eyes only highlighted by the blood-red cornea that surrounded them. 

"I AM KLAAS" He bellowed, knocking Alice, Robert, and the rest of the IKEA's pitiable Sunday customers back to the floor. "WHO DARES WAKE ME FROM MY SLUMBER?!"

The rest of the crowd turned in unison toward Robert, who, fortuitously he had thought, had landed near the catalog used to enact the summoning. In a characteristic attempt to fight fire with straw, Robert frantically opened to a random page, scrolled down and slowly stuttered... "Fintorp?"

The Swedish term for bucket. 

Klaas, though obviously unaffected, was temporarily puzzled.
