Burning Man was weird that year. That was when The Korka came, and announced themselves to Humanity.

They were on a survey mission. Having detected our radio transmissions for years before, they knew there was life here.

But they were surprised when they saw the fires. They were drawn to the Playa.

At first, the participants thought that the Korka shuttle was just another Art Car. A freaky looking craft lit up with pretty lights. The Korka themselves were thought to be well costumed and stoned out of their minds. Fascinated with the flames of the final burn.

Turns out that the Korka are fire worshippers. Drawn like moths to flame. Not that they looked like moths. Under their suits they look more like flexible stone. Roughly humanoid in shape.

Without going into all the mumbo jumbo, they eventually learned how to speak basic English, Russian, and Chinese. They came as friends. Everyone at the highest levels had been made aware of the premise of 'To Serve Man'. Turns out the Korka were the real deal. A benevolent species who wanted to help humanity with technology and unlimited energy. No cookbooks to speak of.

To the Korka we were like brothers at first. Any species who wanted to light a fire, a big fire, and dance in front of it were all-right to them.

Of course people started calling them The Burning Men, due to their worship of fire. Once they adapted to our atmosphere, they could be found at any given time out in the desert staring at the sun, you could almost see their rock like skin smoking.

The Burning Man Playa became a hallowed ground for them. The holiest sanctum away from their homeworld.

Nobody could have anticipated what would have happened at the San Bernardino fire the next year.

They were drawn to it. Some say they started it. The leader was there, they were all there walking ahead of the flames as they spread. Some say they were in the flames. One survivor said that the Korka were the flames. 

Then the first firetruck arrived.

More later... have to get back to work....

&#x200B;