Once I was sure that I had suffered nothing more serious than a mild concussion, that the scrapes on my elbows and knees were healing well, I pleaded to be released from the hospital. "No more observation needed!" I had begged the duty doctor, but my pleas fell on deaf ears. 

When they finally deemed me fit to go, when I eventually stumbled back to my dorm room, two full weeks had already passed since my near-death experience. 

The eyewitnesses who had first called for help claimed that they saw a car hit me, before it careened explosively into the side of a building. I heard later that the police believed the driver to be drunk, and that it was a miracle that I had avoided a head-on collision. 

It wasn't a miracle. 

In those eternal seconds, caught as I was like a deer in headlights, I had seen Murphine, clawing at the driver, wresting the steering wheel away, altering the course of the car by critical degrees. Without that intervention... 

I locked the door behind me, and once I was sure I wouldn't be interrupted, I dropped to my knees, and started peeling away the thick electrical tape sealing the closet door. My fingers flew frantically, scrabbling at the tape, heedless of the pain even when a few of my nails snapped. 

The letters flowed out in a torrent, bursting forth like the discarded leaves of autumn. An avalanche of letters, built up for months, from Murphine.

When did things change? I thought, as I sifted through them, trying to arrange them chronologically. I wanted to blame life, blame growing up, those concepts which had little meaning for Murphine. She was my first friend, way back when I had none, but she couldn't understand that I lived in my world, not hers, and I couldn't always be the little boy I was. 

I had to move on. 

And when I got that first letter from her all those months ago, slipped under my closet door, asking if I was adjusting well to college life, and exhorting me to write to her if ever I felt lonely... 

I was so sure I was right. I was confident that I had to tell her I would contact her if I needed, I was certain that by sealing off the closet door, I was cutting myself free from a tether to my childhood. I had nothing but hope and joy in my heart, ready to embrace the brash, uncertain but ultimately exciting vigors of adulthood. 

Murphine's last letter to me, was the day before the accident. 

It was perfectly ordinary, insofar as letters from imaginary friends go. The tone was upbeat, as it always was, but the underlying melancholy was unmistakable. In another lifetime, I would have ignored this letter as well, but for the fact that it was the last of its kind. 

"Eat well! You've been losing weight! Remember, a life is not led if you don't take risks! Tell me more about that girl you seem to have your eye on, next week maybe? Always here for you. Love, Murphine."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 