The latest creature looked akin to a man in a spacesuit, with a few extra limbs and the head missing entirely. Pale white, wrinkled skin bulged grotesquely as it's jointed tentacles attempted to communicate with me.

It's 10 p.m. I'm just a doctor; I should have been home ages ago. But ever since they started coming to Canada, of ALL places, the Prime Minister has decreed for us to be as welcoming as possible. Which means double shifts when necessary. Which is, judging by the amount of crafts entering geosynchronous orbits around Vancouver, Montreal and Toronto, all the time. Canada will not embarrass Humanity by denying these visitors basic decency. 

"Show me on your..Uhh...Arm...Where it hurts," I begin. I thought the bruises were bruises until they started shifting. Sort of like an octopus. I think it's how it speaks.

A basso rumble fills the room, accompanied by the stench of rotting fish.

"Mmm. Stomach trouble?" More bruises appear. "Let's try removing that suit and getting a better look at you." The bruises scintillate and swirl, and the creature releases a sweet aroma as I reach for what appears to be a hatch against one of the arms. A second arm gently brushes my hand, impeding me, but it's easily ignored as the hatch gives.

Frigid, foul smelling fluid reeking of ammonia immediately gushes forth from the rapidly deflating suit, followed by hundreds of little silver fish that begin flopping on the floor, gasping.

"Aaah! OH! Oh - Sorry! I'm so, so very sorry about that! Let me-"

Horrified, I attempt to scoop liquid and fish back into the suit but the "water" is already evaporating. The fish quickly wither and dry as if under a desert sun. leaving silver raisins all over the white tile.

"........."
-------------

"Doctor, your next patient - " A shriek from my receptionist. "He's not waiting anymore. Sorry!"

"Sir," I say, "you'll have to wait a few -" and the words die in my throat. Shoving its way past Lorna, a lumbering...Tarantula-monkey the size of a piano forces itself into the room. The room was barely big enough for the walking aquarium and myself.

Twelve eye clusters gaze into mine as it's furry bulk squeezes me against the far wall. It even closed the door behind itself. Thoughful chap.

"So, how can I help you, Mr..?" I begin my standard line. I've yet to gain a satisfactory response. Silence. The unblinking eye clusters continue to gaze. The creature doesn't move.

A thin proboscis slips from the center of the eye cluster, quests to the floor and begins slurping up the remaining raisins. That's probably a diplomatic issue but I think I'll leave that out of the records. I'm just a doctor. The creature continues to regard me expectantly.

Sigh...


