I was there....I was there when the first of them was unleashed. That old saying of "War never changes" is bullshit. We changed it. Bet your ass we changed it, and now Hell seems like it would be a vacation from what I have to go through every day knowing that I was a part of it, however small a part it was.

4/1/97: Boarder of Kanto 0200 hours.

"Sir, bravo team is ready to move in.." said a relatively new recruit. "Thank you" I said as I went through my MOLLE gear one last time. I didn't like this, not one bit. We had been at civil war now for 7 years, but this job seemed....off. This was the first mission I had ever been a part of that had involved  infiltration of a civilian occupied territory. Sure they had been done, but I was never assigned these. Then word came down that Col. Brock had specifically requested me for this. God....I had't seen him in 5 years...


"Atteeeeeention!!!!!!!!!" I heard as I was just finishing my load out. I snapped to attention and saw him. "At ease soldiers." said Col. Brock as he walked towards me smiling ear to ear. "Lieutenant Ash! fuck me its been a while!" he said. He brushed away my outstretched hand an pulled me in to a bear hug. "No need for formalities man, just call me Ash". "Well then you can just stick with Brock too. Truth be told, I have never been able to get used to be addressed as a title" he said as he walked me towards a gas lamp lit table that his entourage had been piling with various gear, documents, and a sat phone.

"Listen, there has been a change in the mission, that's why I am here. We have an experimental weapons program that is being implemented". "What are you talking about?" I said. "This was supposed to be pretty straight forward. Get into the weapons manufacturing plant, evac civies, Recon and disable".

"I know, I know. Come here, we need to talk in private" He said, leading me towards the folded door of our makeshift canvas headquarters. "Science division has been cooking something up. I don't know much about it, but I do know they want to keep it quiet. First round of Field deployment are to be closely monitored because we aren't 100% sure what to expect" he said as he lead me towards a darker area of camp.

"Oh Jesus H. Christ, what has Oak come up with now. I still remember the battle armor he was trying to get issued. That was a shit show". "Oh this is very different from that.... Civi occupied territories is actually what this was made for".

Just then, a black truck pulling a trailer pulled up. I saw an emblem on the side I had never seen before. Like a triangle that hasn't been completely closed at the bottom right corner with rounded edges. Four men hopped out and quickly went to the trailer and began their load out.

"What is this?" I asked, trying to edge my way closer to get a better look. "Best you not see this Ash" Brock said steering me away. "Ok.....so what is my involvement. What do you need from me and my team?" "Clean up" he said. "Clean up of what?" I asked, getting more and more uneasy.

Just then, the four men came forward. Each of them had 3 round balls, about the size of a softball, attached to their belts. "We are moving in" one of them said, in a monotone that gave me unease. 

The moved towards the edge of the clearing we were camped in. I started to move forward, but Brock stopped me. "Best just let them alone. These guys are.....not to be messed with." he said with a look of trepidation that I had never seen on anyone's face before. Silently, they moved forward into the thicket towards the weapons depot.

4/1/97: 0500 hours

"They should be back by now" Brock said as he paced throughout the command post. "Possible they were compromised?" I asked as I sipped what seemed to be my 40th cup of coffee that night. Just as he was about to answer, a loud thud, like a watermelon being dropped on concrete sounded nearby. I turned to look towards the entrance and saw....well....something I will never forget.

A severed head was rolling towards us. I recognized the face, but never learned their names. "JESUS H CHRIST" Brock shouted backing away. "WHAT THE FUCK". I managed to keep my cool, but only because I was on the verge of a complete mental breakdown. The look in the soldiers eyes was one of complete terror.

"COME IN COMMAND! COME IN!" Brock was shouting in to his sat phone. "WE HAVE A MAJOR FUCKING PROBLEM". Just then the sound of rending metal tore through the pre dawn night. "WEAPONS FREE! WEAPONS FREE!" I shouted to the soldiers of my platoon. The clack clack clack of automatic weapons fire tore through the night, the smell of spent cartridges the perfume of the morning.

I saw something like I had only ever seen in fantasy before. A 7ft dragon like creature unfolded itself from the trailer brought in by Brock and his team. Fire shot into the sky, making it almost like daylight. In the light, I saw several other creatures, though much smaller, carrying off crates that had that same rounded triangle symbol on them. 

"Oh dear god" Brock mumbled. "What has he done?...."

"Exactly what needed to be done Col. Brock" I heard coming from the sat phone still clutched in Brock's hand. "A civil war between two sides has no winner. Time to bring in a third, superior, player".

"OAK YOU SON OF A BITCH WHAT DID YOU DO?!?!?!" Brock screamed into the phone. "I don't care to repeat myself Brock. This silly war ends tonight, and the World will change. Be glad you had a front row seat."

As the sat phone cut off, I suddenly felt all the hair on my body stand on end. A sound like fall leaves crunching underfoot filled the air. "Pika Pika?" I heard from behind me. I turned and saw......well...it was adorable. Like something from my kids Saturday morning cartoons or a video game.  "What th...." I began, but before I could finish..."PIKACHUUUUUUU!!!!" the creature shouted in a voice much to large for its small stature. I felt my whole body clench and spasm uncontrollably. Then everything went dark. 

Then next thing I remember was waking up in this hospital. Looking over to my left, I see the same new recruit from what seems now like a million years ago, burns covering 3/4 of his body. The world has changed. I just hope Brock and I's sons are OK.

War, yeah, it changes.