Mike lived an average life. Woke up on time, worked out, loved his wife, just what you'd expect from someone following the design. The issue for Mike was watching agents come and go as they pleased, surpassing him professionally and getting recognition for things that were quite literally world saving. 

His CIA desk job was "successful" in the sense that everyone was proud of him, he had no financial issues, but short of keeping current with a particular Russian diplomat, he didn't quite matter. For 4 years, agents would come and go asking about Bohrim, the first son of the rebel groups leader, Anatoly. The intel was always spot on, no matter how evasive Bohrim became, however agents always seemed to fail one way or another. And after a couple years, and few honest mistakes, he realized that some of these field agents were incredible. Or immortal. A few messed up coordinates and bad intel briefs later, none of the agents had ever been added to the Remembrance Wall. None had ever been fatally wounded, either the agents weren't experienced enough yet and would get discovered, or the target would escape. The mission was beginning to look futile, and that sort of stagnation was something he could not deal with for another 11 years before retirement.

Mike wanted to live the excitement. He was the brains of the operation and somehow everyone kept butchering the execution. But no longer was that going to be the case.   


"Director, I would like to increase my role within the Red Blue-Tail Operation."  
"Is that what this meeting is about, Agent Rowna?"  
"Yes, sir."  
"I hate to say this, but unfortunately you are wasting both of our times. You know better than anyone that no one has been able to execute this operation properly, and the agents selected come in at freewill, and are not selected by us."  
"I realize this sir, but isn't the success of the mission more important than the personnel?"  
"I'd agree Rowna, but this is not up to me and you know this."  
"But sir..."  
"That's enough. The agents are selected by someone above me, I cannot change that."  
"Understood, Director. Happy New Year."  


Agent Finch had been the most persistent field agent in the ranks. He had the most experience in successful missions, but was never able to complete this capture and extraction objective. He has attempted this mission four times, and the protocol was to never let a mission be repeated by the same individual twice due to detection probability.  With high skill in weapon uses, reconnaissance and social engineering, he could become part of the rebels military force without much effort, but the final hour would always prove to overwhelm him. He came back with battle wounds, that never stopped him from pursuing success. But it was no longer the physical toll that he was concerned about, for the last two months he had spent his free time drinking alone according to our tracking systems. 

If anyone would understand the importance of the mission's success it would be him. That was my ticket out of the cubicle and into Rostov-on-Don, Russia, near Ukraine. The current location of the target. My target. 