I woke up when my head hit the floor. It was pretty jarring, but I managed to gather my wits enough to look around. The...creature dragging me was enormous, probably 10 feet tall, but laying on the floor probably skewed my perspective. It’s skin was a glowing red, like hot metal, but my ankle wasn’t burning in its grip, not even uncomfortably hot, so it’s body temperature was probably about normal. Though, the wickedly pointed horns that stuck out all over its body, including two that were unfortunately close to the leg in its grip. 

But none of that really mattered because I just remembered that I sleep naked and was, in fact, still very much naked.

“Ah, wait, stop! I need to put some clothes on! What the fuck are you doing? Let me go!” 

The ...demon? Looked back for a second, grunted out something about a bet, and continued dragging me along. I really wanted to struggle here, especially since I’m pretty sure I was starting to get carpet burn on my back, but the veritable blades sticking out of it convinced me that was probably a bad idea, at least if I valued my blood staying inside my body. 

I was about to complain again, really I just wanted to at least walk on my own feet, when suddenly most of the hulking beast disappeared. I tried to stand up, but my leg as still very much in the grip of a slowly vanishing arm. It looked like it was just going into the wall, but that made no sense. Really none of this made sense.

Oh. This had to be a dream! I’d never lucid dreamed before, but I guess this is my first. After a few seconds of trying to imagine the room as an ice cream parlor and clothes onto my body, as I was slowly dragged towards the wall (my left leg had thoroughly disappeared up to my calf), I decided it was not a lucid dream. Could still be a dream though, holding out hope for that.

Sitting up, I bodily flung myself at the wall, hoping the shock might wake me up. It did not. Instead I found myself in what appeared to be a room with surprisingly warm marble tiles. Oh and at least 2 more of those demons. Maybe 3, it was hard to tell if that last set of legs was a 4 legged demon or just 2 demons standing very close together.

Sitting up, careful to cover my genitals, I inspected them. It was definitely 3 demons, including the one still holding my leg. Before I could say anything, the two demons to the side spoke up, voices in every unison.

“So they do wear something to cover their fragile skin! Well, that does explain how they seem to only be able to swap colors after they have washed or slept. You win.”

The double demons lifted their arms, some very pretty rocks on their hand, extended towards the very smug demon who was still holding my leg. Lifting me up like an afterthought, they chucked me at the wall. 

My dignity would never recover if I said that I had screamed like a child, but...well I was already naked throughout the entire thing, so it’s in shambles as is. I definitely screamed like the smallest, highest pitched child anyone had the misfortune to hear as I sailed through the wall and bounced off my bed onto the floor. 

Unfortunately, I didn’t hit my head and forget all it. And I was sure it wasn’t a dream either.