The sunlight slipped through the leaves of the willow and the white double hung windows that Ed installed ages ago. 

Elizabeth’s eyes fluttered as she arose from her cold sleep. She found herself as she did every morning, in her striped accent chair with her favorite woven throw that smelled like lavender and wild flowers. Her gray cheeks were now flush with pink and the cold from her fingertips and toes was beginning to fade.

She started with a slow glance around the attic room filled with paintings and pictures of her and Ed, their lives together, and the various souvenirs they kept to remember them by. She found Ed laying in his favorite chair, slumped over, cold and hard, but with a soft smile that she couldn’t help but find endearing.

She folded her blanket and rested it on her chair and walked across the blue sigil towards Ed, reminding herself never to cross it, and kissed him softly on lips. It had to be done, but it was never a chore. 

A small coffee table sat in the corner of the attic room, she remembered Ed surprising her with it after Jerry, their old basset hound, broke it when he found a raccoon in the house. 

On it lay a purple note, she recognized it to be from the same set of notes she purchased from Morning Glory when they went to visit Astoria.

It read,

Liz,

Breakfast is on the table, I restocked the pantry, Laundry is done, Jules is fed and his litter box is clean. 
The tank is full and the beach towels are in the car. Have a great time. I have to be back to work in 6 days, I marked it on the calendar. As always, please lock up. 

I want you to know that I’m always with you. 

I miss you.

Love,
Ed

She laid it down and glanced over at him. Kissed him on the head and ruffled his auburn hair a bit, changed her mind and fixed it up. Maybe he’d forgotten? Elizabeth clung to him and stared at the calendar.

She reached over to grab his strong hands and felt something in it. After unfolding his fingers she found a bracelet of beads with a taped note.

“Got it from a Tibetan monk. Happy Birthday.”

-Ed

She smiled and ruffled his hair again before walking out of the attic room. 

