"The ducks are coming."

"The ducks are coming"

"The ducks are coming"

It was everywhere. All over the news. There were thousands of videos all over the world of people on their deathbed proclaiming that the ducks were coming.

But what on Earth did it mean? Ducks, small, stupid little poultry - coming for what? Some people feared it was the rapture; others took action and went hunting for the bird. Still, the dying, with their last breath, spoke out that the ducks were coming.

World wide panic began. Here in the United States, MREs were distributed and everyone was told to fill their bathtub with water. Preppers smuggly gloated. Guns and bullets could not be kept in stock. Guides on how to make your own  DIY small bomb circled the internet. 

The stores all closed. That's when the riots began. Looting and vandalism all over the USA and the world. Some people were so upset, they took their own lives. There was no where to go, no where to hide; the dead everywhere all spoke of the ducks. 

We did not know what it meant. Surely, it was impending doom?

After a week of the premonitions, it changed. No one spoke of the ducks anymore. Was it over? What the hell had just happened? Everyone was still shook up, not to mention all the damage that occurred when people thought it was the end of the world. 

Then it happened. After a brief moment of a day of silence, the dying spoke again. 

"The ducks are here"

And they were. Outside 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. There were so many ducks, thousands of them in every color. They attacked secret service viciously. And then they spoke... The ducks actually spoke. 

"We ducks demand an audience with the president".

A brave secret service agent, covered in blood asked why.

"This Donald, this President Donald, he has taken our namesake. The name Donald was ours before him. It was with honor that Donald Duck made children laugh. Donald is our name and we have come to take it back for he has sullied our namesake".

"But what will we do without our President?" Asked the same, brave secret service agent.

"Well", said the duck, "that is a predicament. You have Vice President Pence to replace Trump, but rumor is it that the copper pennies will come after him soon."