 

Galloping towards the dangerous lands of the Dragon’s Keep. The brave knight Sir Reginald, the greatest knight of all the land. Road forth towards his prize. A prize not in women or riches. As he laid with more women than slain with his sword. And if had taken another piece of silver, his horse would break. 

His prize was far greater than wealth around. It was *magic*. Magical items gifted by King Richard the twelfth. A man whose riches filled the gap of his honor. Riches in exchange for loyalty. But luckily for him, he’s got a full bank. And equally many friends as gold coins. An old knight and friend to the crown, Markus Erikson, the man who guards prize for over a century now. But today he will move for the man they know as *Sir Reginald*. 

Entering deep into the volcano lands as his horse began to show fear. The hot rocky surface and sulfur clouds lingering above the ground made for quite the warm welcome. Clouds, more like a foggy haze coating the first seven feet of the land. So thick his horse’s hoofs became invisible. An arduous trek that even for the great white stallion. It wasn’t much later that sulfur haze had taken its first victim as the horse buckled to his knees before silently going to sleep. 

Lost in a fog and all directionality as the sulfur clouds trailed above his head. Beginning to grow fearful at the thought of dying here. The knight felt his only way out was through the divine. The same gods which helped him against inevitable odds. Not only prevail in his conquest but releasing three thousand prisoners. They would help him again. He knew. Believed. And thought it true. 

Following the fog as it trailed away from him. Running away across the lands as he looked upon the barren, molten plains he had tried to pass. A sight of endless nothingness. Surely if it wasn’t for the gods, he would have never made it here. But where is *here*? 

Turning around to face the shadows of the room. Keeping a distance from the center where the fire burned and a man sat. A warrior. Knight. His face, on a wall of heroes. Yet he is here, protecting the most valuable. 

Nodding to Sir Reginald, the Knight stood up. His white armor glowing gold of the dim fire that had almost burnt out. “You have come to accept *the* prize,” he said without emotion nor tone. 

“Yes, Sir Erikson, our king has sent me,” he stated with confidence. 

“What did he promise you?” 

“He spoke of four items. The sword of a warrior. Shield of the giants. Boots of the traveler. And spells of the great mage.” 

“You understand that those four items are soul bound.” 

“Yes, I do,” he said, holding a small dagger against the palm of his hand. 

“Then here is your first reward. The boots of the traveler,” he said, placing them beside Sir Reginald sliding his foot in once Erikson turned around. Next were the sword and the shield. 

“Why is it so heavy?” 

“Because you are not bound with them yet,” Sir Erikson said, glancing at the knife. 

Doing what was necessary, Sir Reginald ran the blade across his right palm coated red by the time the knife was across his other palm. 

Then grabbing the sword with his right, shield in the left. He stood to feel his shoes tighten around his feet before realizing Sir Erikson holding the spell book open. 

Spreading the blood across his hand before stamping it into the page leaving behind nothing more than a bloody hand. “Do you happen to know *who* the greatest mage is? Whose book this is?” Sir Erikson slowly closed the book to hold it out. 

“The great mage Solomon?” 

“Close, Betrayus is his name. You know who he is, correct?” he asked in a deceitful voice. 

“No, I do not recall the name,” Sir Reginald answered, grabbing the book. 

“Well, I don’t think you’ll ever forget it,” he said, as a fog swept from the back of the cave taking away all visibility. 

*I wanna kill something*. 

Sir Reginald looked up. In the Elvish Meadows of Dartha. Lush greenery trailing far as the eyes can see. To the horizon in every direction, nothing but grass and a few lingering trees. 

*The Elves do need to die*. 

*No thanks*. 

Looking around at the thought of voices. Familiar voices. Long familiar but there was nobody to speak them. 

Thinking himself to be famished and dehydrated. He found the sun to be directly above him and decided to start walking and hope for the best. 

*Do we have to*? 

He stopped. 

“Who said that?” 

Silence. 

*If I don’t tell you, can we stay here? It’s safe.* 

*Sir Reginald I am your sworn protector.* 

*Hey! That’s my job!* 

*Can you lessers please stop. I’m obviously the protector.* 

Thinking of what hell he was trapped in. Who these voices were inside his head. “How do I make you all stop?” 

*You can’t we’re soul bound, remember?* 

His heart sank. The evil sorcerer had tricked him. Cast a spell on him. Locked him away in his hell for eternity with *the* most annoying items. And thinking, *knowing,* there was only one way out, he drew his blade. It’s tip against his stomach as he slowed down his breathing. Already accepting death over a life of misery, he closed his eyes before creating a distance and lunching forward. 

&#x200B;