Aaaand ...done! 

He said as he dumped the sand down onto the castle, 

“This should do it” he said with a smile as he looked down at his small little creation.

“A sand castle...really? Steve” Said his sister Sam, who was a year older 

“Shut up Sam, it will work,” Steve said 

Steve took a small birthday candle and placed it on the Center of the roof and then took a small lighter and lit the candle 

The two took a few steps back and waited with both excitement, and fear.

“This is stupid” said Sam 

“Will you be quiet?” Said Steve 

Sam rolled her eyes and crossed her arms and continued staring at the castle. 

A couple minutes passed and still nothing had happened. 

Steve was still hopeful but Sam was getting inpatient 

“I swear to god if this thing doesn’t work I will-“ 

“SAM, Calm it”  Steve said 

Suddenly the castle started to shake, bits of sand were crumbling off, Steve’s eyes lit up with excitement and he jumped for joy, 

Sam was shocked and didn’t have a clue how to react 

The castle shook a bit more and then stoped. 

The two froze and then glanced at each other then back at the castle.

Suddenly it began to shake again, and with a small “pop” a little furry creature flew out of the top of the castle and landed in front of it, covered in sand, with the candle on their head, 

“THATS what we were waiting for?” Sam said with a huff 

“AWWWWWWWEEWW ITS ADORABLEEEE” Squealed Steve 

The creature got up and shook the sand off, it had the appearance of a small orange yellow spotted rabbit, 

“Greetings humans” the rabbit said

“Hello! I’m Steve, and this is my sister Sam!” Said Steve 

Sam did a little wave and said hi 

“Well, why do you summon me?” Said the rabbit 

“...well theres a old myth about if you make a temple and-“ 

The rabbit cut Steve off 

“a MYTH?” The rabbit said confused and angrily 

“Well yeah, no one thinks you... things... exist...” Said Sam 

“But we DO exist!” Said the rabbit 

“Yes, we know that” Said Steve 

“So... do you have any special powers?” Said Sam

The rabbit laughed slightly and then tapped his foot on the ground, suddenly, the sand around him started to swirl and lift him up into the air, he was now at face height of the two siblings 

“Oh that’s right... we summoned you with a sand castle” Sam said with a huff and rolled her eyes

“SAM be NICE to our new friend!” Steve said 

“Friend? More like pet” Sam said 

“Excuse ME?” The rabbit said

“Do I LOOK like a PET to you?” The rabbit said 

“Uhh yes...” Sam said 

The rabbit scuffed and turned away and crossed his little paws

“Well maybe I’ll go back to where I came from” The rabbit said 

“Good, do that” Said Sam 

“NO” Said Steve 

But it was too late, the rabbit had jumped back into the castle 

“IM NOT LETTING YOU GET AWAY” Steve said 

“Steve no!” Said Sam 

Steve had jumped after the rabbit into the castle, Sam tried to stop him but she got pulled in too

“You ding-a-Lin, look what you did” Said Sam 

“THIS IS AWESOME” Said Steve 

They all floated down and landed in a giant room

“Is...is this the titanic?” Said Sam 

“It looks like it” Said Steve 

Sam went and looked out a window and gasped at what she saw 

“HOLY SHIT THATS EARTH” Said Sam 

“Sam, don’t swear,” Said Steve

“Steve shut up and look at this” Said Sam 

Steve gasped and fell back

“What the hell?!” Said Steve 

“Yes. This is our ship” said a strange voice 

The two looked up and saw a tall buff bear like creature wearing a top hat, monocle, and moustache 

“Why couldn’t ours look like that” Sam said under her breath 

“What is this place mr bear?” Said Steve 

“This is our ship, SS paws” 

“Of fucking course” Sam said quietly” 

“Sam shush” Said Steve 

The rabbit walked up and dropped his plate of gourmet carrots 

“WHAT ON NOT EARTH ARE YOU TWO DOING HERE” Said the rabbit 

“I don’t want you to leave us mr rabbit” Said Steve 

The rabbit sighed and looked at the two humans who had made their way to their “world” 

“Alright” Said the rabbit 

“YIPPYYYYYY” screamed steve

“Christ steve shut up” Said Sam 

The rabbit put his hand behind his back and then back again and was holding a hand full of sand 

“I’m not gonna ask” Said Sam 

The rabbit dumped the sand on the floor and tapped his foot, the sand swirled and turned into a tube, 

“Hey check that out” Said Steve as he pointed to a tube being created out of fin space air down to earth

“Well come along now young ones” The rabbit said 

“Um I’m not so sure about this, I don’t really like heights and-“ 

Steve cut her off and pushed her down into the tube 

“IM GONNA KILL YOU ^^^^U ^^^^^U ” Said Sam 

Steve laughed and jumped into the tube, the rabbit followed after 

Soon, after the best god (heh) damn slide ~~in~~ out of  this world , and a bit of throwing up, thanks to Sam 

They arrived 

“That was epic!” Said Steve 

“I hate you” Said Sam

“Well, what now” Said the rabbit 

“Ah shit were late for school” Said Sam

“Not to worry darling”, said the rabbit 

“Don’t call me that...” Said Sam with a growl 

The rabbit made another tube appear under the two siblings and they shot off to school 

And as for the rabbit, well, 

He went up to a tree, put his pen and paper away, 

“I guess you can ask me” said the rabbit. 

/u/BLZ333