This is the last stop.

She said, exhausted.

If it's not in there, then we're as good as dead.

She finished, rather calmly.

I wish she hadn't. I had already decided what I'm going to do if we don't find it. As a cynic I was prepared.. to kill everyone on the boat, and myself.

You maybe wondering, how I have the strength to do such a thing. But let me tell you this, I'm not that different from you. Just this morning, I had a job, I had a window side cabin at a nice co-working space in one of those posh part of towns where you can walk up to a Starbucks. In fact if you were to describe me it would be so generic it could have been anyone.

But it all changed when I one wrong choice.

Werewolf! She screamed as the boat rolled downwards as the canal dropped like a roller coaster. Cold water splashed across my face as I squinted to see the huge furry stature eclipsing the afternoon Sun.

I remembered my mission, that's all that gave me courage to move on. I had to bring the sacred animal before it died of the poison so it could be cured. Failing which would end the world as we know it in an unprecedented catastrophe.

We had the help of a healer at first, but she caught a disease on the way and had lost her sanity. Often the healer nun would get into fits of rage and someone would have to punch her unconscious, or she'd risk the safety of everyone.

All we need is the antidote, and the man who has it wants to play the strangest game of cards for me to beat him at. Long story short, all I need is a specific card and everything would be right again.

Quite a stretch right? I mean who could have believed that the fate of the world would depend on a llama. But now was not the time for doubt. The cops had enough of that.

Not everyday do you find a boat full of animals and people going around shooting things. This was national news at the very least.

Will you fucking shoot that thing already?

Her scream often reminded me how Mika was the bravest most assertive women I had ever met. I mean she convinced me to carry out the most bizarre undertaking any man has.

She was truly a leader.

I thought as I raised my shotgun towards the beast.

I thought to myself.

At 9:05 I this morning I left for a normal day of work at the office.

It's now 3:26 PM, my shotgun has 4 rounds left, the llama is throwing up, there's police everywhere, someone's punching the nun and I desperately need to find the seven of clubs.

Today has been a weird day.

Will I make it? I don't know. Will I keep going? Fuck yeah!




