White walls, white floors, white ceilings, white lights, white masks on the faces of doctors and nurses. Everything was some shade of white, with the occasional touch of blue. My current patient lies in her bed before me, breathing slowly. Her chest rose and fell like the tide, slowly but surely, becoming more and more of a labor to keep oxygen flowing into her body. I lay my hand over hers and gently squeeze. My mother, fifty years old, began to die before my eyes. She looked into my eyes, a small smile pulled at her cheeks. I think she wanted me to say something, but my mind was so filled with the thought of “save her” I didn’t notice.

“Save her… save her… save her… god damn it, she’s all that you have left, *save her…*”

“I hope you can forgive me for being so selfish mom, but I don’t think I’m ready to say goodbye. It hurts beyond comprehension to think I would have to continue this life without you so soon.”

Eyes starting to water, she gripped my hand with a sudden newly found fire. She wasn’t afraid. Even as she lay dying, she refused to let her fear consume her in front of her son.

“I love you, mom, you will know peace, even if but for a moment, and then you’ll see me again,” I smiled, lip quivering madly as my eyes filled with tears now. “Do your best for me to relax and take one last big breath for me,”

She turned away, looking straight up at the ceiling now. Her hand released mine. She was gathering every last spark of life. Her eyelids fell over her eyes and she breathed in, deep. Her lungs filled with air, and my hand fell on her heart. I pushed into her chest and then softly breathed in with her.

Her face began to dull. The little color left in her skin was sucked away and her soul left her body. The veins in my arm swelled as her life filled my own body. Her body grew ice cold. I lifted my hand, pulling along a soft green aura with my fingertips. The light stretched further and further as my hand rose higher. Like a rubber band pulled beyond its limit, the light snapped from out of her chest and shot up into my palm. 

All the hairs on my body stood, I coursed with a new electricity. My body vibrated as I interlaced my fingers and gripped my palms together tightly. Hot and bright energy began to illuminate from between my hands and my arms flexed as I fought to contain the raging force within my grasp. I raised the ball of light to my lips and whispered in ancient tongues. The floor and walls now began to rumble softly as my body shook the building.

I looked into my mother’s now lifeless face. With one swift move, I pushed the orb back into her chest. The energy overflowed from me and poured into her. Like a balloon filling with air, her body filled with life, energy, and strength again. I held back my tears as I continued to push more and more life back into her. She gasped, her eyes wide with confusion as she breathed again. Finally, with no more light to pour into her, I slumped against the hospital bed and held onto the siderails to steady myself. My knees buckled, and I collapsed to the floor, resting the back of my head against her bed. 

Suddenly, she flew from the bed, effortlessly, and turned to kneel in front of me, her hands clasped my cheeks and she kissed my forehead.

“My son, to know you would fight to keep me around for just a little longer, is not selfish, it is love, my darling boy,”

We embraced. She would live on. I would not have to say goodbye.

Not just yet.

\*\~\~\*\~\~\*\~\~\*

a quick "just get it down" session. Working on improving my vocabulary and sentence structure.

&#x200B;