Shortcuts were Liam's bread and butter. Be it in exams or playing video games, if there was a shortcut he would find and exploit it. He had never been caught, of course, he flew through his senior education with just shy of perfect grades, Liam had mastered the act of flying close to the line.

When Liam reached his twenties, his body had taken a beating throughout the various shortcuts, mainly avoiding hard work at all costs. Laying prone on a bed was the only manageable way to flatten his stomach and Liam learned the hard way that there were no shortcuts to confidence or physical appearance. 

At least to begin with he thought there was no shortcut. After a calorie filled drinking session, predictably, Liam took yet another shortcut and cut through an alleyway so dark that even the presence of God would not bring light.

The promise of a perfect body, one that even Liam could not tarnish, was given by the simple signature on a scroll and the deposit of crimson. He had made a drunken deal with a stranger and from there he stumbled home.

In the morning Liam was met by not only a skull-splitting headache but a deep gash on his right hand. Standing upright managed to eclipse his head circus. For the first time since he was eighteen, Liam could see his feet. He felt so light that he practically flew to the bathroom. Liam almost called the mirror a liar. Looking at him was a living Adonis. Washboard abs and pecks that could support buildings. Liam was consumed with vanity. 

Liam's perceptions of strength and physique were warped and twisted with the beginning of his new job. A week after his drunken deal he woke to darkness. It was hot and cold at the same time. The first thing he did was to run his hands across his stomach, expecting to be robbed of his finest shortcut. The so desired lumps of muscle were still firmly attached and the comfort he felt was brief. A rectangle of lesser darkness came into view and Liam was hit by rags. His uniform. 

Like most new jobs, Liam had to go through human resources. An aptly named department down here. Most questions were answered with unarguable responses. Liam had signed a contract granting him one wish in exchange for his employment. The human resource lady was stunning, drop-dead gorgeous. She had swatted Liam's complaints like the small flies they were. To his surprise, his incapacitated state was not grounds for tearing up the contract. "Devil Juice" was their word for alcohol, invented by the prince himself with the purpose of make mortals more malleable. 

Liam's job was exercising the demons of hell. Not the career path Liam had chased. But the option seemed a damn lot better than being an inmate. Within the first month, he had been dubbed "S-King". Which either stood for the Shit King or the Shortcut King. Liam worked fifteen-hour shifts in an environment that solely catered for the demons and spent most of those fifteen hours cleaning up demon sweat, which smelled a damn sight worse than human sweat. 

There were no mirrors in hell, no chance for Liam to flaunt his figure. The rags he wore were loose and dirty like they had been found on a car mechanics floor. The last human he had seen was the mouth-watering Brenda from HR, and he had been permitted one visit a year. Frankly, his physique was a joke, the demons he trained made him look like a five-year-old boy. A cruel joke indeed.