Seaweed for the first time in decades.

It looks less dangerous than scores of men painted in white, armed with leer. Here there are more green than brown, more hope than despair. More unconscious laboring for air. More cushion to spare. But they are weed nonetheless.

My father's line built this, reeled it from the shores of salt. My mother's lie stole this, sealed it from my surest assault. My line will end with this, undoubted from *his* jurist exalt.

"Give it away or keep it at bay, you'll have more once you've acceded. Provided you've succeeded with the war."

I have no choice, *he* gave *her* to me. How can I ignore such liability? Even if I helplessly doubt *his* claim on my paternity?

The thoroughfare hosts many destitute with torn garbs and limbs. The cathedral contains hymns. My view dims.

"Sirrah, have we met?" a voice asks, her voice familiar, a reminder of when I stood straight as a pillar of the streets. Her face has no change at all: eyes that depict of spring plains unslaked, nose tilted higher than what she would be, lips as thin as the days of carefree. 

What did she see in me? "No, madam, I believe not," I replied, angling my eyes to meet hers, the overcast sky.

She kissed her teeth. "Your eyes remind me of someone. Someone stolen from me. Stolen from us."

Paper bounded us as it binds me to *her*. It also rounded her family just to her. "A silver for this dreary morning?"

She nodded and began the perfunctory act. A drop from a cloud landed between my eyebrows. It trailed down, beneath my left eye. Her right hand hovered inside the left side of her blue silken dress. "My lord?"

Standing up, I dwarf her. Still, for a moment the images of the past surge forward. Her two guards towered me, their hands reaching for the top of their left hip. My right hand rummages my right pocket like a sea cow munching on seaweed. "This entitles you to all of my estates in the capital," I state as I reveal my fortune.

My prenuptial fortune.

When she had most of it on her hands, I turned away from her. Away from the concentrated fronds of fond bonds.

Toward less weedy company, fewer tea, and more orally quiet cacophony.