"We're here on the scene with legendary rapper, Quest Smoove! Quest, what does this award say about your career?"  Quest thinks for a second and replies: "I'm the best rapper out here, no buddy can touch my skill. I've been #1 for a year, nobody can touch my skill. I got money, hoes, and plenty mo, I ain't even know what to do with this dough." "Al...alright well, the always humble, Quest Smoove. Thank you quest... and congrats again on the award." 

Quest retreats to his getaway apartment in Miami. "Ah, alone at last. Here in my condo having a blast. I think ill take a bubble bath." Quest turns the faucet on, no water. Suddenly an orange beard starts to come out the faucet, followed by a head and body. A small man dressed in green pops out. He says in a tough yet high pitched voice, "Hey quest, big fan, actually not really. Remember our last run in? Well, the rhyming thing was supposed to be a CURSE. You're not supposed to use it for success. That's against the rules. You know how much shit I get back in fucking fairy land? Even the unicorns are laughing at me man.  The fucking unicorns."  Quest looks down at the leprechaun and says, "I don't give a fuck, you're shit out of luck, at first this curse sucked, but now I'm making big bucks, buying nice trucks. So piss off and leave me with my rubber duck."
 
 The leprechaun's eye starts to twitch with rage. Being the clever creature that he is, he strikes a deal "Alright Quest, being the greedy guy you are, I'll give you all the gold in my goddamn mushroom house if you can answer 4 questions for me. If you fail, I'll take back the curse." Quest laughs at the leprechaun, "You must think I'm stupid if you think I'll go for that. You gotta better chance of makin Cupid switch his arrows for a gat.  I already got fat stacks. What if you could get me a girl with a nice rack. Who also has a fat ass. A girl who'll do what I say, no questions asked?" The leprechaun thinks for a minute, but knows he can't be beat. 

"Alright Quest, you're on. First question, name something that rhymes with orange."  Quest has been asked this question before and in no time replies; "what an awful colored door hinge. Who the hell would want to paint it orange?"  "The leprechaun is in disbelief. "Impressive quest, but you got 3 to go. Make a rhyme with silver."  This is a new one for Quest but after a few seconds he says, "damn that's a nice chain. Where'd you get that mayn? That's real silver, the type a dude would kill for."  "That's a sketchy one Quest but I'll give it to you. So tell me, can you do something with month?  Quest starts to sweat, no response comes to his head immediately. He notices his hands are shaking and they can't stop, and his nose, his nose is bleeding! Quest steps out to his living room and falls on the couch, muttering to him self, month, month, month, as his eyes start to close.

"This is Sergeant Rick, base you're gunna wanna send the coroner. We gotta dead one on the couch. We'll try to figure out what happened." The Sergeant walks back into the condo.  "So what do you think went down?" Asked the Sergeants partner. Grey bends down to the coffee table. "Cocaine O.D Morty.  He had to much *belches* booger sugar and now, and now he's dead. He's dead Morty and it's all your *belches louder* fault. He probably, probably was high as a Georgia pine Morty, and he, was probably seeing leprechauns or some shit Morty. I knew this guy was high on something. Always *belches again* rhyming all the time. Goddamnit Morty this is why you don't do drugs Morty.  This is what happens when people don't get Szechuan sauce Morty.  They destroy themselves with *belches quietly* drugs. Now c'mon morty, the McDonald's here gives free nuggets and sauce to cops. Bring your 10 gallon bucket."