[WP] https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4ta560/if_a_burglar_broke_into_my_house_at_night_im_sure/

The burglary was to happen tonight. He had scouted the house, all week. He knew from the Facebook postings that the owners would be away for the weekend. So no one was home. The sky was cloudy so there was no moonlight, and this community has very poorly lit. This would be easy. From his Facebook stalking he knew that they had electronics of all sorts in this house thus why he was targeting them. Giddily he rubbed his hands together.

He arrived just before 9 and parked half a block away. He looked around the street to ascertain that no one was looking or walking about. There was no one. Good, he thought. On to business. He strolled up the street toward the target house and opened the gate, and closed it quietly. As he walked up the steps he noticed a string of forgotten toys on the lawn and pathway. Quite a few, actually. They were noticeable simply because they were placed on the way, blocking the path to the house here and there. 

"This people really should pick up after themselves." he thought. 

Continuing on to the side gate, he knew that he could reach over the gate and open the latch to enter from the side of the house. As he got there he silently raised the latch using his hands. It was much to dark to see so he had to feel around a bit. As he opened the gate, a mountain of toys came tumbling down onto him, causing a huge racket. He froze. Surprised, he had not seen this from the street as it was not visible. 

"Fuck!"he thought. "The f-ing nosy neighbors turned on the light."

He crouched down into a bush hoping they could not see. After a minute, the lights went off. Sighing in relief, he gingerly stepped over the toys, his inner thigh muscle burning because he had to stretch his legs apart. Dammit. This was supposed to be an easy one. Finally over the toys he made his way to the house. He silently slid the patio doors open. And stepped into the house. He quickly turned around and closed the door and curtain in case the neighbors looked out the window again. Finally he was inside. As he turned around to start exploring he took a step forward. Immediately he lost his balance as his toe hit something and he was unable to stop his forward momentum. Tangled up he came crashing down busting his knee on the baby gate placed around the entrance. 

"Fuck!"He thought. "Calm down... Breathe deep."

He tried crawling out of the mess he was in towards a table he could make out in the darkness. As he placed his hand on the ground he felt a searing stab of pain in his hand as he leaned on something sharp. He inhaled sharply as he tried to avoid crying out in pain. He pulled up his hand from the floor. Looking down he saw little black blocks all over the floor. Dazedly he realized that they were Legos. 

"Fucking Legos! Did this people not pick up anything."

He swiped his hand left and right to clear a path for himself and began crawling again. As his knees touch the floor, he felt another stab of pain. Obviously, there were still Legos on the floor. Grimacing he continued on even as the Legos stuck to his knees and hands as he passed. Finally he reached a table. Pulling himself upright. He looked around. He was his the family room. He lost a shoe at the baby gate, but he was unwilling to go back into the mountain of Legos he could make out in the dark. 

Turning toward the room he made his way to the entrance. The first place he would check was the office. Limping slightly he noticed another baby gate on the door into the hallway, shaking his head he tried stepping over the gate. No sooner had his foot touched then ground that his crotch came crashing down onto the gate. This time the yelp of pain escaped his lips. His privates had received the full weight of his body as his leg had slipped due to a toy car on the floor. Bracing himself on the doorframe, tears fell down his face. He could not move, as the waves of pain kept flowing from his privates. 

Finally he was able to stand on his legs. Angered beyond belief he finished stepping over the gate. Boiling with rage he turned kicked the gate. Unfortunately it appeared that this gate was bolted into the wall. And in his anger he forgot he only had one shoe on. Now he had kicked his foot through a plastic gate that was cutting into his skin. As ripped his foot away he felt the blood begin to drip from his foot. 

"Shit!" He thought. "Shit! Shit! Shit!"

He leaned against the wall. His body was in pain in just about every part. And he had only been here less than a few minutes. He needed to get it together. After allowing himself a deep breath to calm himself again he made his way towards the office in the hallway. This was a track home and the layout was the same as all the rest. He knew that the office would be to the left and the kitchen to the right. As he turned left he noticed a baby gate leading to the kitchen. In the dim light of the refrigerator he could make out plastic lids falling out of a shelf just inside the kitchen. Another slipping hazard! But he was onto them now. He would look before  he stepped over any gate now. As he tried the knob to the office, he found it locked. 

Surprised he stepped back. "Why would they lock the office! Money!"He thought. "Yes, jackpot!" He jammed his shoulder against the door trying to force it open. Nothing. Tried again. Nothing, again. Stepping back he lifted a leg to kick the door down. Forgetting the baby gate it the kitchen in his haste, he leaned too far back and went tumbling down hitting his head hard. 

"No way! NO Fucking WAY. This was the third gate he had come across. He had never, ever, been brought down this low. He was a professional. Had been for years! WTF!" He looked around himself. 

The gate had given way as he fell, and his jarring fall had caused a cutting board with a knife on it to slide precariously. The knife glinted in the darkness above. He stared at the sharp knife point as it hung above him. Half in and Half out. He was lucky he realized. If that thing had fallen he would he dead. Slowly as to not cause anymore vibrations, he got up. He pushed the knife away from the edge. He looked at the office door again. Turning to the kitchen knife he decided to use it to open the door. Making short work of it, he quickly jimmied the door open. 

His jaw dropped. He stared at the mess inside. His mind unable to absorb the image in front of him. It was a sewing room! Bolts and bolts of fabric everywhere. Piece of cut cloth  littered the floor. Needles and pushpins on top as well as sewing books. Shelfs full of boxes on the walls. Two mannequin stood in the background staring back at him stoically, unaffected by the mess around them. 

Silently he closed the door and closed his eyes. 

He turned and looked at the stairs. A baby gate secured it. As his eyes traveled up the length, he saw another at the top of the stairs. And yet again he could see more on each bedroom entrance. Objects and toys littered the entire path. His eyes had adjusted to the darkness a few minutes ago. But he was truly seeing the death traps for what they were for the first time. The horrors flashing in his mind terrified him. Him falling down the stairs, him banging his head in the bathroom tub, him tripping and dying by stiletto!  

He paused and considered his options. Was his life worth it? 

Silently, he bent down to righten the baby gate to his right. He locked the door to his left and closed it again. Retracing his steps into the family room he carefully stepped over the gate at the entrance. Again, he made his way to the side patio door. Picking up the baby gate he rightened that one too. Sliding the patio door open and closed, he walked out. Onward to the side gate and again he stepped over the toys. He pushed the gate closed, erasing all signs of of his having ever been in the house. As he turned toward the final gate he looked back. The house was shrouded in darkness. He knew only death awaited him inside this home. The warning had all been there, along the way. He pushed the gate open stepped onto the street. Choosing life.

Edit: corrected crotch. Thanks