The supreme ruler and his men were always punctual about collecting the taxes on time right to the last second. It happened every year on exactly the same date and time. The "Big Collectors" we called them. Nobody was spared. Anybody who tried to escape or forgo the process was immediately sent to the "Correction Centre". Trust me when I say you don't want to know what happened to them. 

M and I paid the taxes too. Until one particularly stressful day when she'd had enough. She stomped over to me and said, "Why do we pay these taxes? What is even the point of this?  What use is it to us when they can't build us proper roads, or take care of us during our illnesses, or reduce crime? I mean, does our tax money exist to fill the pockets of the rich and make them richer? How is it fair?" 

Clearly, she was stressed. She had always been stressed since her husband passed away. Of course, she had learned to cope with the loss, but some days when she missed him a lot - on days like these - she'd get worked up over everything. M was everything to me. We'd found each other when we both were facing difficult times. She had lost her husband, and I had been cheated upon by those I considered closest. She'd been both a mother figure and a friend to me. She'd been there for me in my tough times. I adored her. 

"M", I said. "Should I pour you some wine? It'll help you calm down." Wine was always the answer, no matter what the trouble or question was. She nodded timidly and I threw away the water in a glass near me to fill it with wine. 

As I handed her the glass I joked trying to lighten up her mood, "It's only the gods and the godmen that can avoid taxes, M. People will spend hundreds, thousands on them without a second thought, and the Big Collectors never touch them for fear of divine punishment. I think we should start a religion too. Maybe that'll help us out. What do you say?" 

While I smirked at my own silly ideas, M was already lost in thought and by the looks of it mentally calculating. It seemed like an hour before she gasped and held my arm a little too tightly with a look of epiphany on her face. "But Jes", she said, "we CAN do that. How about we do that?"

"What? What are you talking about M?"

"We can start our own religion and then we'd never have to pay a single dime for taxes"

For a moment I thought she was joking, maybe throwing some of my sass back at me. But one look at her face and I realized she wasn't. And the more I thought about it, the more I realised the plausibility of the plan. We'd actually save lots. We'd probably be richer than the 3 brothers who lived down the street. We'd have to start with a few basics though. A brand new look for both M and I, maybe a flowy robe, a few 'disciples' who'd spread the word about how we were their lord and saviour, and of course a few paragraphs of 'gospels' that talk about happiness and contentment and generosity should do the trick. But we couldn't start our 'religion' here, so close to home where people knew us. We had to start somewhere else. Somewhere people would follow us and our teachings blindly. 

Plans were made and M and I set out to find the perfect town. Our journey obviously didn't go as planned. I don't remember much from what happened, but I remember seeing a lot of blood. It was like a fountain had sprouted from the very Earth we were on. I couldn't tell if it was mine or M's. But I remember her kind face pooled around her own blood. She was struggling to string words together. I heard her feeble attempts as she was trying to say something. Something that sounded like, "We... Go...Jes... Us... "

When I woke up, I was cold. It was like I had been thawed out from under the snow after a long, long winter. I was surrounded by weird people wearing clothes. I could see people running around frantically. Some were speaking into oddly shaped shiny black pieces of metal, and as I paid attention I realised voices coming out of the metal pieces. My eyes searched the room for M who was nowhere to be seen. I tried to focus on what the men and women were speaking into and realized what they spoke wasn't very different from our language. I mean they did look human to me. Nothing alien. 

I couldn't pay attention to what they were saying as I started to drift back into unconsciousness. But I kept hearing these 2 words over and over from every voice I heard. They called it the 'Second Coming'. I guess I'll sleep a while and figure out what they mean. 