It’s time to lay low for a while. I’ve been at this for quite sometime and the end of days is more than a few moons out from here. How I found myself at this bar on the reservation, I’m not quite sure. I reckon this is the last place I’d find anyone with any inkling to my true identity. Actually, I reckoned this is the last place I’d find anyone on a Tuesday night but such is my luck. Someone always wants to shoot some pool. I count a half dozen between two groups… they’ve clearly all been here awhile… probably didn’t even notice me as I came in. All of them hollering and sticking out tongues with each wisecrack and jab: “Auyyyyy!” erupts over and over and I’m not sure what’s so funny but I’m finding myself beginning to chuckle along with the hoots of the six surrounding the billiard tables. No, scratch that- seven all together. He’s small and seemingly been here longer than all the rest. My guess is he’s a permanent fixture. Boney but not frail, the old man had the look of someone with that sinewy strength that only comes from years of hard labor. He certainly looked his best days behind him. Him and his few remaining teeth are no cause for concern. (although, I’m not sure how I missed noticing him when I came in.)
Regardless, It’s time to relax. My current streak, my confirmed kill count to date is now healthily into the triple digits. Its not something to brag about really. The quality of the superhero has simply gone tumbling down hill now that everyone has a team, league, or squad. None of them pull their own weight anymore. oh how the mighty have fallen. 

“whisky’jack.”

I whirl around stunned. It’s the old man. 

“that some kinda drink? ” I reply 

The old man’s eyes narrow behind his long stringy grey and black hair that sticks in spots to his forehead, his cheekbones. The black leather vest he’s wearing quietly creaks under tension as he twists away from the bar to face me. 

Unsettling black hollow eyes lock to mine. 

He doesn’t know how much danger he’s in. 

“whiskey’jack” he repeats. 

“aye, and I’ve got a drink here already, I’ve been nursing this beer all night, what do you want from me old man?” 

I’ve about had it and this won’t be pretty. 

“I want to know why it is you’ve come here, he who nurses a beer all night”

I nearly spit out my drink through my nose. 

“I beg your pardon?”

“We wish to know why it is you’ve come here, he who nurses a beer all night and now begs a pardon.”

Our gaze still locked, I sense a kindness about him… unsettling at first- he’s an enigma. I can’t read his mind. I can’t read his soul. Each psychic probe... they aren’t being reflected, blocked, or even met with any sort of resistance. As if there is only absence where there should be presence. Reaching out for a rung that just isn’t there. Like bracing and pushing against a door only to fall right through the frame and out the other side.

“Our dreams are not for eating”

whoa, okay… how does he know what my powers are? that I erase the memories of my victims, crippling them mentally. does he know? or is he just a crazy old man? If he was just a crazy old man, he’d be a blubbering mess on the floor right now. I need to buy some time, I need to find some sort of foothold in his mind so I can be done with him and away from here. 

“Listen, “ I try to stall before he cuts me off.

“belonging to this place are we, though a different realm whence we are lowered. claimed to this land you are not… “

As I glance around to the others, I notice that appearances have not kept up. 6 sets of telescopic eyes are glaring at me, complete with 6 pairs of snowy horns and razor sharp talons, as though todays the day that hell actually froze over.

“…The good beings is that which we are. bodies to experience this physical realm were we fashioned and dreams are we from a slumber in the spheres above. claimed to this land you are not. belonging you are not…”

well, shit…

“why are you here ? claimed by the land you will be.” 
