#GET TO SAFETY

The words flashed like a house fire under my eyelids, burning my dreams to wisps. I bolted upright, breathing hard, looking about wildly. Other than the mumbles and snores of sleeping children, and distant rumbling of an oncoming storm, the night seemed at peace.

Yet, I couldn't dispel the uneasy feeling that had settled over me. Those words that occupied their own little corner of my vision had never exactly been wrong or right. They didn't tell me what would happen, only what I should do. "Pay the milkman" or "scrub the chimney" had saved me from a few lashings, but there was now a marked difference.

They'd usually been a benign green, like the crown of a tree in the birth of summer, rather than a pulsing, angry red.

"Wake up," I said harshly, jumping off the bed and hurrying to the cupboard. Through the window I looked; twinkling stars winked back at me, suspended over a dark countryside of rolling hills and plains, dotted with farmhouses. A pink glow was spreading over the horizon; had dawn come already? I felt as if I'd just gone to bed.

"Up!" I called, tossing an empty knapsack onto the nearest bed. My brother Pete grumbled, rolled over. I reached over and slapped his toes.

"What?" he growled, sitting up. He was a year younger, and everyone loved telling us that we couldn't possibly be brothers. He had long, curly hair that fell all over his forehead; I kept my to a close shave. He was angular; I, round. He loved gardening, while I went on long hikes and chased rabbits. Pete was full of emotion, and life, they liked to say, then add that a statue would cry before I did. Yet there was one similarity nobody could deny: we were both at the bottom our years at school.

"Go wake mother and father," I said.

"Why? Abram, it's the middle of the n--" He was cut off by a yawn.

"Sally! I need you to take the twins. Now!"

My elder sister rubbed her eyes, all so she could glare at me. Three boys had courted her, and all three had been scared off by her temper eventually. I knew she would flay me with her words if given the chance, so I quickly said, "It's an emergency!"

"Is our house on fire or something?" Pete said on his way past. "'Cause the only thing I smell is your crappy joke."

Sally had scooped up Sandra and Sandy; the girls were still asleep. While she carried them out, I finished shoving some spare blankets into a second bag, then hoisted one over each shoulder.

The rest of the family had gathered outside my parents' room, under the stuffed moose head that was father's greatest trophy. He now stood in his pajamas, ringed by his children, looking distinctly irritated.

"Abram ..." he said in a warning tone.

"The words told me to run," I said.

His gaze changed from one of challenge to worry. Mother appeared a moment later, fastening a jacket over her dressing gown, and he wrapped an arm around her as we hurried out of the house. I parceled out blankets and cloaks as we went, trying my best to ignore the flashing warning.

Struck by the cold night air, the twins woke up and began complaining. "What happen?" Sandy cried.

Mother took over Sandra from Sally, shushing her. I led the way down the dirt road, past the barn with all the sleeping animals inside, past the cornfields, past the fish pond. I started to feel silly, even a bit guilty; was I imagining things? What if I'd over-reacted? The words were behaving strangely, after all--I'd never really questioned them, since they were so convenient, but I couldn't control them.

I glanced over my shoulder to check on my family, and that was when I realized the sky seemed to be ablaze. Red and orange fought one another in the distance, broken by columns of smoke. The sight made me falter, and my family stopped as well.

"What's that?" Pete said, pointing.

A black speck seemed to be gliding in the air, in our general direction. It was joined by several others, spread out behind it in a rough triangular formation.

Father grabbed Sandy from Sally's arms, then shoved Pete on the shoulder. "Run!"

We tore down the road, twins screaming, mother praying between breaths. I glanced back, just in time to see that, as the first plane flew over the Ruthers' farm, something plummeted from beneath it.

Then the farm exploded into a fireball.

A scream tore its way from my throat as we hurtled off the road, into our orchard. There, father gathered everyone into a small trench he'd dug last year but not filled, and we hunched into it. The words suddenly shifted, becoming "stay".

"We're safe, I think," I said.

My family nodded, lips tight. We watched as the planes grew closer; more explosions in the distance as farms, homes, and neighbors were destroyed. The night seemed almost like day, fires clawing at the sky, and the wind carried soot into our nostrils. Were those ... screams? I jammed my fingers into my ears. We were all waiting, I knew, just counting down the seconds ...

Though we'd been expecting it, the destruction of our house took us by surprise. There was a shrill whistling, then a bright bloom of flame that consumed everything we'd had. Mother and Sally clutched each other, crying; father's expression could have chipped steel. The twins, however, just stared dully. I covered their eyes, wishing someone could do the same for me.

***

By the time our farm had been burned to its foundations, my family had given in to exhaustion once more. I couldn't sleep, however. My brain was racing--who had done this? Who could have gone to war with us? Why?

Why target innocent farmers?

As I sat in the trench with my feet up against my chest, listening to my family sleep, and the songs of oblivious birds, while the horizon brightened--real sunlight this time--I realized I had to do something. My brain was going to drive me crazy otherwise. I climbed out of the trench and trekked toward the house, figuring to salvage anything I could.

The words showed up again. "Stay".

"No," I muttered to myself. "I need to help my family."

I broke into a run, irrational rage building at the words. Tell me who did this, I tried to command. But they didn't waver. Stay. Who? Stay.

"No!" I screamed, reaching our yard. Other than some blackened, skeletal timbers, nothing remained. From the ruins of the barn came a sickening smell of charred meat, and I almost retched.

Sinking to my knees, I clawed at burnt soil. In the span of a single night, we'd lost everything.

Then something slammed into the back of my head, knocking me face-first into the ground. I spat dirt and tried to get up, but something thin, cold and hard pressed into my back.

A voice said something, words I didn't understand. Another replied.

In all honesty, bad grades weren't the only things Pete and I shared.

We also never backed down from a fight.

I rolled over and scrambled up. My attackers appeared to be two men, wearing navy blue uniforms and carrying rifles. They appeared surprised that I'd recovered so quickly from the blow, and that bought me a precious second to lunge at the nearest one. My right fist caught him on the chin, while my left dug into his belly. He gasped, staggering back.

Leaving me open to his companion. The other soldier smiled viciously, then opened fire at my chest. At such a close range, he couldn't miss. He didn't. The crack must have echoed for miles.

The bullet tore through my chest; the impact drove me back a step. In my head, I knew I was dead. Yet, I didn't fall over. There wasn't even pain.

The soldier's eyes grew wide, and I followed his gaze. There was a neat hole through my shirt and in my chest, but not a single drop of blood. Instead, some sort of strange, sparking tendril had popped out of the wound.

He stammered something in his language, even as I threw myself at the other soldier. I slammed my head into his nose, then snatched his gun away. The panicking soldier raised his rifle, but I was faster; one had to be, when sniping rabbits. My shot took him in the left eye. Then I swiveled around at his companion and fired; blood sprayed from his throat.

As the sounds of gunfire died away, and the adrenaline drained away, I scuttled back and threw the rifle down. What the hell? I felt at my wound again--still no blood. I didn't even feel winded. Was this related to the words, somehow?

And if so ... what was I?

***

*Thanks for reading! Check out my [sub](Http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more writing!*