“Kebert Xela Simpson?” she asked. 

Ashley was my best friend, had been since we roomed together starting freshman year. We were both engineering/physics majors, and we tried to sign up for the same classes every semester. She was constantly ahead of me and rarely had to study. 

“Yeah…I’d rather not talk about it. My parents thought they were being clever and unique. Instead, I’m doomed to have an average life, no gift of expanded knowledge, no ever-expanding skillset with which to impress others… Nothing. Just me.” 

“Sure, but I mean, you always just told me your name was ‘Bert...I thought that was just short for Albert or something.” 

“I wish…at least I could have some of their brains to share the load…especially when we get into our more technical classes this year.” 

“Right…I can’t imagine having to learn it all brand new. That sucks, for sure, but at least you get to claim all your grades as your own, right? Like, no one can take credit from you for anything!” 

“But how can I be expected to outperform the Bobs, the Julies, the Michaels?! They have super-expansive hive minds, they can break up difficult jobs among the masses and complete anything within hours—days at most.” 

“Sure, I get that. You’re behind the eight ball, and will be, constantly. But I would look at this as a blessing. Seriously, you get to be original and creative, you don’t have thousands of neurons full of rote memory to work off of which means you could very well be the next Tesla or Edison!” 

“Thanks…I suppose. ‘Kebert Xela: Genius Wonder!’”  

Ashley leaned back on the bed and started laughing. Her black hair caught in the light of the window, she had an extraordinary sort of beauty, features stark and prominent like those of a runway model, though she was only 5’ 5” at best. 

“When you make your breakthrough discovery, remember me, okay? You can just note me in your Nobel prize speech as ‘Ashley Prime.’” 

“Right…though it will probably be an Ig Nobel prize for me: Kebert Xela, with her prize-winning study noting that mice prefer cotton over polyester while copulating.” 

“That’s disgusting…like, who actually studies that?” 

“Actually, Ahmed Shafik.” 

“Who—nevermind. Hey, I’m gonna go meet up with the other Ashleys and some of the Brandons to plan Homecoming, wanna come?” 

Homecoming: the ghost of a high school memory dragged kicking and screaming into college. I was always more impressed with the paper mache pineapples and coconuts than I ever was in the homecoming court. 

“No thanks. I appreciate it, but I really need to study for this test in Phys-II. Besides, I’d be a bit of a 13th wheel tagging along.” 

“Twelfth wheel -- one of the Brandons got hired on at his dad’s law firm already. Apparently it’s a work-study program so he can start making money as soon as possible.” 

“Oh no, what ever will Ashley to the Nth do?” 

Ashley let out a mock scream of horror as she closed the door behind herself. 

I began reading our Physics book, creatively titled Physics II, and set about rearranging notes from lectures for the upcoming exam. Thankfully my dad had grown up a tinkerer--by day working in the machine shop for the university and by night fixing old electronics in our garage. He had a screwdriver in my hands before I could write and my first shapes were based on circuit boards and other scraps in the workshop. 

As I was reviewing the chapter on electronic circuits, a massive pain seared across my eyes. It felt like the brightest light has just been laid directly on my iris. I couldn’t see anything, and the pain was causing nausea. I reached for my trashcan as the room began clearing up.

“Christ! What the—“ 

Just as the pain was subsiding, a glowing warmth fell over me. It felt like I was curled up under a giant comforter and reminded me of all the nights my mom read me to sleep. I felt happiness and comfort oozing from all sides. 

This was getting weird. I immediately slipped on my flip flops and a hoodie and ran out hoping the health center was still open. I wasn’t sure what was going on, but I felt like my brain was misfiring. I was worried I would die or worse. 

As I walked into the health center, a cold blast of air hit me. I was overcome with a sudden desire to just cry. 

*What is going on?! Is this hormonal?! Jesus!*

The girl behind the counter was reading the school newspaper. She had the best curls and I made a mental note of coming back when I felt better to ask for some tips. I felt bad for interrupting, especially feeling like I could break out in tears at any second. 

“I need…someone…something. A doctor? Nurse?” 

A clipboard was retrieved and the girl placed some papers on it. She hung it out in the air in between us with a pen saying, “fill this out as completely as possible. Please have a seat somewhere in our lobby. The nurse will be with you shortly.” 

“Will it be long? I’m…I was…I don’t know--feeling like death.” 

“The nurse will be with you shortly. I’m sorry, please have a seat. She should be out soon.” 

With that, the girl went back to her newspaper and left me to fill out my dark secrets for the nurse and all of the medical world to discover. While I was searching Google for my insurance company’s address, the nurse showed up.

“Bert?” 

“Yep, that’s me.” 

“Follow me, please,” she said, guiding me through the door and down a carpeted hall to a small clinical room. It looked like a room untouched by time since the 70s or 80s--decorated in browns and beiges. I pulled myself up onto the medical exam table she motioned to as she took a seat on a rolling stool while reading a file. 

“Ah, I think I know what’s going on here. Let’s run a few simple tests to verify though. Don’t worry, it won’t hurt too much.” She said as her smile had changed from a sterile customer service smile to that a mother might wear if her daughter had just started puberty. 

“So I’m not dying?” 

She laughed, explaining I was not near death and running through a few instructions before she retrieved a bright flashlight and began shining it through my field of vision. 

She then took some ice from a small refrigerator and ran it up and down my arms, neck, and forearm followed by pricking my finger for a small blood sample. I was feeling more irritable through the ice, but the needle made me want to just curl up and cry.

“How do you feel?” 

“Like I could cry for days…what is going on?! It’s like…like—“ 

“Like you’re a baby again?” 

“Yes! Wait, is that--?”

“Yes, I do believe you’re experience the emotions and experiences of a second Kebert Xela being born. Very interesting…and such an odd name! No offense of course, but this is exciting! You get to experience everything from another perspective. This is your first link to someone else!” 

“But I thought it was just knowledge that transferred? Why am I experiencing pain and emotions?” 

“While I’m not sure—we haven’t really don’t a lot of research regarding birth and early childhood—I think, well I mean, we know there’s a tie between memory and our senses. So…I would think that since a child, a newborn, hasn’t learned any letters or words or anything, the only thing he or she could convey would be basic sensory input and emotions tied to them. Congratulations though, you may want to go visit our psychology department. We could probably find out a lot about new births and the mental links we all share. Isn’t this exciting?!” 

“Wait, so, someone else named their child Kebert Xela?!” 
