I always figured the afterlife would be someplace nice, something different from the constant trials and heartaches we experience during life, something like open fields with perfect weather where everyone sang and laughed through perfect bliss. But boy was I wrong.

In many ways this was hell, but different from what you'd expect. There were no fire and brimstone or evil lairs with guys in red panties and pitchforks ready to punish the evil doers...no it was much, much worse. Imagine absolute solitude for not only years, but decades, centuries, millennia; all whilst watching your loved ones come and ago, watching their offspring as they come into being, experiencing love, pain, heartache before eventually passing away. Imagine hundreds of years pass before that family you so loved and endeared where completely alien to you now, without the customs and quirks that made you family in the first place.

And that isn't even the worst part. I was fine with leaving it all behind, we all die someday right? I was fine with crossing over to the afterlife, hell, I was fine with no afterlife at all, willing to cease to exist as long as I knew that my family would be taken care of for the rest of their lives. But not this...anything but this. Meeting my guide, I learned that you're only conscious for as long as people remembered you. I figured that'd take awhile. I was a pretty accomplished athlete, nothing too famous but enough to hold a few commercials here and there, so I figured give me a few decades and I'd be out. However the same family that I so loved and cherished ended up cursing me in the end. After the events of my early demise they had held a pretty large funeral, hailing me as the poster child for the dangers of brain injuries. They had started a movement, carrying on my legacy so that others were more equipped with knowledge so that they didn't commit my same mistakes. They even named a charity after me. 

I was proud of their achievements, but soon grew to hate it, despise it. Here I am 15,000 years later being taught in college campuses and academics all across the galaxy, still reeling from my insufferable solitude, hoping for the day I die...cursed by the love and care by a few who refused to let my memories pass on.

Ironic, right?