"Carly, welcome to the ISS." Mr. Musk said. "This is where you and *all* the other children will be staying for a few weeks. After those few weeks I will give the grand prize to the person who just *inspires* me the most." The day was getting more peculiar by the minute.  "Well, this is amazing and all, " Carly said. "But how are we going to, well, *inspire* you?" "A-HA! This is where I reveal the little details on that paper you all signed *without reading*. Bet you all thought it would be a simple signature's way to gold and glory, eh?"  At this point, Carly and Mr. Musk had caught up with the rest of the group, and those listening had become very interested in knowing what Mr. Musk would say next. "For the next few months, you will all run this here space station-wait for it-*all by yourselves*. Challenging, huh?" He grinned, the way a shark might grin at a tuna sandwich if tuna sandwiches were alive and thrived in the ocean. "B-b-b-but, Mr Musk..." cried a rather rotund child, "We're a group of simple people who have never *been* on a space station, let alone work with it!" "Oh, come now, children. It isn't as frightening as it seems! You see, the only thing you're all afraid of is the fact that you are facing the unknown! The *uncertainty* of what the future might hold! But, if you learn to face your fear, to learn what your fear, the unknown, is... well, then that certain unknown becomes known, and the fear drops like a bloated tick." "Personally, I'm more afraid of knowing that we'll blow up on the ISS stuck with this madman." whispered the rotund boy. Mr. Musk either didn't hear him, or chose not to answer. "Now, children" cried Mr. Musk, waving his cane, "Now for us to...have a *tour*." He sang:"*Come with me, and you'll see- The world of NASA administration!, Keep close or, You just might- Succumb to asphyxiation* (From being sucked out of an airlock-it's quite common, you know)... *We'll begin, with a spin, traveling in-a ship of my creation-Hopefully, we'll get back-to our nation! We hope that you are-real precise, simply keep us in the orbit... Don't you screw this up, you shit. Want to blow us up? There's nothing...to it...*" Unfortunately, as he was swinging his cane around, he hit Carly, who fell onto the rotund boy, knocking him off balance. The rotund boy swung precariously close to an enormous red button with "*SELF DESTRUCT*"  written in bold, comic sans font. Mr Musk quickly grabbed the boy, holding him steady. "Comic sans? Now I know he's crazy." muttered the boy. This infuriated Mr. Musk. "COMIC SANS 4 LIFE BOOOOIIIII!!!" He roared, as he angrily swung his cane. At this point the author of this story realized how tired he was, noting that the time was 10:40 at night, and that he was supposed to be asleep two hours ago. He was pressed to finish the story. "YEET!" was the last thing Carly heard as Mr. Musk smashed his cane into the big red button, ending everyone aboard the ISS, including some random youtube celebrity (Who was cleverly disguised as a safety official) whom everyone would mourn for months to come, completely ignoring the eccentric inventor and the group of elderly people and children with him aside from the occasional (questionable) meme from reddit complaining about this very subject. Satisfied with his work, the author pried his fingers away from the keyboard and tried to sleep...maybe after checking a few more spicy Overwatch memes...