What the fuck happen, where am i, they said it was going to be a nice warm place, heck it is sooo cold, my lubrication can get jammed.
They said to protect john someone, ahh can't remember, 
Anyway, it seems such a wierd name for a person, guess it might not be hard to find.

*After a month*

There I got one name, some John snow, a bastard of Ned stark hmm stark, is he related to Tony stark, well, when I finish my mission here will surely ask Tony about it.
Now off to winterfell, so can start helping poor John.

*After some days*

Fuck fuck fuck, he went to some wall to guard it so that some people don't cross over, hmmm didn't know trump was here too.

*After some more days*

Atlast the wall is here, my god is it big, trump really overdid it this time.
So let me just ask around for John.....
That bastard just doesn't know when to stop, off he went across the wall to explore or something,
What can i do, I have to go after him, fucking mission.

*Some days later*

I think that's John and he is chasing a girl, my god is he this horny... You know men.....
But wait he got captured. Ahh that damn fool.
I have to go after them so as to ensure he isn't harmed.
........

Well that's a big village, and my god their is an actual giant here, the last time I saw one was when I was playing skyrim, ahh those were the days......
.........

John is Chasing the girl again, wtf, they entered a cave now, gotta ensure he is safe...... (Enters the cave) ooh my, free live sex show, now that's worth all this trouble...
.........

Now they going back to the wall, what the fuck man, can't they just decide what to do.
........

Ok, a fight has broken out and the girl is going to pierce John's heart with her arrow, luck I can deflect the arrow a little using my electromagnetic waves.
........

Here comes a war now, those people vs these people, yeah nice, yeah more work for me....
Man o man, I hope this is the end of all the troubles...
.......

Now he is the commander, that's nice, he will not die, I can't wait to tell the people this news, finally my mission is coming to an end, just this last travel and we are done.
.......

What the fuck, are those dead people, why, how, when.....
That white guy is attacking John, I'll use resonance and destroy his sword,.... That was some dramatic effect right there, " the sword exploded when touched by his and it felt like a rain of needles"... Thank God now he is safe from those dead people....
.......

They stabbed him, bloody hell, can't a guy get a decent sleep at night now, what do they expect me to do, stay awake for 24/7, am only half machine for crying out loud.
The only thing that bring him back is, if I use electricity wirelessly for a long time to induce a current through his heart so that his nodes might start working again, it is a long process......
Ahh finally, he is alive, :)))
...
What??!!! They are giving that woman in red credit for the resurrection, Don't they see she is a fraud, yeah you can work your ass off helping them but they can't even say a small thank you in return.
Assholes.

.......


Why is this bastard always up to war, now some Ramsey guy, 
Back to work I guess........

*Sighhhhhhhhhhh*