	
“This city has become too reliant on me.” started Julia. “I think it is the time that the Silver Wolf takes a vacation where I can enjoy myself rather than focus on the petty problems that are throughout this city.” 
	
And that was it, for the first time in her career, the Silver Wolf was going to take a vacation. Throughout the years she has stopped numerous super villains, including the infamous Jolly Jackal, Professor Lazy Cheat and of course, Brain Matter. However, the public had become reliant on her appetite to stop crime. Now it was time for Julia to be herself, and to go have a luxurious vacation where she can finally sit back and relax, she is human too she deserves this right to relaxation.
	
However, it came as a great shock when the Silver Wolf had departed the city. There were very few good guys left, as everyone had relied on the Silver Wolf and decided that the city did not need their participation to keep the city safe since she protected everyone in the city. The criminals no longer had the competition that they were used to, and not having anyone to prevent their crimes took the adrenaline rush out of it so the criminals went rampant for the first couple days, but then they realized that crime just wasn’t as fulfilling as it once was.
	
This trend towards absolute peace had Mayor Maticke thinking. Although this is completely counter-intuitive, she decided that the way to fight crime is to not fight it at all. Professional fighters wouldn’t want to fight if there was no adversary, and this seemed to be true with the criminals in her city. She went on television and proclaimed that the Silver Wolf is now wanted, dead or alive. Anyone who can retrieve her will be awarded a hefty sum of one million dollars. 
	
Julia was listening to the morning news while she was getting dressed in her hotel room when she overheard, “We are getting reports that Mayor Maticke has put a bounty on the Silver Wolf, who has kept her city safe, citing that there has been a massive decrease in the desire to commit crime since her departure.” Julia couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Mayor Maticke, after years of working closely together to stop crime in the city, has turned her back on Julia and now has put a bounty on her head. 
	
Julia thought, “If they don’t want me, I’ll gladly stay here, no reason to force my helpfulness up there. If I ever want to stop crime, I can just continue to low key fight crime down here under a new identity that nobody could connect me to the Silver Wolf. I can become, The Owl.” 
	
And that was that, Julia decided to stay down south where she can enjoy the nicer weather, relax and fight crime when she pleases. This was the life, until Mayor Dabrowski put a bounty on her head when he saw the progress that was being had in Mayor Maticke’s city. Eventually, President Smith announced that with the help of Congress, she has passed a law stating that all superheroes are now outlawed. 
	
Julia saw this news, “I guess it’s time to go to Canada, although there is little crime to solve there…”


Edit: I fixed the formatting I think, just couldn't indent

Thanks for reading! I don't know why the formatting is so weird :(