Sometimes, major events are recorded into one civilization as history, into the next as myth and slowly degrading into legend. It was said that millennia ago, the world nearly shattered apart. The flux of magical energies had begun to tear the planes asunder. A single spell, using immense magic, was able to stabilize the flux. It was thought that the world was saved.

Yet the caster of that spell lay, edging on the brink of death, unconscious on his bed. Life slowly drained from him with each passing second. He had held on by sheer force of will the last few years. His heavily extended lifespan stretched so thin that there was barely anything left. The fire would go out soon.

No one knew whether he had cast any more important spells in his life, though the single spell that held the world together was enough.

\-\-\-

"The readings on this flux are insane. There's no way we can hold it back. You'd need the power of a god and then some."

A man in a white coat screamed at the calm\-faced old man, who was viewing a rampaging magic core and the many wizards who were trying to stabilize the situation with their magic.

"How can you be so calm?"

"I simply accept the inevitable."

"You don't mean?"

The old man turned, a calm but fearful look in his eye. Immediately the man in the white coat slumped to the ground. The greatest magical scholar in the world... and he could think of nothing that could stop this. They were doomed.

\-\-\-

The laughter of children echoed through the night. It had been a great movie. The father watched lovingly as his children trotted along in front of him. And then vanished into thin air, as a bright light shone from below, capturing them. The last sounds he heard were the screams of his children before he too, was devoured by the rampant magical energies.

All throughout the world, cracks began to spread across the ground, opening up to fissures of magic that swallowed everything whole. A world, devoured by itself, slowly falling into ruin. There wasn't even enough time to react, much less report, as billions vanished. No one knew whether it was painful because it was over before anything could be questioned.

\-\-\-

Sometimes, major events are recorded into one civilization as history, into the next as myth and slowly degrading into legend. Two crucial events happened on this world that led to the terra\-forming of the world, a world where everything had been warped by magic. And in the wake of that, we came to exist. Beings composed of pure magical energy. We are Spellborn.