I was born out of nothing, in essence I am a void and I am part of an infinitely larger lack of life. The surface world constantly shifted, through changing perspective sources of light revealed that part of our infinite darkness was for a brief moment, not empty but full. Some chose to leave, finding a portal of their choosing from endless possibilities. 

Wandering the void became, well, boring. Some of us believed that this was our rightfull home, that our pocket of universe had sacred significance. Some of us refused, believing that we had been given a gift: journey to the lands of existence to absorb the light and end the life life that dwelled there to fill our numbers, and quench our thirst for the taste of being. So in one moment out of the unfathomably countable ones that had previously happened I went through. 

Yet out of the quintillion of dimensions we knew made up the scaffolding of the universe this, place, only had three. You, yes you, the human reading this, you cannot even to begin to imagine the agony I feel constantly. Imagine being able to see the endless stream of time and being forced to stay stationary, caught in a state so slow that a single heartbeat of the universe would take an eon. 

Yeah it sucked.

Yet I moved into this world, held back by fractal constraints of light itself. My anger grew, seeking to irradicate all. But through the shades of grey I saw a man. We were no stranger to them. We had heard of their abilities to create more of themselves by simply consuming non-conscious matter and joining miniscule parts of themselves together. They were primitive but existed in the fourth dimension, in some ways they could be more powerful than ourselves. Some took substances that allowed their minimal minds to travel up the the 12th dimention, though this took gradual and dedicated practice, or the consumption of substances at events where humans would congregate to share created combinations of vibrations and their emotional responses to them. We live among them, in every nook and cranny, in every darkness cast, in every abse of light.

We are the shadows. 


