(Part 1)  

&#x200B;

I was fourteen when I found the first one. Living in Alaska, you find little ways to entertain yourself in the warm months, warm being a relative term, but in the cold, long winter, there’s little to do but watch television or play video games. My parents were the frugal type and thought video games rotted your brain, but among the little technology we had on the ranch was a tube television rigged with a flimsy antenna. The thing was ancient; when it was on, you barely needed the space heater because it radiated so much heat. As the pale blue light crept in like the cold, I sat in front of the TV, and turned it over to the local station. Among the reruns of old forgotten films, there would be interspersions of The Joy of Painting. I always found Bob Ross’s cadence comforting, and it quickly became my favorite TV show. I would watch it every chance I got, and even planned my leisure around it, checking the TV Guide to look for show times. He began his episode by showing a squirrel that he was nursing to health, and then moved on to the painting, “A Cold Spring Day”. As the image miraculously took form under his brush, I noticed some similarities. The mountains he painted looked exactly like the ones that were about three-quarters of a mile from our cabin. He began to place trees, and a stream took shape; that was when all doubt left my mind. The image was exactly as I remembered it. When the snow had mostly thawed, I would spend my afternoons out there skipping rocks across that stream. Except, the painting was wrong; there was no third peak.

Months passed. I watched more television, but now with a cautious eye of the man I once found comfort in. Bob was stationed in Alaska, and it’s very possible he came out and visited this area. At the time of his deployment the land was unoccupied, and he may have decided to go for a stroll; we’re not actually too far from where he served. But that inconsistency still stuck out in my mind. Why three peaks? He could have remembered incorrectly, but that picturesque sight is hard to purge from one’s memory. Initially writing it off as a harmless mistake, my curiosity grew until mid-July, when I strapped on my boots and set out.

Three-quarters of a mile doesn’t sound like a far distance; most people walk at least that distance over the course of their day, but on our ranch, where the crags would swallow you whole if you lost your footing, the trek was exhausting. I spent the better part of two hours hiking to the creek. And there before me stood, just as he had painted it, the twin peaks towering over me, their third sibling absent. The ambient temperature still warranted a decent jacket, and this thought rang out in my mind as I realized that the only way to reach those mountains was across the stream. I was a foolish kid, only freshly fourteen after my birthday in April, and hadn’t even thought of what I was to do once I reached the water. The creek ran for about 3 miles in either direction, both of which would take me well off our property, so I decided that I would cross the stream on foot, no fancy planning or rigging, and deal with the consequences later. I found a portion of the creek where I could see the stony bottom all the way across, and I set foot in the water.

The cold enraptured my feet instantly, sending a warm pulse through the rest of my body. The crisp summer air flowed through my nostrils as I deeply inhaled, and trudged forward. The stream was calm, and I had no trouble crossing, though it took me nearly 15 minutes due to the sheer width of the thing. Finally, I was on the other side amidst the evergreen lush that Ross depicted for me months ago. In the haze of the green needles, it was hard to see the mountains, so I discerned a vague direction from what glimpses of grey I could see through the canopy and headed there. It was another hour until I reached the absent peak. The trees gave way to a clearing, the hard, needle-ridden ground gave way to a pebble menagerie. I didn’t know exactly where the ranch ended, but I know this clearing stretched far beyond that. But despite the fear of my parents’ outrage that I had wandered past our ground, I trudged forward, looking for something that I hadn’t even conceived. My eyes scanned the crumbling landscape for any odd fixtures or shapes, and as time slipped into the evening, the sun slowly giving way to the titanic mountains beside me, I saw a glint of light, metallic and yellow, among the matte stones. I scrambled over to it, eagerly seeking my prize. *I found you, Ross!* The thought crept through my head. *I found the secret of the third peak!*

My hands brushed aside small pebbles and tossed some larger stones as I uncovered a tag. It was brass, much to the disappointment of my gold preconception. But it was attached to a steel cord, and after some minor excavation, that cord was discovered to be attached to a small chest. It was a simple contraption, with two hinges in the back and two holes drilled in the front, the steel cord acting as a makeshift lock. The chest was about 2 feet on each side, making it slightly awkward to lift for my small frame, but not impossible. I had found my prize, but Bob had left me one last trial. I had no way of removing this cord, not out in the Alaskan wilderness, the red sun setting over the mountains, casting that familiar orange across the wispy clouds. No, I would need tools. My final task was to return the chest to my home.