Late in a tavern...

"How did you break that Cyclops knee with just one staff hit?... I mean, you don't look flimsy, but you don't look that strong either. Is it a staff of strength?

-Nope, I answered, it's very much just a regular channeling staff"

Tales of my feats had gone far and wide, as the physically strongest necromancer in the region, as dangerous a spell, curse or blight caster as a swordsman, hammer bearer or staff wielder.

"How did you do it then, how can you be so strong?"

The truth was somewhat shameful. I, a competent necromancer, had misfired one of the simplest spell men of my caste should know... On myself.

In a fatal encounter with pest gnolls, I had been physically overpowered, and I last attempt to free myself from the vermin already gnawing on my limbs, I attempted to cast a animate spell on one of their fallen camarades... While holding my wand by its spell end.

I felt the spell bounce through me, heard my bones cackle, saw the gnolls shocked with a mauve flash of light, and jerk away from me, propelled into the air.

Without wanting it, my body stood up, I was scared, I couldn't hold it. I, it, kneeled, and picked up one of the fallen creatures swords.

I leapt, and stabbed a gnoll through.

Blood splashed on my robes, not something I was familiar with back then, it scared me, us necromancers never get this close and personal

My body turned around and I saw the gnolls running away

I was scared and only had one thought in mind.

I needed to get safety

My body sprang in the opposite direction the gnolls where going to, and I ran, and ran and ran for over an hour, nothing I thought capable of... I came to a forest, and to a clear,and finally came to a halt.

I wanted to sit, but my body wanted none of it.

I tried leaving the clearing, but didn't even get to move.

The sun sat over the trees and night came, and I was still immobile.

Slowly, I fell asleep.

I woke up cold, still standing, and hungry.

I thought about yesterdays events

TBC