*Moscow*
*15th March, 1938*
The sun rose bright and strong as the legendary revolutionary was marched into a bare prison yard. His toothless mouth moved endlessly as he waited for his fate. His expressionless face, sturdy as stone, was not allowed to betray his emotions the same way his mouth was not allowed to betray his comrades during his various 'extraordinary interrogation' sessions which he was forced to endure. 

His captors shoved him down on to the floor.

He knew his fate was final.

A nagging voice bound to his subconscious finally broke free, filling his mind with is suppressed emotions. He realised the truth that he had brought this to come, his adamant unflexibility in strategy driving away the most valuable minds and dooming the revolution. The chilled barrel of a rifle nuzzled against his neck was now a soothing liberation. Finally faltering, he began to take solace in one of the various revolutionary songs, croaking his way through the lyrics and using them to bandage his heart.

The bullet was entering his brain as he rubbed his fingers against the one thing he was allowed to keep in his prison; a sacred ring which even the Tsar believed was sanctified. He knew the grievous consequences of his actions, they no longer bothered him as his only desire was to shelter himself from his actions; to correct his error. All was dark as his eyes closed for the final time.



He awoke.
The first thing which he noticed was the lack of anything substantial around him. It was a hole in the world; a void which was in stark contrast to the dreadful prison in which he was interrogated and finally executed.
The second thing he noticed was that in fact he was wrong; there was a luminous being behind him.

"H-hello?" He whimpered.

The luminous creature neglected to respond.

"What is this place?" His voice raised slightly. 

Still no response.

He waited for a few minutes until his patience started wearing thin, until he became aware of the fact his fingers had rubbed against the holy ring. 

"T-take me back; take me back before I made Ulyanov turn Koba away. Please, Genius, allow me to repent for the suffering which I caused." 

Suddenly, all was awash with white as the world started spinning. He blacked out a second time.


*Moscow*
*15th March, 1938*

He was marched to an open yard in a stark gated complex. A rifle was pointed to the back of his head as he was forced onto his knees. He struggled to recall the previous happenings as new memories flooded his mind. 

He remembered the talented revolutionary Josef Dzhugashvili, now known by his pseudonym Stalin. In old times, that pseudonym was instead Koba. He remembered how Vladimir Ilyich 'Lenin' Ulyanov had taken on to this intelligent, political young man, how he had entrusted him with the most important responsibilities. He remembered the famines which were caused by the forced collectivisation which Stalin proposed. Finally, he remembered the treacherous Purges, where old comrades were forced to sign false confessions and were promptly imprisoned and shot. 

A deeper understanding of the futility of struggle was made known to him. The last thought which flitted through Bukharin's mind as the executioner pulled the trigger was; what was the difference between Stalin and the Tsar? 

*Nikolai Bukharin was executed March 15th, 1938. One of the greatest Bolshevik theorists and a most ardent revolutionary, he was betrayed by his political ally Stalin and executed for false crimes.*



