"Sir, we just got triple Aurhorization for a Level 0 Incursion.  Call this number form this phone, and pray that his demands aren't too high."

Axel Gundersson III was handed the authorization codes, signed by the current President Winfrey and three of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as well as the head of NASA.  He frowned, then really *looked* at the person who had handed him this.  Former General Petraeus had come in to Area 51 and handed him this.  The general bowed slightly, before turning and striding off.

Avxel looked at the number.  It was a 24-digit code in a Hexadecimal cipher.  He typed in the code on his keyboard.  The screen and lights flickered, hesitant to accept such a heresy from the input device.  Then, in neon red and yellow the screen flashed its rage.  

**CODE ACCEPTED**

*THE WHITE RABBIT COMES*

*ATTEND!*

Axel stared at the screen, bemused.

The screen flicked back at him.  *KNEEL, YOU FOOL!*

Axel found himself pulled to the floor, prostrate become the coming items.  He looked up, wondering what the hell was going on, and then...clarity.

What he *wasn't* expecting was the three men and two women who came through the screen, before it shattered.  To the far left of him, came the image of Ming Na Wen, appearing as remarkably akin to Agent May from that show he liked.  Stood next to Axel's kneeling form was Gandalf the White.

To Axel's right, stood Keanu Reeves armed to the teeth with small sidearms and four AR-15 rifles, as well as a long trenchcost and some stylish shades.  To his right, a woman in full platemail armor, wielding a fine blade made almost of light.

And immediately in front of him, The Joker.  Not as Axel thought of in the comics he read as a kid - but rather a much more lithe, sinuous snake, wrapped in a suit of madness and circus-horror.

The Joker clapped his hands, and the voice of a psychotic Mark Hammill sounded.  "Let's get this party started, ladies and gentlemen!  We have a world to save, and some FUN to have!"  His maniac cackling led the five new people down the hallway.

Axel breathed again.  "Hail Mary, fulla Grace!"