The sun bore down on Samford's exposed back as he moved through the field. The cornrows were but teenagers, reaching his belt buckle and swaying listlessly in the mild summer breeze. Samford's cleft chin pointed to the sky, allowing his tan face to absorb the warm embrace.

Brent, the proprietor to the plot that Samford walked on, and all the local fields, had ordered his son to investigate the strange sounds coming from plot sixteen. According to Brent, the field *groaned*, and it had been in agony for the last two nights. 

He would have checked it himself if he hadn't abused his body during his youth. Sixteen hour days on this very farm, at the age of fourteen had stunted his growth and made it a battle to get out of bed in the morning. The wheelchair, or as Brent called it "The Rustbucket", was perhaps the most humiliating aspect of his life. He needed help to use the bathroom, but only Samford witnessed that, while everyone else could see that he was bound to an iron symbol of weakness.

Brent should have checked on plot sixteen himself. The sun seduced Samford; it made him both blind and drunk. He walked with open hands, splayed fingers and half-closed eyes. The noises came at night, and he wouldn't hear them. But, Samford could find the source if he just *looked*.

The holes - for there were many - planted themselves amongst the cover of corn. They gaped two-metres in diameter and burrowed to an unknown depth. From above, plot sixteen resembled a college student's bare notice board. And yet, Samford sauntered across the soil with his head angled to the sun. 

Brent would be ashamed. And, he would die because of Samford's acts, his life of grit and pain would end in a swarm that would come three nights from now. The holes would grow and wriggle. The other fields would fall victim, and in turn, join hands to form a giant notice board riddled with pin-holes. 

*PAY ATTENTION.* 

Samford's head snapped left, then right. He cocked an ear. 

*Had he heard me?*

The topless boy shook his head like a wet dog, and with it, sent away the summer afternoon daze. To Samford, he had heard Brent's voice. He rationalised it by thinking that his old man was spying on him. So, he lowered his eyes and moved along plot sixteen like a hungry bloodhound. 

Samford moved in such an unfortunate route that he avoided all sight of the holes. It wasn't his fault. He needed one final nudge.

*LEFT.* 

Samford jolted to a stop. He looked around. A gut instinct stirred, twisted and pulled until Samford saw it. Five meters to his left, he peeled back a row of corn and saw the darkness. 

---

/r/WrittenThought