It's getting harder and harder to sleep lately. The drumming of my heartbeat echoing through my empty room in the dead of night. But I keep my eyes adjusted to the dark and I keep still so my ears can pick up on the slightest movement. It's been months since Carter and I broke up, but he still has the power.

I remember the morning we decided to date; Mom sat me down and went through the warnings that came with dating, but of course I didn't listen. Later that day I caught her worriedly whispering to my dad, and that's when we owned our first gun. 
They installed a padded lock for the door and bars on the windows. Every safely measure they could they installed. 

The lighting of my phone pauses my thoughts and I quickly check the message. It's from Carter and he wants to meet me tomorrow. This is idiotic. I can't do this. But... But I need sleep. I can't keep this constant fear, so if I die tomorrow, I die. I text back "okay."
The next day we meet at a fountain in the middle of town. Carter shows up with a smile on his face back his fingers are twitching nervously. The pit in my stomach keeps growing as he walks closer. 

Gently greeting him, I wait for what he wants to say. 
"So I know you've had a little bit of time to think about our relationship since the break up?" I nod. "I miss you and I think we could work." I look at him in shock. At this point, I have no clue what to do I don't want to offend him, but there is no way I want to get back with after the relationship we had. "I know you  are nervous but I Know we would be great together." I finally tell him "no." 

"Well I didn't want to have to do this," he reaches into his satchel and I grip the fountain while closing my eyes. Why did I agree to come here? There is no where to run, I didnt bring a gun. What is wrong with me?

The feeling of loose paper rests on my hands. Looking up at him questioningly, he nods back to the paper with a half grin on his face. Gingerly I pick it, feeling as though I have been given new life until I read the paper. I inhale sharply, tears stinging my eyes. "Why didn't you tell me had already used your Freedom?" The cool metal of a gun press's into my side. The paper said everything, what gun I used, who I killed, and every other detail that wasn't public knowledge. 

With a sickly grin, Carter peeled the paper away, "So here's what we are going to do. You are going to be mine until I tell you otherwise, got it?" I nod trying to keep in a sob. "And if you tell anyone to use their kill on me, I will put this all over the internet. I wonder how many people would love to know about a young girl who can't defend herself?" 

So now I lay next to my jailer for as long as he sees fit, because I gave away my Freedom. 
