(Have mercy, first writing prompt!)

Death leaned against his desk and thought for a moment, trying to place when and how the hourglass came to find its way under his desk. The date carved into the bottom displayed *1946*, this could be fixed, right? Unfortunately, no, there has never been a case, but the possibility is still very much there, he thinks as he tries to remember what the previous reaper informed him. It's hazy, it's been too long to remember. Something about this meaning the individual was immortal? Hesitantly, he  used his sleeve to wipe the millenia of filth from the hourglass, revealing a soft glow to the now solidified sand- there was no possible way that it would ever flow again, no matter his efforts. 'you've got to be kidding me,' he murmured, confused. 

There was no getting around it or time to ponder what could possibly be happening, he would need to justify this to Life, who surely will be even more confused once this human does not leave her realm like the others. Gathering his scythe, he gave a wave of a hand and stepped through the shadowy rift he summoned, hourglass in hand, the faint light almost giving him a direct path to follow. 

He decided to enter the mortal realm a short distance from where the odd trail would have stopped. Despite the situation, he couldn't help but be curious. Someone *will* be escaping death's grip, as the mortals like to say. His entrance was rather.. peaceful, he noticed fairly surprised. Not many people he visited here lived in the best conditions, just last week he was clearing out the sick in a small, impoverished town that had been struck with a terrible virus. This, though.. it was all nature. Everything around him was vibrant, green,  blooming... full of life. 

Looking around a bit closely as he started on the short journey towards who he now refers to as 'the new immortal', he began to notice the strong presence of Life, it was almost as if he was being drawn in. It didn't take long for him to reach what looked like a cross between a small village and a farm, the soft glow of the spirits dwelling within nature flitting around the small houses dotting the large expanse of land, even stretching back into the forest. 

Lost in the thought of what could possibly be going on, Life appeared next to him, her golden glow warming his bones and lighting his inky black robes ever so slightly. "Isn't it beautiful?" Life asked Death, turning to give him a bright smile. "I suppose," he answered, still looking out over the land. It was still early, the sun was rising, the sky lighting up in soft pink and orange tones almost painted across the sky. "Do you know about this, Life?" Death asked as he pulled the glowing hourglass from his robes, holding it out for her to see. He was met with a loud, hearty laugh. "Of course! Who do you think made it so! Come, you will see why." Life motioned for Death to follow, leading him from house to house before settling on the largest. "Now," Life whispered, turning to death with a very serious face. "You have to promise to be as quiet as possible, and you cannot touch anything." Death thought she was joking, but the look on her face told a different story. He held up his hands, his scythe disappearing in a soft cloud of smoke. "Okay, okay, I promise. You have my word. But what is so important about any of this life? You've only showed me very obviously just houses filled with mixmatched people-" Life held a finger to her lips and passed her body through the building, urging him to follow. 

Death was not prepared for what Life was about to show him. As soon as he passed through the wall of the building behind her, he was met with a dimly lit room, various dogs and cats lying about on the floor and the furniture that seems to belong to them with how easily they take up the space. "I don't see the importance of keeping these beasts-" he could barely finish getting the sentence out before a dog had lifted its head, eyes fixed on Death as its hackles rose. It snarled at him, alerting the other animals in the room of possible danger. Life smiled and reached out, her soft glow soothing the beasts. "This is just a small portion. Just keep following." Life spoke as she began to ascend through the ceiling, smiling down at him. Internally, Death sighed. Hopefully this wouldn't take too long, there was still cleaning to do around the endless expanse of his 'lair' most would call it (he really should tidy up more). The room Life brought him into was empty. "Life, just take me-" Life whipped around to look at him, her patience growing thin as her golden hue flashed a bit more rich compared to her nornal gentle glow. "Just be patient!" She hissed through her teeth, her gold eyes lighting with fire. "I promise you'll understand!" She led him down a short hallway, stopping before a door, her glow suddenly fading almost completely as she put her hand on the doorknob. 


Whispering, she looked back at Death. "We can't scare these ones, they're more vocal than the animals below, and we don't want to disturb the whole house do we?" She whispered as she slowly opened the door, the same glow from the hourglass spilling from the small bed in the middle of the room surrounded by what looked like frilly... boxes? Wait, no, he knows these. They're those small beds for the tiny mortals- "all of these bassinets- there's 15- have something.. familiar inside." Life whispered to death, directing him towards the closest one. Upon looking at the small infant, careful not to get too close. "Why *does* this tiny... thing seem so familiar? Why does this room give off familiar energy, Life?" Death asked, growing wary. 

"You see, the journey between the two of us, Life and Death.. we only interfere at the beginning and at the very end. Don't you think it's time that there was someone... in the middle perhaps?" She said confidently, leading Death to the new immortal. He stood above her, looking over their new.. "partner". She wasn't exaggerated like Life or Death, she looked soft, vulnerable. Her cheeks were pink, her hair a soft, shiny shade of red. Delicate freckles seemingly covered her entirely. It was obvious she became an immortal young in herpreviously mortal life. "You still haven't explained to me why this felt so familiar, Life." Death stated, turning around to face her, the hood of his robe falling in his annoyance at this.. sudden and large change to their balance. 

"This," a soft voice, softer than Life's even, caught Death offguard once more for the morning. "Feels familiar because I take in what you leave behind," the new immortal climbed out of her bed, giving a long yawn and a stretch.  "What you and Life won't touch, Death, is mine." the voice trailed around him, the faint glow growing significantly brighter, the color shifting from a gentle white to a vibrant prismatic rainbow, casting different colors around the room. "Then what name will you go by?" Death inquired, warming up to the idea of having another immortal to ease the burden. Life gave him a knowing smirk.


"Everyone calls me Jessica, I'd like it if you would, too." 






Thanks for reading! Sorry if it's too long, first ever writing prompt!
