She knew she shouldn't to be in this city. This was *his* domain. Five years ago, a man had taken the world hostage with his unnatural abilities. The council of superheroes had agreed to his one demand.

To leave him the fuck alone.

Amy had come because there were things happening. They needed the strongest human on the planet...despite his odd bahaviors. 

He killed people on occasion. Usually telling them to go kill themselves, they listened. His voice is weapon. Just like everything else about the guy.

He called himself Joe. No fancy name and no one really knew where he came from. Best anyone could guess was a lab from a fallen superpower.

At the front of the line at the coffee shop she heard him talking. The barista smiled and went and personally made his coffee, ignoring the rest of the line. She could hear the girl cheerily tell him no charge.

Joe nodded his head silently and turned to walk out of the shop.

He was better looking than the pictures they had on file. The eyes were the same though. Completely black. It was disconcerting to see him in person.

"Joe!" She called out to him and then the entire room of people froze. She looked at the guy in front of her, she wasn't sure he was breathing.

"Relax, I just froze time for everyone. I thought I was pretty clear about visitors. We don't need to have another demonstration do we?" He says this like he is chiding a child for interrupting an adult conversation.

Amy opens her mouth to talk but she has no voice. She stares at Joe like a fish out of water. Her mouth opening and closing but no sound escaping.

"Sorry. Didn't give you permission to talk did I? Anyway, I have been being very good. I have only killed people who were being extremely annoying. I mostly use my powers for free coffee or make someone not be stupid. Honestly, you had better be here to praise my restraint. I didn't even kill my new upstairs neighbor even though they must secretly be elephants."

Amy stared at him dumbly before he sighed, "Look you can now, what do you guys want? This isn't going to be some humanitarian shit again right?"

Amy had read the file, but it did not even touch how eccentric or terrifying he was. Aside from the eyes he looked like some regular guy. She knew she couldn't waste it though.

"There are aliens heading to Earth and we want you to destroy them before they get here." She said the words strongly. She was proud of herself for that. Her ability to fly was a afterthought to what he could do. She didn't even have super strength or anything else mildly useful.

Joe laughed loudly at her statement. He had only done one thing to make people so afraid of him. The extent of his powers was mostly unknown. Even the spies in the city said he rarely used it for anything besides free food and amazing parking.

This man had destroyed the moon to display his power. Now the tides were all gone to hell and the night much darker.

"Do you have a general area and a picture?"

Amy handed him the manilla folder she had brought with her. Her hand only shook slightly. It had been more than once the messenger​ had been murdered. The last one had lived when there had been a hurricane.

He flipped it open in one hand to look at the picture. He smiled. 

"You know those are some particularly nasty aliens. You will probably end up here again. They will come looking for why the ship exploded," he said conversationally. 

She felt like he was staring at her instead of the picture and then snapped his fingers.

He handed her back the file.

"Alright. Check with your people. I made their ship explode."

She is flabbergasted. "That's it?"

He tilts his head at her. She gets a uneasy feeling and wonders what would happen now.

****

Amy arrived back at the council headquarters and went to speak with the members.

She walked into the room and they were already seated at a long table, though some seats were empty.

"Latest reports show the aliens were destroyed. Good work, what was you experience with him? Did he tell you anything?"

Amy sighed, "He destroyed it with the snap of his fingers. He only had one request. That I ask you a question."

She stalls until the member clears his throat.

"Have you heard of the tragedy of Darth Plageuis the Wise?"