Space. Some say it's the vast nothing but to me it's a vacuum hushing the unfathomable destruction of colliding planets and exploding stars, hiding the pulses and waves of energy manifested in spectrums beyond our eyes capacity, existing by dark matter we can not measure. It's the fabric of our universe. 

When I was a child everyone had powers, people could control everything from the weather, crops, to electricity and it was all decided on where you were born. It was almost simultaneously that the 1% of the world decided to buy up land and resources that could be used as birth sites. Children born in diamond mines, and oil fields were sold like companies and traded like stock. Humanity fell into chaos and from the chaos came a faction, a group of people determined to put an end to the abuse of children and put and end to new children being born with powers. 

I was step one.

The rebellion decided that space was the only suitable place to give birth so that the child did not receive any powers and therefore would not be subjected to being treated as a commodity. If successful they could begin a movement of space births and no longer would newborns be torn from their mothers hands.

I was born on the orbital space station 
in may 2065.  

It takes a person almost 18 years to fully understand their powers and for me I wasn't supposed to understand anything since there were no powers. Nothing. In the 18 years of maturation I watched as the only family I knew, the rebellion, be destroyed. Everyone and everything was gone. I was left to watch it all shrink down to a paragraph on a page in a history book that would one day be written about a group of terrorists who dared to challenge the profitable system and world organizations. 

It is may 2170. 

I look back at my life and realize I was the failed solution to a terminal problem. That every child born in a corporation site was my fault for not being there to help, to help let people know there was another option. I am nothing. I am the vacuum of space, the rage of a million exploding suns contained in silence. I grip a pistol in my hand and scribble a signature onto a note for the police to find and close my eyes. The flash can be seen even though my eyes are closed.

It's may 1880.