Steve Mitchell prepares his sleek, form fitting diving suit. He attaches a breathing apparatus to his head and takes the plunge. The water grows darker the further down he finds himself. The minuscule light provided by the specialized flashlight he has attached to the suit, is just enough to find a curious sight. A body attached to a chain with weights on the end. *Poor guy* he thinks. And against his better judgment, he removes the shackles, inch by inch. The body immediately starts floating he grabs onto it, noticing a brief, unusual resistance. Eventually he gets the body to the surface, the sky a dull gray, clouds blotting out the sun.

&#x200B;

He hoists the corpse onboard. He takes off his breathing apparatus, looking at the still corpse. "Strange none of the fish came and chewed you to bits huh." He says to the corpse. He takes a slow walk inside the boat, seeing in the reflection of the glass, the corpse's eyes open. His heart leaps as he looks behind him, the corpse still where it was, but the eyes were not open. Steve goes inside, finds his bed, a thin white sheet and a glorified rock for a pillow. But he sleeps like a baby. He dreams, a chaotic one, images of coffins, crosses, stakes, fangs, a high standing castle, the ocean, men in heavy leather coats looking down upon it.

&#x200B;

He awakes, and heads outside again, the corpse still there, a storm brewing in the distance, but he sees land. He heads right into the storm, the waves picking up as thunder crashes all around him. The boat rocks to one side, but the corpse does not move from its position. Steve finds this to be a stroke of luck, looking on as land gets closer.

&#x200B;

So some time passes, the boat docks. And off he walks, the storm still raging.

"God its like the devil himself has come to earth." he hears a person say, a barely suppressed grin forming. He passes by a man, who glares at him with his arms crossed. The man approaches him.

"Hey, I saw you get off that boat…" the man says.

"Yeah?" he mocks.

"That's my friend's boat, I was supposed to meet him here, his name's Steve Mitchell."

"What do you mean? I'm Steve Mitchell..."

The man and the corpse vanish in the wind. One will never be heard from again, but the other? Who's to say what transpired down in those ocean depths over the millennia, nobody that's truly alive knows. That's for certain.