Father had always told me over and over again not to steal from caravans that pass through the nearest village during the middle of the raining season. I was always told the caravan runners were powerful people who held a lot of wealth and sway with the Warlords. 

However, from the second I laid my eyes on that little black box, I couldn't think of anything other than I had to have it. Although it is no bigger than a finger and has writing on it that few people could even read, there is something about it that looks familiar for some reason. Besides, it's not like many other people can even read what's on the front, and while the box does have a nice glossy look, the merchant probably won't be able to sell it, so I don't see the harm in helping myself. I have a deep suspicion about this box that I want to test for myself.

It's about a half days walk from the village. Even though the elders allow me to enter the village during the day and take part in commerce, the villagers distrust clanless like me, so they force me to live on the outskirts of their patrol routes. But I don't mind, after all, this allows me to be totally independent. 

As I make my way back to my home, I hold the box in my hand and decided to see if the writing would tell me anything about it's purpose.

"Comic Con 2066" Hmm, that must have been an important event that it would be put on the front of this box. 

While I think to myself what incredible things this Comic Con would have held, I am more interested in seeing if it would interact with Dell.

Dell was an even bigger gray box that I believe was once called a computer. I have faint memories of people fighting over one during the chaos leading up to The Fall. I was too young to understand what was going on then, but father told me there was some great war that wiped out everything.

Dell is very smart, but most of the it's games require a connection to something called an internet, but I have yet to find one of those. By the time I get back to my shelter, the sun has almost gone behind the trees and the night creatures are preparing to hunt. It's unwise to be out this late so I decide to spend the rest of the night examining the new box. It looks like my suspicions are confirmed and the black box is able to go into Dell. 

So the black box is called a USB drive and I have the option to see what's inside. Fascinating, so the people of the old world were able to store things in such a small container, how advanced. As I scroll through the contents of the USB, I notice that it's contents are pages from a website called Wikipedia. At first I didn't understand what the pages meant. I could read them but I didn't understand what the contents meant. What in the gods name is a Nintendo why is there so much information about them? 

Then I see the dates and I understand just what I was looking at. I understand just what exactly i have stumbled into. This usb contains information from the old world and not just a small amount. As I keep scrolling I realize there were literally thousands, maybe even millions of pages of information. 

Just how important was this "Comic Con" that would distribute something like this?

It isn't just articles about game companies. There articles containing what could possibly be the entirety of human history: assassinations of powerful emporers that took place thousands of years ago, revolutions that change the entire fate of a nation, creations of inventions that i couldn't even fathom. 

Some of these articles contain information that could turn even the smallest of these clans into the most powerful force in the world. It has crop fertilization, advanced architecture, political philosophy, weapon smithing, black powder... black powder? What the hell is black powder?

....

Oh. Oh my. Yes. Yes this information is going to be very helpful. 
Humans have forgotten the power that knowledge holds. They have gone back to relying on strength and speed like a bunch of savages. 

But I will reintroduce it to them. 

-Memoirs of Alexander the Conqueror, First Emperor of the New American Empire.