I raise my wife's body up into my arms then after tossing her into the air, I catch her on my right shoulder into a superman. However, she goes limp because she is dead. This was how we used to wake each other up in the morning so we could shake off the drowsiness. Now it feels like I'm trying to keep the rigor mortis from kicking in. I adjust my wife on my shoulder then go do my morning routine of washing up and cooking breakfast.

A lot of people would probably say we are crazy. That we should move on. That doing black magic on a corpse is evil. Well I say poohey to that. Until someone experiences loss of a loved one and then is given the chance by a random samaritan to bring them back, then I am not accepting any judgement. Sure, it felt weird at first to sling my wife on me like a shoulder cape while I brushed my teeth and talked to her. But now having conversations with a dead body is totally natural.

“Claire you remember our student that you found at that burlesque right? Well two days ago he put down on his test, I’m sorry for dancing so close to your wife.“ I brush my teeth for a bit then spit out the toothpaste while I let my wife talk. “Maybe he thinks I'm mad because I'm tough on him. But I don't give a care. I can dance circles around him.”  The water from the faucet runs the toothpaste into the hole. With my wife this close I could smell the Eau So Sexy perfume she put on before my resurrection last night. She also has on a revealing, black dress. I kiss her in appreciation for trying to seduce me. Then I wash off the clown makeup she put on me before she died for the day.

We could leave each other in bed all day to rot, but after discussing it we both decided that wasn't romantic enough. So we try to include the other person in on our daily activities. Yesterday apparently was makeup day. Today I think I will dress her up and go to the movies. I know I definitely don't have Claire's gift of making costumes, but a trench coat and a fedora can get you a long way. Not only do we do that, we also leave notes for each other at our kitchen table.

That's where it sat on our small, round table held up by our flower vase. Dear Leon written in red, her favorite color. This is how we discuss things with each other. We also write all about our days in these letters to. Most of it consists of work we need to do for our classes we teach at college. Some sexy talk and sometimes pictures of what we did today. I am certainly curious what pictures she had of me in clown makeup. I open the letter and see something I didn't expect
 
 Leon, this is urgent. My death wasn't an accident like we thought.

Huh
