As Stuart wiped down the last of the tables that night, the news was still on in the background. Most nights the TV would be switched off as soon as the last diner had left. Hiroki the owner, had taken to becoming a 'greener' person in a big way. Tonight was not most nights however and the TV remained on. 

TV News Reporter: "We have an update for you now live from Haiphong, Vietnam with our reporter, Gabriella Garcia, where Typhoon Mireu will imminently be making landfall."

Both Hiroki and Stuart stopped what they were doing and shot their glances up towards the TV. Everyone had been following the news that day hoping that one of the biggest storms in history, would not make landfall, alas that was not to be.

TV Reporter: "Gabriella, what can you tell us of the situation on the ground, how are the shelters holding up and what progress has been made with the evacuation effort?"

The picture turned to Gabriella, who was being pummelled by wind and rain and looked as though she may be swept away at any second.

"Lisa, I hope you can hear me ok.. the situation is dire, we are not far from shelter B which has been set up at Lach Tray Stadium but people are having a hard time making it there. As you can see the conditions are treacherous and the army is out in full force. The authorities are already reporting mass casualties with flooding and major destruction to buildings and bridges. We've had confirmation of a number of bridge collapses with people still trying to cross over the debris where possible. The conditions are only set to get worse.. hold on I'm going to try to speak with someone.."

She called out to a man who was very clearly distraught and appeared to be looking around for someone.

"Hello, excuse me sir can we speak with you brief.."

"My wife!" Shouted the man before she could finish.

"I can't find my wife she was just with me and I can't find her!" 

Gabriella tried to calm him down "Sir it's ok I'm sure she'll head to the shelter, please go.."

"No she is not well she doesn't know..." And before she could say anything else, he had run off in desperation.

"I'm sorry Lisa, I don't think we'll be able to speak with anyone else..."

And then Stuart saw her.. his heart which was racing already, began thumping in his chest, he felt a hot flushing sensation running through his neck and face.

As Gabriella continued to speak, a woman had appeared in the background, she was clearly upset but wasn't trying to get to a shelter, it seemed strange she was just standing there as if none of it mattered. 

"Excuse me Ms. are you ok? Do you need any help?" Shouted Gabriella.

There was no reply from the woman.

"Ms. Can we help you get to the shelter? We have a truck.. We can help you get to safety..."

The woman finally appeared to acknowledge Gabriella's questions and her lost gaze came slowly up to look at her.

"My father.. he's gone."

"Ms. I'm sure he is at the shelter, you have to get down there too"

"No" she shouted back "he's gone forever and I'll never see him again... never again.." And with that she broke down in tears. She was ushered to one of the camera crew who put a blanket around her and escorted her off camera.

"Harrowing is the only word that comes to mind, a woman who has just lost her father and now must mourn her loss in conditions that can only be described as hell on Earth.."

In that moment, there was an almighty groan of metal twisting and contorting, followed by screams and shouting as whatever the camera crew had been sheltering under gave way and began to collapse. 

The picture went dead.

Hiroki turned toward Stuart and saw the expression on his face, he could see that it had hit him hard but couldn't fully understand why.

"Oh my God" Stuart finally uttered.

"That was her"

Hiroki gave Stuart a confused stare.

"Who was who?" He replied

"That was my soul mate.. she was my soul mate, the woman they just helped!" He shouted without realising.

"Stuart, what are you talking about, you mean that's someone you saw through her eyes, your soul mates eyes I mean. She couldn't have been your soul mate, you don't get to see your own soul mate!"

"I know, I know, but during my last psycho-shift when I saw through my soul mates eyes, I saw her helping an elderly man into a car and as she closed the door and waved goodbye I saw her.. I mean I saw her reflection, the most beautiful woman my eyes have never seen. I could never forget her face!"

"Oh my.." Hiroki stopped short. 

"I'm so sorry Stu.."

Silence fell between them, both men in quiet contemplation.

They both gazed at the TV which had now cut back to the internal news team who were frantically trying to get back in contact with their correspondent.

Stuart's head slowly dropped, the anguish and longing of a love that would never be, clearly evident on his face.

"I don't know what to say Stu..." Hiroki quietly said. 

"I'm sorry for your loss" he added, trying to quell Stuart's pain. But Stuart's mind was thousands of miles away, and he barely registered Hiroki's remark. 

There was silence for a while as Hiroki tried to gauge the thoughts that may have be running through Stuart's head. He would have fallen far short with any guesses he could have made.

Suddenly the look on Stuart's face changed from that of a person lost in a dark internal abyss to a look of sudden realisation of what they must do next.

"It's not over!" Stuart, was shouting again, a new found energy spurring him on.

"Eh" replied Hiroki

"Surely you don't mean.." Hiroki added.

"Look, ever since that psycho-shift, I've counted myself as one of the luckiest people alive. I thought of the countless millions who would go through life never even seeing their soul mate because of where they were born in the world, their circumstances always holding them back. I got to see mine that day and even though my heart ached to see her again, I was happy that I'd glimpsed her beauty." 

Hiroki knew where Stuart was going with this and he listened contently with a look in his eye only someone that had loved and lost, would know.

"But now after seeing her like this, in need of help, in need of someone to take the hurt away.... she needs me.. I need her!" Stuart confessed.

Hiroki looked at Stuart for a moment and Stuart stared back, waiting for Hiroki to tell him how crazy he sounded, he didn't even know if she was still alive.

"Well what are you waiting for? Go you fool, find her and show her there is still happiness for her in this life, despite her loss." Said Hiroki.

Stuart thought for another moment then mustered the courage to say it out loud,

"I'm going to do it, I'm gonna go.. I don't know how I'm gonna get there or find her but I'm gonna to try.. I have to." And with that he ran to the back of the diner to grab his few worldly possessions.

Hiroki stood staring at the TV but he wasn't watching anymore, he was thinking of his soul mate, how lucky he had been to have met her so young but fate being a cruel mistress, had taken her away from him too soon.

Hiroki's thoughts were interrupted as Stuart rushed back. "I guess this is it, I don't know what to say, you've helped me so much and..."

"Stu, come on, really? You don't think I already know?" With that Hiroki reached into his pocket and handed what looked like way more money than Stuart knew he was due.

"Here's what I owe you plus an advance, you're gonna need it" Said Hiroki.

Stuart looked worried all of a sudden "But I might not make it..."

"Stu just take the money and go, you dont need to explain" Stuart could feel himself welling up and Hiroki was just about keeping it together.

With that, Stuart turned around, waved a silent goodbye and walked out the door.


