"Installation Complete"

Nope, that's not right. I bought the computer secondhand from a friend, I formatted it, installed what I needed and left everything else alone. I'd never downloaded as much as a torrent onto this machine.

What the hell was installing? 

I considered calling a friend to help though I was loathe to admit I didn't know what to do. I prided myself on being computer savvy but the truth was anything more complex that a familiar user interface and I was screwed. 

But no, that's not right. The new icon on my desktop. I don't like icons on my desktop, for the most part it's empty. Everything I regularly use is pinned to the toolbar. Everything else is left alone. 

Matrix. That's all it was called. A blue and red icon, simple. I opened the program. 

A drop down list appeared and there were actions I could select. Learn. Acquire. Find. 

I picked acquire. The next drop down held categories: home, automotive, office. Home was chosen followed by furniture and couch. I needed a new one, made it was a shopping program. I picked out a colour and design, I selected complete. 

No price popped up, it merely reverted to the original screen. Learn. Acquire. Find. I stared for a moment, why did this get downloaded on my machine? I selected learn, wondering if it would have a different result. Choosing languages and French seemed logical. Enough French was spoken here I'd always wished I'd learned it. 

The doorbell rang. I slipped away from the computer for a moment. 

"Allo, I have your couch. In the living room?" A very French delivery driver said. 

"Uh, wait, um..." I paused. If this was a mix up it didn't matter. The couch was needed and I couldn't afford to replace my old one. "Yea, living rooms fine."

"Ok Monsieur, we'll take it right in." 

Two large men carried in the sofa, blue and plush like the photo I'd chosen promised. I signed an acceptance and thanked the man. He began to leave and stopped at the door. 

"By the way, do you know where I can get a pack of smokes in this neighbourhood?" 

"Oh yea it's at the ... place. Two blocks go left and you'll see it... the, um," i couldn't remember the word. It had escaped me. 

"Convenience store?"

"Yes, I'm sorry I forgot the word," I replied. 

"Oh it's ok, your French is very good if it's not your first language," he replied and left. 

Edit: the full story/continuations will be available at my new subreddit /r/OlliEliotD and through [this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/OlliEliotD/comments/76i8na/installation_complete/)