After the crack in the concrete, the light seeped in. Had I been able to laugh like a manic, I would've done it, for the imagine of the expanding slit of light felt like being born once again. Salutations to my millenniums since deceased mother.

Once the opening was wide enough and the concrete was little and brittle around me, I made an effort to free myself.

Soon, the world unfurled me like a crimson rose of many folds. I breathed the brine, and lost myself in the swells of the sea beneath me. How blue and beautiful and endless it was.

As the concrete eroded and my prison dwindled, I had feared the numbness of my body would've been my second prison. However, my regeneration took care of that. 

What should I do now? That bastard of King Jules was wise in encasing me and burying my concrete tomb into the middle of a cliff's face.

I peered at my sides. There was nothing but jagged land and a vertigo-inducing vertical fall. I sighed. It would hurt, but there was nothing else thing to do.

I came out of the hole I was in, and plunged into the sea. As I hurdled from high above, the mischievous wind swirled around me, stretching my lips into a grin, disheveling my dirt-filled hair and giggling at my exhilaration.

Then, I violently struck the sea's surface. My legs cracked and broke, but they were soon placed back into their proper place by the curse that followed and would follow me throughout all eternity.

I swam back to the sun-kissed surface. I craved seeing another human, talking to one of my kin. I couldn't remember how it felt to hear another voice.

"Sir! What are you doing there?" someone yelled in the distance. 

I turned, heart thumping and lilting. Far away, the silhouette of a little boat with two persons aboard greeted me. They came to me, and I went toward them.

Soon, I had a blanket wrapped around me, and I was quivering as if I were covered in frost. Truth was, it wasn't the coldness of the water that sent me trembling, but the realization that I was finally free, talking to people once again.

"What were you doing there?" Borg asked. He was a stout man with a big brown moustache and leathery skin. He was also the father of young Vin, who stood beside him, observing me with fear in the corner of his dark eyes.

"It's a long story," I said, relishing every word as if they were a delicacy. "I was swimming and was caught in the currents. Couldn't make it back to shore."

Borg raised his eyebrows and shook his head. "Listen, the nearest shore is a hundred kilometers away, at least, and that's not a long story. Now, we rescued you, you could at least tell us the truth."

I nodded solemnly and took a glacial breath. "Would you believe me if I told you millenniums ago I was encased in concrete and buried in the face of that cliff?" I pointed toward the cliff.

His face distorted and turned to young Vin. He couldn't be older than 12. "Vin, seek the truth."

Vin gave him a shy nod and carefully walked toward me. He held out an open hand close to my eyes, and slowly closed it into a fist. As his fingers moved backward, I felt and *saw* my breath escaping me.

It came out my mouth and eyes in the shape of red tendrils that danced across his fingers, shaping themselves into a sphere of billowing crimson. Vin's sclera tinged a sheer black and in a sudden thrust the sphere disappeared and I recovered my breath.

"He's not lying," Vin said, the color coming back to his eyes. "He's been kissed by Eledan when he was born. Cursed with immortality."

"He will fit right in then," Borg said and laughed. "Welcome aboard, Eledan-sonnen. We are heading to Ünenlar."

"Ünenlar? The land of the forgotten panacea?" I said, bemused. "It doesn't exist. It's a child story." I looked at their mirthful faces. "isn't it?"

Vin shook his head. "It's real, very real. You can join us if you please, otherwise the shore is southward."

If Ünenlar truly existed, I could finally drink the panacea produced by its legendary flowers. I could finally get rid of this curse that is immortality.

I could finally die.  

------------------------

r/AHumongousFish