"Now it starts? What does that even mean?"

I pass the letter to the woman next to me, and in time, everyone has read the letter. Reactions vary from person to person. Some react with incredulity, while others think this is a sick joke.

Not me. I realize that if this letter was dropped here, that means that we were dropped here as well.

Even though I wanted nothing more than to give my battered body some rest, I start probing the vessel that delivered the message.

"Hey, man! What are you doing?"

Without even turning, I reply, "What do you think? I'm trying to find out more about that damn letter."

The box is hardly bigger than a suitcase. Steel gray with no markings. It has no markings on the outside, and even less on the inside. I run my fingers along the sides and bottom of the container. As I make another pass at thr bottom, I notice that it is a little higher than what the container would otherwise suggest. After a few moments of experimenting later, I press down and a panel pops out.

At this point, the others figure out what I am doing and stumble over when they see me lift the panel out of the box. It's another message, but I wasn't sure it was meant for us. I read it aloud, "Accept our sacrifice, Great Ja'Qoln, and spare us for another century."

A massive roar explodes from the center of the island as soon as I finish the text.

We all stagger from the concussive blast of the sound. Even though we can't hear each other, everyone's face all says the same thing. We all now know our purpose on this island.

A few of the crash survivors, some of the ones who have been on the island for the last few days start running off.

I just sit in the sand next to the box, dumbfounded. Was I placed here intentionally, or was just stupid luck that I just happened to be the sole survivor from my crash? All I know is that I'm in no physical condition to take on this...whatever this is.

My hearing returns to me over time, and I instantly regret it. Screams, human and otherwise, pierce the otherwise serene island atmosphere. As the sun is setting, a shadow emerges from the tree line.

"You're the last. But, you didn't run? Why?"

"Because I realized that it didn't matter. I just arrived. I don't know this place. I didn't know those people, and my body aches at even the thought of walking much less trying to run."

"Weak. Just like the rest of your pathetic race."

"Who ARE you?"

"I am more than you can fathom. I am your dreaded fear, I am-"

"You know what? I'm sorry that I asked. Anyway, what do you need the sacrifices for?"

"Your kind always had little regard for the powers beyond comprehension. Your ancient rulers and I made a pact millennia ago. Ten people are to be given to me. These ten must be the best humanity has to offer me."

I just start laughing. "The best? Ja-whoever-the-hell-you-are. You are being played for a fool. I'm just a random guy. I have no great gifts. I am not the strongest or the fastest, smartest or anything! You've been given whoever happens to be around."

The figure expands faster than any motion I have seen before. My entire field of vision is entitely black. And in the blackness, something stirs. The roar is so loud that I feel lines of blood flowing down from my ears.

"Speak carefully, mortal. Do you declare our pact void?"

I can hear it call to me even though I can't hear anything else. The words reverberate through my body, and I can barely breathe. I am only being kept alive at this point to answer this last question.

The presence is so invasive and powerful that I have little doubt about what it could do if unleashed.

I know the significance of the question. For humanity's sake, I should just say yes. It's a terrible burden, but at least we all would have more time. Well, not me, but the whole human race.

But they are the ones who sent me here.

"Screw 'em. Our pact is void."