Snapchat is THE app everyone is talking about! They have these spectacles now that record everything you do!

"Everything? That sounds like an invasion of privacy." Greg looked at me funny.

I turned the TV off. Too many words can cause a brain overload. "I don't know Greg. I always dreamed of having camera glasses as a kid."

Greg got up from his favorite rocking chair (we have several of them), "Well Rose Quartz, you were a strange kid." He winks at me and plugs in the PS4.

Shaking my head, I get up to cook something in the kitchen. I rub my stomach... Steven is hungry. He's going to be Wonderful. But I can't think too much of that. His very existence will have me shattered. I look around the kitchen and decide to cook some burgers.

"Sweetie please let me cook." Greg hugs me from behind. I haven't told him about Steven yet, but today is the day.

"Oh. Well okay Mr. Universe, after you." I smile at him. I adore Greg, I really do. Never have I met a Non-Gem who is as kind as he is.

He opens the door to the deck and fires up the grill. "Its funny that you mentioned those spectacles, Rose."

I sit on the rocking chair and drink some of Greg's tea. "Why is that?"

He has his hands full of ingredients for the burgers. "Look in the drawer of our nightstand, you know, YOUR drawer." He fumbles and almost drops the head of lettuce but manages to catch it with his foot like a soccer ball. "Good think for plastic covering huh Rose?"

I laugh and clap at his talent, "Yes that's so true." I walk up to our room and open the drawer. There is a pink heart shaped box with a hand painted red rose on the outside covering. I open up the box and there are two yellow sunglasses!

Greg walks back inside to grab cheese from the fridge, "See? Anything you want I'll always find a way to get to you..." He blushes and looks down at the cheese. "I really love you Rose and I know I don't have everything in the world but I really do love you."

I walk down the steps and give him a passionate kiss, "And I love you more Greg." I rub my stomach and place his hand over my navel.

"Is it Steven?" he asks me.

I drop my mouth. "How do you do that? The whole mind reading thing?!" I blush a deep red and start crying.

He wipes my tears with his hand. "Rose its okay. I hear you call out his name at night and I just knew that was the right name," tears form in his eyes. "I know what that means to you, but I'll be right here for it all," he kisses me gently.

Someone comes running up from the beach, wearing those yellow sunglasses. Greg goes back to the grill to greet him.

"That smells good! Are you selling?" He puts a five dollar bill on the railing. "I honestly am not sure where else to get food. I'm new in town."

Greg smiles. "I was cooking for the wife but I'm sure she wouldn't mind sharing. Let me just serve her plate first, okay?" He comes inside to hand me a cheeseburger and the young man just follows him inside the house!

I'm not afraid. I already have my protective shield on... Something that comes in handy in these situations.

The young man takes off his sunglasses, blinking to adjust his eyes to the indoor light. He looks around and sits at the table when he is served. He looks me dead in the eye right when I take my first bite.

Greg takes his first bite and sighs. He's still not used to my powers. The young man looks at him, "Your wife is Beautiful!"

I spit out my food. "YOU CAN SEE ME?!"