G'ol Bognil let out an expansive sigh as he settled his considerable girth before the marble table. "Alright, before we get started, remind me your names and classes again?"

Lethus did not move but a phlegmy mutter emanated from under this black hood. "I am Steve. The dentist."

Polara was next to speak. Her glittering obsidian eyes dropped down to the character sheet in front of her. "I am a dual-class business exec and accountant named Mike the Magnificent."

G'ol Bognil blinked. "That sounds a bit over-powered to me...what is your backstory?"

A ghost of a smile appeared momentarily on Polara's black lips. "My father dedicated his life to the Demon of Alcohol and my mother was a pathetic weakling. I worked two jobs to put myself through college and then graduate school, where I studied under the tutelage of some of the mightiest professors in the land."

The bulbous, warty nose of G'ol Bognil wrinkled. "I feel like your characters always manage to receive the tutelage of some of the mightiest professors in the land. One of these days I am going to make you play a waitress."

Polara drew herself upright, the torch light reflecting off the onyx pendant around her neck. "The earthly vessel of Burkh the Devourer does not play waitresses."  

G'ol Bognil rolled his eyes and then let out a loud belch. "And finally...?"

The goblin king turned to look at a veritable mountain of a man whose face was almost completely lost behind wavy crimson hair and a bushy, fiery beard. "I, Garung the Decimator, Eviscerator of the Plainsmen and Bane of the Thrak, am playing..." 

Garung's brow creased as he squinted at his paper. "Millie, the Soccer Mom."

Polara snorted. There was no way to tell, but something about the dark aura surrounding Lethus suggested he was smirking. G'ol Bognil, however, frowned.

"What...can Myley do?"

"Millie. Her rumor and gossip skills are maxed out, so she is a powerful information broker. After years of training, the High Council of Home Owners has made her queen, meaning she wields the full power of the Covenants of C&R. Her arch-rival is Kaylie, Supreme Leader of the Association Between Parents and Teachers."

G'ol Bognil sighed. "Try to keep it IC, please. In the faraway land of North Suburbtown, they do not have queens or supreme leaders - they have presidents and heads."

Somewhere behind his giant beard Garung the Decimator was scowling but he said nothing. 

G'ol Bognil opened a flask of Mountain Ale and took a long pull, then belched again. "Alright. It is Saturday, and you all find yourselves at the Park of Dark Cul-de-Sac. Mike, you are here for a company picnic/fundraiser. Steve, you are watching your son play in the Tournament of Soccer, where he and his companions are trying to best the All-Stars of Cityhome. And...Millie --"

Polara made an amused noise that she tried to cover by sniffing loudly. 

"-- you, of course, are coaching a different team nearby. The sky is gray - strangely overcast for a day in April. The green lawns squish slightly under the feet of the Tournamenteers, and various obese humans sit in flimsy makeshift thrones to watch. The sounds of dogs barking ring out from the housing development, swelling ever louder...as you turn in the direction of the noise, you see a gazebo looming in the distance..."

* * *

/r/ShadowsofClouds