Any consideration of giving up represents the admittance that, above the angry blue-green sea, we could have lost the war.

The last time we received any form of communication, anything at all, was so long ago. Surely if our people had prevailed, if they had overcome the bloody assaults of the enemy, we would not have been forgotten.

But we *are* forgotten.

Here, beneath the waves, we are unbound by the limitations of life, but still cruelly subject to the apparently mightier call of honor. Eternity, the sum of all time, that thing which beats rhythmically to stir hearts and free minds, is our prison.

The ship, the crew, all of it, of us, is perhaps the final evidence of the greatness of our nation. Maybe no other such monument stands. What flag adorns our beautiful capital now?

My skin is cold and foreign. My mind, yearning to explode from within the limits of this mortal avatar, thinks and acts; I man my post, the propellers churn a froth in the salty water and we patrol. But, this is not me. I am without a soul, or perhaps that is all I am. Either way I am as incomplete as the day deprived of night.

I said it would be unthinkable to give up, to surface the boat and marvel, again and finally, at the stars. I miss their opalescence dotting the blue-black sky, and bold Orion, and the pearl moon. But one last visit, one last glimpse is truly impossible. At the surface, we are vulnerable to attack. It would be imprudent, and the captain, more duty-bound than any, forbids it. Perhaps these corpses do not deserve the moonlight anyway.

I understand the great sacrifice of the soldier. The price of war is life. The price of honor, the soul itself.

The steel coffin around me creaks and shudders, wishing, like I, for rest. I man my post, my duty as meaningless as my existence, and wonder how long it's been. My soul and my being are unfairly separate now, and I curse whatever unknown process of divinity made them such.

I miss my family, those I loved, the little blue house at the end of the lane. I miss the taste of food, the feeling of happiness, the joy of beauty. These things are now foreign to me. This is the sacrifice I make. It is my unwilling statement of thanks, thanks to my people and for my life. Living was magnificent, but the price of such an existence is a final undeath.

We patrol. The sea batters the hull. I imagine the shimmering silver fish schooling without the boat, and the seabirds cawing to summon the wind.

The ocean is cold. I know it well.