Just like everyone else on this dreary planet I was born with two names “tattooed “ on my body. Mine were on each of my thighs.  Apparently one of these people was supposed to off me . If I was lucky they’d hurry up and do it before my biology final. Well that didn’t happen but I did get a 76 percent so I guess it could be worse.  In high school figuring out someone’s names was like playing hide and seek. Everyone want to be in everyone else business. I used to wrap mine in gauze to cover the names and some other things. in college it’s much better. Students are to busy working and partying to care that much. We all get swirled into a painting of lectures,notes , and drugs. College is great I guess.  

It is winter break and I decided to go to my friends house over the holidays . Me and Jackson have know each other for a couple of years.  He wants to be a lab technician. I’m working on becoming a wildlife biologist specializing in avian species. My fall back is opening up a retro arcade.     

We have talked about our names before . We were both drunk but in bouts of confidence we showed our names. I don’t even remember his names but we didn’t talk to much after that he started ignoring and straying away from me . 

Finally I get to graduate. As I get handed my diploma i realize how great things have been going. After I’m done finishing up here I moving to a new apartment in a safe neighborhood close  to where my new internship at a local wildlife refuge. It’s great. Life hasn’t ever been better. 

It’s been four years since I graduated.  When they say wildlife biologists tend to be on the move they aren’t kidding.  I’ve been traveling all over the world observing and recording data about so many different types of birds . Where the birds go I go. I unlock the door to my apartment or my headquarters as I like to called it, and throw all my bags on the couch . First things first I need a shower.  Traveling through the muddy hills of Ireland for two weeks doesn’t leave a person smelling great.  

I’m in New York. Not to watch the pigeons surprisingly but to give a seminar on my studies as a biologist. Yeah that may not seem to interesting but it’s important. As I walk my mine wanders to thinking about my two tattoos on my thighs. Being so busy traveling I haven’t even had time to start a relationship and with all the places I have been surprisingly nobody has killed me yet. I look around at the people next to me on the street, steadily walk towards each their own destination.    With a day before seminar I decided to go exploring so I head into a near by store with some weird vinyl records in the window.  I walk in seeing a moody teenager manning the cash register. Instantly reverting back to my old edgy teen days I give em the curt head nod .  I start  browsing the store looking through clearance baskets and shelves full of sarcastic t-shirts. I hit up the vinyl in the back  stopping suddenly to snatch up the treasure that is the Ramones. I hear the front door open again wondering who else it getting some nostalgia from this gold mine.  I see some jacket patches from across the room and haphazardly start walking over to them in excitement. That’s when I get knocked to my feet. I hear a woman’s voice speaking to me as I process what happened . “Shit, I’m sorry you okay?”  I look up to see Joan Jett’s doppelgänger staring down at me. God she’s banging. “Yeah I’m cool.  It all good.” I get up reaching down to grab my thankfully intact record.  “You sure ? “  I look back over to the dark goddess standing next to me . She says,” Can I grab you a coffee or something to apologize?” I nod my head realizing this is playing out like some cheesy rom com . “Alright .” I exchange cash with the teen up front and walk out with my record quickly forgetting about the patches I got knocked down for.  We walk to a coffee shop across the street and order. Joan Jett gets an regular drip coffee with two sugars and a cream. I get some mint tea .  We sit talking for a bit when I finally ask her name . “ Holly.”  The name rings through my ears .  It’s her. Oblivious to the shock on my face she asks mine. Slowly her face is overcome with mix of excitement and nervous. I finally found her. In that old store with the vinyl records and the jacket patches. 

First time writing. I might finish it some day. 