*"Do you think what you did was okay?"*

*"The others were doing it! I didn't wanna... didn't wanna seem different."*

Jacob. Seven years old, his clothes are far less ragged than the first time she met him. It's a good sign, and she makes a note on her clipboard.

He glances at her suspiciously. "Are-are you writin' something bad about me?"

"No, Jacob. I'm not here to judge you. I'm your friend." Patricia waves a hand, slowly, in his direction. "We just need to talk, about you. How have things been lately?"

Things haven't been good, one paper says, in many more words. Another page gives a teacher's report on his performance. It doesn't disagree. 

"I've been good. I made a friend!"

"Really? That's good to hear." Inwardly, Patricia is scared. It's not right, perhaps, not *fair* to the boy sitting in front of her now, but she's still scared. It's been a year, and she's still not sure the child should be around others.

*He has supervision,* she tells herself, and that ends the train of thought. "How have your exercises been going recently?"

"I-I think, um, they've been good. Bob's been helping me."

"Bob?" She makes a few more scribbles on her clipboard. "Is that your friend?"

"Yeah! He's really nice. Most of the time."

She nods. "Aren't you doing your exercises with Ms. Francine?"

"Yep! She says I've been doing much better."

Patricia shuffles through her notes. It does, indeed, say that he's been doing much better. There's no mention of anyone named Bob, though.

"Where'd you meet Bob, Jake?"

"He jus', jus' kinda appeared."

An imaginary friend. *Coping mech. - imag friend?* she scribbles. 

The rest of the meeting goes well. Surprisingly so, even. 

---

*"If everyone else is doing something bad, would you do it as well?"*

*"I, uh... maybe? I don't wanna do anything bad, but not having friends... that's bad too."*

Liam frowns. "I don't like coming here every month."

*I'm not a huge fan, either.* A bit of an involuntary thought, and maybe unfair, but it's true. By some cruel strike of fate, she has meetings with two of 'those' children on the same day every month. She would have turned one of them away, but she's the local expert.

Perhaps she can talk to someone about moving one of the appointments. Oh well. A task for another, less stressful, day.

"My week's been fun," Liam says, responding to a question she didn't even realize she'd asked. "My birthday's tomorrow, and it's gonna be a big party."

"That's good to hear. Who else is coming to your party?"

"Mom and da-ad, and Marcus and Michael and ... Johnny."

Patricia glances at her notes on him. Nothing shocking, there. He'd been having difficulties fitting in at his new school at first, but at one point he'd suddenly managed to pick up three friends. She hadn't been sure whether to be happy for him, or a bit worried. 

She had settled comfortably on the former, after seeing how much he'd improved. Good friends, it seemed, not like the ones he'd had before. "I see. So everyone will be there, hm?"

Jacob frowns. It seems to be a habit of his. She makes another note, then scratches it out. Facial tics aren't anything to focus on. "No... well, I guess? Everyone but Bob is gonna be there."

"Bob?"

"Yeah... he introduced me to Marc n' Mike n' Johnny. Then he kinda disappeared a bit, I think. We still talk sometimes though."

"When did you meet Bob?" She grips her pen a bit tighter. 

"I dunno. He talked to me in the car, once, and then we talked more sometimes? Mommy says he's my image-inary friend, but I think he's real."

*That makes four.* 

She shivers a bit, involuntary, before the logical part of her brain kicks in. It's a common name, filling children's books and movies, and it shouldn't be strange to have multiple children with imaginary friends of the name. Especially if they all had some kind of mental trauma.

Still... 

Patricia makes another note, underlining it.

^^^^r/forricide