A sea of sad faces surrounded the once greatest mind the military had to offer. He was responsible for so many key victories in Iraq and Afghanistan and at the end of his life General Mattis had no regrets. 

"Sleep well devil dog may the angels of god escort you into heaven."  The large priest who spoke closed the bible and sighed as The general took his last breath and passed. 

James Mattis stood stock still, his translucent form much younger than when he died. A large angel stood next to him and spoke with a powerful voice, "Come great general, our father wishes for you to come to heaven." 

Mattis just nodded and fell in behind the great angel. As they began walking towards the light a suddenly jet of black smoke spilled into the area creeping across the ground. 

The smoke quickly began to form into a person. The angel stepped in front of Mattis ready to protect him when suddenly the smoky figure spoke.

"General Mattis.  Your legendary feats are heard about even in hell. I find myself in need of your help."

The smoke was starting to clear and a bruised and battered Lucifer stood in front of them in all his glory. The angel howled and charged the once dark prince. Lucifer didn't even take his eyes off of the general when he back handed the angel away.

"Attila the Hun has taken over my kingdom," Lucifer started. He strolled towards Mattis his red fists called up. " The son of a bitch said I couldn't bring the torture any more, that I was too old fashioned." 

Lucifer spat on the ground before looking back at Mattis. " At first I was happy about. Our... Father created the place to be just as much my prison as it was for the evil souls of Earth."

The dark prince frowned at the generals silence. Perhaps he was wrong about him. However before he could say anything about the general spoke up. 

"How many."

Lucifer was quiet for a few moments, his thoughts were all over the place and it took a crazy amount of effort to bring them in. 

"Millions... Maybe billions, but they are ruled by one human. He now controls hell, but I am pretty sure the demons won't take kindly to their prisoners running the realm. "

General Mattis finally grinned before speaking, "Tell me how fast can you muster an army?"
