I can remember the first time I heard Bob's voice. I watched on TV as he gave his speech from Geneva. He didn't sound like a Bob; his voice was confident but youthful. It was more like the voice of a Chad or a Zeke. Nobody knew what to expect when they first saw Bob. The last guy to do his job never bothered to show his face, but Bob was trying to be different. He wanted to paint himself as some kind of progressive. 
I watched intently as he stepped onto the centre podium, surrounded by snobbish looking representatives from all over the world. To all of our suprise, Bob's figure was a dark black. It was a kind of indescribable blackness. So dark that he almost seemed to fade against the backdrop. Nobody could quite tell where his body ended. He was relatively humanoid, although he was abnormally well built, and his hands were twice the size of a regular man's hand. Other than his limbs, he had few distinct bodily features. That is, of course, with the exception of his yellow, piercing eyes. They seemed to not be attached to his body but instead be hovering slightly in front of it. 

"I am Bob," he started, "and I have to level with you people". 

He was silent for a moment. His body seemed to expand, as if to give a sigh. Everyone on Earth was silent at that moment.

"I'm a little under qualified for this. My last universe was small, and pretty manageable. God had this gig for the last few billion years. He took a vacation during the age of enlightenment, but otherwise he's been working pretty hard down here." Said Bob, followed by another pause.

"What you need to know is that, um, God kept this place running so well because of all his powers. I, uh, I don't have the same abilities as him, and that's gonna have a pretty big affect on all of your lives..."

There was a final short silence and then a wave of murmuring among the representatives around Bob. 

"Well, what can you do for us, Mister Bob?!" Asked the Danish rep. Bob looked at him with his wide eyes. They seemed to double in size as he looked down from the podium.

"I'm very strong, and I could probably help out with some kind of labor work." Bob replied.
"Maybe something in landscaping or construction..."
