"Wonderful!" I heard the voice of a young boy.

"Stay away kid, BBQ is not a toy. You can get burned, and try not to inhale the smog!" I said why coughin harder than ever before. We should use less coal next time.

"Spoke me more!"  said the boy in a solemn voice.

"No, play somewhere else *cough,cough* I dare you  *cough*"   I think I breath in too much.

Suddenly a bright light  found its way thru the smoke; so bright it hurt my eyes. As the smoke faded I had to realize I'm not at the party I was a minute ago. This room, this hall, this weird place was covered in light, I swear I never saw...

"By  the word of the Creator *I* summoned you to this world! Now tell me your name demon!" Demon?! Is it supposed to be funny?

"It's a bad prank kiddo. Move  your flashlight out of my face and show me where the door is to the garden." I know I'm a bad cook, I mus've collapsed or something and mom let my little cousins watch me while I'm unconscious. Little demons.

"Örökös öröm, evvele neme lehete enneke? Te remem leheres. Jyksü kellene enneke! Te, ferökli örön, hiön erre?" Sure kid, speak some elvish more.

"Yí." I heard a second voice. 

"Örökösön?"

"Yí." It was a little girl, or another boy, I'm not sure. Let's call them Yí.


"Male. 248 years old. From The outer part of the great landmass. It is you. You live in a place, called *City*. That's what your kind referes to  their hive, right? " The first one spoke. Lookng at him, he was a strange boy, wearing a robe like white cloth. Around 14-15 I guess, no hair expect on the head and eyebrows, just like the girl sounding one, but a bit deeper voice. Examining further, I was pretty sure it's not my unce's house.

"Where am I?"

"Tell me your name!"

"Dave, but..."

"By  the word of the Creator *I* summoned you to this world! And my name is Ayhtän!" Boy's getting creepy with this stuff. " You, Teef are here solely by my will."

"Yeah, sure. What do you want from me?"

"I have a task for you. You are going to be our guardian on the journey!"

"Now way! I'm outta here"  just as I said, I heard Yí whispering something in their alien language, then pouring something on my head..

   *UKNOWN CHEMICALS! MY ONLY WEAKNESS!*

Next thin I remember, I was in a small cell, covered with dim light, however it wasn't less white than the one before.
Slowly getting conscious agan I saw my way to escape this madness. The bars of the cell were made of copper and they were as thin as my nails. Pff, easy.

"What the hell?!" I yelled, "It's an electric fence!" 

"Magic. I know your kind cannott handle it" a familirat voice. Ayhtän? "Listen here demon! I summoned you, thus I could send you back where you came. Or I can let you die here, which is consodering your survivability will be a long, long time. Generations may come and pass, I may get old and forget abot you, but you, no, you will be here rotting forever, Struggeling with hunger and your own decaying body,  I know your kind are not immortal, we tested it."

"Fuck you!"

"Is it your final answer? I guess not." he left. He left me there.

   *4 days passed*

I'm still here, doing nothing, but laying on the small bed in the cell. Practicaly the only forniture that can be moved, besides this, ther's a small toilet like hole and a tap above it. After the first time I tried not using either of them, I need every drop of woter to live  and the tap is not helping at all. At an other place, an other time I would praise this tap; but the simple fact that it contains diluted alcohol is the worst thing in this situation.

"Ah, boredom will kill me faster than starving. I'm just a simple man kept imprisoned with electricity, yet my phone is dead as a horse. Give me a KFC you bastards! Hey someone, anyone!"

"Yí!"


> *to be ccontinued...*



