I looked down at the diamond ring, then back to her face. This was the second moment of my life that seemed to last an eternity. I etched the look of true happiness to the back of my mind and thought about the first time I met her. Eight years ago, first day of high school. I remember nervously waiting outside the classroom of my first period class hoping I'd recognize anybody who walked in. Looking back on it now, it was probably a pretty dumb idea, considering I only had one friend throughout middle school. One minute until class started, I decided to give up until I heard someone call my name from behind me.

I turned around and there she was. She wasn't the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, in fact, she was pretty nerdy looking. Her frizzy brown hair was braided and she hid the rest with her hat. She wore glasses, a plain black oversized hoodie, jeans and converse. I'll admit, it wasn't love at first sight, but it was *something* at first sight. There was something about her that just seemed familiar, like I'd been looking into her eyes my whole life. She introduced herself as the girl that sat next to me the year before, but I didn't recognize her face. In retrospect, I hadn't bothered to look at anyone's face that year.

I was a pretty shy kid and I had a hard time letting anyone in, but this awkward and bubbly girl just stuck to me like glue. Even if I wanted to, it was impossible to get through an entire day without her and I mean that in the most literal sense there is. She was in every single one of my classes, and eventually she just started following me around. One day she mistakenly followed me all the way home because she was way too busy talking to me, although it didn't seem to bother my parents. I'd often hear friends say that we're 'conjoined at the hip,' whatever that means. I was there for her low points, and I was dragged along to celebrate her high points.

She hung out with me almost every single day in high school, but graduation finally rolled around. That morning went by in a blur but the first moment that seemed to last forever was the first time I saw her cry. She hadn't decided on a college yet, but I had just received my acceptance into Columbia University just a week before. The first tear fell, and it set in how much I'd miss her. We hugged and said our goodbyes, and I didn't see her again that summer.

Three months of packing, applying for scholarships and a whole lot of stress later, I finally set foot in my dorm room. I didn't have much time to savor the taste of emancipation because as soon as I flopped face-first into my bunk bed, I got a knock on the door. Expecting my roommate, I hastily opened the door and turned back towards the bed before I was tackled to the ground. Rolling over, I found a very familiar pair of eyes staring back into mine and my assailant reintroduced herself as the girl that followed me around in high school and my next door neighbor.

College went by in a colorful blur of alcohol, caffeine, highlighted notes and midnight fast food runs. Whether it was for emotional reasons or literally at a DUI checkpoint, we kept each other propped up and moving forward. I had come to realize that all this time she had meant more to me as a friend, and I decided to finally ask the question. After what seemed like an eternity in hell, we finally made it to graduation. I finally realized why I knew her eyes were so familiar to me. It took me way too long to realize that I had met my soul mate all those years ago. Staring at how beautiful she looks in the evening glow of our graduation stage light and how perfect that engagement ring looks on her hand doesn't help with the thought that I'm not hers.