What’s the closest thing to underwater basket weaving.... you muse as you scroll through your college’s course catalog. You’re a second semester senior, you’ve already been accepted to your top choice law school, and the only academic requirements you have left to fill are electives. You see no reason to be sober between now and graduation. 

Creative writing 101... it isn’t underwater basket weaving, but it can’t be much harder. 

Only after 4 years of rigorous academic writing, you can’t come up with anything better than a poorly recounted horror story your summer camp bunk mate Alec—Alex?  Alan?—whispered to your cabin one night. How were you supposed to know it was a popular urban legend. Al-whatever-the-Fuck said he made it up. You were paying more attention to how gross his acne looked under the glow of the maglight he had clutched under his chin, anyway. 

So now 15% of your grade is a D, and unless something magical happens —right in front of you so you can write about it—another 15% of your grade is heading in the same direction. 

Adderall, which is usually its own type of magic, just leaves you frantically writing thumbing your way through the reddit app. You can’t remember the last time 5 hours of work —you know you’re using that term loosely— left you with only your name and the date at the top of a word document. 

You stumble across a subreddit, writing prompts, and you have your first original idea in what feels like forever.  Chuckling to yourself, remembering your ancient, doofus of a professor’s lecture on “themes,” you decide yours might as well be plagiarism. 

Ctrl-a, ctrl-c, curl-v, a silent thank you to u/thetigolebittycommittee69 , and your assignment is done. 

But now, standing in your professors office, watching his face turn purple as he rips you a new asshole, you realize you may as well wave law school goodbye. Because this guy is liberally throwing words around like academic review, and expulsion.  He’s typing his email to the dean in loud thuds right in front of you. 

Your mind is racing. You couldn’t have predicted this! Thetigolebittycommittee69 has a phd in English?  Sure the story was good, that’s why you picked it. But You thought for sure it was by some teenager after surfing through the guys profile, all his other comments and posts were on pornographic subs, or commenting on the hotness of underage girls posting bikini pics to r/teenagers. Dumb kid stuff.... 

Creepy ass adult stuff

“What the hell are you smiling about?” Your professor spits, “put your goddamn phone away.”  

You slide into one of the chairs in front of this douche bags desk, taking a handful of screen shots for evidence. You try and think of a clever rejoinder—but fuck you’ve already established creativity just isn’t your thing.

“I think the dean would be interested in some of your other posts Tig Ole Bitties.”  

Turns out your theme is mutually ensured destruction. 

(Just realized I have the same twist as another comment, should’ve read through them first, oh well). 