“Examiner, have you reached any conclusions?”

The holo-video lit up in the center of the laboratory. The face of Preator Endex filled the void in the center of the room.

“Yes. Praetor. The specimen you provided was intact enough to draw a conclusion,” Examiner Zendex replied. “If I may ask, how was such a faultless specimen procured?”

“By accident, Examiner.” Zendex could hear the embarrassment in the Preator’s voice. The Klee were notorious for their ability to plan. To have a complete human specimen simply fall into their possession as an act of luck was an insult to the Praetor’s ability to calculate probable outcomes. Still, it was likely that the additional information to be gleaned from studying a full anatomy could very well prove the turning of the war.

“I see.” Zendex obfuscated his disapproval outwardly, while in actual fact he was enjoying the Praetor’s discomfort. No less than twelve successors to the current Praetor had all tried to turn the tide of the galactic conflict. Over fifty cycles, and none had succeeded. For all his braggadocio, Praetor Endex had proven equally incapable of mastering the necessary variables to overcome this foe. Not that it wasn’t a complex problem….

“Please, state your conclusion, then propose the underlying premises,” the Praetor encouraged. 

“Of course,” Zendex paused, wondering if the magnitude of his discoveries would be fully communicated, much less appreciated by the greater Klee protectorate. “The additional information gleaned from this specimen leads to the conclusion that this war will be over in less than two cycles.”

The Praetor bared his mandibles in a sign of satisfaction. “Ah, we have it then. What is your margin of error?”

The Examiner balked. To ask the question of an Examiner of such high esteem was almost an insult. “Within the ninety ninth percentile, Praetor.”

“Then by all means, state your premises.” It was customary in Klee society to state the conclusion of an encounter first, then reveal the necessary background information informing the deduction. To save on the need for pointless interactions, a subordinate would typically accept the conclusions of an Elder.  This was given to the Klee’s exceptional ability to calculate probabilities into several dimensions of thinking. To inquire into the basis for a deduction was to show interest, and thus respect, for the proponent of the conclusion. The Praetor was clearly showing great respect for the Examiner’s presentation. Such deference deserved a thorough exhibition.

“I direct your attention to the specimen, Praetor.” The lifeless body of the pale human lay limply on the examining table, its various entrails and organs neatly stacked in a small row next to it. “As you can see from the scorian readout, the Circulatory, Digestive, Endocrine, Exocrine, Muscular and Renal systems of these humans are typical of a class four evolutionary primateon species. Other than the digestive systems ability to vacate a surprising number of toxins, these systems are rather unremarkable...” 

The presentation continued, analyzing each biological strength and weakness in turn.

The Praetor patiently listened. The Klee had conquered thousands of species in galactic combat. No race had been able to withstand their superior minds, being able to calculate and adapt to thousands of permutations and possible outcomes. And yet, this unremarkable species had left cataclysmic destruction in its wake. Generally, an intergalactic war took one, maybe two cycles to conclude, especially when victory from one side or the other was all but assured. Once both sides concluded that victory was inevitable, a ceremonial surrender was typical. But the current conflict had lasted over fifty cycles, and the waste of resources had nearly drained the empire into insolvency. It wouldn’t be long until the outer systems calculated weakness…

These humans did not conform to any known parameters. In most conflicts, multiple circumstances could be calculated, reevaluated, predicted. But not humans. In one iteration, humans would behave conservatively, almost to a fault. Giving ground even when obvious advantages could clearly be seized. In other encounters, they displayed a recklessness known only among the unevolved. Fifty cycles later and they were just as impossible to predict as the day the Klee invaded Earth.

The Earth invasion was a disaster by any tactical standard. It had been studied, reanalyzed, reinterpreted. But no solid conclusions could be reached. Upon landfall, the humans initially reacted as any other class four primateon. Family units hiding in fear. Communications disrupted. Military responses disorganized.

And then, as if signaled by a Praetorean elite, something changed. The humans responded with the ferocity and recklessness of an unevolved reptile or arachnid. Forces were marshaled imperfectly, but effectively. Counter offensives with no seeming probability of victory nevertheless succeeded. And once some Klee technology was in the hands of the enemy, the situation went all downsystem. 

Native humans with no military training whatsoever were taking up munitions and retaliating with no regard to their own existence. Elite human units advanced TOWARD certain death. By the time the provisional government envoy arrived to impose judicial order, the humans had routed all 36 expeditionary squads, including the capital ships. How in the nexus they even got up to the fleet centers remains a mystery, as human technology simply wasn’t advanced past placing geosynchronous communicators in their own orbit. To add insult, the humans used the captured fleet to commandeer the undefended bureaucratic envoy just after its arrival.

And then? Then they repurposed the envoy to proclaim victory, making the Klee administrative apparatus assume the planet was in conquered status. It wasn’t until a whole cycle had passed until the Klee elite had noticed there wasn’t any tribute. But by then it was too late. The humans had adapted to the technology quickly. Not just to seize and use it, but also perverting Klee technology to suit their own destructive ends.

From there, forty-nine cycles of interstellar destruction and chaos across entire systems. Unlike other space-faring species, the humans seem to have no respect for cosmic order. It is as if they must repurpose the universe itself to match their fleeting lifespan. They damage anything in their path to achieve even minor victories.  

Using space folding technology, they used a Klee warp engine to fold out the orbit of a key military installation, shifting it into the path of a black hole, and damaging the habitability of three separate colonies. They strapped fusion reactors onto refueling  pylons and sent them back into the prime nexus, haphazardly destroying or crippling thirteen production outposts. But worst of all, in every encounter their soldiers and pilots show no regard whatsoever for their own personal safety, at times letting loose fission and fusion weapons of their own design, which spread fallout throughout half the Klee protectorate. It has made the end of the conflict nearly impossible to predict.

[cont]