*“thud”*

She closed her mini fridge, soda in hand. She mindlessly dragged her eyes across the carpeted floor, followed by her wandering feet. Her head had an odd fuzz to it today. Probably should have gotten more sleep.

Her house was quiet, the city was distant today. More so than usual. Or not distant exactly, but muted. Almost silent.

*“beeeeep”*

ah, that’s the car horn she was looking for. She really has to go to bed earlier tonight.

So distracted by the city sounds she barely noticed arriving at her couch. In fact she didn’t. She had teleported there. One moment she was in the kitchen grabbing a soda, her mind wandering like her body, and soon enough she was placed back, behind the couch, hardly noticing a thing. 

she opened the soda.

*“chk”*

the fizz filled the room. Bubbles in her ears, in her eyes, loosely drawing against her skin. 

she took a sip.

Now placed on the soft, plush couch she maneuvered her arm set down the foreign object in her hand. It was harsh, and cold. She didn’t like it. She was tired.

The city grew and shrank with each lazy breath she took. She looked for the remote.

The tv was on. Clipping, glitching, black. Far away a man’s voice whispered the blurry message on the bottom of her screen. Stay indoors. She could do that. she could stay here, in the comfort of her grey couch, engulfed. Her hand, extended over the table, floated backwards, dreamily. 

The city was nothing but the static on her tv.

And, with every passing breath, her world began to shrink. it was falling into the static, into the man’s voice. Into the echoing, stretching words passing the bottom of the screen. Don’t look. Don’t move. Don’t go outside. And as the world collapsed into that of a dreamer, and her eyes fluttered closed, her hand brushed something cold.

Everything was wrong. Colors were too bright, sounds were too loud. The comfort of her couch was gone. Her ears rang from the bottle breaking on the hardwood. Her eyes focused and she found herself placed in a noisy, cracked rocking chair. 

As her ears turned back towards the radio in front of her, the scratchy, uncomfortable noise began to make itself clear. She needed to get out. She needed to leave. 

With hurried movements she stood up and walked, step by noisy step, behind the couch, through the hallway, and back into the kitchen. She opened her cabinet, staring, defeatedly, at the last bottle she had left. she reached in. Already the sounds of the world were too much.

She grabbed the bottle.

The screams came in waves.

She raised it high above her head.

They were deafening, deafening. 

She brought it down, against the counter.

Nothing she could do, nothing she could do.

She brought it to her crumbling lips.

The world's colors burned.

She took a final sip.