My watch reads 11:30. "It's only been 30 minutes?" I ask myself, incredulously, while pulling my sleeve down, back over its face. Usually, I have a good feeling for how much time has passed in *meetings*, like these. But this is ridiculous. Thirty minutes, bah,...feels closer to 3 hours. Complaining is only a slight reprieve from the warm, humid air of the auditorium, made worse by the spotlights, illuminating the stage. However, as uncomfortable as this is, I must suffer silently. Such is the life of the Leader's Secret Service.

According to the briefing, this gathering is for the induction of the Zorphax into the galactic community. A coalition of all the sentient races of the galaxy, focused on the promotion of peace and spread of knowledge. The Zorphax themselves are an interesting bunch. Insectoids, but with humanoid bodies and a face only a mother could love.

Quickly scanning the audience, there are many different alien races, most of which I don't know the names of, yet. Some humanoid, some quadruped, some even look like they are straight out of an Hollywood movie from the 20th century. The cat-like Teklet, who came before we humans, and the Ledarians, who came before the them, and in my opinion look way too much like the Martian aliens of old.

I shake my head, as I realize that I'm becoming distracted. Instead of being on alert, looking for threats, I'm losing my thoughts in all of the strange faces. It also doesn't help that humans appear to be the only race that can actually give away its intentions, with just facial expressions. Every other race  is like trying to read the face of a stuffed animal.

Amidst the drone of the welcoming speeches and gift giving, a sign of friendliness, my radio crackles slightly in my ear. "We might have a situation. Standby." a familiar voice states. I straighten in my seat, preparing for the worst. "All agents, prepare to evac your package." the voice returning, almost soothing, betraying the potential urgency of the situation. Before I can even finish that thought, the shrill pulsing shriek of the fire alarm fills the building, echoing down the halls from other rooms.

I immediately jump up and rush to the Zorphax delegate and her translator. "Come with me." I say, as I wrap my arm around her torso. And you, "Stick close." as I point to the translator.

We are some of the first out the auditorium door, and behind me I hear "--CKLY AND CALMLY EXIT THE BUIL--" over the loudspeakers.

In the hall, the smell of smoke is heavy. The acridness bringing tears to my eyes and burning my nose and lungs. No time to think, just get to the door I tell myself. Moving swiftly down the wide white-tiled hallway, that bifurcates the building, several firefighters, in full reflective and respiratory gear, run past.

A few moments later, as we breach the front doors, the mild air feels refreshing as it hits my skin, but my ears and eyes are no longer assaulted by the alarm, but not it's the wail of sirens, accentuated by the blasts of air horns and the flashing lights of emergency response vehicles, as a couple police cruisers and another firetruck arrive adding to the one that was already on scene. A few people are directing us, and other evacuees, to a safe area that has been cordoned off already, in case of such an event. Glancing back at the building, a plume of black smoke grows ever thicker, reaching for the sky.

Once we are able to catch our breaths, inside the safe area, the Zorphax leader makes clicking and gnashing sounds to the her translator. The translator turns to me and with a chirping undertone asks "Who robot men?"

"Robot men?" I repeat quizzically.  
"Yes, robot men." the translator reaffirms while acting as though he is wearing heavy gear."Oh! You mean the firefighters!"A quick exchange between the 2 Zorphax ensues."What mean fire*fighters*?" the translator asked. "No can fight fire. Is not possible.""People are firefighters and the stuff you saw them wearing was gear and technology that allows us to keep the firefighters safer, as well as allowing them to find others who might be in danger from the fire."

"Look, watch the door." I point towards the building. After a several moments, 2 firefighters exit the building each carrying a body that is blackened with ash and soot. As other first responders rush to their aid, they gently set them down at the bottom of the stairs, turn around, and rush back into the building.

"Fire not scare them?" the translator asked. "Fire big scary!""They are very scared, but their drive to help others in need, is stronger, even if they might die."