Dante's Journal: October 13th, 1985

A strange feeling fills the air in which I breathe.  A sense of... power almost. I got out of bed feeling said power. I wasn't sure how to describe it, but it was strange. I left the house wearing a leather jacket, my Huey Lewis & The News t-shirt, dark denim jeans, and a pair of sneakers. So began my routine day, whether I liked it or not. 

I took a swing by the arcade for about an hour, even though I'm fresh out of college. I racked up some pretty good scores for Defender, Centipede, and Asteroids, but something about the games felt all too familiar, and I couldn't find a reason as to why that is. 

When I left the arcade, I stopped by the music store. The distant sound of Chuck Berry songs filled the dead silent store. I looked through some Queen discs and cassettes, and ended up settling with their 1975 album "A Night At The Opera". As I looked through more music, Randy, the poor clerk, found himself in a bad spot once again. A shadowy figure approached him, pointed a gun to his head, and forced him to take all the money from the cash register and give it to him. Once he left, I went and confronted Randy, who was cowering in a corner.

I left the music store and reluctantly went to my dead-end job as a repair man for an electronics store. It pays well, but quantity doesn't always mean quantity. The manager is a sleazy little bastard who gets paid for doing Jack shit each day. The clerks who work there are just as shady as the manager. They overprice the appliances, and they always hold up the line by taking a phone call or arguing about genuinely dumb crap for 20 minutes at most. The worst part is that I take the bulk of all this. Why don't I quit? Good question, because today was that day.

I walked home, and on the way back, Randy was talking to a police officer about what happened, the apartment building next to it had a brick thrown through one of the windows, and one of the kids from the arcade was getting mugged. I approached the muggers, and they ran away. These were adults, older than I am, and they just ran off. Why? That's the strange part. I don't know why. I walked toward the kid, who was bloodied and bruised, and I picked him up. He told me where his home was, and it was the apartment building next to the music store. I rang the doorbell rapidly, set him down, and disappeared into the shadows, just like I always do.

Dante's Journal: October 14th, 1985

My alarm clock was beeping aggressively, I woke up with one hell of a headache, and I looked out the window to see a full-blown riot happening in the street. I think it's safe to say that my day began on a different note than usual. I put on my jacket, a David Bowie shirt, a pair of jeans, and my sneakers. I opened the front door to see everything that was going on, and as soon as I stepped foot outside, everything stopped. Everybody froze and stared at me in pure, absolute fear. I walked up to one of the people and asked what the problem was, and she pointed to my chest. I looked down to see a sleek, cybernetic suit instead of my normal clothes. I looked at my hands, and I snapped my fingers. And just like that, I found myself in the music store. I snapped my fingers again to find myself on top of the apartment building, and I snapped my fingers one last time to find myself in the street, still getting fearful looks from everybody that stood there. Was that why those muggers ran? I wasn't sure just yet, in fact, I wasn't sure about anything as to what just happened. What happened was my origin story. My name is Dante Moscowitz, and I just told you that story.