I had been here since the very beginning. At least, I think I had. The first thing I could remember was a blinding light, and lots of expansion. I was lonely for a long time after that. 

Lights began to form after a while. Or maybe it was only after a moment. I'm honestly not sure. What matters is that I saw the cosmos beginning to take shape. I was fascinated by them at first - the little specks of light. I could travel anywhere at any time, so I was free to explore the vastness of space. At first the stars were enough to keep me occupied. But I quickly explored all of them, and found them lacking-... Lacking a certain something.

Eons passed, and I eventually met a new force. One I had never encountered before: Life. It was small and microscopic at first, but I felt it nonetheless. It gave me a *purpose*. I knew what I had to do as soon as I felt Life's first spark. I had to snuff it out. I didn't hold any malice towards Life. Quite the opposite, since it gave me a reason to exist. But I had found my purpose, and I knew I had to carry it out.

It was fun, at first. Despite my best efforts, Life quickly grew into a bonfire. But even still, it gave me a reason to exist after being alone and purposeless for so long. I was glad to have the company, and a task at hand. I was dedicated to stamping life out, but I found it fascinating nonetheless.

And this continued for a few more eons, I suppose. I eventually settled into a rhythm - When things were first born, their fires were often so hot that I couldn't snuff them out even if I tried. And others were able to be rekindled from the brink of death. But they all faded to embers sooner or later, and that was when I struck. Things got out of hand after a while. I wasn't able to contain every single ember. Entire planets were set ablaze with Life.

But that was ultimately what led to Life's end. The fires that burn the brightest and the hottest also burn the shortest - Life spread incredibly quickly... Too quickly. It used up every single scrap of resources available. Then it began to burn itself out, even without my help. One by one, those gorgeous stars I had seen flicker awake began to burn out, and Life soon began to follow as their planets ran out of fuel.

I didn't *want* Life to be gone. Not truly. Life was what gave me a purpose, and a reason to exist. Without Life, I would be alone again. So I began to fight fires with a renewed passion. Not to end life, but to preserve it. By choking the flames, I could preserve what resources remained, and hopefully stall things just a little while longer. Like pruning diseased branches off a tree to preserve the healthy limbs.

Slowly but surely, the stars and fires of life had all gone out, despite my gentle coaxing and guiding; Quickly snuffing things out when they got too expansive, and routing the flames towards more abundant resources... Even with my best efforts, everything was dark again... Except for a single speck of light. As I moved to investigate, I felt it. Life. Not physical life, but the force itself. It was a small burning bush on an otherwise barren planet. It was blinding against the surrounding darkness. As I approached, it spoke to me.

It asked why I had been so dutiful in putting out the fires. It had desperately wanted to expand and grow. I wanted to see it flourish as well, and I told it so. I had only been trying to prevent the exact scenario we were in now - With just me, all alone in the cold and the dark. Again. 

And as I explained my reasons, as if to prove my point, the bush began to char and crumble. I wanted to pat out the flames near the base. Keep things burning for as long as possible. To not be alone again. But as I moved to do so, Life's flame begged me to stop. It just wanted to burn bright again. It knew that it would quickly consume the bush if left unchecked, but Life was consumed with a desire to consume. So I quietly sat there and watched the bush turn to ash. It was the least I could do, I supposed. After all, the final request wasn't wholly unreasonable. It was just a bush. And when it was burnt out, I was alone in the dark again.

I desperately wanted company. I wandered for an eternity, searching. Just searching. Hoping that I'd stumble upon another microscopic speck. But it never came. So I began gathering, instead of just searching. I gathered anything and everything. I even gathered the space and the time. I brought it all to a single spot. And when I had gathered everything there possibly was to gather, things got very hot again. It was a welcome change from the cold emptiness.

But there still wasn't any Life. I was still wholly alone. And in the dark... So I took that hot bundle of everything and everywhere I had gathered, and declared "Let there be light." And there was light. It was a blinding flash, followed by lots of expansion...

*(Note: Sorry for being so long-winded. I'd normally revise and edit this down to about 2/3 this length or less... But I typed all of this on my phone while sitting on the toilet, and am on my way to bed now. I figured I'd go ahead and post it without any kind of revising.)*