I clutch my boarding pass. This is the most afraid I've ever been.

I thought I was safe. I'd moved to Regina and taken a job in potash futures. You know how much water there is in southern Saskatchewan? Not a whole lot. You know how utterly, completely boring it is to spend eight hours a day gambling on crop production? Pretty goddamned boring.

I'd learned how to sponge-bathe. I only drank pop. I got low-capacity toilets and set them to the lowest possible setting. I gave up on *bidets*, which, let me tell you about sacrifices.

I thought I was safe. I thought the shark wouldn't get me.

But here I am, heading to a conference in Vancouver, practically the capital of water since it's *right on the Pacific Ocean* and *half the city is on islands in a delta*, because my bosses are *demanding* my presence at the conference.

I don't get it. I can do my job just fine from home. I can telecommute. What's so important about being there in person? Ever since we got bought by Carcharodon Partners SA, we've been making some bad calls, I think.

I board the plane. Normally, I'm good with planes. They're 30,000 feet from any water other than what's in the bottles, and the toilets never have water in them anyway. But I'm so consumed with terror I can hardly think about that. 

It's just a little Bombardier Q400, typical for in-Canada flights. I have one seatmate, a dour-looking fellow with black eyes in a grey business suit.

"Good day for a flight, eh?"

He turns and looks out the window. "Probably. I've never been good with flying."

I hold out my hand. It's shaking. I try to stop it from shaking. It doesn't work.

"Jared Alderhorn. I'm with Verde Agritech. I'm headed to a conference in Vancouver, I'm pretty excited!" 

He doesn't hold out his hand. He's still looking out the window. "Nice to meet you."

I drop my hand and settle in for a long flight.

The flight attendants trundle by with their cart. I pass on the water like I always do and get a Coke instead. My seatmate, however, gets three bottles, and instantly downs them all, like a man dying of thirst.

When he's done, he looks at me disdainfully. "No water for you?"

"No, it's.... it's just not my thing. I need a little caffeine, you know?"

"Ah." 

He pauses for a moment. "Alderhorn, you said?"

"Sure am."

He starts to smile. "That conference you're headed to... is that the one being put on by Carcharodon Partners?"

"Sure is! How'd you know?"

The smile is almost wider than his mouth. I can see his teeth. Too many teeth.

"I'm the CEO of Carcharodon. And let me tell you, I'm very.... *very* excited to finally meet you."