Day 1

This is what I live for right here, we just made history. All we can do from here is progress, and maybe eventually start the colonization process on other planets. 

Setting up is almost done, all we have left to do is our final counts and make sure we have enough supplies left to make it through the month. Tomorrow we finally step foot on Mars.


Day 2

We finally agreed on a spot to set everything up. There’s a hill about half a mile North of the landing zone that drops off into some flat land that would be perfect for a farm. Everything is just about finished all we have to do is flip the power switch. 

Tomorrow we are going to set up a continuous flow of water from the hill, these little machines they gave us are really nifty. It just creates water out of the little amount of oxygen in the air, however it takes about a week for it to really get going.


Day 3 

We got the trench dug out enough for water to start shaping a stream down to where we are planting our crops. As of right now I’m going to slow down on the logs. Unless something interesting happens.


Day 7

You guys are not going to believe what I found. I was exploring the area and stumbled upon a shallow crater. The Mars Curiosity Rover was just sitting down there. I brought it back to the dome and I’m going to attempt to scan the data off of it. 


Day 8

I plugged the Rover into the computer and the thing started talking to me. I sent the data into NASA and they are baffled by it. After not working for so many years, and it’s data becoming corrupt it can now speak as if it were alive. All the thing said to me was “Leave before they come.” I tried to pry it for answers but it would speak to me anymore. 


Day 10

I finally got the Rover to say something else, but I can’t get much more from it. It said “If I tell you, you’re just going to leave me here like the rest.” 

The dome is almost completely set up. Another few days and it will be completely self sustaining.


Day 12

After enough prying the Rover agreed to take me to where the others went as long as I didn’t leave him behind. This thing is actually starting to freak me out a little bit. He keeps mentioning “The Others” but we haven’t had a successful launch since the project started. We are the first ones that made it. 


Day 13

We left today to wherever this thing is taking us. It feels like we’ve walked for miles but it’s hard to tell because the stupid robot didn’t want us to take the buggy. He keeps insisting we are almost there. I’m beginning to become weary of it.


Day 15

It’s been half a month since we landed on Mars and I’m following a robot around an unknown area. If we aren’t there tomorrow I’m turning back.


Day 16

Holy shit. This thing just took us to a cave system. And said that’s where they went. He wants us to go into it with him but I don’t know, supplies is starting to get low I think we can explore it for a couple days or so. 


Day 20 

We set up a little camp in the cave last night and can you believe this shit? When we woke up it was gone. We are heading out of the cave now and heading back to the dome. Maybe it just went back to where I found it.


Day 24

We are officially lost. We took a couple wrong turns and can’t find our way out of the cave. May as well explore it until we make it out.


Day 25

This is unbelievable, we came across some hieroglyphics on the walls. It looks like it may be from some ancient colony. From what we could decipher it looks like a prediction of the future. There’s a ship that landed on the planet and people are colonizing it. It’s weirding me out a little bit but they could just be stories. 


Day 25 (night) 

I can’t sleep, I keep hearing a moaning noise. Everyone else is saying it’s just the wind and we are almost out of the cave. I’m unsure about that though. 


Day 27

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I gotta get out of here. Two of our team is missing. Maybe they wandered off and got lost in the night but I’m not taking any risks. I knew this was a bad idea. 


Day 27 (Night) 

This was a bad idea. I don’t know if I’m going to make it out of this alive. I’ve been running for the past two hours, everyone else is gone. This may be my final log.


Day 30

At least I can say I made it a month. I will no longer be recording the events of this expedition. This will be my final log. I am transmitting my tapes to NASA as I speak. Do not send help. Do not send another expedition. We are not alone.