The Unari Confederation looked across the debate hall at each other. Representatives from across hundreds of independent worlds. A sluggish and stout Avarian walk over to the podium. A strange sight given how stereotypically the Avarians were such a fay and energetic species only a bureaucrat could be so fat. He slammed the electric gavel and began to speak. 

“Hello and welcome to the 474th annual meeting of the Grand Unari Confederation. First  on the agenda is a number of newly discovered systems! Four in total two of which contain sentient species.”

The Representatives groaned, discovering one sentient species meant a very long meeting and despite the incredibly necessary spending on 978 luxury recliners it always proved uncomfortable. As the complaints died down the representative of the Hoplies came on to the stage. She held out a tentacles and with a shrill beaked voice said.

“Given that our scout ships are responsible for the discovery by Confederation code these two uninhabited planets are to be awarded to the Hoplies planetary union. Mining and colonial rights are to delegated to us.” She handily spoke.

“And for the question of the inhabited world?” A half asleep vordax yelled. 

“The Scout sent in retrieved as much in Information as possible on each world. Gorvad the first world is a ocean planet with Neolithic a technological level as such it is not eligible for the uplifting protocols.”

Early in its years the Confederation had tried to uplift a number of pre-copper age civilizations and even with the expertise of hundreds of scientists the leap just seemed to great. The worlds wouldn’t comprehend them and either did their best to murder the researchers or worshiped them as gods. Diseases posed a problem as well. A more advanced world could supply the Unari with biological data before direct contact was made. With less mature worlds it was required to catch and biopsy which meant a nightmare of safety protocols. 

“The second world is called Earth a Nuclear and computerized world it has 7.5 Billion inhabitants and a single species known as Humans.”

The hologram projector lit up as she spoke showing images of their unusually varied cultures one could mistake them as just a collage of different planets if not for the rare blue sky and the hairless mammals on screen in each of the slides.  The Avarian squirmed as he returned to give the full report on the humans. The paper gave a grim picture of what these people lived like. Earth had supported life long before they came along. Dominant species rose and fell dozens of times before humanity came along. They grew hardy and lived a generally long time compared to most sentient species though that wasn’t the concerning part. What was is the multiple near extinction event in their early years. Such conditions breed conflict, competition, and chaos and war like species came out of these conditions like a brutal forge.  Secondly the human lacked any other sentient species on their planet. For the most part these additional species would be mean each race would remain generally centralized in an area and gain a largely homogeneous culture before extending across the planet. But these human weren’t warlike physically. Honestly they lack any special physical ability other than keen throwing skill. Their minds however were clearly affected but strange to them every small thing was a challenge wether big or small. Stranger still was the contradictions the representatives saw in their world view; Humans longed for peace loved and cherished it even, but their drive to succeed, to progress it could be fed by war and conflict like nothing else. Human greatness reached its peak in fighting. This unfortunate circumstance was not lost on the humans their writers filled libraries with the nobility their people were capable of in war and the fruits of these great leaders in peace.  And in this rush to progress these humans even fight for the sake of peace. Nothing could break the resolve of their warriors more than the idea of peace. It was the greatest thing to fight for. These creature born into a world that bred war and conflict were willing to die for peace. They are capable of greater pursuits though. That same blind determination had sent them to grow at a fierce pace it took only 67 years for them to go from 12 seconds of flight to a expedition to their own satellite. They they forged innumerable industrial factories for the sake of entertainment in the form of trinkets. Their dark side was vast and haunting though but also not lost to them. Genocide, Cults and viciously effective weapons so terrible they even faltered at the idea of using them. 

The assembly was quiet. What was it then that defined these beings? 

“The defense of peace” 

A representative had finally spoken up. An old Florin from one of the oldest world in the confederacy. His weak legs made his cloak shiver as he stood to speak.

“I think that they are not war like at all. It is their world that makes it so hard to understand each other. In their world they have to give the chaos order. Peace does not come naturally to them yet they recognize it’s value. I believe that we should not disturb them they grapple with problem we cannot fix or understand. When they meet us in the stars they shall have earn what they seek.”

A representative from Condali interjected
  
“That honestly sounds like propaganda old man they fight for power and greed you saw the tapes their just fools murdering each other for wealth”

“It is that right Condalin? Then what makes them so different then us we have our history of cruelty. Unlike you I’m old enough to remember the reason our confederacy is named the Unari and why we are all called Unarins. The Unarins where a people just like mine or yours and they spread across the star in the old fashion not with scouts but with battle cruisers. Holding to the old pattern they ran across the galaxy brutally crushed each world they conquered. That is until an alliance of worlds fought bravely to defeat such a menace. The Unarins continued to fight losing world after world until they were left with only their home world Unis. In our gracious and enlightened way we bombarded Unis without so much as a warning. We slaughtered Unarins were ever they could be found. Unis was a planet of 14 billion people not all innocent but all undeserving of their fate. Their name is carried by this alliance now as a way to recognize are own weakness and blindness. We learned what mercy was to late that day and I believe that we should allow the earthlings the chance to gain peace before they lose it forever. 

