My hand trembles as I strike the last day off in the calendar. The final calendar; I hope. The pen stops and I lift it from the page, a single, short sigh of relief escapes my lips. Ninety nine years, three hundred and sixty four days so far and only one more until my solace is over.  I quickly hide my belongings under some debris in the corner, and prepare for one last foray out into the complex.

I barely remember not being so lonely. I know now that man was not meant to live like this. I used to consider myself a bit of a hermit, even among my colleagues and friends, but not seeing anyone, besides an autonomous robot, is torture to social creatures such as humans.

I swing my legs down from the overhang and drop to the clean white floor. Industrious robots carefully keeping the place free of any dust that may settle. It took months to find a nook that was "off the grid", one carefully removed panel that was out of sight of the cameras. Those blasted cameras that would catch me in the first couple of years, until I learnt where they all were.

I quickly scuttle down the empty hallway, I have 6 minutes before the maintenance window is closed. A sprint, a leap, a dash and I'm in the repository. Endless amounts of bland but nutritious food supplied by replicators that can turn barrels of amino acids into anything from runny eggs to runny snot. Urgh. At least I only had one more day of this. Shoving the tin cup under for the at-least thirty thousandth time, I quickly down the slimy contents and sprint back out the door.

Sliding under the last camera as it flickers to life, i round the corner just in time, once again. I pull myself up to the ledge and get settled, it's going to be another long night.

&#x200B;

My eyes snap awake as the artificial lighting comes on. Today is the day. I barely slept, my heart racing, my mind flooded with all of the wonderful possibilities. My friends who I have been waiting for, my lifeline of hope, will finally be awake today. It's only a matter of time. And time is the one thing I have had way too much of.

I quickly slip down from my perch, it's not the maintenance window right now, but if I'm extra careful it won't matter.

I sprint down the corridor, ducking and weaving between invisible fields of view. Hidden tunnels behind panels and grates serve me as I make my way to the residential pods. It's a long and verve wracking trek from my hiding place, but it's a journey I have been looking forward to for a long time.

I finally make it to the blast doors, with barely 10 minutes to spare. The large LED timer ticks down slowly and I can feel my heart beating heavily. This is what all the waiting has been for. Sequestered carefully hidden under the nearby gangway, I eagerly await.

&#x200B;

Finally the countdown hits 00:00. Large unused machinery swings from it's resting place and into the locks on the giant vault door. Engagement mechanisms clang loudly, and gears begin to grind. Concrete dust falls from the door edges as the door starts to separate. I hold on to the gangway as the entire cavern rumbles. I resist the urge to crane my neck to look into the widening opening as I wait impatiently. The massive door continues to grind to the side, ponderously slowly but deliberately. After an apparent eternity it finally comes to a resounding crash, tremendously rocking the vast room. I gasp as I slip from the ceiling of the gangway and land solidly on the bridge. Under the scrutiny of the dozens of cameras in the most watched room in the complex I lay completely still, expecting to be spotted at any moment.

A tense minute passes before I risk looking up. The cameras I can spot are all turned towards the now open residential pod. No huge group of people are forth coming, and the sterile scent-free air is slowly being replaced with a horrid, rotting stench. The noiseless peace is interrupted by a peculiar British voice.

"Well, ah, you see. They all APPEAR to be dead," the voice says nervously. "But we're not sure how many exactly ARE dead."

A robotic sigh cuts through the yammering, "Can you tell ME how many ARE alive?"

"Well, umm, that's hard to determine as well, as you see the computer is telling me that it's, umm, a very low number. In fact quite so very low that I'm pretty sure the computer is wrong, and by that I mean it's malfunctioning."

"How many!?" asks the voice.

"Zero in fact! That's an unfortunate number as it is, indeed, the lowest possible number of alive people there could possibly be. That's why I think it's a malfunction."

"The only one that appears to be malfunctioning is you."

The reality of the situation sinks in. Everyone's meant to be frozen here. I thought my pod malfunctioned, but it might have been the only one that worked at all by saving me. But if that's the case, then I'm the lone survivor out of hundreds of thousand of people. I leap to my feet and scream out in shock before I can stop myself.

I quickly shrink as a hundred cameras all turn towards in my direction. Suddenly the video screen comes to life and I'm face to face with the embodiment of the AI that I've been hiding from for a hundred years.  A single black lens with a red glow peers at me as a voice that always fills me with dread breaks the eerie silence,

"Well, well, well. Who do we have HERE?"

Without hesitation, I turn and run back into the complex.