Slightly NSFW 


Everybody tells me it's not possible. It's against the laws of nature and physics. Yes, there is a photo with a guy who wears camera and sun glasses more than 20 years before their invention but it's fake. No, Keanu Reeves just looks like this people from the old paintings, nothing more than a coincidence. Man, so many years have passed, and no-one found out? Are you really sure? How many shots did you drink that day? I'm serious too. Okay, just don't tell anyone about it. You sound like crazy. By the way, do you want to go watch the John Wick movie? Come on, he is your favourite actor! I'll fetch some popcorn. 


Sitting in a bar, you met him. No distinctive features, no posh or branded clothes, just another one man you see on the street. A perfect articulation with no trace of accent. Neutral greeting, neutral talk. But a very unusual request. 


"I need you to fulfill one simple task. Pass this letter to the person that will meet you in New York, year 2077, the 5th of November. Do not disclose your task to anyone as it will lead to unpredictable consequences. You will get paid right now, because I rely on your honesty. Remember - the 5th of November, 2077, New York. Do not try to follow me or search for me in the cyberspace. Do you understand me?" 


A shock has come later, with a realization that you have been visited by a time-traveller or a farseer and a surprising amount of money on your bank account. A little letter in your hand is a sign that you have been Chosen. Okay, a date is very distant, so maybe I will time-travel too! It's better to buy a good air proof container for the letter. 
Some days later you decide to open up to your best friend and immediately regret this. Of course, no-one would ever believe in such a nonsense. Following his advice, you put this event to the outer space of your memory just as you bury container in the lawn behind your house. 


It was 2014 year. Little did you know about the future and what secrets and fantastic ways it holds. 


"Did you finish the job, Victor?" Yes. 
"So, all we need to do is to wait for some time. As poets say constantly, the time flies. And we ride it, my dear. But all I want to do right now is to ride you, Victor" 


Several weeks later Victor and his mistress have left the flat, but no-one would have ever seen them leaving the town. There wasn't a hacking scandal around China, there wasn't an intrusion into CERN and certainly there were no signs of biologist and her Great Discovery. It was a wrong timeline. Or not, depending on the point of view. Maybe, for the first time everything went completely right. 