The boy opened his eyes. The dim agressive light of the hospital replaced by the soothing embrace of a sun that did not shine yet lighted the ethereal clouds he walked upon.

So its over, thought the boy, all this struggle and now...

Now there was a bearded man.

"Are you God?"

The ancient sighed.

"No."

He then stood still. Awaiting further questions to annoy him.

"uuhh, where is God?"

The whitehaired individual sighed again.

"Down the hall, section B6."

The boy was confused, but too tired to complain. He moved down the hall and past the gate without saying anything. He encountered a few doors with letters and numbers above them, like the hospital. He entered through B6, and found a legion of strange beings awaiting his arrival. Egyptian looking animals  to the left, Roman toga wearing men and women  to the right...and here he was, stuck in the middle as a mortal.

"And so the young Michael has arrived. Then let us proceed with the soul before us. My boy, take a seat."

The latter looked around him, there was no seat, he panicked.

"My boy it was a manner of speaking. You are in the hollows, all mortals can do anything here, really. Just make the chair appear through sheer force of will."

"Really?" And as if to answer his question a chair appeared.

"Amazing!"

"Micheal, we are here to help you choose the heaven you desire."

"Oh?"

"Yes, the representatives of each heaven are going to make a sales pitch. But you get to choose, in the end."

"Where is the heaven where I can see my parents?"

There was a silence.

"I am sorry my boy. You cannot see the living."

"But... I really want to see them...I...I...miss them so much..."

The boy started crying.

"If you try to go back to the living we shall stop you."

And then it became obvious to the boy.

"In here, my sheer force of will can do...anything."

He made a big grin. As he increased the size of his body and mass.

"Do not do this boy. We are gods, we can defeat you."

"Maybe you are gods but I...AM...SUPER GOD."

And so the boy fought the legions of the hollows. Defeating all faiths with his alone. For in this realm the true gods are mortals armed with the freedom of choice.

As all deities lied defeated, a nordsman with a hammer came before him.

"You truly are the mightiest. I, Thor, son of Odin, bow to your will and shall help you go back to the realm of life."

"I love you Thor! Especially in comic number 87!"
"What?"
"Nothing, I am just a big fan."
"Oh, thank you. To reach the living we have to defeat the master of the dead."

And so Micheal and Thor went on to battle death itself. As its black form was melted by Micheal's will to live again a portal opened. It was his house.

"Farewell Michael. Live with honor!" said Thor as the boy disappeared into the portal.

The gate ceased to be and Thor sighed.

He removed his silly clothing and allowed his age to appear again.

Then the ancient walked out a door and found God waiting for him.

"Live with honor? What was that?"

"I don't know. I improvised."

"But he bought it all?" 

"Yes, of course."

"Good."

"Good? We just lied to a child with this grotesque farce."

"Dont blame the child for having simple childish taste."

"I blame you for making him believe he could escape death. To turn his after life into an illusion. What kind of heaven did you make for him?"

"The kind he wanted."

"He didnt choose this after life!"

"He didn't choose to live in the first place."

"I keep teeling you to stop building those kind of heavens but you never listen.There is no arguing with you. I hope this was worth it."

The old man left.
God looked upon the section  of heaven the kid resided in now. A perfect recreation of earth at the time of his death.

The boy embraced his parents.

"You did it Michael. You defeated death through sheer force of will like you promised us. We are so proud of you!"

The boy smiled, and cried.

And that is when God knew.
Yes it was worth it.

