Some say routine is a killer of time, that walking the same path over and over again will engulf a man until he believes it is the only thing that give meaning to his life. Not me. Mainly because I am not a man, nor do I have a life, at least not in the sense that you would understand. That's not to say I don't appreciate the comfort of reliability and patterns. Makes eternity go by a little quicker.

Humans are so predictable. The denial, the begging, the eventual acceptance. Billions and billions, all the same. That's why the high point of my week is Fred. Fred is a simple soul, never fearful, never asking for more than what he has. I wish more of my wards were like Fred.

Fred sat in his usual spot, next to the door that led to a place that was not a place. He looked up at me as I popped my head out of the darkness.

"We have to stop meeting like this, Fred."

He grinned and sauntered towards me slowly. We walked together, slowly, taking our time. There was no rush, as time did not exist on the path we shared. I looked down at him, glad of his silence.

"How many times is it now, Fred? Nine?" I asked my friend. He did not reply in any words that you could understand, but the look in his green eyes as he looked up at me, spoke an entire novel. It spoke of a full life, of warmth, of contentment, of gratefulness of the numerous opportunities to return and tell those who loved him that they were loved and appreciated. Fred seemed unconcerned about the fate that waited for him at the end of the path,  So refreshing!

The gate was approaching. A deep pang of...something... filled the place where a heart would be if I had one. Despite my poor attempt at a joke, I knew exactly what awaited Fred once he had completed his ninth journey down this path. And what awaited me.

I stopped and watched as he continued onward. Fuck it, I thought, and then did something that I had never done before. I offered Fred a choice. To turn around and walk back with me, to become my companion, my BFF, until he found something better, or got bored. Or continue on their current path, and cease to be.

Fred looked up at me  earnestly as he considered eternity. "Will there be sunshine to sleep in?" he spoke without moving his mouth, his sharp teeth remaining hidden.

"No, Fred, there is no sun here".

"Will there be things to chase?" he asked, the tip of his orange and white striped tail flicking in...irritation? Attentiveness? 

"Hmmm..." I looked around, hoping to see something to make a toy out of. Nothing was there but nothing. I noticed a scrap of cloth dangling from my sleeve. "My robe gets a bit tatty sometimes, will the ripped tendrils be good game for you?"

"Perhaps. What about a lap to curl up on? To dream on?"

I considered his curious questions with surprise and a little of something that I imagined was sadness. "There are no dreams in this place, Fred." Not to discourage him though, I continued quickly. "But I have a lap, and I give excellent scratches behind ears."

Fred smiled, purring, and walked over and rubbed his head against my leg. "Let's be off then, friend. I have no where else to be right now." 

My empty chest cavity felt full as we turned away from the gate and walked back the way we came.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;