  

My thoughts raced as I stared at the file in front of me. "How?", "Who knows?", "Who started this case?", "Why do they want to mess with me?" -- questions crowded in my typically well-organized mind, and this time I didn't have any clear tracks to follow along, nor any itch of the intuition -- that golden feeling of premonition that I often got when I was getting acquainted with a new case. After all, I was the best investigator in our Unit. Sometimes I thought it was some six sense that sent me on the right path where others followed all the obvious, and yet wrong leads. And other times I thought it was all due to my logic and ability to put together different pieces of the puzzle and make them fit in a way that would expose all layers of the story. Because there were always layers, never just the surface picture.

   
 

This time the picture staring at me was an old black and white photo of a child. The edges of it were fraying, and it was hard to distinguish the background, beyond a ghostly-white face, crowned with a large forehead and midnight-black eyes. Those eyes spoke of wisdom and maturity. Looking at the face, one would guess the child to be at least five years old, more likely even older. And a handwritten date on the bottom left corner of the picture confirmed as much. It said: "Eldar. Age 6." Except I knew that the note was wrong. The child in that picture was one day shy of his 4th birthday, only just starting to explore the new world and his role in it, both curious and afraid, cautious and excited, and, more than anything, committed to learning more and exploring more. The reason I knew this with such precision and could read the exact thoughts hiding behind those unnaturally dark eyes, was because that child was me. 

   
 

"Who's behind this?" -- I thought again, and tried to lay out the relevant information in orderly fashion in my head, just as I would do for any other case. The story of my life was as simple as it was well documented: born in 1949 in a small village near Paris, France and raised there until I was three and a half. I remembered very little of that part of my life, but I still had a yellowed birth certificate, signed by a local midwife, and several pictures from that bucolic time: me on a toy wooden pony, waiving my toy saber; me with my *nounou,* Louise, exploring a derelict chateau somewhere in Loire Valley, the ravages of war still visible on its walls; and me with my mom, her smiling at me faintly, but gently -- the sun streaming through her golden hair, making her look almost translucent and already not of this world, even when we all thought her in excellent health.

   
 

I sighed as I remembered those pictures. If I closed my eyes and thought hard enough, I could still catch some memories of those days of pleasure and innocence. Days of playing out in the courtyard with our servants, but also days of already being taught my letters and numbers, as well as English, Italian and Russian. That English came particularly useful when, shortly after I turned three, my mother died unexpectedly and my father moved me to Wales. There was plenty of documentation for all of that, too: a coroner's report of my mother's death, an immunization form for me with barely legible notes from a local doctor, even tickets from our trains to Calais and then a ferry to Dover. Our route from there to Wales must've been more circuitous, but surely even those tickets were enough evidence. I still had them in a folder at home. I mentally pictured that first drawer on the left in my desk in my bedroom -- neat and organized as everything there. 

   
 

Sure, there was a paperwork gap from there to my first school transcript, but that's only to be expected. We lived on a remote farm about half an hour drive from Tal-y-lynn, only trees and dales surrounding us, with very little help and not much contact with the outside world. But my father spent a lot of time with me, teaching me and grooming me, and for most of the time it was enough, at least until he would get drunk on vodka he would have imported from Poland, and then he'd rant and rave in a language I could only half understand, and I'd hide in a corner under the dining table and listen to him scream phrases and names from his past. 

   
 

I smiled, remembering how I thought that the "Tallinn" from my father's rants -- the city where his family first flew after the revolution, before moving to France, was our Tal-y-lynn, with its small huts and a single pub at the crossroads. It was only when I was already five, and my father was grilling me on history and geography, that I would trace the road from Petrograd to Tallinn, and then a boat route to Klaipeda, and laugh at my earlier misunderstanding while trying to keep in mind all the names of royalty and nobles. All the Alexandras and Nikolases would get jumbled in my brain, and my father would yell at me, denying me dinner until I could recite each genealogy without a single mistake. All in all, it wasn’t bad. I was a quick learner, and the family trees stood straight and strong in my head, etched there with the help of my father’s heavy hand.  I was glad then that he named me “Eldar” – perhaps it would sound foreign to most ears, but I liked that it wasn’t yet another “Sasha” or “Kolya”, or some horrible “Ivan.”

I sighed again. Perhaps I was worrying too much, and things were much simpler than I thought. Let’s start at the end, rather than the beginning: how did this case get to my desk? Well, that one ought to be easy: my supervisor, the head of the Investigations Unit, probably did it in a fit of fancy, thinking that one Eldar may want to investigate the disappearance of another little Eldar. There, one piece of the puzzle is laid, and now I only have to find the other pieces to back it up. I can do it. I’ve always done it, and I’ve always kept them straight and was able to document it all, so I can do it now again, can’t I? 

I glanced at my ipad, where the news aggregation app was permanently open and the latest news were scrolling through. The planet was heating up. The geopolitical situation was shifting, and Russia was at the center of it again, asserting its force, trying to show the world its bear roar. And who knows, perhaps this time, as in the past, the bear will again bite more than it can chew, and then the tides will turn, and there will be another internal change, another revolution, and maybe another restoration, and then it will still be time enough for me to use my orderly mind and my orderly files. Perhaps. But not just yet. For now I just need to put together a complete enough file for this decades-old case. 

....

&#x200B;

\------

More later, if people are interested