“I told you you needed to be more careful on the road,” he said, oh so certain he was right. 

“That can’t be all of it,” I snapped back, though thought to myself that it surely was a good portion of it. I would never tell him - not even here in the afterlife - that all those times I’d gotten so close to death were because of me. Not like I was being reckless or careless or just plain risky, but because I had a lot of problems with myself - problems with my head - that had gone unresolved for too long. Maybe I’d never pressed blade to flesh, and maybe I’d never held a gun to my head just to feel that cold metal against my burning skin. The trouble with holding back was that no one knew to help you. No one could see you had problems if you kept a lid on it. 

I averted my eyes from him, thinking back on all the evenings contemplating my own mortality, knowing that I wouldn’t have to contend with my pain anymore if I finally ended it all. I’d made plans, but never followed through. ‘Id wished I’ll on myself and hoped that some higher power would just reach down and fix everything. Kill me, kill it, kill whatever the problem was. But I didn’t only blame myself. Even now, as I stand before death with all of eternity stretched out before me, I continue to look back and reflect on all the times he wasn’t there for me. All the times I would be crying next to him, and he wouldn’t say a word to me. 

The accusation must have manifested on my face somewhere, because he let out an irritated sigh. “Seriously? You’re blaming me? You never accept that things could be your fault. You’re as bad as your mother.”

I turn away from him, because my tears have never fazed him, and now I see that they never will. And that is how I know that this is not Heaven, because there are no tears in Heaven. Somehow - probably because I deserved it in my infinite stupidity and unworthiness and just plain shittiness - I had ended up in Purgatory, or Hell, or whatever this miserable place was. 

The number over my head blazed at me, hurting my eyes. It seemed for a moment that it would increase, but it did not. Of course not. I was already dead. And this was my punishment. Fitting. Now even death held no escape for me. 