Ever heard of Déjà vu?

Most would describe it as a feeling of "being there" before. A sense of familiarity to a scene that you are sure you have never experienced. Some attribute it precognition. Others think it's a trick of the mind, a mental anomaly. Past mixing with present. They're both wrong. The phenomenon coined as Déjà vu is nothing more than a defense mechanism to preserve your human self.

Switching, which I will dub this phenomenon, is used to make sure you survive. For example, let's say you're walking out of a cafe. You're walking down the sidewalk heading towards your destination when a car barrels towards you. In this situation, you only have seconds and yet you freeze and the car slams into you ending your life. In another world you do the same thing but this time it flashes you that sense of familiarity. You shift and the car barrels past you killing another pedestrian. You cry out. You fall down but you're okay. You're alive.

Some things to note that this mechanism is purely self driven. If other people die in the vicinity, the switching wont occur. But if your life is danger then the switching. This also make us quite immortal in a way. To avoid unfortunate deaths and live long lives. But there are some questions that it brings up.

What about the people around us?

Do we live forever?

Just a few of the questions that it brings up. To my understanding of the subject and some research, I subscribe to Hamilton understanding the human exist alone. While we may occupy the planet together and interact, we are truly only ourselves. Everyone are mere ghosts, imitating humanity as far as the universe is concerned because switching prioritizes self preservation. Each person lives in their own universe. If you want to learn about this and explore more of Hamilton's theory, I urge you to check out Grey Hamilton's *A Universal Constant* if you want to know more.

On the second most asked question, the answer is no. While it does give you conditional immortality and immunity to death, it is not immortality. Everyone dies. That is the reality.  Some experience their life "flashing before their eyes" which is another phenomenon we talk about in depth next week. For now think of it like a highlight reel that shows what happened and could of happen all truncated in a few seconds. And others, nothing. We all succumb to death much like the universe will when all the stars that we look out to over a billions of year all die. Its a sobering thought surely but such is the reality. 

And with that in mind that is the basic overview of the Swithing. 

Now we are going to discuss its implications. For the next couple of weeks we discussing the psychological, economical and scientific applications of switching and how it could be used to help humanity. 

I hope you are all ready. Class begins now.