Before I'd even opened my eyes, I knew that I was back in the limbo-land that I so dreaded. The smell of the ancient tomes and parchments, that used to remind me of almonds and vanilla, now brought to mind the confines of a musty prison cell. Solitary.

I'd tried so hard to stay awake - three tortuous weeks. Three weeks of caffeine and migraines and pain, only to end back here, again. I'd spent most of my life in this accursed library, but that didn't mean it was my home.

Reluctantly, I forced my eyes to open. I was lying on a cold, stone floor in a grand corridor; dark panelled walls were mostly hidden behind sprawling rows of packed bookshelves. Above the shelves, at the top of the wooden panels themselves, carved illustrations depicted winged beasts waging a terrible battle.

The books that lined the shelves had been placed there haphazardly, some jarringly put back with their spines facing away from me. There was always a particular lure to those books, the promise of the unknown. Perhaps one of them might explain this dream world, I thought. Perhaps one held the secret that would get me home.

I'd been here so many times before - every time I'd fallen asleep, since I was five years old. The first few visits, I'd read books to entertain myself and to whittle away the almost endless time. But when I realised that I could recall the words I'd read, upon waking, I had an idea. I would read the books that held real knowledge; I'd become clever - I'd learn more than any person had ever known.

So, I tried to read them all. With time on my side, and a fierce motivation burning in my belly, I began.

I'd been fastidious with my planning. I'd start with the bookshelf I'd woken next to, and work my way through them all, until I got to the end.

Only, there had been no end. I'd read and read until I'd forgotten all that I'd learned from the first book. I realised in that moment that there was far more knowledge here than was possible for me to absorb. For a human to absorb. And I knew also, with an unshakable, terrifying certainty, that this place wasn't meant for us.

As always, I had little choice but to walk on or to read. I decided on the former. The corridor in front of me twisted and dipped like a crooked corkscrew, but I followed it, forward and downward. Always forward. Always downward.

The days turned into weeks and the weeks... I promised myself that I wouldn't stop; that I wouldn't read a single, pointless book - I'd only walk. I'd walk until I found something, or I awoke.

I can't say how many months I'd spent wandering the lonely corridors by the time I reached it - perhaps three, perhaps more. The corridor had finally bent back into a u-turn, and a wave of disappointment washed over me; it was going to take me back the direction I'd come from. But I followed it reluctantly, and to my great surprise and consternation, the corridor soon ended.

A single book shelf stood in front of me - books with wrinkled leather spines, quite unlike all the others. They smelled differently, too, but not in a pleasant way. There was something grotesque about the smell. But I hardly noticed, being far more amazed that this world had an end - at least, of a type.

I removed a leather bound volume from the shelf. The cover simply read "Sarah".

I opened it.

There were no words on the pages, but there didn't need to be. The pages were made of a strange, rubber-like material, with rich blue veins running through them - almost as if it were-

I knew then that the book was made of Sarah's skin. I flung it to the floor in utter disgust. My body attempted to throw up, but there was nothing to come out of me. Feeling dizzy and nauseous, I collapsed onto the stone floor below. Every other book I'd opened - ever - had been on history, or geography or some other banal subject.

After an hour or so, the dizziness subsided and I, fortifying myself against the horrors, picked out another book. "Nathaniel," "Chloe," Esther."

They were all... someone - or at least, had been.

I removed a few more volumes, discarding them in a heap behind me. That was when I saw the red behind the bookshelf. There was something tantalisingly different hidden back there.

I hurriedly removed more books, tossing them from the shelf. Finally, I saw it for what it was. A dull, red door. Metal and rusted. A door!

The empty shelf in front was too large for me to move, but it still obstructed the door. I crawled onto a now-empty shelf adjacent to the handle, and wriggled my way towards it.

As my hand touched the cold metal handle, a voice called out from behind.

"For Gods sake - don't!"

The voice was lilting and high, but there was no mistaking it for what it was.

It was a warning.