"What is a young girl like you doing standing in a place like this?" he asked. A bit cliche, perhaps, but fitting for the moment.

"I'm waiting," she said. 

"Waiting? Waiting for what?"

"For the end. Always the end. Why are you here?"

"Because I saw a young, beautiful girl in a sea of people and was curious." 

"It can't be the first time you've seen a beautiful girl." 

"No, not the first, but certainly the first time so many have avoided her as everyone seems to be doing to you. It made me curious. They almost seem...offended by your presence. I can't say that I've ever seen anyone so offended by a beautiful woman before." 

"Not unusual," she said. "I'm use to it. It's more unusual to find someone like you that sees me as beautiful, and goes out of their way to talk to me." 

"And why is that?" 

"Because I'm death," she said. 

He began to laugh, thinking  she was making a joke, but she did not have the spark of laughter hiding in her eyes. It was just blunt truth to her. Was she mad? 

"I don't believe you," he said, finally. "Death is a skeleton in a black cape with a scythe."

"How stereotypical," she said. "But I suppose."

She waived her hand and the beautiful woman faded away to nothing but bones. Her clothing turned jet black, seeming to suck up the light from all around her, and the pencil she'd been holding extended into a long pole with a scythe at the end. Her eyes sunk in with nothing but glowing specks peering out from some dark depth. 

"We'll then," he said thoughtfully, "I suppose you were telling the truth." 

The image faded away and the young girl stood before him again. Pert breasts, beautiful blue eyes, and shining brown locks. 

"Okay, you're death," he said, "but I never would have noticed if you hadn't shown me. Why is everyone else avoiding you?" 

"Because everyone sees me according to how they see death. "Most people are constantly avoiding death, trying to be safe and protected in their shell. They avoid me without even really knowing why they do so. The young have no concept of age, or death so they can't even see me. Then there are those who fear me, and they see me as a horrible figure, a threat. They are actively disgusted by what they see." 

"Ah," he said. "I suppose that does explain things. After so many years on this planet watching my family age, my friends die, and life grind on around me I've started to think of death as a pleasant friend waiting for my arrival rather than a threat."

She nodded smiling at the old man before her. 

"It isn't quite your time yet," she said, "but soon. I'll be waiting for you in my home on the river Styx, and we'll have tea." A sweet smile crossed her lips. "But not too soon," she said. 

He smiled and patted her on the shoulder. He could feel the bones through her shirt, but he wasn't afraid. It was far too late for fear. 

"I'll see you soon, old friend," he said, then turned and walked away. 