There is a nostalgic feeling in the air, a heavy feeling weighting down on me as a group of children whisper to each other. They were scared, crying. I couldn’t help but feel out of a place in a situation such as this.

In my line of work, those kinds of feelings are extremely common, no matter how many eons pass, and no matter how many people you meet on the job. But, if I had to point something that changes within this continuous line of work it would be…

The people… their behavior, their personality.

No soul is ever the same. Humanity never ceases to surprise me.

“I’m going to save them.” 

The words of this child didn’t allow for uncertainty. It was a statement, and he wholly believed his words. There was so much confidence in them that I wanted to laugh out loud.

In the distance, I could hear the sound of explosions, the sound of buildings crumbling down, the sound of souls screaming in pain, longing for help, or at the very least for someone capable of taking them away peacefully. The noises got closer and closer with every second and the room itself vibrated with every detonation worrying its residents more and more.

But there was no point, none of this is real, it is only a representation of the past, a representation of the memories of an old man who had nothing to live for and no one to live for him. Someone who lost everything due to his own actions.

“In a place such as this, there is no place for hope, everyone here will be eliminated, and the souls of this place will never find comfort. This is not only a place for Death, but a place for Eternity, and that outcome is something that will never change”

*he knows this, I know this, but even so… he is... still going to try...* I thought  *just what does he think he can do in a single hour?*

“I don’t care” he states, in a tone that is abnormal for an eleven-year old “I’m going to save them, you’re the one who said it, it’s my last hour in this world, and I get to do what I want with it."

More detonations in the distance, more souls are screaming. Their screams are trying to carve their way into my head.

*I can’t help you*

“I’m a coward," his voice cracked as he said that, but his voice regained his certainty the more he spoke "I couldn’t save them back then, but now… there is a chance, a chance to create a different outcome, even if *I’m* not the one who lives it.”

“Impossible, none of this is real, it doesn’t matter what you do, your actions will have no impact in this world” I said, loud enough to keep the screams in the background “all you're doing is… self-satisfaction”

“Yes.” he says, while he caressed the head of a small girl on his lap, she couldn’t see me, but knew that something was in there in the room with them. Children were always susceptible to this sort of thing, and even more so when every child in the room had experiences with death before, even if they were nothing but fabrications. “But granting that self-satisfaction is part of your job… isn’t that right Reaper?”
