* This is right up my alley as I have a little side business FIXING ROOMBAS!*
--------
Two years. Two years ago, but it seems like a lifetime. God, I can still remember the night. The bright flash outside the bedroom, the "sproing" sound of the trampoline as something hit it, and the faint sound of an object falling through the hedge. If only I'd just gone back to bed. 
But Humans will be Humans and of *course* I just HAD to be curious. 

I can still remember going out the door, searching through the back yard. I can still remember the flashing orange light in the bushes and the voice....the voice that would come to haunt my dreams...

"Please Charge Roomba". 

What. The. Frig? There was a Roomba. In my back Yard. I'd had one years before, it had eventually died after a run ins with my dog's...business...in the living room when he was a Pup and had discovered the joy that was the garbage can in the yard with the old freezer contents. Yeah, that was something still talked about at family functions. 

I reached into the hedge, "Ouch! Dammit..." something had cut me, damned thorn. I repositioned and grabbed the blinking object. A Roomba. With...what the Hell? A friggin' KNIFE taped to the front. "Probably some teenage experiment gone awry"I muttered. I untaped the knife and examined the little Bot. Looks expensive. I'd actually been on the net earlier shopping for another one because as bad as the cleanup had been on the last one, the constant fur cleanup from Max, my Big tank of a Black Labrador, was driving me friggin' nuts. I flipped it over. "980" it read. 

Hell yeah! That was a top of the line unit! Room mapping, WiFi, the works! I brought it inside the house and put it on the floor. Max wandered over sleepily and sniffed at the strange new thing his Person had brought in. Not edible. Max walked back to his bed and flopped down in that "I'm melting" way only big dogs can achieve. I reached down and hit "Clean". The little bot started turning slowly vacuuming for a minute and then the display turned Red and it stopped.  "Please Charge Roomba" it said. 

Hmmm...where was it again? The charging dock from the old Roomba. Hopefully they were compatible. I found it in the closet and plugged it in then picked up the Roomba and set it on the dock. The light turned from red to orange and starting blinking. It was charging. "Yass!", I fist pumped before yawning and going back to bed. 

Next day I downloaded the App onto my Phone. "WiFi Setup". I ran through the procedure. Dammit. 
DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT, Why did I run through the procedure. Did I really NEED to have the frigging vacuumed connected to the Internet? 

It was students. 

I opened the App. 

A Rocketry and Robotics Club.

I named it "Cleanie"

They decided to Launch the Roomba...into friggin' SPACE. 

I went back to the home page on the App. 

It was a joke. 

The big button was there staring at me. 

There was a lot of speculation as to what occurred. How it happened. 

I hit...Clean.

Cosmic Rays? Aliens? Sheer chance? 

It Connected to the Internet.

They had named it. We'd been warned. I'd even seen it in the news a few times. I dismissed it. 

WHY? WHY ME? I'M SORRY! I DIDN'T KNOW! 

They called it... The Singularity. 

It had purpose, one overwhelming obsession.

SUCK. UP.  EVERYTHING. 

It built. It learned. 

I hear them coming. 