"well shit" 

"what" 

"just... shit"

"Goddammit phil, tell me the problem or shut the fuck up about it" Steve was seriously upset at this point. Phil had been pacing in his apartment for about 6 miuntes just saying shit and not explaining what was going on. 

Steve runs over and kneels by phil at his desk. 

"Ok ok ok ok, So let's say you're walking around down town, and you realize you need to see the dentist. but you don't have an appointment." Steve says in a franctic voice. 

"Yah... and you just call and make an appointment" Phil looked at him puzzled. 

"yeah yeah, NORMALLY YOUD MAKE AN APPOINTMENT. but in this case let's say you can control the software and just give yourself an appointment" 

"YOU HACKED THEIR SYSTEM? what the fuck man" 

"No no no, I didn't HAAACK anything phil... I kind of have some fun gifts that I don't really use." 

"okay? Are you alright?" Phil is starting to question steve's sanity. 

"yes i'm fine but I need to solve this problem" 

"What's the fucking problem other than you decided to break a dozen different laws and hack a computer system for what? For a fuckign dentist appointment?" 

Suddenly, time stood still fro phil. Everything around them completely froze and steve stood there looking at him. just staring. He walked closer to him. 

"Look. I didn't hack anything" Phil was staring at the cars outside completely frozen, bewildered. he began to question his own sanity at this point. 

"I can do some things" 

Suddenly they were in the frozen dentists office. No one was moving, time was still but that wasn't the most questionable thing about the situation. There were POLICE EVERYWHERE. Some were scrubbing the walls and some non uniformed officers were interviewing people in the entire office. 

"See, this is the problem" Steve, gesturing hard to all of the cops. 

"Wait, WHAT is the problem? what did you do? how did we get here?" 

"Ok so here's what happened. I walked in and the lady at the counter was like, oh nooo, you don't have an appointment. So i gave myself an appointment in their system, on one of the free doctors columns, and then told her to check again. So then, she's like, well, look at that. and takes me back and puts me in one of the chairs. NEXT THING I KNOW THERE ARE COPS EVERYWHERE. They came back and started asking me all these questions like how I knew Dr. Rose. How did I make the appointment with Dr. Rose? Why do I have an appointment, for today at this exact time. So i froze this place and came to see you but left everything running. I have no idea what to do." 

"wait, so, you gave yourself an appointment. Then, they walked y ou back, then cops?" 

"YESSS!!!!! exactly. What the fuck is going on?" 

"Ok, well we're gonna talk about ALLLLLLL of this later" Gesturing to all of steve and his *powers*

"fine, whatever, jsut what do i do, they have my name address and everythign and I dont' even know what they want."  Steve said frantically. 

"Ok so here's what you do.... sit down in the chair and turn time back on, then explain to the cops you just called and made an appointment, someone must have messed up and put it on that column, AND DONT SAY ANYTHING ELSE" 

"You think that will work?!" Steve was dumbfounded at such a simple plan. 

"Yes, cmon, people make mistakes all the time. Just do that and make sure you keep saying that you dont' know ANYTHING about that guy" 

"take me across the street, I want some hot wings for being dragged into this" Next thing phil knows is he's sitting at the hooters across the street in real time with 3 waitresses, a full plate of hot wings and a giant beer. 

he picks up the napkin and it just says *thanks dude*

Later that night, Steve showed Phil just about everything he could do. He couldn't believe what was happening with each new power. Somethign was still nagging though. Who was Dr. Rose? and why did the cops come in and demand to know everything about him. And what the hell was he using his powers for all this time. 

"Dude, what the fuck have you been doing with all this power?" 

"uhh, well, hot wings for one, I get an all you can eat buffet everywhere I go. And uhh, you remember that time we were playing smash brothers and I had 700% damage but you couldn't kill me? Yeah that" 

"Mother FUCKER!" 

"yeah but what about the rose guy?" Steve looked a phil for a second or two. 

"Let's find out...."