"Welcome to your deathbed! Here, we give you the choice of living once more or dying instead! Remember, this is a one time deal, you can only revive once to enjoy your life in full for a few more years. Isn't this a great deal for you and your loved ones?"

Katie stared incredulously at the overly chipper lady who had popped up next to her hospital bed. Some rando she didn't know was rambling on about getting another chance to live and how this was a one time deal. 

"Well, yeah, why would I want to die? Sign me up for this deal." Was this lady stupid? Of course she wanted to live. Hell, she would totally regret it if she died without having sex at least once with that fine hunk Steve at least once.

"Oh, that's just wonderful! I knew you would just regret not being intimate with wonderful Stevie at least once! That's why I wanted to offer you this deal anyways. I totally understand how you feel. But first, let's show you what we thought your top ten moments in your life so far were!"

Top ten moments? Sounded good. Katie knew that so far she lived a life she hadn't regretted. So many great things had happened to her like getting to go to Disneyland with Steve, getting that sweet sixteen birthday bash...

"And here's moment 10! Remember that day in middle school when you got your period in school? And you bled all over the seat? We found that absolutely hilarious! The look of humiliation on your face was priceless!"

Wait. What?

"Moment 9! Do you remember when you had that adorable honking laugh? It sure gave us a lot of laughs when you laughed so hard that the milk you were drinking came right out of your nose!"

Noooooo, please stop. Wasn't this supposed to be the top ten moments of her life? Why were they talking about her most embarrassing moments?

"Oh Katie, I never said that the top ten moments of your life were what you considered to be your top ten moments. See, in the afterlife, we have so much time that you humans give us such joy when you have antics such as yours!"

"Anyways, continuing on, here's moment 8! It gave us all heartbreak when we saw you were rejected by your first crush. We totally felt for you when you had that crying fit in your bedroom. Teenage drama and angst is always so heart rending."

Okay. That was cool. It was kind of embarrassing hearing about her first crush, but she was so over it now. Turns out Jake had been kind of a dick and she had dodged a bullet there.

"Moment 7! Now, do you remember the condom incident? It-?"

'Holyyyyy shitt, please kill me now.' Katie didn't want to hear a rehash of the condom incident ever again.

"Oh, tough luck sweetie. Looks like you chose the path of death in the end. And we didn't even get to your best moments!"

"Wait, I didn't say I wanted to die just yet!" Katie shouted.

"Well, to us, thinking and saying things are the exact same. Haven't you noticed you haven't said anything ever since I started on your best moments? Don't worry sweetheart, I'll make sure you die painlessly and get placed in a good division in the afterlife!" 