*ring ring*

"Hi, this is Gregg."  "No, I don't have any appointments."  "New hire?  Let me check my email just to make sure nothing came down."

 "Hi Gregg,

We've been aggressively recreating candidates for the IT positions you references in the email you sent Friday.  Unfortunately we haven't found any good fits.  We sympathize with your concerns about the compensation being below industry standards but we strongly believe that our company culture will be attractive to the candidates who will provide excellent value to the department.

As a matter of fact you will be onboarding a candidate for the tier 1 position tomorrow at 9am.  We're all counting on you.

Best wishes,

Chad"

9am?  Email received at 9:07.  Thanks Chad.

Onboard the "new candidate"?  I can't even have a name?  This is why we can't attract talent.

"I'll be down in a minute.  By the way, what's his name?  Otto?  Ott?  Just - Ott?  Ok, thanks.  Bye."

What kind of a name is that?  Millennials...

To my surprise I bespectacled man in a trench coat and a bowler hat was standing in the lobby.  He had a laptop slung awkwardly over one shoulder and was carrying a large plastic bag filled with water and a number of live fish.

This will be interesting.  At least I'm not going to be training my replacement.

"Hi there, Ott.  I'm Gregg.  I'll show you around and introduce you to the team."

I extended my hand.  Ott's free arm jerked towards me, retracted, jerked forward again, then moved in a vaguely circular motion.  I turned my offer of a handshake into a half-wave half-salute before turning to push the call button for the elevator.

Once inside the elevator I couldn't help but notice Ott's profound amount of facial hair and some unusually long whiskers.  That was not even the most unusual thing about our new hire.

He seemed incapable of standing still.  His limbs and even his torso undulated beneath his clothes.  I immediately felt a twinge of guilt for the momentary judgements that flitted across my mind.

The doors opened at the second floor.  "Morning Terry."  "Morning Gregg."  "Terry, this is Ott; Ott, Terry.  I'm onboarding Ott today.  He's going to be working under Lindsay.  Terry is our office administrator.  Great guy."  "Good to meet you Ott!"  Terry jovially slapped Ott on the shoulder, seemingly dislocating his shoulder.  Ott half collapsed.  Strange noises emanated from all over Ott's body.  Scratching noises, barking noises?  What kind of medical conditions does this guy have?

The doors opened on the third floor.  "We'll be seeing you Terry."  To his credit Terry seemed completely nonplussed by Ott's appearance, behavior, and - bag of live fish.  No doubt there would be water cooler gossip in abundance.

Hours later...

The conference call did not go well.  I'm all for diversity in the workplace but I hardly think filling the water cooler with live fish is a reasonable dietary accommodation.  Ignoring everything else how can I communicate with a guy whose vocabulary is restricted to barks and grunts?

I stood outside Ott's office for a moment, listening.  Listening and brooding.  I'm not a stickler for seniority but how does Ott get an office on day one?  Even his supervisor is in a cubicle.

TAP TAP TAP TAP TAP

Who types like that?  I shouldn't judge.  Maybe its a muscular or neurological condition.  *sigh*. I turn - or attempt to turn the door handle.  Locked.

TAP TAP TAP TAP

*Knock knock knock*

The typing stops.  A crack in the blinds.  Beady eyes - shit, maybe I do need sensitivity training - peek out momentarily.  The blind closes.  The tapping - I mean typing - resumes.

I take ten deep breaths.  They want me to let him work independently.  Fine.  He knows my extension.

Days pass.

The office reeks of seafood, excrement, and urine despite all the tickets I've submitted to maintenance.  Ott hasn't dispositioned a single ticket as anything but a tier two escalation.  I am falling further and further behind as a result of the mandatory meetings, evaluations, and counseling sessions.  I'll play the game for now.

"Morning Terry."  Terry turns away from the elevator and darts down the corridor.  I go to the barrel where the water cooler used to be and empty my bag of fish into it.

"Gregg, you're a good guy.  I've really enjoyed having you as part of the team, but I'm going to have to ask you to turn in your badge and collect your things."

"But... you saw the video!  He's not a person!  He's literally otters!"

"Whatever video you may have submitted was taken in violation of company policy.  Furthermore the disparaging remarks you have made and continue to make regarding Ott reflect a mindset that conflicts with our company culture and a number of company policies."

"But - Ott - isn't- a - person."

"We're done Gregg.  You're done Gregg.  Security will escort you out."