"Mr. President, we have the two. Are you ready to meet with them?" asked Vice President Peck, standing with one hand on the door ready to usher in those outside.

The President paced the Oval Office nervously, “bring them in." He sat at his desk and crossed his arms.

The Vice President opened the door. Two secret service agents entered first, eyeballing the room then taking up positions on each side of the door. Behind them walked in two rag-tag twenty something year-olds. They were directed to take the two seats in front of the President's table.

"So," said the President. "You two are the savages who broke the world record for staring.”

“Yes, sir,” answered one of the men.

“I want to know,” said the President.

“What we seen?” asked the other man.

“No. I want to know how you did it.”

Vice President Peck interrupted, ““Mr. President, I don’t think ..”

“Don’t think I care about how to stare like the best of them, Peck? Is that it? Don’t think I have what it takes, you son of a bitch?”

“No, sir. It’s just that these two men have some very important information that we need to understand.”

“Stand up, son,” ordered the President, standing next to one of the men. “Stand up and stare me out like a man.”

“I don’t think I want to,” replied the man, who was now awkwardly sitting in his chair with no idea how to approach the situation.

“I’ll have you know I fought in Vietnam,” said the President.

“No you didn’t, Sir,” replied Vice President Peck, looking like this wasn’t the first time he had to fact check the President on this.

“Well I stare like Vietnam.”

“That doesn’t make any sense,” said the man in the chair.

“If it doesn’t make any sense then why won’t you face me eyeball to eyeball?”

“OK, I’ll do it.” The man stood up and looked the President dead in the eye, his eyelids spread and his face stern.

A whole four seconds passed before the President blinked.

“Argh!” he moaned out as he recoiled backwards into a wall. After catching his balance, he walked towards the young man. “What can I say? I’ve been gazumped by a superior athlete.”

“Are we free to go then?” asked the other man who was still sitting in the chair.

“Of course you are,” said the President.

“But, Sir!” shouted Vice President Peck.

“It’s OK, Peck. I can take the pain of defeat just as well as I can lavish in the ecstasy of victory. You get yourselves out of here, boys, but make sure you tell your friends I was a worthy adversary. Our battle will go down in the record books.”

“Yes, Sir,” said the two men in unison before taking their leave with the special agents in tow. 

The room was empty other than the President and his Vice President.

“What a battle, eh, Peck?” said the President who had now lit a cigar and was shadowboxing in a mirror. “Who do you have next for me?”

“Nobody, Sir.”

“I was under the impression those two men represented the start of an Iron Man-esque challenge in which I would take on the world’s best at various skills.”

“I can assure you that was not the case.”

“Then who were they?”

"They had discovered a 5th dimension, Sir.”

“Ah, I see.” 

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.