I plopped down in my soft leather chair. The flounder I’d had for lunch was a far cry from the pathetic turkey sandwiches that plagued my twenties. That’s what you get when you’re the best in the business. No one could track a person like I could. No one. And it was time to get back to it. 

I opened the file and looked at the picture. 

“Ha! She looks just like me,” I mumbled as I examined a photo of a blonde-haired toddler in a... green... dress. No. I quickly scanned the rest of the file. My heart stopped cold. It was me. 

“No... Chelsea Matthews... 1992... hometown... no. KYLE!!!”

“Hey, look what I found! Kind of tacky now, huh?” Kyle sauntered in, waving a tiny rainbow flag on a wooden stick, from the pride parades back in the day when we both had to fight to be considered normal. “Still, I suppose it’s important, and the nostalgia is still there. We should make one of those statues with bodies holding it up, except they should all be wearing - what the hell is wrong with you?”

My face was undoubtedly white. “I need you to enlarge this image. I want to see if this kid is crying. There should be a tear under her left eye.”

“Ok...” the confused Kyle took the photo and walked off.

It couldn’t be. It just couldn’t. My parents, my home life, it was great - it was the only good thing IN my life! I mean sure, it was rocky when I came out, but aren’t most families? And I had so many traits from my parents... but that was ME! I mean, it was right THERE!

I sunk my face into my hands. The picture. I knew, even before Kyle brought it back, that it was the picture. I hated frilly dresses, even as a kid, and that was the picture my mom used to laugh about. I didn’t want to wear the dress, and the photographer had captured a single tear under my eye, despite my vain attempts to smile. That was the story. 

“Here you go,” Kyle returned. “Now what’s wrong?”

Without a word, I pushed the file toward him. “I can’t get past the first page.”

Kyle gave me a wide-eyed look and opened the file. “What the fuck. What the actual fuck.”

Kyle scooted the enlarged photo at me. I felt sick to my stomach, as my eyes fell upon those of a little girl in a green dress... with a single tear under her left eye.