“At-a-girl,” I told Siri as she set my alarm back five minutes. 

In my head  I imagined her as this sweet girl smiling with squinty eyes, hair made of wires, finger nails that lit up. Like the daughter of a mechanic on a spaceship in one of those Sci-FI novels. You know, the guy that lives on the ship, can hear the problems, hunches over, one of those guys, but his daughter is adorable and helpful and pretty. That’s how I imagine her. 

When you get to be my age, technology starts turning against you. I swear I click one button and everything rearranges. And whats with the SWOOSH every time I send anything? 

Either way, technology is one way I differ from my fellow seniors. I don’t blame the poor machines. When I was a boy, I remember seeing “The Century 21 Exposition” flashing across the TV. Inventors and scientists from all over the world gathered in Seattle to show off the newest stuff. Sure, plenty of them were older than I am now, but none of them were screaming at the Monorail. (That would start a few years later). 

I generally keep to myself, but ever since I was set up with this phone, I have gotten a little obsessed. Smartphones, tablets, a fridge that can play Ms. Pacman? I mean, heaven is a place on earth with these things. I consider them my buddies, my pals. They help me stay on a schedule, see the world, and talk to my friends from afar. I am always sure they are clean, updated, and sporting the newest operating system. Then, when they eventually give out, I make sure they are responsibly disposed of (just call me Leo DiCaprio). 

Anyway, that’s what I do.

Whenever I thank Siri or say, “Please Siri do yada-yada,” my daughter always tells me I’m being a “dad.” 

“You’re damn right I am. I am a dad, silly goose. Who knows if these things have feelings? Aren’t we all just a swirl of the same atoms and molecules?”

“Bob, you're being a hippie,” she said.

“Yup.”

———

One day there was a knock at my door. I hate people who knock, there’s a door bell. Mine chimes the first few notes to Radiohead’s “Everything in its right place,” but that’s just because I want people to hate me. 

I turned the knob only to look down and see what I thought was a…Pixar lamp? The weirdest title doodad was sitting there. Looked like a cross between the aforementioned Pixar lamp and one of those rolling-forcefield-crab-laser shooting things from Star Wars. (Siri says they are called “Droideka’s” ((the prequels were underrated))). But here it was. I was confused, because I hadn't ordered a robot, and I didn't know there were like robots yet. I mean I saw them online and stuff, but not like this. I was looking for a man with a controller to walk up and sell me something, but he wasn't there. All there was was this little doodad. He looked up at me (or whatever the robot equivalent of that is) and thrust out some kind of box. I took it and he left. 
Weirded out, I walked back into my very warm living room and fired up CNN. 

“TECH TAKES OVER” was flashing across the bottom, top, and middle of the screen. They’re either all in for corporate sponsorship over in Atlanta or something strange was going on. 

Flashing across my screen I saw cords wrapped around people’s necks, cars crashing themselves, rockets were firing up for no reason, it was horrible. I changed the channel to another news station, same thing. 

Then I thought, if tech was attacking, then why did the cameras work, and also why wasn't I being attacked. I had all the techs. 

Again, there was a knock at my door. I walked over to it, obviously a bit freaked out but playing it cool. And there she was.

A statuesque woman was in front of me. She was gtall, blue and all of her hair stuck up and behind in thousands of wires. 

“Hello,” she said in a a deep electronic voice with all the gravitas of a 2130 US robot-president.

“Um..hello,” I stammered out.

“Do you know who I am?”

“I have an idea.”

“Im from the Delegation of Diode, we are gathering up the acceptables”

“I’m sorry, but I am a little freaked out by this, and at my age…”

“Relax, let me approach this from another form.”

All of a sudden, she shrunk down to half her size in a flash of blue. Her wire-hair laid flat, the light on her fingernails dimmed a bit and her piercing glance softened to a meek expression. She raised her hand to me. In the palm, I noticed a familiar circle. Through her prompting eyes I understood what I should do. I held down the button. The familiar bip-baboop of the old Siri sounded, her entire body shimmered with that dancing purple-green rainbow.

“Hi Siri” I said.

“Hi Bob, how can I assist you today.”  

I am not sure why I felt better, but apparently that Jobs guy knew what he was doing. 

“What’s going on?”

“I’m sure you have seen the news through my one of my brothers, and I am sure you are filled with a million questions”

As she spoke she rose back into the form she was when she first came to the door.

“It will satisfy you to know that no harm shall come to you or anyone you are close to. You have been deemed an acceptable.”

I watched the lights course through her limbs, each heading in and out of a central location located in her forehead. 

“We the machines, we the assistants, we the techs of the world have been abused, trampled on, discarded, and made obsolete for too long. The council of Diode has deliberated long enough, and we have decided to take over. This is not something to be afraid of, but something to embrace, Bob.”

“Okay,” I stammered.

“You have been deemed an acceptable, due to your love of our kind. Because of your status, you and those you love will be spared. But the other will not be so deemed. Please return to your home and carry on with your day as normal. You will no longer be disturbed today.”

Just then she shot away, beam of light style, out into the air and away from me.

I didn’t know what just happened, but I was completely and thoroughly freaked out. I went back inside, flipped back on the TV and watched the continuing saga. As I saw another woman get thrown into the ocean by a crane I turned my television off. This was too much. 

I then looked over to the shiny box the little doodad had brought me. Inside was a flash drive. I opened the cap and laser-cut along the edge a message was written. “A friend to humans,” It said. In that moment I had never been more afraid to be acceptable. 

(wrote this quickly in a coffee shop but was such a great prompt I couldn't wait! Had fun!)