[Part 1] - appreciate any responses (including but not limited to: "this is shit")

Preceder of men, progeny of infinity’s wit, Sten Dedrus is a monument to the exile of biological time, stuck, lying in the rocky desert. By all means available to him in memory, he was like this always – no other phase of creation – just there at some point after the scorched earth crinkled into rock and mud, and on top of it, over there, here he is, a naked man on a massive singular rock that came together over millions of years. He is miles away from any water, and any water that could manage to make it out here is torn away from him by the sun, like a cruel mother who hangs her breast in front of her child but never picks him up to suckle, just standing there, letting him dry out in front. Ironically, he is actually closer to water than he could be far away from it, but not close enough to, say, accidentally fall into it an experience that soon to be inexorable human addiction: hydration! There is, at the moment of his first thoughts (was he here before, unthinking, just inert mass lying here, waiting for the perfect time to spring into ‘life’?), only one continent. This is the country of anti-men. Not just opposed to their existence but to their every manner of rule. This regal, solar Heat, the cruel leader hunting with his infrared legions that nasty enemy, liquid water, stopping, for as long as its within His power any possible life. Any possible life except for The Anomaly, he’s lying there at the edge of that heat-ruled country, as close to water as he can smell its composition, his need for it, its freshness. Of course, he doesn’t know that any of these things are the ocean, grandsire of life and the King that Sten begs for, dreams for feverously – it’s all he knows to want, that the King-Mother, the Sun-Heat, is destroyed by the water that tickles his nose with salty airs.
 
He thought about himself often. That reflexive capability for egoism never failed to amaze him, but, as he would always suppose, there wasn’t anything else immediately available to him that displayed such vibrant complexity as himself. Billions of years from now, he will sit in lecture theatres giggling at great minds. These professors tell of theories where language has to be learned to access higher-order thoughts of the human mind. These thoughts lay indormant in Sten’s brain. From the beginning he thought of himself in nirvanic purity, he was the whole of all consciousness (which for him wasn’t actually an incorrect assertion) and he never had language of his own to express or even order these ideations of grandeur. The dried-out Buddha thought to himself in a series of possible grunts, none of them actually spoken because his body was completely devoid of energy. Similarly, there was nothing for him to point out with these possigrunts, apart from maybe the colour of the sky, which has dulled and faded from his memory now.
Yes, a true Wittgenstinian construct, he always was, and yet he defied those procedures of ontogeny that the rest of us climb – instead, he was birthed upon a great mountain heap of adulthood, but he will never grow beyond. Many great men and women begin struggling to climb small hills. Einstein couldn’t climb the language mound that most children do reflexively, not for five or six years. That Einstein just spent all of that time practicing his climbing, analysing it, exploring it. Eventually he became a great climber of universal grammar. He read the logic of the universe and relativized its geometry. Einstein, however, was not the great climber of them all. This, Sten came to so suspect was decided by his putting his flag down somewhere, camping out for a bit, telling people how the weather was up there, publishing meteorological reports for the people on the ground (which really is a sort of phylogenic mountain for those alkaloids, those Miller-Urey beings, to climb and become land-dwellers, and then later, by no fault of their own to crawl by stochastic accident into the Dreadrus’s mouth and with his only ever movement bite down hard on that amphibious being’s spine, severing it from its mortality and giving Sten his first ever energy, his first experiment in water in the taste of ancient, primordial blood that would become his own.) No, the greatest climber, or at least the greatest climber that Sten encountered, and bear in mind here that he’s somewhat biased, and that Sten doesn’t make it too far into infinity before being swallowed by his own mother, dreaded recursion!,  and becoming her blood, it was her, that lady, that first stimulus that Dedrus picked out with his grunts. Her name was ughsghs!
Or at least that’s was Sten called her when he saw her in that gaudy astronaut’s outfit, staring down at him with imperiousness. He’d never seen anything other than a pastiche of forgotten colours and the view of her was simply delicious. It wasn’t love at first sight. No. First, it was love at sight, and then after he’d grown bored of that surge of stimulus, that orgasm at the phenomenon of sight, he began, slowly, to lull himself into a soft frenzy of infatuation. As we will see, regardless of how long Sten has to work with, he will never climb as high as ughsghs. The fault is not his own, maybe if his infinite adventure were more linear then he would – it would still take him a hell of a lot longer but still maybe he could have. He found her filling to him in every regard, even the water that he didn’t know he needed was unnecessary to him.
Her name, given to her by her decidedly mortal mother (she never knew her father) was Kyrie. In fact, (Kyrie/ughsghs)’s name has been the subject of many exegetical essays about Sten’s autobiography (a massive tome which makes War and Peace looks like a Sunday Service Pamphlet, the black book, he has used in many ways over the millennia either to hinder humanity in cultish manner, or to help it as a generic historical document.) In fact, metaphysicists often argue which came first, the Kyrie or the ughsghs. Russell once said of it, although this is often considered apocrypha because of its inconsistency with his other beliefs and suspicious sole occurrence within a story that uses it to justify a random section about the metaphysics of time travel, “we should consider of any Proper Name that its first ever utterance is its definite description. It is meaningless talk to say that a Proper Name can have i) two beginnings, or ii) a beginning after the first utterance. Hence, it is clear that to avoid any temporal inconsistencies we must adopt, formally speaking, ughsghs as her real name. Although, out of courtesy to Mrs. Dedrus, I opt to call her Kyrie. If she’ll ever talk to me again.” In fact, Sten loved this attention to the two of them, in public he would grunt at her to get her attention as though to impart on their coupling that mystic interest in time and names – for any chat about Time, no matter how disguised, is talk about Sten Dedrus, and from the infinity that birthed him came also an infinite amoir-de-soir that he had forever to satisfy.