Numb , I felt numb for so long after she died. I loved my wife, I wished I had died and not her. We didn’t have the money for her chemo therapy. I work three jobs while she wasted away.
Our insurance company fucked us, it fucked us so hard we should have demanded child support.
I wasn’t with her when she passed, I was trying to get money for our bills.
 Stronger men than Me can fly for miles and control animals and I wasn’t able to be there . If I could just have a little bit of that magic, I’d change the world for her.

For so long afterwards I was numb. I felt nothing and that was okay. But one day I saw a girl, she was begging, she was begging strangers for money to help her mom.
Nobody cared, they just walked by her like she was a ghost, a phantom. Something that would go away if they ignored .
I couldn’t take it anymore. I emptied my cash into her hands. Nothing much, a couple of bills.  
She looked me in the eyes and it was like the whole world stopped. Soon tears felt silently down her cheeks. 
All around me tears fell like rain. People silently lined up to empty their hard earned cash for her.
I thought it was a miracle, but I was wrong. It was a little bit of magic. 
I walked into banks and vaults emptied for me, all of it when to charity . I never took a dime. I worked a nine to five job like everyone.

It was an odd day when the freedom friends showed up to “ stop me” I damn near crapped my pants when lady gravity tried to crush me, the hot head.
But of course everyone including her panicked when I did. Funny enough that’s how I got the name panic station.
Captain cadaver tried to swamp me with the dead but the dead still have hearts I guess .

It got to the point where I let them cuff me for the sake of the people. You know collateral damage is the opposite of what I want .


Of course a charity to pay for my legal bills was founded immediately and I was out for work the next day.

The freedom friends tried to arrest me again and again until they came under fire from the all mighty internet. #freepanicstation .

It’s funny, I have so much power but all the money in the world won’t bring back what Iv lost. 
