They can keep their super strength, and their flying...okay, maybe I'd take the flying, but come on! Supers are required to register for the military and serve from their 20s to 40s, but me, I'm just a meta.

We have it easy compared to them, and the pension and presidential treatment don't make up for it if you ask me. Sure they get pampered for the rest of their lives, if they even live long enough to see it, but there are supers on both sides now. You're just as liable to get torn in half as you are to have to use your laser eyes to cut down another person. Yeah, I'm good with my glowing fingers.

Not to mention, these things are money makers! Can you imagine how great my DJing is? My show is in a huge dark room with lights that are programmed to respond to my fingers on the walls, ceiling, and floors. Whenever I  crack my knuckles during the show it lights up the dance floor in crazy patterns to match my hands.

I'm a millionaire with a handful of clubs in some of the biggest remaining cities after the super war broke out between the East and the West so don't you worry about me and my lame super power, worry about the state of this super powered world.

Crime is out of control and the military on both sides spends most of their time fighting the gangs run by the most dangerous rogue supers in their own territories, but every now and then there's a huge shake up. The whole thing kicked off when Washington DC was wiped off the map by a Russian super who could apparently replicate the effect of a nuke.

The US retaliated of course and predictably, many bombs were dropped and many supers used their powers leading to all kinds of chaos, destruction, death and carnage. The US, or what was left of it, had been splintered into several territories and each functioned as a collective state more like Europe than a single unified country.

Russia was a smoldering pile of rubble and had only managed to launch a few nukes in retaliation, some of which weren't aimed at the US, along with a few other random bombs flying to and fro random countries. Europe recieved one as did China and suddenly the entire world was thrown violently back a few hundred years and left to pickup the pieces. I use the profits from my clubs to fund restoration efforts in the cities they are in, but we have a long way to go before we even find a new normal, let alone get this shit cleaned up. 

Crazy to think that all it took was the simple discovery and activation of that hidden chromosome in the human genome that gave some of us these damned powers. Some people can fly, others can kill with a touch, and still others can bend time and space to their will. I...can crack my knuckles to get my hands to light up like glowsticks, but I've got tell you, it's not all its cracked up to be. 