What would you do, if you happen to find out that all the misery in your life, that you thought were the product of your own incompetence, is just a sick prank of a sick group of people? People, who for some twisted reason, thought it is completely justifiable to destroy a man's life, or maybe countless others, just to keep a secret?

"Mr Lance, you must understand, we did it for good reason," the man opposite me said with a smile. A representative from the Ministry, he called himself. It was a nervous smile, one that you give when you find yourself in an awkward situation. A smile that I was too all familiar in giving.

I nodded, pretending to understand. I tried to smile too, but it felt even faker than the Mr Dundle's. "It's okay, you all did what you all had to do."

"If it's anything Mr Lance, we would do our best to give Helen the best education she deserves at Hogwarts," he continued. 

I chuckled. Twenty years of my life gone, with one divorce, and that was the best assurance they could come up with? The inside of me seethed with rage, but I had to control myself. Today was Helen's day not mine. I turned to look at her, happily chatting with our guide and her new pet owl, Big Eyes. She deserved to be happy today. That was the least I could give her.

"Thank you, Mr Dundle. I trust that you will. If you would excuse me, Helen and I still have a day of celebrating to do." I stood up and extended my hand. Dundle took and shook it, rather limply, flashing that nervous smile of his again. Perhaps glad that this meeting was finally over.

"You're welcome, Mr Lance. Once again, the Ministry extends its apology to you and the best wishes to your daughter."

I motioned Helen over, who pushed her cart excitedly to me. "Daddy, daddy, Miss Jane just taught me a trick!"

She waved her new bought wand in front of me and muttered "Accio daddy's wallet!" I felt a tug in my pocket and the leather pouch that I was carrying flew into Helen's palm. Helen yelped in joy at the trick, jumping between her and Miss Jane. She was my only joy for the past eleven years.

As we exited the mundane looking shop, I turned again to study the place before me. Several shops had my face on them, printed across posters and newspaper cuttings. My portrait was moving in all of them, some of them smiling, but most of them scared. The Muggle Magizoologist, they called me. I prefer to be called a biologist. I have dedicated my life to finding new species of creatures, but as far as I remembered, my field trips have been nothing but fruitless.

I had always thought there was something wrong with me. Amnesic or plain bad luck. Strange things always happened during my field trips. Blank memories. Missing notebooks. Cameras that mysteriously go missing. I thought I was bad at my job, but it turns out that I was just too good at it.

"Daddy, what did the man talk to you about just now?" Helen tugged at my sleeve, as we exited the place called Diagon Alley and back into the London I knew. Sterile, imposing and unforgiving.

"They were just interested in Daddy's work, that's all," I lied. "But before that, lets go get ice-cream, okay?"

Helen face glowed at the mention of ice-cream and forgot about her question. But I could not. The painful realization that your life's work was sabotaged unknowingly, with your memories altered every time? It was too stinging to know. Those magical folks wanted me to forget everything on the account of Helen.

But after so much forgetting, I was determined to reclaim that recognition that I deserve. That night, as I sat in front of the computer, I punched in the words "livestreaming" into Google.

----------------------------

*Like this story? Consider subscribing to /r/dori_tales for more!*