Vader reared his arms, lifting the panicked body of Emperor Sheev Palpatine eight feet into the air. Flashes and crackles of an otherworldly electricity coursed through the air from their struggling forms, frying the insides of Palpatine's seemingly loyal servant. A burning smell filled the air as the scene unfolding underneath me. I and the Skywalker boy alone bore witness to this single moment in time, when an era of terror was brought to an end. This moment is enough to excite even the most somber and loyal of Imperials. However, that is not I.

As I stood cloaked in darkness atop the elevator shaft onboard the second Death Star, I felt nothing but a pure, unadulterated rage stemming from the mere thought that my moment of triumph had been taken from me.

Years of planning had gone into the recent events of my life. Time immeasurable had I spent planning the past decades, all leading up to a final culmination of revolution. The turning point of the galaxy's fate should not have been this moment, with Palpatine being flung to his death as I solemnly watched from above. No, if it weren't for an unprecedented change in character of the Emperor's mechanical man, then the texts of history would tell of *tomorrow's* events of *my* doing.

My plot had been years in the making. Through careful and tricky manipulation, I had gone from a mere performer in an opera to one of Emperor Palpatine's most trusted advisors. I watched from the shadows as he overthrew the Republic and planted the seeds of his dictatorship with the galactic reform to an Empire.  *I* planted the seeds of rebellion in the minds of several angsty young senators. I oversaw the overseer of the Death Star, and it was I who secretly influenced its designer to leave one fatal flaw. *I* was singlehandedly responsible for all that the "Emperor" did, knowing that it would all lead up to tomorrow's events.

Tomorrow was supposed to be the day that the Emperor's extensive life-support system mysteriously cut out. Not a mechanical, robotic system like that which unceremoniously holds together Vader, but the *force*. Through the vast knowledge I had access to, the earlier years of my relationship with Sheev had been spent, unbeknownst to him, uncovering the truth and workings of midichlorians to be able to manipulate... *life*.

Since my discovery late one night in the remnants of the medical tower where Vader underwent his surgery, I had steadily been cultivating my own midichlorians from a small sample of his. However, a slight modification had granted them the ability to counteract "proper" midichlorians. A simple analogy is that of the human immune system - it attacks, neutralizes, and disposes of foreign, harmful bodies.

Upon the acquisition of a steady number, I had steadily been releasing them into the air filtration system employed by both the first and second Death Stars. This not only clouded Palpatine's vision through the force, but weakened his powers as so evident when he was unable to kill the Skywalker boy.

It was tomorrow that the ratio of midichlorians in his body would finally be unbalanced, and the dark forces keeping Sheev alive would no longer be able to. His death at my slow hand, a mere hours away, now spoiled by Vader. My name, meant to be illuminated, praised and glorified for the rest of time, now remains in the dark, my sole opportunity for enlightening extinguished by Vader.

There are no words in any of the Galaxy's languages capable of describing my distaste in Vader's actions. I suppose I relished in his death too at least, knowing I outlived both Emperor and Servant had a slight appeasing effect.

In fact, I still recall the first time I recognized the more human Vader for what he was. It was at the very same moment I clued into Palpatine's sinister intentions, hidden underneath the calm and composed mask of Chancellor. All those years ago, the sudden migration of an entire section of the Coruscant Theatre caught my eye as I played my minor role on the stage. I couldn't help but stare, noticing the two who stayed - Palpatine, and Skywalker. From there, my curiosity captured, I focused on them with both my fishlike-eyes and superb hearing. It was not long before Palpatine opened his mouth, and unwillingly his intentions, and spoke the words,

"Have you ever heard the tale of Darth Plagueis the Wise?"