I'm not quite sure how a being that defies description can look shocked, but it certainly looked shocked. Some of the planes sticking out of the central mass were vibrating in a very wibbley way, and it had changed to a distinctive colour which I can only describe as tasting like purple.

It's not easy to describe multi-dimensional beings in terms of three-dimensional words.

In a distinctive tone which trailed off into somewhere far away, I could hear only sadness. It simply asked me:

"How?"

I then explained what I had done. First of all I had decided that using the tools given to me would be inadequate. Although the ability to manipulate matter at will was useful, I had no explanation as to how it worked. I simply knew that it worked. I knew the beings of the universe would have trouble accepting anything they did not understand (in at least some partial fashion). It was just in their nature. I knew this because I was of that universe, and I hardly accepted it.

And also being able to break most of the laws of physics just seemed like cheating. If I was going to do this then I would do it my way.

I realised that the best path I could take would be technological. I would use the omnipotent power provided to me to make a single machine. Until this power had been laid before me the concept had been purely theoretical. A machine smaller than a pinhead, that would pass unseen under the finest microscope. Durable, manoeuvrable, part of a network, and most importantly, *smart*. Nanorobotics, finally brought into existence.

But I wouldn't use these on Earth. No, I had much bigger fish to fry.

I released millions of my nanobots with as much impossible force as they could withstand from near Earth orbit. Three instructions were given in my central control console: learn, communicate, explore. A gleaming mass of screens. From this point forward I no longer needed the powers that had been granted to me.

Within three hours the nanobots had reached a number of celestial bodies. And something else: I had completely and utterly lucked out. The nano-bots had found a micro-wormhole not far from the present position of Jupiter. And the wormhole led to a location close to Mercury. I instructed the nanobots to study. However, I instantly recognised what this meant: I would be able to maintain much faster communication with my nanobots. We could communicate through micro-wormholes without all the inconvenience of waiting for radio waves to travel through space.

A breakthrough. We had detected a particular type of radiation being emitted from the wormholes, with a wavelength previously unknown.

It was clear that experimentation was required. And experimentation requires resources.

Seeing no need for the lifeless asteroid belt, I instructed the hundreds of nanobots that had landed there to begin reproducing and harvesting. Within an hour my fleet of nanobots had amassed a sufficient number of resources and I order them to begin construction.

First of all, a lab, filled with multi-purpose instruments of many varieties. My nanobots would be my lab staff. All in all the lab was three meters by three meters. Anything that I had missed could easily be constructed from the growing resource stockpiles in the belt.

Experimentally I emitted some of the radiation that I had found by the wormhole. And to my astonishment, a new wormhole opened. Unfortunately this had the unfortunate effect of destroying my new lab. I swore under my breath and ordered another three constructed. A setback of thirty seconds is annoying when you're on a time limit of one day.

I then ordered my bots through the new wormhole. To my surprise I found something familiar at the other end. A laboratory. Much larger than my own labs. And data. Lots of data, inscribed upon strange crystals that reacted to electricity. I ordered my nanobots to begin the construction of a much larger computer network, fearing I would need to invent a way of decoding these crystals in the next few hours. In reality, the device that I needed to play them was on top of a desk, projecting using lasers to form a hologram. My nanobots carried the crystals to the player like ants stealing food from a picnic.

I had no choice but to watch the recordings, even though it was time consuming. The potential for benefit was just too great. So I constructed a remote camera and redirected the feed to my viewscreens.

It transpired that I was not the first person to have been given this opportunity.

This alien, whom I called Aquila, had been given the same deal I had. This laboratory had been built thousands of light years away from me. Unfortunately he had not the background or knowledge that I had and realised - too late - that he could not achieve his goals. And then he had realised something rather more sinister.

That at the end of the day he would be killed by the being, and analysed. This being was not God. Somehow I'd know that all along.

Aquila had focused on looking at the universe around him, reasoning that there must have been answers to the questions of life. His species - a small inter-planetary empire - had developed micro-wormhole technology. He used this infantile technology to make a window with his omnipotence. A window that could see anywhere in the universe. And as he looked, he found the fates of those who had come before them. Some had constructed galactic works of art in the universe. Some had honestly tried to improve the lives of their species. And finally, some had laid waste to everything that they ever held dear.

This explained why the being had *not* given us omnipresence. We'd have instantly found out what happened to our predecessors, rendering the being's experiment useless. It wanted to see what we did with unlimited power and logged everything that we did with our omnipotence.

It was a good thing, then, that I wasn't using my omnipotence. Aquila knew what was going to happen to him, so he had left this trail of breadcrumbs using his micro-wormholes.

I should have realised omnipotence would have a catch. This was a being of such awesome power that it entertained itself by researching what lesser mortals would do with a great deal of power. Thanks, Aquila.

I realised I wouldn't have time to move the Window back to myself. I also realised that a single person's perspective would not be enough to scour the universe for useful information. Thankfully, I had my nanobots. I created new directives and instructed them to reproduce tinier versions of the Window, thousands of times over. I told them to search the universe. Look for anything of interest. Look for anything that we could use.

"Agreement," stated my growing hivemind. As the nanobots reproduced and gained access to stronger and stronger technologies, they coalesced into a greater consciousness, and fortified their mind. 

At this point in time my girlfriend came into the room, remarked that my new computer was interesting and started speaking about her day at work. I regret that I heard nothing as I was focused upon my impending demise and did not have the time to tell her about it. She shortly left to make dinner.

I instructed some of my nanobots on the Moon to come to Earth. I would likely need them soon. I constructed a grand railgun to do the job.

My nanobots were finding many things of interest. The technologies of long-dead galactic empires, and still functioning societies. There was something to be learned from nearly every one, and not enough time to do it in. My own limitations were getting to me. I instructed my growing nanobot consciousness carefully.

"Agreement," stated the consciousness.

How time flies when you're going to be killed.

Warp travel, superconductors, shields, the secrets of subspace, micro-wormholes, fusion, dyson spheres, stellar engines, string theory, the universe never ceased to amaze. I took all the technology I could and added it to my AI's knowledge. But it wasn't enough. There must be something out there I could use. Something that could topple a being of incomprehensible power.

And then I realised what I could do. I issued instructions to my AI, and went for dinner with my girlfriend. We watched Netflix, cuddled on the sofa. Then I went to my study once more. And the time was up.

The being appeared in front of me, and spoke.

"You have not utilised the power I have given you to the full extent. I am disappointed. A mere two uses. Why?"

I saw an opportunity to stall. "Omnipotence is not a tool that anyone should wield. Especially not one who would seek to hurt another. I of course refer to you."

A literal flash of confusion appeared on the being. "You know. How? You have not used the gift I have given you nearly as much as the other subjects. How?"

I smiled endearingly, like you might if you were teaching a child. I did this primarily to annoy. "You have what we call a bias. You are so used to using your power that you have blinded yourself to all other avenues. All other opportunities. A weak point. An Achilles heel."

Purple. Black. Red. Annoyance. "No matter, I shall pluck the knowledge that I desire from your corpse."

Nothing happened. And then I could sense some puzzlement from the being. Then anger, then frustration. Then, nothing but sheer shock, as he realised he was stripped of his omnipotence.

In a distinctive tone which trailed off into somewhere far away, I could hear only sadness. it simply asked me:

"How?"

I smiled. "You gave me one day. One day was enough to turn the Universe into a finely tuned machine of excellence. One that could utilise all the resources of the Universe. And most importantly, I didn't just rely on what I was given, or my own knowledge. I grew beyond it."

I issued an instruction that was heard by all of reality. By a machine which had now grown to interweave itself with reality.

"Agreement." stated the AI.

And the being was gone.

I went to bed, confident I could solve all the problems of the universe tomorrow.