The first time I saw the letter I was 7, my mother rolled her eyes at the mail as I peeked at the letters while standing on the top of my toes. She threw another one down after examining the envelope. I stared at the envelope trying to read the calligraphy. 

"It's for me!" I jumped up and grabbed it. My mother ran her finger through my hair and smiled. 

"Yes, darling," she said, looking at me curiously. I started opening the wax seal. "Don't be disappointed, dear, I've been getting these for a couple of years now. They never say anything." I stopped my unsuccessful attempts at peeling the wax seal off. It was rather pretty with a swirl of gold in aquamarine. 

"But it says my name," I say. "Why do they know my name?" She shrugs as she puts down a bill and takes out a get well soon card. 

"Go give this to Daddy." I nod and take the card in my hands. The envelope with my name carefully tucked into my backpack. 

"Daddy, there's a card from Gram," I whisper. He's asleep so I leave it on his night stand. As I grow older I figure out that the letter always show up on the same day and there's a high quality A4 page tucked inside. 

'Stella, see you in 20 years.' 

Mother can't read what it says, her smiles are indulging as I read it out for her. After I'm 15 she tells me it's childish and the page is blank. I keep them all in a box that Daddy gave me. 

When I'm 17 I start to write when I'm in pain, writing out elaborate letters addressed to my father but I never have the courage to send them, it's not like I can send them. I pull out one of the letters and start writing behind it knowing I'd never have the courage to send it. I talk about everything that hurts me on the page. And then stop when I feel more relaxed. 

I leave the page out in an act of defiance almost hoping that my mother would walk in and read it, with that I sleep. 

The letter is blank the next day, I stare at it carefully and it says nothing beyond 'Stella, see you in 18 years.' I keep turning it over shocked, I was sure I'd written on it. The ink had been permanent, it couldn't have just vanished right? 

I let it get to me, consume my thoughts so much that I couldn't even spare a glance to the road. I got bit by a car that day, bad enough to be in the hospital for a couple of days while they set the bones in my arm. When I came back to my room, I stumbled to the bed in my drugged stupor. My eyes drifted to the darned paper that was messing with my head and I nearly missed the bed. 

The paper had writing on it. I rushed to it picking it up, delicately tracing the words as if my touch would cause them to disappear. It seemed like a soft warmhearted person telling me that things would be fine. They talked about everything I had written down and ended with a promise for me to think forward. Another hasty scribble talked about my accident and that I should be careful. That's where the page ended. I held it and cried. 

The words on this didn't disappear but as always my mother couldn't read them. 

"Stella, can I put this paper away in the printer?" I shook my head and she let it be. She helped me with food and medicine leaving me after she had changed my clothes. 

The words on the paper never went away, I learned I could use the back of the paper to talk to this entity but it was only one question and one response. 

I wasted one paper on 'who are you?', only to get reminded of the years left. I spent one paper on asking how it knew me and if it knew the future, absolutely anything I could think of. 

It had been watching over me for a while, since I was conceived actually. It really looked forward to meeting me at the end of the years. Why that specific amount of time? It wouldn't say. 

I alienated myself from everyone trying to figure it out. I'd wait for when things got bad and I needed support. It taught me how to hold my pain, how to stay sane with all the things that brought me down. I cried out to this entity when I got molested by a school teacher and it taught me how to hold myself together. It told me exactly when to find him alone and how to end him. Somehow the blood rushing down from him was relaxing, liberating. It taught me how to stay out of the investigation, how to not get caught. 

It praised me when I fell in love at 29 and taught me how to slowly poison him once we got married so I could leave in a few years. I'd run away with It when I was 35. I brought all the letters to the apartment I lived in with  my husband of 3 years. I had received a letter telling me that It would be here today. It had been there for me, my whole life. I waited by the door but a knock from my bedroom pulled me away. I opened the door and watched in awe as the beautiful calligraphy filled the whole room. It wanted me to go with it. 

I would go, I would live in a better place. There was no one for me other then It. The words were beautiful, I wish you could've seen them too. It asked me to kill the man on the bed first and I did so gladly. 

There's pictures of me all over the room now just flickering into life. I'm going somewhere better then all of you, there's no need to worry. 