More people these days ask me how I managed to get out of a life sentence in prison rather than why I haven't aged a single day in the last... I don't know how many years, I stopped keeping track, close to fifteen-hundred i'd say, probably more. How long isn't what's important, the point of this story is how my immortality got me out of prison. It's kind of funny actually, my immortality is the reason I went to prison, and the reason I got out.

The warden always was suspicious of me, I could tell. He always had men watching me, they monitored me more closely than anyone else in that shithole.  At first I thought he wanted to keep a close eye on me because of how sick in the head I am, because of how many people i've killed, mainly children. But that wasn't it, after some time he'd throw out random questions trying to catch me off guard. He'd ask me my age, or what year I was born. Finally one day after 30 years of watching me Mr. Redding sat me down in his office and said

"Son, I know you've got a secret, I know you don't age. I've watched you since the day you came in and you haven't changed in the slightest. Am I wrong?"

"I believe your old age is getting to you, Mr. Redding." I said

"Well if you wont just come out and tell me, how about we make a deal? If you tell me why you don't age I just might let you go free."

"You might or you will?" I replied

"If I feel satisfied with your answer I will, if I think you're pulling my leg i'll make sure you never step foot outside of these walls."

"I think you've lost your mind sir, you're telling me you think i'm immortal? I'm starting to think you're pulling MY leg." I said as I held back a smile. He knew about my immortality, I didn't think I could talk my way out of it but denying it for a bit wouldn't hurt.

"Immortal? Who said anything about immortality? I only questioned why you haven't aged a single day in the last 30 years. I never said anything about not being able to die..." A smile cut across his face as he opened his desk drawer. Before I knew what happened blood was sprayed across the wall and I was on the floor with a bullet hole in my head. 

"Well fuck that hurt Mr. Redding, and there goes a few fucking hundred years too."

Mr. Redding just stood there staring at me. The revolver hit the carpet with a soft thud as his hands searched for something to steady himself with. He stumbled to his chair and crashed down in to it.

"What's the matter? Did you expect me not to get back up?" I said as I sat back in to my chair, the hole in my head almost completely closed now.

"Start talking now son, I want to know what's going on here. You tell me the truth and you have my word i'll get you out of this place."

And so I told him everything.

Quite some time ago, as I said, fifteen-hundred years or so ago I was very sick. I couldn't afford medicine and I only had a few days to live. One day a stranger came knocking on my door and told me he could cure me. That he knew of a way I could overcome my sickness. I welcomed such a guest with eager ears, and so I listened to what he had to say. 

He told me about his power. He told me how he could murder and steal the remaining years of his victims life. I didn't see how this had anything to do with me, why someone would come to me and openly admit that they murder people, and that they steal their victims remaining life. Who would believe a stranger that says something like that? Only someone on the verge of death with no other options I guess. He told me he could share his power, that he could give me the power. There was a catch of course, there always is. The catch was that whatever years I took, he got half. It seemed like a deal with the devil, but this man was no devil. He was a man just like me, and he told me there were others like him. Maybe it all started as a deal with the devil, or some demon or god. But now it is just passed on, from immortal to mortal.

I would essentially kill for this man and keep us both alive forever if I continued to do so. I accepted his offer hesitantly, how could I be sure this man wasn't just some lunatic? There was no ritual, I didn't feel any more powerful, in fact I felt the worst I have ever felt, like I was about to drop dead right there. He just told me I now shared his power and told me to go kill so I could survive. So I did. 

I stumbled outside with a knife and dragged myself down open roads until I came across a woman and a child. I cut the woman's throat and stabbed the boy in the back as he tried to escape.

At first I felt nothing, but then I could see it. I could see their life radiating from their corpse and so I went to it. I consumed their years and felt the best I had ever felt in my life. From that point on I didn't murder just to be immortal, I murdered for that sensation of consuming someones energy. There is nothing in the world that feels as incredible as consuming another persons life.

And so I talked to him for days. I told him all about how I murdered and murdered over the years. I told him that I mainly targeted children because they have the most years in them, the younger the better. I told him about the murder that got me thrown in prison in the first place, that orphanage massacre. So many years just all thrown in to one building... it was too tempting. I would have gotten away with it too if I didn't get so greedy.

"That's it, that's all there is to tell." I said as I wrapped up my story.

I expected Mr. Redding to be disgusted about the things i've done in my lifetime but never once did he show any sign on his face that what I said bothered him. All he did now was smile at me and say

"I want you to share your power with me, boy. Then you are free to go."

And so I walked through the prison gates, back into the world that day.