"Mom? What’s up?"

"Are you still camping, Courtney?"

"Uh, yeah," she said, looking around at the little campsite. It was late afternoon, the crickets were chirping, the nearby brook was babbling, and a crackling fire was roaring. Emma was hurriedly packing up the array of meats they had taken out in preparation for dinner. "Why?"

Courtney heard her mother take a deep breath from the other side of the phone. "Gather your things and get in the tent."

"What? What’s going on? We heard an evacuation warning."

Her mother stopped. "Was it on the radio?"

"Yeah."

"Don’t listen. If you have a fire going, put it out. Grab some enough provisions for 48 hours and Emma's hatchet, and get in the tent."

"Mom, I don’t understand. We can just get in the car and find a safer place."

Another pause. "No, the car has too many windows."

"What’s she saying?" Emma called as she heaved the now-full cooler into the car.

"She says to get in the tent," Courtney yelled back. Emma’s brow furrowed as she held the phone back up to her ear. "Mom, please tell me what’s going on. We’re not getting any internet out here."

"I’ll explain when you get in the tent, okay?" She could hear the tension in her mother’s voice. A thought occurred to her.

"Mom, are you at work right now?"

"Yes."

Courtney felt the blood drain from her face. "Okay," she said hoarsely.

"I’ll stay on the line. Please hurry."

Courtney pocketed her phone and rushed to help with putting away their gear. They worked in silence, all the while Courtney’s heart hammering in her chest. It felt like an eternity had passed until all that was left of their campsite was a smouldering pit, a picnic bench, an old, beat-up car, and a two-person tent. The sun had set, leaving the campsite in near darkness.

The two huddled inside the tent, sitting on their sleeping bags with only their bags, two days worth of food and essentials, and a hatchet, illuminated by a single bright lantern. Outside was dark and quiet aside from the wind and brook and occasional sounds of wildlife. Courtney pulled her phone out of her pocket and put it on speaker.

"Mom?"

"I’m still here." A wave of relief. "Don't put me on speaker. Plug your earbuds into the phone and turn off any lights."

Courtney felt the panic rising in her. Emma looked at her with wide eyes. Courtney grasped her partner’s hand before digging out her earbuds from her backpack. The young women gave one another a meaningful look before each taking a bud. Emma turned off the lantern, plunging the tent into darkness.

"Okay," Courtney said quietly into the speaker. Emma wrapped her arm around her.

"Thank goodness," her mom breathed.

"Mom, is this about…that message?"

"Yes. We cracked it some time ago." Courtney croaked indignantly. "I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you, sweetie. It was heavily classified."

"Wait, the one you thought came from outer space?" Emma asked, putting a hand on her fuming girlfriend's shoulder.

"The very same. I’m telling you this now because you need to know. What we interpreted was a warning. We don’t know exactly from where or when."

"You really think it was from aliens?" Courtney cut in.

"It’s the only possible explanation at this point."

"Far out," Emma joked. Nobody laughed.

"What did they say?"

"What we could get out of it was…not good. It seemed to be a warning. About predators."

"Like the movie," Emma whispered, mostly to herself.

"We didn’t know what to make of it at the time, and so didn't think much of it. But then the radio message started to play today. And when we tried to trace it, it didn't come from Earth, either."

"You think the evacuation warning also came from space?" Courtney asked incredulously.

"As crazy as it sounds, yes. Because the first warning predicted exactly that; that a message would be broadcast around the planet urging the population to expose themselves."

"That...does sound prophetic," Courtney admitted. "So maybe these messages had different sources?"

"That was our conclusion. The first message was a warning of what was to come, as if whatever sent the warning had had first-hand experience with this."

There was silence for a moment. "There's more, isn't there?" Emma asked slowly.

Courtney's mother paused. "Yes. The warning also said that after the broadcast, any organic life that was detected would be..." the woman took a shaking breath. 

"...Mom?"

"That it would be terminated, sweetie."

Courtney sucked in a lungful of air, clutching at Emma, who could only blink in shocked silence.

"This sounds unreal. How do you even know any of this is true?" Emma said.

"We're hoping it's not, but we're assuming that this is a very real threat right now. Homeland Security has put out an alert on television warning citizens to stay indoors, board up their windows and remain hidden. Most parts of the world should be doing the same, but communication channels are closing and we're losing contact.

"I need you girls to do everything you can to stay quiet and hidden and safe. We don't know what's coming, if anything at all, but we need to be ready. I'll stay on the line as long as I can."

"Okay," Courtney whispered, her voice breaking. Emma's hand slowly closed around the handle of the hatchet.

Suddenly, the world around the tent went quiet. The sounds of animals in the woods stopped, the crickets stopped, even the sound of the brook stopped. The women clutched one another as all sound evaporated from the world, all save a single, whispered,

"I love you."