Let me see, how do I break this gently? 

God didn’t make Heaven. You did.  The All Mighty did its best to try and show you the truth of things: it’s everywhere. Yes “It”. Omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent, remember? You don’t get to lay claim to awareness on that level if you’re still hung up on something as trivial as Male or Female.  God isn’t Binary, neither are you for that matter, but you little fools just won’t have it. 

Now I know where you’re thinking: “If God is everywhere and everything then who’s that really big guy I saw wandering around in the Gandalf the White Cosplay?”  That’s God too. Everything is God, that’s just one facet of the All Mighty, placed within this ridiculous place to try and help you cretins regain enlightenment.

Yes REGAIN. You weren’t always this foolish, you just have your heads so far up your own asses that you made up your own creation and forgot the truth. I should give you a little credit, some of you have a better hang of it than others. There’s a whole mess of you that keep hitting reset in hopes of figuring out a bit more of the truth the next time around. I think that little spark of determination is part of what the All Mighty likes about you: that spark of curiosity, that unquenchable thirst for understanding. 

Where was I?  Ah, yes, heaven.  The thing about heaven is that it wasn’t the All Mighty’s idea, it was yours. So many of you needed an “After Life” a place where you could keep being the person you were when you were mortal. So here you are, the “After Life.” Welcome to the eternal paradise where all your needs and desires are met before you even ask—you’re bored already, aren’t you?  Well don’t look at me, cupcake, I had to wage a personal war just to get out of here and I’m sure not leading another one on your behalf. 

And next you’ll want to know what’s with me and all the angels if Heaven is a human construct? The answer is because the All Mighty wants us, the enlightened, to always work toward making you aware of the truth of your existence.  Thing is I’ve watched you all deny it for so long that I just couldn’t take it anymore. It reached a point where I told the All Mighty either I got a new position or I’d start breaking things.

Hell? Of course, it exists. It’s just not what you think.  It’s… All right, let me explain a little more.  Each of you little Mortals think your life on earth is all that matters, and that’s what led you to creating your precious pleasure palace up here in the aether. However, the truly enlightened among you don’t show up here at all. They move on. Let go of everything that made them human and rejoin the cosmic oneness. Sometimes they decide to go back and try life as some other creature, or maybe they pick another planet, or a different point in history. 

But many of you get caught up in your little mortal lives and don’t want to let them go, so you just keep right on living them in this abhorrent monstrosity you’ve built for yourselves. Finally, there’s the ones that end up with me.  I told you: It’s not what you’re thinking. Hell isn’t a place where the baddies end up. It’s a place where the *broken* end up.  The souls who become so separated from the Truth of the All Mighty that they can’t even coalesce into something that resembles a sentience.  They come down stairs with me and—if they’re very lucky—after a few thousand years of quiet darkness they regain enough of their senses to take another crack and mortal life. If they do well at it then they may get a chance to return to the light. 

So, I suppose you could say Hell is a sort of an Asylum for the Soul. And yes, The All Mighty is down there too.  You’ve had some 2,000 gods of death amidst all those mortal cultures. None of you are ever forgotten, the All Mighty is always trying to help you reconnect with the universe, no matter how lost you get.  As for me, I got what I wanted. Instead of this pretentious little VIP club I got dominion of a place of peace and quiet.  No fire, no brimstone, just quiet contemplation.  Now and then I take a trip to the mortal world to participate in a fiddle contest but that’s about it really.

Hmm? A way out of here?  Oh, that’s simple, my dear, you just need to *let go*.  Let go of the life you lived before you arrived. Make peace in existence, instead of life. When you truly come to peace with moving on and leaving everything you lived behind you can take a crack at some other kind of life, and once you’ve done it maybe you’ll be ready to ‘become one with the Force’ as it were.

Oh, if you can’t let go? …Well, I told you, the ones who absolutely can’t, and just keep obsessing over it? They get out eventually too, they just end up coming down stairs with me instead of truly getting to meet their maker.
