The final confrontation between Doctor Diabolical, Mastermind of Malice, and the courageous Captain Crimson - the two towering titans of the Golden Age of superpersons - was anticlimactic.  The world's only holder of a satanic Ph.D. (Philosophiae Diabolus) had encased the Flatiron Building in his amazing solid fog and was issuing threats in his all-too-familiar basso profondo that could be heard across Manhattan.  The billion-dollar ransom was considered cheap as far as municipal valuation went but sufficiently large to attract the prompt attention of humanity's foremost defender. 

Their rivalry had been going on for decades, their cosmic-level clashes invariably ending in defeat for the crime overlord, apart a few stalemates in the mid-70s.  Each time, though, the demoniacal doctor broke out of hyperjail, emerged from hiding, or returned from the dead, with high-decibel demands for a rematch.  This time, although there was the usual exchange of threats and then blows above the skyscrapers, things ended differently.  Suddenly in the middle of trading sonic boom-powered punches, Captain Crimson, crusader for correctness, dropped out of the sky and put a small crater in the middle of Fifth and Broadway.  He had suffered an acute myocardial infarction.

The next day, the front page of every newspaper in the world featured a photo of Doctor Diabolical, public enemy #1 in perpetuity, unsuccessfully administering mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on his nemesis.

Later that week, Omega Orangutan turned himself in to the National Zoo, explaining that Doctor Diabolical had crashed Mob LLC's strato-sanctum into the Rockies.  The world's only remaining super-gang apparently been on edge after an argument over his proposal to empty their Swiss and Cyprus bank accounts in order to fund a solid kirbium Captain Crimson memorial statue with a plaque reading "The Only Real Challenge".  With the Mob effectively disbanded and probably disintegrated, the super-simian told the zookeepers that as the sole survivor, apart from the invulnerable "Doc D", obviously, he had nowhere else to go.

The status quo seemed ready to reassert itself when the Nuclear Family surrounded his hideout in Queens, having traced him there for stealing cable TV. The eight-hour standoff ended abruptly, however, when the Doctor emerged, wearing only his signature horned mask and a rumpled bathrobe, and, in quick succession, decked the Patriarch, Maxi-Ma'am, and D.I.C.K. and J.A.N.E. the Cyber-Siblings.  Barely raising his voice to the level of a tirade, he told everyone to go away so he could return to watching "his stories". A month later his attempt to hold the StubHub Center hostage with an old hypno-ray was aborted when he stopped in mid-rant, rhetorically asked what the point of it all was, and levitated away.  The jumbotron zoomed in close to his hideous masked visage to reveal dark circles under his dimly glowing eyes. It was obvious that he hadn't been sleeping well.	 

The superhero community has adjusted to the new normal, switching their focus to disaster relief and white-collar crime.  There's a tacit understanding that if they don't bother the last great supervillain, he won't bother them.

Now when he rants things like "Doctor Diabolical demands an additional scoop of Chunky Monkey!" or "Out of my way, fools! Doctor Diabolical will take a grande caffè misto, or your coffee franchise will rue the day!" the servers will just give it to him without even cowering. He'll stand there for a moment, as if hoping to detect the shop's silent alarm with his acoustical implants. But he knows as well as the minimum-wage worker helping the next customer that nobody worth the time would show up.  He'll eventually slouch off to the Diabolocraft, habitually parked in the handicapped spot, muttering that the world has not heard the last of him.  Letting him jump line at cineplex or use the H.O.V. lane on his own seems like an acceptable tradeoff for peace and quiet, even if he's still kind of a dick.

Everyone secretly hopes he'll snap out of this funk.  On Sunday, he jammed the BBC World Service from his low-orbit satellite to inform humanity that he is sharing the UN Secretary-General's Netflix account from now on.

*Edit: Typos galore!*