 "That's it!" Gerum said, throwing the remote down on his desk. The holo display made a soft click as the visual faded. "This has gone too far! Who authorized this?" His officer stood nervously by the desk, face turning an even deeper shade of red.  A short pause ensued, followed by a quiet "You did, sir" from the officer. 

Gerum stared at the officer,  his nostrils flaring. "They landed on their moon and planted a flag, Jerry! Of all the shit they could have accomplished with that mission, they decided to stick a flag in the ground and call it a day." He took a slow sip from his glass, trying to keep his tentacle from shaking. "Some of them exploded, and still they sent more! Do you realize the impact these fucks would have on this galaxy? It takes a full galactic cycle of testing before any of us dare try a new ship. Meanwhile these backwood quadrapedes stand up out of nowhere and do, This, in only a few millicycles."

They remain in silence for a short eternity. The officer is trembling while Gerum stares distantly out of the window.  He speaks quietly now. "They would sweep over this galaxy like debris from a 'nova. By the time we could even respond they'll encompass at least a dozen star systems. Besides,  who of us would dare stand against a being that can so freely offer its life? Andromeda saw something like this, and look what happened to them! Thank God they haven't gotten here yet." He lifts his glass and takes a big sip before holding the empty glass out above the table. "Three generations of them will have come and gone by the time I set this glass down" he says, then lets the glass fall to the table.

The officer is shaking so bad he might bite his tongues, though Gerum is unsure if it is out of fear for his station or fear of these quadrapedes. "Sit down" Gerum says to the officer, fearing he might fall over. "I want you to take a few centicycles off and spend some time with your family, we at least have that long. But first, clarify how the hell you think I authorized this."

The officer swallows hard, twice, while forming a response. He glances at the empty decanter on the desk, then back to Gerum. Gerum's eyes squint at the officer.  "When I walked in, sir, you authorized our extinction of the earthbound reptiles. We watched the comet fall with a toast, then you just kept drinking until you turned the holo off."