(this was done on mobile, apologies for any bad formatting) 


"People...uhh...no...thats not right, is it? Well anyway, the server is slowing down". The bartender shouted above the general chatter.

"Bullshit!" a mildly intoxicated Staricuon threw his canister to the floor, "I'm paying good money for this!" This type of thing always happened when the processor got overloaded. The bar was one of the first to adopt a fully simulated version of itself in a computer, essentially locked to the richer patrons. The technology had been introduced to the system B54-#G when the planet Earth had joined the Galactic Federation. The bartender looked back at the many customers and reached a decision of what to do about the overloading. "Simulation will restart in 5  Terran minutes, 12 Venarution minutes,2 Standard Time minutes and 8 Staric minutes. Thanks for being a customer here!" After setting the timer, he decided to return to the main, unsimulated bar.


He opened his eyes to find himself back in the chair at the serving table. The familiar clinks of the glasses from the auto-servers around the building were the first thing noticeable that was different between the two bars. In a simulated room, things could be generated immediately meaning that wait times became almost non existent. 

There were two Venarutions in the table directly infront of him. Chatter could he heard from the two. "So...ya heard about the new system in the Fed?"

"Yeah. Terrans they call themselves. At least on the Fed register sheet"

Hey how'd you get access tah that?"

"News,friend,news!"

"Ahh. Apparently they refer to their homeworld as Earth though. Big ball o' rock! Hardly comparable to the bodies in the rest of their system. Nice gas planets, now you see *them*, you can use that gas for energy! Ain't nothin' you can do similarly on their proclaimed main planet!"

The bartender just stood and looked at them for a few seconds until they noticed. The aliens ended up getting free detox juice as well.
