I was preparing tea in a hidden anteroom off the throne room, behind the dais where the emperor ruled from his throne made, yes literally, of the bones of his enemies.  I almost dropped the kettle when I heard the explosion followed by a sucking of wind.  This room was located atop the highest of six spires stabbing the heavens from Castle Blood. Each spire painted to look as if blood was running down their length, as though they had stabbed through the earth exiting the other side. 

The fight came on in full.  The emperor spent no time with words often grunting or waving a hand to give orders and answer questions.  It took me years to understand his intentions, watching my predecessor and mentor interpret his every whim.  When the moment came to usurp his position, to finally be allowed close enough to put down the beast upon the throne I acted.  At night I can see his face, the man who trusted me and believed me to share his goals of serving this monster and see to his rule.  I had eliminated rivals for promotion in the empire without murder until that point.  

He simply needed to die. It was the only way. 

For the past two years I had been slowly poisoning the emperor, and I mean slowly, to avoid suspicion and ensure his death.  I was an assassin first and foremost.  The last thing I ever intended to be was a martyr.  A quick death would have brought a million tortures onto my head before the empire fell.  I had no desire to suffer them.  My plan was to damage the emperors body enough that he wouldn't recover.  Either he would die and the empire would crumble, or a lesser of his would usurp the weakened ruler and fail to combat the resistance as effectively. 

All of this thrown out the window the heroes of the resistance had used to breach the throne room.  I wonder if any historian will ask why that window was placed there.  Further why it wasn't reinforced.  Short answer is me. I did that.  I suggested to the emperor he should have a view of his kingdom from his throne, and after enough nagging he relented.  I also ensured that it was constructed poorly enough to not serve as a defense.  Now I had done that in the event I ever needed a quick exit from the throne room, assuming were I ever caught I would be brought here to be executed.  The window was weak enough that I could break through it by leaping into the bottom left panel, destabilizing the entire thing. 

The damn heroes will never know this gift to them. 

I set the kettle down and walked into the throne room as the fighting ended.  The heroes stood over the bloodied emperor cheering their victory.  I looked at them all and could not detect any serious injury among them.  These idiots will never know it was my poison that weakened him enough for their victory.  The emperor was as evil as he was powerful.  These heroes couldn't have defeated him on his worst day without my poison in his veins, subtly sapping his monstrous strength.  

I had inadvertently saved them from their suicide mission.  

It wasn't long before I was noticed.  The cheering ended, and I soon found myself pinned against a far wall with a forearm choking me.  I held my hands up in submission while I waited for the killing blow.  Instead the hero released me and I fell to my knees gasping for breath.  I stood slowly as the others came over to surround me and any exit I may have sought.   Their leader stepped forward, his cape flowing in the wind entering through the destroyed portal of my design. 

"Give me one good reason I shouldn't end your evil existence right now." His deep voice rumbled at me.  I could feel his rage building, and knew I had to pick my next words carefully if I wanted any chance of explaining myself. 

I dusted off my clothes and swallowed a few times before I locked eyes with him. 

"Because not all heroes wear capes."


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Really rough first draft, I hope whoever reads the whole thing enjoyed it!