My man. Let me tell you a story. A true story, about a brotha being jumped by a demon at the local IKEA. It's absolutely true and y'all better sit down and listen.

I was strolling through the IKEA, looking for gardening tools to maintain my wife's garden. She was the type of woman to go off on someone hard if they didn't maintain her garden. I'm not one to judge, so I just decided to pick up and leave to the local IKEA. Besides, it's only a five minute drive. I eventually found a power drill and decided to get my ass outta there before the lines became too long and caused my wife to come home with a trashed garden. We wouldn't want that happening.

I was just walking through one of the many luxurious furniture aisles to return to the checkout area when I noticed the labels. Goddamn, those were some broke ass labels. I mean they were literally broke and financially couldn't support themselves. The labels were so hard to pronounce, I was goddamn sure that if I pronounced one of them wrong it would summon a demon, or something!

I walked up to a bureau and read the label in my mind. "Suckamah Wood". What the hell? That seriously sounds like "suck on my wood". Bro, that's nasty! But it was funny; so I decided to read it out loud for a quick giggle. "Zhuckamynut", I mumbled. Shit! I said it wrong. Eh, not like it goddamn matters.

Suddenly, a giant cloud of smoke appeared in front of me. Only a few moments later, the smoke dispersed, revealing a big half-horse half-devil creature. He had big horns and a bushy dick. I tried to feel his dick but he kicked my hand away with his giant hooves.

"Bitch! I'm the Centaur of IKEA. Why the hell you summon me here?"

"Goddamn, sir", I remarked respectfully, "I didn't mean to summon you. I was just trying to read this bureau label."

"Well shit. You summoned me accidentally?"

"You got that part right."

"Then I need to go."

And poof, just like that, the big nig was gone. I'm gonna miss that big guy, but it's nice knowing that I can summon the bitch whenever I try to save my failing marriage at IKEA.

