“It’s that damn Potter kid again,” Argus Filch complained to professor Umbridge, the newly instated Headmistress of Hogwarts. 
       Lucas was walking down the corridor to his Transfiguration class and came to a sudden stop when he heard Filch. Lucas knew Harry Potter, but didn’t consider him a friend. Since they were both in Gryffindor, he saw him often, but Lucas was a third year and Harry was in his fifth, so they didn’t talk much. Like all Gryffindors, Lucas shared Harry’s hatred for Umbridge. This could be a chance to, in the words of one of the Weasley twins—he couldn’t tell which—, give her hell. Lucas hid behind one of the suits of armor to hear more.  
      “Ever since he found out that’s where the seventh passage is, all he does is meddle around and try to sneak out of the school. But thankfully,” Filch said with a crooked grin, “Mrs. Norris keeps watch for me and lets me know when he’s up there.”
       “But that’s not enough,” he sneered. “He always slips away before I get there.”
       Umbridge thought for a moment, absorbing what Filch had said. She, like Filch, was always looking for a reason to expel Harry and catching him sneaking out of the school would be the perfect opportunity. Suddenly, an idea came to her. 
     “We’ll place a charm on the steps leading up there. The charm will cause most of the steps to disappear and when he steps into an empty step, he will be trapped up there. When Harry is on the third floor, have Mrs. Norris notify me and I’ll activate the charm, setting the trap.”
       Filch gave a mischievous smile. He knew he had Potter once and for all. 
      Lucas had heard enough. He hurried off to class determined to tell Harry what he had heard when he saw him next. 
      Later that evening Lucas saw Harry in the Gryffindor common room. Lucas went up to Harry and told him Umbridges plan. 
     “Damn,” Harry said. Harry and Ron were headed up there later that night. Harry barely knew this kid, but was thankful he came to him. Harry had told Sirius about the passage and was planning on meeting him there tonight. But there wasn’t any time to warn Sirius. 
       Harry was about to turn away and find Ron when Lucas spoke up. 
      “Let me come with you. I can help. I’ve got this weird... gift, I guess you could call it,” Lucas said. 
      Harry leaned in, carefully listening. 
      Lucas was intimidated by the thought of running around the school at night with the Harry Potter, but figured it would make for a great story. 
      After several minutes passed, Harry, though slightly skeptical at Lucas’s... ‘gift’, agreed to let him come. There really wasn’t any other option and Harry needed all the help he could get. Harry brought over Ron and they discussed a plan.