I was biding my time. If been in his basement for days. He didn't realize that I only needed one slip up. All I needed was for him to make one mistake. I'd already thrown him off his game. He expected me to scream and cry like all the rest, but I didn't give him that pleasure. 

You see, I was taught never to show pain, never to give in, and never to give up. This idiot hadn't thrown anything at me I couldn't handle. Sure, he could hurt people. He knew the basics of torture. I was better, though. He thought that just because he was willing to inflict pain and smarter than your average guy he could break anyone. That was his game. He'd abduct you, then he'd break you, then he'd kill you. He bragged about it the whole time I was there. He talked about how I'd be his tenth victim. He was planning on getting to 100, but he didn't know who he was dealing with. 

Well, I'd felt more pain inflicted by friends and mentors during plenty of times. I had to be tough. I had to be the best. To be that, I had to be numb to pain. I had to be able to work through it and not let it get to me. He didn't know it yet, but he'd break before I did. 

It was my sixth day there. I was covered in dried blood. My mouth was dry and I hadn't eaten since the third day. But, I knew I was wearing him down. Today, though, something was different. There was no cruel banter. He didn't try to gloat. He didn't seem to enjoy it anymore. Instead, he just seemed mad. I could tell he just wanted me to break, but I hadn't showed so much as a grimace. In fact, most of the time, I smiled. I knew it would eat him up inside. 

I'd just gotten my hands free. I know, someone like me, I should've gotten loose the first hour. I guess I have to give the guy a little credit. He did know how to tie up hands. When he came in, I acted normal. I didn't want him to know I was loose. I waited for my chance. He hit me for a while just to let off steam, then he turned to get his pliers. I made my move. 

A couple minutes later, he was flat on his back, his neck snapped like a twig. It felt good to be free. I guess the moral of the story is... don't abduct a seal.

