“If you think about it, it makes sense.” 
“That Leonardo DiCaprio needs to win an Oscar in order to open up a demonic portal and destroy the world?” 
“No, that Leo isn’t human. What movie has he failed in? Even Daniel Day Lewis flopped around in ‘Thank You, P.G. Wodehouse,’ but Leo- that crafty bastard- he was even worthwhile in ‘Romeo + Juliet.’” Julius grinned and took me by the shoulder, and in the blink of an eye I was no longer in the backroom of the Academy’s Voting Conclave. Instead, I stand on a green cliff overlooking the sea, the waves bursting fifty feet beneath my black dress shoes. I am still holding a scotch and soda, and the tux I had just purchased for my first Oscars did little to keep out the salty cold. Julius’ wings were showing now. I could tell he had practiced this pitch a couple of times before, holding back the Power and Majesty card until just the right moment. 
“But, why does he have to win on? Why can’t he just steal it?” 
“The rules.” Julius began to glow brightly from his robe. “Look, I understand you don’t want to do this. I’ve watched you from afar for a long time. You spent 5 years running coffee for shitty B movie directors before you finally got your broke in as a part time screen writer. Another decade writing steady, if uninspired, scripts that were hacked to pieces and resurrected as soulless movies that looked nothing like your originals. And now, now you get an invitation to decide the fate of the Oscars, and the world. Do you want to know why? Because I lifted you up. I know you will make the right decision. I know you don’t like to cheat, but it’s what the cosmos needs.” He had slowly been growing, taller and taller and brighter and brighter until it hurt to look at him, so small I seemed and so ugly. 
A little further down the cliff a slim mother and her child appeared, holding hands and stumbling towards us. “Mommy, how do you know this beach so well?” “Sweetie, I grew up here.” “Will I ever know as much as you?” “One day, when you have a little baby of your own, you will know this whole beach like I do.” 
I look at Julius, my face a mixture of alarm for the two and shock that the angel would be so careless. Seeing my face, he responded calmly, “They can’t see us.” The couple quickly moved past and continued down the path. “But they might look back on this day as the last happy one they ever had,” Julius solemnly said. “That decision lies with you.” 
Suddenly I’m back at the voting plaza. My card is next to me, with a pen in my hand. I look around for Julius, but he’s gone. The pitch is over, and I’m left alone to make my choice.
…
The evening drones on, a mix of pageantry and self-congratulating. Finally, the nominations are called. Even just saying the names of the others makes me cringe: “Steve Carrell… Michael Fassbender… Bryan Craston …”
Julius appears again, sitting next to me, a deep smile on his lips. He hands me another drink. “You did the right thing,” he reassures. 
“How do you know I voted against him?” I asked. 
“I don’t. You just have the look of a man who made the right choice, even at great pain.”
The announcer, Daniel Day Lewis, takes the gold envelope. “I think I did.” I respond, and look Julius in the eye. “The winner is… finally, Leo!” DiCaprio stays in his seat, a look of genuine shock on his face. Julius grabs me by the shoulder and starts to dig into my flesh. After a few seconds of white hot rage, he just asks, “…why?” 
“You were too on the nose. Leo’s just better at this craft than you, man.” 
