"Okay everybody, listen up! I said BE QUIET!!"

The small crowd of male students came to a hush as they begrudgingly turned their attention to the front of the hallway. There stood Eugene, proudly waving his official Housing Office clipboard over his head like a scepter to demand the freshmen's attention. "How did this guy even manage to qualify to become a RA??" Josh of 222-A thought as Eugene commanded them with his shrill voice.

"We got a lot to cover for this hall meeting, so I need you guys to LISTEN! First, we need to cover the issues we've been having with the hall showers and restrooms. The janitors have been giving me a hard time lately due to the shower drains smelling like wet dog and constantly being clogged."

A soft chorus of chuckles rose through the crowd.

"It's clogged with *hair* you guys. I'm also getting complaints about how you guys keep leaving catastrophic messes all over the toilets. So for the fourth time, keep your piss *in* the commodes, not all over the floor! Do you under-, ugh, what is it??"

Above the crowd was raised a long, shaggy arm topped off with what could pass off as a sharply clawed ~paw~ hand. It was Wendell Howlitzer, resident of 222-B. 

"How...how will we know then whose marking bowl is whose??" he asked, his head slightly tilted and ears perked up inquisitively.

"You don't *own* a public commode!" Eugene groaned, cupping his face in his free hand. "Jesus, Howlitzer, were you raised in the woods?"

A soft, anxious whine escaped from the lanky lycanthrope's throat. Wendell slowly crouched lower, as if his 6'6" frame could be camouflaged behind the wall of his average height neighbors.

"Do I have to give any more tips on house training? Good, because now I have to teach you guys how to use the break room! That fire evacuation we had last week happened because *someone* thought they could microwave a sausage hot pocket without removing the plastic wrap first."

On cue, everyone slowly turned to look in Josh's direction. It took Josh a moment to realize it the target of their glares wasn't him, but the pale figure behind him crazy enough to wear a jet black turtleneck on a smoldering September day. Vladik of 222-C looked back, nonplussed by the accusing stares.

"Zhe box said zhe food was microwavable!" Vladik protested, holding up the crisp husk of cardboard. "How could I know zhey box was a lie!?"

"Because you should have read the instructions ON THE BACK!" Eugene turned the  box in Vladik's hands around and stuck it up to his pointy, ~Transylvanian~ "All-American" nose. "It's like you suck at reading...and eating." 

"I'll show YOU how I eat," Josh heard Vladik darkly mutter under his breath.

"Finally," Eugene continued, "Be aware that we have campus visits coming through the hall this week. So to keep things in line, I've put up a new hall poster, assigned a mandatory education event...and canceled all guest visitations till Friday."

Josh covered his ears as the hallway erupted in outbursts of anger and profanity, with everyone demanding for their RA to give their visit privileges back. Everyone that is, but "Gil" the large eyed, web fingered kid who lived on the other side of Josh's suite in 222-D. Just seeing Gil out of his room was unusual enough, much less him actually taking notes at one of Eugene's pompous meetings, which was now spiraling down fast.

I don't want to hear your butthurt about girlfriends coming over or staying the night!" Eugene screeched over the crowd, backing up into his room as he waived his university-sanctioned clipboard. "If I can spend a few nights alone, you can, too!" he yelled, before slamming the door behind him.

--------------------------------------------------
"Dumbass freshmen," Eugene scowled, stepping into his personal bathroom to brush his teeth. It was one of several perks that came with the RA job: paid housing tuition, a suite to yourself, and visitation privileges, all for the price of keeping a few dumb freshmen in line.

"I had to suck it up when I first got here. Why shouldn't they?" 

"Oh, I agree, Eugene," came the confirmation of a disembodied voice. A a sharp chill went up Eugene's acne marked spine, as a cool breeze filled his heated suite out of nowhere. As the power started to flicker out of power, Eugene panicked to escape through the bathroom door...only to come face to face with the "All American" nose he had shoved a box into earlier that evening.

"All the better," Vladik cackled as prepared to he sink his fangs into the sophmoric neck, "that I suck at eating."