
In neon-split Atlantis, sunk beneath Hypnosia’s waves, graphite towers swaying in their glowing lattice sleeves--everyone’s on OpNet, wired in at birth. You can spot an Atlantean off-world by their flinching, twitching eyelids, the little tics in the upper cheek, the oft unfocused gaze. Logging off just *doesn’t happen*; their nervous flesh betrays them. 

But Jimmy is on-world, for business, and the nervous one now is him. This water world is home to some premium psychedelics--some freaky fungi flourish in this planet’s thermal vents. Sitting in a velvet alcove in his host’s penthouse pod, Jimmy is peering through his lenses at a sample of Batch 95. 

“Good?” asks Yeonso, placid faced, without inflection. Behind those opaque eyes, he is having other conversations--with other Atlantean merchants, colluding, setting prices. To do business with one Atlantean is to do business with them all; they are the perfect cartel, all eyes on a single goal--to ensure, forever and always, that drug prices never go down.

“Hm,” says Jimmy--stalling, thinking, waiting. The batch *is* good, and very expensive. In the twelve hours since he arrived, prices have risen by six bps. He’s geared his accounts for this trip, borrowed more than ever before, and even then he falls short of hitting the minimum order. All he can afford now is one pallet three grades down, but then the margins would be lower, and he’d have to round up more sales. That isn’t what he wanted. He was hoping for less hustle.  

“Not good enough,” says Jimmy, leaning back, tone light and casual. If he’s going to have to hustle, then by God, he’s going to *hustle*. The next ten years will not be spent in a cycle of leverage and debt, from the feet of the lords of Hypnosia, to dens of various ports. He wasn’t sure, before, but now--he’s certain, decided. “My buyer this time is dealing at the Sino-Russo port. He has demanding clients, who are bored of doing Batch 90. 95 isn’t that different. It’s not going to impress.”

“Ah.” Yeonso is silent--eyelids fluttering, conferring--speaking to his peers through the optic implant in his skull. Jimmy clasps his hands together neatly, resting them on his knees, keeping them locked in place--clamping down perceptible trembles. 

*Let’s do it,* Jimmy thinks, throat muscles contracting around the words. *Thattaboy*, comes a voice in reply, female and triumphant. Jimmy can’t see her face, but is willing to bet nonetheless, that back in their ship where she’s waiting, Tara is pumping a gleeful fist. *Tell me when*, she says, *I’m ready whenever you are.*

“Perhaps you would like to examine a bit of Batch 115. Allow me to retrieve a sample for your perusal. A few minutes, and I’ll be back--pour yourself another drink.” Yeonso rises to his feet, and moves to the other side of the room, where a partition stands, chrome and forbidding, guarding the dragon’s den. A blink, and the chrome ripples clear, and Yeonso takes a half step in.

“Now,” says Jimmy, bolting forwards, “Now, Tara, *now*.”

There is a look of furious confusion on Yeonso’s face as he turns around--lip curled back, brows drawn low--and then his eyes blast blank and wide, and his mouth opens in a silent scream. 

*I did it,* says Tara, *I did it! OpNet’s down! I actually did it. I'm going down in history. I can't believe I did it.*

“I am going to ignore the fact that you sound pleasantly surprised.” Jimmy pushes past Yeonso’s writhing form, into the now open vault. Somewhere in this trove, a mother spore is rooted--the key to the end of monopoly, to the start of a brand new war. “How long do I have?”

*You’ve got twenty seven minutes of all Atlantean eyes in blackout. Get in and get out Jimmy, before Atlantis boils with you in it.*