  I sprinkle water onto the tomato plant, smiling as the moisture seeps into the soil around the stalk. Two green spheres dangle from its branches. Not yet ripe, but healthy. I shield my eyes with a hand and look up at the midday sky. A great silhouette glides among the clouds, and for a moment it forms a shadowed shape within the sun itself. Two great, webbed wings extend from a long, reptilian body, lead by a triangular head bristling with spikes. My Cinder.

Something in the distance catches my eye. A rising cloud of dust from the road, drifting slowly to the side in the easterly wind. Riding hard and fast atop a war horse, a knight in full plate charges carries a long lance and shield, his visor up to reveal a grim visage. 

My heart sinks into my stomach. I let the can fall from my fingers, then smooth my dress and brush away the dirt. I may as well look presentable while I explain to this man his idiocy. Since the new year he is the fourth errant knight to trespass on my lands, seeking glory and a swooning princess. Three of them listened to reason. They left without much fuss, with only disappointed pride and a bitter taste in their mouths. One, though, would not hear me. He found only fire and blood.

“My lady,” he says, voice breathy from exhaustion. “Are you hurt?”

“No,” I say. “I am not hurt. This is-“

“Thank the gods,” says the knight. “I am in time. Seek shelter, my lady, the beast hovers nearby and may attack at any moment. I cannot slay him if I am worried about your safety.”

I take in a deep breath, then let it out slowly. 

“This is my tower,” I say, like I’m talking to a child. “And these are my lands. And that monster hovering nearby is my friend. Even if you had the smallest chance of actually harming him, I would be extremely upset with you for doing so.”

His mouth falls open, but no words come out. He merely gapes, shifting his weight to adjust as his horse stamps impatiently beneath him. 

I turn to walk back to my tower, then look back over a shoulder at him. “If you’d like some provisions for the journey back you are welcome to what I have, though I will ask you to leave straight after. Your presence here will upset my Cinder.”

Just then a boom vibrates the earth. With a gust of flapping wings Cinder lands heavily on the ground nearby, craning his long neck to study the trespasser. Up close the dragon is a marvel, nearly the size of a church. Cinder’s muscled limbs hold up a lithe, predatory body covered in shining red scales, and his tail stretches out behind like a massive serpent, swishing with a mind of its own. Glowing red eyes peer from within a savage face. Rows of glistening white teeth spike the upper and lower jaw, and large nostrils work in and out like bellows.  

The knight’s horse whinnies and rears on its hind legs, and the armored knight barely manages to stay in the saddle.

“Gods above,” he cries. “This- this monster is your pet?”

“No,” I say.

Approaching cinder, I wait for him to angle his head towards me, then lovingly stroke his snout. His scales feel like supple glass. I can feel the heat of his breath, like being near a campfire.

“He is my friend,” I say. “He is very protective of me, and I of him. So you see there is no fiend in need of slaying, and there is no fair damsel in need of rescuing. All you have found here is a happy, peaceful home, made less so by your arrival.” 

The knight gapes at the towering dragon, his hard features softened with awe and wonder. Carefully, he removes his helmet, holding it absently in his lap. Sweat sticks the long, dark curls to his forehead like a man just woke from bed. He places a soothing hand on the neck of his animal.

“There there,” he says to the horse. He looks up at me. “I believe I understand.  It seems the rumors at court have badly missed the truth of your circumstances, My Lady.  Forgive me.”

As he turns to go, a roaring voice speaks from the very depts of the earth.

“Wait,” the dragon commands. “I tire of this.”

My titanic friend lifts a claw to his teeth, then jabs the sharp point into the gums at the back of his mouth. A rumble of pain escapes his throat. His paw, nearly the size of the knight’s horse, extends forward towards the man, and the fingers uncurl. Resting on the great palm is a single tooth, like an ivory scimitar blade.

“For the fools at court,” Cinder Says. “Congratulations, knight. You have slain me.”