He stared at the ceiling of the hospital room unable to quite drink in what his mother had just said. A difficulty slider? And why would she be so cruel to max it out? He had barely scraped by high school, and been forced to leave his job as a mechanic. He had depression, anxiety, and intrusive thoughts. He couldn't even commit to a single possible career. 

"I'll be setting it to novice now," his mother said. The words wounded his pride. "I should have seen the signs that you couldn't handle this after they let you go." A knife twisted in the wound. 

It was a week before the doctors deemed him fit to go home. His hands were starting to move like they did before he had been admitted. His mother picked him up and the drive home was silent. He resented that someone he had trusted had been so needlessly cruel. They got into the house and she showed him his slider. He tried to adjust it just one notch down, he could handle that much he was sure, but it seemed only she could interact with it.

"Only the summoner can touch it," She said, "and only one person has permission to summon it at a time. I'll give it to you once you get your life together." 

He hadn't expected the immediate changes as she slid the slider down and dispelled it. Immediately he shrank two inches. It felt like falling. He notice his shirt start to tent out as a pressured grew on his chest. It wasn't long before he had two fully formed breasts. He felt similar sensations all over her body as her proportions shifted and he became female. 

He couldn't quite comprehend what had happened. Even with the slight boost to intelligence. He had been told his whole life that women have it harder, so why was he a girl now? He acted horrified at the changes. His mother couldn't even explain why it had happened. He excused himself to his room saying he was going to do research. 

He closed the door and slumped to the ground. He wasn't really horrified this had happened to him. His head was spinning with the change, but it wasn't cloudy by an oncoming panic attack, or even just the usual haze of depression. He had wanted something like this his whole life. He knew about trans people, but he had been unable to draw the line between them and his desire to be a woman. After he liked girls!

*Fine if I'm a woman then I'll need a name*, she thought. Perhaps Zoe. She was nervous and excited for the future, for the first time ever. But before she could truly begin making plans she wanted to get a look at her self in the mirror. Her baggy old boy clothes did a lot to hide her form, but she thought she was pretty naturally cute. She didn't think she had been unattractive as a guy, but she knew she'd be much happier to see this face in the mirror for the rest of her life. 

She wondered what life would be like on easy. Would it get boring? She knew that she'd deal with that if turning up the difficulty would take away her womanhood. 

edit: if this describes a fantasy you have then please feel free to message me about that. 