"Um... they?" I managed to stutter. Almost as a response to my statement, something flew through my window leaving glass scattered on the floor. I tried to make out what it was but it moved too quickly to make out clearly, it seemed as if it was some sort of silent, large... bug? I was going to try running upstairs and grabbing the glock in my bedstand but before I could move a foot, the SWAT looking team opened fire and yelled at me to get down.

Half deaf from their full auto rifles, I managed to get down and start army crawling towards the stairs. I heard a cacophony of glass breaking, bullets firing, men yelling, and what I could have sworn was the sound of a blowdart. I was too scared to look back, hoping that whatever happens I can get my gun.

I made it up the stairs without incident and as I came to my bedroom I uttered a silent thanks that my room hadn't been caught in the chaos. I practically jumped to my bedstand and opened the drawer to find the glock hidden under a few old photos of my family, for a moment I was afraid that I might not see them again. Then there it was, steel created with the singular purpose of death. Noone messes up my house and gets away with it.

Rushing back downstairs I saw a very different scene, where the team were positioned, there were only three left standing the other three on the floor convulsing violently. The room was swarming with more of those "bugs" that now seemed more aggressive, shooting what looked like boney needles from their mouths. Bullet holes and errant needle shots littered the walls of my home, leaving a warzone in my living room.

I had been taught early on how to fire and maintain a gun, and those skills hadn't failed me. BANG one down, BANG another, I felt like a badass. No time to strike a pose though as they kept coming. The SWAT looking team had fought hard and were holding their own taking down any number of these things. After a while it had calmed down... sort of. I didn't see any, but I heard screams ring out, my neighbours. Me and a member of those men ran to the window, looking out we saw easily 50 more tearing them apart. 

I had felt this before in wartime, watching someone you knew being killed. I looked to the man next to me and saw him visibly sickened, backing off to vomit. 'Right on the carpet.' I thought. Grabbing the rifle left by one of the, now most definitely dead, guards I reloaded and examined their uniforms. What I thought were some sort of fancy SWAT had no  affiliation with a police force. The only  identification I could find was a red and white insignia, and under it in bold lettering...

UMBRELLA CORP. 

"Of fucking course." I said out loud, "Haven't you guys screwed up my life enough already?!"