Jesus was always that kid in class who never held himself back from speaking his mind. He ended up in the principal's office more times in one week than I did in all four years of high school. He was always the life of the party in college while I was back in the dorm studying differential equations. I was quite jealous of him growing up, as he was so well-loved by anyone he met. He lit up a room when he walked into it. He was my best friend, but grabbing my kid's presents in the middle of the night was going too far, even for him. There's a difference between living life on the edge and screwing others over. He was never the type to do the latter. 

I stormed down the stairs ready to have an altercation, even if that meant grabbing him while he was fleeing. I screamed, "Dios mío, Jesus. ¿Qué demonios estás haciendo? Son las 3:33 de la madrugada." 

Jesus sheepishly stopped on my driveway and walked back towards me, "sorry, man, I had a lot to drink last night. I have no idea how I'm going to pay for my rent this month, and this is the hardest Christmas I've ever had. My mom just died last week, and I'm sitting alone in the house ready to break down while I hear my kid in the next room praying for me to be happy. What kid her age prays for her dad's wellbeing and not a pony or something? I figured you'd let me borrow this, since you didn't even get me a birthday present, but I don't think you remembered it was today since you didn't say anything to me. You haven't for weeks. You're buying your kids all this stuff, and I don't know how I'm even eating tonight. I just want to give my own daughter a gift this morning. She's going to wake up to nothing. I'm so sorry." 

Of course I wouldn't have let him borrow the new GoPro I just bought my daughter, even if he asked. I spent a ton of money on that, and it's not like I bought her everything she wanted every year. I assumed I knew Jesus pretty well until that moment, as this this was so unexpected. Here he was running off with my own daughter's Christmas present, and he probably would have never let me know he did so, by the sound of it. I definitely didn't give a crap whether or not a friend of mine bought me a birthday present, and hadn't since I was in elementary school. Who says things like that? Did he also want clowns and a bunch of balloons? Perhaps a bouncy castle? ..... But it was nauseating to know his only hope of paying bills that month was the small chance of me ever noticing he was struggling financially. Or was a gift what this was even about? I did completely forget it was his birthday. I never even noticed his mom died, right before Christmas, no less. I looked under the tree and saw piles of presents. He thought they were all my kids' presents, but Christmas was a huge event in my family, and I had multiple family members staying over. I really didn't have a lot to give my kids. Did semantics really matter now, though? He was still going through a really rough time. 

I looked back at Jesus, then looked at the Christmas tree again. My kid did have a couple other presents. I started feeling guilty....or maybe that was the sleep-deprivation talking; it wasn't even 4am yet. "Look, man, just take the present. I'm exhausted. My door is open to you any time. I had no idea what was going on." 

Jesus sighed, "Wtf is wrong with me? You know I'm not like this." 

I replied, "I know you're not like this. I spray-painted a giant sack on my ex's car multiple times, for Christ's sake, even knowing she's a lawyer. I don't make good decisions when drunk, stressed, and sleep-deprived either. Bring your daughter over this morning. We're having a big breakfast." 

Jesus and I are now closer than ever before. I have a great friend in Jesus. 

Edit: sentence structure 