In the depths of depression I'd cut more people out of my life than I could remember. People that cared. People that worried. I cut them out because I didn't want them to, and that only made it worse. In truth, I cut them out because I didn't want to *see* the pain I caused them anymore. I expected to see one of them.

That would've been easier. 

The overweight man that sat across from me *was* me, but different. There was... benevolence behind his eyes. Laughter, joy. Forgiveness. It made my stomach clench.

"I tried, you know," he said, giving me a half smile. "Not every day. Sometimes not for months at a time. But I tried." His eyes began to glisten but he blinked it away. "I wanted you to get better. I knew you could be. I knew what you resigned yourself to wasn't all there was. You just couldn't see it at the time. So I tried."

A tear slipped down his cheek and he wiped it away. "You even wanted it too, sometimes. We made progress!" He raised his voice. "Why did you always have to change your mind?"

The tear-stained smile on his chubby face was too much to bear.

I gritted my teeth and blinked away my own tears, meeting his eyes. "I'm sorry," I tried to say, but my voice cracked and shame poured in like a flood.

"I know," he said, looking sorry himself. "You always were. You let that comfort you, in your darkest moments. *That*, not me. Not the only part of you that really wanted to help."

He looked away. "You'd go along just long enough to placate me. Or tell me that I was right, but you couldn't do anything about it right now. You promised you'd do it later. When you got home from work, when you'd saved up enough money. Any excuse you could think of to avoid actually *doing* it."

His patience had faded and there was anger in his voice now. "You'd read self-help and other people's sob stories for hours on end, comparing your self-tragedy to theirs, acting like you just had to find the most optimal solution and then you'd act on it. But look at you now!" He was shouting now, standing, glaring daggers at me. "You're dead! And all I ever wanted to do was stop that!"

He slumped back into his chair, defeated. "You never even let me cry... Just like everyone you pushed away, I wanted to help, but you shut me out. *Me.* The only person who understood all your flaws and mistakes and still loved you. But you couldn't believe even that..."

My jaw clenched to hold back the sobs, I raised a hand to wipe a tear away. He slapped my hand down and grabbed me by the ears. "*That's* the problem, you idiot! You never let anyone in, not even me! You got so wrapped up in your own self-loathing and shortsighted 'acceptance' of your misery that you couldn't escape. You didn't *want* to. You thought you at least understood yourself. You thought it was better to be miserable than *wrong.*"

He let go of my head and turned, walking away. "Turns out you were both."