Looking back on humanity, it seems like the more our needs and wants are met, the less human we become.


It's 2067. Earth needed a new method to clean up the sins of the industrial revolution and the immense ecological disaster that followed the tech boom in the early 2000's. A group of scientists stumbled on a new element in Jupiter's eye. An element nicknamed Sovereign that could dissolve our staggering continents of consumer driver waste.

Many human lives were sacrificed to build the collection dome on Jupiter. And as civizations began to war over the many resources that long distance space travel, a little known scientist created an alternative.

Teleportation is what they called it. Some people would say that the term for this newly born method of travel. A retro throwback rebranding a cruel process to make it seem marvelous. 

But as the sins of humanity past was starting to draw it's final death rattle, the guise of prosperity blinded the oncoming generations. You see, under the noble names of Teleportation and Sovereign humanity would entirely loose it's humane identity.

Just as the generations before us, poverty writhed beneath the weight of the upper classes. Social programs were all but gone and suddenly poor became a life sentence of servitude that every cycle of man has known. The only way out was to enlist in the Jupiter Mining Corp. It offered pay and a simple motto-ed promise: "We Endure for Earth".


I enlisted at 16, under a law that gave foster children a way out of a dismal system. I remember how naively proud I was. I was being brave for mankind; my efforts kept the earth stable for the future. No one ever explains things to kids, they just sit back and let the gravity of life suck you down. 

I knew a lot of the people that worked at the teleportation facility with me. The faces of my fellow orphans and abused peers were much like the one I saw in the mirror every morning. We cleaned the labs after each "event" and refined the deliver raw Sovereign into usable, safe material. It was exhausting to the bone.

When I was 32 I was summoned before the Head of JMC and the wiry, erratic man offered me a unique promotion. 

"We have review your file-" he paused to clear his throat and began again-"Jupiter Mining believes you have great potential. How would you like to Teleport offworld?"

The ink on my contract was dry before I even understood what Teleportation really was. It was a slaughter and I was about to find out how much killing I would have to endure to keep the garbage of the masses from re-encompassing Earth.


PART TWO will have to come later. Bed time for now!