"Mr. Bishop," she said, "please come in."

I wiped my sweaty palms into my hands and got up from the chair. Not being sure of the expected etiquette, I tried squeezing out a friendly smile, then a nod, and, still feeling discontent, I added a meek "thank you" while entering her office. The space itself wasn't as fancy as I imagined it would be. There were two chairs by the window, facing each other, and an unimpressive desk in the opposite corner. The desk was dark grey, had two drawers with slits instead of handles and seemed not much different from the one I bought in IKEA last week. I stopped in the middle of the room. I had hoped she would lead me towards the chairs, but Ms. Waters had chosen to stay a bit back. Maybe she was examining my demeanor, whether I would wait for her invitation or plop down on the chair without being asked to do so. The latter choice would have made me look confident and strong, though masking your emotions seemed counter-productive in this place.

"Please sit, Mr. Bishop," she said, while I was contemplating the pros and cons of confidence versus genuineness.

"Uh, Miles. Call me Miles. Please."

"Alright," she grinned, "you can call me Sky."

I smiled, without response, trying to endure eye contact.

"How are you feeling, Miles?"

"Great. I mean, okay. Wouldn't be here if I was feeling great," I laughed, pondering whether that joke made her feel dreadful.

"What's stopping you from feeling great then?"

"Schizophrenia," I spilled the beans, in a slow, not-at-all-spilling kind of manner, carefully mouthing each of the five damned syllables, "I mean, I think it's schizophrenia."

"You think?"

"I see people. I'm sorry, all my knowledge about it is from A Beautiful Mind, so I don't know if that is, you know, *that*, but, yeah, I see people."

"Do you talk with these people, Miles?" Ms. Waters eyed me in a way that suggested disbelief.

"I used to. Now I just try to ignore them."

"What would you talk about with these people?"

I wiped my palms and noticed spots on my pants left from the sweat. She didn't seemed convinced. I felt that I made a mistake coming here. All I would accomplish was making a fool of myself. Then I realized I had already paid the hundred bucks, so standing up and leaving would be even more stupid.

"As I said," I collected myself, "I try to ignore them now, but before... well before they would ask me for pictures."

"Pictures?"

"Yeah, pictures and autographs."

"Maybe you're famous, Mr. Bishop," she giggled, which I felt was unprofessional, but not wanting to seem rude, I giggled also.

"I'm not," I said, louder than I would have liked, "I'm sorry, it's just... I'm not famous, okay? They say I am, but I'm not. They say I become famous in the future."

She paused. One second, two seconds, three seconds. I felt the heat death of the universe approaching while she thought of a response.

"The future?" she finally managed.

"They say they're from the future and I'm famous there. I mean, then."

"They're time travelers?"

"Apparently."

"And do they say, what you're famous of?"

"Nope. They ask me that."

"They ask you what you will become famous of?" Ms. Waters narrowed her eyes.

"Yes."

"And what do you say?"

"What do you think I say. I don't know, get away from me, fuck off," the "fuck" was less powerful than I hoped it'd be, "You know, anything to get them to stay away."

"You know, Mr. Bishop, anything you say here is protected by therapist-patient confidentiality. I cannot tell anyone a single word you say. Please, relax and tell me truthfully. There must be something significant that you've done to gather this much attention."

"What?" I said, leaning forward and scratching my head, "there is nothing! I have not done a single fucking thing of importance. I'm as average joe as it gets. Nothing. Nothing at all. There is NOTHING!"

"Huh, so it's just a time paradox." She sighed. "What a shame."

Ms. Waters stood up, slowly. She turned away and walked over to her desk. She opened the drawer and revealed a camcorder with the lens positioned to look through the slit into the room. Betrayal and sadness crept up when I realized she had recorded our conversation. Before I could do anything about it, though, Ms. Waters had run through the door. Moments later, I jumped from my chair and ran in pursuit of her. I headed towards the stairs. Her office was on the third floor and I could see her running down the stairs. She had already reached the first floor. I sprinted downwards, trying my best to catch her. I hadn't finished the first flight of stairs when I heard her opening the door and leaving the building. When I finally got outside, Ms. Waters had vanished. I searched for her for an hour or two but had no luck.

I was furious as probably anybody would be after such a breach of privacy. For a couple of days I couldn't leave the house. I felt violated and was afraid to go back into the world. I was more afraid of losing my job, though, so I called my boss, told him I was feeling better and was ready to go back to work. I exited my house, went to the bus stop, and got to work. At the end of the day, I caught the same bus home and headed straight to bed, still feeling depressed. This routine repeated for days. Five to be exact. During the sixth day I realized that nobody had approached me. No one had asked me to sign anything nor to take a picture with them. It finally dawned on me. Why would they? After all, I didn't do anything. It was a time paradox all along. There's even video proof of me admitting that. Betrayal, anger and depression all gave way for gratefulness: Ms. Waters had healed me.