As the roar of the freshly-produced jets were silenced, Commander Sergeant Daniel Rusk and her 2nd in command, Corporal Scott Godwin, stepped out onto the outreach of the dropship and onto the cracked ground that could be considered dirt, their senses had already gotten a hold on the atmosphere of the land. Dusty, Bitter, and Dry. As the Privates and Lieutenants took point with one another, they stood by and talked about what they should talk about.

"So, this is it?"

"Well, ma'm, this is... here. Western Australia. While this region is quite barren, there's still plently of vegetation on the planet, even around here."

"Any possible landmarks or towns so we can get our bearings?"

"We should be roughly northeast to what may be the pervious site to a town called Laverton. You.... you should know this. Did you not fully read the report?"

"Eh, skimmed over it a bit, mostly focused on what the upper brass said about what they were able to pick up from afar. But I wouldn't want to put you outta a job, ey Scott?"

"No offense ma'm but that's a terrible attitude for something as influential as this, and it could put YOU out of a job."

"Yeah I kn-"

She was cut short by the wailing of an exhausted Lieutenant, reporting that they had spotted signs of unknown established forces to the southwest, some odd 5 or 6 humanoid figures and a few barricades and shelters spanning several miles. They had a target.

As they marched through the clearly unrepaired roads, the houses seemed empty. They were convinced that the risk of some Salnedi post catching them wasn't a fair deal, so they marched until they found a metal wall.... wait, it was a gate. And by the looks of it, a fairly well made and definately post-19th industrial gate. It was raised, clattering so hard the Privates wished for a firefight. As it rose, stenciled sentences welcomed them in, and as the division marched in, they were greeted with screeching of speakers that made them all wish to go back to the fucking gate again. But it quickly lowered to a small static, then a man.

"Identification"

"We are the 51st Light Division representing the might of Man's Republic, I am Sergeant Rusk, we are sent here to give liberation, and we will not stand back!"

"..."

Muttering followed silence, as silence followed Rusk.

"Liberation?"

"Yes, we are here to defeat the Salnedi forces that remain, and reestablish Earth as the homeworld of man!"

Chuckling followed. Then some incomprehensible  orders. Then another voice, a gruffer, more supported one.

"Alright, we'll humor you, but a few things. Keep your ordinance holstered, none of us want trouble. Second, this is our town, and you cannot call it yours yet. Third, there are many civilians, including Salnedi people. You harm 'em, we'll have to have another chat. Alright, go on in."

The division might as well have been a hivemind in those five seconds. Salnedi? Orders to not harm? This might be dogmatically against their orders and goals. It actually should be! Wait, did they say civilians as well as Salnedi?

The doors burst open as what looked to be soldiers pulled them out and took point, accompanying the division by their flanks as they marched down the.... seemingly regular market town. People talked as usual, but had slowly started to gather around, forming a parade like tunnel for them to follow. Among them, Salnedi. They looked like what they had always looked like, humanoids with narrowed bald heads that formed to either a glistening ovalish cranuim, or a barbed feeler-ridden maw used for communicating and chewing. To the division and the rest of Man's Republic, disgusting, to others, maybe slightly offputting.

Their armour was made from riot control gear that looked as if it was made just before The Collective Jump. Something straight outta some teen's post-apocalyptic Sci-Fi graphic novel. Neon lenses and optics had illuminated with simple notifications on the militaristic gasmask-helmet headwear, with a decent layer of ballistic fibers and polymers behind a duster. In all regards, simple, emboldening, and dusty. Among this, and the simple robes and 19th century clothing every civi was wearing, the division stood out like a pepper in the Arctic. Their freshly made exo-abdominal light comabt armour with flexible material and sensors glowed with a blinding white almost unheard of to the inhabitants, elegant yet advanced. Then, they reached a wall of flesh and armour, accompanying in front of a wall of metal and concrete. Rusk sighed and stepped forward to a man at the gate, identified as a commander by his badge.

"We are the forces of-"

"We heard. You'll get your time to speak with Representative Elliot. For now, stay here and wait."

Everyone was impatient, but perhaps Rusk was the most of them all. She tried again.

"I demand to speak to this Representative, we are on orders to-"

"Ma'm, I said to wait. There are some things our forces need to get in order. I-"

She ignored his insistence and turned to the Salnedi guard to his right. It just stood there and held their own, as most likely ordered by their superior.

"I wonder if you lot have somehow learned any languages of man yet, wouldn't suprise me."

It didn't dignify her with a response, not even a recognition of her existence. It just stood there, holding it's own. The only thing that angered Rusk more than being talked down to was this.

"Come on, even if you can't speak one of their languages, surely you can speak your own?"

It held it's own.

She grabbed it's arm, trying to wrestle something from it, either a respone, or it's Winchester.

The Commander raised his shotgun.

Rusk turned towards it.

The trigger clicked.

Rusk closed her eyes.

A indescribable pain scorched through her system as the power of a beanbag knocked her tooth loose.

She immediately went down to a knee, most of the Privates and Lieutenants wanting none of this. Corporal Godwin waved his arms and commanded the division to stand down and calm as he and others tried to get Rusk on her feet. They couldn't, and she hit the road with enough force to sever the last bit of flesh attached to her tooth.

For once, Rusk thought as she driftted off into unconsciousness, it was nice to finally come home and rest.

END.

Part 1 of ???

I might turn this into a series. Feedback, as always, is appericated.

Edit: This is now a series apparently. 

[Here is Part 2: The Representative](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9l7oez/pi_every_intelligent_skilled_or_rich_human_has/?utm_source=reddit-android)