It wasn't as bad when father was alive. I was 13 then, and couldn't find the words to send them away. But father could. Stately and regal he would tell the suitor, "the dragon is her pet," and "no, I am serious, I was the one who gave it to her," or sometimes, "what is wrong with you? She's 13, at least wait 'till she reaches 14!." Not quite what I want to say, but I lacked the confidence to yell, "Begone you Rakefire! If I wanted you, I'd let you know!." That was until He, arrived. 

Tall, blue eyed, blond hair, and a well sculpted vision of absolutely putrid waste, Prince Philip walked into the court two days before my 16th birthday. Uninvited. 

He announced " I'm here to save you princess," to which the present court sighed and rolled their eyes. It's apparent to all in the land that Nelly was a dear companion and pet, yet this gobshite failed to learn the culture of the land. They all failed. None knew the layout, the people or their true needs, not even my name. They all say a future bride with a kingdom as a dowry; a route to kingship for every 2nd son prince. Ironic really, as spouses to the heir of the body gain no political power. But that goes with failing to learn. 

My Father, God bless him, calmly stood and informed the bobolyne that, "Talia is not accepting suitors at the time, and for your information, the Dragon was her 3rd birthday gift from her Aunt Maleficent. Now, If you will, please remove yourself from the court. You're invited to the festivities this Thursday-"

My father was ageing, I would be crowned as queen soon. Knew that I would be with my father in his final hours. However, that day should have come later, surrounded by attendants in the royal chambers. I now know decapitated heads bounce when they fall. 

I'm ashamed to say that I fainted. That I did not grab my own saber to strike back. Only afterwords, after the funeral and burial of my father, and my own crowing, did my advisers inform me of the scoundrels retribution. Two men dead and an amputated left arm, as the royal guards chased him out of the kingdom. 

The  first year after my father's death was the hardest. Prince Phillip, to explain the loss of limb and men, told all who would hear that the dragon had spewed fire, killing King Stefan. When next the dragon attacked, Prince Philip boasted that he rescued me from the flames, losing his arm in the process. "But I returned blow for blow with that great beast, who now suffers life as merely a large wingless lizard." The first winter saw  the loss of half my royal guard, as knight and prince alike came to seek fame by vanquishing the weakened beast. I deployed the army to stop the onslaught of heroes the following spring. The wall was built that summer. Exasperated, that autumn, the people were trained to take action as well. 

Five years have passed now, and while dealing with drought and strengthening the economy, I practice my swordsmanship with foolish princes . Poor Nelly, who hates the taste of smoke, takes to the sky with her three children to protect the kingdom from glory seeking knights. 

Its been five years since I've planned for a birthday, but this one will be special. My sweet Aunt M and I have a plan. My lady in waiting Aurora will pose as me. We'll spread the news that a witch has cast the fair princess into an eternal slumber, waiting for the kiss from her true love. Knowing that pompous sorner, he'd swoop in to rescue me. I won't kill him, not right away. I just plan on carting him around the continent to tell the truth and stop the madness, give or take a few missing appendages. 

I gleefully await my 21st birthday. 