The loud, crackling noise was over and I came to realize I'm staring at my feet. I was at the store, but now I'm standing in a dimly lit corridor made of white stone. Did I get knocked out in the store? Is this a dream being the result of that? I looked forward and saw a massive double door. I feebly walked up to them and pushed. To my surprise, they swung open with ease. I was greeted with a wave of golden light. A grand hall stood before me. The floor was a polished marble. There were hundreds of pedestals lining the walls. A golden carpet led all the way down to the door. I walked slowly, observing the items on each pedestal. One was a large sword. Another, hammer. These were mythical weapons. The hammer was Mjolnir, the weapon of Thor himself. My thoughts were broken as the doors on the opposite end of the halls opened up. A cloaked and very old man hobbled in. 

Man:"I see you've finally come, chosen one."

Me:"Chosen one?"

Man:"Yes, it is time to meet you destiny." 

Me:"Where am I?"

Man:"This is the sacred hall of armaments. Thousands just like you have shown up across the ages and through various times. Even those fabricated as legends by man himself have ended up here. These weapons are testament to their will."

Me: "What makes me worthy of their presence? Why am I a chosen one?"

Man: "Those like you are chosen by birth and become initiated. Initiation is the creation of a unique weapon to carry throughout your life. Once you die, your chosen caliber will remain here to stand the test of time."

Me: "So how do I find out what my weapon is?"

Man: "Every mythical weapon shares a bond with it's wielder. The weapon is simply an extension of the person wielding it. Ultimately, the weapon chooses the warrior. Now focus. What shall you claim?"

I focused and thought hard. 

Man:"How do you fight? What are your fears?"

Me:"Well, I fight with fury. I'm also afraid of thunder."

Man:"Well did someone say [Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker]?"

All of the sudden, blinding light filled the room. Wind swirled round and round. A mysterious djinn appeared, pulsing with swirling air. He silently pointed at a two pronged sword with a ball of lightning on the center. He spoke with a booming voice, "I am Thunderaan. To acquire my legendary weapon, I'm going to need the left and right bindings of the windseeker, essence of the Firelord, and 10x Elementium Bars."