We chase the light.

For hundreds of years we have followed the sun mother. She moves slowly, casting great lakes of fresh water out of the frozen, dark abyss in front. Weeds and plants sprout weakly in the new day, yearning upwards and bringing us nutrition and life. We are a blessed people, and as the holy sun mother watches over us so we shall ever be.

I am but another elder of the tribes, our nation stretching from the great ice caps of the demon kin, all the way to the melting sea. The world is a harsh and brutal place, and as the sun mother turns the land in front to bounty, so she burns all behind us in her vengeful wrath. 

The demon kin dwell in their ice palaces, freezing the brave and the foolish with gusts and flurries to bind skin to leather in awful matrimony. It is a place of freezing death, though the fish that live beneath the surface provide some sustenance. Nevertheless, as the sun mother moves, so do we.

In recent times her benevolence has increased. Great fields of wheat and crops have burst forth with the coming of the sun mothers rays, and the stormy winds she throws onto the ground in her path.

She feeds us pots and simple dwellings, makeshift tools and animal carcasses kept preserved in the ice. The meat is tough, but manageable, and it complements the limited supply from the beasts we farm.

Some heathens whisper of another nation. A nation who leaves these things in their stead, such that we might not be alone in the sun mothers embrace. Such talk is blasphemy, and the elder council was right to decide upon their exile. Let them walk the scorching earth behind us, let them chew on their words as they burn.

The sun mother is life, and the sun mother is love.

Repent! Lest you see the ire the sun mother feeds to the damned.

-----

We chase the dark.

*5*

For centuries we've grown, living on this slither of life; running from the cold abyss behind us towards the blazing deserts in front. It left us with little. What little storms there were threw some fresh water our way, but the ground was soft, and spent. Crops struggled to grow in the stony hard ground, but we clung to life. The horse herds roamed freely enough, sprinting through the storms behind us to the tundra that had briefly blossomed, but not yet frozen. 

Through wind and rain we followed, and found food outside the thin land of our previous existence. Through the storms and death we travelled, but finally found our stable food source.

*4*

Slowly we turned to crops, making the most of the land behind us for as long as we could. We domesticated the horses to speed us through the weather, making the journey through the weather wall merely dangerous, not quite almost suicide. It gave us a good chance at making it back. 

We started to plan. We planted crops in dry scorched earth and waited for the storms to move, waited for the rains to turn what was barren into life. Our horse farmers sped through, bringing back wagons of crops and wheat. 

The weather wall separates us from this place of naturally clement weather, where children are raised in relative safety and warmth, and the place that bears us food, that bears us life.

*3*

Slowly we turned to learning. Somehow, and I admit I'm hazy on the science, we figured out how to turn sand (something we've never been short of) into glass. Our eyes could see further, and as old age took our people so they could see for longer. Intellectualism blossomed as legs that could no longer ride horses held eyes that looked upwards, to the stars.

*2*

Nothing is ever free in this life, nothing is ever easy. As our people learned to live in this inhospitable terrain, we realised we were possibly not the only people in it. Geological evidence points to the land around the frozen ice caps as having once been a land bridge. What little data we are able to attain suggests that our early ancestors migrated down from a point near the poles. 

Furthermore, it seems likely that since we find ourselves scratching out our existence in the thin wedge between the frozen wastes and the deserts, so there might be another. For them the frozen wastes and storms would be in front, and the deserts behind.

We tried to reach them, but no explorers ever found these others, if they exist. What expeditions tried to go forward we later discovered burnt and dried out. Those that went backwards into the frost, were never heard from again.

We have decided to try another tact. Rather than go forwards or backwards, we have decided to go up. After all, if we have to survive somewhere inhospitable to find our way over, it had just as well be space.

For now the launches are just for communications craft; if we angle the craft correctly we should be able to bounce radio waves off them. This might let us talk to those that travel behind the weather wall. It might also let us see something else.

*1*

The countdown ends, and we my friends are about to see history. Let us see if this launch will finally be the one to succeed. Let us see what other secrets we might unveil, if we dare to chase the dark.

*Launch*