The ritual was perhaps more elaborate than it needed to be.

This only became clear with time and many repetitions. In the beginning, every measure was taken. The five of them gathered at the points of a pentacle carved by hand into the wooden floor. Fighter, sorcerer, wizard, and two clerics. They were clad all in scarlet robes woven from goat's wool. They knelt on their right knees and held out their left wrists over the trembling flames of five identical candles. Allowing themselves to be burned was part of the ritual, a paltry sacrifice as down payment for greater reward.

Then came the chants. Each of the five was given a verse in a different language, and they worked through them counterclockwise. It started with the first cleric in Latin, and ended with the last in true Enochian, the alleged speech of angels. Most of that verse was half-translated profanity.

Profanity was the theme of the ritual, the nectar of the sought demon. In the center of the five, there was a little ceramic bowl of holy water that had been pissed in. The wizard had objected to that, but had been overruled. As they spoke their horrid chants, the liquid would turn to steam with growing intensity, until the end of the fourth chant. The room stank of urine, and the bowl was dry.

With the fifth verse, the bowl burst into flame and the gate opened.

Gradually, the party of five began to cut corners. The heavy, sweaty robes were first to go, and then the ritual diagram was covered with a carpet. The candles were replaced with syringes of blood drawn in advance of the ritual, added instead to the holy water directly, though the room never did lose the smell. 

And then the sorcerer, clever bastard, realized there was a simpler ritual than any of this. Merely speak of the Devil, and he shall appear.

"Fuck you, Orobas," said the circle of five, solemnly.

Lightning struck the ceiling from the floor, and there was no clap of thunder. It was perfectly silent. The bolt was dark red; it shouldn't have been possible for something so bright to be *dark red,* but it was and it hurt to look at. 

The bolt of lightning *opened,* and out of it stepped the demon Orobas. One of the Great Princes of Hell, at the helm of twenty legions of demons. Chosen for his Wikipedia article, which named him as loyal to the conjurer and without a knack for deception. The picture had been all wrong. Orobas was little more than bone, the skeleton of a human grown entirely too-tall, but with the head of a stag, horns jagged like lightning, lidless eyes shrunken in the sockets, glowing red. The bones were held together by yellowed, shriveled cartilage and frayed stringy tendons. His entire body crackled as he moved. 

He was the best there was. Cradled in the palm of his right hand was a vast grimoire bound in his own skin, long since shed, and written there was every word of every gamebook ever written, and many not yet written. In his left hand was a fountain pen carved of human bone. The nib was forged of uranium, and somehow the radiation hadn't made them sick. Of the ink they did not speak.

"FUCK YOU TOO," said the demon. "WHICH ONE OF YOU DID I KILL LAST TIME?"

"Me," said the fighter. "I'm kinda thinking I should switch classes now."

"BE A NECROMANCER," said the Prince, gravely. "NECROMANCERS ARE OVERPOWERED BULLSHIT. IT WOULD SUIT YOU."

