I've traveled a fair bit. I've only been truly scared 3 times. They are evenly spread out over my life, so let us begin... age 21...

You know me, I always talk about Sydney this, Sydney that, but that is where I traveled when I was the age written above. I had just arrived in Sydney, and I was a stranger to the seaside. Sydney is prone to storms, I tell you.

I left Canberra in autumn. I was at the Jollimont Center, with a backpack containing a few cotton clothes. I was a note-taker from the very start. I have some handwritten pages still here somewhere...

I arrived at Central Station. I thought about cigarettes. Unfortunately, for a smoker, the Greyhound ride is difficult. I know you smokers will claim going four hours without a cigarette, isn't, but it's a blessing to be able to breath for four hours, without those unhealthy things.

I looked out at the cooling dusk. The sky above Central Station was holding on to it's blue hue. I departed with a spring in my step. Youth was gone, yet I still pretended I had one. I never had a girlfriend in my youth, so I consider it a missed opportunity, and, really, no youth at all. You are supposed to have women in your youth. Later, I lost my virginity to a girl who stole 4 years from the remainder of my youth, by drinking herself to death in my presence.

I think a lot about her, even now. She had a way of strangling up my brain, and inciting my anger. I'd give, and she'd just want more. She would assume that everything I owned was hers. She'd assume I would give her a third of my earnings. It was too close. Her smokey breathing, would keep me awake at night as I lay next to her. Girls I have now, relax my with their full-of-life breathing.

She had her good points. She'd act endearing, genuine endearment. She would never complain, even though her lifestyle wasn't predelicted to comfort.

I was on the open road now. Leaving her. (a greyhound, and a stretch of road between me and her pretty face.)

I decided I'd get a place at a homelessness shelter. I had $15 to my name, and you're charged at the homelessness shelters at Sydney. The street is OK to sleep on, but who wants that?

My budget obviously had a taste for stealing the nearest bedroll off a homeless man.

Then I saw the sea in storm, in my travels of Sydney. I was in no mood, and the sea storm made my barely-aware, virgin, whimsical self be predelicted to hot tempers, as the landscape may predelict, angry as it was. The storm clouds swirled blue, above a deep, ponderous sea, black except for brilliant white crests.

I gulped.

The wind blew as I walked down the beach. I got close to the the smashing waves. Too close. A wave bubbled around my knees.

That was the first time.

The second was at the same region, Northern Beaches, the beach, I remember even now, Dee Why. I was mentally ill. I was in a constant state of Mental Illness those days, but it could just as easily be called naivety. I'm not talking myself up, saying I'm not naive now - I'm saying I was separate entity then.

Guys going to jobs, driving SUVs, wearing aftershave, and resources - not there. Just me, my virgin self, trying to satisfy my bottomless ego, when I was a oily, weasel, schizoid, manged and other illnesses, scrawny bird.

I then saw the night without a moon, eating stolen chocolate, at a point in my life, where I didn't even own a blanket.

Then, there is now. Anger is a funny thing. I may be about to cross the threshold over to the most peaceful place a human can concieve, but these people I had to live with, well, they got at me. I've never hurt anyone, but they've been the scurge of my life, the way they treated me.

Anyway, that's all the time I've got. I will tell you the rest tomorrow. I must fight the anger now.

It's funny, the young ones, who don't think of others, plague me to this day.

THE END.