Edit: Thank you all for the kind words.  There's now a part 2 in the comments from the perspective of humanity.

The planet designated as YS-974 3rd was chosen to give the council a foothold in this section of the galaxy.  No single world government, no intergalactic capacity, with high pollution in the calculated known habitable portions.  The short lifespans of barely 10 Intergalactic Cycles for their oldest specimens would make the inhabitants good fodder for experiments and dangerous work.

The initial invasion was standard procedure of identify the third largest continent then attack a centralized settlement.  The spotty intelligence was based on long distance preliminary scans of the geography and climate.  Using more valuable resources was unnecessary for such an underdeveloped world.  This spotty intelligence returned information on the largest and most powerful countries indicating that the continent referred to as "North America" would be the best for initial invasion since it was dominated by only 3 primary countries.  The target was decided, a frontier settlement called "Bismark" in a terribly inhospitable part of the continent.  Based on telemetry, it was going to be tolerable at 292 degrees, so forces would have to move quickly to secure a foothold closer to the planet's equator before winter set in.

10,000 allied forces from 150 ships landed just outside the settlement and quickly attacked.  The first volley killed hundreds of what are now called "earthlings".  They were shocked and disabled with fear as we reloaded our weapons for the second volley.  This settlement would fall by the end of this planet's day and serve as a central staging point for dominating the third largest continent on this mostly inhospitable planet.

That's when things stopped going to plan.  As the smoke from the first volley subsided, the generals realized this was not a temporary summer settlement, but an established and thriving city.  Individual earthlings began firing small arms that were un-explainable on Alliance lines.  Uniformed and armed forces began to respond in minutes with larger more deadly weapons and allied losses began to mount.  Within hours, even greater forces from the air unleashed ever more terrifying weaponry, and a full retreat was sounded.  A full retreat had never once been sounded for Alliance warriors, and the confusion over what to do lead to even greater losses.  Of the initial force, only 2,500 survived and escaped on 80 of the initial ships.  The worst losses the alliance had ever experienced prior was 8% for an entire war.  

Allied command decided swift action was necessary.  A force of 1 million was being prepared, in the unprecedented time span of a single intergalactic cycle.  The "earthlings" were considered a grave threat and were to be eradicated.  However, allied command did not expect the earthlings to strike back before the force was completely assembled.  What was considered to be an unprecedented build up of military might was over-shadowed because the earthlings had unified their governments, mastered the Faster Than Light drives on the abandoned ships, armed them with more unheard of weapons, and began attacking the outer colonies.  One colony after another fell to the earthlings, and the galaxy learned a new phrase -

Warpath.

Ten Cycles Later

The alliance has learned that YS-974 3rd, now called "Earth", did not follow the standard model of unified government, civilization, FTL, weaponry.  The earthlings had started with weaponry, then established civilization, and had never established a unified government until the alliance failed spectacularly at invasion.  Then they gained FTL from the failed invasion.  In ten cycles the earthlings had attacked and destroyed 15% of allied military installations, taking territory that the alliance spent 100 cycles conquering.  Then the earthlings just stopped advancing.  Alliance spies that had spent the last 10 cycles training, half the time of their normal training due to the urgency of the situation, were sent to the conquered worlds to gather information, and the information that returned was confusing at best.

The earthlings were only attacking military bases and as such civilian casualties were at a minimum.  This un-fathomed tactic allowed them to move from installation to installation with such speed defense protocols could not be carried out.  They built fleets of impossibly large, interstellar ships that were equipped with massive weapons of their own, something that left the earthlings with a terrifying advantage in space as more than one assault group had been annihilated before even reaching the planet they were to attack.  They had terrifying shock troops, called Marine Mobile Infantry, that would lead many initial attacks causing destruction and devastation in their path, and after that a larger army would occupy the area and do something none of the allied warriors would ever think of.  They would build places called hospitals to treat the wounds of everyone, alliance and earthling, and these places could return soldiers to combat from mortal wounds after no more than a few days of healing.  Alliance Warriors that had been treated and sent home with others said this was called "humanitarian efforts".  The spies also learned of other agencies, like the KGB and CIA, that would gather information for the earthlings through a variety of unspeakable means.  It is now suspected that they have infiltrated the entire allied government, but none can prove those theories as the earthlings have been impossible to detect and seem capable of breaking into every advanced system that has been developed.

Adding insult to injury, Alliance cut warrior training back to a single intergalactic cycle, and these warriors stood no chance against forces that intelligence revealed were in the military for less than half a cycle.  That same intelligence showed that a long career, entitling and earthling to full "retirement", was only 2 cycles, 4 at most for their longest serving military officers.  The earthlings could, and already did, field an entire new military in the same amount of time it took the Alliance to finish what was now called basic training.  This is clearly a species bred for war and destruction the likes of which the galaxy could not survive against.  Even in these ten cycles, where the alliance has reverse engineered some captured weapons, the earthlings have advanced their weapons further, making their own equipment obsolete.  There are still rumors that they have not even used their most devastating weapons.  Surrender was being considered, but that would take at least 5 cycles to be ratified by the whole alliance.

One Cycle Later

The alliance soon discovered that the earthlings could survive anywhere on their planet, from the hottest desserts at 327 degrees to the coldest pole at 183 degrees.  They built and thrived everywhere.  Many of their colony installations were built in such extreme environments that it prevented retaliation attacks since Alliance troops could not endure the extreme heat and cold.  It was clear they knew how to press every advantage they held, and they would field experimental equipment with no regard to their own safety.  A truly reckless and dangerous species willing to destroy itself for victory.

The entire Alliance had begun to crumble as the member planets' economies were unable to support the continued war effort.  The earthlings once again went on the warpath and had destroyed another 20% of the Alliance military.  Desertion, a new word and unheard of before in the Alliance, continued to empty the ranks.  Recruits began to flee from conscription and installations would surrender without instruction as the earthlings began to announce their next targets.  Installations fell without firing any weapons.  Fear and terror were the earthling's primary weapon now.

The next insult was that the earthlings began to educate all of the planets they seized.  Former alliance civilians would volunteer for the earthling military.  Alliance spies said this was due to earthling propaganda about freedom from tyranny and having a say in their own destiny.  More and more species are believing the earthlings to be liberators.

Soon the Alliance won't have a choice or a debate in surrendering.  The Alliance will simply collapse in the dawn of the earthlings dominating this galaxy.

Edits: Fixed wording and punctuation throughout.