

“You’re kidding,” Brad said, awed, “Vipsania, like *the* Vispania.”

Chad grinned. “The one and only, Emperor Augustus’s wife.”

Bard shook his head in disbelief, “N...no way man, there’s no way you pulled that off, the guards, the emperor himself…”

Chad looked hurt. “Brad...you’re doubting me? You would think *I* would lie to you,” he said, aghast. 

“Shut up, Brad,” Chad said, and Brad grinned. “What would Jesus think, man, Chad continued,  “He told us not to lie!”

“I’m not lying, man, look, I’ll prove it you,” Brad said and pulled a piece of cloth out of his pocket and handed it to Chad. “That’s real gold lining the edges, bro, and the shape of the emperor’s seal.”

“You...you took the queen’s…” For the first time in his life Chad was at a loss for words.  

They looked at each other for a moment, and simultaneously broke out in raucous laughter. 

It was like that, crying and laughing on the floor that Jesus found the two. He walked into their room and stopped.”God help me,” he muttered. “Guys...guys, what did you do.”

The laughing increased in intensity.

Jesus massaged his temples. “I swear if the emperor’s wine turned into piss again…”

Finally they controlled themselves. “Jesus, that piss thing was hysterical and you know it,” Chad said.

Jesus pressed his lips together trying not to laugh, remembering the look on the Emperor;s face when he had taken the sip of the “vintage” wine. Brad and Chad smirked knowingly at him, but he shook his head in what Jesus hoped was a stern gesture. “Seriously, I need to know, guys. I can reduce the fallout if I find out *early.*”

“Trust me, Jesus,” Chad said, “there’s no way this one gets out.” Jesus looked skeptical, but Brad continued, “anyways why did you come here anyways? You need something?”

“Yeah, we need to make a statement condemning the emperor,” Jesus said, “would be good to have all the apostles.”

“What did he do now?” Brad asked. 

“Just an hour ago he announced he’s divorcing the queen, even though he had *three* children!”

The laughter that came then put the earlier one to shame.  

***

If you enjoyed check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting)
