"Good morning, Gambler." A disjointed voice wakes me from an otherwise pleasant dream.  I'm not in my bedroom and the dream *had* ended with me rolling off of a roof over the top of a police car and--I pause and hang my head.  *Right into a military shock net.*  It wasn't a dream at all.

"Where am I?" I ask, looking around groggily, trying to shake off the after effects of incapacitation by electric shock.  Everything around me was bolted down as if I were--*on a space ship*.  The wall in front of me lit up and I was sitting face to face with the goddamn President of the Global Alliance.  

"I hope this message reaches you in good health, Jonathan."  *He knows my effing name.  "*Life on Earth has continued unhindered for hundreds of years, despite our inter-galactic forays.  We've met many species along the way, some of which I'm sure you've met over your lifetime."  *Effing Kapolian down the street stole my slipbike when I was ten.*  "Over the last two centuries of space flight we've met hundreds of species and in time we've come to categorize them.  This information is classified of course."  *Why the hell would you tell me then?*  "There are explorers like us, conquerors like we used to think we were, and there are destroyers."

"Why are you telling me this?"  I asked out loud even though I was clearly listening to a recording and I immediately felt a little dumber for it.

"We made friends with the explorers easily enough and with a bit more tact and resilience, we've also made peace with the conquerors.  It's the third classification that is the reason for your detainment and deployment.  *Deployment?  What does he mean 'deployment?'*    "There are twelve species we've encountered that are so hostile towards every other sentient creature or so convinced of their own superiority, that their home systems are off limits to all human travel."  *That's a bit ominous.  He better not be saying what I think he's saying.*  "To each of these systems we have deployed a single man or woman under a classified program affectionately called The Gamblers Initiative."  

He finally pauses and behind his projected image the metal wall opens, sliding horizontally and showing me that I was indeed in space, but there was nothing in sight that I recognized.  Even the stars seemed foreign.

"There are people the Global Alliance has been tasked with keeping track of.  Some species call the phenomenon *Dea'dreazen.*  It loosely translates to the Death of Predictability.  We human's just call it luck.  People like you ride it like it's your own personal stallion headed straight for success.  The Gamblers initiative has sent men and women just like you to the home systems of each of the twelve species I've already described.  Why am I telling you this?  Because our asset in sector eleven very recently was killed while deliberately detonating a spacial mine field in an attempt to, as he put it, 'Ride that bitch like a big ol' firey wave.'  He didn't come out to sector eleven by choice, same as you, but know that your participation in this program will help ensure the safety of not just your friends and family, but our species."

I tried to wrap my head around the concepts he was throwing at me.  How could they force me to do something and then tell me that if I fail or choose not to that the entire human race could get wiped out?  I found myself both confused and angry at the same time, but I continued to listen.

"The ship you are on, is yours.  The computer on board will answer all the questions you have.  The weapons to your right," as he spoke a rectangular portion of the wall to my right opened to show me daggers, swords, pulse rifles, plasma grenades and a host of things I didn't have names for.  "You don't gamble because you want to win.  If you did, you would have chosen cards or slipbike racing.  You always bet on yourself and then push your limits.  You do it for the thrill and for the adventure.  Your assignment is to go into this sector, weigh your odds in every situation you encounter and take whatever is most likely to fail and succeed anyways.  The destroyers in this sector are known as The Pale.  Our Gamblers initiative takes lightning riders like you and put them in a position to awe.  They expand the legend of humanity so that the concept of coming into a system where there are billions of us is unthinkable.  The worm hole we sent you through is a one way trip.  There is no coming home."  My eyes widened at the words, but the more he spoke, the more I found myself excited.  "Gambler eleven died doing what he loved and protecting his race.  We need a new gambler out there to take his place and you're up."  *Oh hell yeah.*