"Selena."

The wooden chair was hard and uncomfortable. How long have I been sitting here? Darkness was fought off by a candle on the table before me. A massive tome sit on it with its pages exposed. Perhaps I was reading this? I looked around to see shelves filled like an ancient library. It wasn't warm in here at all.

Standing up I found my legs resistant. The body ached and joints cracked. I rubbed my back and tried to stretch. Looking around there appeared to be a few ways to walk. I can't remember which one I came from, though maybe I was always in this spot.

With a yawn I rubbed my face and brushed dry lips. I was thirsty and tired. So I started to slowly explore the library. Taking the candle from the desk I began to walk down an aisle. This place was huge. Was I in a basement? The answer seemed to be yes as I approached stairs. It was a little hard climbing to the floor above where I was. 

After some time I found a door with light peaking through the cracks of it. I looked at it for a moment and tried pressing my hand against it with no luck. What could be on the other side? Food? Water? I examined the door some more and a handle on it. I tried gripping my free hand around it and after some attempts I discovered that twisting and pushing made the door yield to me. This triumph put a big grin on my face.

As I walked in I found a window on the other side of the hallway. Stone blocks made the walls and floor. People in robes walked by, I looked at my own clothes, my robes weren't that different. When I looked back up a face lit up at me.

"Derek!?" She exclaimed as she ran over and hugged me. "Oh I've been so worried about you! Where have you been?" She looked past me at the open door.

"Selena?" I said as I tried to return the gesture without any confidence.

The woman smiled at me as she stepped back. "I'm on my way to see her now, you should come with me. Someone told me that she made a miraculous recovery!"

I stood there a moment trying to piece it all together. "Recovery?"

She laughed. "C'mon Derek it hasn't been that long!" And with that she playfully put out the candle and placed it on the wall behind me before taking my arm and leading me down the hallway.

Some people smiled and waved and I smiled and waved back. No idea who any of these people were or where I was. Some conversations that were being had by others spoke of being scholars and having students. It was tough to understand. Eventually we left this building to walk a ways and enter wooden home.

A large woman was inside and smiled brightly. "Oh, Marceline! I see you've found Derek!" I greeted her with a "Hi." which I learned on the way over. Marceline must be the girl I was walking with.

"Yes Mom!" She laughed and patted me on the chest. "He is the most diligent student ever!"

"He's a keeper, Honey. Your sister is upstairs. I've told her to rest a little longer and not to push herself but she's already moving around."

I followed Marceline upstairs and in to her sister's room.

"Selena, you look great and you're already dressed!"

"Hey Marcy!" said Selena incredibly upbeat. She had something different than a robe on, it was appealing. The bright woman looked at me a little longer. "Derek."

"Selena." I said back.

She gave me a knowing smile, like we had a secret. A couple tears escaped my eyes. I wish I knew what was going on.