He turns to look at his mother. "Did you just hear that?" The bee on his shoulder moved to rest behind his head.

"What dear?" She missed the bee. "Did I just hear what?"

"Your Majesty, do not reveal me to her. She intends to kill me. You must remain calm." There was a buzzing urgency in the voice of the drone. 

"The uh... nevermind." He shrugged his shoulders. "I guess I was just hearing things." He moved to the refrigerator and started to assemble a sandwich. "It's been a long day. I can hardly concentrate." It was true. He had been up for 16 hours so far. It was late and he needed some rest.

The bee resting behind his ear terrified him. He wanted to scream and swat at it, but he was afraid of getting stung. He was also intrigued by the fact that apparently bees could talk. He glanced at his mother. Her face was contorted in a look of disgust.

"Do I smell bees?" She frowned and started gagging. "I do. I *do* smell bees." She started picking at her face, as if there were a scab. Her skin grew red as she did this and the look of disgust intensified. She had horrible red splotches all over her neck and face from scratching and she started to make sounds as if she were extremely uncomfortable. "Oh my gosh. Do you see a bee?" Saliva was streaming down her lips and she breathing grew ragged. 

"Mom. Are you okay?" He grew even more alarmed. It was as if *she* were having the allergic reaction.

"I need you... to go to your room. I can't have you wandering around if there are bees in the kitchen." She seemed very distracted. It was quite uncharacteristic of her. "Please. Go now. Leave."

He stared at her for a long second before he grabbed his dinner plate and left. He made sure to point his ear away so that she would not see the bee. As he walked up stairs he heard a rustling and a crash that made him pause. He turned around to see his mother on the floor writhing as if in pain.

Her eyes darkened and her skin turned ashy. He didn't understand what was going on. The flesh on her face sloughed off to reveal an insectoid visage with horrible chattering mandibles. He screamed.

She turned to him and lunged. Too late. He was near his bedroom door and locked himself in. She was throwing herself at the door with an unstoppable rage he had never seen before.

"Wha- what happened?" He asked the bee this. The scraping sounds at the door persisted. There was a tearing sound that made him guess that she was using that terrible jaw to rip down the door.

"Your majesty, you have been kidnapped. You do not belong in this world. You are a proud prince of the Queen Bee herself. You were kidnapped as a child by wasps that wished to take control of our empire. We must hurry and leave." The bee moved around as it spoke, as if anxious.

"But how? I'm on the second floor!" He felt terrified. The door still held, but it was shaking more than ever. A buzzing sound grew louder.

"Your majesty, you must shed your skin and fly." The bee said this as if the answer was obvious.