I knock on my door, John Smith, my roommate has locked me out again

“WHAT CREATURE DISPLAYS NOISE?! STATE YOUR CALLSIGN!” I hear bellowing from the near bedroom in which John is occupying, aswell as the sound of metal inconstantly crashing together, and the sound of monkey wrenches and hammers. 

“It’s Carl” I shout though the keyhole as the deafening noise stops. I hear the sound of suction-cup-like footsteps edge closer, and John opens the door all wet and slimy, he looked a mess. “Hello John,  how was your walking with your leg?” he says, hiding what appears to be another one of his toy pistols behind his back.

“I just went to the shops for cereal and bread, but I could hear you from the elevator” i say while looking for signs of cuts or dust/oil on his skin, suspiciously it’s squeaky clean, as if he just showered, but I know for a fact he was working on something

“That sounds delightful Carl. Let me ask a question, what kind of political system is your leader running? I was watching your media honoring your military what they like to call “news at 12” and your leader is terminating his rule over your country” he says all very fast and nervously, trying to play off as being nonchalant.

“Em, didn’t you say yo I went into politics in college?” He stops and stand upright nervously
“Yes, I did, but I was curious as I may have misplaced my memory of that era, could you remind me?” 

I tell him about the government and about America and it’s history and he records it all for his notes, I don’t get involved in his business but if he wanted to study after his work goes he could’ve at least asked me for pointers before the end of term finals!

“Thank you Carl, you are a human of advanced intelligence. I must get back to my room to listen to the genre “heavy metal”  now”

He walks away slowly and slams the door. I catch a glimpse of a satellite-dish-like figurine in there corner but he seems to be into sci-fi, but I tend to stay out of his business because it makes stuff awkward, especially when he knows he’s paying me for it, the least I could do is give him privacy 

But I’m not sure if he entirely knows what “heavy metal” music is, because all I hear is literal metal crashing around and weird sounding “whirrs “ and beeps coming from his room, followed by weird conversations in foreign languages I’ve never heard of. But he did say he runs a sci video blog on an unknown website in different languages, but I guess he does him and I do me