There is a running joke about "how British is your morning?" Usually, the idea encompasses tea with butter on toast, perhaps some morning Stephen Fry in the background. Well, I doubt anyone is going to be able to top "spreading butter on your toast with fucking Excalibur," for a good fucking while.

The morning was like any other British morning.

Alarm.

Snooze.

Alarm.

Brush teeth.

Take a shit.

Shower while singing horrendously.

Proceed to go downstairs and turn on your kettle.

Brandish that lovely new butter knife you bought at the antique store.

I spread the butter across my toast, my legs spread under the table and I was sitting comfortably in my jammies. All was good in the world. (Except for that bloody shit excuse of a thing we like to call weather.)

I loved that sound. Don't you? The crackle of knife on toast, almost like the sound of a crackling fireplace. Like music to my ears. I watched out of the thin white curtain of my kitchen and out to the world and sighed.

Yep, just another English day.

Well. That was until my fucking windows shattered and a team of fucking swat burst into my home.

Maybe I could have said that the scream that I let loose was actually the whistling of the kettle boiling, but I don't think anyone would have bought it.

"What the actual Christ, man. Get the fuck out of my house!" I said jumping up from my seat and running with my back to the kitchen counter.

"Stay away, I have a knife!" I brandished my blade, a butter knife. "Yeah, how do you like me now?" I smiled, cackling, until I realised the ludicrous idea of trying to protect myself from trained special forces in their black ops outfit and assault rifles with a butter knife.

"Yeah - yeah. You wouldn't want to get close to me... I will.. fish you like a gut." I stammered, not even noticing that I ruined the line. I wondered how threatening a man in his jammies wielding a butter knife is in any place?

"Just get the asshole." Said one of the guys as three began to close in on me.

I covered my eyes and lifted the knife up into the air defensively. I don't know how, nor did I question why. But suddenly, a bright light burst from the knife and turned my home suburb home into a lighthouse.

"My bloody eyes!" Complained one. Once I looked back at the troops, all of them rubbing their eyes in an attempt to force some vision back into them.

I saw my chance. With cowardly fear goading me on, I ran past them, finding the balls to grab one of their walkie-talkies from their belts and sprinting with it.

I continued to sprint down the streets, one of my flip-flops already come loose as I ran in my jammies. Unsure of when their vision would return.

Feeling like I covered enough distance -a choice mostly made by the fact that I was an unfit piece of shit and my lungs felt like there were going to collapse - I hid behind a fence and took a peak around the corner to make sure I wasn't being followed.

I listened into the walkie-talkie, seeing if I could catch any information about my invaders.

"Yes. Looks like its true. *It* reappeared." Spoke a static voice from the comms, a man.

"And the target?" The voice on the other line was rather old, a woman's, something familiar to it.

"Escaped."

"You are telling me that a half-brained buffoon is running around with a butter-knife that is presumably Excalibur?"

"Ye - yes."

"He could ruin my entire reign with that piece of cutlery! Catch him!"

"Of course. God save the Queen."

"Yeah, yeah. Now get that utensil that could have him on my throne!" The comms went quiet, and I realised what I had in my hand.

A butter knife which was apparently made from Excalibur, and the old voice on the other end of the comms was Queen Elizabeth II. The only words that came from me were, "Jesus Christ... I'm going to be king!"

***

This was on the rather more fun side compared to my usual stuff but I had a blast writing it!.

Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, there is more to be had at /r/KikiWrites 