Everyone always says, “they are still with you.” 
The thing is, they are. And it’s fucking bullshit. 

You ever have a ghost reach out to you? It’s not like in the movies where they are perfectly themselves and can articulate clearly through a Ouija board. They aren’t lurking in the shadows plotting how to terrify the new occupants of their former home. It’s more like they are just stuck. Stuck here with no real way to communicate with the living anymore. 

There are a few of us that can see them and they know it. They seek us out. They flock to us. But even with us “gifted” individuals, the channels of communication are clouded. It comes out as this mangled attempt at communication, like a ball of mashed up, slanged-toddler speak. A series of half-words and grunts. Love becomes, “uhhvv.” Sadness becomes, “aaaness.” 

When I was little, it was fun to have some of these people come to play. The language barrier wasn’t an issue then either. Play doesn’t require much verbal communication. There was one man in particular I remember most of all, A. At least that is what I called him. He was an older man, brown thinning hair on the top, with grays throughout the sides. Clean shaven. Tall. To a toddler, he was like 18 feet high. But realistically, he was probably more like 6’4”. Broad shoulders, soft tummy. Always wore the same brown trousers that were hemmed short enough to show his navy blue socks. His white collared shirt had tiny brown and blue vertical stripes, and the short sleeves showed his grizzle bear style hairy arms, that always made me laugh. 

I had the most fun with A. He could always makes me laugh. It almost never bothered me when the other people, like A, would arrive and sit around the room staring at me. Sometimes A would try to get them to leave. But most of the time we ignored them. A taught me quite a lot of tricks on how to tune the others out when they are being too intense. Goggles. Put on your goggles, was one trick. Put your cuffed hands on the sides of your eyes, like you are making goggles or binoculars. Let yourself focus on only what is in front of you. It came in handy the older I got. A was good to have around. 

Anytime my parents or other siblings would come around, A would change. Mainly with my dad, he would always reach for my dad. Never in a threatening way. In a loving way. In a fatherly way. It wasn’t until I was older, maybe 8 or 9 that I realized who A was. A wasn’t A, A was Ray. Granddad Ray. My father’s father. He died a couple months before I was born. I was always told stories of him, even how he wore socks to match his shirts, but never made the connection. 

The older I got, the harder it became to communicate with my Granddad. And the clearer it became what was actually happening and how fucked up the whole situation really was. He clearly was still himself. He clearly could remember his family. He could feel the love. He could feel the pain. So much pain. But he could not articulate any of it. And worst of all, he could not go anywhere. Him and everyone else that has died is just stuck. Wandering around hoping that one day they can break this cycle. Granddad started came around less and less often. And eventually, not at all. I think, it hurt just too damn much. 

I have only ever met one other person with this “gift”. I spotted him when I was 17, in a local coffee shop that no one likes because, frankly, the coffee tastes like hot garbage. I tend to frequent places like that because the ghosts tends to be so loud at times, it’s hard to deal with actual humans. I was sitting at this table, sipping on my cup of steaming hot garbage, when I hear someone say, “Not right now, please,” in an extremely cool, calm, and collected voice. I looked up, this guy about my age , was sitting at a table alone, sipping his own cup of hot garbage. He had this intriguing look about him. This look of loneliness, yet surrounded by something at the same time. I knew this look. I knew it well. It was my look. The more I looked at him, the more my goggles began fade and the people surrounding him came more and more into focus. There were so many. So many just hovering. Lingering. Waiting. 

Do I approach him? What do I do? Does he see my pack of ghosts? What would I say? “Hey, come here often..*wink*wink*.. because you see ghosts, too?” Or “What’s up, want to talk about how messed up our lives our because we know death is a miserable, hellish cage of emotions?!” Or do I just let this person walk out of my life never knowing if I could have actually connected with a real live human being or not? 

I did it. I went to him. His goggles were strong though. It took him a moment to realize I was standing there.  He looked up. He was silent. I was silent. I wanted to run. I wanted to scream.  How I wished Granddad would show up and push me forward. Somehow I managed, “Hey.” It came out all cracked and damaged, but at least it still was a word. He smiled. It was warm and comforting. I knew right then, over a hot cup of garbage, encircled by ghosts, I found my person. Joshua. Joshua was my person. 

We were together from that day forward. Life together was relatively normal. As normal as life can be for two people that see death everywhere.  We shared techniques for how we drowned out the sounds and intensities. Our versions of goggles. Our fears of death. But mainly we avoided the topic. Tried to keep our goggles on, even with each other. Maybe we should have talked about it more. Maybe we should have talked about the what ifs. Maybe we should have come up with a plan. Maybe we should have done a lot of things. Maybe it would have made things easier. Made his death easier.

It was a Sunday. I awoke to this weird noise. I thought maybe my goggles were down and the ghosts were breaking through. But I quickly realized it was Josh. Josh was struggling. He was struggling for air. I jumped out of bed, flipped on the lights zeroed in on Joshua. His beautiful blue eyes were wide, his mouth was hanging open, and from his chest to his brow, he was a shade of purple I had never seen before. The sound he was making was nothing like I had ever heard before either. Death rattle is all I can say. I screamed his name. I shook him. I slapped him. I tried to breath for him. I held him. His stiff body suddenly went limp in my arms. I buried my face into him. I didn’t want to let go. I didn’t want to look up. I knew what I would see when I did. 

Everyone always says, “they are still with you.” 