"Today we are joined via facecam by Captain Sara Lee of the IMM who has an interesting discovery to share with us here on the show." 

God I hate having to do these interviews. Half the time I have to dumb down what I'm saying so the people at home watching while they drink their crappy cups of coffee can understand me. The other half the time I feel like the interviewers are just trying to rush through it so they can get to a video of a puppy sneezing on a baby or something asinine like that. But it's in our contracts to do interviews to help "get the public interested in space" or some shit like that. I know how I got interested in space and it wasn't from watching a morning talk show. 

"Great to be here Tom." I tell him. 

"Now you've been on Mars for about five years now is that correct? Everything's going smoothly up there I hope."

"Yes it's been about five earth years or under three Martian years since we arrived." I know he probably wants me to explain how a Martian year is longer than an Earth year for like the fifth time but I don't want to explain it so I continue. "And it's been going well. But we have made a discovery recently."

"What sort of discovery? Aliens?" He chuckles. I ignore him.

"During a land survey we discovered relics of some sort." I hear him stop chuckling. 

"Relics?" He asks. "What kind of relics?" 

I bring the towel holding the items closer to me and begin by holding two knives up to screen.

"These daggers, and the rest of the relics, were found during an excavation." I tell him. He's really quiet now. "They appear to be bronze and their hilts are intricately carved."

"What else did you find?" He asks me, his shit eating grin is completely wiped of his face now.

"We also discovered this." I hold a piece of cloth up to camera. It is completely blood red sans four big golden letters on it spelling out SPQR.

"SPQR?" Tom asks. "What does that mean?"

"In Roman society SPQR stood for Senātus Populusque Rōmānus" I tell him. "Translated to 'The Roman Senate and People'"

"How did this get there?" He asks me quietly.

 "Most likely a colonist smuggled this with them while coming to the planet, and once they heard how strict we are with weapons hid it hoping no one would find-" 

The transmission cuts out before I could finish.

"This fucking thing never work-" Again, I'm cut short, this time by a lound *BOOM* and I get up from my chair. Officer Hernandez rushes in. 

"Captain we're under attack we need to go NOW." He tells me. 

"What?" I ask. "How by who?" 

"I don't know but we need to get moving right now-" That's the last thing I hear him say before I hear another *BANG* and I lose consciousness. 