"All right, now, I need you to keep your head still for this. can you follow my pen with your eyes?"

The surgeon waved his pen between his fingers, slowly moving it left and right, up and down, and forward and back. The fog of anaesthetic was still lifting, but apparently I'd been able to follow his pen well enough that he gave me a big thumbs up before making a few scribbles on my chart.

"Great! The procedure went without any issues. It's gonna take a few hours for the neural links to completely patch themselves into the chip, So we're gonna keep you here for a little while for observation, but we should have you out of here before dinner. Do you have any questions for me before I get to my next patient?"

I glanced to my left, where they told me the display would appear n my field of view, and saw a small transparent square, flashing on and off once or twice a second.

"Is it supposed to be flashing like that?" I asked him with a croak.

"Yeah, that's totally normal," he said, making a few more notes on my chart, "until it gets fully initialized to your particular brain chemistry, it'll flash like that. As soon as all of the connections are in there, probably no more than a few hours, you'll see that first zero pop up and you'll be good to go! We always recommend waiting a couple days, maybe re-do a nice day once you've recovered fully, just to make sure it's in good working order for when you really need it." He gave me a very practiced, doctoral smile, reached out to shake my hand and stood up.
"I've got a couple more procedures today, so I do have to get going, but just hit that little call button if you need anything, and one of the nurses should be able to help you."

He walked out of the room, and I laid in bed for a while watching the crappy network channels on the TV above my bed while the haze of the anaesthesia slowly wore off. 

Every few minutes I would notice the flashing in the corner of my eye before realizing it was just the display initializing. I couldn't wait for it to finally wire in so it could stop pestering me. Occasionally a nurse would come by, take my vitals, and make a little small talk before hurrying to their next job.

After sunset, a nurse knocked lightly on the door and stood in the doorway with a plastic bag full of all the stuff I had checked in before going to surgery. She said in a bright, cheerful voice, "Ready to get outta here? Doc says you're good to go if you feel up for it!"

"Ready for this thing to stop flashing at me, too," I said, grunting my way out of bed.

"Yeah," she said with a chuckle, "Mine did that for like eight hours when I got mine put in, it should be working by the time you wake up tomorrow. If you're still having trouble with it then, just give us a call and we'll be able to squeeze you into the schedule to try and debug it."

She handed me my stuff, closed the curtain around my bed for privacy and said, "Once you're all set, you can just head out, no need to sign out or anything."

I said "Thanks" as I heard her wander out the door and down the hall, and started getting dressed.

I went out to my car, stopped for some fast food on the way home, and crashed on the couch in front of Netflix for a few hours. I started dozing off a few hours later, and then, in the corner of my eye, I saw it.

INITIALIZATION COMPLETE

7212

I sat up with a jerk. He said it would say zero. Maybe it was a glitch? Still, just to be sure...i

I picked up my phone and dialed the doctor's office. After a few rings, I got their "After regular office hours" message, and hung up. I dialed again. "After Regular office hours" message again. I left a babbling message, telling them about the huge number in my display, and left my number before hanging up. I did some frantic Googling to see if anyone had seen anything similar with their chips.

A few forum threads had answers from random people saying theirs had first shown some crazy numbers, some of them negative, some of them were strings of random letters and numbers, and all of them were chalked up to initializing errors, fixed with a quick office visit or working themselves out on their own. I breathed a sigh of relief and decided it was time to stop worrying about it, head to bed, and hopefully the problem would be gone by morning.

I tossed and turned in bed for an hour or two, and eventually just laid there, staring at the clock. 11:59 seemed to hang there forever, but eventually I saw the prompt, right in the middle of my field of view.

WOULD YOU LIKE TO TRY TODAY AGAIN
YES       NO

the "Yes" box was filled in, "No" was just an outline. I looked over at the "No" box and blinked, like they'd told me to do if I wanted to select it, and...

"Yes" was still filled in. "No" was still blank.

I sat up, starting to sweat. I looked at "No" again and blinked. I blinked again and again, and noticed a timer pop up next to the prompt. 

10

9

"No" Blink

8

"No" Blink, Blink, Blink

7

I blinked as hard as I could,

6

5

I started to breathe heavier and heavier, and

4

3

I started screaming, tore myself out of bed,

2

Ran over to my phone, still screaming, trying to dial the number, and

1

I was screaming. Just...screaming.

0