‘Death is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss.’

It was half past one in the morning. Tom, a fourteen-year-old boy, sat in his hospital bed. He had just died. 

The voice - quiet and emotionless, distinctly inuman - emanated from a figure stood in the corner of the room. It was dark, the light flickered periodically, so Tom could barely make out the robed figure standing in its shadowy recess: tall, hunched over, leaning heavily on its scythe, the blade of which shone brilliantly despite the poor lighting. Its face, partly concealed by a black hood, was skeletal.

Tom swallowed.

‘So, uh, what’s the scythe for?’

The reaper was silent for a moment, considering the object in question. 

‘I use it when people resist.’

Now Tom paused. For the first time in almost a year, he didn’t feel weak. It was as if his illness had never happened, he felt like a normal boy.

‘People can resist?’

‘Never successfully.’

Tom considered. Like all boys his age, he had an exaggerated opinion of his own abilities which was entirely unaffected by the time he had spent bedridden. Outrun death? Sure. No problem. It wasn’t even very far to his house. And why wouldn’t he run? If he died, he’d never see his mum again. 

To his left, he noticed that the window was ajar. It was a ground story room, so Tom decided that would be his best means of escape.

He bolted, flinging aside the thin hospital sheets, momentarily obscuring his view of the window in the process. When he saw clearly again, the reaper was blocking his path, standing in precisely the same way he stood before. 

‘Do not do this,’ it said.

Tom turned without thinking, bursting through the door and sprinting down the adjoining corridor. Here too the lights were dimmed and flickering intermittently. As he shot past room after room and eventually through reception, Tom saw not a single other living person. In the car park, the reaper awaited him.

‘Chasing children does not befit me, and running will do you no good. Stop.’

‘Go away!’ Tom yelled. He turned sharply, jumped a low wall, and continued his mad flight down the street.  He found that no matter how fast he ran, he didn’t get tired, so he quickly made his way to the end of the road, there turning left. Here, once again, he encountered the reaper, standing in the middle of the road beneath a broken streetlight. 

‘I mean it, Tom. You will regret this.’

Tom ignored him. He just needed to see his mum, she’d be so happy to see him healthy again. Jumping the garden gate, he quickly collided with the door to his house; the house where he and his mother had lived alone for as long as he could remember. The door was unlocked. Inside, all was dark. 

‘Mum? Mum!’ he shouted, smiling. ‘Mum, I’m back! I’m better!’ He ran up the stairs excitedly, rushing through the door to his mother’s bedroom. There, stood the reaper, the blade of his scythe no longer shining so brightly. Tom fell to his knees, weeping softly. 

‘Death is a gentle thing to those who welcome it. To those who fight, it is often more violent.’ The voice was not regretful, or triumphant, or containing any emotion at all. ‘I use my scythe when people resist, but not necessarily on the people who resist.’ 
