"This years Academy Award for best actor won't be given to Leonardo DiCaprio due to necessary diversity quota targets being missed.  Instead it will be awarded to a gay, chinese-american, HIV+, trans-gender-bi liberal arts graduate who holds an african-american belt in karate." Announced the Order representative presiding over the academy awards ceremony.  

With great confusion, the star of The Revenant replied... "What? That's ridiculous."

"Ridiculous?  Diversity is RIDICULOUS to you, DiCaprio?  Not only is he a white cis-gender male, he is racist." said the order.

Suddenly, black lives matter protesters appear from everywhere.  Blocking all the aisle exits.  Police then burst in out of nowhere and start shooting the protestors as is the standard response.  

In the confusion, DiCaprio grabs the Academy Award and bites off the head, chews it and swallows.  He then takes another bite...

The black lives matter protestors brought uzis and are now shooting back at the police.  Since this is America everyone is used to shootings in public places so the audience pays little attention to the gun violence, and instead look with bewilderment at DiCaprio. 

"Why would he EAT an academy award?" Shouted one woman to another, as she ducked to avoid gunfire.  

"I have no idea!" Replied the other, as she checked her makeup.  She couldn't decide if it was the police tear gas or the magic of the evening which caused her eyes to run. 

Leonardo took another bite, and his eyes began to glow as he recited Satanic verses.

The order representative at first didn't know what to do, but when he noticed DiCaprio reciting *religious words on public television* he immediately sprang into action - "You can't do that DiCaprio!  No one religious denomination can be exclusively represented at this awards ceremony."

Completely ignoring the lamb being sacrificed on stage in a pool of virgins blood, the order representative continued "DiCaprio, I....Oh, never mind I didn't realise you were on stage Mr. Sharpton."

...Leonardo DiCaprio had completed the first stage of the great dark ritual, transforming himself into a racially divisive black man.  

Yeah I have no idea where the fuck I'm going with this.  