"Hello customer service." My sweaty palms hold my iPhone against my ear.

Sitting in front of me is a pile of random table legs, chair legs, and what appears to be... horse legs?

"Yes I think I received a factory shipping error package or something. Is this dining room set supposed to come with animal parts?" I say to the lady on the other end.

She tells me to hold on while she talks to a manager. In the meantime, I pick up the instruction manual and start looking for some clues about the product. The only thing I managed to do was stumble over the name of the table set.

Finally after some trial and error I think I said the name correctly. "Balshia by Asmodeus" 

Winds with the intensity of a hurricane swept through my living room. Papers were strewn about and my furniture was slammed across from me. Slowly, the horse legs stood up and a full body began to materialize around them. Seconds later I was staring at a towering behemoth. 

Black horns twisted from each side of this monstrosities head. It hunched forward as it was too tall to stand in my living room. With dark eyes it just stared at me.

"Sir are you there?" The lady from the phone was back.

"Ye.. yea I'm here." I stammered back to her.

The domon continued to stand motionless, each breath visibly moving its body.

"You appear to have purchased our new line of Black Magic decor, stylish for any style of living. The horse legs are normal, after reading the product name out loud while the legs are surrounded by the tables legs etc, you should see your new demon fully materialized In front of you. "

"Uh huh." I was still staring intently at the demon.

"Dont be alarmed, hes harmless, I'm going to go over a few commands he is compatible with at the moment. We have our basics like sleep, stay, clean, play, alarm, and scare. But there are also some experimental ones were still working on, you can test them at your own leisure. We have sacrifice, resurrect, teleport, transform, and wait in line at the DMV."

" oh ok, thank you then." I replied.

Never in my life have I gotten through a line at the DMV so quickly. 10/10 would buy again. 