"When they're not looking, I roll to skim some of the treasure off the top," Shelby (R-Alabama, Rogue 3, Fighter 1) said.

Dungeon Master Warren (D-Massachusetts) nodded.  "You realize there's still one giant spider alive, right?"

Shelby shrugged.  "You say spider, I say 'diversion'."

Warren let it go.  "Okay," she said, "roll when your turn comes up."

"Can't I smite him for this?"  Roberts (R-Kansas, Paladin 4) said.

"You're kinda busy with that giant spider thing," Warren pointed out.

"Stop metagaming," Shelby added.  "Your character doesn't see it."

"This is bullshit," Fischer (R-Nebraska, Barbarian 3) said.  "You shouldn't take money that the party needs!"

"It's your turn, Fischer," Warren said.

"I'm going to attack Shelby," Fischer said.

"Bullshit!"  Shelby yelled.  "Metagaming!"

Warren had to reluctantly agree, "He's right, your character doesn't know that Shelby is stealing stuff,"

"Which I haven't even done yet," Shelby pointed out.

"If I might have the floor?"  Burr (R-North Carolina, Wizard 4) said.

Warren frowned.  "No," she said, remembering that this had started at some point as a filibuster and she needed it to keep going, "but I'm listening if you're saying something in character."

Burr seemed to expect that response.  "Before we went into the dungeon, I cast Clairvoyance and had it follow Shelby around - in character, because he's got a reputation as being... well, disreputable."

"Can you even cast Clairvoyance yet, Burr?"  Shelby asked skeptically.

"I bought a scroll."  Burr answered.

Warren sighed, "Okay, Burr, that's good that you're in character and have a reasonable justification for doing that, but again, if you're going to cast a spell or use a scroll like that, you have to tell me."

"I did tell you!"  Burr objected, "When we went into town you asked if there were any supplies I needed, and I said I needed a scroll of Clairvoyance!"

"Right," Warren said, "but you didn't actually *use* the scroll, so now there's spiders.  Speaking of, Fischer?  Still your turn.  Still a giant spider there."

Fischer seemed to think about this.  "I'm still going to attack Shelby."

"Oh come on!"  Shelby shouted.

"Can I intervene here?"  Sessions (R-Alabama, Ranger 5) said.

"You would," Fischer said.

Warren interrupted before the conversation could go further, instead deciding to answer Sessions' question:  "You're not in the room; you went to explore the other branch, remember?"

"Right," Sessions said.  "I'll come back into the room to go help Shelby."

"Thank you!" Shelby said.

"Oh, sure," Warren said, "When it's your buddy coming to help you for no reason, suddenly you don't care about metagaming."

"You know what?"  Shelby said, "Fine!  I won't steal the gold on my turn.  In fact, on my turn, I'm out of this room.  I'm going to explore the other branch with Sessions."

"Fine!"  Warren and Fischer said.  "You never went along with the party anyway," Fischer added.  "You're PCs in name only!"

"I move that PCINOs be pronounced 'Pachinos'" Ernst (R-Iowa, Warlock 1, deceased) asked.

"Seconded," Heller (R-Nevada, Warlock 1, deceased) said.

"Just get it passed by acclamation so we can do something about THE SPIDERS!" Warren shouted.

"Is it my turn?"  Shelby asked.

"No, it's still Fischer."  Warren said.

"Oh, you better bet I'm attacking Shelby now," Fischer said.

Shelby stood up.  "I use my Signet of Transportation to get the hell out of there.  I can use that as a bonus action, so she can't attack me, right?"

"Yes," Warren said, resigned.

"Oh, fuck you Shelby!" Fischer said.  "You planned to rob us all along!  That's it, you're out of the party!"

"You can't kick us out," Sessions said, "We're leaving!  We're going to explore this dungeon and lead our constituents on our own!"

"Oh hell no!"  Fischer said.  "You're not going to loot this dungeon and constituents before we can!"

Warren sighed.

"It's not your fault," McConnell (R-Kentucky, Senate Majority Leader 2) said to Warren.  "They didn't listen to that oldest of gaming and political advice."

"Oh?"  Warren asked.

"Never split the party."