Have you ever woken from a deep sleep, and when you look around everything seems hazy and foggy? That's how I felt my whole life had been up until I saw myself kill my best friend in the whole world.
Now everything was crystal clear, painfully so in fact. The blood gushing from the hole in Taylor's head was a thick crimson, and it spilled down her once joyful face a lot slower than I had expected it too - the gory movies we used to stay up all night watching together didn't do it justice. 
My first instinct was to fight the grizzled, older me. To punch her so hard that I'd shatter her jawbone, but I paused when I saw the steady stream of tears trailing her cheeks. 
"I did it Tay" she croaked, slowly sinking to the floor. I moved over to her, and of all things I contemplated doing just moments before, of all the pain I wanted to inflict on this person, I sat and cried with her - the clouded night sky was an excellent backdrop to mourn our loss.
Older me then stood suddenly, taking me with hr and I snapped out of my crushing sadness briefly.
"What's... what's going on?" 
My voice was hoarse yet punctuated, cutting the silence of the forest. 
"There's no time, Kate", my older self almost whispered, voice cracking.
"Well assuming you're a future me, I'd say that there's all the time in the world, would you agree?"
I almost faltered when those words left my lips. In that moment I realised how crazy this all was.
Older me's face turned deadpan.
"Yes, I am you," she audibly sighed, "why did I murder our best friend? It had to be done, Taylor - my Tay - agreed with that. I come from another timeline identical to yours up until this point. This is where everything turns to shit. We both invent time travel, no it doesn't work how you think it does," older me pauses for breath, and I can feel the anger in her voice. It was only then I noticed that she was pretty banged up, covered in blood and bruises, so I settle on hearing her out at least.
"I suppose to elaborate, in the timeline I come from, at 27 years old Taylor and I discover the technology that allows time travel. We spend the next 20 years of our lives perfecting that technology. During those years though Taylor had a son, a son which she ended up unintentionally neglecting - a son that would grow to despise her with every fibre of his being. Out of rebellion, he eventually stole the prototype machine and went to what we call the Edge. It's the furthest known year that humanity still exists and he learns everything, spends years there. When he returned he was older, wiser and had the knowledge of things unbeknown to anyone. He was - no, is - a god. I had to stop him..." Older Kate's voice trailed into silence.
"So you killed Taylor to stop him existing?"
She nodded.
"But like I said," Older Kate paused, after digging around Taylor's car finally emerged with cigarette and lighter, "Time doesn't work like that apparently. I can still feel him, floating around in existence. Now that I'm paying attention, this timeline is vastly different from any I've been to -" 
Older Kate chokes, and even in the encroaching dark I see blood spatter from her lips. She sinks to the ground in slow motion, and I see the figure standing behind her, and the gleam of now red tinted metal in the moonlight.
"Before?" The man crooned, finishing my older self's sentence. 
I scream in sheer panic; I'm rooted to the ground, unable to move. The man seemed to be wearing the shadows as a billowing coat and they swirled on his face like ink in water. I was mesmerized as he lowered himself to Older Kate, choking and sobbing on the ground.
"Could never leave a job unfinished, mom taught me that," he glanced over at Taylor's lifeless body.
"Honestly I'm just as surprised as you! I could actually sense my other self be erased from existence when you killed my mother. But here I am," his lips curving into a wicked smile, "Still leagues above you."
Older Kate coughed loudly as I could see her try and raise herself from the ground.
"Just leave VEN," she groaned "You've clearly won" 
The man, still smiling, now begun to laugh.
"Won? Like this is a game? There is no winning or losing "Aunt Kate," he snarled the quotations.
"All I wanted was to be apart of time, just as you and my mother were. And you cut me out. I won't let that happen again"
It was at that exact moment there was a burst of electricity from behind the man known as VEN. As all three of us turned to face it, I heard a familiar voice bellowing from the lightning vortex.
"Kate, you must leave this timeline. I'll hold VEN here, the council will find you. Remember, J two-zero-five. Remember!" 
VEN scream cut through the static sound dancing through the air. Older Kate leapt up, a newfound strength driving her forward. She gripped me tight, and with the smell of burning filling my nostrils and an intense pressure surrounding me, I felt myself leaving two Taylor's behind.


