Rush job cause I'm at work but I liked this prompt. Though I changed the first person to third. I don't know if that's allowed. Erm.
 
--
 
"She's just fucking with you, Troy. Ms. Carrol knows about that stupid 'she can get any book' rumor. I bet she's retiring this year, so she went home and glued some color pages to a purple book or something. I mean, look, some of the pages are even ripped out!" Wally was taking this too personally. Troy didn't take his remarks seriously, but he hadn't noticed pages were ripped out despite students being prompted to make sure the book was in decent condition when they received it. "Fine" he said. "I'll just least go ask her about the torn pages tomorrow." Even though Troy resented the fact that Wally didn't even want to try the book out, they went back to taking turns on Donkey Kong 64 until Wally was picked up. Troy stared longingly at the scratches on the book - 'N E C R O N O M I C O N' but he Wouldn't dare open it alone.
 
At thirteen, Troy was well-liked in his school, especially for his style which consisted of hand-me-down band shirts from his older brother which middle-schoolers at the time regarded as cool for being 'retro' or 'ironic'. Wally, however, was always looking for excuses to complain. Having a single mom who would often be working, he was practically a year-old younger brother to Troy.
 
"What's the holdup? Is the bus driver drunk again?" Troy, Wiley, and Troy's neighbor Sarah were waiting too long for the bus when Troy's mom notified the children that school was canceled that day. Just then, two police cars and an ambulance zoomed by. The boys quickly grabbed their bikes to trail them all the way back to their school.
 
Hiding behind the huge MARYMOUNT MIDDLE SCHOOL sign, the boys could get a clear view of the commotion past the police tape just as a body was getting wheeled out of the school. If the whispers were true, this was Ms. Carrol. Visibly shocked, Wally looked over to Troy. A voice from behind suddenly shook their ground "What's going on here?" As they were getting ready to bolt in fear, they realized Sarah had followed them in. "Jesus, Sarah. We thought you were a cop. Just tell us if you want to come along next time." Sarah just smiled, "that would be no fun."
 
Back at Troy's house, Wally explained the book situation to Sarah. "What do you mean you don't know what a Necronomicon is?!" Though he barely knew himself. All he had experience with was the movie Evil Dead whose poster hung on his wall at home. "Here." He practically threw the book at Sarah. The boys winced when she started flipping through the old book, unfazed. "why are some of the pages ripped o- hey, look, there's a chapter on summoning here. Why don't we see if we can bring back Ms. Carrol?"