What does an alien dream of? When it has a good dream; does it smile, with its ten mouths, or its sharp beak? When it turns in bed, does it use arms, or a tail? Does it ooze to the side, letting the brown goo cool while the green goo rests on the pillow? When it shivers, do chills run down a spine, or through a system of tentacles? 

To these questions, there are an infinite number of answers. But for one question, there is a single answer—When it’s afraid; what does it fear? 

It fears the hunter.

The hunter is a bipedal, clumsy creature. It’s not particularly strong; it can lift a stone of around fifty kilograms. It’s not particularly bright, for a sentient species, although it is highly intuitive and emotional. It cannot see in the dark, it cannot hold its breath for longer than 300 seconds, and it cannot hear sound past one-hundred-thousand hertz. 

The hunter has one advantage over all other forms of life, a unique trait—persistence. Imagine seeing the eyes of the hunter in the nearby forest. You flee, much faster than the gangly beast. You stop to rest, only to have it appear *again* in the forest. It stares at you with cold, calculating eyes, smiling as you flee in terror. The hunter will follow you, unrelenting, until you collapse from exhaustion; only then will it kill you.  

The hunter is capable of self-regeneration when injured. Like other sentient life, it has developed the ability to extract natural resources from any environment it is placed in. It has developed complex working societies, like the other races. The hunter is not so different from you or I, except the hunter has developed the most gruesome method of killing—persistence breeding.

The method is as simple as it is terrifying—breed until there is no other form of sentient life in the universe.  Like a leech, they consumed the most valuable resource in the universe; souls. Every newborn hunter requires a soul. Souls cannot be created or destroyed, merely transferred from one form to another, so when a hunter is born, another soul is taken. 

Before the hunters, every new soul drew from the well of souls. This well, an abstract dimension, is full of billions of tangible souls—the great storage chest of life in the universe. For millennia, this well remained balanced. Each soul taken from the well was replaced in kind. The depth of the well ebbed and flowed with the rise and fall of civilizations; years of war increased the well, years of prosperity reduced it, but all was balanced in time. Then came the hunters, and in a span of five hundred years the well was completely dry. 

First, we tried eradicating the hunters with disease; but they developed immunity. Then we influenced them to destroy one another—twice—to no avail. We encouraged them to irradiate one another, but their conscience grew; they stayed their hand. We sought to destroy the very world they live on, but now they move towards the stars; persistence incarnate. 

We lie awake at night, staring at the ceiling, or the stars, or the hive. When we sleep, our dreams are wrought with fear. At any given moment we could wink out of existence, slain by the perfect hunter—the reaper of souls. Like the hunting method of old, they will come for us. We can run to the very edge of the galaxy, but they will find us. Slowly, unfaltering, they will continue to breed and endure, until there is nothing left in our universe but their race. 

The hunters—or so we call them—The Great Filter. 
***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH