Rifts opening up everywhere... Jake needed to move quick. No time to mourn or to wonder if he even should mourn. So much of his memory had been knocked loose. That ray must've boggled his mind more than he realized at first. sprinting to the next house over, something inside told him that it had some guns inside, maybe he could find a fist kit too. "The hell was his name?" he whispered to himself, just to break the eerie silence. Trying to remember his neighbor's name seemed fruitless. Moving in the cover of night, skin crawling as he listens for any sound beyond his heartbeat. Looking along the back of the house and seeing an open window, Jake crept along. the lack of electricity in this moment seemed to be his best advantage. Once directly below the opening, he looked out into the inky blackness, straining to hear anything...
whumph whomph whumph whomph  Nothing else but his heartbeat... Leaping up he quickly shimmied into the window, never having been very dexterous in the first place he landed with a thud and the wind knocked out of him. Getting to his feet quickly, as he heard something stir in the next room. grabbing the first thin he could lay hands on a toilet lid he readied himself to attack. The door swung open and in the sudden candle light that poured in, he saw the blast of the muzzle. Just as his hands came apart with the impact of the shotgun slug, he tried to gasp his surprise...

"HOME INVADER GUNNED DOWN BY GAMER"

During the blackout last night an avid gamer wearing an Augmented Reality headset was shot down, by no less than his neighbor who at the time of the black out was ALSO playing the latest AR game to hit the market, Dog Eat Dog;Survive it all. Both parties not realizing that their local electrical transformer having been hit by lighting had cause a pulse wave in their plugged in AR headsets. Causing confusion and a sort of delirium state. The publishers KyteDog Unlimited, has realeased a statement lament this unfortunate incident. Still embroiled in a class action lawsuit, there PR department is likely working overtime to spin control the damages nationwide as this incident in NOT the first...

(Thanks for reading, first serious attempt at a writing prompt. Hope you enjoyed, please leave feed back if theres any notes you'd like to share! Have a great day!)
