Today was it, the day I would reinvent myself. I was a sophomore in high school, and I truly believed nothing bad could happen to me, I was young, dumb and innocent. 



It was the day, THE day! And I know what I wanted to do first.

"Mom!" I shouted over top of the steps. Without missing a beat my mother's head popped over the banister.


"What do you need? You know I'm buying you dinner, and not making it, right?" My mother looked at me suspiciously.


It was typical really, she hated cooking.



"No mom! You said I could dye my hair if grades turned out well! And I got solid B's across the board!" 



A sigh left mother's lips as she nodded her head. "Let me get my keys..."

After making it to the store, I perused the different hair dye aisles they had, but I could not find the one I wanted- no needed to have. Almost as if by fate, a box of hair dye fell from the top shelf, landing lightly on my foot. 

This was it, this was the color! Such a vibrant pink on the hair of the girl on the cover....it would look great on me too.

After the purchase, my mother and I made the drive back home, me excited the whole way knowing what was about to happen; my mom singing along to Britney Spears, smoking a Marlboro red.

"Come on mom! I can't wait to wash the dye out and see what it looks like!" I said eagerly, bouncing my feet.

"You can WAIT super_taintt, just five more minutes..." My mother absently played with a cigarette, probably wanting to be done with my hair as much as me. When it was finally time to wash it out, I ran my hands lightly through my hair, rinsing warm water through my scalp. After I finished towel drying it, I looked in the mirror.

Holy hell, it was a lot better than expected. My mother sat at the kitchen table muttering to herself as I came in to show her the finished product.

"Hey super_taintt, what is a "M.C"? Is it some weird abbreviation like toxic shock syndrome?? I shouldn't have gotten you this hair dye!"

I starred at my mother confused, m.c? I hadn't a fucking clue, but I was about to find out.


As my mom went to put her cigarette in her mouth, it was then that I noticed the smell of...something. it smelled like gas, but we don't even have a gas stove.


 Before I could get my bearings, my mother went to light her cigarette.

"MOTHER NO-"

The explosion rocked the house, sending me flying through an open window and into shrubs in the front yard.

Right behind me came the box the dye came in. Fire trucks blared down the street, lights illluminating the fire going on in the house. In my shock I realized I was holding the dye. I glanced at it's words to take my mind off of whatever was happening in real life.

"Warning, may develop m.c syndrome"
Wait....it clicked in my head right then and there.

My mother was killed tragically in an accident that left me completely unharmed.

My hair was pink.



I just Full Metal Alchemisted my mom.


My dad's probably dead now too.


Aw hell.
