"What do you mean?" 

"What do you mean what do I mean? It's really fucking simple: You hold onto this package until 2070 and then you give it to the Old One when he reappears on Christmas Day, what about it do you not get?" 

"The part where I'm supposed to be alive in 2070" 

The program had started in 2020, and the man was aware that the military had trained a few soldiers and airmen on the chronotraveller, but the guy sitting in front of him in the coffee shop didn't look like a time pilot; he didn't have rank on display and wasn't in uniform even though the device was wrapped around his wrist. He couldn't have looked more different than the high and tight Time Pilots they have do public events at malls and on commercials. 

"It's simple ok? These messages need to be passed on and it's dangerous to just like approach an historic event like that so we give it to the people that will stand the test of time. The immortals, the other travelers, people that will be there and so on. We need people who will split time like a fucking rock in a river, and you are one of those people" 

"You can't be serious. Are you like my grandson or something? Did you comeback just to mess with me for grins and giggles?" 

The package sat in between them on the table in the coffee shop. It was an average sized box no larger than what it would take to hold a soccer ball or a helmet, and it was wrapped in white wrapping paper with an erupting volcano design. It was glossy and the label said 'From: The G.F. To: The Old One'

"You mean shits and giggles?"

"No"

"You sure? Anyway it is important that the Old One gets this package, and it is important that you have a part in that"

"So this is like mail carrying right? Just like UPS but with 127 year olds?" 

"You can look at it however you want"

"Do you want another coffee? It's getting pretty late and I have actual important business to attend to tommorow, not Time Post Office junk"

"Oh shit have the privatized that yet?"

"They're gonna privatize the Post Office?!"

"Eventually"

"What is even in it?" 

"The most important thing in the world"

"Oh sure, I bet" 

"Anyway you'll have to be here near downtown when He arrives to deliver the package" 

"Fine"

The man took the package and began to leave when the thought occurred to him.

"Which one am I? Like am I immortal or will I become a Time Pilot?"

The traveler just smiled. 

Many years later the man who was given the package stood in the middle of a large stage in front of a large group of people. 

"Thus at 1900 hours last week our Dear Leader discarded the body he had used in his lifetime for 85 years, 2 months, and 6 days. The body he had used to facilitate his existence had ceased to be useful and in fact had become an impediment on the work he now must do outside of its confines..."

It had been 30 years since the man had received the package, and he was now grey and foucused on other things. He stood in front of the crowd as they mourned, he was aware that he would become their new Dear Leader- but for now he would let the moment take it's course. The room was swelling up to tears, but his mind was filling up with the expectation of power he began to have thoughts of how he would rule strictly and advance the groups goals- nearly 30 years of planning and execution went into this very moment. 

It was nowhere near 2070. 

Years would pass but he figured the time would come, he thought he would be one of the few people to ever become 120 years old, he thought that it was him. 

So did the next Dear Leader. 

Before he died the traveler visited again and they spoke briefly, he was assured that the next one on would deliver the package. The new Dear Leader was a young man, but that did not change the passage of time. It was nowhere near 2070. The man was growing old, slowly inching towards the delivery time. The package was kept in a vault in his office, the code to that vault was given to him by his predecessor. The traveler visited him often, the man started to believe that he was the one who was going to deliver the package; of course he was chosen, why else would the traveler speak to him directly? He felt that he would make it to 2070. 

So did the next Dear Leader. 

It was 2070 and a different man stood on a platform in the middle of Times Square. The package now old sat on a table. He spoke with enthusiasm as a large mass of uniformed bodies cheered for the words he spit with excitement.

 The Old One is coming. 

"The Old One is coming"