At the end of all things I wasn’t happy, I wasn’t sad, I was exhausted. For centuries I travelled across the galaxy making sure that her myriad of peoples did not suffer mankind’s fate. But now I was at the end of my journey, my life having been extended far beyond the point of what is natural. Yet despite all things, I was not alone. As I lay on my bed aboard the Prometheus, the instruments onboard began beeping. Countless ships from across the galaxy joined me now. 

“Open hailing frequency across all channels” i told AINE, my computer. 

The video screens flickered to life and I was met by the curious faces of those I had saved. My “children”. Eventually one of them mustered the courage to speak. “I’m glad we’ve found you, we need have all convened and we’ve decided. We wish you to be our ruler. You will be the emperor of countless subjects and peoples, all being guided to victory!” 

“I cannot” 

 They looked stunned, I doubt they were expecting my response. But i think in some level they all knew this time had come, because while the instruments can extend my lifespan and render me biologically immortal my mind is a different story. For 800 lifetimes I helped them, but now I am tired. 

“Why?” One of the others asked. “Do you not think yourself the prime candidate for the position?” 

I looked at her and simply replied, “I’m tired. While my people have turned to dust I’ve lived on, making sure Hope lives on. That the spark remains ignited” 

A wave of understanding crossed all of their faces. They knew what had to be done. I slowly shut down and unplugged my augmentations, starting with my baser organ functions. I slowly moved to my heart when a voice chimed in, “wait!” I turned to look at them, “we will never forget you”. I nodded and slowly finished my task. The last thing to shut down was my respirator, I slowly took it off. 

It took several minutes but I began to feel my strength wane. Slowly and surely my body relaxed, and I passed on. I closed my eyes for the last time. 

When I awoke again I was back on Earth. I felt the wind through some nearby trees, while overhead birds chirped in the warmth of the sun. As i looked around at the gentle, rolling hills I realized. I was truly home. 

Meanwhile the crews of the ships that had gathered around the Prometheus were notified of my death. One by one they changed course to return home. Leaving my once proud ship adrift in the emptiness of space.