"For fucks sake, Carol, you have to stop this."

Death propped his scythe up against the wall and surveyed her handiwork again.

There was a candelabra with a trio of ornate, black candles with white details. They even had black flames, which was a nice touch. There were two place settings, one was clearly for her, the other had a half eaten salad.

"Where is he?"

She just smiled and lifted the lid from a platter in the middle of the table.

*Damn* Death thought, as he involuntarily inhaled the aroma from the Texas style slow-smoked ribs, complete with fixings.

Death sighed, "Carol, I'm really not supposed to do this."

She then lifted the bottle of wine into the light, the gold label read **Massal 1945**.

She grinned and said "Clos de Luz, bottled on august 6, 1945."

Death shook his head, "what are you doing to me!"

He slid the chair out and sat down. She took away the half eaten salad and placed a fresh one on his place setting.

Salad Nicoise, "How did you know?"

Death had very eccentric tastes, and adored human food, especially with strong or unusual flavors. It was by far the greatest accomplishment of all humans.

After placing the ornate cloth napkin on his lap, he looked up to see here corking the wine. It popped out and a whiff of wonderful wine and death hit his nose. She poured him a glass while he began his salad. It was exquisite.

Between mouthfuls, he said, "So who was it this time?"

"Some guy from class."

Death cocked an eyebrow, "Nobody is going to get suspicious?"

"Nah, he's kind of a rolling stone and notoriously girl crazy. He missed six weeks of class to stalk a girl who disappeared. Everyone suspects him, but there's no evidence connecting him to the crime. Except for his confession, that is."

Death looked up from his salad, "That's the fifth killer in a row. Are you honing in on a preferred victim?"

"Nobody seems to care who did it when it's a killer."

Death focused his attention on scooping up the last bits of his salad, "And how do they find out they're killers."

"I leave them a care package with the body."

Death chuckled, "Smart."

"Indeed. They're more interested in verifying the evidence I leave them than figuring out who gave it to them."

Death dabbed his mouth with the cloth napkin, "And they don't ever interrupt you, or look for them beforehand?"

"Nope. These are usually very private people, they go out of their way to be unpredictable and difficult to track. That ends up being their downfall."

Death took a sip of the wine, "Mmmm, exquisite. These are dangerous people, Carol, if you're not careful, the next person I come to reap will be you."

She smiled at him smugly, "Doubt it."

Death began to grab at some ribs. The first one he grabbed by the bone came off, leaving him holding nothing but a greasy bone. He chuckled and scooped up several ribs with a fork and put them on his plate with some mashed potatoes and green bean casserole. "And why's that?"

"Because they never think of me like a victim."

Death took a bite of the ribs, "Mmmm. Mmmm. Then what do they think you are?"

"Serial killers all have one love, and it's not a person."

Death swallowed a bite of green beans, "You're the only serial killer I know of that's in love with me. Most others don't even see me."

Carol looked adoringly at him, "True. Unlike me, they don't love death, they love killing."

Death took another sip of the wine and placed a few more ribs on his plate, "And where do you come in?"

"Well, that looks off. They take great care to make themselves look normal. Being forever single kind of stands out when you want people to think you're completely normal in every way."

Death nodded in agreement, finishing off his potatoes and putting another serving on his plate. "And so they want a pretend girlfriend."

"Exactly. Except they're weird and most girls don't want to be with them. So they get desperate to complete their camouflage."

Death chuckled while finishing his glass of wine and began to pour himself another, "And you take advantage of that to get them to drop their guard."

"Yup. They're so grateful to finally have a girl who 'likes' their quirks" she made air quotes, "that they dive in head first."

"Ingenious," said Death, before finishing the last of the ribs. "Well, I'm sorry to say that even then, I can't stay. After I reap," he looked around, seeing a sneaker peeking out of the bathroom door, which was slightly ajar, "him, I have to move on. You were smart to use a slow acting poison, but once his brain dies I'll reap him and move on."

It was Carol's time to chuckle, "That's not how love works. I don't care that you have to leave."

She leaned forward, kissed a gloved finger and placed it on Death's lips, "I only care that you were here."