"You think this is acheivabe, you think we can pull this off, wouldn't you be  better suited for this as you know, nothing beats death". As i stared at my new menacing ally, awaiting a response, the cold echoing voice sighed "you have asked the question twice and twice the same response will be said, yes". 

In my carrer I've had some scary performances that if not executed perfectly it would of costed me the admiration of others as well as the victory of the opposition, but this, this is real the most real yet unreal thing I've done. 

The church or the bible never mentioned how this would feel, for the first time it was like i felt whole one with the soul maybe, always knew about people, monks and others in my profession chasing after this feeling, easy to see why.

"Mind the lights and remember the rules they're similar to the ones you used to abide by or break".The darkness that we were sitting in, just a wave of black yet I could see myself and my new friend as clear as day, the pure thick pitch black darkness slowly faded and a familiar environment started to materialise at my feet.

"I've never been to work this way before" said it more to myself than the monster I've cane to know as the reaper, he was a skeleton but not in a robe, the reaper was incased in what seemed to be armour, big armour made his skull look a little out of proportion. "I know i used to wear a helmet", you know what im thinking, how ?
"The bond we've made has made me able to do a lot of things".

So many voices i could hear the boom and the shear amount of voices roaring through this celestial battleground that I've found myself in. Two voices however stuck out from all the others "ladies, gentleman, demon, angels, fallen angel and god, welcome to the HUEWE, HOLY UNHOLY ETERNAL WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENT!

THE FIRST MATCH SUPPORTED BY SATAN HIM SELF, THIS MAN SNAPS NECKS AND CAHSES CHEQUES..... AGGGENT 47 !

"Remember im here when you need me", even though the lights were blinding i could still make out death, "alright we got this", "and here we come".

The environment suddenly became clear the ropes, the turnbuckles, the anoucer tables and the crowed, my goodness the growed was infinite mixed with human and inhuman figures.

"NOW FACING THIS HITMAN IS THE CHAMPION THAT DEATH HAS CHOSEN, YOU CAN NOT SEE HIM, HE IS THE KING OF THIS BATTLEGROUND ON EARTH.... JOOOOOHHHHHN CEEEENAAAAAAA ! 

My opening theme boomed through out this celestial stadium and the roar of the crowed was overwhelming. "John take this!".
Death slide his scythe to me, as i picked it up it transfered into my victory there is no better more efficency weapon than the steel char.

*sorry for the bad gramma, i just had an idea had no idea how to start it and this was the result, apologise for the time you will waste hopefully it makes you chuckle 