The words, etched onto my arm like a brand, were so raw in meaning that I thought I had understood them. 
Oh how wrong I was...

We had seen it coming for decades - a collision with a transient planet crossing our solar plane - and prepared adequately; *most* of the populace had moved to the predicted opposite side of the planet, into state-of-the-art bunkers equipped to last 30, maybe 40 years at most. Some of us were left behind - the ones who had accepted their fates, the ones who denied theirs also - and we had collated in locations around the globe to watch it all unfold.

I was at Stonehenge, waiting for the start up of the 24-hour countdown clock with those of us who had remained in England. Why Stonehenge you ask? I haven't a clue - I never researched what it truly was - but it was voted for, and as such it became our location.
*click*
I heard the switch fly for the clock to start, but as the first few pixels lit up, everything stopped; people's bodies petrified, true emotion captured in facial expressions across the board, but not one meager atom moved anymore. I could still move though, as if unaffected by what had happened...

Scarcely 10 minutes later (or so it felt, considering the apparent universal standstill in effect) I felt my left arm go numb - as though I had been paralysed - as letters were carved into it by a mysterious source; *"However long it takes, save us"* they read, as if I had been chosen to be some kind of saviour. Me, a small suburban code monkey working on simple AI, a saviour? Ludicrous.

The next revelation of mine, I would guess it was around 20 minutes after that, was that I could not leave the boundaries of Stonehenge; I had to save whoever "us" referred to from within this tiny area. I won't lie; it was a useful thing to learn considering the vastness of the universe and however many sentient beings there may be that need saving, and so knowing that whoever needed ME specifically knew they could be saved by something here helped narrow down the requirements a little.

Of course, half an hour of light poking around doesn't expose much information, so I went deeper - so to speak - and began to look at each individual person, filtering through their belongings to glean what I could from any identification or item they had on them. Nothing stood out until the eighth person; I lifted a scrap of linen from her pocket with a red-stained symbol on it, reminiscent of one I'd seen earlier tattooed onto the third person (who was carrying a serrated-blade flick knife in their back pocket - perhaps the source of the writing on my arm), and that I had seen on the central stone.

Things fell into place rapidly - these people, with their runes and their knife, must have slipped me out of "their" time into a fixed point where I could search for a way to save them that they may not have thought of. I, of course, had no idea what the rest of it meant however - in my mind, and so I followed my gut; taking the knife I had found earlier, I put a drop of blood onto each of the runes on the central stone in order to save these people. Nothing happened, not instantly, not for the ten (maybe 20?) years I waited for it to happen: Time was still frozen.

I tried everything, but I couldn't even free myself from this time-lock by killing the people who I assumed put me there - the knife wouldn't touch them - and I couldn't leave Stonehenge. The words, etched onto my arm like a brand, were so raw in meaning that I thought I had understood them, I should have been free by now.

Then, in my madness, it clicked like the switch to start the clock. They always intended to die in the planetary collision, but they had left me behind at this point in time to save them, or rather, their memories. An unfaltering image of them in their life, "alive" in a sense of not being dead, with an undying observer to see that they are in fact alive.

"However long it takes" was a white lie. They had never meant for me to work out that there's nothing that can be done. I'm stuck here for eternity, keeping their image alive in my thoughts, "saving them" from death.

Edit: Was missing a letter.