"Why must we have lost contact this blasted thing was only 5 years old that day. I bet Winevoss was the culprit I don't believe his story about updating the drivers for our operating system to prevent it being affected by Y2K or any viruses that could penatrate our defences. I never made the right call forcing him to try to survive a dive on the outside because it spared him from the torture we have suffered." Well time to update my journal to try to hold on to what little of my sanity remains.

June 4th, 2025

This blasted 1995 experimental sub is a hunk of junk had we not been able to use the torpedo tubes air lock system to catch fish we would have starved years ago. Ever since the week after Y2K our system started to malfunction. First was the sattilite radio going out. Then our ability to close the shutters on the bridge windows a stupid design in my opinion failed but it has held up better to the depth than some metal sections over the years. After that dive where I strapped Winevoss to the outside we lost the ability to surface because coral got stuck in the balast pumps and let all our air out. Depth has been slowly increasing as we slowly shift down this underwater hill our nuclear engine is still running fine for all the computerized tech. The filters are all still working properly for the air and water treatment; we are even harvesting kelp,plankton, and algae to make into safe to eat food bars.


 We are now down to our last set of light bulbs since 3 blew yesterday. How long until they declassify us and a search is started then again it won't help too much 900m down with sheilding and a sub shape that is supposed to make us invisible to track or appear as a whale it will likely take another 15 years I would hate to see that day and what we have become. 
We are going to lose light at some point I have ordered all personal use computer terminals be left alone and the men are respecting the order but I know they will want to use them for light once our bulbs run out and we get stuck on flashlights or worse once we even run out of flashlight bulbs. I guess I better leave off here before I start repeating already covered topics.

July 2036 we lost track of dates since our computers are slowly failing this one for matainance and my captian's log one are the only terminals still working besides diagnostic systems and weapons systems. We have pretty much lost all light sources I traded the boys 5 flashlights for the use of this computer until it dies. Once these electronics die then we will have not only forgotten what sunlight looks like but light in general. Our food tech I had to hook up this terminal to it  to deal with the screen failing now it gives our food on a timer and water on a press of a button our variety is per meal randomly selected by the computer since the food machine had its display break our flashlights lasted longer than expected since we could recharge them and the bulbs lasted way longer than expected. We have had 12 out of our original 200 man crew opperating this sub the size of a whale designed to be picked up on radar as one if ever spotted on radar which means they have to get within 100 meters to see us. Each day I debate about overloading the nuclear generator to end our suffering I can't bring myself to do it and neither can the crew.

June 4th 2045

The radar picked up a blip 600 meters out and we got a radio transmission from a depth diver sub angry that another sub snatched their dive sub and that they were going to take us up on damages at that point we steered to right under them and I said "This is Captian Albatross of the USS Humpback you want to take us up yes do it we want to see light after going missing just after Y2K on patrol. Let me do one thing first at this depth we are stuck and I needed to know we had a chance at rescue before doing this."  I load the weapon tubes aims them straight down into the Abyss they now float over just past the edge of their previous hill and fires 200m deeper a large skeletal jellyfish creature is blown apart.

"Threat neutralized bring us up unidentified vessel."

"Very well Captian but you should know you were the last sub on patrol for the United States they tore their government apart in the 20's and Canada along with Mexico swept up the scattered pieces. The new leaders still hold your flags and medals you would have earned before the country disolved should your remains be found. Seeing as you are alive they will likely discharge you all from military service and try to reintigrate you to the changed world."

November 11 2045 

I have adjusted well to being back on land and now they have camper vans that remind me of a mix between my sub and the classic WWII ones. I live out of one of those and have intengrated really well even though i need the darkest tint sunglasses and windows I can get to even see in this brightness time to go to remember fallen heroes and the ceremony for the decommissioning of my tormented underwater home afterwards.