The last breath of Life.

What was your favourite moment? 
Death, doing his best to hide the excitement that had been building up for centuries, looked at his adversary. Wondering what she would answer.
I think. Life began. Dia de los muerto, 2023. Always loved the thought of celebrating a life liven instead of mourning the end of it. As she said it life’s eyes shone even brighter than usual and a smirk appeared on her face. 
Death leaned back in his chair, lighting a cigar. 
You’re wondering why that year aren’t you? Life asked looking around in the gloomy office, lit with a single candle. 
No, Death answered calmly. It’s the year after the last great plague to hit humanity. I almost thought it would all end there. 

I thought you looked surprised. It’s hard to read your face. Especially sense it’s only a skull. As the last word left her lips her counterpart took a long drag of the cigar and his bony visage lit up. Except the two hollow pits that were his eyes. 
And you? Life said. What was your favourite moment?
Marius Valjean. Death ashed his cigar into a pot containing a dying fly trap before continuing. He was a man who wilfully went to the guillotine for a crime his son committed so his granddaughter would have a normal life. 
What was the crime? Life asked as she took a sip of the red wine that had been waiting for her since she walked in. 

The thin figure leaned over his desk and looked into her eyes. It’s not important. The reason I liked that moment is because it showed how much they valued you. How much they loved each other. How much they care. 

They continued like this for days. Discussing the highs and lows of existence. The wars and famines as well as the songs and inventions. As the candle burned away Death stood up. 
Its time, take your last breathe and stretch your legs one last time for this is your end. Life went with him to the dark door at the far end of his office. Don’t dismay, we both knew I would win, we both knew this was coming. 
You didn’t win. Life said as she slowly opened the door. It’s been years sense the last human started their journey, close to three decades actually. I’ve had 28 years to think about nothing but this moment. It didn’t take more than a couple of years to get to terms with my fate. The rest has simply been waiting. But I hope you have time for one last question before I step through to the other side. What do you think will happen to you when I’m gone, and what do you think have kept you alive all this time? You didn’t win brother, we all die, including you.  
She walked into the void that waited on the other side of the door. And as death stood before the door as every being had before him, scraping together what little energy he had left to walk through it. He felt it, what he had only seen in so many souls as they gazed into his eyes. He felt fear.