No one is quite sure why it happens this way. Sure there are theories, but none of them can exactly be conclusively proven. One of the most popular theories (at least from the theological side) is that it’s supposed to be some sort of backup plan the gods set in place in case our soulmates died before they could meet us, so that when they reincarnated we wouldn’t be too old for them when they reached marrying age.

Granted that doesn’t stop it from being a little squicky when a 50 year old married a 18 year old, but at least it made it a little less asethically taboo.

Most people assume that the oldest someone has been when their soulmate finally found them was 50, maybe 60 years old, but then again most people seem to assume that soulmates are confined to at least being on the same continent. 
That is why when most people encounter an “immortal” such as myself, they tend to be a little taken aback.
Granted things are much better for us than it was 100, or even 200 years ago. 

Back then there were no protections against discrimination for us in place, which made finding somewhere to work, live, or even just eat was incredibly difficult.  You see when most people find out you are one of the (un)lucky few who are seemingly frozen at the age of 18 years old forever, they immediately assume that this not by accident. 

While I don’t doubt that the practice of avoiding, or even killing your soulmate isn’t unheard of, it’s no where near as common in our community as most would like you to believe. 

Because you see, being trapped at the age of 18 is a pretty dismal affair. You typically have to have your ID and official documents with you at all times to prove that you are actually an immortal (an not an actual 18 year old trying to pull a fast one), not to mention the fact that many immortals are (or at least would be) late bloomers. 

That’s not to say that there isn’t some hope for someone in our predicament. The immortal community is extremely supportive of one another, and while it’s a little difficult for us to find “true love” it’s not uncommon for some of us to have close relationships with one another , on the understanding that once we found our soulmates, it would be over, and we would both go our separate ways. 

Such was the case with Irene. While she was born 100 years after me, she was still old enough to remember the time when we were discriminated against, and such temporary unions were less a matter of companionship, and more a matter of safety. 

You see it used to not be uncommon for the police to blame any sudden deaths upon the local immortals, as it was commonly believed that we were this way because we had been getting away with murder for decades. 
Having a committed relationship with another immortal showed that (at the very least) we were more interested in love than the others, and made us less appealing suspects. 

Our relationship had saved her on multiple occasions, to the point that the idea of me leaving the country for a few weeks for work could put her into a panic.

That’s probably why I’m doing this. 
You see, I can’t leave Irene on her own with a clear conscience, which is why I haven’t been particularly active in finding my soulmate. However it doesn’t stop you from tracking me down every 18 years like clockwork.

I’m guessing that you are probably a perfectly lovely person, we *are* soulmates after all, but I do hope you understand that I can’t let you live until Irene has found her own soulmate. 

Hopefully the next time we meet I’ll finally be single