Eve stood at the gates of The Cape, her city stretching, winding, down the cliffs and to the bay below. 

To her right The Giant’s Hand lay palm open to the sky. Her people swarmed, looking at postings for ransoms, for danger, for wanderlust, or even just enough coin to fund their next bar crawl. If she listened closely, she could hear Sigurd and Bryn arguing the cost of throwing a city wide festival to celebrate some feat or another - as always. 

She remembered when Emilia and George said they would settle down for her, open a guild for people like them, and gave up their dreams for hers. Her heart swelled like a sea gale for them.

To her left, beyond the cascading falls that watered The Cape; the seabirds roosted in crannies and covens washed smooth by ten thousand years of sea wind, storms and acidic breath. If she closed her eyes, she could picture the largest of the caverns below the waves, camouflaged by reefs; the place where she was born. The years of absence hadn’t dulled the image, and instead seemed to have made it clearer. Perhaps she was just being nostalgic. In her youth those caverns had been filled with copper shelled eggs and treasures, not just the nests of rare sea birds. She’d learned how to swim in the coral reefs, and how to fly by leaping from the pitted cliff face. Once, she’d thought she’d teach her own broodlings the same, telling them the stories of her youth. 

Eve’s mother had raised her on the tales of her own youth, of the cliffs of the bay being raised out of the primordial chaos as the world was ordered. Back when Eve was just “Ehos”, the bay had never been quiet for the frolicking of the copper dragon flight. The songs and stories they collected coloured their air, and wove a sacred magic into the place. Ehos, and those of her kind, returned every brooding season to hear those songs, impart them to their young. When it was only Ehos who returned to silence, she became Eve, to await the dawn of returning song. 

But now, a mere hundred years later, she was forever to be Eve; the austere mistress of the Lord and Lady of the Cape. The copper dragons were long gone from their old grounds, and the only eggshells left in the birthing grounds were bird’s eggs. 

If any of her kind ever returned they would vilify her for her poverty. 

Her favourite trio of adventurers interrupted her reverie - calling out her name. Between her half-Druid and her Cleric of War, they brandished a small new addition to their group - a human girl dressed in a wizard’s garb and brandishing arcane sigils. Eve imagined brandishing her own fangs in possessive pride as she turned to them. 

Her kind was wrong. She had the greatest of treasures in this place. 

For what other dragon could argue that the Cape of Ehos was anything other than the greatest hoard of vibrant, mortal flourishing? The greatest navy sat in her port, the greatest market on her cliffs, the finest goods sailed for her port to every kingdom of the continent, the greatest guild of adventurers guarded her walls, and the man and woman who would chart a map of the world helmed her Cape. 

The smile she bore to her adventurers was flat toothed as she went to meet their newest addition. As Ehos, she knew the  copper dragon flight might never return to sing amongst the waves again. 

As Eve, she knew she’d replaced the people of her birth with the people of her heart. 