It’s a question that has haunted every novice theologian since the dawn of time. Like a question your four year old child asks. If everything is created, then who created God. The answer a sloppy non-cohesive mixed bag of jumbled nonsense. I guess that’s not fair. Structurally the argument makes sense. We all view God through a uniquely human lens, because well, we’re human. And it would logically lead that if we are created in His image than we must resemble Him in at least some manner. But in a more ephemeral way. Ethereal? I don’t know the word, because you know, language, a human construct. Goddamn, this is too complicated.


But I digress. It’s really not that complicated in reality. Of course He’s omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, omni-everything. But that’s all easily said and done when it comes to human cognition of the universe, so woefully constrained in such tiny vessels. Hell, we only left the Earth a half century ago. And who are we to judge anything when we can only see time in a single direction. God could be that magician who fucks up at your niece’s birthday party and still make all the humans ooh and ahh. 


It’s like how we appoint Ambassadors I suppose. It’s kind of an accepted form of nepotism. Donate enough to a president’s campaign and you’ll spend the next four to eight years mucking about in Aruba. As long as you can handle the occasional drug conviction of a US expat, you have the necessary diplomatic skills, can spend the rest of your days trying to convince locals you’ve been surfing all your life. Though I suppose in reality, it can on occaision be like a 15th century Spanish emissary taking over the New World, essentially becoming a war lord if you see fit.


I wouldn’t say being commissioned to Earth was like Aruba. Maybe if Aruba was full of disease infested mice, and you had to somehow corral them all into little pews every weekend. And instead of listening to you, they just fucked and killed each other until no one had any control over anything. In short, it wasn’t anyone’s first choice, but it was definitely not the shithole of the universe. For a while, the appointed God was a hard-ass. Would take any reason to smite you down, but after a momentary lapse of judgement, sent a bit of Himself down in the form of a human. Which was a pretty big fucking lapse of judgement. 


And with the resultant several millennia of human existence, a new reactionary God was appointed. Kind of like your uncle who still smokes a lot of pot and misuses lingo desperately trying to regain his High School glory years. Appointed as an interim-God but you know with the whole bureaucracy of the Universe, and well the scope of time on a galactic scale, I suppose a few millennia is about as expedient as it gets. A regime change at the top meaning a whole new batch of Gods were about to be appointed. 


Down on Earth, the world churned on, completely unaware of the changes about to happen. Completely focused on such minute problems. Entering into a brand new era without true precedent. But I suppose that’s the beauty of it all. A few are standing in line at a grocery store fighting over some guy cutting. A few are sitting at their desks, updating one more goddamn spreadsheet. A few are killing each other, and a few are fucking each other.  A few of them are even looking up into the cosmos, directly at God themself, completely unaware. And probably never will be.
