This was it. The final battle would be settled this way. 

East Coast vs West Coast, the war was so legendary, chronicles would try to tell it's tales for years to come. It had reached a boiling point, and there was no government that could provide a settlement, no gang who could come to a truce. 

Compton was the chosen battlefield, rightly so, for who could ever forget the city responsible for some of the greatest wizards of the generation? Warriors from the west were at the ready, with the NWA responsible for the first charge. The group of wizards with their hard beats and harder rhymes would provide the optimal amount of heat to damage the East Coast contingent. Ice T and Captain Rapp led their own flanking squads, aiming to provide a sharp attack to the other side. The west also had Kendrick Lamar, a young wizard, not yet as strong as his peers but a prodigy nonetheless. He would observe the battle in the coming days, for it was he who was to lead the next generation of west coast wizards. 

Dr Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg led the west coast contingent, their hands at the ready, their throats rested and watered. 

But they weren't the ones in charge. The man pulling the strings, the juggernaut for the West, one of the greatest wizards of all time, Tupac Shakur was, in all respects, the one calling the shots. It was he who possessed the power to destroy entire buildings by the sheer force of two words in alliteration, but when the man went off, there was no end to the destruction caused. Rumors had it that once, Tupac had managed to cause an entire tectonic plate to shift with a single verse. 

Yet all hope was not lost for the East. 

The boys from NY were far from scared, for they had their own strength. The shaolin ninja-mages from the Wu Tang Clan were a name that was feared throughout the country, known for their smooth flows that would creep up on you, crescendoing until it was too late and your entire city was in ruins. Nas was the second in command, a name that needed no introduction, and a name that was enough to cause a silence over the battlefield. 

The east was led by none other than the Notorious B.I.G, a man so feared by the west that many elders often would choose to submit rather than have at it with one of the GOATS. He could, and would match the sheer amount of power that Tupac had, and none other than Tupac could ever hope to engage in one v one battle against this man, for everyone knew, going one on one with Biggie was nothing short of a death sentence. 

The battlefield was set. The spellbooks were ready. The government could do nothing but prepare for damage control. The battle for the fate of America would go down soon, and there would be only one winner. 