*Oh Christ, not this again.* 

'Unhand her you swine' 

*Swine... who the fuck says swine, Im dust 1000 years and this fucking creep thinks people still say swine. I mean whats wrong with this guy... some people just arnt heros, no amount of magic is gonna change that. You're not a hero! Fuck I wish this Ahole could hear me!*   


In juxtaposition of his brightly colored cape and spandex Terry felt glum, for some reason he just didn't feel like a hero. Voice quivering he said

'Unhand her, I.. I wont ask again' 

A well built man with rust colored hair climbed off the petite, probably drunk lady and slowing turned to face Terrance. His military boots were old, his camo pants baggy and his shirt two sizes to big but his barrel chest still protruded from it. 

'Come again?' 

Terrance gulped, which echoed around the ally and as he squirmed in his own skin with voice cracking he said

'I am errrmm witness to an assault and emm i will escort you to the police station where you will hand yourse'

Booming laughter cut him off and nearly bowled him over. The large man raised his fist to which Terrance closed his eyes and flinched. 

'Go the fuck home you fucking fruit cake' 

Terrance dropped his head and his arms hung by his side. 

 *What I fucking tell yi. No bloody hero. Christ im going to have to deal with his emotional fucking breakdown later when he gets home. Man get me the fuck off this pussies neck!* 

'Ah man, my dates gone' 

The large man went to push past Terry but as soon as his hand touched his shoulder he was sent flying 12ft backward, unconscious.

Terry sat down beside him. It smelt terrible, like someone had microwaved beer and shit. Stains slowly soaked into his brightly colored spandex outfit. He didn't care. He felt even lower than before. I'm not a hero he thought to himself. 

*No you're fucking not you cretin. Jesus Christ you're a fucking villain maybe but not a hero. Have a little fun for fuck sake. YOU'RE INVINCIBLE. Christ grow a pair of fucking balls.* 

The unconscious man started to moan and moved a little. Terrance jumped to his feet and kicked him in the face. He did it again and then he dumped a few bins over him and left, feeling a little odd. 