*Day 73*

"The years of the Burnings were horrifying, but they were just. We had strayed from the will of *Tezcatlipōca*, and in His smiting, He was righteous. We are His slaves. This is how he might show us His light. This is why we are here." I shouted to the men above the roar of the sea. It had been growing shallower by the day. Our journey was nearing its intermission.

"We are his slaves!" the men shouted in unison, a prayer to our Lord of Providence. 100 years ago, His dire warning had re-invigorated the Alliance, and promised our victory. Many died, so we might live. Our debt to *Huītzilōpōchtli* was finally paid. 

"His followers are victorious. I am not afraid of what lay beyond the edge." I sang to the men. They echoed it back. 

As if on cue, our ship lurched. It stopped. The main cuitlapillizti of the ship had secured an anchorage. 

That night, the men celebrated. But I worried. 

*Day 74* 

We expanded the deck and anchored further 'round the ship. Investigation parties determined we were only several miles from a mainland. Somewhere righteous for His providence. 

They told us wondrous tales of the land: There were brilliant torches along the streets, and proper masonry throughout. The noise of machinery was audible from the boats. 

This mattered not. *Tezcatlipōca* would guide us the right way. 

While the men fortified the seapost, I sat with the high priestess. We discussed these revelations, and what they meant for His plan:

"We must always react to Him," she said. "We cannot anticipate." 

"But what about the edge?" I questioned. Normally, such questioning would be shunned--but that is what private chambers are for. 

"The edge was but one of several icuitlapanemanaliztli." she said. "We gave it the most attention because it seemed the most plausible, but it is important we prepare for our ignorance. There are lesser known icuitlapannemanaliztli."

"Is our world perhaps round? With our two seas balanced by two masses of land?" I pondered to the priestess. 

She nodded. "That is indeed another unknown we've considered. It seems the most plausible now--or perhaps even more nodes of sea and land, as a flower with many pedals or a wheel with many spokes."

I slept much sounder. His plan was unfolding, and His will was being revealed. And I was a part of it. 

*Day 75* 

The priestess and I talked all morning again. She told me our history was full of moments like these. Like the burnings, and like now.


