The cool brisk of the autumn air had kissed his cheeks again. The mistress that he enjoy in life every year. The warm fire comforted him in the sleeping night. The embers danced before him, the musicians accompanying them, beats after beat, breath after breathe, crackle after crackle.

The full moon, filled with joy glowed the most brightest out of everyday he spent on this planet. Giving it’s energy to the lake before, illuminating it to gem of the world. Transparent yet the most alluring shade of blue you could ever see. Almost hypnotizing beckoning him to admire it.

The kids bundled up in their jackets and beanies, sitting closely to the fire, soaking it warmth. Their heads nodding off as they wait patiently for their gooey marshmallows.

There he sat, his lawn chair established firmly in The ground, with his brothers and sisters and his closet friends. His children and their grandchildren all sitting around the fire. Sharing stories and telling of adventures

“Oh come on mom, I’m pretty sure you have embarrassing stories, you never told us any when we were kids” Ben chuckled and smirked. His rebellious child that had lost his way through drug abuse and in Charlie’s eyes was a failure, but like the prodigal son he loved him till he recovered.

His sister a workaholic lawyer finally joined that Fourth of July along with his brother back from the military, was permanent in a wheel chair dealing was smiling and laughing with the whole family.

Charlie looked at his wife of 32 years, the many painful but happy memories he remembered with her filled mind. Anxiety, and fear but one that were filled love and happiness and understanding

She chuckled 

“I remember when your dad tried to take me out on a date in the outback country.” It flooded back to Charlie, those memories turned his face pink and he tried to change the subject but she went on.

“Picnic, candles the whole thing, some grilled steaks also. He went all in., but I won me over” she turned to him and touched his hand, her eyes looking straight into his. Hypnotizing and caring, the same eyes that he found in that tattoo parlor looking at his ass while getting a tattoo for his ex.

She continued on looking at the crowd “but when the time came for a kiss, his lips was puckered, his eyes closed and I was getting into it until his knee hit the candle, tipped over onto his pants and it caught fire” she started bursting out laughing trying to finish.

“He jumped straight, screaming, yelling, meanwhile I’m hitting him was napkins, the table clothe, and even his jacket to put it out. It got to a point he had to rip it off, his his cheeks with the tattoo I love Sarah was the only thing facing me” she was laughing, he could hear her adorable snorts

Charlie was embarrassed as everyone else was laughing.

“That remind me of when Jack tried to jump from that tree to fly”

His sister picked up the memory and just laughed.

Charlie was happy. This was all he wanted to be away from life, the difficulties and hardships, to be with the people he loved and to forget their troubles and pains. To laugh but to love each other.

With that he stood up.

“Thank you all for coming to this lake to hang out, party, drink a couple of beers and couple glasses of wine. I know we had difficulties. I know we have problems in our personal life  our relationships, our family, our jobs that separate us from each other and from the world, but this is the moments that we live for and we enjoy” he paused and looked at the brown bottle, with the slogan.

*Nothing is better than having someone to drink with”

A single was welling up

“I know we had our ups and downs, the good and the bad, but I want you to know that this the best thing in my life” he sucked in a breathe

“I just wanted to say I will miss this, I don’t know if we can do this again but, dammit. I will miss it” 

He wiped his eyes

And raised his beer.

“I don’t know what to toast to, in reality”

“How about to the man that organized this, to Charlie” everyone agreed and raised their drinks up.

“To—————————————-

Everyone froze their hands up. 

“Guys, you ok? Are you fucking with me?”

He touched his wife but still remained frozen hard as rock.

“Guys are you fucking with me” He laugher
“Seriously stop it we had a good laugh”

Nothing

“Come no seriously stop it” His voice becoming worried

“Guys” his voice echoed into the wilderness and was met back his voice was silence.

He was shaking but suddenly a sound erupted in hears, scaring him to punch wildly.

An error message flashed up in front of his face. 

*Windows has crashed. Please remove headset*

He reached out front of him and lifted. A light had appeared blinding him as he took off the headset.

Noise were filling his ears, laughter, crying, talking. What is this place I’m going to. Was that pastor right. Is this heaven?

No it wasn’t

An overweight man in a purple polo with green stripes met him

“Hi, sir you need to get out of this arcade we’re closing”

What.

What?

*What!*

“No, no, no” he couldn’t believe what was happening

He turned to see a machine with a banner on it

*Mr. Morbid’s life simulation*

“No, NO!” He screamed but the employee rolled his eyes and walked away.

“Where’s Christine, where my wife, where my kids, where my children, WHERE!”His voice had cracked and tears were streaming down his face.

“I want to go back, I want to see the lake worth the fire, and—-“ 

Soon Charlie was out, or was that really his name, but the employee didn’t care, this happened every week, one fool spends too long in the machine and his reality is distorted.

He put down his tranquilizer and got the gun ready, another day wiping minds and kicking them.

The employee hated his job, but hey minimum still is worth it.


