When I walked down that road and towards the soup kitchen, I felt an elation for what I was doing. As though a heavy burden a heavy load was being carried for me. I rose this morning with the desire to do good for those around me. 

I began my day by taking out the trash. 
Afterwards I hopped in the shower and let the warm water invigorate me. 

I enjoyed showering more often. At least more than I used to. More than when I was in the deepest of my depression. A depression brought on by loss and heavy alcoholism.

I relived those nightmares everyday I woke up and the only way to make them stop was to drink myself into a stupor until I passed out. Then I would wake up and do it all over again. 

Each morning began with a tinge of hope before it was taken away. I would wake up and roll over, and reach my arm out expecting someone to be there. Until my arm would inevitably come to rest where my wife used to sleep. Then the realization along with the memories would come rushing back, and I would remember she is gone. Taken by cancer. 

At this point I would turn the other way and reach for the bottle of bourbon I kept on the nightstand. How many bottles did I go through in a week? God! This place is a pig sty.

This started my routine every day until one faithful morning I woke up and went to reach for the bottle and heard a voice. 
"You're worth more than what you're doing to yourself."
It was a faint whisper, but I heard it. At least I thought I did. Maybe I imagined it. Or maybe it was a loud thought. 

I began to pick up the bottle when the voice spoke again.
"You don't need this. It can't control you anymore." And just just like that, my desire to drink was gone!

Soon, I began to take better care of myself, and that began to spread outwards toward the community. And the voice began to get a little louder as well. As though someone was turning up the radio. It never became so loud that I couldn't think.

The voice directed me to help people carry things, or old ladies across the street. It told me to feed the homeless, and stand up for those being oppressed, but to be compassionate to all parties. 

As the voice spoke more. The more familiar it became. Until I could hear who it was. 
"Anne." I said. Tears streaming down my cheeks. "I miss you so much." 
"It's ok." She reassured me. "I'm your angel, and I'm here to guide you."

With that I felt sadness, but a happiness and a relief that I'd been denying myself. My wife was ok, and I would be too. 

I was becoming a better man, because I was touched by an angel.