"Please... I don't want to do this."

"You chose this remember?"

"I didn't choose *this*, it was just a game, like those twins who chased each other around the sands at the beach."

"You killed them you know, they got less than 100 years of life between the two of them and its because of you."

"Wait a second, that's not fair and you know it!  They all had to follow the same rules, rules we discussed."


"Who cares about fair! You've followed me around since the very beginning, like a bad memory I couldn't shake, lording your power over me. A heart stops beating, a back fence is left open when a child is playing outside, a street sign is misread and suddenly there **you** are.

"They chose their fate"

"I dont care, I loved them, every one of them."

"I love you..."

"I love you too, but you chose this."


"I take it back! I dont want to play anymore, this isnt what I wanted."

"You sound just like him you know."

"Who?"

"Riley Kilkenny, 34 years old, jumped in front of a bus after his sister died from a heroin OD. He's last though was "I take it back, this isnt what I wanted."

"Jesus, that was millennia ago, I didnt know you were there."

"I was there, for every single one, every last soul, i was there."


"Why do we have to do this?"

"Its the rules, your rules actually."

"I dont want to lose you..."


"Its funny, you always used to complain about the noise."

"I dont know how to be alone."



"I'm tired love, I kept putting my joy back together, and you kept breaking it. I cant keep doing this."

"We're in the garden arent we?"


"You remember the garden? Our first conversation was about how much you hated this place"

"its what made me love you, that day, the first day"

....

"Its time."


"What do i do without you?"


"I dont know, we've never been apart have we? I'm looking forwards to what comes after me, its all they ever seemed to talk about. For all we know, you'll stop existing along side me."


"What do i-how do I do it?"


"you do what the one thing you always wanted to do, reach out for me, hold my hand."


"and then?"


"I dont know."


"I love you, you dont have to go."


"love cant conquer death, you used to say that every day."


"I'll miss our dance."


"I wont, but I will miss you, you were more to me than i ever knew possible."


"Can you hold me? To do it, reach towards me for once..  I dont want to do it like normal, like them."

---  


Close your eyes she said, and he did.

Lean back she said, and he did.

She leant forwards, her eyelids glistening with the tears of eons. As she reaches her face to his she smells him, cold and chemical. Her lips tremble and they feel the cold radiating off of his cheek. She suddenly slipped forwards, for the first and last time, kissing her only lover. And with that, she was free.

---

He sat there, the echo of his first kiss on his cheek, the heat in his cheek faded, he opened his eyes and saw no garden, no girl and no Life.



And for a moment the universe was entirely filled with one helpless, childish sob.