I couldn't say why I knew the remarkably mundane looking dead man in front of me was God, I just... did. like it was some obscure fact that everyone had buried in the back of their mind, but needed to be reminded was there.

"I guess Nietzsche was right," I said aloud, a weak joke to try and convince myself I knew what was going on, knowing full well there was no one else in the park which the same feeling from before had assured me was paradise. A field of overgrown grass, browning from lack of water where the occasional broken automated sprinkler could be seen poking from the ground. A Swing set, though one of them had broken a hinge and the seat hung limply from the right chain. A merry-go-round that strained against the rust holding it in place as a hollow wind blew past. The line of houses surrounding the park had seen better days as well. Dusty windows sagged in their frames, wooden front porches had collapsed, gardens choked with weeds.

Then I saw the man.

He dragged some debris clear of a house's front door, a hammer and a nameplate in hand, and began to drive the blank nameplate in to the door's wood. I was behind him before I knew what I was doing. My mind crying out for answers, for him to turn around and tell me this was just some prank, that my loved ones and family were waiting for me inside or whatever the typical welcoming party in Paradise entailed.

He didn't seem surprised to see me when he turned around, he just looked at me.

"I tried to get you one of the more well put together houses. This one needs less work than the others on this street."

"What?"

"There's really not much to say about it. You saw Him out there, everyone does. then everyone makes their choice."

"What choice? Who are you? Are you an Angel? Isn't Paradise supposed to be more happy? What in... What's going on?!"

"Slow down. I know it's hard, I was in your place once. we'll go one at a time, you can ask more questions once I make it through all those, alright?" he nodded with a sympathetic look on his face. I swallowed and nodded in response. He smiled at me.

"First, your choice of what to do. You can stay here, in Paradise, for eternity, as is the eternal reward you earned for living a good life," he started, I thought back on my life, the things I'd done. I wouldn't have described it as good. I'd done some things I wasn't proud of, and some things I was, but I guess no one is perfect, "Or, you can go to one of the other places. No one's ever come back in the time I've been here, so the choice is final, as far as I can tell. Might not be the best way to spend Eternity, but at least it might be intact."

"Ok, I follow," I responded, "And you are?"

"Jacob. I'm not anyone important, just another guy who died back in ol' 1692. At least, I assume it's old. Hard to track time passing here. What good's a clock when you've got eternity to do anything?"

"Nice to meet you Jacob, so you aren't an angel?"

"Nope."

"Three down then."

"Paradise, it's been like this since I got here, and the people who were here when I got here said it's always been like this. I guess this is just the way things are."

"And... I guess we can ignore the last one, I get what's going on."

"You came to terms with it pretty quick."

"I dunno, I was never really a Religious kinda guy, but it's still something of a shock. So are there other people here?"

"Yeah, A lot of em stay cooped up in their houses, just letting it crumble around them. Me and some others try to keep things sorta presentable."

"Why?" I asked, Jacob shrugged in response

"Not much else to do. some people are seeing if they can get the main building working again, the symbols don't make sense to anyone, and usually people just understand each other here."

"But... It's paradise, we worked hard so we could have this, not so we'd have to work more once we got here"

"That's just how it is. What you do with it is up to you. There's no hurry to decide, want a hand tidying up inside while you mull it over?"

"I... I think I'll be fine. Thanks Jacob."

I'd had to move a few times in life, cleaning a dirty house wasn't something strange or new. It certainly gave me a lot of time to think, moving debris, sweeping up crumbled drywall, washing sheets and carpets. I lost myself in the work as I pondered the absurdity of it all. I was interrupted by a knock at the door. Opening the door, I was greeted by Jacob once again.

"Was there something else?" I asked,

"No, just seeing how you're holding up after your first week"

"*Week?*" I started, but then stopped. It was a pretty large house, and I had managed to clean every room to a pretty reasonable degree, and the garbage pile in the back yard had gotten huge, now that I thought about it

"I... Guess I'm doing ok? I see what you meant about it being something to do." I sheepishly admitted

"Isn't it though?" he replied with a laugh,

"I-" My next sentence stopped. I'd never had an epiphany before, I wasn't even sure what I was feeling right now was one, but it felt like how I think one should feel, and that was good enough for me.

"You and the others, that help keep things in shape, can I help out?"

"No reason why not, find your second calling as a cleaner?" Jacob replied, I laughed.

"No, well, maybe, but, I just had a thought. Paradise is what we make of it, isn't it?" I asked, Jacob shrugged in reply

"Could be. Could also be we're all just wasting our Eternity."

"Well, why not? Isn't the thought of paradise a thing worth spending all eternity to strive for?" I replied, "We have an actual literal eternity. I just worked for a week straight, I don't feel tired, or hungry, or anything. We've lived our whole lives for this, what's a little longer in a place where time doesn't matter?"

I took a deep breath and finished

"We don't need God to do it. Lets build our own Paradise."