I had been on edge from the moment I woke up this morning. There was this odd ringing in my ears, and my heart was beating twice its usual pace. But then, how could I be calm, under the circumstances? I couldn't stop myself from glancing at the number every few seconds. 7212. How could this be? Had I really spent nearly 20 years reliving the same day? What possibly could have happened that I had to keep going over it, again and again? Certainly nothing good. Even the best day of my life I had only spent a week reliving. Even with the memory wipe, the novelty of it wore off. The repetition bleeds through eventually. Life was like music. It's the change you're looking for. That next note, and the one after that. You can play the same beautiful note forever, but after a while it's just noise.

No, something had gone wrong. So wrong that I had to fix it at all costs. What, though? All I had to go off of was that slowly escalating number. The only possible thing that could inspire change in the do-over. Well, that and the feeling of dread that endless repetition brings forth. I slammed my fist on the table. I wasn't going to figure anything out like this. I had to start talking to people. I had to figure out what was going to happen while I still had time to change it.

"Something wrong?" came a voice.

I looked up to see the tv repairman.
 
I hesitated, then, as casually as I could manage, asked him, "What's your number?"

"Eh?" He said, looking puzzled for a moment.

After my eyes flicked downward at my own number, he realized.

"Ah." He replied, his eyes flicking at an angle as well. "One. Not surprising, I say. Working early and all day? Not usually something I want to repeat, would I? How about you?"

I tried to force a smile on my face, but it came out as more of a grimace.

"I've been through it a few times."

The repairman was oblivious to my ill-attempt to hide my worry.

"Ah! You must be in for a treat! I always start feeling the butterflies once I hit a three or higher. Have fun for me, will ya?"

I gave a feeble nod in acknowledgement as he returned to his work. Whatever was about to happen, it seemed to be an isolated incident, to some extent, if the repairman hadn't chosen to repeat the day. Or something had happened where he couldn't.

I shook myself, trying to fight the anxiety. I would not find myself seeing the number 7213. This was the last time through this day, and to make sure of it, I had to act now. I had to do something I hadn't done in the last twenty years of living through this day. This meant I needed to piece things together with the only useful information I could get. The numbers.

I was starting to regret letting the repairman in. I was wasting valuable time. If I hadn't been awoken by his arrival - if I had a little time to process the situation I might have had the foresight to turn him away. I briefly considered just leaving him to his business, but dismissed the thought immediately. What if the thing that happened - was going to happen - was caused by leaving him alone in my house? I tapped my finger impatiently on the table. I needed a moment to think, anyway. I would accomplish nothing of use in my current state.

Half an hour after I had let him in he emerged from behind the television with a grunt.

"You're all set, Mr. Rhinehart."

"Please, it's Trevor", I said vaguely as he exited through the front door, saying something about a loose connection.

Determined to make some headway as soon as possible, I reached for the keys so I could leave as well. I fumbled with them as I tried to free them from the hook, dropping them in the end. As I stooped down to retrieve them, the ringing in my ears returned suddenly and much louder than before. A sharp pain stabbed through my head somewhere and images flashed before my eyes. I saw my keys landing on a cement floor. I saw a sign on a wall which read "TRINITY PARKING". There was a long row of cars, and a digital clock on the wall. 7:52, it shone in neon green.

Then, all at once, the images were gone, the ringing had stopped, and all that remained was a dull throbbing in my head as my entryway swam back into view. My hand was clasped around my keys, and I was still bent over. Breathing heavily I straightened up and looked at my watch. 7:33. 

Whatever that vision meant, it was unheard of, but I knew it had something to do with what was going to happen today.  Closing and locking the door behind me, I mustered up my courage. In less than twenty minutes, I would presumably learn more.

The number 7212 sat, foreboding, in the corner of my eye as I walked at a brisk pace away from my home. Tomorrow that number would read "1". I would make sure of that.