I’d played this scenario in my head a hundred times... As it was time to step into the pod, I wouldn’t be happier. I’d look around and everyone would appear nervous. Appear like they weren’t sure what the next 100 years would hold. They’d probably have every right to feel that way... but I wouldn’t. I’d be giddy as hell. I’d have waited 10 long years for that exact moment. Planned for it. Dreamt of it. Even lost my family because of it. I’d be ready...

You see, most people are normal. Almost all of them. I am not.

I’m not sure when I first noticed it, but it was early on. In elementary school we moved a lot, but I always laughed at my classmates. I wasn’t entertained by Pokémon or baseball cards or Legos. I was focused on academics. How do I get smarter? How do I beat the 5th graders as a 1st grader. It was weird, but it just felt so natural. Natural to me at least. 

In middle school I started to get odd looks. Teachers would point and stare. I knew that they were whispering. In hindsight, I wish it was because I was odd or needed help, but it was for an entirely different reason. I was smart. Smarter than them. If you’re not aware, that’s not a way to build goodwill amongst your peers or your teachers. Especially when you’re 12. 

In high school I blended in...or at least tried to. I played sports, lifted weights, dated girls, but couldn’t ever avoid the stigma. I was the smartest person in the room...in every room. Hell, I fucked our student teacher a couple of times because of it. 

College Chemistry? No problem. Calculus? How elementary. Physics? They hired me and called it an internship. The only thing I didn’t like doing was standing in front of my peers, so they made me take Theatre. Fuck them. Fuck Macbeth. 

When it was time to take the ACT, most people worried...I didn’t. I went out with my friends, drank too much whiskey, and showed up a little late. No problem. I could tell by the way the professor who handed it to me looked at me that she knew what I knew. No matter how red my eyes were, I’d be acing the test. She was right. She still talked about it every first day of school until “The Sleep”.  

In college, I had my choices. Penn, Stanford, Harvard, Oxford...you name it. Which university and their board could suck my dick hard enough to interest me. Honestly, none of them...

I was a poor kid from the Midwest. I wasn’t worried about money or job offers or networking. I could have gone to the local community college and nothing would have changed, but I went for the experience. Ate their fancy dinners, drank too much of their fancy wines, and sweet talked too many of their fancy wives. I never felt comfortable doing it, but it seemed to please them, so I did it anyway. 

After floating through the first few years at Harvard... I was approached one night and it caught me off guard. I’m usually in front of these things. I’m not usually caught off guard. 

I was on a late night run. One of those runs where the music kicks in and distance goes out the window. The headphones drowned out the deep sound of my breathing. I’d meant to turn around after 10 minutes, but there I was 45 minutes in staring at Fenway and staring at the Green Monster. 

Between strides, I thought back to my childhood. Thought of the Red Sox coming back from 3-0 vs the Yankees. Pedro. Manny. Papi. Damon. So many exciting moments. So many late nights. So many years ago. It made me think of my mom. Made me think of simpler times. 

Just as I looked away though and quit dreaming about those silly games ..I was grabbed. Before I knew it I was out. Everything went dark.

When I woke up, I was drowsy. My first thought was I don’t feel in control. I usually feel in control. 
 
The tall guy spoke up first. He told me thank you. Thank you for venturing so far. Thank you for being vulnerable. Then they mentioned their name and affiliation. I’d never heard of them, but apparently they had heard of me. They called themselves “The Legends”. The tall guy continued and I listened. He said, “Michael, thank you for messing up. You’ve completed our crew. It’s time to get started”.

I’d known that I was smart. Known that I was different, but I never imagined that anyone else was like me. Turns out, these guys were. They were all exactly like me. They had planned this all before I could ever think about it. Maybe that’s why I was the youngest. 

They told me that there was a big event happening exactly 10 years from this day. Of all the things I knew, I’d never heard of it. I guess the only class I’d ever been remotely less than exemplary at was history. Apparently our population was getting too big. We had too many people. Ate too much food. Had too much sex. The world was asking us to stop. Probably more appropriately, forcing us to stop. 

In 2028, everybody was expected to take a pill, fall asleep, and wake up in a hundred years. The natural resources would survive. We would survive. And the status of those who had fallen asleep would remain unchanged. When everyone woke up, the world would be fine. Almost the same as when we left it. It was a good plan. A good plan if it weren’t for us.

They pinned me for the chemistry part. They had built a pill that could defeat the monitor, but they hadn’t found a way to control its duration. Some people slept for 12 minutes. Some people slept for 12 years others for 120. That wasn’t good enough. They needed a fake, but it had to work. We had to wake up 30 minutes after everyone else went asleep. That was 5 minutes after any natural biological discrepancies could creep in. 

When I finally felt normal, we went to the lab. It was an easy fix really. I laughed in their faces as they begged me to explain the details. They’d added one too many sulfates and that was causing the discrepancy. After 10 minutes I had fixed it. The pill worked. Throw it in. Fall asleep. Wake up in thirty minutes. Now what..

The hard part was waiting. Most of this happened in 2018. I’d fixed the chemistry at the start of 2019. The Sleep wasn’t until 2028. 10 years of waiting? I can’t wait 10 minutes! 

The Legends forced me to act normal. Forced me to play the same role I have played my whole life, act like I’m not as smart as I am. They made me graduate. That was no problem. They made me take a job at Bain. That was no problem. They made me get married. I would have fought it, but she was so hot, that was no problem either. 

My wife was amazing. So was our wedding day, but I faced the same challenges most people do. I dealt with the sleepless nights of fatherhood. Dealt with growing apart from a woman I thought I loved. Even dealt with feeling incapable of doing a job I was more than capable and more then compensated for doing. The only problem is... most people feel hopeless when that happens. Some give up. I wouldn’t... my hope was on the horizon.

When the ball dropped on 2028 I watched from Times Square. The divorce was long final. Sure we were cordial, but we were far from in love. The sex was weird, but it felt good. The emotions didn’t. Somehow we thought it would help things, but we always left feeling worse than before. Despite that, she asked me to be there on the day. Asked me to walk with them to “The Sleep”.

As a man, it was hard. These were my kids. This was my ex-wife. We’d spent nights talking about the future and where it would lead us. I’d looked my children in the eye and told them it would be okay. Told them I’d be there for them. They didn’t know I wasn’t capable of falling asleep. Had no idea I built the pill that actually prevented it. 

When we got there, most of the country had already been put to sleep. They had built a system where they were funneling people in, making them take their pill, and putting them in their pod. It had worked flawlessly. The monitors told no lies. I’d heard from the rest of the crew, we were full go. I had no idea when or where we would meet up, but I had no doubt that it would happen. Hell, I’d built the thing, but that still didn’t calm the nerves. 

I kissed my girls goodbye. They’d had health issues as kids and I’d told them it’d be like that. Prick of the needle. Cold rush. Darkness. Then a little while later, awake. It was all true, except nothing would ever be the same when they awoke. 

After leaving them, I found my ex-wife. She kissed me unexpectedly. It was the first time I’d felt that kind of kiss since the day we got married. That tugged at my stomach. On a day where I was prepared, or at least thought it was, it caught me off guard. 

She asked me to go in with her. Apparently they had built pods for couples. The pods were entirely separate, but they had bridges in the middle. It allowed you to hold hands as you took the pill. Allowed you to wake up holding those same hands in 100 years. 

We walked to it slowly. Her nervous. Me faking it. Or at least trying to. Faking got harder when she kissed me. I was definitely nervous too. 

We crawled in. My first thought was that the cushion was cold. The kind of cold that freezes your whole body. That didn’t help with the nerves. A few seconds later, the lid slid down and the general voice counted down, “3...2....1... ladies and gentleman, boys and girls, please take your pill”. I looked at my ex-wife nervously. She looked at me confidently. We kind of smiled and took the pill together. Right before it entered her mouth, she winked. The same wink I’d seen a hundred times, but this one felt different. 

My eyes grew heavy. That cold rush hit me just like I had told my girls. All the sudden it was dark. Then....30 minutes later....just like I had programmed it to....I was awake. All of “The Legends” would be awake.