It all started wi' me best friend Josh.  Just to be clear, he didn't do owt.  All he did was hit me on the arm.  You know how kids are, well especially us boys, back then.  Pinch and punch, first of the month and all that.  Well he bruised me arm,  nowt really. Just a bit of blue and purple near me left shoulder, should go soon. But it didn't.  It stayed there for ever, took ages to go away.  Didn't think owt of it. Me Mam said it was me own fault for playing games loike that.  The bruise went away eventually.

Next thing that came up was me nose.  I'd had the odd nose bleed as a kid.  But running down the backs one day over the cobbles I lost me feet, went down pretty hard.  Skinned the palms of me hands and tapped me nose on't granite.  Well things aint right, had to take me to Hospital cos I wouldn't stop bleedin.  There was a nurse there I'll never forget, all starch and hair.  Well she started telling me mam that there summit wrong wi' me, I was too skinny fer me age or summit. Couldn't work out what she was so flummoxed about.  Well what with me mam wittering and me dad lookin worried they shoved me fullo-needles.  Course there was me reel mystified, not any clue bout wot was goin 'on loike.  Well then they comes back with the results, not a good time, I 'ad lookemia.  Seems it's a cancer, me bone marra ad gone all wrong loike.

Well here's me at fifteen an' there's the lass I had feelins for not givin' me the time o-day cos I'm missing me hair, can't play footie cos it hurts too much, and there's some bellend tryin to talk to me aboot feelin's.  Lookin' back, he wer a decent bloke.  Not easy tryin to talk to sum kid that the quacks gave 6 months to live.  He were from some charity that looks after kids they don't expect to live long.  Any way there's me and lookemia and a whole life of pain.  

'Bout the eighth time they shove the needles in for the chemo I notice her.  She looked loike some nurse that 'ad leveled up or summit.  Best way I can describe it was that she was more *there* than anyone else.  

Her name was sister Mercy, bloody stupid name for her.  Took me a while, but I got to seein' some patterns.  Well they had me full of kemo every week.  It wer nasty stuff, I always fell like shite after a course.  Well every week I noticed that this nurse would be reel kindly loike  to a few patients, an as sure as eggs they'd be door nails by end o' the week.  It reely didn't twig 'til she tried it on wi' me. The time she started on me was late on me Monday kemo session.  She came up to me in me hospital bed, all nice like an asking if I wanted owt.  Course I said nowt and let her wander off.  Didn't take long for me to feel like crap.  The more I sat there the the worse I felt.  Well I've always been a scrapper, and wot with fightin cancer I was tekkin no prisoners.  The ward nurse saw me thrashin around and yanking the needles out when she figured I weren't doin well.  Turns out that somehow the kemo medicine had been going into me well faster than it should.  Must have been some error.  

The next time was when there was some mix up on me fifth visit.  Thinkin back the best  I  can describe it was that there were some mix up with the bags that were on the end on the needles goin into me arm.  Not sure what all the faff was aboot, but me Mum told me that the mix up could ave killed me. I didn't get with the programme until I tried sneaking out for a quick fag out the back.  There's that quiet time between the cigarette comin out of the packet and lighting it that always seems nice and quiet to me .  Course this time I weren't lookin where I put me feet and wound up tumbling down the steps to the "smoking shelter" makin a right spectacle of missel.  Just as I am gettin back on me feet, smashed up fag packet an' all, when half hundred weight of brick comes rainin down on where I was stood.  Course I goes lookin up an there she is looking down, hopeful like.  Wish I could say that I gave her a movie wave an lit up cig loike, but all I could do was run back to me bed on the ward. Took me a while for the shakes to die down.  That's when I worked it out.  Yon nurse was tryin to kill me, stuff that, no way was I goin easy.  Here was me tryin to live past fifteen, and there she was tryin to make sure I didn't.  

Fuck that, game on bitch.

(Too late here to continue, will hopefully write part 2 when I can.)