The letters. The damned letters found me every year. Last year I spent the whole month of August deep sea fishing, miles away from shore and technology, to for once avoid this cyclic event that haunts my otherwise normal life. But again, it didn’t work. 3 days into the trip I open my tackle box. (A box I had packed myself and checked twice before departing) Staring at me, neatly wound into the ad hoc assortment of tools and tackle, which one in my predicament would find useful, was the damned letter. Same eggshell envelope, same red lettering on the front. The name “The nomad” is something I have become numb to seeing at this point. For 34 years I have received this letter in August. Every time since the first has read “see you in 35 years” but with the number going down each year. It’s now been 35 years, and I fear this is the last envelope that will be opened by myself. With hesistance in my eyes I turn back to the letter sitting in the top of the box. “I guess it is time to finally see the truth” I grumble as I rip open what has become the bane of my entire existence. “See you tomorrow” ....this statement is all that is enclosed. I chuckle remembering my preparations for this event. “He is going to have a hell of a time finding me” I chuckle to myself as I throw away the letter like I had the others. I had chartered boats from both coasts of the United States in an attempt to throw of whomever may be in cahoots with this deranged pen-pal of mine. I climb onto my bunk and let out a relaxed sigh, knowing that any visitors would have to have swam for miles through freezing waters to harass me. I shut my light out above my bunk and am elated at the prospect of undisturbed and unburdened sleep. Something I have wished for since I was old enough to remember stress, or anxiety from this situation that I’m currently in. I find myself wondering about who this mystery person really could be. My long lost father, some revenge being brought on me by my mother, the government, aliens, I was at an empass. Regardless, I make my way to sleep. The next morning I wake but am no longer on my boat. I am in a room, metallic walls, fluorescent lighting and what I can only assume is military grade medical equipment all around me. I am strapped by what I can see are plastic restraint cuffs to a metal chair in the center of the room. Before I can completely get my bar rings a man walks into the room, shuts the door and lays a folder on the table. He is tall, tattooed and bearded. Tactical pants and a collared under armor shirt seemed to be his uniform. I can tell he is formally military, the beard and the demeanor are leading me to believe he was more active than most. Probably a tier 1 or 2 teammate. He lights a cigar right in front of my face and lets out a chuckle. “You should see yourself bub, you’ve lost it” are the next words directed towards me. Should I know you? I bellow towards this monster of a man. “You used to before your accident, then you went all rogue on us, disappeard and don’t even truely know who you are anymore.” Who I truely am? What does this guy think he’s....(boom) he drops the folder in front of me. It’s pictures of New York. He tells me a great catastrophe has happened and I am only one who can save those who are defending our world. I ask no more questions except one as I stand up. Do you have a shield for me sir? He laughs as he throws the object at me and I catch it like it’s a second part of my own body. “ don’t call me sir captain, Logan will do just fine. Let’s go save the damn world.”