Jessica skipped into my room, slammed her hand down on my alarm clock. “This thing has been beeping for 20 minutes!” She scowled. “Are you EVER getting up?”
I blinked my eyes open. A sudden piercing pain coursed through my consciousness. I moaned, rolled over.
“You’re supposed to take me to the zoo today, but you’ll never wake up! It’s 8:45! And you said we could have pancakes before! You promised!”
I tried opening my eyes again. They felt strange. Foreign. My head was spinning.
Jessica made a quick leap across my body, landing on the bed next to me, her face even with mine.
“Holy shit,” she mumbled softly.
“What?” I asked, blinking into the bright light.
“Your eyes are freakishly swollen. You look like some kind of alien! What is wrong with you?”
I felt a sudden alarm. “I...I don’t know,” I stammered, rolling over and walking uneasily to my mirror. 
“Were you crying last night?”
“I...I don’t think so. What did we do?”
“We just watched that movie, with the monkey. That’s all. Then Mom said we’d better get to bed early, and Dad said nothing, like he always does. And that’s it. What’s wrong with you?”
I stared at my unfamiliar reflection. My eyes were mere slits in the bubulous flesh. My whole face an unnatural red. I could see so faintly, my forehead was almost touching the glass. Then a sudden blip in the corner of my left eye. 7212. What? How is that possible? I had never seen a number there before. I shuddered, walked back to my nightstand and put on my glasses. Jessica stared up at me, wide-eyed. “How about some pancakes?” I asked, smiling.

It was nearly two hours later before we stepped out into the warm summer air. The kitchen was such a disaster of egg shells and flour, I could already picture Mom’s angry face. I helped Jessica tighten her bike helmet around her ponytail. Made sure her water bottle and her tires were full. I couldn’t shake the premonition from earlier. 7212? What would make me repeat the same day so many times? I had never repeated a day before. Even though I was tempted, I was always scared I would mess it up the second time around. I shook the thought away, set my jaw, smiled at my sister. “You go first,” I told her. “That way I can see that you’re okay.”

It was two miles from our house to the zoo. A trip Mom never would have let us make before. But this summer was different. We were both teenagers, now. Jessica a vibrant and vivacious thirteen. Full of promise and energy. She saw only rainbows where I saw rainclouds. And me, the serious, responsible nearly sixteen. “Almost old enough to drive!” I thought proudly. In only a few weeks, I would be taking my test and heading off into the sunset, kissing this old bike goodbye! Or would I? I thought of that number again. 7212. I shook the thought, patted the $20 in my pocket. “I’m going to buy us an ice cream at the zoo,” I thought to myself.

The zoo was more magical and amazing that day than it has ever been before. The gorillas seemed to smile just for us. The penguins dove deeper than they ever had, bringing their fish to the surface to eat. And the newborn baby leopards rolled their ball between their paws, and climbed across their parents, and swatted at invisible enemies until Jessica and I fell over each other in tears of joy and hysterics. 

We ate chocolate ice cream cones as we slowly sauntered back through the maze to the entrance, taking one last stop at the koalas, her favorite. At our bikes, Jessica suddenly hesitated, turned to me thoughtfully.
“This was a really good day, wasn’t it?”
I nodded, looked at her intently.
“I hope...Well, I mean...do you think we will still have days like this when...when you start driving? ...You won’t forget about me, will you?”
I shook my head softly. “No. No. I will never forget about you. Besides...How could I? You never go away!” I kicked at her playfully.
Her eyes suddenly lit up and she laughed, pounced on her bike. “I’ll race you home,” she screamed.

I lept on my bike and raced after her. She bombed down the first hill, skidded a tight left around the corner, and pedalled furiously up the next hill. I raced right behind her, laughing furiously, shouting, “I’m bigger, faster, better! You’ll never escape me!” Her hair was loose now, flying behind her in a smooth sheet of black silk.

Time suddenly slowed. Jessica’s head turned to the right, shouting over her shoulder at me. Her red shirt glistened in the bright sunlight. Her fingers squeezed steadily, tightly on her brakes, her feet pressed back, legs flexed, those blue tennis shoes she just “had to have”. That hair suddenly flying in every direction…. And the truck’s horn blaring over the sound of squealing brakes, the fear frozen on the driver’s face as he caught sight of us, and the sick crunching sound of bone and metal as he crashed head-on, into my life. 