I shook my head, reviewing the pair of applications over the black frame of my glasses.

“None of this is going to do. For starters, I’m not even sure how to contact your references. Y’theth, the entirety of your subjugated pantheon is a poor choice for this section considering that they’re all bound to your will and unlikely to answer any questions honestly. Tacky. And as for you, sir or ma’am,” I gestured to the being on the right, a towering, faceted thing of ungodly shape and alien design. “I can’t even read this. You’ve filled out all of your forms, which I appreciate, but you’ve done it in a language made entirely out of colors - few of which I recognize.”

Y’theth rumbled viciously, his conical skull pulsating with what I assumed to be rage. An aura of ageless cruelty radiated from his vaguely humanoid form.

“Don’t be testy, Y’theth, this is my office. And my soul, mind you. You’ll not be reaping anything today with that kind of attitude.”

My office phone began to ring, and I put my palm out to silence the spasmodic flashing of the faceted creature.

“Peggy,” I answered quickly. “whatever it is, I’m sure it can wait.”

Y’theth fell into some form of convulsion, his spidery appendages lashing out from the gaping abyss of his torso and eerily testing the air.

“Y’theth agrees, it seems. Ha-ha! Genuinely, I really must call back after I sort this out.”

The phone clicked pleasantly as I placed it back onto the desk charger and turned my attention to the sulking spire of gemstone.

“Is there any possible way you could speak english?”

It answered with an irritated pinstripe pattern of two opposite but equally unfamiliar hues.

“A no, then. Y’theth, can you not translate?”

The eldritch horror on the left screamed at the top of its lungs, leaping atop my desk and scattering the majority of my reports. Its barbed limbs lurched powerfully forward, threatening to envelop me in the infinite darkness of Y’theth’s maw. I sighed as the stone pillar split cleanly into two wildly arcing pieces which, when linking together, formed a glittering portal that tore Y’theth from my desk - along with some irreplaceable paperwork - and spat him out into the seeming blackness of space.

I frowned.

“Not at all how I hoped to resolve this, but life is full of surprises. Did you have a consent form I could sign?”
