
*The clock can sing.*

*It sang, it sings, and it will sing again.* 

&#x200B;

“I’m sorry, Jack,” Clara said, “I don’t know why the clock would be singing.”

She was sneaky. Oh yes, yes she was. 

Jack smiled, "Ah, so you confirm that the clock *does* sing! You just don't know why."

Clara's short brown hair framed a lovely face, a face that had loved him once. Now it held only fear, fear of Jack the Apprentice. She was afraid of all wizards, and rightly so. Even wizard apprentices could be all sorts of trouble.

"I didn't." Clara sighed, plainly exasperated, "I didn't mean-"

"Thank you, Clara, that's all I needed to know," Jack said. He left the library with a smug look of satisfaction, jauntily strolling past his former acquaintances without a word.

*You are very sneaky,* Lemon said. Lemon was the man who lived behind Jack's ears. 

"Thank you, Lemon," Jack said. 

*It wasn't very nice tricking her like that. I already told you about the clocks anyway.* 

"I had to be sure," Jack answered, "You haven’t always been so easy to trust." 

Lemon muttered a few choice words and sullenly slipped away. That should keep him silent for a little while. 

If I'm going to accomplish all of Master Elday's tasks for this week, Jack thought, I'll need to interrupt the time continuum before Wednesday at the latest. 

In theory, it was a simple matter of quantum time magic. Consider an hour at a party vs an hour doing chores. Or rather, think of how long an hour drags on for a child vs an hour for an adult. The 60 minutes in each scenario are static, yet relative to each other one finds they are vastly unequal. Therefore, if a motivated wizard could establish the quantum constraint of each minute spent at a party as roughly equal to the relative length of a minute spent scrubbing dishes, he/she could make the party *feel* two or even three times longer than it really was. That’s in theory, of course, as the amount of raw energy necessary to extend even a single minute would be staggering.

Jack wanted to go even further than that, he wanted to alter the quantum time level of an entire day. The issue would be gaining access to an energy source powerful enough to unhinge a universal constraint (such as time). 

The key to it all, Lemon had told him, was to "remind the clock to sing." But what did that mean? What song could time hold in its heart?

The sand beneath Jack’s bare feet was warm. He had forgotten to wear his sandals again, it seemed. 

Warm sand....sand that had warmed....warmed by....

His neck dropped back to let him stare into the shining morning sun. A wild idea sprang to him, almost startling Lemon awake. Jack grinned, he hoped this would be a wonderful surprise.

He cupped his hands above his head like a child trying to catch rain. "Bel'avanor Setovna Bravacator," Jack shouted. 

Nothing. Jack raised his hands higher. He had to grit his teeth to keep from turning his eyes away from the searing brightness of the sun. 

"BEL'AVANOR SETOVNA BRAVACATOR!"

It started as a trickle, a little piss of sunshine.

Then Warmth began to flood into his hands. Encouraged by the simple siphoning spell he had chanted, a radiant stream of liquid light filled him. The sand beneath his feet heated until it began to smoke. 

*Yes, yes, yes! Very clever, OH SO CLEVER,* Lemon moaned. He was enraptured by the light, coaxed into a state of sheer bliss. 

"There he is," A voice shouted behind him. 

Six gaunt librarians formed behind Jack, ready to charge. In front of them stood Clara, pointing a crooked finger his way. 

"He's gone mad," She yelled, "We have to stop him before he-"

Jack stopped listening. He shook with sardonic laughter. With the power that filled him, not even Master Elday could have stopped him. 
  
The librarians ran at him with blind abandon. Rage and terror spurring on their every step. 


*They think they can stop us! Ha! What fools,* Lemon screeched. Jack could not end his internal laughter long enough to respond. *How silly!*

He raised a hand toward the pack and six bookworms became six pillars of fire.

*Fools, what fools!*

Lemon laughed maniacally within him, drowning out all other senses.

"What have you done," Clara pleaded, "What are you trying to do?"

Jack wished he could stop laughing so he could answer her. Instead he let Lemon take use of his voice.

"*We are teaching Time her favorite forgotten melody, dear soon-to-be-dead, Clara,"* He yelled.

The ground began to shake as Jack channelled the energy within him. It wasn't enough, he needed more power. 

A raging torrent of light rushed into him, and Jack channelled it instantly to batter at the door of time. He felt his skin begin to boil, it wasn't painful, just odd. Like a cold shower, Jack thought. 


*MORE, JACK. MORE,* Lemon hissed. 


As he reached the limit of what he could hold of the sun’s power, Jack finally heard the wonderous, mournful, lullaby of time. It washed over him, coating him in smooth splendor. The song soothed away his fears, his pain, his doubt. Lemon sang along gleefully.

Time slowed to a drip. Jack smiled as he set the quantum time level as low as his power would allow. 

For what felt like eons, he listened to Lemon's song. And all of that long eternity, Clara wept. 