Hmmm...you think to yourself, this is a tricky one. The girl was clearly too young to summon The Devil let alone be granted a favour from him, but here she was, staring at him down, head up, chin out. She was 7 years, 3months and 14 days old. The minimum age he could deal with was 8. That is what was agreed to by The Devil and God Almighty in the "Consorting with Humans Act 20,000 BC". Roger allowed himself a moment to remember the good old days when it was a free for all. Any small curse from any aged human could call upon his Master, or Roger in his place if The Devil was busy. Fun fun fun. Now though, he was constrained. He took a breath and made to leave but the girl seemed to sense it and put her hand on his arm.

It was a first for Roger. Yes, he had had physical contact with a human, but that was more carnal contact. Or pleading, grabbing his clothing and sniveling and pleading for their lives. Crying about not really understanding a contract or hidden clauses or some such rubbish. He was a demon, what did they expect? But this girl, this girls light touch conveyed a strength of soul that he hadn't felt in a number of human generations, and never in one so young. She also radiated, well, goodness. That wasn't suprising though, humans this young were hard to corrupt fully, even if they have a horrible life. 

Her father roared for her again. He was drunk, mad about loosing money at a card game, ashamed of losing face to his work buddies...ready to show someone just how strong he was. Roger knew that he beat the girl's mother regularly, had beaten her older brother so bad he had been hospitalised recently and had now turned his attentions to his daughter. ALL of his attentions. Roger smiled. He really was a bad man. A quick check showed he was due for collection on December 12th, 2020. Plenty of time to cause more pain, more destruction, get him a pass to one of the lower levels. Yes, Roger thought, he is wonderful. Just the kind of human that had been passing the Gates of Hell since Hell began. The "Bread and Butter" of the trade, along with a few other regulars. Murder, Rape, not repaying a death debt. Most humans had forgotten about that one. If you kill someone accidentally, you have to recoup the victims family. Modern thinking had swept that under he carpet, and in so doing, sweapt many people into hell. Roger smilled again. But what to do here?

"What do you want?" He asked the girl.

"Make him stop." She pointed up the stairs of the basement they were in. The Father had started to yell at the Mother. Roger could feel the waves of hate radiating from the woman, the shivers of dispair. She was an undecided. Half and half. A few more years dealing with her husband should see her on the books. 

"You're a good girl...you believe in God and The Devil. Why have you not asked God?" Roger loved toying with the humans. God never made house calls. Even his proxies preferred to appear only to a select few who then passed on his message to the masses. He lacked the personal touch. 

"I have asked God every night that I can remember. Every day, Daddy is still mean and hurts us all. I think God is busy helping people who need more help. I have to help myself." 

The girl's spirit shone pure and bright, enough that Roger felt slightly queasy. Children. Revolting lot. He was now decidedly sick of her.

"I can't help you. Go along to Daddy now like a good girl, I hear him calling." 

True enough, the Father had began to beat the Mother. When he was done, he'd come for the girl .

"I'll do whatever you tell me too." the girl said through tears. "You don't have to do anything, just tell me what I have to do." 

Roger looked more closely at the girl. He hadn't bothered to run a check on her as she was just oh, so, pure...but something made him doubt himself. He took a moment to check the records and...hmm...she was also an undecided. Not usual for one this young. Usually untill at least 10 children were a cert for upstairs but something about this child was different. Not a first, but not common. 

Roger though for a moment and a plan of action took shape. Yes, he thought, this will do nicely.

"If you want him to stop hurting your Mother, your Brother, you, your neighbor's daughter, your 2 cousins and a colleague at work, you have to take a great big, sharp knife and stick him in his heart."

The girl gulped. 

"I have to kill my Daddy?" A year rolled down her plum little cheek.

"Yeeesss my dear, darling girl. You have to kill your Daddy."

He was gambling big here. If his gamble didn't pay off, Collections would be very annoyed at having to collect early, and Claims would have his ass for the loss in future stock. But...he had a feeling. 

"That's all I can tell you. Do it or don't. Daddy's calling..."

Roger disappeared from sight, but stuck around to see what happened. The girl stood for a solid minute, her young mind trying to process all that he had told her. He suspected his revelation of all of her Father's other victims had made a big impact on her. She turned and walked up the basement stairs. Her Mother was screaming at her Father; her Father was beating her Mother. The girl went into the kitchen, climbed into a chair and pulled a large knife out of the knife block. Roger smiled.

The girl walked into the living room where her Mother was being beaten on the couch. Her Father had his back to her. She caught her Mother's eye, showed her the knife...and winked. She had a glint in her eye. Roger grinned. He had seen that look before. The girl's Mother took a backhand to the side of her head and a punch to the gut. Somehow she managed to kick the Father, knocked him off balance. He fell on his back, hitting his head on the corner of the coffee table on the way down. The girl moved in, sitting on his lap. He groaned, the combination of alcohol and head injury making him slow and groggy.

"It's ok Daddy." The girl smiled sweetly down at him. "I'll make it all better." The knife slide into her Father easily. It was sharpened regularly by her Father, just incase someone got into the house. He needed to be able to defend himself. It grated on a rib and the girl pressed more of her weight onto it. The Mother dragged herself off the couch to sit beside the Father. She took the girl into her arms and looked at the knife protruding from her husband's chest.

"Help...me" he gurgled.

The girl looked at her Mother. They both looked at him.

"Ok hunny, I'll help you."

She pulled the knife out, blood spurted out after it in a pulsing wave, slowing...slowing...stopped.

Roger checked the records. No longer undecided. These 2 were at the start of a journey that would see mayhem and destruction follow in their wake. Collections would forgive him this transgression, Claims would make him their poster boy for the next 15 years or so and The Master ...well, he might give Roger a smile. 

Roger appeared and showed himself to the Girl. He winked, she winked back, that same glint in her eye. 

Yes, he thought, I have seen that look before. Charles Manson. He killed people, yes, but his real worth to Hell was the number of people he corrupted. This little girl had the potential to be worse again, with the help of her Mother of course. 

Today was a good day.

Edit: word discrepancy and spelling. Still not perfect but readable.