"Remember, any heroic actions should be reported to the Supreme Leader or any of his agents immediately," the propaganda signs blared day in and day out.

I remember when our Captain Crimson fought our current Supreme Leader, The Shadow, daily.  I remember when the sun shone through the skies before dark clouds and giant skyscrapers blotted it out.  I remember when things were easy.  

Of course, I was young at the time.  Back then, it seemed nobody could be a superhero except, well, Captain Crimson.  But things change, I guess.  I know my boy did.  

It all started when he was very young, still a  baby.  He knew how to walk within his first few weeks, talking within the first year.  I knew something was special about him, but Jill and I never thought much of it until he turned ten.  

He started talking about "a greater good" and "stopping Shadow's reign", but I never thought he'd try to do anything about it.  

Then, on his eleventh birthday, he went out with some friends and destroyed a police station.  I didn't oppose it (they're monsters, after all), but Jill was furious.  I remember that night.  When he came home.  When everything changed.  

"What were you THINKING, young man?!" Jill shouted at him.  
"Mom, we gotta do something," Trent replied.
"How DARE you!  How DARE you oppose the Supreme Leader," she screamed.  
"I love you mom.  I know it used to be better.  I just want to make it better," he said, a single tear coming from his eye.  His face grew as red as a tomato, a frown permeated across it.  
"Hon, he meant well," I told her. 
"You know who meant well?  Captain Crimson!  Where is he now?"
We all knew where he was.  The Shadow had planned a special kind of torture.  Each day, he'd watch someone from his city be tortured, then killed.  At least, those were the rumors.  Nobody knew for sure.  
We argued about what happened for the rest of the night, till the morning, when Trent had to go to school.  He packed up, then left.  
"We need to make sure he doesn't do anything else like this," Jill murmured.  
"What if... What if it's good that he does this?  What if we help him?  What if he beats The Shadow once and for all?"
"Alex, don't talk like that.  You know where that'll get you."  
She didn't remember the good times.  I was eight when it all ended, but she was only four.  She had no idea how it was like before.  I did.  I knew that we had to something.  
"Well, hon, I dunno.  Maybe it's a phase.  Maybe he'll get it out of his system then live like the rest of us."
"I don't want him to die, Alex."
"Me either, hon.  Me either."  I held her in my arms for a few hours.  
*He's the next Captain Crimson.  He'll beat The Shadow this time.  We all will.*
I sat in my bedroom for the rest of the day, wondering what to do.  
*Help, or stay safe.*
*Help.*
*Stay safe.*
*Save my son.*
*Help him save the world.*
So I decided that I'd help him do the best he could do, whether Jill liked it.  It's been ten years since I made that decision.  Now, there's a civil war between us and them.  They want the Supreme Leader to stay.  They're all indoctrinated.
Jill is with them.
Trent is with me, only now he's known to the world as Sunbeam.
Sunbeam will save the world.
*We* will save the world.  
