"I'm sorry... what?" I looked at my client dumb struck. 

"I don't want in." He said. 

I looked over to my assistant and she just shrugged. "You don't want into Heaven?" He nodded. "You realize there's only one other option... Hell. No in between, no reincarnation, no... whatever else you may be thinking. Heaven or Hell." 

"Yes. Eternal separation from God..." 

"Yes... Listen..." I was at a loss for words. Never had I had a client who didn't want in, most pleaded for me to find a way. Either you were in or out, and those in the gray zone saw people like me who helped decide one's fate, and given a choice, most... everyone until now, wanted Heaven. Most of the time I got them in, some I couldn't, but I was the best at it, ask any of the other afterlife lawyers... except Carl, he's held a grudge against me for reasons beyond the scope of this story, and might not answer honestly. 

"You know that quote that is miss-attributed to Gandhi?" He looked at me pointedly. 

"Umm... which one?" I had an idea, but didn't want to risk showing ignorance, but he didn't take the bait to give me the answer, so I had continue. "Something along the lines of him liking Christ, but not Christians as they are very unlike their Christ." 

"That's the one", he beamed. 

"You are turning down eternity, in Heaven, because of Christians?" I looked at my assistant again, and she nodded. 

"Charlotte was telling me how she's gathering all these stories of people who are refusing entry because of Christians. She's been doing it for decades... Have you honestly never heard about these people? It's super common... it's one of, if not THE biggest reason people loose faith in Him. Most of them just don't get to our doors." She seemed so unfazed about it all. Had I actually been that far out of the loop? 

"It's all just praising Him, 24/7 anyhow right? What sort of paradise is that?" He asked. 

"What? No, you will feel compelled to praise Him almost all of the time, but you'll have plenty of time for doing whatever else you'd like." I recalled a distant thing that some who didn't make it were under the impression it was like a slave state here, where you had to just sing His praises at all times for all eternity. 

"Compulsion, requirement... Nearly the same thing. And it's not a literal lake of fire, and all that in Hell, right?" 

"Not the same thing at all... and no not literal, Jesus was giving an allegory of what separation from God would be like, so not a literal lake of fire, just eternal separation from Him." I could tell that I wasn't about to sell him on entering, and it wasn't like there was a quota. "Look, if you don't want in, I won't force the issue. I can say you would qualify, I can get you in, but if you want to walk out and go down the path to Hell, that's your choice." 

He stood and stretched out his hand. I shook it. "Thank you for your time and offer, but I'd rather spend Eternity in Hell then be around those who call themselves Christian for all Eternity, people who thought LGBQIA people were evil and beneath them, who ignored science, who hated the needy and poor, but loved the rich... who were very unlike Christ..." With that he smiled and wondered off. 

So there you go Charlotte, another one for your growing list of people who turned down eternity in Heaven. I'm curious to hear back from you on what you've found, and what you think. What do you think we can do to stop this migration from His glory, what sort of messaging we need to deliver to them on Earth. 

To be fair, most of the people I got off prior were Christians who used the Lord's name in vain, which wasn't what they thought, they thought it was saying "God dammit" or uttering "Jesus Christ" as a curse, but it was rather being a very poor witness, doing actions in the name of Christ while being un-Christ like. They got in, but they'd fall short during the Judgement Seat of Christ. So I guess I get it, those sorts of people are perhaps the cause? I'm not sure how to reach those still on Earth to get them to reverse course, to actually show the Love of Christ and stop being bigoted and hateful, to help the needy, the sick and poor, to stop desiring to be wealthy, to start being good stewards of the Earth. So tell me, Charlotte, what do you think? You've studied this longer, you must have some ideas. 