"David, Welcome. How nice of you to join me."

David Blaine slowly woke up in the centre of the room. The floor was moving ever-so-slowly in on itself, and spikes were gradually coming out of the walls. He got up to his feet, briefly stumbling, then managed to stay upright. 

"Now now, Blaine," Jigsaw said in his secure room, watching the events unfold through the various monitors perched around the room, "let's see you get out of this one."

David looked around, gradually becoming more alert. He then put a hand to his ear. "You getting that?" he asked, then smiled. "Perfect."

Jigsaw cocked his head to the side. Had he drugged him too much? Or was he trying to play mind games?

David then regurgitated a small camera, holding it up to point at his face. "I'm David Blaine, and for my next trick," he said to the camera, "I allowed myself to be drugged and kidnapped by Jigsaw. And now I'm going to break out of his trap."

Jigsaw sat there in silence. This had to be a trick.

"It seems to be some kind of moving room," David said, as he watched the spikes slowly approach him from all sides. "No visible escape that I can see. Spikes are definitely real.

"You call yourself an illusionist," Jigsaw said, finding an opportunity to take back control of the situation, "but what happens when you're faced with *reality?*"

"Oh, that's cute," David said dismissively, as he looked around the room for a solution, an escape. "Is that seriously the best line you could come up with?"

Jigsaw was hurt. This wasn't how this was supposed to go at all. 

"Well I had to get something with you being a magician," Jigsaw said, almost apologetically, "and I figured the opposite of magic is-"

"*Please,* Jigsaw, is this just personal? This deathtrap doesn't have your usual finesse," David said, as the walls closed in, "where's my 'out'? Are you just planning on killing me outright?"

Jigsaw had had enough. He was planning on toying with him, on having him slowly realise that there was no escape - none at all. But he'd ruined his fun already. 

He grabbed a lever and thrust it forward, speeding up the spikes dramatically. 

David saw it coming too late, and as he crouched the spikes slammed into him, piercing his flesh and bone. His scream was cut short as the walls closed in on him all at once, crushing him into nothing.

Jigsaw gradually let out a sinister, maniacal laugh. David Blaine been bluffing all along. And he'd been bested - by the best there was. 

His laughter subsided when he noticed a reflection in the monitor. He felt a movement, ever so slight, behind him. And suddenly, he knew he'd lost. 

"But how did you do it?" Jigsaw asked, feeling a spike prick against his neck.

"Now now," David said with a smile. 

"*A magician never reveals his secrets.*"

*****

*****

If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 

I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3