It's been three years since I woke up not understanding anything. Only the word Jonathan that was it, which is why I start by saying it's been 3 years, because I had to spend that time to relearn everything since childhood. How to speak read write, how to walk and not soil myself... I'm quite proud I managed to learn in those three years what it takes most people 10-12 years to learn. Sadly from what the girl Alice who has cared for me and taught me I'm in my 30s approaching 40 so I've still got a way to go.

Ever since I woke up Alice has been caring for me, once I learned to talk I found out she's been my maid since I was 20 and started studying magic, which is odd because she must be 3-5 years younger then me a strange choice for a maid but she's very kind and has beautiful eyes so maybe my motives weren't very pure in hiring her, I don't know I never know. There was two years worth of journals after I hired her and she was mentioned a good deal but nothing about why I hired her

From what I've read in the books that cover every inch of my house memories are the cost of magic, it's uncommon but not unheard of for people or groups of people to use all their memories like I have for impossible magic. The reason it's uncommon is there are few things even a group of mages can grant with this exchange that are worth losing a lifetime of learning and memories. Death can't be changed for instance. Also the reason I have  my name still is because it's considered a keystone of the psyche, giving it up is equal to becoming a vegetable with no chance of recovery like I did.

To try to regain what I lost as fast as possible I began reading my journals, every mage keeps them from the moment they are found to have magic, some start early in hopes of being chosen. I'm not sure about mine according to them I'm the most famous mage on earth I've saved it countless times because I'm so in tune with magic I used almost no memories. I know this because the lost memories are circled and dated to later volumes of my diary. I don't know if it's true though I asked Alice about one event and she doesn't remember it, I haven't brought the rest up because I hate to think I've been writing about how great I am and things I haven't done in my own diary. I don't like to think I'm that kind of person and I can't stand the thought that Alice would see me that way.

The problem with the journals is they're all missing two years after I hired Alice, all of them. From my research notes, which I barely understand I was working on a way to push the amount of magic per memory to the utmost limit. I guess I succeeded based on my frantic half journal half notes that made up the end of my research, for some reason I don't think I was entirely sane by the end of it. I'm possibly the most powerful mage there is and found a way to get the most power from memories and gave everything I was, what did I do? 

I don't regret losing my memory despite not knowing what I did I only have one regret. I always have a ring on I never take it off, ever. Its on my left hand Alice tells me it's a wedding ring but she doesn't know who I married, in the time period of the missing journals I came back wearing it but we never talked about it apparently. Alice doesn't have a ring she's in her 30s now and quite good looking I find it odd she's single but I feel like it would be rude to ask why. 

As I'm looking at the ring I can't help but wonder I've read all the materials and journals I have that talk about my life but it never comes up, and it's the only thing that suggests there was someone who cared about me. Thinking this I can't stop feeling of happiness and despair from hitting me and for the first time in three years I take the ring off, I can't stand seeing it right now but as I go to throw it in a drawer I see writing inside it. The writing doesn't look as old as the ring and I curse myself for not thinking that I left myself a message on the only thing I always wear. It reads "they're hidden in the north cellar wall, for her." 

Alice is out shopping so I'm home alone but I can't wait I rush down there and the wall is seamless but there an x shaped scratch that looks like regular wear and tear. I can't contain myself I go to the small barn outside and get a pick axe, I can tell I didn't exercise much when I was me because despite my manic fury it takes and hour to break a hole in the wall big enough to extract a chest. I hurry upstairs despite my trouble breathing and open it. All my missing journals and the important research notes. I can barely contain myself, I start at the end final journal and the research notes, I have to know what I did and why, I have to know who "she" is on my ring.

Research first I think it will answer the most, my magic research is brilliant even to someone who knows nothing about magic, like me. I invented a way to not only use my memories as fuel but other people's memories of me. Alice didn't remember me saving the world because no one does, the sheer magnitude of Magic that memories of everyone on earth forgetting I saved the world scares me and I remember the countless stories of my deeds I had saved the world so many times, what did I do to lose everything I was? The notes don't say the only thing I can tell is Alice's memories of being my maid where intentionally excluded from the spell, I knew I would need her or I would've died here unable to walk or feed myself, completely forgotten.

I never cared about what happened before, I was a child and in many ways Alice has been my mother I was content but now I need to know, what took the power to extinguish the stars in the sky that I was willing to trade everything for, was it this woman I can't remember? Did she live here? Alice's memories can't be trusted she most likely knew her but from my notes I can tell those memories had to go, love is the most powerful emotion and those memories the ones we don't want to let go, the strongest. Whatever I needed this power for the girl I loved had to be forgotten.

I begin reading the last journal I had but immediately noticed something wrong it was dated 5 years before I lost my memory. It was like the ravings of a lunatic I was right I wasn't in my right mind. My wife, I was married, had been killed and I was trying to bring her back. the enormous amount of power was to defeat death the missing years I did nothing but my research. It's strange the more I find out the more I need to know I never refer to my wife by her name I can't seem to bear it some pages are ripped out or burnt saying I wasn't in my right mind seems generous 

Finally I get to the last page and it seems I regained myself once my work was complete because the writing no longer looked like deranged scribbles but my old slow thought out cursive. It took time to adjust back and read it and shocked doesn't describe what I felt reading the one line I had written  "my dearest Alice, i have done all I can and am finally ready if I fail I will die here forgotten I don't know if there is an afterlife but if I cannot bring you back I hope to see you there. eternally yours Jonathan"

It's like my brain is working in overdrive as I read through the rest of my journals our first date the first time we made love when I proposed our marriage everything was there in such detail I felt like I hadn't forgotten at all I was completely lost in these books I valued beyond life itself. Suddenly I was woken from my dream by a clang as I opened the last book looking down I see another ring that has been between the pages as I pick it up I hear the door opening, Alice is back with the groceries.

She has such a kind motherly nature when she sees me she drops the bags and runs over asking if I'm alright, I look quite bad covered in dirt and dust and thinking from her view I'm like a child. When she's next to me I look up I grab her left hand pressing it against my face and say "I'm so glad you're back" before she can ask any questions I slide the ring onto her finger and release her hand saying "I found out who I am."

She doesn't remember, she can't, but I guess somewhere not in the mind, maybe the heart, seems to because she starts crying.
I hand her the first missing volume of my journal saying "i don't want to give you any spoilers because these are the best books you'll ever read" 

We have so much to talk about but finally 8 years 3 months and 14 days after she died finally we are together again. My name is Jonathan my wife is Alice. For her I have given everything I am, I have done the impossible and defied death itself, and I would do it all again.