*First time ever posting here so be gentle. Also, I wrote it late last night so it's probably full of grammar problems and bad typos (typed on iPad screen keyboard).*

&#x200B;

My name is Adam Adams. No, I’m not making that up, my parents thought it was funny as hell and I’ve bee paying the price for 32 years. I used to be a web designer. I wasn’t a very good one, but it paid the bills and I got to tell people I was a designer, which sounded kind of cool. I say I used to be a web designer because I’m not one anymore.

Three years ago, I was abducted by aliens.

I know what you’re going to ask and yes, they probed me… places. I’d rather not talk about it, thank you very much. I mean, there I was, walking across the parking lot to my car when this bright light flashes overhead and suddenly I’m floating. Dropped two bags of groceries. Eggs splattered all to hell. I never got reimbursed for those groceries either. The whole experience was downright rude.

Anyway, the aliens that abducted me, Briixzt and Kleex, were in, well, the closest thing I can think of to describe it is a frat. A space frat. Yeah, yeah, yuck it up. It’s easy to laugh when you’re not the one who got probed (not that I want to talk about it). Briixzt and Kleex were doing some sort of frat initiation and apparently is sort of a thing to kidnap people from the parking lots, trailer parks, and corn fields of Earth and probe them. Down there.

When they were done–and did I mentioned they filmed it?–they dropped me back off on that beautiful little blue and green planet… Claxus 9. Sigh. I didn’t speak a word of High Claxus (or Low Claxus) and I was really stuck. I managed to get a job as a zoo exhibit and the zoo even brought in a linguist who knew English. Don’t ask me how because he wouldn’t say where he learned it. At least I *think* it was s he. He stood about eight feet tall, hairy as could be, with four giant legs and two arms. He looked a cross between a grasshopper and a bear.

We got off on the wrong foot when I jokingly told him that maybe he should be the zoo exhibit. I mean, come one, if I could have a sense of humor about the situation, you think he could lighten up s little, but nooo.

The linguist, his name was unpronounceable, asked me what humans did and I told him we mostly worked on computers and watched tv. He asked me if I did anything unique and I told him I was a web designer. He shook his head and relayed this information to the zookeeper assigned to me. The zookeeper said something to the linguist and the linguist laughed. I was starting to get annoyed by the whole ordeal.

That evening they brought me a computer, a desk, and a chair. And a plate of food that looked like little purple tentacles and that were wriggling around on the plate. They put up s good fight and they were a bit chewy but they definitely tasted like chicken. The computer I couldn’t do anything with. It was alien. I didn’t even know how to turn it on until I kicked the desk in frustration. The kick didn’t do anything but the table that looked like wood felt harder than steel. I yelped, grabbed my foot, lost my balance, fell over on the computer, and heard a startup chime. Then slid off and landed heavily on the floor.

I heard a laugh from outside my cage and turned to see the zookeeper. I flipped him the bird. I really had just about had enough. I sat back down in my chair and looked at the computer. I scratched my head. There was no keyboard or mouse. Just a screen with a bunch of funny symbols on it. On a hunch I touched one of the symbols on the screen and the damn computer turned off again.

Fuck it, I thought. I’m going to sleep.

The next day I awoke to a lot of noise. Groggily, I rubbed my eyes and thought what a strange dream I had. Then I sat up and looked around. Not a dream. There were aliens of all shapes and sizes around my cage, looking and pointing. A pair of strange, scaly, giraffe-like aliens each used a pair of tongues to communicate with a form of sign language. A family of bug-like aliens the size of pygmies were taking a group selfie with me in the background. One of the kids turned around and threw some kind of red plant at me. It smelled like cabbage so I threw it back at him, but missed and hit one of his parents. They stormed off.

Most of the aliens got bored of watching me pretty quickly since I didn’t do anything. This fat blue guy came by three times though. The third time, he stood there for a good fifteen minutes. It was getting dark and traffic was thinning out. I figured it was close to closing time. When there was nobody else around my cage, he approached the bars

“Hey, what’s your name?” He said in perfect English.

My jaw dropped. The blue guy looked around and asked again. “What’s your name?”

“Adam,” I said.

“How’s the zoo gig working out for you, Adam?”

I shrugged. “The tentacles are tasty.”

He nodded like I had said something sage. “High aspirations.”

I think he was mocking me but he was an alien, so who knows.

“Well, Adam, my name’s Bob and I’m a Genie.”

“Look,” I said. “In the last 24 hours I’ve been abducted, probed, abandoned, and put in a zoo. I don’t need to be screwed with anymore today.”

“I’m not screwing with you, Adam. My name really is Bob.”

“Fuck off.”

“Okay,  but I was just going to offer you one free wish, on the house. Thought it might help you out.”

“Oh right, genies are real and they can grant wishes. Do I look like an idiot.”

Bob scratched his blue ear. “Well, from a galactic standpoint, yeah, you kind of do. I mean the only job you could get was as a zoo animal, that’s not exactly a high IQ occupation if you know what I mean. Hell, it’s barely a step up from Web Designer.”

Adam banged his head against the bars of his cage softly.

“The place is closing, do you want the wish or not?” Bob said.

“Let’s say for a second that genies are real and that they can grant wishes–“

“They can.”

“Why would you just give them away?”

Bob shrugged. “Look, I do this favor for you and, if you’re able, maybe I can call on you for a favor sometime.”

“A-ha, I knew it was too good to be true! There’s always a catch.”

“Yeah Adam, I’m really screwing you over by offering you a free wish of literally anything in the universe. I’m a real asshole.”

“You make a good point,” I said. “Give me a million dollars. No! A billion dollars!”

Bob shook his head. “Have some imagination, man. Earth money is meaningless here. You’d end up wiping your ass with it,”

I nodded. “Give me a billion dollars and send me home.”

“I don’t do ‘ands’.”

Damn.

“Okay, just send me home,” I said.

“Really? You just got into space, met aliens, travelled halfway across the galaxy and you want to go back to earth? You must be some kind of big shot back there,” Bob said.

“I’m a web designer.”

Bob mouthed an “oh,” then burst out laughing.

I walked over to my bed and sat down to think.

The zookeeper came by and said something to Bob that I couldn’t understand. Bob said something back and they got into a heated argument with lots of arm waving. Finally, the zookeeper turned to me, said something in obvious disgust, and stormed off.

I sighed. “I wish I could understand what the hell everyone is saying,”

“Done!” Bob said. He smiled broadly, took a deep bow, and stroke quickly away.

What a crock I thought and I laid down while I waited for dinner to be served. I hoped it was tentacle.

&#x200B;

*Con't...*