Disclaimer: Not a native english speaker, so pardon my french. Enjoy!

...
Okay, long story short. I died and went to hell. I know, I know. It seems a bit excessive considering I was always a decent person. Okay, there was this puppy I accidentally ran over or that greedy manager guy for whom I bent the law a bit. Just a little bit, nothing extreme. Well, there was this other incident...okay...I spare you the details. 
To be honest, looking back I really do deserve hell. Ah, what can you do.
I just have this one tiny question. Where the fuck is everyone? I mean, the human history alone adds up to around 12.000 years. There had to be some dickheads that made their way down here. But all I see is emptiness. Not quite true. Satan is here, obviously. Playing a sad tune on a harmonica. Not quite what I was expecting.
He looked up and straight into my eyes. Now you would expect something along the lines of: His black eyes burned through my soul, tormenting me just by staring at me. But nothing of this nonsense. He looked rather sad. Poor guy. I almost felt sorry for him. Hehe, yeah, as if I would feel sorry for anyone. There was this poor fellow I sent to prison and thus destroyed his hopes and dreams for good. No regrets here. It was actually kinda amusing. This feeling of power never let me down. I don't bow to the law, it bows to me. But let us get back to the case I have in front of me. The devil himself, Satan, Lucifer, or whatever you wanna call him, talked to me:

"Ah, well, another one. Come on, say it."

"Say what?", I asked. 

"That you accept Jesus as your lord and savior. Say it and you get to heaven.", he replied. He didn't sound angry. His voice had a apathetic tone to it. 

"Wait, that's it? That is why no one is here?"

He groaned and looked down, shaking his head, muttering something under his breath. 

"Of course that's it! Do you believe anyone would want to stay in hell because they want to? I mean, yeah, we got a great landscape with hordes of demons, the tortured souls of the damned and hellfire. Sounds like a fucking holiday for the whole family, you idiot. You don't even have to mean it. I mean Mohammed went to heaven too. Was kinda pissed that he wasn't the prophet everyone is talking about but what can you do."

I went silent for a bit and assessed the situation at hand. I came to the conclusion that I had to do something. I mean, come on, helping the dark lord himself would earn me a great reward.

"Sounds like you are in a lot of trouble. But worry not, I am a lawyer. And considering I am in hell I did a mighty fine job, don't you think?"

"What exactly are you talking about?"

"There is this saying about playing the devil's advocate. In this case that is entirely true. If I may introduce my self, just in case you don't already know who I am. My name is Clyde B. Parker-Barrow, Lawyer. At your service."

The devil started to grin. He showed his yellow teeth and I could hear his roaring laughter as loud as a thousand bombs. 

"Oh my, you got a great sense of humor. I got nothing to lose now, right? How about a deal with the devil Mr. Parker-Barrow? I doubt any of use would regret it. And considering you are successful, there is no use in trying to fool you."

This might just be the greatest case any lawyer ever head. 

"Mr. Satan, we do have a deal. Let us sue god and win."

We shook heads and sealed our deal. The start of a great adventure. People despised me for a reason, but could never touch me. God is just another challenge I am willing to take on. I really am the devil's advocate.