Caleb is greeted by he usual drab sights as he is scanned into the barracks - painted cement block walls, dim incandescent lights, long corridors of marbled tile. It looked more like a prison than a research lab, but then again, it kind of was.


A tickling in his consciousness alerted him to the presence of Mondo, the resident telepathic spider. Why she had chosen the name Mondo for herself, Caleb had no idea, but she generally kept the place free of flies and other nuisance insects and was good company. Caleb had grown rather fond of her, so he wouldn't make her leave. Besides that, he almost never knew where she was lurking anyways, but that suited him just fine.


*"Good morning two-eyes."*


"G'mornin' Mondo," Caleb replies, stifling a yawn as he makes his way to the broken Keurig. At 5 AM he would really like a cup of coffee, but like every other day, an error message flashes that the burner unit is busted. Caleb sneers in irritation; he had filed reports with maintenance before, but they simply told him that the lab wasn't under their contractual obligation, so they wouldn't do any work in it.


*"Still no waking juice? You should try blood instead - quite a good pick-me-up."*


"Maybe when I grow eyes, legs, and fangs Mondo." Mondo was imbued with telepathy by Bordok, the writhing mass of darkness housed in the adjacent cell to the coffee room. Why Bordok didn't just leave, no one knew - a god of power such as his could easily have ruled the world if he wanted, yet he seemed content to sit around and read *Blondie* from the comics section.


A rumbling thought forced it's way around Caleb. "I could make the fangs happen. It might be funny." Bordok didn't speak in the conventional sense, but it was as close as he could get without obliterating everything around him.


"Fuck off Bordok," Caleb chuckled as he tossed a copy of the Wall Street Journal through the bars. Four tendrils of darkness caught the paper and unfurled it as Bordok began to read an article about the growth of the candied plum industry.


*"Do it, Bordok. This girl could use a laugh."* 


Caleb shot a look at Bordok and said, "Do it and you'll be reading the *Springfield Gazette* for a month." He strolled off to the only high-tech equipment around, a large holding cell that crackled with electricity. Two thick steel rings braced the top and bottom of a charged glass bubble - within sat an elderly hag, sprawled across a twin mattress with a cauldron bubbling in the center of the chamber. She had never disclosed her name, but like Bordok she seemed content with her seclusion. After the incident with the ferret and the semi-truck, however, the government had decided that her containment measures should be a tad more comprehensive.


Caleb tossed in some items that she had requested the day before, carrots, beets, parsley, the like. The witch had shopping lists that really weren't all that unusual for normal people, except when she wanted an exhumed corpse or iguana tails. 


Caleb settled in to observe this new stew that the witch was brewing, and reflected on what he might do today. Sixteen hour shifts could be hard to pass, but with the menagerie surrounding him, he usually managed just fine.