Life sits, watching the last star twinkle out of existence. Her brow relaxes, and her old shoulders sag in defeat. "It's like the beginning..." She looks down, at nothing. Her eyes search for something, anything. 

"Just like the beginning.." 

She doesn't look up, staring into the nothingness. In an apathetic mutter, "Death, what have you done?" . Her bony hands push back her grey, disheveled hair. 
Death slides beside her, his eyes bleak and white. In her old age, Death looks young. His ancient skin soft and smooth as hers is tan and wrinkled. "You know why." He too stares into his void, but searching for nothing. He knows nothing is left. "This was natural. Everything comes to me." 

"Even me?"

"Even you." 

Life blinks away a tear. "But why? Why..?" 

A long silence passes, as the look ahead; one searching, one waiting. Her hand reaches out and grabs his. "You're cold, Death." 
He says nothing. 
Life stands straight. "Why did we fight?" She turns to him finally, looking into his empty eyes. "Why did we fight?"

He peers into her for a long time. Her question had no answer. They were made to be opposites. Since the dawn of life, they were opposed. It was the natural order. She knew that, he knew that. 

"I don't know, Life. I don't know"

Life smiles, tears falling down her cheeks. "We were so young. So foolish. We had eternity to figure it out. Our entire existence." She nods and looks up. She lets out a small chuckles and shakes her head. "You and I are not different. We are the same. We both are here for it. We both take, we both give. We both aren't perfect. We made mistakes, we made miracles." 

Another long silence.

Death nods and grips her hands. "I know..." 

She hugs him tightly, pushing against his cold form. She whispers, "please watch over her." 

"I will." Death smiles and presses a hand to her chest. Her body fades, chunks disintegrating slowly away. "I will."
Life smiles while he body goes into the void with the rest. 

Death closes his eyes as the last of Life fades. He looks up. "This will be different, Life. This one will be different." He opens his hand, a ball of pure light sitting in his palm. He smiles and drops it, the orb floating in the air. It begins to grow, shaking and brightening. It illuminates the darkness, and Death's withering self. He smiles as his smooth body begins wrinkle and sag as the orb grows larger, taking shape. Soon he stands like a cadaver, his silly hair gone and his eyes sunken. 
In the orbs stead stands a little girl. Her hair is red, and eyes wide with wonder. She looks up at the lanky figure. 
"Who... are you..?"

Death smiles. "My name is Death. And you, my dear, are Life." 


