"Watch the coin."

My hands slipped, passing over and under each other.  I watched the crowd from the corner of my eye, gauging their reaction carefully.

I needn't have worried.  The whole lot of them were transfixed, gaping at me as I pulled one horrible little trick after another.

Inwardly, it was getting hard to contain my glee.  With how this was going, I'd be able to make enough coin to have an actual meal for the night - and probably the next few days, too, judging from the awe in their eyes.  Some were even sliding away from the back of the crowd, shooting me fearful looks over their shoulders.

All right, the fear was getting to be a little much.  It was just a coin trick, after all.  But, hey.  That was their problem, not mine.  I grinned, snapping my fingers in a whirl of motion - and let the coin fall down my sleeve.

They flinched.  A woman in the back of the crowd squeaked, throwing her hands up over her mouth.  Nervous laughter circled the crowd, passed from lips to lips.

I grinned all the broader, taking a quick half-bow.  "And just like that!"

The man whose coin I'd 'vanished' leaned closer.  "Give."

I held a hand up, shrugging.  "Give what?  I'm afraid it's gone, sir.  Do you doubt my skill, my magic?"

His eyes narrowed, still fixed on me, but the others clapped him on the shoulder, their laughter growing.  Those were the rules, the guidelines I'd set for our little game.  If any of them could spot the coin or my little 'spell', then they'd get their coin back, and one of mine.

And if they didn't, well, then clearly it was gone - magicked away by I, the great and magnificent magician.  I smiled all the wider.  The next contestants pushed closer.  I waved for a beer, even as I reached out for the next coin.

Yes, coming to this town had been a good decision.

---

The cold air of the alley was a slap in the face after the heat and pressure of the bar.  I leaned against the wall, groaning as the night's drinks drained out.  My belt pouch jingled promisingly.

Tonight had been a *good* night.

The sound of boots against stone was the first warning I got that not everything was so perfect.

I glanced up blearily, focusing eyes that didn't want to cooperate, and stared at the trio approaching from the alley's mouth.

"Damn," I muttered, wrinkling my nose.  The thug from earlier was all too recognizable.

He leered down at me, drawing closer.  "Give."

Standing with a rush that left me light-headed, I stumbled back, raising my hands.  "D-Don't be like that, now, boys.  I-It's just business."

He growled at me.  Actually *growled.*  "Give.  *Now.*"

His friends had clubs.  My eyes finally focused in on the sight - accompanied by the sudden realization that I could barely stand.

The coin pouch at my belt waggled gently.  I grimaced.  I could always...but then I'd have no money to *eat*.

The thug stepped closer.  Adrenaline rushed through my veins, giving my thoughts a moment of clarity.  I liked my teeth.  I liked them a *lot*.  So...I supposed...

"M-Maybe we can-"

"Leave him alone!" a voice cried from behind me.

I blinked.  And then I lurched, thrown to one side as someone rushed past me.

Someone dressed quite well indeed, in fact, without even a stain on his tunic or a spot of rust on his chainmail.  He lunged in front of me, throwing his arms wide.

A savior I wasn't expecting, but....I wasn't in any position to be picky.  I did my belt up, trying not to show my relief.

"There you are, sir," the man said, glancing back over his shoulder.  "We'd heard you arrived in town, but when we didn't see you..."  He sighed, his shoulders slumping an inch.  "It's good to find you at last."

I paused.  I'd just gotten to town that night, it was true, and yet...it wasn't like anyone knew I was coming.  I was just a wanderer, a bit of a trickster who very much preferred the term 'bard'.  Certainly no one that anyone should have bee expecting.

"I-I think you must have-"

The thug growled again, trying to push past the man - who pushed back, standing even straighter.

My words died in my throat, freezing at the sight of the clubs they gripped.  "Right.  Yes.  Let's....let's be off, shall we?"

"*Give,*" the thug echoed again, but less confidently.  My savior turned away with a sneer over his shoulder, waving me on.

They seemed to know not to bother him, whoever he was.  The sight surprised me more than a little, but I wasn't about to complain.  All three of them just stood, watching as him and I slipped out towards the main street.

A breath of relief slipped from my frame as they vanished behind us.  "Thank the heavens.  You saved me, man."

He flashed me a grin.  "Oh, don't be modest.  I just couldn't sleep if I'd let you deal with them yourself.  And they don't deserve that, eh?"

His elbow landed in my ribs as the man laughed, like we were sharing a joke.  I laughed along as best I could, entirely not getting it.

"Still," the man said, shrugging.  "You really spooked the folks in that bar."

"They were just some tricks," I mumbled under my breath.

"Really, now," he chided, half-turning to face me.  "They couldn't feel even a whisper, eh?  You had to know that'd spook them."

My brow furrowed.  What?

And dimly, distantly, memories began to bubble back up.

Of a kingdom who'd taken on a mage-king, some decades before.

Whose entire kingdom and magic had slowly began to change.  *Connecting.*  Suddenly, the fearful looks of the townsfolk took on new meaning.

"Uh," I said, slowly starting to pull away.  The man didn't seem to notice.  And when I looked around, we'd managed to leave the cheaper part of town far behind.  I hadn't even noticed, in my ale-fueled haze.

And now I didn't know where we were.

His hand clapped my shoulder, pulling me onward.

"Not to worry," he said, winking at me.  We'd stopped.  Just like that, he ground to a halt.

I stared up at the castle that waited in front of us.  That was the only term for it that fit.

"Uh."

His grip on me was iron, pulling me towards the door.

"Everyone's been *waiting* for a mage like you."

I was helpless to fight back as he whisked me inside.

The city vanished behind me as the door slammed shut.

(/r/inorai, critique always welcome!)