Mitch was always the first to hold the door open for someone or offer his assistance, but he was not the most observant guy I've come across. I first met Mitchell Harris when he started hanging around our 'office' back in 2017. The first day I saw him he was dressed in a smart brown suit with matching shoes, and I could tell from his demeanor that he was nervous. I figured it was because it was his first time and that was understandable, considering the type of business going on in the building. After that first day I started seeing Mitch more often, and we eventually started talking and got on good terms. Mitch would always remember whatever I'd told him I was doing and ask about it the next time we saw each other and I appreciated that he listened. Everyone liked him and even though he didn't work for us, he didn't ask questions and we all came to accept him dropping by and making us coffee and keeping up with us.
One day after he'd asked me about how my father was keeping and me telling him about the hospital visit and how things weren't going so good, Mitch told me he had a question to ask me. He said the reason he'd been coming round here so often is to see Malory, and he wanted to know if I knew much about her. Is she single, what's her favourite flowers, where does she hang out on the weekends? This was a little awkward due to the type of business we were wrapped up in. Malory was one of the top call girls who worked for us and I didn't have the heart to tell Mitch. Instead, I decided to tell him a couple of white lies. I told him Malory wasn't single, but that she loved daisy's and hung around with her boyfriend on weekends. Truth is I wasn't sure what Malory had going on outside of work but I didn't think things would work out for them. I still remember the look on his face when I told him, he looked so defeated. Mitch sighed and said he'd been leaving work early for years and trying to pluck up the courage to talk to her but didn't know what to say. I assumed he'd been coming here to meet some of the girls like all the others but I hadn't realised he'd been there all along because he had a crush. I asked him if he knew much about Malory and what she did, and he said it didn't matter but he assumed she was one of the receptionists for our business. I thought about correcting him, but what would be the point, would it change anything? He left abruptly after our conversation and I decided to let him go. 
A couple months went by and I hadn't seen Mitch around, and after a couple more I stopped thinking about the guy altogether. It was only when one of my friends brought up in a meeting that Malory was leaving that Mitch popped into my head. I asked the guys if they'd seen him around or head anything from him and, they had. Hadn't I heard the reason Malory was leaving was her pregnancy with her fiancé Mitchell Harris? It turns out as they told me, Mitch had ran off that day and bought 100 daisies and brought them to Malory, and I was right, they were her favourite flower. 

Sorry if this sucks I just seen this pop up on my feed and thought I'd have a go