Over the crackling of the fire, a soft tune floated on the sulfuric air. Crossing the caverns and tunnels of Hell, the tune echoed through Hell's empty halls.

When Dave awoke, it was to find himself alone, save for fire, and that sad tune. Dave scratched his head. How did he end up here? Where even was her-.

"Oh." Dave mumbled. He remembered now. He was dead. Generally, he thought people who died pushing some people out of the way of a truck went somewhere slightly different than what by all accounts was likely Hell.

Dave didn't dwell on it for too long. Of course, if this *was* Hell, it's not actually that bad. It was a bit hot, sure, probably on account of all the fires that randomly dotted the blood red stone that formed... well, almost everything. Dave ran his fingers along the wall, tracing the flickering shadows cast by one of innumerable small flames. If he was going to be stuck here, he might as well get used to it.

Then he heard it, the tune. The tune was light, but sad, completely at odds with the environment. Like someone put the theme for Harvest Moon over a horror game. For the first time since getting here, Dave's feet refused to move. Something about this was exceptionally creepy. Dave considered running, his heart began to beat faster. Is this what hell was? An eternity of creepy ambience? Dave stood in place as he considered the rest of his unlife in Hell. Would this be the rest of his existence? 

There's a philosophical thread Dave *did not* want to pull on. 

Dave's feet moved slowly. Inching. Bit. By. Bit. *"Best to face your fears early, right?"* Dave thought, as he slowly moved around the corner. Closer to the source of the sound. Dave expected a jumpscare. Something to pop out in his face and chase him away, something to run him off. Or maybe just something weird. Like a puppet playing the flute or something equally... unsettling. 

Dave did not expect to find Satan in a suit playing the harmonica.

"Oh!" Satan leaped off the rocky stump he'd been sitting on. He bat none existent dust off of the dark red hair on his chest as he stood. "I am Satan! Fear me MORTAL!"

Dave scratched his ear. "Yeah. I can tell. The horns, and cloven hooves gave it away." 

"Oh." Satan crossed his arms. "Of course. Yeah. You would realize." Satan turned around and slapped himself in the head, before muttering under his breath for a while, then turning around. "Now prepare yoursel-!"

"So, this is Hell, right?" Dave said over Lucifer, Prince of Darkness.

"I... YES!" Satan yelled triumphantly. "And you're stuck here. Forever." 

"Alright then." Dave huffed. Hell seemed awfully boring. Maybe that was the point? Was this place literally just to torture the sinners of the world with boredom? On that note, where was everyone else? If this place was meant to be dealing with every sinner that the world had ever seen, then either Dave was literally the worst human being to have ever lived, or Hell was a very big place.

"Hey Satan?"

"Yeah?"

"Where is everyone?" Dave asked.

"Oh they all left." Satan responded.

"Weren't they stuck here forever too?" As Dave spoke, a look of realization slowly formed on Satan's face. Terror drew lines into the face of Satan.

"Errrr. No." Satan said, slowly regaining his composure. "They weren't evil enough to suffer forever." 

"So they got to go to Heaven?"

"After a bit." Terror returned to his face as he spoke. "But you won't! You're... far too evil. Yes. Far too evil."

"Far too evil?" Dave asked incredulously. The worst he'd done was-

"That time you kicked a dog!" Satan yelled. "Now God doesn't want you anymore."

"I kicked the dog because it bit my fucking ankle!" Dave spoke with the ire of a man who'd had this conversation far too many times. "It was self defense!"

"Have you never even read the bible?" Satan huffed as he drew his arms against his chest. "Turn the other cheek and all that? Anyway, it doesn't matter now, you're stuck here."

"Bullshit. I want to speak to God." 

"You can't." 

"Why not."

"I said so."

"Fuck you."

"Well. That's rude." Satan recoiled at his words. "But that's how it is. You're stuck here now."

"Right." Dave slumped against the cave wall. "So what now? Eternal torture? Some other unknowable terror?"

"Yes! The terror will be... unknowable!" Satan rooted in his fur for a while before pulling out a spoon. "And this! Will be my instrument of destruction!"

"You're not very good at this are you."

The smile dropped from Satan's face, and his arms dropped to his sides. "No I am not." Satan sat next to Dave, resting against the wall. Dave noted that he smelt a lot like burning hair. "To tell the truth I've been out of practice for a while. The whole torturing and tempting thing."

Dave sat silently mulling over Satan's words for a while. Then an idea came to him. "What if;" Satan nodded slowly "What if *I* help you get your groove back." 

"You?"

"Yeah. 'Snot like we've got anything better to do."

"Help me?"

"That's what I just said isn't it?" Dave said, tersely.

Satan stood up as a huge grin crossed his face. "Yes! It's going to be so fun!" Satan offered a hand to Dave, which he took. "We're going to tempt people into debauchery, violence, turn them away from God..." Satan was positively shaking. "It's going to be great!"

"Well, beats sitting here I suppose."

