I had a wish, a genie actually, wishing for something 'harmless'? No way that's just wasting a chance, it's an opportunity unlike any other if you can't handle the full wish draw the lines, you can think can't you?

I'm not really a righteous person, I'm not a rude asshole that'll go stomping on kids beliefs but I'm not wasting time on it, so to avoid making that bullshit real I became the real deal accidentally.

I mean seriously I wished for a billion dollars and even added a whole story about how I got it, the second wish was to have the ability to live forever not being immortal just being able to naturally live longer, and the third? That's where my story really starts.

The third I could've chosen anything being able to teleport or to fly but instead I chose language ALL the languages.

Arabic? Check. Lao? You don't even know about it right? But I do, can speak it flawlessly too, Chinese Spanish French, you name it I speak it.

But along with our languages there are others..

Languages where all that is spoken is about wars and how to kill, and beautiful languages all about the greater good for all where steal kill and murder have no way of even being described.

And then, then.. then there's the one language.

The language that made us all, there is a god, there are fourteen currently, and I am the strongest the real one the others are lower they can control planets, I can create planets in seconds.

It amazes me, how can a lowly genie know all this? I'm just glad I wasn't angry at it for any reason, the thirteen other gods don't know about each other, don't know about me, so it wouldn't surprise me if that genie was a higher god in disguise.

But for now, well I started mortal I'm at least gonna stay mortal for the next sixty years? Forget about the 'inheritance' I don't want to mess up my relationships not when I'll never come back... 

Well I don't why I wrote this but yeah I'm a god and sky daddy is real if not so omnipotent so yeah I'm Jason March Allen and this is my goodbye, yep Jorae there are other gods and it looks like we're the lowest levels..

Heh I really wish someone else was writing this then maybe I'd be an MC who could overthrow the natural order and ascend to the higher heavens, hah maybe I'll look for that genie again probably just talk to it though I've already used my wishes..