"Gosh, I wonder what happened." I asked myself as i glance around.
Looking to the left i see a pile of debris taller than most mountains, a jumble of skyscrapers and towers, a mix of ancient and new architectures just lying there.
looking to my right i see a small ocean of angel corpses, all of them broken and battered, wings torn, arms shattered, nasty stuff really.

the smell, oddly, is quite pleasant.

rummaging through the ruins I uncovered a book, opening it i find descriptive drawings...an account of what took place...supposedly written and drawn by god in the rush.

and what i find there is....more than a little disturbing.

Apparently in some other version of earth a giant lizard the size of a small mountain used to rampage around japan, a menacing, nightmarish thing that leveled buildings with a single step, it was so powerful that nuclear weaponry did absolutely nothing.

and so....the people of that earth began to pray, they prayed for a miracle, for divine intervention, and god, growing tired of hearing them screaming into his ear virtually every evening, finally decided to shut them up by smiting the lizard in person.

Unfortunately the giant lizard wasn't exactly easy to smite, being possessed of no faith the being was simply immune to god's attacks. oh sure he could punch it, but smiting with magical god powers was out of the question. the battle took centuries, or so it was described, oceans raged and the skies churned, lightning fell from the skies and cats learned how to read during that time.

but finally, somehow, god managed to win out.
weary and wondering why he even put the appropriate ingredients to make the monster on the planet in the first place, he retired to heaven, broken, weary, and short two billion humans.

godzilla was waiting for him when he returned, and unlike god, who'd just finished a marathon battle and was worn the hell out, godzilla was refreshed and ready for round two.

so, fleeing shin godzilla in a panic, he wrote this final account, fully aware that once godzilla finished the job, there wouldn't be a heaven, or a god...or rather..there would be a new god.

and this one was all outta mercy...

i dropped the book as i heard that awful, heaven piercing [roar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnQ-ecP37Kc) and began to pray, shortly before realizing how pointless that was.