Many blizzards I've made in my time, mostly to keep myself safe in this era of humans.  The humans regard me as a legend, many come searching for my existence.  Mostly children, but some knights, I turn them away dropping the temperature in my cave to where they couldn't possibly push on.  I lived in peace for the most part, until not far from my home there were sounds of battle and disaster.  

I left my cave for a moment to check only to see a kingdom had formed near my cave and this kingdom seemed to be on fire.  Fires blazed throughout the tiny kingdom, I didn't want any trouble so I returned into the hollows of my cave.   I had nearly fallen asleep for a nap when I sensed another being in my cave.  Two, two beings in my cave.  I decided to scout out who these beings were, as soon as I got close I could hear the wailing of an infant.  Maternal instinct tried to take over but I kept to the shadows, far from the human infant and the other I knew as a knight.  

He was wounded, badly, yet his final act was to take the infant away from the burning kingdom.  How important was this infant?  In his weakness, the knight fell to the ground, resting against the cave wall and reeking of the smell of blood.  I slowly rounded the corner and showed myself to the pair.  The knight actually seemed happy to see me.  

"Great guardian, please."  The knight held out the infant to me.  "Our kingdom was destroyed.  It was my last duty to my lord and king that I protect his daughter."  His breath was light and quiet.  "I ask that you protect her, our great guardian."  

The infant was wrapped in a deep purple clothe, golden earrings in her ears.  Long brown hair shaped around the small face.  She still wailed and carried on about her discomfort.  

I settled down and gazed at the infant.  "I know not how to care for an infant of your kind.  I know not how to care for an infant of my own."  

The knight smiled, yet still he offered the infant to me.  His arms trembling as he tired quickly of holding out the infant.  I offered my front foot to hold the infant, and he gently placed her in my claws.  Both humans shivered and I saw my cave had turned frigid.  I transferred the small infant to my tail, warming the cave walls with my flame and trying to make my guests warm again.  

I laid down and brought the knight and the infant into my embrace, the crook of my arm was her cradle.  The knight told me all I needed for the tiny babe, whom I learned had a name.  Her Royal Highness Princess Anastasia Cornelia Elizabeth, Duchess of Delia and Countess of Crown.  I decided the poor thing had too long of a name, so I called her Ana.  Little Ana slept peacefully in my embrace, she fit perfectly the crook of my arm.  

The knight, Lord Darrin, passed away during the night from blood loss.  I buried his body with respect, and I was left alone with Little Ana.  It only seemed she was an infant for a moment.  Humans grew quickly, I found, and before I knew it Little Ana wasn't so little anymore.  She quickly out grew every pair of shoes and dress that was made for her.  

"Neva, let me go out with you."  Ana proclaimed one day during her adolescence.   "We never go out together."  

I thought on this for a while as she kept going, though I admit I wasn't paying much attention to what she was saying.  I told her that if she was to go out hunting with me, she couldn't wear her normal clothes.  She had to wear armor.  

Lord Darrin's armor was a bit too big for her but after a few alterations it fit quite nicely.  I wasn't going to bury the poor man in his armor, plus something told me to keep it for myself.  It was so nicely kept.  

Ana and I worked together to make a saddle, though she detested the very idea of riding me.  I thought if she was on my back I could continue to protect her.  It took some time but when it was finished she saddled up and we set on about to getting our food.  She decided on cow, due to easy access and that she likes beef.  

Strange child.  

We flew above a herd of cows and marked one out for food and almost made off with it.  If the cow herder hadn't seen us and made Ana feel bad.  He made us land and Ana started to apologize.  The cow herder paused and his jaw nearly fell to the floor.  I returned the cow, and waited for them to stop talking.  Ana kept fixing her hair, even though there was nothing wrong with it.  

It was then that I decided that Ana couldn't live with me anymore.  She belonged with her own kind.  I flew off, back to our...my cave and gathered the small amount of possessions she had accumulated in her little lifetime.  I returned to the cow herder and Ana, who apparently didn't notice that I was gone.  I placed the objects safe away from the pest cows, and left Ana to live with the humans.  

I lived again quietly in my cave, the only thing I truly kept to remember Ana were the tiny earrings she had worn as a baby.  I mourned over them and assured myself that she was better off with the humans.  She returned to my cave after sometime, what her growing up felt like a moment, her return felt like an eternity.  

She had grown up and taken back her kingdom.  Princess Anastasia had become the fair Queen.  Her ermine cape following behind her as she thanked me for being her protector and having the strength to let her go.  The cow herder had become her husband and she introduced me to her children.  And she called me "Mother".  
