   I opened my eyes slightly to make sure it was morning. “Indeed, the sun has risen.” I thought to myself, slowly rising out of bed, making my way to the kitchen for some water.  

  I clicked on the heater and walked to the kitchen cabinets for a cup. The slow whir and whine of the fan blowing warm air throughout the apartment also woke up Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face, my cat. 

   With short hair and grey on his face and ears but white everyplace else, he looked like a floating cat head against the white carpet. 

   The wooden thunk of the open and closing of the cabinet triggered Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face to begin a somewhat of an inquiry. “Meowmow”. A slight smile and nod to him before steadily drank and finished a full glass off water. “Ahh”. I was still thirsty. “I did leave the heater set to eighty-nine. Not like last time when I left it on one hundred and two. I’ll be home around afternoon time to feed you.” 

   I filled my glass with warm water and Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face gave an instant reply, “Mowow”. Yes, cat box too, I didn’t forget it is Tuesday today.” Finishing my second glass, slower this time, the television turned on seemingly by itself, but I knew better, it was Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face sitting on the remote again. 

   A broadcast emergency tone was blaring with a “Breaking News please standby” notation in big black letters across a red back screen. “Meow”, Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face seemed amused. 

   I filled a third glass and sat on the couch to see what was going to happen. Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face hopped into my lap and started to purr insanely loud. Of course he wanted to be petted. “I will grant you this command”, I said lightly petting  his head and back. 

   “Good morning everyone”, it was the President of the United States with the Queen of England sitting on a throne directly behind him, in an empty white room. “It’s time for the execution.” 

   Before I could begin to be confused, a six foot purple tongue flies out of the Queens mouth and wraps around the Presidents head. “Thrsssrk!” Blood shot from where his head was like a broken water main, the tongue retracts back into the Queen with a loud “THUCK!”. “Funky monkey Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face!” I screamed dropping my glass. 

   The Queens flip-too unhinged jaw went back into place with a wet crack. “You all now know the truth!” The screen went black. “Oh that’s so wrong! There going to be a war!” I yelled before I sitting up to quick and stepping on a shard of glass with my left foot. A small trickle of bright purple fluorescent blood oozed out of the wound and instantly coagulated. 

   Suddenly I hear “Lizard people have been running the world!” from outside. I looked at Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face. “They won’t realize until it’s too late now. The humans will want to find and kill lizards! We will be seen as the enemy!” Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face nodded. 

   Then, for the first time, he spoke. So deep and calm, his voice was of solid reassurance “The time has come, the days of human and lizard living together but in secret are over. 

   Cats rule this planet and we have kept the peace since the great pyramid rebellion. The days of humans being lizard slaves are over! 

   They will never return. However, there are some who believe in their supremacy as a species and wish to enslave us all! Cat, human, and lizard alike! When the cat nemesis Dog called us to earth because their beloved humans had been enslaved, they chose peace! 

   We were happy to bring balance to this solar system. It has been this way for four thousand years. Now it begins again, we will have to fight lizards, cats, humans, and dogs alike, for they have strayed from the path of peace. They only want to destroy and enslave. 

   We will have to call Garfield and head to Wyoming.” I was confused as ever now. “Why Wyoming? And I thought Garfield was a comic?” 

   Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face shook his head,”Wyoming doesn’t exist, it’s a portal. To the Cat home world. Garfield is our link and contact to find that portal”. 

   We had to plan this quickly. The more time that passes the more people, lizards, dogs, and cats would die. I turned the T.V. off and began to plan with Mr. Fuzzy Grey Face our trip to Wyoming. 