Some people collect stamps. Some people collect cards. Some people collect stones.

Dan collected headlines. He had been collecting headlines for years. In his younger years he had been a newspaper editor, and years before that, his dream was to write headlines. He wanted to shock the world. He wanted to make the dull seem extraordinary, and the interesting seem fantastic.

###DUST BOWL STRENGTHENS

He flipped through his headlines while drinking his morning coffee. Blonde, no cream, no sugar. It tasted foul, and he liked it that way. His mind wandered down memory lane as he recalled the Depression, and how he finally had his first chance to write a story late in the 30's after he met Ilene. Ilene was the daughter of an editor, and they got engaged soon after Dan's writing career began. 

###AMERICA UNDER ATTACK

Ilene was pivotal in helping Dan write his first big stories, about the War. When the bombs struck Hawaii, when Dan was sure he would be drafted, and when Ilene got pregnant for the first time...Ilene had always been stronger than Dan. 

Dan looked up at Ilene, across the table from him. She was smiling back at him, as she always did. Dan looked back down at the headlines.

###AMERICA STORMS NORMANDY

As war was occurring, their first was born. He was James, named after the King, since he helped to keep his parents strong. After Japan surrendered, their second was born. Ilene was lucky to make it through that night; the doctors were sure either she or the baby would die. A surgeon was somehow able to keep them both alive, and the second baby was born. She was Joy, and she was all the joy that Ilene and Dan ever needed.

###JOHNSON ESCALATES WAR

By the time the war in Vietnam was raging, Dan was an editor. James was a pilot in the airforce, and Joy was studying to become a surgeon. 

Dan stared deep into the headline, recalling that Joy and James refused to talk to one another over their stances on the war. Their family had been so happy and so peaceful. He recalled Joy leaving a family reunion in tears, reminding James that her fiance had been shot by friendly fire during the war, even as James insisted that the war was for the betterment of the world.

Her fiance died later that week. She never found love again.

###OPERATION DESERT SHIELD

As yet another war raged on, Dan began to feel pressure from the media around him. He felt that newspapers were starting to be turned down in favor of nightly television news, or even live news, which he felt was impossible to compete with. 

James was a commander of some sort, stationed far away. After the fiasco at the family reunion, he claimed that he would never find love in solidarity with Joy. Dan later learned that James was actually infertile, and when his girlfriend at the time found out, she had cheated on him and left him. 

James had been gone for years, and Joy refused to talk to Dan and Ilene because she felt that they had betrayed her when her fiance was dying. James was out serving the country, a hero, and Joy was nearing the end of her own career as a surgeon. 

Dan stopped reading the headlines. He looked at Ilene and told her "I'm going for a walk." 

He stepped into the cold wearing his slacks and a sweater. It had been a lonely twenty five years. Before then, it had been lonely as well. They never heard from James or Joy. Ilene had gotten crippled in her loneliness away from her children. She never forgave herself for Joy leaving. Every time Ilene had tried to call, Joy said she was too busy saving people. 

Ilene began harming herself, hoping her super hero would come to save her. Dan only found out when he walked into their room and she was bleeding out, with previous scars along her arms. He recalled Ilene looking up at him and asking calmly if Joy was there to save her.

Joy wasn't there, and the doctors weren't fast enough.

Joy showed up the next week, with James. They stayed a week to help Dan get settled back in, and they decided to fly cross country, just the two of them, to reunite their friendship. It was the happiest Dan had been in a long time, knowing his son and daughter were finally friends again. He never heard from them again. 

It had been twenty five years since Ilene passed. Twenty five years since he put her picture at her place at the kitchen table. Twenty five years since his last headline. Dan looked down at the river below, and felt sick to his stomach thinking about how deadly a fall from the bridge could be. He had done some reading, though, and he knew it would be painless.

He pulled himself over and looked down again. The house was clean, the will was written, and the only thing not put away were his headlines. 

Dan took a deep breath and let himself fall.

On the kitchen table was his final headline.

###Plane Crash in Appalachia; No Survivors