I knew I shouldn't have put my lucky quarter in that Zoltar Fortune Telling Machine. Thing was that I just didn't want to be there, at another carnival. My life as a carnie wasn't all that great. Being a stupid kid and “running away with the circus” was the worst thing that ever happened. Until today, when the Zoltar machine dispensed the card that simply said, “Wish Granted”.


What kind of fucking fortune was that, right? I gave the card a flick with my fingers. 


Can't believe I wasted my lucky quarter on a whim. I again flicked the card. 


I guess I don't make the best goddamn decisions with my goddamn life. Starting to take out the frustration on the damn card, I gave it a third flick. 


Which wish was this damn thing supposed to grant because my dick doesn't feel bigger, I'm not richer, and I'm still standing HERE! On the count of ‘here’ I flicked that damn card with all of my frustrations. 


That's when the card snapped back. 


Well, not physically per se. Upon the fourth flick, my surroundings instantly melted away, revealing a new scene. There, I find myself standing in a dirty city alley way, honestly not 15 feet away from a scene of two guys mugging a chick near a dumpster. At this point, all I'm thinking is “What the fuck”. Apparently that thought was vocalized because it startled the nearest thug, who immediately spun around with his pistol now pointing at me. His look was just as surprised as mine. Still not having moved from before, I look down, still holding the card. I glanced up again at the thug, who's now cocking his gun. Quickly I look back down and immediately start flicking the shit out of the card. Not knowing how many times I'm flicking this thing, every now and then the scenery would melt away again and I'd be standing in a new place hearing some girl crying for help. Eventually, my flicking slowed down and I figured after every four flicks of the card that the scenery would melt away again and I'd be near another “damsel in distress” situation. 

I gave the card another four flicks and I found myself standing on a dock on a peaceful lake. It was a sunny, yet breezy clear day. The lake was surrounded by a lush dense forest. I looked down and saw a girl floating face down, just a few feet away. “HOLY SHIT!” I yelled as I jumped in the lake to go save this chick. The water was definitely colder than I thought. Gave multiple purpose to the statement of “holy shit” that I just screamed. When I grabbed the girl, it almost seemed like I startled her when I flipped her over. She instantly became alive and started flailing around, fighting me almost but in a weird, kinda frantic way. 

“WHAT THE FUCK?!” yelled the girl, half gurgling water while talking.

“TrYIng TO sAvE yOU…” is what I could barely retort back with as I proceeded to begin drowning. The previous thrashing stopped and then I felt arms wrap around me and help me up to air. When I started gasping for air, I hear laughing coming from the thing that wrapped it's arms around me and brought me to air. It was the girl that I was trying to save. 

“Who's saving whom?” Laughed the girl as she swam us back to the dock. Once we reached it, and pulled ourselves up, all I could say was, “What the hell just happened?!”

“I'll tell you what I think happened. I should begin with that I'm a narcoleptic fisherman. Today, I lost my life jacket but still decided to go fishing because I wanted dinner and if the fish were biting then it wouldn't have taken long. Soooo I fell asleep, then fell in the water, didn't wake up and you woke me up just in time before I died. So thank you.” 

“Um…you're welcome.” I stammered back. The breeze chilled me to the bone, I was still very wet from the cold lake. A panic drew over me as soon as I felt the goosebumps. “WHERE'S THE CARD?!”

“What card?” replied the girl. I starting looking panicking and muttering something about Zoltar and a card. The breeze must've blown out away. “Oh fuck, I'm fucking stuck.” 

“Who's Zoltar? What goddamn card are you talking about? And why are you stuck?” asked the girl, now sounding really irritated. 

“I had a card, from Zoltar, and if I flicked the fucking thing FOUR TIMES (my tone got increasingly loud and angry sounding; I even held up four fingers) then I was transported to some other place where a chick needed help.” I probably could've communicated that better. She looked at me like a damn crazy. Saying it made me feel like a damn crazy. Now I've got no card, I sound like a crazy and I'm standing in front of a hot chick whose life I just saved.
