Oh, this'll be interesting.

*Clears throat* There will obviously be swearing since it's a prompt about demons.

I knew in life that if I was wrong in doubting my family's beliefs, I would go to hell, but honestly... i'd rather be here- in hell- doing requests for a guy who actually makes sense instead of up there- in heaven- with more annoying believers at every corner and the constant pressure to praise a self- contradicting cloud of gas and a semi- god with mystical facial hair, both of whom have been assholes to me from day one.

Now that I'm here, I couldn't have asked for a better role. 

My job- Answering to the woes of those who realize what I realized- that they're better off making the best of hell instead of submitting to a collossal asshole so they can just go and reach an afterlife of eternal submission.

The perks- I actually help people instead of just sitting and watching, and I can finally do so without restraint of law because i leave no forensic evidence.

Call me crazy if you want, but I think Satan agrees, or he wouldn't be hiring people like me to answer the calls he has no time for.

Even in hell, we have an unspoken rule.
Now, the rule varies from country to country, but the rule for the USA division of the DALFH (Dealing Alliance Literally From Hell) is as follows-
The request of one below the age of 18 in gregorian years shall not be answered unless the situatuon presents itself as dire. We want our american clients to live at least to the age of 28, having been provided with gregorian years threefold of full mental maturity and rights to a rental car, sevenfold of opportunity to enjoy a legal drink with their cohorts, and tenfold of legal adulthood. 

Most don't dwell on that rule because- until my first day on the job- there has (unbelievably) never in the history of the USA division of DALFH been a case where a young one in a truly dire situation has access to information on satanic rituals... and the bravery to examine them while in that situation, then the guts to carry it out.
This is mostly because the USA has not been around very long in comparison to other places.
That's a lot of coincidences that have to line up in order for any work to get done.
The problem is- we don't know until we go. We don't know their age or their situation until it is laid out before us.

For these reasons, what happened was never anticipated.

I had been in hell for quite some time before I was finally admitted to my new role in the etherial realm. Every one of those assigned to the USA division start out in the Ohio section, where we get paid just for learning to wait before a full analysis of our demonic capabilities comes back from Hell's Lab (the analysis takes 28 real- world days) and we're assigned to a state that has a pattern which suits our capabilities.
The job starts out relatively easy because a place so heavily enveloped in christianity like the state of Ohio sees almost no satanic rituals. That's why those who work Ohio get paid just for being patient...

There I was, arm- ached from the injecting and blood- drawing needles of the day before, a nice pair of curly ram's horns out of the side of my head like the Aries that I am and pulling the messy black mane that adorns my crimson head back into a glorious man- ponytail. 

I had come in a black suit. Who doesn't look classy in a black suit, ay? If only the woman who bore me in my human life could see me now, living my best and happiest life.

I sat down at my waiting area, leaving a briefcase at my feet and putting another one on the table in front of me. 
I opened it up to reveal paper, colored pencils, sketching pencils, no. 2 pencils, and mechanical pencils.
This was how I planned to pass the time while sitting in the Ohio room and waiting on my results (or the slim chance of a summoning).

Just as I was about to put a sketching pencil on paper, I got a call.
In the style of blackjack, like we'd been tought in our dealmaking courses, I slammed the accept button and was given ten seconds to gather my materials before being teleported in. I picked up my briefcase and waited the last few seconds before I was unceremoniously dropped through the gathering stormclouds.
Not a soul could see me if I didn't want them to, but like a beacon, the location of the activated circle called to me.
I flew there with my big- ass bat wings and phased through the wall of the dealmaker's house, haphazardly falling onto the circle before standing up and making myself visible to my client. I still held my briefcase.
The girl before me was a mere 5 years old. She had her entire life ahead of her. 
It was beyond me how a 5- year- old had figured out the ritual, but my first guess was that she did not actually mean to summon and just tried it because of pretty drawings in this wierd book owo

fear struck her face, and I assumed it was because she was unfamiliar with the beautiful chaos of a demon's appearance, but then my pointed ears perked up, noticeably moving a bit, as I heard the sound of breaking glass and angered yelling.
I turned invisible so that the girl's eyes would not give away my position. I couldn't think toouch about her fear of being left alone in the situation. It was all about the plan of attack.

The man came in- a despicable excuse for a father. He stunk. he began yelling incoherently at the girl and swinging the bottle like he was making threats.
I snuck up behind him, spreading my wings and grinning with many razor- sharp teeth.

"Turn around" I said in a sinister tone.
He turned around, percieving only my voice at first, but...
At the strike of a thunderbolt, I made myself visible and cast an ominously flickering shadow on the wall behind me. My two glowing red eyes stared into the middle- aged man's own dark brown eyes. In that moment, his diluted state of mind could barely comprehend the fear.
He tried to toss a bottle at me, but to no avail, as it merely phased through and broke on the wall behind me.

He fell over, shaking in fear. I made my hand alone corporeal and picked him up by the scruff of his shirt. I wrapped my other hand threateningly around his head, with the claw of my thumb creeping around his eyes, and broke a sudden dead silent moment by snapping his head violently off his shoulders. 

The little girl covered her eyes, then did something I did not expect. She hugged my leg.
I retracted my claws and gave her a gentle pat on the head. 
"This one's free of charge. Be careful in the system, okay?"

Still crying into my leg, I felt her nod her head in agreement before letting go.

With that gentle pat, I had cleaned the blood off of her, and with the steps I took out, I erased evidence of satanic ritual and made the whole ordeal look more like a freakish suicide, even in her memories.
With older people who could keep secrets, memories did not have to be altered, and once above 18, they HAD to remember the occurence so they could know when their soul is due.
But for the youth, there was a second by- law.
Those under the age of 18 who strike a deal will, in the event that their needs meet the requirements of the other by- law on minors deals, have their needs met free of charge.