Night like tonight happens only every 500 hundred years, when stars and galaxies align into a door my spell will unlock to let the demon king through - freeing him from the netherworld gets me 500 years of servitude. 

I will make nationalists, racists and other abominations disappear, abolish money and set up wealth distribution. Satanic socialism and peace unto all. 

No one will live in poverty and people will do only  what they like - with the exclusion of harming another person in any way.

I opened the palms of my hands with a black glass knife forged by dragon fire. 

Squeezed my fists hard, drawing a series of symbols I memorised from the ancient texts. 

The wind started out of nowhere. 

Thunder and lightning, but no clouds or rain. 

A pillar of light exploded upwards, creating a rift in the sky. 

I lifted my arms, finishing the incantation. 

There was a flash of light and in an instant, everything stopped. 

A cloud of smoke was all the remained within the summoning circle. 

As the smoke parted I finally saw it. 

A lemon.

How can this be. 

I must have learned the ancient text wrong, misspelled something or other. 

I picked it up. 

Smells like, a lemon, feels like a lemon - it must be a lemon. 

yEah. Botched that one pretty bad. 

No freedom and equality for all. 

Just a lemon. 

Just. A. Friggin. Lemon.

I ran up to it, angry enough to kick it into the atmosphere, but my foot stopped in mid-air as words boomed in my head: " Better not. Contact with my surface might disperse your atoms over several dimensions."

"What are you, lemon, to talk to me like that?"

" I am a nadir, a central point and passage into unknown dimension and times and until a few moments ago I did not know I could be moved without ending several worlds"

"Are you under my control?"

"No - but I am grateful for changing the scenery - I was stuck at one point in space-time for thousands of millennia."

"Can you summon me a demon king?"

" I would not recommend it. Last guy tried to do that got digested for hundreds of years. Fickle fellow, this demon king"

"What good are you to me then?"  
" Funny you should ask - but with my help you can free more than just one dimension. "

" What would it cost me? "  
" An arm and a leg."

" Quit the metaphors lemon. Speak straight"

" No, really, arm and a leg. I want to be able to move on my own. " 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;