"huh.. weird, I guess a side effect of the treatment must be hallucinations. Well, thanks 'Death' lemme grab that card and I'll get back to you later." Running through the motions of my perceived hallucination, i pocket the card, give a wave goodbye and head on my way to my renewed life.

A few hours later...

"Well, no more visions of Death so it looks like that was just temporary, thank god, that would've grown tiresome pretty quickly." I head out of my lab, my home away from home where i'd spent the last few years tirelessly running through the calculations and formulae to create my life's dream, the golden elixir.

"What to do now? I never really thought about what I'd do once i'd actually achieved immortality." pondering my renewed immortal existence, I simple walk around the neighborhood, planning my next move, do I train as a ninja and become a deadly unkillable assassin? "Hah, who am I kidding, I've got about 5 years of exercise and dieting to go before I can maintain a 2 minute jog." before I could finish my thought, the deafening screech of rubber skidding across the concrete road stunned me for a second and before I could react - bang - the lights went out.

I came to few minutes later, dizzy and confused, all I could see was a burning wreck, a van with the windows smashed, dents in the hood and the red spray of blood covering the front of the vehicle.

"Oh man, my head is killing me... huh!?" I try to raise my hands to my head to cradle the pain but I can't move a muscle, seemingly paralyzed from the neck down the panic starts to set in. "Wait, this isn't right, I'm immortal, the tests were all clear, I'M IMMORTAL, what is going on!?"

Screams ring through my ears, a woman approaching me freezes on the spot and lets out a deafening scream as she turns away in horror. "What the hell is her problem, I'm the one who's been hit, show a little compassion, Jesus." 

I try to turn my head to see if I can get a better look at the situation and see what's going on, my vision wobbles a little, but I stay relatively still "damn" i thought, then suddenly, a sinking feeling begins to set in, "no no no no, that isn't.. is it? Could I have been so foolish that I didn't.. oh god, I didn't did I?" 

A group of emergency workers start making their way over to me, at first just looking at the screaming woman, but then they turn to me a stop. I returned a smile to them and begin to speak "uh hey, could you guys give me a hand, I can't move and I have no idea what's going on, I'm starting to freak out, why is that woman screaming? is it really that bad!?" the lead worker turns away and vomits, the screaming woman turns and runs, not holding back the screams as she withdrew from the scene.

Mustering what strength I had, I managed to turn my head a little further to see what the hell is going on and I caught a glimpse of a broken shard of the windscreen and froze ".... No.... it can't be...." looking back at me in the hazy reflection was my stunned face, bloody and bruised but still recognizable, but below that, my body was broken, there was no coming back from this. How could I have been so absent minded, it seems so obvious now but, I just didn't think. What's the point of being immortal, if I can still be hurt, if i can get injured. Am I really destined to live out an eternity like this, unable to move save a wobble of my head. 

Suddenly I hear a throat being cleared behind me, a dark figure moves into my vision. "Ehem, I'm not going to lie, I wasn't expecting to see you so soon." 

"Death!? So you were real after all, or have my hallucinations come back?" he reaches towards me, i try to flinch or withdraw as a natural reaction but, nothing happens. He reaches into my jacket, which miraculously is still in one piece, and pulls out his business card. 

"So, are you ready to take me up on my offer? it's about time I retired" He pulls back the hood of his cloak and my eyes widen as I see nothing beneath it "don't worry" he laughed, "No body required"