"Hey..." he frowned, as he materialized in the void. "This doesn't seem like a day... it looks like you took way longer. And what did you do to my office?"

"Redefined day. I mean, why would the omnipotent ever be limited by little things like time? And all the materialistic junk was distracting, so I upgraded it."

"To empty void with nothing but one silvery globe in the middle?"

"All the space to flex my godly muscles without messing up the universe. It's the globe in the middle."

"So, how do I use it?"

"Just will to see what place you want. Will it to change to change it."

"Looks rather elegant."

"Sure. You want Gomorrah gone, no mess of fire and brimstone, you just will it be gone and it's gone. Seriously, your user interface was terribly obsolete."

"Hey, I liked it!"

I rubbed my head. My first conclusion after getting here was that God was really lousy at using his godly gifts. He could wish his old office back into existence, but he prefers to complain about it. Nope, not gonna do it for him. Old man really needs to learn that.

He peered at the sphere. "Looks pretty similar to what it was..."

"For now.  Speed of light is roughly a thousand times higher, was really sucking for long distances. Adjusted energy of photon to compensate for new v^2, all the rest kinda followed... Got rid of rigid causality. "

"WHAT?"

"Calm down, it's still there, just no longer unbreakable."

"But... paradoxes! What about cause and effect?! Logic?!"

"Yeah, nice little floaties to keep the universe afloat until sapients can take over."

"But... they will be lost without it! They need it to function! There will be chaos..."

"Oh just look at Earth."

He peered, and I saw droplets of sweat forming on his forehead. "Why is it... uh... simultaneously a sphere and a disk? ...how can it be... simultaneously..."

"Flat-earthers wanted it flat, the rest wanted it round, made it both at once."

"But it can't be both at once! It's illogical!"

"Yes, it's illogical. So? I'm fucking omnipotent, I want it both flat and spherical at once, I make it so. If I couldn't create a paradox, I wouldn't be omnipotent, would I?"

He zoomed in on Syria, apparently impatient with seeing how I dealt with the recent problems. I smirked.

"I see... wait. The cities are being rebuilt. Men, women... rebels, soldiers, Russians, Iraqui... all working together. Wait... there, a Russian fighter plane dropping... a shipment of bricks on a parachute...? How did you manage to do this?"

"I paid an individual, personal visit to every single of the religious nuts at once, and socked every single of them pretty hard for doing a really shitty job as a follower. A quick reminder of what law was meant for what, a fast recollection of sins, some choice words about trying to make others do the god's will while ignoring chosen ones themselves, another kick to the ass, and most of them stopped the bullshit. Almost all the rest required one more visit and a repeat. The remaining couple were turned into women and sent to the MTG convention to get their share of virgins. Still may need to repeat the treatment occasionally if they relapse."

"Every... single? How did you..."

"Omnipresence." I spread my arms, explaining the simplest thing.

"It doesn't work that way!"

"It works however I wish it to work! Omnipotent!"

"But human brain is not made to deal with paradox! You've made all that try to understand the universe forever unhappy!"

I groaned. "Not my problem. They are dealing with this by themselves just fine. Look at CERN please."

He zoomed in on the Switzerland, and soon located the place. "...why are they all wearing these headbands?"

"Small quantum computers, local manufacture, augment the mind process with full tolerance to paradox through quantum functions."

"How did they develop it so fast?"

"I open-sourced the universe. Dumped your blueprints into Github. That kinda fast-tracked the research."

"But now the universe has no mysteries!"

"And why would it need to? It's a framework! An API for creating wonderful things! It's not about what makes it tick, it's about what you can make with it! They have a whole future of creation! It's like a sandbox game and I just let them out of the tutorial and unlocked all the cool functions in the menu!"

"And what about malice, grief, jealousy, anger, poverty?"

"First, with punching holes in causality being at hand's reach, you can have a cake and eat it too, absolutely literally. Takes little effort. Then I... tweaked their brains a little bit. Tuned down competitiveness, tuned cooperation a bit up, removed hoarder instinct, reduced laziness and gave empathy a small boost. Nothing really big. Works wonders."

"And what about natural disasters, diseases, death?"

"Yeah, why the heck did you ever implement these? Still, didn't touch that. They are already well on the way to solve all that by themselves."

"So..." he fell silent for a while, thinking about it, a little wistful. "The day is over and now you will lose your omnipotence..."

"I will and I won't. Paradox. Omnipotent."

It was his turn to groan "You're really into it, aren't you? You want to keep working on this?"

"Nah, kinda did this as a training, but honestly Earth was not really my thing to begin with. Challenge, job, fun and all, but dear God, ponies! I want to create a whole new universe from scratch, with paradox built in and ingrained in its foundations, not tacked on top as a patch on persistent problems! And it's gonna be full of ponies!"