She had set-up her booth at the street-corner, under the giant maple tree which marked the junction of 56th and Elmsway. Her handwriting was neat and precise, such that the words on her chalk board were legible even from a distance away. 'Portraits - $1', it read. I was disappointed to find that there was no array of samples on display, which is how the street artists do it in the cities. But she was only 8 years old (I had a feeling that her birthday had passed recently), so I was willing to cut her some slack.

I ambled over, and she brightened as she saw me approaching. 

"Sir, sir! I can do your portrait! Would you like that?"

"That's nice. Where are you from? This is the first time I'm seeing you around here." 

"Oh, er, I'm not from here. I came from the city."

Which wasn't the whole truth, given the way that she had shifted in her seat. Where humans choose to plant their roots rarely interested me, but I was curious as to how she had ended up here. I rationed a tiny splinter of my powers, then divined the truth. That she was from the city was correct - more specifically, she lived at St. Horus' Shelter, which was at least an hour away by bus.

"So what brings you here?"

"Well... I'd heard that the people here are rich! I'm pretty sure they wouldn't mind getting their portraits done, right? Everyone in the city is too busy for these things, so here I am!"

I laughed, then rattled my cane on the tarmac. "You've got that part right, miss! Everyone here's rich enough that they certainly wouldn't miss a dollar or two. But I'd hate to see you disappointed."

"Why's that?"

"They may be too busy to stop by."

"Busy... Busy doing their own things? Running their businesses, such-like?"

I nodded. I knew best, after all. I lived right at the centre of the neighborhood. I was old now, a shadow of what I was once, but the sensitive ones amongst my neighbors had still been drawn to the promise of my power. They couldn't have realised that subtle influence on them, but my presence was still a signal flare to their subconscious. The real estate salesmen thought that they were the glib ones, and if they had known I was the real reason for their successes, they would have taken up arms just to get an audience with me.

And what day had not gone by without their prayers filtering over to me, permeating through the walls like sand through sieves? The lazy ones wished for riches, which they believed to be the shortest path to fulfillment. The more industrious ones wished for the opportunities to seize their own successes. Those I respected a bit more, but not enough for me to actually do anything for them. 

Not that I could, even if I wanted to. Not in my present state.

"But tell me, what do you need the money for? Say a dozen, a hundred of the people here lined up for your drawings. What would you do with the money?"

"I'd buy more supplies, of course!"

"To make more money?"

She laughed, then shook her head. She beckoned me over, and I went closer. Behind the booth, there was a stack of papers clipped to a broken clipboard. Her canvases seemed recycled, and some of them even had creased scars or crumpled dog-ears. Her instrument of choice, a boxed set of coloured pencils, was incomplete. The primary colours were missing, and of the ones which remained, they had been sharpened so many times that they were almost stubs.

"I don't know about more money, mister, but supplies first. These were the ones I found at home. It's just so expensive getting new ones, you know?"

"You think people are going to pay you for art done using those?"

"That's why it's only a dollar, mister! When I have more, I'll charge more!"

I fished out a bill from my coat, then handed it over to her. She clapped her hands, then sat me down on a cardbox box. I didn't smile, and she didn't ask me to. Her fingers flew like sparrows, and in seconds she had the basic outline of my face, my brows, my eyes. She evidently perceived me as old, and feeble, and perhaps I was.

"That's not bad at all," I said. That wasn't the truth, of course. She was terrible. I had seen so many prodigies in my lifetime that her sketch resembled the trail of slugs in heat on a canvas. But children are fragile, so I had chosen my words differently.

"I'll get to where I want to some day, just you watch!"

"And where's that?"

"I'm the only one at home who can draw, or who likes to draw. I have a brother, he doesn't get to come out much. So I go out, I draw pictures, and I bring them home for him to see. He enjoys that."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Will he get well soon?" 

"The doctors said no. So my drawings are the next best thing!"

"And do you think you'll improve, practicing like this every day?"

I had evidently moved too much, for she clucked her tongue and had me shift back to my original pose. "I don't know. I hope so. Everyone says you improve when you practise. We'll see."

"And if you could really draw better, what would you do with that talent?"

"Make my brother laugh, of course! I drew a cat once, chasing its own tail, spinning so fast that it fell over! He really liked that one. Easier than bringing the cat into his room, for sure."

"Little girl, if you did indeed have that power one day, that ability to draw and make people... feel things, what would you draw for them?"

She placed her pencils back, then dusted off the sheet on the top. She unclipped it from the board, turned it around, then handed it over to me. It was finished, but only in the sense that the task had been completed. I'll admit, there was a modicum of talent there, but just a smidgen. So much more had to be done to help that blossom. 

I looked into her eyes, just to make sure this was something within my capabilities. It was. But this was a two-way transaction. I couldn't do it myself.

"I'd draw as much as I can. Asleep, awake, I'll draw. And draw and draw. I'd make my brother happy, then other people too. Whoever wants to see them. I'd draw."

"I was something of an artist myself once, girl. I was pretty good too, so much so that people said I was their inspiration. They came to me whenever they wanted their talents unlocked, their abilities enhanced. If there was any man who suffered from a famine of imagination, I was the harvest. I made men smell colour, see sound, taste odors."

She laughed harder this time, the way children do when they are amused. "That's awesome! Maybe I'll be like you one day!"

"I'd gladly help you learn. All I need is for you to really, *really* wish for it, like it was the most important thing to you. And to believe that I, and only I, can help you with that."

She clasped her hands together, then shut her eyes. There were no words to her prayer, but I could hear all the same. If it were a musical score, her prayer was a single note, pure, distilled, ringing in my ears as convincingly as an entire church full of bells.

That sound was the only nourishment I needed. I felt the tissues bulk up in my muscles, and my skin grew taut, filling out wrinkles and pushing out age-spots. My legs grew steady again, and I let my cane fall to the side. The years fell away, and though I wasn't quite as young and powerful as I once was, I felt better than I had in decades.

What power a single believer brings.

"We'll start right here, right now," I said, as I reached into her mind.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny 
