I considered the pile of nickels. Stacks and stacks and stacks, lined neatly in precariously tall rows. 

"And it's...?"

The bank manager smiled wanly. "$550,000. Sir, I'm not clear on *why* you have so many nickels, but hording coins of any denomination does create shortages. I must presume that additional nickels have been minted simply to cover for this..."

"But how many is it?" I asked, still hardly comprehending. 

"Nickels? It's eleven million. I think you can see how that might represent a significant hardship for the money lending industry, as there are generally less than a hundred million in circulation at any one time."

I shook my head. "I need to leave this here. I don't..." I backed away from the vault. 

"We can convert it for you, sir," said the bank manager. "But it will take some time and there will be forms to fill out. You may receive an inquiry from the National Reserve regarding how you came to possess so many nickels."

"Okay," I said, half-awake, half in a dream. "I'll come back."

*Nickels. Nickels. Nickels.*

Why did I have a vault full of nickels? Millions of nickels?

On my 21st birthday I had received an envelope in the mail. It contained a vault key and the name of a nearby bank. I assumed it was a joke. But the money was real. The *nickels* were real.

I stood at the bus stop, unsure where to go or what to do. How could I trace the envelope? If I alerted the government would they help me find whoever sent the key? And would I be able to keep any of the money?

"You earned it, you know." 

I continued to stand, staring blankly at the road. I didn't assume they were speaking to me.

"John? It's *your* money. You earned it, fair and square."

The mention of my name made me turn. An older man in a white cotton suit sat on the bench behind me.

"Excuse me?" I said. "Are you talking to me?"

Only as I said it did I finally notice that we were the only two people at the bus top. The man was gracious enough to ignore the question.

"The money, John. Don't give it away. It's yours. Earned coin-by-coin."

I took a step closer. The man's face was obscured by a line of shadow cast off the brim of his panama hat. "Do I know you?"

"You may not remember me John, it's been a very long time. We met when you were younger. We made a deal. You set the terms for your employment. Do you remember?"

"I..." The man *did* seem familiar, but only in the vaguest of ways. "No. We met when I was a kid and you...what? Hired me?"

"In a manner of speaking," said the man, white teeth flashing in a brief smile. "You asked for a nickel a head. That was how you planned to make your fortune, and now look. Your fortune is made."

"*A nickel a head*?" I began to feel deeply uneasy, not because the man was a stranger, but because he felt increasingly familiar with every moment. "What does that mean?"

"I think maybe you were boasting John, but you said - said loudly - that if you had a nickel for everyone you killed, you'd be rich. And that is a very good rate, John. On this and any other world. So I hired you. We shook hands and I promised to make payment on your 21st birthday."

Like a dying thunderstorm, the veils in my mind began to pull back, the static subsiding. I remembered, still vaguely, a birthday party and laughter and saying funny things and an old man in a fine white suit laughing with me and shaking my hand. Some other boy's grandfather I had assumed. Someone who belonged there, stopping to make a boy feel heard. But the man on the bench was no older than the man at the party. Same suit. Same panama hat.

"I've never killed anyone," I said. "Not a one."

"Eleven million, exact," said the old man. "I've kept a ledger. I like things by the book."

"I haven't though," I said, feeling strangely desperate. Why? Why should I feel uneasy? If I had killed even *one* person wouldn't I be in jail?

"Oh," said the man, as if suddenly understanding my confusion. "Not here. Not on *Earth*. Not during the *day*."

"What does that mean? Where else...?"

"You're a well-traveled man," said the old man. "Or a well-traveled boy, I suppose. Either way, you have gone far and done much, even if you don't quite recall it. Though, I think if you tried, you might recall a part of it."

"I don't have any idea what you're..."

"Think to the last one, then," said the old man. "You ought remember that at least. It wasn't that long ago. You went to a world of thin men and women, almost as if the people of your world had been pulled a bit too tightly, with long, spidery fingers and red skin. Thin, red warriors. Think of that. Picture that. And remember yourself among them, with a glowing sword and blood in your mouth, cutting and cutting and *cutting*. Wild, screaming. A berserker. Hacking flesh until there was none left to oppose you. Does that ring with you?"

It did. 

"That was a dream. That was a dream." I remembered waking in wet, knotted sheets. Gloria said I had thrashed so much she'd had to sleep on the couch.

"That was your *work*," said the old man. "You do it well. That's why I'm here, actually. I told you I would pay you at your 21st birthday. That's when the terms of our original deal expired. A nickel a head. I think you're worth far more than that, dear John. I would like to re-open negotiations. How would you feel about continuing your service?"

This couldn't be real. That's what I told myself. Another dream. A delusion. The nickels. The man. None of it *could* be real. 

But if that were true...then where would the harm be?

"I'm listening..."  