I have nothing to lose.

Most of the few survivors are banding together, throwing parties. Others are trying to pillage what is left of the few pockets of abandoned civilization while avoiding the swarms of undead. The smart ones have taken over Costco stores. And then there's the Illuminati. Since they don't have to hide anymore, they throw Superbowl-half-time style parties every other day, using their brainwashed mind slaves. I've heard Beyoncé keeps outdoing herself, somehow.

None of that matters to me. Nothing matters to me anymore, except for this one question: WHY. There were no leads, no reasons, no clues. Nobody could make any connections or inferences or even correlations. Nothing was weird one day and the next everything was tits up. Every single square inch of this planet was thrust into several action flicks at once and my only goal in life now is knowing WHY, so I came to the epicenter of it all. What I think is the epicenter of it all, at least, since the most multi apocalyptic activity has been happening around here: Los Angeles. I have to wear a suit crafted with fallen robots to camouflage myself from their patrols, which buys me only a few seconds. This wouldn't work in hotter climates, but in the now very snowy California, robots have to be in battery saving mode all the time and that means that they allocate less energy into detecting biological markers. Ah, yeah, there's a climate apocalypse here too. It hit the Mediterranean sea the hardest... it boiled. It boiled so perfectly so fast the entirety of Europe smells like fish soup now.

I see a bright light up in the sky and curse. Is this another meteor? Will this tilt the Earth again? will it counter tilt and bring Earth to where it was again? Will it mess up the tilt twice over AGAIN? Will the reptilians stop sacrificing suburban housewives to celebrate EVERY TIME? But I don't think this one is a meteor... there are more, and they are static... and there's music.

Just music in the air. And it's not an occult language praising the elder gods. No, it is rock. American pop rock. I must be close, I can feel it in my bones, in my marrow even. I venture further, I am on the right track. There are explosions, but no war machines around. No planes, no tanks, no soldiers. The air is filled with guitar solos and explosions and the night sky has been decorated by a kind of *aurora borealis* that resembles an American flag. I press further and happen to walk past a glass, and my reflection terrifies me. I am no longer a short Latin divorcee in her mid 50s. Now I am a white but supernaturally tan, extremely thin, extremely busty, leggy blonde with a childish face. I feel so cold now that I have lost ALL of my body fat. It took me decades of taco consumption to build all that blubber... and it's gone. I press on. I must.

I arrive to a mansion surrounded by UFOs that throw destructive lasers around, but the place remains untouched. There are explosions, cars racing in and out of the many gardens and I can make at least six different pools full of unnaturally tanned thin women, mostly blondes. There are brunettes and redheads here and there, too. I walk toward the mansion itself, and hear a woman yell "take cover!" near me. She takes cover and I see a grenade fly past the second pool and landing inches from my feet. I do nothing. It explodes, but it does not hurt me, not even the booming sound hurts my ears. The woman looks up, puzzled. She looks into my eyes and says "I used to be the gardener. My chest was hairy... I had a beer gut". I press on and enter the mansion. I walk past Mexican stand offs, gun fights, bikini clad women fighting each other, meowing. Literal cat fights, those are. I walk to where the music takes me, to where it is the loudest and finally arrive at a room flooding golden light and sparks of blue, white and red.

I enter. "it is you! I knew it was you!" I yell in my high pitched voice. "But HOW?"

The air feels electric. There is silence.

Michael Bay turns around to face me. He is now a mass of muscles. He is dressed as a mix of He-Man, a quarterback and an 80s hair band lead singer. The golden rays come from his glistening, tan skin. It's blinding. He holds up a monkey paw with a single finger bent into the palm.

"ISN'T THIS AWESOME? THEY TOLD ME I COULD MAKE A WISH, AND I DID, AND I DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD HAPPEN, BUT IT DID, IT DID!"

He laughs.

"What... what did you...?" It can't be. It can't actually be... oh, no, please, it can't.

"I WISHED TO BE THE EXECUTIVE PRODUCER AND DIRECTOR OF REALITY, AND IT CAME TRUE!"

His laughter echoes deep within my soul. I think I'm going to join the Illuminati.