I stared over my monitor at the newest recruit, probably for longer than absolutely necessary. I hid my sweating palms and my shaking hands behind my desk. It had gone on so long...

"Look. You have all the qualifications we're looking for. All I need is your signature, and you'll be set. But... how about we grab a coffee first?"

The young man smiled and agreed. What did he know? He wanted to get in good with whoever pulled enough weight he could make a paycheck. I understood that.

"Before you sign anything... This job isn't what you think it is. Frankly, I have no idea what it is. Nobody does. I started here almost twelve years ago. I didn't even want the position; my parents made me apply..."

---

Wearing a stained T-shirt and a pair of ripped jeans, sporting a lovely three-day growth of untrimmed beard, I waltzed into Business Corporation Associates, Inc., and tossed a grubby resume on the secretary's desk. "Interview with wassname."

The secretary, full of professionalism, smiled warmly. "Mr. Manager is waiting in his office, please go through."

I shrugged through the door and plopped down sideways in a chair. Mr. Manager stood, offering his hand; I handed him my gum wrapper. All he did was chuckle and toss the wrapper in the trash. "Glad to see the youth are thinking about the environment these days," he rumbled. "Back in my day, kids just tossed their trash on the ground. Now, young man, I hear you're interested in a position here!"

I shrugged. "Meh. It wasn't my idea. Parents said I needed a job."

He chuckled again. "You listen to your parents, eh? If only my kids were as polite! Now, tell me - what are you looking for in our company?"

I locked eyes with him, holding my gaze until it was long past uncomfortable. "Nothing. Get it?"

He nodded as if I had made some deep comment, and answered, "Of course, of course. Ask not what your company can do for you, and all that. Very dedicated! What would you say to a management position?"

I stared at him incredulously. My plan had been another summer lounging around my parent's basement, playing video games. It almost sounded like this man was going to offer me a job in spite of my actions! I sat up. "No way, man. I'm not about to sign up to be some money-grubbing pencil-pusher like you."

I thought about it for a second, then just in case, added, "Corporate freak."

Mr. Manager grinned. "Good! I'm glad to hear it! Too many kids these days want a clear shot to the top, no effort. Working your way up from the bottom, that's the ticket! Learn from the little guy!"

He stood, rubbing his hands together. "Young man, I would like to introduce you to someone. Mr. Engineer. I think you'll hit it off just fine. Back in a tick, eh?"

He rounded his desk, pushed through the doors, and headed down the hall as I broke out in a cold sweat. I didn't know how to do... well, anything! Whatever they put me in, it would definitely not be video games. And if I *lost* a job... well, let's just say that it would be better to have never tried at all that to have tried and failed, no matter what . Dad was very particular about "honest work," and he was prepared to back that up. But if last year had taught me anything, it was that if I couldn't get a job, I was fine. I needed to do something. Anything. What was the worst thing I could do? I gave a sidelong glance at the leather-covered desk. Maybe... if I left an, er, gift? But just before I could unzip my pants, the door swung open. Startled and already more than a little jumpy, I whirled, bringing my fist around in a wide punch that smacked right into the face of, I presume, Mr. Engineer.

His head bounced off the wall, the door, and two chairs before it came to rest on the floor. Mr. Manager walked in to find me staring down at the unconscious, and likely wildly concussed, form. "Oh good heavens! Come with me, straight to security!"

Well, it wasn't what I'd planned, but as long as they didn't press charges, this was the best outcome I could have hoped for! Or at least, that's what I thought.

Jittery from the sudden influx of adrenaline, I missed the first part of what Mr. Manager told the security guard. I tuned in to hear him finish, "This young man laid him out with a single punch!"

Two other security officers had dashed upstairs half way through, likely trying to restore Mr. Engineer to life. The security man, a beefy, middle-aged fellow with a name tag the read "Security," and in smaller letters, "B. Security," held out his hand. Meekly, I held out both of mine... and blinked when he grabbed my right hand and started pumping it up and down. "Good work, son. I don't know how that man slipped past security, but if it wasn't for your quick wits, it might have been 1992 all over again."

As my jaw dropped in absolute horror, Mr. Manager clapped me on the shoulder. "You don't even need to sign anything, young man, we'll get it all sorted when you come in next week. Don't worry about coming in until Monday, you rest up! I'm sure this was quite the ordeal!"

I was hardly out the front door before the man I'd knocked out was being lead outside in cuffs. What had I gotten myself in to?

---

I stared down into my coffee cup. "That wasn't the worst of it, of course. When I started, I was trying to avoid work, but every time I slipped away, someone caught me brainstorming - that is, sleeping - or team-building - that is, playing video games on my work computer. Every move I made, I was praised. I got raise after raise..."

I lifted my eyes to those of the young man on the other side of the table. He seemed a little unsure of himself. "But... isn't that a dream come true?"

I leaned over the table. He flinched back. Good, he *should* be scared.

"No, kid, you don't get it. People call me every day, asking if the Paper Report is ready, or if the Sheet Documents have been signed. I make things up. I sat in on a random meeting because they had donuts, and somehow saved the company a million dollars. Or rubles. I don't know. Maybe it was Zimbabwean dollars. That's not the point, though. I've given presentations that were nothing but the blank templates, and gotten *standing ovations*. It's insane! It's mind boggling!"

The kid pushed his half-filled mug to the side, surreptitiously glancing at his watch. "So... uh... you really have no idea what you're doing?"

I shook my head. "You're not listening. *No one* knows what they're doing. No one! Everyone talks about nothing! They give vague figures, present charts and graphs that have been lifted off Google Image Search - like, the first images - and act like they know what they're doing! Everyone does it, and everyone else acts like they're the greatest thing since NASA! The whole company is mad - **mad** I tell you!"

I slumped weakly back against my chair, wiping the spittle from my lips. The kid looked a little more sure of himself, now. Maybe I gave him an out. Maybe the poor fool could get out, while there was still time.

He nodded sagely. "Ah! I understand what you're saying!"

I almost wept with relief. He understood! It wasn't just me! Finally, there was someone I could connect with, someone who-

"So you're saying it's a marketing firm - right? Awesome! When do I start?"