This was it. I'd done one-on-one sessions, live shows, grown my reputation, all leading to this.    
I even worked with a cop once, though that partnership dissolved pretty quickly when he refused to give me any credit or acknowledgement. A lot of people who witness what I do can't accept it, and often even the ones that believe what they've seen won't admit it to anyone else. Too afraid of being laughed at, distrusted, losing credibility.  

I'm not afraid. I know who I am and what I can do, and I want the world to know. I *need* them to know. This is my chance.    
When debunking and myth-busting became popular again I came up with a plan: pick the shows that have a flawless record for exposing frauds, wait for one of the shows to get incredibly popular, and then reveal my abilities. Maximum exposure.    
I was a striking looking woman, too. Olive skin, black hair, they weren't unusual, but my eyes were steely blue with gold spiking out from the irises. 'Central heterochromia', it was called, and mine was quite pronounced. I knew they'd be excited to get an appearance from me based on my appearance alone.

&#x200B;

    
We got to the small apartment. They'd run out of spooky manors and derelict warehouses in the first few seasons, so now it was mostly unassuming places like this. Props to the editing team that would have to subtly make this place seem sinister, I thought.    
They usually were the scene of a crime, at least. The research team dug up any police records or old newspaper articles stretching way back, to pinpoint any possible people the psychic might detect. The psychic wasn't told the location, so they had no way to prepare for that.    
Of course, a crime or death didn't necessarily result in the spirit being trapped at the scene. Luckily, this place really was haunted. I could feel it from outside, this place had been marked by the spilling of blood.    
I noticed a change in the host's emotional aura. Something about this place had disturbed him deeply.    
   
Maybe he felt it too. I found that many debunkers were born with a low level sensitivity. It gave them the confidence to call out the fakers.    
He went up to one of the producers and seemed to be arguing about something. It seems he didn't like the location. It definitely wasn't much to look at, but there was something there, I knew it.    
It was too late to change location for the day. Cameras were set up, and it needed to be shot and sent for editing by the day's end. The host seemed resigned, and nodded.    
Chris Jacobson. Not overly handsome, but approachable and charismatic. He'd played small parts in TV shows in his 20s, and hosted an entertainment section on the local news, but once he hit his 30s he hit his prime.    
In his free time he'd had youtube channel where he dissected psychics and mystics, and when he'd reached a respectable following and prime hosting age, he was offered a timeslot and a budget. And he'd delivered on that investment.    
    
We walked into the living room. I sensed a dark presence. When it came to murder, most spirits were sad or afraid. But some, like this one, were furious.    
"I sense it." I said, not seeing any need to delay. "There is a spirit in residence."    
"Okay." Chris said calmly. "Can you tell me anything about it?"    
He never goaded the psychics. That was one of the best parts of his show, he would allow them to feel comfortable and to weave their stories, and once they finished he would lay out the inaccuracies and the contradictions. He wasn't afraid to end inconclusively either, saying that there was no proof either way.    
His producers hadn't been fans of his approach at firste, but he'd argued successfully that there were a million shows on air already if *that* was what you wanted. He'd been right.  

I walked slowly, feeling the energy in the room. A black fog surrounded Chris. He didn't like this place. He kept his poker face on, but I could see more that what others did.    
I followed the angry energy. It led me to the sofa, to an area of carpet that radiated heat. I knelt down and placed my hand on it, at felt it beating as if the ground was the wall of a giant heart. Someone had died here and bled their life out onto the ground. You could change the carpet, but there were definitely traces of blood underneath that had soaked into the hardwood.  

"Someone bled out, right here." I told Chris.    
He never revealed the details of the cases until the psychic had made their predictions, but the shock on his face told me that it was true. But there was something else in his eyes. Fear? These things can certainly be disturbing.  
I focused on the life that the energy belonged to. The best way to describe it would be that I was tuning into its frequency.    
I saw him right in front of me, kneeling as well, his hands on the ground as he stared at me. Brown eyes, brown hair, a few tattoos on his upper arm. He wore a dirty grey shirt and jeans. There was dried blood on the back of his head and shirt.  
"There! You can see me now, can't you?" he said when I made eye contact.    
"I see you." I said.    
"Who?" asked Chris. His crew looked at each other nervously. He was trying to keep his usual cool, but they knew him well enough to hear the repressed emotion in his voice. He must feel something, I thought, I can tell.

&#x200B;