*Picks up Phone*: Hello? *Voice*: In 5 years, you will have 30 seconds to talk to YOU, right now. Make sure you have something good to say, because I'm stumped. *Hangs Up*

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

What would you say to that? Was it a prank? No. Because the voice on the other end was mine. It was my inflection, my words. "Because I'm stumped", that's a very me thing to say.

I could write it off as a joke, a random call.

But, in the months since, it stuck with me. It drove into my mind like a wedge. I told my friends - but I didn't tell my family as they would think I was going kerr-razy.

My friends laughed, or showed interest for a few minutes, and then carried on with their own mundane amusements - whose dating who, the pointless work issues of the day.

Only my friend Nick took an interest, and over a few beers gave me the one decent chat about it.

The years did pass, and it never left my mind, but life continued as it is prone to do. I met a girl, she loved me, and I loved her, and then she broke my heart. I spent six months feeling that mortal depression - why were we not together? Why were we not spending every single moment together?

And that faded (and it took much longer than six months, I lied). I threw myself into work, and I threw myself into expanding my social circle. Through one new friend I met another friend, and we met at the right time to start a company together. I'll stay anonymous but I think you will have heard of us. Next time you order a food delivery, you're probably sending 30 cents my way.

Three years ago I met Diana, and it's not the intense love I felt before - but it was a humble one, a mature one. She waited for me when I was unready for a relationship. When I was ready to let go of the past, I realised just how deep a relationship could be, I love her.

And last week it was five years. I don't think to the day, necessarily, but I remember it was March 2013 when I first got that call.

In that time, no wizard has come to find me. No inventor has turned up with a magic "dial-the-past" phone.

On a whim, I dial my own number - it had been on my mind for a day or two, and finally I think "dial my own number". It's still the same number. I fully expect to go to voicemail.

*Dials phone*: Hello? *Me*: In 5 years, you will have 30 seconds to talk to YOU, right now. Make sure you have something good to say, because I'm stumped. *Hangs Up*

I wouldn't change a thing.
