What? What do I do? 
I look to the sky and see the instrument of our destruction poised to destroy everything. I turn to take one more look at my beloved before I set off my journey to save the world. 
I whisper "I won't be long, my love." 

... I believe it to be three years later but my concept of time has changed since the sun is always up. Ive found three of the four pieces of eight that could destroy this ghastly rogue planet. I think they are on to me though. The shadows they i see are bit darker now. I think back to my first clues of salvation, I didn't think of it at first but if the world is frozen in time how are shadows moving throughout it? The flashback ends and i see it again the flicker out of the corner of my eye. They're upon, the faceless nemesis that put this rogue devastator in the Earth's path. 

Weeks pass and I'm at the final acropolis holding the key to humanity, I haven't slept since San Jose though and its starting to get to me. The task is almost over but will I survive the end? The faces, they haunt me and they won't give me peace. The faces I pass everyday of the people waiting for their salvation that may never come and their shadows ... they hold a dark secret, beings that feast upon destruction that have been waiting silently for me to fail. I reach to 1000 stair and look upon the roots of destruction. Then I freeze with fear the beings that have wrought our destruction are finally willing to face me, they look just like ... me. Hundreds of my face staring me down waiting for me to make the first move. As I step they do too, in unison we slowly reach one another like some sick funhouse mirror trick. We are face to face. I'm face to face with myself... I take the plunge, I run to final piece in the middle of the space being scraped and cut as I do and finally I am brought down. I unison I hear my voice say it is over, this is the end, I am lost, salvation is lost..
I can't give in I must succeed, I crawl to the last piece and throw the other three into it. A beam erupts towards the planet destroying it.. It is done but time is still frozen and copies of me are gone. All except one that says as I get up, "Congratulations we have finally become one, you have wrought the salvation of humanity at the cost of yours. You have become Death and time is forever lost to you. Was it worth it?"
