Irene nervously shifted on her bar stool. She had a habit of fidgeting when nervous. "So, you got the tickets alright?" she asked quietly.

Tabitha sat at the stool beside her, leaning in to hear her over the chaos. "Six AM," she replied. She spoke in a hushed tone, but not whispered. Inconspicuous and unheard.

The bar was busy and chaotic, which was good. It was imperative that their plans draw as little attention at possible. Discussing at length in the quiet of one's home was out of the question. Sure, the odds that someone was paying attention would be slim. But in a crowd like this, extracting their words from an audio feed would be nigh impossible.

"I'll take it," Irene said with a sigh. "Anything to escape this crazy cesspool of a city."

"City? More of a failed social experiment," Tabitha said. A series of distant pops sounded outside, soon followed by squealing tires and the roar of an engine fading into the distance. "God almighty," Tabitha muttered, "it's only Tuesday."

"Do good deeds and get time in return. Use it to pay prison time," Irene said in a mocking tone. "What could go wrong?"

"Oh they sure thought this out," Tabitha said, continuing the mockery.

"Every conceivable scenario."

"We'll just let governor decide what counts as a 'good deed.'"

"He decides what counts as a crime, surely this is no different."

"A child could do it."

"A child did."

Their food arrived. Bar notwithstanding, they couldn't afford to drink and kept to their water. The bartender was not enthused.

Hardly a bite into her food, Tabitha piped up again. "And they wonder why everyone's looking for a way out."

"Nonsense," Irene retorted, "the counterrevolutionary ideas came from a very vocal minority. But once we started listening to everyone's private conversations, we discovered that almost nobody disagreed. In fact, everyone loved it."

"Yet the population is declining rapidly."

"Must be all the murders."

"Not the international flights?"

Irene shook her head. "Not allowed unless you buy round trip and have legitimate business. Who could buy round trip tickets and _not_ return?"

"Who wouldn't want to come back?" Tabitha asked rhetorically. "It's perfectly safe as long as you're rich and can donate to the governor's charity."