From the ground, the ship looked like a second moon. Cindy stared up at it through the thick glass of the command tower.

“All attempts of contact have been shut down,” she mumbled. “It’s like they’re deliberately blocking our comm-signal.”

“Do you think they’re dead?” said Terry. “Maybe it’s one of those drifters. Or a plague ship even…”

“I don’t know. I think it should’ve crashed and burned then, and not entered orbit.”

Cindy looked over at the scrawny technician with frizzy blond hair. They needed to send up a shuttle and investigate, but she knew that as soon as she suggested it, he would jump at the opportunity. The mission would potentially be dangerous, and she didn’t want Terry getting hurt.

“I know what you’re going to say.” Terry put a hand on Cindy’s shoulder. “But I’m the man for the job, and you know it.”

“There are other technicians, okay? We’ll send one of the agri-techs.”

“Oh, yeah? Who’s going to take care of the crops then? This is my field.”

“It’s too dangerous; we have no idea what’s on that ship…”

“Yeah, well, we’re going to have to find out, aren’t we?”

And with that, Terry left the control room.

*****
Captain Amara’s face trembled like jelly and attained the color of the classic strawberry one in the ship’s cafeteria. 

“No,” he said through his teeth. “I won’t allow it!”

“Allow what?” said Dr. Louisa Reynolds. “You’re not in charge anymore.”

“These… these people… We were supposed to be first!” Amara spat, and froth got caught in his mustache. “The sacrifices we’ve made… the decades of isolation and… well, I won’t allow it!”

“Sorry, but as soon as we land you no longer make the decisions here.”

“That’s exactly why we won’t dock. We’ll make our own colony up here.”

“That’s ridiculous! You can’t just keep us here,” Dr. Reynolds threw up her hands. 

“I can and I will,” Amara said. “As long as this ship is floating, I’m in charge. I won’t let these people stand in the way of my triumph.”

“Have you lost your mind, Captain?”

“No, and it seems like I’m the only one thinking clearly here,” he said and nodded to the bridge guards. “Take her away.”

“What? I’m the head physician on this–hey get your hands off me!”

*****
r/Lilwa_Dexel