It wasn't until he asked me that strange question and I looked down at him and saw those eyes that I remembered I don't have a son, not anymore at least.  

I wondered if it knew where it had taken the image of my son from.  I thought about how I could explain it to him.  How living things on Earth dream.  Did it know of our night time hallucinations and yet not know of how our dreams so easily turn to nightmares?  

I wondered if I could say something to get them to look right.  How many times had I thought to myself, just one more time, just let me see him one more time I'll do anything.  Someone please let me hold my son again.  But as he was he seemed wrong.  Not my son but a mockery.  Those eyes, those reminders.  Staring back at me, haunting me.  Reminding me of how I let him down.  How it was my fault he was gone.

I wondered if I was being callous.  I had no idea what this thing was that I was speaking to, what destruction it could reap upon our world.  Was spirit real, and was it a demon from another world?  Had some sort of scouting alien spacecraft come across our pale blue dot?  Perhaps I should simply list an increasingly larger and larger set of technological defense systems, I wondered.

Yes, I wondered.  

But an unassailable urge to hold my son again over took me.  I knew I only had one hand to play that could possibly help the Earth and still assuage that urge.  If the first lie would work then I would spend as long as I could side stepping the additional questions, being with my son until either the being grew tired of my game, or felt it had gained the information it needed.  I had hoped that the Earth would forgive me my hubris, but I felt I must hold my son again.

"Our defense system?  Are you being silly with daddy? You silly head, asking me that question while showing me those eyes.  Okay, okay, I'll play along.  The defense system is you!  You and I.  And a lot of other people on Earth.  But the most important part of our power is subterfuge.  You have to hide those eyes kiddo.  I thought you'd learned to hide them a long time ago!  Remember?  You blink real hard and focus, and poof, back will come those beautiful blue eyes."

My son looked at me, his smile unphased, a second or two passed, but it felt like an eternity.  And then he blinked hard and opened his eyes.  I wanted to cry, seeing him whole again, but i knew I couldn't show it.  Staring back at me was my son's perfect face.  Once more, for the first time in such a very long time.