A bit late to the party, I know.


I strolled down the boulevard, watching the trees waving in the breeze. Well, let me rephrase, the howling winds that came with a tornado. It was an early Sunday morning, as I made my way into the church at the end of the boulevard. Flinging open the door, I hear the crack and boom of a power line falling behind me. Just the right amount of drama as the lights went out.
From the basement I could hear screams, elderly and childish mingling to form a cacophony of sadness and fear. Making my way down the stairs, I find the small congregation huddled in an interior Sunday School room. The children cower behind their mothers. The elderly couples hold each other and cry about loving them forever.
The tornado hits, but the basement can't protect all of them. Glass shards fly past me through the door I had flung open. The windows that had been in the outer halls, inset high in the walls had shattered and been thrown around into the room. Heavy objects began swirling around, the sanctuary above was ripped off of the foundation, taking the ceiling with it. I stood there in the chaos. Watching. Waiting. Hail and objects the tornado had picked up pelted the congregation relentlessly. Only a few of them remained safe. Assessing the damage, I touch each of the broken bodies, summoning the spirits. I heard gasps of horror from the dead and living alike. I knew what they saw. Their worst nightmare in the flesh. I glance around the room and snap my fingers. The spirits dissipate, headed for the judgement realm. 


I'm running through a forest. I know that I have to kill whatever is chasing me, but it's huge and I can't kill it. If I try I'll surely die. I turn and hack at the beast in a last ditch effort, hoping my knife is large enough to catch the jugular, and to my surprise, it does. A flash of light is followed by a voice in the heavens. 
"What you have done will bring unimaginable consequences. You will never have a normal life, you are the new Death."
I blink, the full force of this responsibility hitting me moments later. I killed Death?


Thinking back to that time, as I have many times before, I realize, if Death can be killed, that means I might be free of this curse. I proceed to leave the ruins of the little church. The tornado has ended, and I have to deal with one last stop. Entering the small convenience store, the cashier shrinks away in terror as I approach the counter. Behind me, the bell clangs and I turn around. The most beautiful human I've ever seen, approaches the counter next to me. He puts his hand on my shoulder, before I realize what is happening, his hand tightens. It shifts into a more feminine hand. I don't understand, but then I feel a knife on my throat. I don't want to die, truly, but I feel the knife drag along my throat. As I feel my body disintegrate from my feet up, I see my killer, a perfect copy of the true me, holding the knife towards the cashier. I watch as (s)he vaults the counter. Then my eyes are gone


This is a bit of a different twist on the prompt but I still really like it.