"When you have nothing to lose, you have everything to gain. We had *nothing* left. All our scientists, all our leaders, all our celebrities. Gone. And we were left to our own devices. That's when we decided to attack." I watched the video more times than I can count. These words were coming from the first President of the United Countries of Earth, a worldwide nation that came together to fight the Jupitarian Invasion.

We'd heard rumors. Jupitarian prisoners of war landing on Mars, begging for refuge from the dominating savages who'd conquered their people. But we always assumed it was another extraterrestrial race who had conquered Jupiter itself. Turns out these were Earth-bound Jupitarians.

My name is unimportant, but my role is not. I'm a scout and scholar for my people. They sent me and a small band of others back to Earth, to our homeland, to see if we could find a sign of survivors, free them from the orange-skinned Jupitarians. What we found instead was far worse.

The warrior race, each towering over nine feet tall, was now a slave class, put to work by our own kind. It made me sick to think that Earth could be so evil. But then again, we'd left behind the worst of the worst. What could I expect?

When we had landed, we did so in what was historically known as New York City. From what we'd heard, it was once the capital of a country called the United States of America (though that would later change to another city called the District of Columbia). Now, it was called New Birth City, and it was the capital of the planet itself. It was where the invasion began, and where it ended.

We found ourselves in a place called The New York Public Library. It has statues of cute, but overly large cats in front of it. They had archives from 200 years ago. An entire digitized section on the war.

The Jupitarians touched down on New York, just days after the Chosen fled Earth from the other side of the planet. In a city called Beijing, I believe. On that day, political borders no longer existed. On that day, hatred and bigotry no longer existed. Humanity sent all of its forces to New York, and they won.

They outnumbered and overpowered the Jupitarian forces. The President of UCE was a military leader from Colombia who had been left behind by his superiors. He took the shot that claimed the Jupitarian King's life, earning him the support and devotion of the human survivors.

Despite unifying the entire planet, all of the population soon converged into what was once the United States of America, in order to build it into something greater than it ever was. Then there was the question of what to do with the Jupitarians. After all, all their ships had been blown up by bombs, and their weapons melted down for resources. The conquered then became the conquerors, taking the Jupitarians and forcing them to do slave labor. Judging from the archives, there was a massive massacre of the Jupitarian survivors at this point. Any who rebelled were quickly and ruthlessly slaughtered.

I couldn't bear to read anymore. It shocked me that such a seemingly Utopian paradise could have such a heinous secret. It is at this point that I should let you know that my team has been captured by New Birth City soldiers. They have been tortured for information, though they are very much alive. At least, this is what I've learned from a Jupitarian who works in the facility where they're being held. I gave him food and a kind smile when we first landed, and it seems like he is paying that kindness forward.

I fear that the UCE might now be planning an attack on Mars and our Jupitarian and human communities as revenge for their abandonment. I have to stop this. Like the President said when you have nothing to lose, you have everything to gain. But he never realized that when you have everything to lose, you risk it all for no gain.