*"Did you kill those women?"* The question resonates around the courtroom, somehow creating silence by being spoken. All fell hush as they eagerly awaited my response, more than a few with a personal vendetta against me. 

"No." The only roar of outrage from this statement was, unexpectedly, from an old gypsy who was waiting in the rough wooden pews to see me hung. I had killed her daughter some time back and she seemed to follow my trial more than the others, her face glaring at me from every stand I was put on. 

"How dare you to do that! How dare you speak falsehoods after what you've done to her! No more!" She then said something in what sounded like old Latin or one of those other dead languages and pointed a gnarled finger in my direction before her incantation dissolved into wordless yelling. 

Nobody in that courtroom knew what truly happened then except for her and me. I, inexplicably, felt an uncontrollable urge to tell the truth. I somehow felt that, if any lies were to escape my lips, something terrible would happen. She looked at me with a sense of pride and defiance as the judge banged his gavel and called for order in the court. 

There would not be order in the court for long. 

As the court settled down, the prosecution looked at me again and resumed his questions. 

"Are you sure? Your fingerprints were found on at least nine bodies, with eyewitnesses for another ten. You didn't do this?"

"No." I said again. I did do it, but the way he had phrased his question allowed me to exploit a double negative; no to the question *'you didn't do this'* was both grammatically correct and factual, but managed to hide my true actions. 

"So this wasn't you?" he obviously didn't believe I would do something like this, to deny my crimes in front of the dozens of friends and family members I had taken someone from. He was pointing to a shiny television monitor that showed clip after clip of me entering soon-to-be crime scenes, leaving freshly made ones, and occasionally even a video of me directly committing the crime. 

"This was not me." And it was true. That television wasn't me, nor were the flashing lights it was showing me and everyone in the courtroom. I, once again, could dodge a question by responding truthfully, which seemed to outrage the gypsy sitting in the front row even more. 

&#x200B;

Part 2 coming soon!