When she got the puppy, I honestly thought her mother had gotten it for her without telling me. We had split up not too long ago, and she was still feeling spiteful I suppose. It was our first Christmas apart and while I did not want a dog in the house, I couldn’t very well take the pup from her now that she had it. My ex denied it when I confronted her about it later, but that was to be expected. Strange started happening as the puppy grew, but I chalked it up to a growing dog with strange colored eyes.

The next year I told my daughter to write her letter to Santa, and I would send it off for her, but she told me she could do it. I was proud of her for being so grown up, and things had settled down with my ex and the puppy, which had grown in to a full grown large black dog. On Christmas morning, when she opened her present and pulled out a strange looking doll I had never seen before I asked her who gave it to her. “Satan,” she said, cheerily. I thought for sure I had just misheard her and she meant Santa, so I chalked it up to an early gift from her mother again that she had labeled as from Santa so I once again couldn’t say no and let it go.

Over the course of that year, things started to change a lot for my daughter and I. I began to feel we were haunted, though I had never had a problem in the house before. Her dog seemed to continue to grow until he was nearly as wide as our hallways and taller than my eight year old. His eyes were a deep red, and when he panted I could only smell sulfur. I hadn’t noticed this before, though I wasn’t sure why. The doll seemed to move on her own, also. While my daughter slept, I would check on her during the night and every time I did the doll was in a different place in the room. My daughter’s position never changed though, so… was she sleep playing? Then it happened while she was at school, and the doll found her way to other rooms. Maybe the dog was moving her. I wasn’t sure. Things slowly digressed from there, and I thought for sure I was going crazy.

The next Christmas the most excitement came from a gift she didn’t even open. In fact, I couldn’t even tell there was a gift until she jumped up and gave the air a hug, shouting “You’re here!” I stared at her, now scared for my daughter as well as myself. It was a couple of days later that I found the “thank you” notes. They were stashed in my daughter’s nightstand drawer, and I found them while straightening her room.

The first read something along the lines of “I appreciate your interest in Hell, my life and my helpers. I understand your desire for a puppy, who doesn’t want one? I will send you one of my special helpers to guard you as long as you keep in touch.” It was signed, -Satan

The other two were similar, thanking her for keeping in touch, knowing exactly what doll would be perfect for her, going in to more detail about his life in Hell and everything going on between them and Heaven. The final one telling her he was angry people weren’t being kind to her and he would send her a friend, the perfect “imaginary” friend.

It clicked. I must sound crazy, but for the first time in a long while I didn’t feel like the world was insane, or like I was. She had been writing to Satan, not Santa. Maybe it was a spelling mistake the first time, who knows? But he seemed so mundane in his responses to her, just like a guy with a penpal that was bored with his normal everyday life and wanted someone to talk to. This should have terrified me, freaked me out, I know, but somehow it was calming. My daughter was best friend’s with Satan…