I had never been GOOD at being Good. Say what you might, my natural tendencies just happened to be a little... off kilter. But I knew that, and, well, I knew they would know. So, I dedicated myself to being Good, y'know? To being exactly the clear, pure blooded Good everyone hoped to be, and stifled my deepest inhibitions. Super stifle. Super. 

At first, I learned to just stop my actions. I was young, my blood relatively clear, and it stayed that way, I told myself, because my sins have stopped. I mean, that's what we learn in school, and the doctors praised me after I started, each check up telling my mom how moral and kind I must have been. My mom milked it up like a fat chick being told she was hot. I learned to watch for Good. Monkey see, monkey do, right? And besides, it's not- 

I stoop to pick up a piece of trash, shifting my bags awkwardly. Sorry, I don't mean to ruin this dialogue for you, but I am walking, so as not to waste energy, and I have to hustle to make it over to the shelter. It's only like 20 meters to the donation bin, and I try to donate an item whenever I get something new, because why should I keep the things I work my ass off to buy? I actually hate walking, especially when carrying all this shit and why would we have developed cars and bikes and shit if not to use them but after I get rid of this bag it'll be easier. After that, it's a measly (gag) 22 blocks to the shelter and I can get rid of the next drain on my soul and wallet... all this walking is killing me, even though it's supposed to be good for your body... all I'm saying is ME not using gas is never gonna stop the world from producing it. 

Re: the shelter, I'm just dropping by, since I actually teach free community music lessons over at the library, but first I promised to visit the shelter with some cookies this morning. I try to do things for the shelter because it's Good, but to be totally honest I try to do the jobs and things that can be done from a distance, cause... well you know, it has that SMELL to it. The whole place makes me want to gag but I can't be mean so...

Ugh, anyways at least it's over. They've got their cookies and now...

Oh! I was hoping, and now I do have time, to swing by Sunny Pines to listen to the advice of the elderly, since they like to share and not enough people like to listen, and I think you can just learn so much from them. It's also one of the easiest Good things you can do, since you only have to ask a question or two to get them rambling for an hour. Wish me luck. 

Update, for you all. Mrs. Grohm shared her expertise with me today about an episode of Wheel of Fortune. Or, wait, was that it? Who was the man on the reply last night? She kept asking where her dog was, too, but the nurse said the dog is dead. It was a really uninteresting conversation to be honest, and Mrs. Grohm went on about how her family never visits her, and I can kind of see why. 

Anyways, I have to go butcher my ears and try to help the tone deaf enjoy sound. This job is easy. Easy as all hell, actually, so long as they make noise, they're happy, and it's not like they pay me enough to care more than that. But to be Good, I include a compliment to every single kid, every lesson... no matter how hard it is. Gotta run now. 

Alright, here we are. The last part of my day. I am now sitting down to knit. Winter is coming, and the homeless cost more taxes if their ears freeze off than if we knit toques to cover them now. I am okay at knitting. I only know how to do this one pattern for toques, and I only do it with onsale yarn, which are usually ugly colors, so with the lame pattern and bad colors, they don't look great... but who are they to complain? 

You know, being Good isn't as hard, or as bad as you'd think. People smile, and talk a lot, which is annoying, but they occasionally do things back, and the reputation is fun, it's like always being the popular one. I always have someone telling me what a great person I am, and it's quite the confidence boost. 

I can't help but wonder, what would we be like, if we didn't have such an easy tell? Do you figure I'd be mea-

FUCK OW! What the actual shit, that hurt so goddamn- wait. 

What. 

No. No this is fucking bullshit. Not a chance, fucking all of this for that? This sludgy ass gunk? Twenty-four goddamn slave labor ass bullshit years for blood this black? 

Well fuck it. 

Haha. 

Hahahahahaha. 

Oh my god fuck it all, if all that's been for nothing then screw all these jackasses. 

I'll get my full wreak of Bad, but for now I'll start with a piss on every goddamn donation bin in this city. 