I didn't recognize him, at first; though I had certainly seen him before. A lifetime ago, when my hair was fair, my eyes still clear and strong.


I turned from the window, from the sterile view in those sterile rooms. He just stood there, perched so casually upon the wall, but there was nothing in the lush gardens of the home even half as beautiful as him. I had never seen anyone so handsome; not even my beloved Richard, the morning of our wedding day.


My left hand tightened around my walker, but my right went to tighten the straps of my gown.


“I would have dressed, if I'd known you were coming.”


He just smiled at me, this black-eyed, raven-haired Adonis. Heavily-lashed eyes did not blink, only regarded me with eternal tranquility. 


My walker's squeaky wheels creaked as I pushed my way toward a chair. I glanced at him and patted the seat beside me. 


He seemed surprised. Black eyebrows rose, and in my prime, I might have had a reaction to the gesture in those perfectly sculpted features, those full lips in a face distinguished by its high cheekbones.


He moved languidly, with a feline grace in that perfectly tailored suit. He might have been going to a funeral, I thought, and a dark humor perked the corners of my lips.


He sat next to me, and he did not protest when my wrinkled hand landed over his. 


I closed my eyes. The sun was just an hour before rising, and I could hear the growing music of the birds as their chirps began, lazy and recalcitrant in the dim atmosphere of the early dawn. In the back of my mind, I registered his fingers curling around my own.


“That was you, wasn't it?” My voice was soft, no longer ringing with youth, but weary, thick with age and use. “When Billy went.”


I felt the weight of his stare on me, and I turned to meet his gaze. I'm not ashamed to admit my breath did hitch, this time, when my eyes met his; I felt I would drown in those fathomless pools.


“It was.”


His voice deep, blacker and thicker than the darkest of ink, and its unearthly tone raised the hairs on the back of my neck. 


But I knew it was him, the day we lost Billy. He was only four years old, but the leukemia had ravaged his tiny body, decimating it of the glow and vitality that should have been the claim of any child. 


Death had looked different, then, when he came to take my little boy. Not the caricature with the scythe and robe, of course, but different, dangerous, and sinister.


“Are you ready?” he asked.


I looked around the spartan walls of my room in the nursing home. My dulled eyes went to my nightstand, the only segment of that space that was truly my own.


I saw the pictures of Richard, my friends and parents, and in the back, a tiny yellowed square, of the only child I had borne and lost. 


All gone. All having lapped and passed me in the track of life.


“Yes,” I said, turning now to smile at Death. “I am ready.”


He stood, then, all broad shoulders and long limbs, and eased me up beside him. He took both my hands in his and his dark eyes captured mine. A cool pulse radiated between us, and the breath in my lungs was cut short, abbreviated at the end of my life. 


I opened my eyes, and to my surprise, I saw my body still there, sitting in the chair, immobilized and lifeless, a puppet whose strings had been snapped.


I looked down at my hands, no longer frail and spotted, but firm, and strong, and pale with a glow not dissimilar to Death's.


The world faded around us, but I could still see Him, clearly, his eyes never wavering, always affixed on mine. 


He smiled, then. “Are you ready to see them?”


“Yes,” I said, almost laughing with joy. “Yes, I am.” 