"Noooooope. No chance. No way. I'm not falling for this one again," the dragon bellowed, "I mean, seriously Dominic, how dumb do you think I am?"

"Well, first of all it's *Sir* Dominic the Bold"

"More like Sir Dominic the Dumbass for thinking that I would take care of a princess after what happened last time."

Dominic paused. He wasn't sure what he was expecting from this conversation, but he was pretty sure it wasn't this. "Sir Dragon," he stammered, before being cut off.

"How many times do I have to tell you people?! My name is Phil! Not Sir Dragon, not Lord Dragon, not even Trogdor the Burninator... **Just. Phil.**"

Dominic began quaking in his boots as Phil's ire continued to rise, but he knew he had to complete his mission, for the good of the Kingdom. 

"I've been here for millennia, minding my own business," Phil continued, "and every couple hundred years, you imbeciles manage to get yourselves in a war you can't win and come crying to me for help."

"Sir--" Dominic began, before catching himself, "I mean, Phil... What happened 'last time'? You may have lived for thousands of years, but I'm only twenty two, so forgive me for my ignorance."

Phil growled. This human seemed different than the ones in centuries past. But time had taught him to always be cautious around these creatures, for they were small and flammable, but clever and deceitful. "Every two hundred years or so," Phil sighed, "you imbeciles manage to piss off a neighboring nation more powerful than you, and when they raid your Kingdom, every time, without fail someone comes to seek my help. Usually for help in the battle, but sometimes they come seeking my help to watch over the heir to the throne. Seven centuries ago, a man not much older than yourself convinced me to watch over the Prince until he could take the throne. Not three years later, knights raided my cave seeking to kill me for kidnapping the Prince."

"Surely, one incident hasn't--" 

Phil cut off Dominic swiftly. "What is that human expression... Ah, yes. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. For, you see, three hundred years later I was approached again. The castle had fallen, but this time it was the Queen herself who graced my presence. She had escaped the castle, but had grown separated from the King. She was with child. I helped her give birth to a son. She died shorty after giving birth to the man who would become King Philip the Draco."

"She named him after you, that's quite the honour, Phil!"

"It was an honour, indeed. Until sixteen months later when my fortress was assaulted by the King, Philip's father, for regicide and kidnapping again. You see, he had no idea that I had helped the Queen and had raised his son. He wanted vengeance for the death of his bride. I killed him in self defense, but that night I left Philip with the castle Steward, and explained what happened... That was almost four hundred years ago. It hurt so much to have to give up my son, and to have my name besmirched by your kind, yet again. I swore to never help the Throne again."

Dominic certainly had not been expecting this. When the King entrusted him this task with his dying words, Dominic never would have known that he wasn't the first human to approach the dragon asking for a favour like this. Dominic hesitated, then quietly said, "look, Phil... I understand that humans haven't exactly been kind to you"

Phil scoffed, as a small puff of smoke escaped his nostrils.

"I do," Dominic continued, "but without your help... The princess, lady Phyllis, will die alongside me, in a creek overflowing with blood"

Phil paused. "What did you say her name was?"

Dominic smiled, his plan was working. "Lady Phyllis, of the Draco clan."

Phil began to sniffle. Dominic had never seen a dragon in person before, and from what he had heard, he thought they were incapable of crying.

"Alright." Phil growled, "I'll do it. On one condition."

Dominic was elated! "Yes! Anything!"

"You have to stay here too, to explain this to whomever inevitably comes to kill me in a few years."

Dominic knew he had no choice. "I agree to your terms, Sir Phil the Draco. You are a being of honour."

"And you are a human with a noble heart, something I did not expect to see again."

Dominic looked to the infant princess, and smiled dryly. 'Forgive me,' he thought to himself, 'Princess Abigail.'