"BEHOLD!" Okathnar, The Great Conqueror of Many Star Systems and Decapitator of Bitch-Slave Rulers of the Mioda Region yelled, upon decapitating another bitch-slave ruler in front of his crew. He held the mangled, bloody head, the third one of the three-headed dragon-like demi-god up, and spat in its eye, before its last fading vision of life deteriorated, and then tossed the head into the bridge-bound meat grinder. He laughed as the flecks of meat dribbled across the metal grated floors of his command ship and his minions feasted on the dead bitch-slave ruler's flesh.

"What a glorious massacre! The bitch-slaves may fornicate and produce many young, but our grand army of replicant warriors have shown them how feeble and mortal their bodies can be, and how pathetic the need to reproduce is!" confirmed Okathnar's second in command, Legmathigrap, the Killer of Wolf Children.

"Yes, Leggy, I do agree that I am the greatest thing that has ever been imprisoned in flesh! Now, BOW TO ME AND LICK MY STINKY TOES!" Legmathigrap, humiliated, bowed to his master, and Okathnar laughed raucously. He was just about to kick his second in command in the face, and retire for the great nightly orgy, when his lieutenant informed him,

"Oh Great Conqueror of Many-"

"Skip to the important part!" Okathnar demanded, an inconsistent demand which was only levelled when he was particularly drunk, aside from which, he demanded that his whole title be announced.

"The President of The United States, of Earth, wishes to come aboard, in another attempt to make peace," the lieutenant explained.

"Laugh at him!" Okathnar commanded, and the lieutenant replied to the request with mocking laughter. "Now, open up a channel, so that we may *all* laugh at him!" The lieutenant obeyed, and opened a channel to Earth. Okathnar began to belly laugh, and all his subordinates dared not do anything different, until they shut up abruptly as Okathnar said to the monitor,

"BEHOLD! FOR I AM OKATHNAR! Conqueror of Many Star Systems! Decapitator of Bitch-Slave Rulers of Mioda, look upon my work!" and he pointed to the decapitated three-headed dragon on the ground.

"I...yes, I see that, uh, you've done some...some good work, there, Okathnar. Well, uh...my name is President Yasir Fainjones, and uh...well, I just wanted to see if we could try this whole peace thing again. You know, uh...the last time you came to my planet, well...well, you didn't leave that good of an impression!"

"Your females are puny and ugly! Do not blame me for ripping their spinal cords from their backs during intercourse! I laugh at their weakness! We all laugh!" Forced laughter began as Okathnar pointed at the monitor, bawling in laughter. "Your race is feeble!"

"Uh...well, I hear you say that Okathnar, but you know, it's uh...the United States and China that, well...well, we forged a unifying pact. And well, violence is easy, Okathnar, but this thing we've done...uh this peace- this was hard. It was hard work," Fainjones began to explain, but Okathnar laughed at him again.

"Listen to how he whines!" Okathnar replied. "teleport a strabblom into his arms! I want to see him squirm with it again!"

"Your wish is my command, Oh mighty Conqueror of-"

"Just do it!" Okathnar yelled at his lieutenant. A three legged animal covered in green jizzum appeared in the president's arms and started spraying all over his suit, as it made weird noises resembling to air-horns mixed with female orgasms, leaving Fainjones entirely confused and frustrated. He grappled with the slippery animal as he tried to speak with Okathnar, who was now bawling with laughter, along with his subordinates.

"Uh, now listen here, Okathnar! Goddammit, this thing! Come on, Mark, get it off of me! Okathnar, now listen- stop- stop squirming! Dammit, stop!"

"Your ridiculous ape limbs make my laughter receptors buldge!" Okathnar commented, and cut the channel. "Launch a thousand of those into their atmosphere, and make sure they're pregnant! We'll come back next week and laugh at them again! Let us go home and feast upon the spoils of our victory, as we eat the Bitch-Slave Rulers and puke their guts onto their subjects!"

Okathnar's ship fled from Earth's orbit after launching several capsules over the primary continents, as well as a satellite that relayed a gigantic atmospheric cloud which spelled out "Pathetic!"