Jon

The fog of frozen winds lingered, biting at the skin of his nostrils. Jon sloshed through the snow in the mink leather boots that carried him this entire journey. The boots of the Nights Watch. The boots of those who take the black. His wearing of them at this point, was ceremonial. Symbolic. They were still his brothers despite what they did to him. His small party had been slain and with the bite of the northern winds tugging at his life force, he was starting to wish that he had joined them. 

Would it be like the last time? Would the Red Priestess find him once again? He could only ask this question to the winter grey skies. He spoke the question aloud. The behavior of a mad man. Had the Mad King behaved this way? This question he asked to himself in the hush voice of his thoughts.

The trees stood burnt. The stripped away skeletons of what they once were. He stepped his way through them, half fearful they would come to life and claw at him with their long fingers scratching at his face.

He entered a clearing with the skeletons of the trees packed dense on all sides. The clearing was wide, perhaps wider than the courtyard where he had learned to fight. Lost days now. So many ghosts now wander that courtyard. Ghosts that perhaps call his name in the language of the winter wind.

The sound was slight, but he heard it nonetheless. The wight seemed to pounce on him from above, winter blade arching down. His fear reached for the blade in his scabbard. It was as though the emotion had a mind of its own. His anger forced it upward. He had two allies in this battle. 

The crystal blade shattered as the wight came down upon him, its cold fingers reaching to dig into the hollows of his eyes. 

He saw another figure step out from among the trees. More of his brothers have come to kill him and here he was on his back like an upturned Braavosi turtle. The fingers of his enemy inched closer. In the span of a single breath, the fingers were gone. His hands ached. The wrists of the wight were ripped from his grasp. He turned and saw a trail of snow with a mass of leather half buried into a newly formed mound. 

The leather fought with itself then separated as the two figures rose to face each other. The wight was tall and broad, an imposing figure by any standard. A walking eulogy to the once great warrior who stood in its stead. What rose to face the dead man was massive. It was as though this being came from another world. He wore the armor of his brothers. 

Not the Starks. No. The word didn't feel right when placed upon the sons of the family he had come to know. 

As much as he loved them, as much as he missed them, he now recognized the black armor as the armor of his true brothers. A fallen brother, no doubt, for whom would be so brave as to arrest this man? Why would a man of his stature and might not have served his way through knighthood to become a lord? Perhaps this man felt he was needed. Perhaps he is a response to the fear that has spread across the land. Perhaps his voice has finally been heard. Winter is here and who will stand to fight against it? This man most certainly has. His motives matter not.

The sword he carried was massive. The weapon of a giant. The weight of such a sword should drag his arm down, yet he swings it as if it were a twig. The dead man fell away from himself to writhe in the slush. He seemed to land as two leather halves searching for each other in the snow.

Three Others stepped out from the trees and before this warrior. The Other at the center, Jon recognized from the day the Wildlings rose from the dead. 

The Others were different. More than just dead men. They wore armor that glistened like ice. They knew of dark magic. They knew the secrets of the dead. The two Others that flanked the one in the center drew their crystal blades as the the middle one rose his palms into the air.

A hand burst from the snow to grab at Jon's ankle. He kicked it away as he rose to his feet and his boots stumbled for purchase. His Valerian blade was already in his hand and he remembered not when he had grabbed it. They emerged from the snow around him. His Valerian blade ran through many of them before they could fully emerge, but before long the two warriors were surrounded. He turned to see the glowing red eyes of his savior. The lord of light had reached him yet again.

"Jon." he said.

The warrior moved with the speed of nature. He seemed to fall into movement. It looked effortless to him, as though his actions were always meant to be and eager to arrive.

The blade work of his black brother was majestic. The massive blade twirled and made music against the blades and bones of their enemies. The three Others were gone. Only their footprints remained.

Jon dodged an empty axe handle as it came down upon his head. His dagger came out and he turned to deflect it from a crafty enemy, the corpse of a child. He found his Valerian blade in the child's forehead. More madness. Lost time. He pulled Longclaw out from the tiny skull and behind him to remove the hand of his axe handle wielding foe. The head followed and both adversaries fell into the frost.

" Come with me, if you want to live." said the timbre of his saviors voice. 

More of the dead rose up, as though planted like hideous flowers. They ran and, as they did, a liquid metal crept in their direction over the snow and frost covered stones of the Northern wilds.