Edit: first time poster, I usually just read these but this one gave me an idea.

 He was strong, confident, the type of confidence that comes from thinking no one and nothing can hurt you.
    He snatched me from a shitty little corner store in the middle of the night, perfectly timed so no one saw it happen, not realizing I was waiting for him to take me. Stuffed me in a bag and tossed me in the backseat of his truck for the long drive to his house somewhere in the countryside. 
  I could hear him muttering in the front seat about his other plaything waiting back in his "workroom" the entire drive, the only break in his ravings a hacking cough that lasted several minutes. Apparently he grabbed her yesterday in broad daylight which was new and exciting, the added risk of getting caught making things almost fun again. I understood, I've taken countless people during the day, usually several at once. 

When we arrived at our destination he opened the back door, pulled the bag off of me and stared at me almost lovingly, with what looked like hatred mixed in for an uncomfortably long time before carrying me inside. 
   I immediately took notice of the woman strapped to a table, visibly shaking as she craned her neck to see him walk back in the room. As far as I could tell he hadn't touched her yet, just enjoying her fear of what may come. 
He set me down nearby, looking back and forth between us, trying to decide who to start with. I waited patiently for him to make up his mind, I have all the time in the world.
  His eyes settle on me and nods to himself, his decision made. The woman on the table looks relieved as he walks over to a shelf off to the side and grabs a blowtorch, smiling as he lights it on his way back to us. The relief drains from her face when the flame sets my skin alight and he inhales the smoke deeply while staring at her with a manic look, knowing her turn will come far too soon. 
I take pleasure in the knowledge that I'll kill him soon enough, if I'm right about that cough, and I am. My process honed from years of victims.  


He should have bee smarter, everyone knows, smoking kills.