He felt a familiar prickle on the back of his neck.


Was it possible? It couldn’t be. It had been so long…


He felt it again, a little stronger this time. He slowly turned his head, letting his gaze slowly sweep across the expanse of his tastefully and expensively furnished living room.


His living quarters were protected by the most formidable security system, and if his system had failed, as all manmade systems were wont to do, his preternatural senses would tell him if he had an intruder. But the security system was still up and running, and he could not sense any other being, living or not.  So when he felt an even stronger prickle, he was absolutely sure he hadn’t imagined it.


He turned around fully, scanning the room for the sparkle that usually followed the prickle. He looked high and low – he remembered that fixing the arrival point wasn’t easy. He thought he caught a shimmer right in the middle of the living room, so he kept his gaze fixed on that spot. The shimmer quickly grew into a sparkle, and he hurried over to move the ornate, glass-topped coffee table out of the way. He grabbed some blankets and throw pillows and tossed them on the floor, arranging them to form a makeshift safe landing zone.


He worked incredibly fast, his heart racing like it hadn’t in decades, yet he barely had enough time to move out of range as the sparkle grew into a big, dazzling orb twice the size of a basketball. The orb hummed quietly as it grew even brighter, getting so bright that he had to shield his eyes. Finally, the orb pulsed three times, and with a muted pop, vanished and discharged its occupant right in the middle of the soft pile of furnishings.


When he heard the soft thump, he opened his eyes and rushed over to examine his visitor. The person was lying face down, wearing nondescript clothing, with a fall of silky black hair swept to one side. Puzzled, he knelt beside the person’s prone form. 


It looks like… but the hair…


With a shaking hand, he reached out and touched the hair, and it came away in his hands. He let out a surprised (and undignified) squawk and sprang backward, flinging the hair aside, mentally scanning through a list of poisons, toxins, and diseases that caused massive hair loss. He was starting to go down the list of antidotes and treatments for each one when three things happened almost at once: he realized that the silky hair was actually a wig, he noticed the well-remembered mass of curly dark brown hair that had been hidden under the wig, and the owner of the head of curls groaned and then spoke.


“Madi? Is that you? Did I make it?” Upon hearing his name, Madi sprang back to her, remembering at the last moment to control his movements to make them seem more natural.


“Pallas? Is it really you?”


She groaned again and turned her head to face him. When she saw him next to her, she slowly smiled and reached out to clasp his hand.


“Oh Madi. I really did make it. I was almost out of hope…What year is it?”


“2122.” She gasped and grasped his hand tighter.


“So far. So very far. I kept trying and failing for so long that I thought they had already succeeded…” Her voice was hoarse, very different from the low, melodic tone he remembered. He covered the hand he held with his other one and worked to swallow the lump in his throat so he could speak.


“Pallas. You’re finally back. It’s been so long, I thought you were gone forever.” His voice cracked on the last word. She began to sit up, reaching out with her free hand to touch his face.


“Oh my darling, I’m so sorry. I never meant to leave you for so long. If you only knew how long I’ve been trying…” Her words trailed off as, with a soft sigh, she fell over unconscious. Madi caught her in his arms before she hit the floor.
