Raj was one of the farmers who lived with his daughter on the edge of the village. Despite his appearance ( a muscular frame sculpted from years of hard work and long jet black beard) he was one of the kindest men I have ever met. He is known in our village because although he rarely comes into town whenever he does it is a real treat. I often sat with Raj and listened to stories from his younger days or played with his daughter (she was close to my age at the time)...but that was before. 

Our world seems to run on the merits of physical strength and monetary standing; around the time of the incident a new lord had just taken over our land. He sent his soldiers into town to "keep his peace" but with no regulation things got fairly rough.  The few strong men in our village couldn't stand up to the garrison of 15 well trained armed men from the castle; which meant there was no one to stop them from being base criminals. It was after around a month of their petty crime (extorting the baker, drinking for free at the inn, and just being a menace to the people) that they first met Raj. 

I'll never forget the day Raj walked into town pulling a cart of his fresh crops to feed the poor. His massive form was shredded and bulging; straining against the bulk of food he was bringing to town (and the added weight of his daughter on the cart). It would have taken most men using an ox to pull that cart but Raj...well he's Raj. The problems started when Raj began his usual routine of unloading half of his crop into the food bank, a donation for the town. 

One of the soldiers Mark, a thin framed asshole , approached Raj and jokingly remarked about him being a waste of muscle. Raj merely apologized to the man for his perceived problem and began walking away. The other soldiers seeing the man as weak joined mark spewing insults at Raj and began hitting him as if he was an oxen. Throughout all of this Raj kept a smile on his face and apologized, he only saw the good in men, a fact soon to change. As Raj left for his farm later that evening (covered in small bruises from the switches made by the soldiers) he seemed depleted- as if it had taken the full strength of his soul to accept the punishment he was just meted. I had never seen him look haggard and worn but that night for the first time I saw his age and realized how old he actually was. His daughter was staying the night with an older women who was sick (she was trained in medicine- I don't know how she knew it). 

The shitbag Mark couldn't leave well enough alone and it was on this night they decided to test their luck. I don't know what happened exactly- I only know what I heard- the soldiers ran into Raj's daughter in the early morning and by the time she got home she had suffered severe trauma. The soldiers assumed Raj was too much of a pussy to do anything and knew the town wasn't strong enough to kick them out. What they didn't plan on... was the anger of a gentle man...or should I say rage.

 Raj came walking down the dusty road into town a few hours later. I could tell it was him because of the size of his form with the sun at his back. He wasn't walking how he normally did, a soft gentle gait, he moved with precision and force. The ground seemed to quake at his approach and the air itself seemed afraid. When he got close enough to see his face I couldn't recognize him- his smile had melted away and a scowl twisted by rage had replaced it. His eyes which were normally filled with light and love were cold and inhuman, his beard normally well kept was twisted and wild. His hands were molded into fists, his muscular arms rippled and his veins bulged under the strain of their form- these fleshy hammers  had been formed from the darkest aspects of his soul. 

"Mark " Raj bellowed with such force that the heavens shook and my body was frozen by fear. The soldier approached him somehow un-phased by this display of sheer power (he was probably too dumb to realize what happened) and placed his hand on Raj's bulging chest. As Mark open his mouth to speak he was met with a thunderous knee to the chest. In one blow Raj had broken half of Mark's ribs and dropped him to his knees. Raj placed his enormous hands on either side of Mark's head and interlocked his fingers tight- with the strength that comes from years of hard work under the sun- and ultimate rage he brought his palms together. Mark's head exploded and flattened like a pancake under the immense pressure; Raj tore out the spine from where Mark's head used to be and with a demonic roar charged the garrison house. They had forgotten that people are people and they had elicited a gentle mans rage. 

