The mountain was cold. My domain, from crystal snow to slick rock, this land was mine. The last place not touched by man, not corrupted by their stone obelisks, by their machines, by their mess and their pollution. And, lying before me, were the scattered dead of heroes sent fight to me. Some impressionable demigods who had some semblance of power, their bodies now bitten by ice and cold till their bled and choked upon the very lack of the sustenance of all living things - heat.

Yes, this was my life. Here atop this mountain, living in this cave, living a simple life of meditation for even a god can try and further his own understanding. Far from the wars of the gods below, where they believed the only thing to further was their own power. Now, some mortal men were almost gods, whether their disciples by millions of soldiers or millions of fans who cried their name.

In truth, being a god means very little now. Whichever being that once claimed to be god of the moon no longer lights the days of nights of man, and they could do without the god of the sun to shine their light upon them. Nature, day after day, was receding. The ancient spirits of the wild died day after day, at the hands of these new gods, these mortal men.

Of course, the other gods had sided with man. Hoping that could adapt to something new, but only sought to the destruction of the world around them. The only spirits that survived now were of death, decay, and the cold where man could not live.

Yet, even now, the snow was beginning to melt away. Bit by bit, the icy north and south became water and flooded a polluted and sick sea. Yes, the gods that ruled now were death and decay, because truthfully only they could side with humanity. Those that once decayed flesh now lived in the destruction of the world itself, and death's maw was open wide to everything by man. But the cold, the cold the other gods saw as weak.

So they would speak false promises to these young children. These demigods, these spirits. Some even tried to use the new human sciences to try and face him, but the cold mountaintops were too much for even the greatest of man-made machines. The only ones that could challenge me were the gods themselves, but they were growing weaker, if not in power itself, then in mind and essence.

Now I'm looking across this glacial floor, at the four young demigods stood before me, with their special charms to survive the cold of the outside, yet here I can see it. The blood is draining from their skin, and they are shaking. These stoic heroes, and against them I rise to my feet. I've tried speaking before, to try and speak these young ones down.

In truth, conviction is only worth a thing if you keep it in righteousness, and humanity stopped being righteousness the moment it realized it didn't truly have to suffer the consequences of its actions. 

Instead, feel the snow fall from my robes and I reach out to one and give him the gift of cold, the deadliest gift of all, and he shimmers and cracks. In that moment, I see the glorious light in their eyes become rage and they rush for me, shrugging off the unnatural cold. 

From the floor they come, my spirits, catching one of them and dragging him down, down, down into the ice and the pair come to a stop, and this is where I see it in their eyes. They grow close, these idealistic children. The light shimmers in the young boy's hand and I see the glistening of a spear covered in blinding heat, and he hurls it straight for me. The work of the god of the sun, yet his home is far and his magic is weak, the spear shatters, cold against my plating, and with one wave the boy shrivels up and freezing, and now the girl is running for me, and the spirits that just dragged one to their death grab another and she cries in anguish and pain and she is dragged deep into the ice where she will meet a painful and horrid end.

Another four children dead.

But, I tell myself, I'm not the one who sent them.

And I return to my throne.