I stood back. Mouth agape in shock and terror.

“Who..what,” I stuttered.

“Isn’t it obvious you thundering dolt. I am the devil,” My teddy bear grimaced.

The teddy bear grew larger and darker. The room got hotter with the bear’s size.

“How are you?...Why?... I am on drugs that’s it. I took something or was hit with something,” I nervously reasoned.

“Nope, I am the devil. Let me explain. Every so often I choose a sad miserable human to follow around and fuck with for shits and giggles. Sometimes, I reveal myself for my entertainment,” the devil cackled as he said that.

“But I’ve had you since...”

“Since you were a baby. I am the reason your father left you. I am the reason you shit yourself in second grade and got bullied throughout school. I am the reason your pants fell down during an assembly. I am not the reason everyone pointed and laughed. I got lucky. Why every school rejected you except for that shitty community college this guy. The cocaine in the back that got you kicked out and arrested. Moi. I only gave you a girlfriend so she could breakup with you,” the devil mocked.

“Well, what now,” I ask nervously.

“Well, now you accidentally called your exgirlfriend via Skype a few minutes ago. She sees you having a nervous breakdown and talk to yourself. The authorities have been contacted. You will be involuntarily hospitalized for a bit,” the devil laughed as he shrunk to normal size.

I immediately turn around to see my ex crying in the camera. I try to explain what happened, but she won’t listen. The authorities take me away. At first, I think it is good as I am far away from that bear. 

Day one in the hospital. The doctor comes into my room.

“We decided to let you have a harmless item from home for comfort,” the doctor smiled and set the teddy bear down in the room. As he left, I saw the bear smirk at me.

EDIT: wow this blew up. Thank you to everyone for the kind words. Also, to those in the comment section saying Barry, I am a Flash fan so love the joke.