"They fight for peace?" Asked the taller of the two.
"Yes." The smaller alien did not feel the need to elaborate, it was necessary that his boss was as taken and surprised by the concept as he had been. 

"Well I suppose that is worth exploring. Perhaps not as the centerpiece, but it can certainly feature."

"Thank you curator" Basque humbly bowed and awaited dismissal, to his surprise, it was not granted to him. His boss, Carandor the Visionary continued. 

"Yes, I can picture it right...there" he extended a long, tri-jointed finger and pointed between Astor: The Golden Planet and Samsis a small planet that contained life so intelligent, it's 15 million person population had  merged their collective consiousness into Seven super beings who ruled over all others- the perfect representative democracy.
Yes, war for peace would go nicely between those two. If  Carandor was being totally honest with himself, The Golden planet was shiny but of little substance, without some kind of middle piece, the contrast between those two planets would be too great and it could detract from the quality of the whole exhibition.

"Basque?" 

"Yes sir? "

"Who is the creator of..." He jestured towards the gap between the two planets again, confirming to Basque that yes, his idea would feature.

"It's called Terra, curator" Basque stated proudly. "Ansis Mora is the Architect"

"Never heard of her. Go to her and see what she wants for it. But I'm warning you, I won't pay more than 24,000 for it."

"You want me to aquire it?" Basque was almost shaking with excitement. "I am just an intern sir, I make drinks and take minutes... I'm not sure I'm ready for..."

"Nonsese, this was a good suggestion, and it was your suggestion. Do you want to become a curator some day? Perhaps launching your own gallaries or exhibitions?"

"Yes sir, of course sir!"

"You clearly have the eye for it." Carandor placed a comforting hand on the boys shoulder.  
"I have absolute faith in you. Extraordinary Life on Extraordinary Planets will be a success my boy, let's place part of that success on you."

Basque nodded and turned to leave. It wasn't explicitly stated, but he had essentially just been promoted. "I won't let you down." He stated firmly.

"You'd better not." Replied his boss. "Oh, and one last thing boy. If Mora won't sell you the rock, just abduct say...40% of the population, I have plenty of spare planets to put them on." 

"Understood sir."

Carandor took a step back and stared at the 440 planets hovering in the great hall. It was to be quite the exhibition indeed.
