James Audientis had always been a weird kid.  He knew that's what everyone thought but he didn't feel weird, he just thought differently than everyone else.  He wasn't interested in the social back and forth of high school, who was dating who and what happened at last week's party.  James was the sort of person who sat in class paying half attention to the teacher while living in vivid daydreams thinking about what new design he was going to paint when he got home.  

And that's exactly what James was doing on a warm Monday afternoon at 12:15pm, sitting in history class waiting for the 12:20 lunch bell.  He was lost in thoughts of spiraling blue and orange patterns that turn into purples and reds then back to blues. James hated history class not because he hated history but he always felt a weird itch all over his body that he could never scratch. It was never there before or after though he sometimes felt it briefly at lunch.  The itch was usually so slight that he could sometimes almost forget it was there but today it took great effort to force his thoughts towards art.  He watched Mr. Shaw change the PowerPoint slide as he transitioned from the English civil war to the Cromwell reign and  James thought to himself that PowerPoint must have been designed to turn something inherently fascinating as boring as humanly possible, but then again maybe it was just Mr. Shaw.

Across the classroom he heard a laugh.  James turned his head to see an olive skinned dark haired girl, Christine, deep in whispered conversation with the guy next to her, laughing at something he'd said.  The itch got ever so slightly stronger as a thought occurred to James.  A crazy, illogical thought, but maybe, just maybe.  He felt truly insane just for thinking it but still, he shouted in his head

*"I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING!"*

Across the room Christine stopped her conversation mid-whisper and suddenly sat straight back in her chair, giving one word answers to the guy she'd been talking to.  He probably just said something stupid James told himself. 

*"Which clan are you?"* James jumped as a girl's voice came from inside his head, like one of his own thoughts but not in his own voice. James sat in shock.  His crazy insane idea had been right.

*"Again, which clan are you?"* The voice sounded more forceful this time with panic breaking through.

*"I, I'm not part of any clan, I sort of just thought that for the hell of it"* James thought, sitting in a still, sweaty terror as he awaited the voice's response.

At that moment the lunch bell rang and the class got up, everyone but James had already packed their bags.  By the time he finished frantically packing his things he was the last one to leave the room.  He walked.  He didn't know or care where he just needed to walk.  Blue and orange spirals, blue and orange spirals.  He tried forcing the theraputic images of his art into his mind as he turned down the hall but they weren't sticking.

James felt a hand take a fistful of his shirt and slam him against the wall, jarring him from his thoughts and almost lifting him off his feet.  Christine, the girl from history class, was holding onto him with an impossibly strong grip, penetrating him with her dark, slanted eyes.  Suddenly the itch flared all over his body, worse than it had been in class. 

*"Which clan are you from?"* The voice in his head demanded.  She was definitely speaking to him, he wasn't going crazy.  That, at least, was comforting. 

"Clan?" James stammered out.

*"Don't act dumb.  I know you're a philosophus. Which clan are you?".*  The itch was getting steadily worse and James squirmed in pain.

Suddenly Christine's eyes softened and the itch subsided.  Her face was one that James had only ever seen in passing, but he now noticed how her eyes looked, there was no other way to put it, they looked alive.

"You still have the acri" she said aloud, half to herself.

"The what?"

"The acri, it's like an itch that young philosophi have when communicating mentally, before they learn to control it." She answered, still speaking to herself.  Christine stopped and studied him for a moment, releasing her grip on him before continuing.

"But you're almost eighteen, you should almost be a fully fledged--"

"--That's what the itch is!  You've been listening to my thoughts all year!" James interrupted her.

"I keep a general ear out for danger or unknown philosophi but I haven't been listening to your thoughts".

"But when I thought of how boring Mr. Shaw is you laughed, I saw you!" James said accusingly.

"Alright, I listen to some of your thoughts.  You think of really interesting patterns sometimes, it helps pass the time" Christine responded.

"But how does it work? And what even is a..." James stumbled over the word, "... a philosophus?

"You must have a lot of questions and we'll answer all of them.  And we're going to have some questions for you too.  Come on." Christine's voice was suddenly business like and she took hold of his hand, her grip immovable, and led him back towards the classroom they had just come out of.

"Why are we going to Mr. Shaw's room?" James inquired, trying to keep the panic from showing.  Christine didn't answer, she just opened the door and stepped inside, leading him in with her.

James looked around and realized with a start that he wasn't in a classroom.  He didn't know where he was but he knew he wasn't at school anymore.  And he felt the itch, the acri, slowly creep it's way back into his body.