'The words will help him make decisions. Just casual reminders of what he will need to do for you or your husband throughout your daily lives,' i heard the nurse tell my mother when i was young. 'Even with this paired app and tablet you will be able to utilize his location and objectives for clear pairing and safety measures. This is the best alternative for child safety.'

A dark chuckle slipped out as i sat on the bar stool, my eyes clouded with my constant anger. I picked up my shot glass and quickly down my drink, feeling the liquid fire burn and fuel my anger. I tapped the bar again to signal another shot to the barkeep. "The usual," i growled. 

The barkeep came over and filled my glass up again, glancing over me. He knew. Everyone knew. That damned program was only initiated in 100 kids back in the day. Then was shut down because of invasion of an infants privacy. The real doctors and nurses had no idea how to remove the implants without killing us but we had a telltale sign of who was implanted. A ring of light around our pupils, that constantly flashed when our objectives changed or was "turned on" when someone began viewing through our eyes. The barkeep, Marcus was a friend of mine. Childhood friend. He knew all about my anger and why i left my parents house when i was only 17 years old. 10 years ago...

In the corner of my vision i saw the words shining brightly telling me to pay the barkeep and it took everything i had not to growl. Earlier as i began drinking it flashed a bright red warning that i was in "a dangerous, hostile environment. Please leave the premises and return to <Parents Home>" which ticked me off more. Each place my parents had deemed 'dangerous' was placed under a parental lock that always flashed a warning. I worked in a motorcycle shop, repairing dmaged motorcycles and sold used ones. I spent many hours ignoring its advice to return home. Today was no different. 

I glanced up at the mirror across from me and this time i literally growled. My eyes were glowing back at me. "Turn the damn thing off," i said to myself. I thought when i had left i had broken the only pad that controlled my implant but apparently my parents had another. I saw a message appear in the corner of my vision and i very angrily slammed my hands on the bar. Marcus turned to look at me, his other patrons doing the same. "No! Turn the damn thing off!" I shouted. 

Marcus came to stand in front of me and i heard his groan. "Really? Again? Why can't they just hand over the final pad and give you the peace you want?" He asked, reaching under the bar and pulling out a hand towel. He handed it to me and i draped it over my head. This was a thing for us so that my parents didn't get to see what i was seeing. I went no contact with them when i was 18 but they constantly spied on me. 

Just then a warning flashed brightly 3 times in the center of my vision before changing my objective. From a glance i could see it said to get to safety. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. "Oh no. I'm not falling for that again," he said with bitter amusement. When i was young my parents found out that they could change my objective and have me do what they wanted me to do. When it first happened, i ran home crying. Afraid that some scary man was going to kidnap me and remove my implant by force. My father laughed and my mother comforted me but i was scared. When i went no contact it had flashed again and the firat few times it was my parents changing the objective so i would run outside. Then they tried to talk to me. Now i barely acknowledged the changes because i wasn't sure if it was my parents or an actual threat.

So i lifted the corner of the hand towel and stared at Marcus. "It's telling me to get to safety again," i told him. He nodded and stepped out from behind the counter, peeking out the front window searching for signs of my parents. He shook his head and looked at me, fear beginning to form in his eyes. I took off the towel and flicked my gaze to the message, instantly opening it. 

The words said 'we can't protect you anymore. We tried to continuously move and hide but they found us. They found the program for your implant. Dont let them find you like they did the other children. Go. Run. We broke the remaining tablet tonight so they cant use us to find you. I'm sorry we did this to you and gave you this life. I'm glad you left my son... they know about Marcus. You two..  help each other. Even if you leave him he isn't safe. They will do things to him to make him talk about you. Please.... son. I'm so sorry and i love you. Now run!" 

My mind worked fast, confusion and actual fear mingling in my mind. I starred my fathers messaging before closing it and then flicked my eyes to the records. For my own safety i left on the 24 hour recording and began reviewing when the message arrived, scanning the files and images for anything or anyone out of the ordinary entering the bar. Then... there! Three people in black had entered the bar, sitting at a table about 25 feet from me and over my left shoulder. With quick math i was able to calculate how close they were and what i could do if they got close. In my vision and the mirror across from me i could see the woman staring at me before speaking to a companion and standing up from her table. She began to approach me.

Distantly i could hear Marcus trying to talk to me, something about how my parents are crazy and need to respect my privacy but my mind was on the woman. I kept my posture relaxed but inside i felt my muscles warm up, the fight already burning my inner anger. And i had a lot of inner anger issues. 

The woman came to a stop beside my stool and she smiled at me. "Hello Chase. What a wonderful surprise to see you here." The warning flashed bright again and changed to dodge the strike. I quickly got up from my seat, my left hand coming down and striking her rising hand. I heard her hiss and clutch her hand, turning to see the anger flash in her eyes. I saw my vision once again shift to what i called battle mode. It began calculating known targets and allies, searching her over with an xray like quality for weapons of any sort on either her or her companions. With a quick glance i saw she had a syringe and that her two companions also had them. Then i saw the outline of their guns and what appeared to be a misshapen gun. Quick analysis of my minds records placed it in a small hunting rifle category known to ve used to tranquilize small animals for the hunters safety. 

All of this was done in a few seconds. 

I glanced over at Marcus, who stared at me in confusion at first but then understanding. I jammed a hand up, slamming it into her jaw and knocking the lady back from me. Then i vaulted ober the counter and dragged Marcus down as i heard the two men shout. I spoke quietly but said, "activate escape route." My vision overlaid with a green light, which flashed a small line that showed the easiest and quickest path that led toward the back door and to safety. Marcus had an actual car out back but just as i began moving forward the route changed and pointed out the front door. A hazard warning flashed again, outlining the 3 assailants in yellow and their weapons in red. 

Just as i began to fear for myself, the other patrons inside the bar stood up, pulling their own weapons free from their concealed places. They pointed their weapons and fired a few rounds at the assailants and dropping them quickly. My heart beat fast but I saw the one usual Toby jump over the counter and crouch a bit from me. He raised his hands in the air before slowly placing his weapon on the ground and pushing it toward Marcus and me. 

"I know this seems strange but you have to trust me Chase. I'm here to help," he said soothingly.

"And why should i? How do i know you won't turn on me?" 

He blinked and tilted his head as he stared at me. Then he reached up and removed a colored contact from his left eye. When he looked at me again i saw that his iris was circled. I took in a sharp breath, my eyes going wide. "I'm like you. One of the 100," he said. "And I'm here to protect you and Marcus. But it isn't safe. Please... let me help."