Spring had dawned and for the first time in my life, I was truly excited 
...
The final days of the long winter had come and I, like everyone else, was eagerly anticipating the dawn of spring. I had spent my lifetime immersed in darkness and to know that I would live to see the rising sun and feel its warmth upon my face was a sensation I could hardly contain. I however, was not present at the celebrations where thousands had congregated to greet the coming season with open arms. I was lead researcher at the observatory and so it was my duty to sit at the eye of the telescope and record the coming spring and such an honor it was. I was at heart a bureaucrat and it was my passion to record and organize everything I witnessed; even nature itself.I sat at my desk and recorded every detail with pure, unrefined enthusiasm. I looked over to the various apparatus surrounding my work station. Temperatures rising, light becoming more intense, the readings were off the chart. Machines that were collecting dust for decades were now wild in motion and bulbs that were once dormant lit up in celebration. I saw the dawn begin to flood the observatory deck and spilling my coffee I rushed to the telescope. I pressed my face into the lens and that it when I saw it. On the edge of the horizon, hanging onto the ends of the earth I saw a tower. Tall, slender, dark and ominous, it caught my curiosity and soon all interest in the dawn was gone, replaced with such dark curiosity. I tried to observe it more closely, using a more intense telescopic device to make out the obelisk. I got in closer, I saw it was a creation of sophisticated architecture and seemed to be of intelligent design. In the center of it was a hole, a window perhaps and in the window a contraption. Strange, I couldn't quite make it out. Confused, I called my manager hoping he would shed some light on my discovery. He arrived and immediately looked into the telescope. There was a silence and he stared at the horizon for a minute before pulling back with a cold, still expression on his face. He began rushing, stumbling his words, telling me to "Keep looking! Keep looking!" again and again. I tried to ask questions, I swear, I tried to find out what it was but he ignored me and said he needed to "talk to the men upstairs" assuring me "it won't happen again". With that he was gone. Shaken, I returned to my seat and looked back through the telescope, the dark curiosity was now a parasite eating away at the center of my mind. I could feel it, gnawing at my thoughts and pushing through my frontal lobe. I could feel it, I could physically feel it manifest itself within me. Like some possessive force I was bound to the telescope, my eye welded to the view of the window in the tower. It was then I saw a man step into view of the window. My body flooded with fear and the tips of my fingers grew cold as I gripped the work surface, nails embedded in the desk. My eye was pushed into the lens so fiercely I could feel a circle imprinting itself into my delicate skin. The man in the window stared back into me, and I could see he too was afraid. It was dark where he was, and there was only a dim, artificial light illuminating his figure. He moved closer to the contraption in the window and pushed his face into it. I, still paralyses by fear, watched as the strange man contorted his expression and suddenly I realized, he was observing me. He was watching me, recording my motions and movement. There was a man on the other side of the world and he had been watching me my whole life. I was the speck under the microscope, the man in the mirrored room. My thoughts grew paranoid and I wanted to run. I did not know where to run, but it didn't matter, my legs would not carry me anyway. As I continued to watch, slowly the man raised his arm and spread his hand exposing his palm directly to me. He waved. And as I waved back my view turned to pure white light. I pulled back from the lens, far back, and stared through the observation deck window. Out on the horizon where the black tower had been, now there was a white and orange light which bled from the new born skyline. Before I could think an siren pierced the air in the observatory and the room began to vibrate, throwing my apparatus to the floor and shattering the lens of the telescope. My manager walked in, surrounded by soldiers, weapons facing in my direction. I heard the sound of spring rain on the glass roof of the observatory and then the sound of thunder and then the sound of children screaming. Spring had dawned and for the first time in my life, we were at war. 