"I'll let you off this time but, you have to promise to try and change your ways!" Neroman spoke his hands dramatically placed on his hips. 

"Norma- I mean Neroman I'm sorry for forcing you to come out like this, I know you've been busy with your new kid and all" Shade responded.

The Supervillan exchanged a treat of gummie lifesavers with Neroman as they walked down the street. Neroman checked both ways before taking one, his wife would kill him if he broke his diet rule. Shade smiled watching this old man scarf down the gummies like an adolescent.

"It's okay I hope they understand it's part of the job some da- WAIT! No! No! No! We're talking about you young man now you have to promise!" Neroman said his hands beginning to glow.

"Put those away Neroman I promise to TRY okay?" Shade responded his hands up in surrender. They continued walking Neroman walked faster increasing his speed until he was in front of shade walking more dramatic as his towel turned cape blew in the wind. Neroman was escorting Shade to the local precinct after catching him in the dastardly act of J-walking. It must've been an odd sight Shade was easily taller than the old man, and with his reputation he could snap him in half with no effort. Shade's soulless eyes would usually be sucking the hope out of all around him his ethereal mass less shadow head floating on a disconnected cape. However, Shade didn't mind letting this old man and his makeshift cape escort his nightmarish form to a police station. 

"Shade you dastardly, disgusting, deviant!" A small man yelled from behind him.

"That can't be grammatically correct" Shade spoke sarcastically the darkness in his hand returning, burning like the fires of hell ready to snap the upstarts neck. 

"I am PlastoMan, and I-" PlastoMan started before Neroman ran in front of Shade. "I've got him fellow Hero don't worry I'll make sure he gets to the proper authorities" Neroman stated proudly. "Hero's never change always showing off" Shade thought staring fondly at Neroman. 

"Move Gramps let the real heroes fight crime okay?" PlastoMan pushed Neroman. Neroman began to trip before he could touch the ground Shade had caught him helping him up. Plastoman's body had been flung into a near by building both legs shattered. Neroman looked up into Shade's eyes almost embarrassed and, Shade knew the walk was over.

"Oh thank you sir! Must've tripped, You must be one of those new heroes that I hear about!" Neroman responded, his hero persona dropping out of him as his mind snapping to another personality almost instantly. The doctor had said something about this happening if Norman kept heroing about. Almost like his mind would shut off his hero persona if it felt his pride was being threatened, like a ego shield.

"No, Nero- I mean Yes, Norman I am"  Shade hated moments like these. Norman would be here then gone in an instant, with no one knowing for how long. The old man seemingly lost in his own mind like a hamster in a maze. Cerberus had told him about this to take it easy on him and to cherish what was there. 

"I have a son like you, you know? Costume like yours and everything except you know less menacing" Norman said almost nervous-like. 

"Yeah my old man has been telling me I should try warmer colors" Shade responded. 

"Good advice sounds like a swell guy, HAHAHA" Norman laughed."...I hope he's doing okay though he doesn't come to see me. I don't blame him it'd break his heart, flaws of a hero right? Care way too much..." Norman continued walking forward. Shade walking next to him listening silently. 

"Can I bother you for the time young sir? I need to be at the hospital at 6:30 my wife was supposed to take me but, I think I walked off without her! HAHAHA" Norman spoke chuckling. "Come to think about it where am I going?" Norman seemed confused looking around. 

"We were going to Metropolitan on 6th, you asked me to walk you there" Shade responded pulling out his arm from underneath the cloak checking his watch. "..and you've got time it's 5:47"

"I did? Oh, your right I did! Well I'm sorry my stories I must've gotten us lost" Norman said drooping his head like a sad puppy. 

"It's okay Norman looking at the signs we should only be a block or two away" Shade spoke truthfully. Norman immediately perked up happy to know he hadn't wasted a strangers time. The two continued chatting, walking towards the hospital like comrades in arms. Turning the corner they saw a concerned looking woman, her pudgy round frame tucked into a pink sweater and mom jeans standing in front of the hospital. 

"There's my firecracker she's gonna beat me silly HAHA!" Norman laughed staring fondly at his wife. "Norman?" His wife responded almost tentatively turning to her husband. "Of course, sugarbug who else looks this good in a towel?!" Norman responded hugging her. His wife hugged him back tightly, happy that she wouldn't have to talk Neroman down and into the hospital. She stared at Shade standing off to the side just out of arm's length, but to her seeming miles away. 

"Thank you, And- I mean Shade for walking this headache back here." She said holding Norman's hand. Shade nodded preparing to warp away until Norman stopped him. "Hey Shade was it?" Norman spoke to Shade like an old friend he was seeing for the first time in awhile. "Thank you for walking me here, I just wanted to ask that if you see my kid out there tell him to come by, I'd like that" Norman spoke a slight tinge of sadness in his voice. 

"Sure old man what's his name? Hero I mean of course can't go yelling his identity all over the city! HA- um sorry...." Shade said swallowing the laughter. Norman's face lit up his wife staring at shade with eye's that dripped compassion, Shade wouldn't look at her, not anymore.

"It's fine! He goes by Shadowman, Moon Warrior, or something dark and forbidding like that." Norman's scattered mind tried to pull the old memory forward. Flashes of memories whipped past him like a train he needed to catch but, wouldn't slow for him. His son's powers manifesting, the accident that made him use them in public becoming a hero, Christmas a purple bow on a dark box, a young man crying near his bedside, fire cooking his flesh....

"It's okay Norman I think I know a guy who could help me find him" Shade broke his thought process seeing the memories almost breaking the old man. "Focus on your wife and getting better I'll tell your son you miss him." Shade waved them away Norman and his wife walking through the doors of the hospital. Shade sighed before disappearing he didn't need another hero running at him in front of the hospital.


--
Edit: Thanks for the editing advice guys I'll try and clean it up my grammar was never good, as you can probably tell

Edit 2: MY FIRST REDDIT GOLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU REDDIT!!!!!!!!!!!!