2045, Redwood County Prison

Incarceration was taxing on people, this Samantha Phillips knew when she signed up for this bi-weekly gig, screening the inmates who were low threat for early parole.  She had gone through seventy of the different inmates already, lowlifes and thieves who had just gotten a bad break in life, resulting in them taking their frustrations out on their coworkers, their bosses, or their works cashboxes.

Though a lot of the newer inmates were scared, like a few young adults who were influenced by the wrong crowd, or Jack, who lost control of his car speeding on a wet road, and was imprisoned because he hit an elderly woman in an unlit crosswalk.  There was one name that seemed to ring through each of their stories, some positive, others negatively, though they tried to seem nonchalant about it, her interest was piqued as she connected dots in her head.

Ezra Garret Letch, Inmate #6589524, Cell Block D3.  He had been convicted as being the true killer in the Redwood Ripper murders of 2018, he was said to have had an accomplice, but the young woman had never been found.  It was sad that Elisa Mandrell, age 26, had disappeared without a trace and Ezra Letch as the only man without an alibi who had also been the last to see her, had been arrested as he was tied to the other four murders.

Twenty seven years later, and Samantha Phillips now had a keen interest in this man, whose records by all accounts show he was a nonviolent pediatrician in the Redwood County local hospital.  To Samantha that made her think that he would have been a pedophile, before he was ever a cold blooded killer, but who was she to judge the mind of a serial killer.

It had taken her three months of badgering the Warden, but she had finally worn him down enough for her to get a meeting with the man.  She would have guards posted outside the door, it would be in a room with a one-way mirror, where she could see him but not vice-verse, though both could hear each other.  It had been in his best interests after all, he was mostly nonviolent, though he seemed to have made an impact in over fifty-five of the men she had reviewed for early parole, saving them in one way or another.  Just his mere presence was enough, some of the inmates had told her.  She didn't know why, but they almost seemed to revere him, or at least make changes to their lives after he had taken an interest in them.

Sitting in the cold, steel room, Samantha took in the last swallow of her lukewarm coffee, then handed off the empty foam cup to the guard who had escorted her to the room.  With a clack of metal, the room was locked and Samantha was a bit nervous.  It had been strange that they had to take these precautions, but with the man's reputation, they had to be extra careful with the risk they were taking as it was.  He was mostly harmless after all, but as Samantha had noted from the other inmates who had negative interactions, perhaps their precautions were not unfounded.  She heard the turn of a key and the shuffling of chains, as Letch was lead into the room and deposited in a barren chair, bolted to the floor.  Shuffling her notes, she smiled by reflex,  blushing red as she realized he probably couldn't see it.

"No, keep smiling, it's not often I find a Parole officer with a bit of joy left in their smiles," Ezra says, smiling in return, "I was told you had some questions for me, Miss...?"  Samantha widens her eyes, but covers her surprise with a response.

"Phillips, and that's all you need to know Mr. Letch, but you are... correct," she responds, "I am a psychiatric examiner with ties to the parolee board, but I am a third party consultant, nothing more."  The man smiles, but says nothing from it, so Samantha talks instead.  "I noticed you happen to have a- reputation, among the inmates here, Mr. Letch, an interesting one shrouded in mystery, for sure," she says, "All of them seem to think that you're some kind of 'Guardian Angel' or a fixer with connections, but I think the story paints itself a different picture..."

"A story, Miss Phillips, now what does this have to do with questions?" he asks, "Unless you're wondering why the chicken crossed the road; I've thought a lot about that one, haven't got an answer yet."  His attempt at humor was crude, but effective, as a small laugh bubbles up and dies in her throat, as she tries to regain her thoughts.  "Tell me, though, what do the masses think of me?" he asks, "I myself am not an 'Angel' by any means, but I do like to hear what others say about me; they don't really talk to me much in person, not after-"  He stops for a second, distracted.

"After you set them on the right course, after you save them from themselves," she continues, "Mr. Letch- Ezra, they speak highly of you, but the reason they don't seem to come back around, it, well, it has to do with what the others say about you... the rumors, I mean."  He nods and shuffles around.  "They- they say you haven't aged, Ezra, but I mean, that's impossible," she says, "You had to have been thirty or so when you were an accomplice to the murders, they didn't even catch you until a decade later, in 2028, and you've spent the last seventeen years helping people, even after you lost your license, but not as a doctor."

"Like a psychiatrist?" he says smirking, flipping his hair up and, or so she could swear, looking Samantha straight in the eyes, "No, Miss Phillips, I just happened to be in the right place, and I've dealt with my own fair share of young adults and teens in my own way; these people weren't that much different."  He chuckles and looks toward the CCTV camera on the wall above him, before turning back to Samantha.  "But, these 'rumors' of my aging are greatly exaggerated, Miss Phillips, I just have good genes," he says, "But if I, hypothetically of course, had immortality, it would go against everything science has ever said, that death and aging were 'wrong', or the more superstitious were right and I'm some kind of a 'warlock' or a 'wizard', dealing with 'black magic'..."  He chuckles and puts his head down in his lap.  "I would rather die, than ever be called a 'demon', Miss Phillips," Ezra says, eyes shining with humor, "What would your 'God' think about me?"

"I don't know, Ezra, but I was never a very-" she says looking down at her notes she had taken, "I always believed, but it's just a fairy tale, Adam and Eve, Cain, and the wandering Immortal Jew, the Flood, just stories..."  At that she looks up from her notes and sees the concern on his face, unusual when compared to the smiling, if resigned man she had met at first.

"Your belief is quite well founded, if not muddled by the passage of time and the machinations of evil," Ezra responds, "That's the problem with the world today, his grip is getting tighter and tighter, as the clock counts down... you know the Third World War was his doing?"  Samantha is perplexed at first, before she connects the dots.

"The Devil, you're talking about Satan himself, the causer of World War Three?" she responds, "Everyone knows it was Governor Temblor of Prakoslovakia, who was shot by the Iksani Terrorist cell..."  She stops when she sees him laughing at her, before she begins to feel uneasy in his presence.  "What's so funny?" she asks, standing up and walking around the room, moving closer to the mirror from the left.

"Nothing, what you said was the truth, what Humans know as truth, but the answer is so much more complex than that," Ezra states, moving his head to look at her, though it was impossible, "So tell me Samantha, why do you have doubts if what you believe is true?"  Samantha moves across the room, and Ezra's gaze follows her,  until she backs away from the mirror.

"What are you?" she asks, afraid that this man could see her, make her fear him, but it couldn't be true, he couldn't know where she was, he had to be guessing.  She goes to grab her stuff and her bag, ending this conversation, before she hears him humming.

"Samantha, I see in five dimensions, depth, width, height, emotion, and in a very limited view while in this shell, spatial awareness," he says, standing up in as limited a way as he can chained by hands and feet, "You're right Samantha, I'm not exactly human, I'm no Angel, but I'm able to see things, like the leaven in your bones."

"Leaven, in my bones?" she asks, "Poetic rhetoric doesn't suit a serial killer..."  He laughs at that, then moves closer to the mirror.

"You're right, I thought it would liven the mood a bit and keep you from leaving, but I see things beyond just color," Ezra says, "I'm an immortal, but that doesn't mean I was always human, I was something else, something with abilities beyond human comprehension."  She stops and looks at him.

"So what, you're some kind of super human, an alien or some divine being, sent to Earth to lead us to salvation?" she says bitingly, "That's a bunch of bull, Humans have been sending out spacecraft and technologies out to the stars, trying to make contact for almost a century now, and you're saying you've been here all this time, that devils, and angels, and God, Heaven, Hell, it all means something?"  He nods, then thinks hard for a moment, before shaking his head negatively.