Today was the day that we did something thought impossible, it had broken the laws of physics, in the chamber I had time to reconcile that everything I'd been inculcated to know about science was wrong. I was on another planet, square one all over again, also scared of the potential failure. This device had been tested on other animals countless times to this point, there was almost no chance of error, but it's always that one thing that can happen.  


With the sound of decompression and the blast door opening, I tried to communicate through the comms, no answer. And there it was.  


An instant panic struck me when the look of red, rusting blood hit my eyes, I was stunned. But not for so long that I waited to find out what was the cause. The sound of the computer terminal making ticks as electricity ran through its circuit was the only backdrop, and the room was much dimmer than when I'd left twelve hours earlier. Was it really twelve hours? Only moments ago I had seen their faces smiling and now their figures laid over the floor.  


It was too late for an apology.  


None of the scientists had weaponry on them, there was security elsewhere in the building, and down the hall. This message was left for me, so they knew to expect me, do I know who did this? I looked over each of the bodies, I knew most of the lab technicians, we had a tour so you knew who was sending you through time. There was one missing person, they had access to the maintenance areas and wore a cap, somewhat concealing them before. Didn't ever say much.  


It was probably them. But I couldn't be sure, I can't imagine who would've been capable of killing this many, the sliding doors were opening to the test chambers, there was two sets. One to enter the decontamination and the next was right in. I only had around fifteen seconds to gather myself before that was opened too.  


The first was the lights, I turned everything off. The next was a fire extinguisher from a cabinet, and lastly I needed to hide out somewhere, the only way in and out of the test chambers was through those doors. There were also no cameras here, other than the recording equipment. I found myself under the table soon, in the dark, with a board to my back.  


The sounds of the doors opening, and footsteps.