The first thing he was aware of was a humming sound.  Then a click.  And then his ears popped slightly as a small gust of wind brushed against his face along with the sound akin to a refrigerator door being opened.  

Followed by a gasp, and a startled oath: "By Siri's word!"  

His eyes blinked open, and he found himself staring up out of the preservation pod at three stunned faces leaning over him.  The first word to escape his hoarse throat was, "What?"  

The black bear leaning over him was the first to speak.  "Well, how about that!  It speaks Prime."  

"One word," replied what appeared to be a giant bald eagle.  "That doesn't really mean..."  

"Oh hush now," interrupted the crocodile with a markedly shortened snout.  "It's clearly Prime.  He said 'What?' and given the context of his situation..."  

The crocodile in turn was interrupted by a choked and inarticulate gargle from the human in the preservation pod.  His eyes darted between the three creatures as his chest heaved.  "What in the bloody hell is this?!"  

"Oh that's definitely Prime," the bear said with a smug nod towards the eagle.  

"I'm speaking English you... bear..."  

The sentence seemed to die on the human's lips, and the bear quirked a brow.  With a swallow, the human pointed feebly towards the broad muzzle.  "You ARE a bear, right?"  

"Yes," the bear said slowly and with distinct condescension.  "I am a bear.  My name is Brigsby."  

The human shifted his finger towards the eagle.  "Eagle?"  

"Roger," said the large bird flatly.  "And yes."  

The human's brow lifted as he shifted his gaze to the crocodile.  

"I am Irwin the fourth of Esson, and you would be correct in assuming that I am the descendant of crocodilian..."  

Brigsby clamped one large paw over Irwin's maw, muffling him into silence, at the same time addressing the human.  "And you are?"  

"Geoff.  Also confused, concerned, and somewhat disorientated," the human replied with a slight quaver in his voice.  "Where am I?"  

"Kwaboona," said the eagle.  When the human simply stared at him with a befuddled expression, the eagle seemed to startle slightly.  "Oh, yes, of course.  Right.  Kwaboona is a regional city.  You're in one of the medical facilities here.  The city is also an academic hub, which is how you ended up here as result of an archaeological dig."  

"You d-dug me up?" Geoff stammered.  

"Not Roger personally," clarified Brigsby.  "That was Bilbil and his team.  But your vessel was dug out from beneath the side of a nearby mountain about two days ago.  You should have seen his face when he burst into my offices that day," the bear guffawed as he broke into a disconcertingly toothy grin.  

"I've never seen a mole's eyes that wide before," said Irwin.  "But who can blame him for throwing all decorum out of the window!  Look what he found," and he gestured grandly towards Geoff.  

Geoff simply stared back at the crocodile who quickly withdrew his short, scaly arms with a slight cough.  With a quiet groan, the human levered himself up onto his elbows inside the pod.  "Okay.  Can you bear with me for just a moment?  Because there is something that I really need to check, and admittedly I'm terrified to learn the answer."  

When the three standing about him exchanged glances, followed by Brigsby gesturing a "Go ahead" with his paws, Geoff rolled to one side and flipped open a panel within the pod, revealing a display and a small keyboard.  The trio leaned in curiously as Geoff punched a short sequence, and then stared at the display.  A choked whimper escaped him.  

"Is something... wrong?" Roger asked quietly.  

Geoff could only shake his head.  It wasn't supposed to be this long.  It was supposed to be two hundred years, no more, no less.  Two hundred years for the restoration-droids to do their work, undo the damage, clean up the dross, seed the modified plant and animal life to regenerate the biomes, and leave the planet in a condition ready to start over, and this time do it *right*.  

The elapsed time on the stasis relativity chronometer indicated that two hundred thousand years had passed instead.  

"Two... hundred... thousand..." whispered Geoff.  With a shaky finger, he punched off the display and clumsily closed the panel.  He turned back to face Brigsby, sweat beading his brow.  "I've been in stasis two hundred thousand years."  

Brigsby remained silent.  Roger shifted awkwardly on his talons.  Irwin paused, turned decisively and moved quickly away, only to return a moment later.  He thrust a sandwich towards Geoff.  

"Hungry?"