You're an immortal. She is a time traveller. Every now and then, you two pop into each other lives.

It had been another 5 years until I saw her again, at least according to my clock. And it was there, in the foggy midnight streets where we would normally meet, that I knew it would be the last.

The clock read 12:30 AM, I knew she was coming because I saw the shift. It’s subtle, like the flap of a butterflies wings. Buildings changed around me. They looked lighter, more airy. I saw platforms in crystal tubes, traveling quickly through the night. 

Great, I thought. She accelerated modern elevators.

“You’re back,” I said. The street light bounced off her platinum blonde hair while her black leather pants faded into the concrete, except for the glint of her blaster through her holster. She smirked.

“You look the same as when you left.”

“Psh, I was only gone for 2 minutes.” she said. “You have that mid\-century\-o\-clock shadow bear, I kind of like it.”

I frowned.

“I’m doing you a favor, those Otis things sucked,” she said.

“Same diner?” We walked, I kept my distance. I didn’t know if I should tell her, and in that moment I decided that it would be wise not to.

Two minutes. She must be taking stronger and stronger graviton tablets. Taking deeper shortcuts through space\-time. Twisting and contorting the fabric.

“I’m worried about you, Lena,” I said. She pretended not to care.

“It’s just more efficient this way. The pharaoh and his people seem to mind when I gave them the blueprints.” She was at it again.

“You can’t keep interfering like that,” I said. She shrugged and  opened the door to Rosebud, our usual spot where we sat down.

“Coffee and pancakes, please,” she said.

“Bacon. Crispy.” I was in ketosis, it helped the years go by faster.

“what did I miss?” she asked. 

“We’re stationed in a few more countries,” I replied. “And their not good ones.”

“Makes sense.”

“Cream and sugar, please?” she smiled. “Why don’t you come with me next time?”

“I’ve been there, done that. You know the risks are too high.”

“What, because of reality splicing? If anything it will increase the probability there is a reality in which you are happy. Meanwhile, the rest of us are enjoying our time here in spacetime.”

I shrugged. Being alive for thousands of years can make you a cynic when you’ve seen history repeat itself over and over again. And give you a hero complex.