"You can't smoke in here." The voice came at me from the left. I looked up as a security guard stepped out from behind a potted plant. That was new. Since when did this dump merit its own security? He raised his eyebrow at me and pointed at my lighter. 

"You're gonna have to take that outside," he said. 

"Since when?" I asked, but I was already walking toward the door. One look at this guy told me he was a jerk on a power trip. 

"Since 2002, smart ass," said the security guard.

"Right, right," I said. "Ya fucking weirdo," I added under my breath as I stepped outside. That was the last thought I had as a sane person. After that... well, I'll let you decide. 

The building across the street is five stories. There's a laundromat on the ground floor and apartments above. It's nothing special: it's been ugly and unremarkable since the 1950s. Only it's not there. Poof. Gone. Replaced by a tall, glass building. I gape at it: it's glass doors with people streaming in and out. No one looks shocked that this goddam glass cube has replaced Rudy's Wash N' Dry. I can see the reflection of my building in the glass, looking pretty much the same as it did this morning. I close my eyes, count to three, and open them again. No change. 

I begin to suspect the cigarette. I spit it out and crush it with my heel. My heart's going about a mile a minute and it's taking all my focus not to spiral into panic. I decided I must be tripping. But I had just bought the pack that morning. My mind swung into detective mode, flipped through some files, and locked onto the kid who had sold the pack to me. He must have opened tampered with it--put something into the cigarettes. The shifty bastard. Wasn't there some crazy murderer that did something like that in the 80s with Tylenol? Oh god, oh god!

I spun around and hurried back into my building. This time I noticed the differences. The tile on the floor was gone--replaced with what? Granite? When did they do that? 

*They didn't*, I remind myself. *I'm just on a bad trip. I just gotta get back to my desk and wait this out.* 

The elevator doors opened. I did my best to ignore that the interior was different: mirrors on the walls and a little TV embedded above the floor buttons. I watched the screen in astonishment--it must be flat as a pancake. The doors opened again and I realized I hadn't pushed the button for my floor. A woman walked in and hit "3"--my floor. She  gave me a wary half smile, then bent her head over a bright screen a little larger than her palm. I looked away quickly, feeling sick. 

*What the fuck did I just smoke?* I thought. 

The doors open and the woman hurried out. I took two steps and paused. A man stared up at me from the reception desk with a look of polite curiosity. 

"Can I help you?" he asked. 

"I'm sorry," I stammered. "I must have the wrong floor. I thought this was three," I smiled apologetically and started backing into the elevator. The man's brow furrowed.

"This is the third floor," he said. "Are you here to see someone?" 

"No," I said, then had an idea. "I'm looking for Harris and Clark, the law firm." I waited for the young man's face to light up with recognition. For him to offer some perfectly reasonable explanation like, *Oh this is floor 3B, Harris and Clark is on 3A. Don't worry, we get that question all the time.*

"Harris and Clark," he repeated the name back to me, slowly. "It sounds familiar." His head bent down over something on his desk. A few seconds later he looked up. 

"I knew I had heard of them before," he said. "They rented this space back in the early 2000s. We moved in when they left in 2009."

"2009?" I repeated, dumbly. 

"Yeah, the recession hit them pretty bad, I guess. Bunch of firms closed around that time. Were you meeting with someone here?"

"No," I said, backing away again.  "This isn't right. This is all wrong. I'm not... I don't feel well." The young man's look of mild interest never wavered, but I saw his hand creep under his desk. I turned and pressed the button to call the elevator and jumped when it opened a moment later. The security guard stepped off. He looked past me at the receptionist and the two exchanged a look I couldn't see. I thought about breaking for the stairs, but I thought that would look suspicious. The last thing I needed was to be arrested on some drug offense. 

I got into the elevator and pressed G. The security guard pressed the closed door button and gave me a long look. 

"Having a bad day, son?" he asked. 

"No," I snapped. 

"You sure about that? Looks like you've had a helluva time." He glanced at my suit. "I don't know a woman in New York who would swipe right on you right now." 

"What?" I asked. 

"Did I get that wrong? I can never keep up with the lingo on these dating apps, old married guy like me. I'll Google it later." 

"Sure, knock yourself out." The guy was staring at me with a creepy kind of intensity. The doors opened onto the new lobby. My heart sank. 

"1990s," the security guard said. I turned and looked at him. 

"Mid-90s," he said, more firmly. "Hot or cold?" 

I gaped at him. He squinted back at me. 

"Titanic. Ship or movie?" he asked. 

"Both," I said. 

"97 - no! 98," he said. "1998. Final answer." 

"1999," I said, then added, "you're crazy." 

"Look at the balls on you!" he laughed. "You come into this building wearing a suit jacket baggy enough to fit two of you inside and asking about a law firm that went out of business ten years ago. But you're right, I'm probably the crazy one." 

"I'm fine!" I snapped. "I'm just... confused." I looked around again, wondering again what I had smoked. The security guard's face softened. 

"2018," he said. "You're in 2018, kid." 

"No," I said. "Not possible." 

"'Fraid so," he said. I started walking toward the door, shaking all over and feeling like I was about to be sick. 

"I know what you're going through," he shouted after me. I walked faster, but he didn't follow me. "Hey! Be careful, kid!" he yelled, as I swung open the front door. 

"That's not your New York out there!" 