It’s all blurred. Everything. People perceive it as a blessing. Their viewpoints are nothing but a spec to me now. A howling echo of their once meaningful existence.

I, however, am under the distinct impression I am cursed. At first it was a grand novelty. I was excited to find out everything, to find out what life meant, through the eyes of many that I was going to inevitably meet. How wrong I was.

Nobody knows, everyone suffers and the universe is an impersonal monster with no affirmation of consequences. Life is a tedious task that is thrust upon these poor organisms.

Look at me, aloof even with my once organic state. I haven’t aged a day since I broke it. The mirror. This object I picked up at a garage sale for two dollars. On my way home I had noticed it shattered due to a pot hole. How one little mistake could cause such a ricochet of consequences is still beyond me. All of a sudden the car stopped. A voice exploded out of the sky, exclaiming,

“PUNISHMENT”

I had no idea the mirror, through my research, was actually an ancient artefact that pre-dates man. It was Zeus’ mirror of decisions. Who knew a god needed a life coach on what to do when times were tough. Makes me think the earth was doomed from the start.

Lucy, my wife, was the first heartbreak I had ever experienced. Not ageing a day, and her life fleeting. I knew I had to leave. Nobody could know. At the time the industrial military complex still reigned supreme. I’ll be damned if I had ever been trapped in an underground facility being poked and prodded for all eternity. 

So I ran. I ran quickly. It was easy to form a new identity. I just waited in the depths of the slums. I don’t have to eat, although I can if I want to. I can’t get any pleasure though. I tried stickin’ the needle in my arm in the slums, nothin’. 

Look at me, ramblin’ away like some old man that doesn’t realise the kids lost interest two seconds into the story,

“Stop recording log .001”

I snap back to reality to realise I am standing in front of earth. It’s about to be swallowed by its star. A wave of relief mixed with deep sorrow washes over me. I can finally move on. The planet had dried up and died long ago, now it’s just the shallow remnants of something that once was, and shall never be again. 

My hand hits the glass in rage and my head dips, and for the first time in 7.6 billion years, a tear rolls down my face.

Didn’t know I still had it in me. Would you look at that.

  