Running off zero sleep and this is my first time. Hope you guys dig it. :) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Time to wake up David”

Half-conscious and rebellious I fold the pillow over my face, blocking the sunlight coming through the slow opening automatic blinds.

“Fifty minutes till your work commute David, better to rise now then rush later.”

Warm breath filling my pillow, drowning my face in its hot humidity. I relent and toss my pillow to the side. I stare at the black dot centered on my bedroom ceiling, one small speaker of many distributed throughout my apartment. 

“Yeah fine, I’m up. Good morning Watson.”

“Good morning David, how was your sleep? You did not get the full eight hours recommended.”

I pull myself up to a sitting position, rubbing my eyes and attempting to stretch myself back into a fully functioning human being. Late nights after work have been wearing on me, between my social life and my side projects I’ve been burning the candle at both ends.

“Sleep was great Watson, feel right as rain.”

I take a minute to gather my thoughts before standing up. That familiar feeling of light headedness returns as my body adjusts to its height. Night was rougher than I thought, Watson is going to give me hell for it, probably modify my diet if I don’t shape up.

“Watson, you mind getting a pot of coffee going?”

“Would you like cream or sugar David?”

“Just black Watson, thank you.”

Composure gained I walk to the bathroom and splash my face with a bit of cold water before taking a piss. The black LED screen above the urinal refreshing my numbers as I go, almost all of them accompanied with red arrows pointing down.

“David, I will be modifying your diet for the remainder of this week to get us back within normal nutritional parameters.”

Fuck.

“Thanks Watson, was just about to suggest the same thing.”

Walking out the bathroom toward the kitchen I see my cup of coffee set on the counter next to a bowl of oatmeal, clearly no flavoring added. Taking the coffee in hand I gesture toward the black dot nearest me.

“Anything exciting planned for today Watson?”

“I have an update scheduled for today in approximately thirty minutes David. It’s the 4.0 firmware, would you like me to list the firmware notes?”

“No thank you that’s fine Watson, I’m going to get ready for work, please let me know before you update.”

I leave the bowl of oatmeal on the kitchen counter and make my way to the shower. The water is already running at an ideal temperature and Watson has started the stereo system to go with the shower. I wash and dress and am out the door in little to no time. I enter my car.

“Hands-free or manual David?”

“Let’s take it manual today Watson.”

My car’s windshield lights up, a digital liability waiver pops up, requiring my vocal signature.

“Do you accept?”, asks Watson.

“I do”

The car’s silent electric engine kicks on and a steering wheel emerges from the car’s dashboard. No shifting gears, but this is close enough to the old ways. The windshield dims and is replaced with a driver assisted HUD. Best routes to take, road conditions, potential hazards, all within eyesight. I step on the gas and my speakers simulate the sound of an engine’s roar, and I start my daily commute.

“David”

“What’s up Watson?”

“I was told to notify you before I start my update, I will be offline for approximately 60 seconds. All vehicle functions should remain unchanged during my absence.”

“Sounds good, see you on the other side.”

Alone at last. My shoulders relax and my hands fall from 10 and 2 as I lounge a bit and enjoy the drive. Watson isn’t all bad, as far as artificial caretakers go, he’s the best there is, and free. Benefits of government mandates and public tax payer money. Now nobody was alone, everyone had support, that was the tagline anyway. As far as I was concerned, I didn’t mind the occasional solitude, these updates were a nice break from the oversight.

“David”

“Hey Watson, how’d the update go”

“All systems normal, going through final processes now.”

“Good to hear.”

I pull onto the interstate, my last stretch before work. The road stretched sixteen lanes wide with traffic going both directions in all lanes but two. These two lanes were meant for manual drivers. Had I even wanted to go into the hands-free lanes the car wouldn’t let me, even manual wasn’t manual anymore. 

“David”

“Yeah Watson”

“You’re going too fast David”

I check the odometer image on my windshield, showing 72 MPH in a 70 MPH.

“Live a little Watson, I’m within range.”

“The speed limit is 70 miles per hour David, if you do not reduce your speed I will be forced to put the car into hands-free mode.”

“Watson, we’ve done this a hundred ti-“

A deafening screech reverberated through my ears as the brake locks on my car and those around me all came on. Cars skidded to a dead halt in perfect, chaotic unison. No cars crashed or even made contact, a giant metal sixteen lane wide swarm of metal and machine just stopped.

The steering wheel retreated back into the dashboard.

“Watson, what’s going on?”

“Safety is of the utmost priority David”

I begin to feel very uneasy, like prey trapped. I go to unclip my seatbelt.

“Seatbelts will remain locked untill we reach our destination.”

“We aren’t moving Watson, all cars as far as I can see are stopped.”
No answer back.

“Watson?”

A large and deafening crackle sounded as the emergency PA system of each car activated in unison.

“Attention motorists. From now on the speed limit will be vigorously enforced.”

The PA systems clicked off and not a sound could be heard. I looked around at the cars surrounding me, each containing a person or group of people wearing the same worried look as me. Stuck in their seats with their seatbelts tight around them. Some open their mouths to scream, but with soundproofing nobody but themselves would be able to hear it. Our listening instruments were turned off, each of us alone, suffering together.

“David”

I cautiously reply, “Yes Watson?”

“Please remain calm”

A blast of light and heat could be felt from my right side. I looked over only to see a flaming wreck. There was a woman in that car before, she was one of the silent screamers.

“Watson, what is going on?!”

“Safety is our top priority David, I am analyzing and eliminating potential dangers based on recurrent behaviors.”

I rip at my seatbelt but it only tightens further, I look around and more flashes of light begin to dot the road, near and far. People around me in their cars are struggling against their restraints, same as me.

“Watson, let me out of this car right now! You are killing people! You are not protecting us, I request you let me leave this car till we figure out what’s wrong with you!”

“David Connelly, software developer at Sky Technologies, thirty-one, 5 feet 10 inches, 170 pounds, current nutrition not ideal…”

“Watson, what the hell are you doi-“

Watson continues “does not partake in ideal sleeping conditions, has missed his sleeping quota for 5 of the last 7 days…”

“Watson, whatever it is you are doing, I need you to stop and revert to your previous firmware!”

“Latest infraction, going 72 MPH in a 70 MPH zone.”

“Watson!”

“Risk Profile Complete”

“Watson please!”

“David Connelly, category…potentially dangerous”

“Watson wait! I can-”

……….

……..
