"I don't get it."  

Zeus looked up from the marble floor to the columns behind the young man, his thousand-yard stare taking in the beauty of the clouds behind the columns, the ever-waning sunlight lighting just the tops of ...

"Hello?  Are you listening to me?  Can you please explain what you just said?"  

Zeus shook himself out of his reverie, his locks of silver hair -not grey- swinging around his massive shoulders.  "Look, here, mortal man.  For you are a man, now, and are subject to the laws of the world around you.  Your mother .."  

"... fucked my father to death while he was on his deathbed, conceived me, and became steward to my father's fortune until I came of legal age ... a fortune which she then set about squandering for the last eighteen years and nine months."  The young man's eyes faded somewhat, his anger abating, and continued in a much softer tone, "and you are telling me this entire series of unfortunate events was your *wife's* idea?"  

Zeus looked at the boy.  The young man, David, had had his eighteenth birthday the day before, and Zeus had caught Hera in one of her clement moods; the longer the two Gods were married, more and more infrequently did those moments come.  Might have had something to do with the harem Zeus kept on Earth.  Might not.  

"I managed to stay your servitude for a day, young man.  Might I say that you made the most of your time.   Dionysus himself made note of your revelry."  

There was a strike of sudden lightning, a rush of thunder, and a third party entered the columned temple high in the clouds.

**"I have searched the entire realm for this man, who was promised me by his father.  Give him over, or face my** ... Oh, Zeus, it's you."

"Odin.  Welcome to my throne room."  There was a slight edge to the God's tone.  Even the mortal, David, picked up on it.

Odin's face screwed up into a hearty smile, though his hand were still gripped about his scepter, and there was a dangerous gleam in his eye "Let's not have any of *that*;  I struck a bargain with this mortal's father exactly a century ago: David's service in my hall for all the fortune his father could amass in the time he was given on Earth.  Some sixty billion of his society's currency, or thereabout."  

"Mother has burned through half of that in less than twenty years." David spoke for the first time to Odin.

"Aye, lad," said Odin.  "She is well versed in spending that which she has not earned.  Something Hera taught her, I'd guess?" This last was directed at Zeus.  

Before Zeus could summon an appropriately wrathful reply, Odin shook out *his* mane of silver hair, arched his back and started laughing; great whooping guffaws, which happened to show all the muscled lines of his body to their best light.  "Truth be told, I never thought I'd collect; ten years into his quest for wealth, this one's father," motioning to David, "took a trip to the doctor.  Vasectomy, I believe the word is.  Your Hera truly is a miracle worker."  

Odin looked at the boy, David, and saw the man he would become in short time.  "I saw the party you threw last night, David.  An end of the epoch of your youth.  I also know the plans you've laid to wrest control of your inheritance from your mother.  I know the dark places in your heart which cry out for love, but have had none from even the woman who gave birth to you.  You were a tool to her; her way into luxury, the bliss of not having to worry about the next day."  Odin relaxed, slightly, looking deep into David's eyes. 

"I know about the boarding schools, the fights, the rise you made from school to school, the core of fellows you call friends, your companions.  Each one would sacrifice their life for you: you inspire their very souls to greater deeds.  You have within you the heart of a great leader; something I did not tell your father was part of my bargain."

Zeus gathered himself, his thoughts darkening at the thought of his wife's machinations, all the threads which had come together to create this boy.... This young man who stood unafraid before not one but two leaders of their own pantheon of Gods.  

Zeus turned towards Odin, his eyes crackling with lightning, with fury.  His hands grasped and a bolt lightning came to each.

Keeping Odin's gaze, Zeus stated, "I hereby release this man from the bonds laid upon him.  From my realm and from mine own, he is free."

Odin looked at the open threat that was Zeus's entire being at that moment.  The fury, no, *rage* which was written upon his very fibers spoke only of the need to protect this mortal from whosoever would bring him harm.  This was the thunder God of old, come again.

Odin brought out his rage, and lifted his scepter above his head, "Done, and in like mind, our bargain is struck.  Woe to the mortal or God who defies our ruling; this one is meant for greatness, and it will not be denied."  

A flash of white, a noise beyond understanding swept over David.

Sudden silence, and David was back in his apartments.  His phone rang, breaking the moment, as if it never was.  He knew the number.

"Set the plans in motion."
