Life ends for one, but for us, it still pushes on. For my dear Grandma, peace had come at last. 

It was March 30th, 2017, the day of Grandma Zora’s visitation. My family was dreading the day—showing up to a funeral home, seeing the deceased lie there as everyone tells you they are sorry for what happened. Words of sincerity, yet they would not overcome the sadness parading in our heads. 

11 am, and the doors of the funeral home open. We expected our friends and saw a few faces we recognized. They came over to us, offering hugs and condolences. Then there was the rest. First, it was tens, then hundreds and by the end of the day, thousands. 
They all came in and headed straight for the open casket.

In the beginning, my mother was horrified. She felt like we were being targeted for some sick prank and ran to the washroom to clean up the running mascara on her cheeks. 

“Excuse me,” I asked one of the guests. He looked to be in his forties and wore a black suit with a dark blue tie. Anxiously pushing up his glasses and pushing back his long brown hair, he waited around the crowd that amassed at the casket.

“It's sad isn't it?” he said. “Oh, sorry, you were going to say something.”

“I don't mean to be rude. I don't know how else to ask it right now… but why are you here? Who are you?”

“Paul Benner,” he said, extending out his hand and I shook it. “I'm here to see the old lady, of course. @WesleyDoes.” 

“@WelseyDoes?”

“Yeah, her Twitter,” he said, and jumped into an opening through the crowd. 

I turned to a young lady beside me in a simple black dress. Her black hair extended down the back as if it were part of the fabric. She seemed more patient than Paul. 

“Excuse me, are you… ugh… here to see my grandma?” I asked. 

“Mhmm,” she hums. “All of us are. Wait, *Your* Grandma?”

“Are you Welsey?!” she said with a growing smile. 

“Welsey? Who's Welsey?” I asked. 

From the crowd someone says, “there's no Welsey in the family, she tweeted that ages ago.”

“What is happening?” I asked 

“We're here to see your Grandma,” the woman said. “She would tweet about how wonderful her grandson was. It was the most endearing thing.” 

“What?”

“Here,” she said, taking out her phone. “Look for yourself.” 

She handed me her phone with the Twitter page open. 4235 tweets, following 15.2 million, 16.4 million followers. I was amazed. So many tweets. 

“Welsey mowed my lawn. The dear boy never keeps it above an inch. #grandsonloveandappreciation”. 

“Welsey surprised me with flowers! 7 years ago I lost my husband and every year since he comes by. #love”

“Remind the people you love, you love them! Welsey always seems to forget that. #stilllovehimalways.”

My vision had begun to blur. I had no idea she was doing this. This entire time I was just making sure she was okay. I knew I wouldn't stay composed, but I did it anyways; I read her last tweets. 

“[1/7] Seems like Time has come to my doorstep at last. Told me the last bits of sand were almost out. I said”

“[2/7] it's okay Time, I've had a wonderful time here. For those who wish to come. My visitation will be”

“[3/7] March 30th, at Grim Family Funeral Home in Briton, Kentucky at 11 am. Hope to see you there. I'll be smiling.”

“[4/7] My family does not know about this and are private most of the time. If they ask, then answer, but this was about"

“[5/7] sharing love and appreciation. For the grandson that made the last of his grandma's days gorgeous, thank you. And for my family”

“[6/7] I will miss you. Love keeps us together always and I'll always be here with you. To my followers, thank you for your”

“[7/7] support and loving Welsey as much as I. #love #goodbye #youmadeanoldgrandmasmileeveryday”

My grandma. My dear amazing Grandma. I will miss you.  

---

/r/ItsPronouncedGif

Thank you for reading. <3