 

“Everything about my life has changed. I am 34 years  old with a heart condition. I have recently  lost my spouse, the love of my life,  in a train wreck. Today, I have identified her body. What more do you want from me ?” 

“Nothing,”. Softly replied detective Eckburt. The detective following a brief pause of empathy inhales deeply before continuing, “I am sorry for your loss Jack. You’re free to go son.”  I don’t make eye contact with the detective and shake my head at the ground not knowing how to respond  and promptly leave the police department.  

As I walk down the steps of the police department my phone rings and I answer. I answer with the typical hello, but nobody replies at first. I start to hear blips of static and as I continue to listen the static becomes consistent and l I hear the voice of a young girl breaking through the static.  She sounds like she is in pain. I can barely make out what she is saying but she is saying my name. That much I am sure. I hang up and turn off my phone without replying.  My heart is beating fiercely and I reach for my inhaler out of instinct to catch my breath.  

On the bus I pull out a note book and pen from my messenger bag. I jot down the phone call as an experience under the list of similar experiences. I take the notes to my best friend.  

“Ever since I had that dream, the spirits having been calling me from another world.” 

“Which dream Jack? The devil like figure with antlers, or the shadow with razor sharp teeth, bound and restrained in metal chains wearing a crown with a red ruby in the center.” 

While Erica asked me I noticed she was dressed in a grey professional skirt and matching grey blazer over a white plane shirt. I must have caught her just getting off from work.  Erica’s black glossy hair hung just over her shoulder and undulated a little when she spoke. 

“Jack, which dream?” 

“ The  one with my mother.”  

“ You mean the dream starting after the car crash? The one you lost your mother in?” 

I didn’t know what to say so I nodded because her questions felt like scabs opening over a wound. 

“Why don’t you sit down, relax on the couch and let me change clothes, I will be right out and we can talk about it all. How does that sound?” 

I didn’t reply but I could feel the warmth of her hand across my face just before she left to her bed room to change. 