I was one of the first successful time travellers. I was just a child, but there had been a few successes before me. My guardian had seen to it that I was the one to go back. I had spent my whole fifteen year long life training for this. I was an observer. I was to observe, learn, and record history. My first task was to watch and learn from a typical day in Rome.

I don’t know why I was the only one who could have done this. Maybe because he had passed along all of his knowledge of Roman history to me. Maybe because he wanted to test me. Or maybe because, out of all the other candidates who had trained alongside me, I spoke Greek and Latin the best. I was the only one he wanted going there. So, they did as my guardian asked, and sent me back in time to watch it. 

I recorded all of the details. How the children played. How the adults talked. Who socialized with whom, and where. I learned a lot about their society that day. Only one man approached me. He looked to be a lot older than I was, and he had a weird accent I couldn’t place. I suppose he couldn’t place mine, either.

“You don’t look like you belong here.” He said in Latin.

I was shocked. I looked the part, I know, and I was staying mostly out of sight of everyone else. I was mostly hidden, so no one could see me writing. So why would he see anything off about me?

“Of course I do!” I responded. “Why wouldn’t I?”

“Oh, come on, Jenna. You always stick out to me.” He responded, smiling.

I paused. He knew my name. He wasn’t supposed to know my name. No one was supposed to know anything about me. I felt a look of panic cross my face. I knew I needed to leave, immediately, but I had to know how he knew my name. So, I asked.

“Oh, I get it. This must be the first meeting. You told me this would happen soon.” He said, smiling.

“Who the hell are you?” I asked.

“Look, all you need to know is that I’m Ahmes, and we run into each other a lot.”

I freaked out. I pulled the bracelet that allows me to travel through time out and put it on my hand, speaking the year and day I wanted to travel to into a small microphone. Then I was gone. 

I told my guardian about Ahmes as soon as I got back, and he told me not to be too concerned about it. I probably would never see him again.

It was a month later, when I was recording details on the fall of Troy, that I did end up seeing him again.

This time, I spotted him. I was confused, and stared for a moment, before he noticed me and walked over. 

“Jenna! The Greeks are constructing a wooden horse offering. I have a feeling this will be interesting.”

“You’re not supposed to exist.” Is all I could find the words to say.

“Yeah, I get that a lot, surprisingly.” He just stood there, smiling.

“No, the last time we spoke was over six hundred years in the future. You are not supposed to exist.” I responded, dumbfounded.

“Call me an anomaly, then. Like you.”

“What the hell are you?!”

“I told you. I’m an anomaly. And an immortal. But you knew that. Unless this is one of your first times meeting me?” He raised an eyebrow.

I was shocked. I dropped my notepad. I backed away. I wanted to be nowhere near him. He calmly picked it up, along with my pen, and handed it back to me.

“Look, I mean you no harm. In fact, I’m pretty sure I’ve saved your sorry ass a couple of times. But you can’t be afraid of me, just ‘cause I can’t die and you can.” He responded. 

I took the pencil and notepad from him. He was right. I probably shouldn’t be so scared of him. But I was. I was petrified. No immortal had ever been recorded in history. And here was the first, and we had apparently interacted before. I didn’t know what to say. So I didn’t say anything. I sat with him, and we watched the building of the Trojan horse together. I didn’t feel very threatened by him after that.