I moved my piece into position, knowing that this would be the end. Death, as I pictured it, was simply a well-dressed man in a suit. Like a Jehovah's Witness or something. Maybe the metaphor was that he comes unexpectedly and at often inopportune times. I didn't know, I didn't care. I looked up a Death, and a vein in his head was popping out. He was enraged.

"Checkmate, Death. So, now what, am I immortal?"

"Immortal?" he spat angrily. Thinking for a moment, he got up and looked around into... well, nothing. It hadn't occurred to me that there was nothing in this room, not even the room, except ourselves, the table, two chairs, and the chess game. Then, he smiled, bringing a chill to my spine.

"No, you're not going to be immortal. You get to stay with me."

I stood up angrily and threw the board off the table, and it disappeared as it floated into the nothingness.

"You don't get to do that! I won fair and square!"

"Don't get upset, mate. You realize that the chess game was merely a formality, right? You missed out on all of this..."

He gestured towards nothing, where a portal appeared. Through it, I saw and felt the most incredible things. It was heaven, I was sure of that. My heart sunk. I had been so bent on winning, that I'd let myself get cocky about it. I slumped back down into my chair, thinking. Then I realized something.

"Says who? Why do you get to decide what happens to me? I don't see anyone else around here, so has this happened before?"

The portal closed, and Death looked back at me, astonished that I would even ask the question, almost personally insulted. Then he regained his composure, perhaps realizing the legitimacy of my question.

"Well, I mean, technically... no. But I'm only allowed to let people pass on once I beat them."

"So we can't just, you know, start the chess game over again?"

Death stroked his non-existent beard. Maybe he had a beard, and since I imagined him not having a beard, it appeared to me that he was just stroking his chin. For a moment, his clean-shaven face grew a dark, stunning beard. As soon as he stopped stroking his face, it went away.

"I guess we could. But you have to actually try to beat me."

"That seems kind of arbitrary. After all, it's just a formality, right?"

"Yes, but the point it represents is that you cannot beat Death, no matter how hard you try."

"Right, but I can."

"It's just a technicality, a figure of speech, it's not literal!" he protested.

"Okay, well, I'll do my best. But if I win again, what then?"

"I don't know. We'll just have to find out."

We played hard. Each turn taking nearly 15 minutes to complete, but considering my immortal soul was in danger, as was my eternity, we both carefully considered our actions. Death played valiantly, and soon enough, both of us were within turns of checkmating the other.

"You realize that if I win again, we may have to do this again, right? Can't you ignore formality?"

"I did that once before, and it didn't turn out well for me. I had one job, and I blew it."

"What job was that?"

"I was the principle by which your God or gods, or whatever you choose to know it as, was meant to enter into his own realm. I couldn't beat him, and so I trapped him here, unintentionally. We've made the best of it, but it would have been better for the both of us had we been left to our own devices."

"So are you saying that I could become God?"

Death laughed. "No, mate. You're hardly God. You could build things, live a fulfilling eternity, but it wouldn't be like what's in store for you."

"So why the chess game?"

"Punishment, maybe. I'm the only entity that God truly resents. Well, me and one of his angels. Are you going to move your piece or what?"

I thought for a moment. What would happen if I didn't try? I could see quite well that I had the advantage, and he probably knew it, too. I moved my Queen next to his King, crippling my strategy. He stuttered out "Don't!", but it was too late. I'd already taken my hand off the piece.

"You've ruined the sanctity of the game! Don't you understand?"

"All I know is that I don't want to be a part of this. Come on, now. You know you can win."

Reluctantly, within a few moves, he'd checkmated my King. The entry to Heaven opened up, and I stared into it, ready for eternal contentment. I turned back to face Death, and I witnessed another form. Rather than being well-groomed and in a suit, I saw a shriveled, old man. Pathetic and sad, stains from years of crying. I pitied him. Here I was, stood between Heaven and eternal damnation of a kind, and I was considering turning it down.

"Do you specifically have to be here?"

"Well... I don't know. Why?"

I quickly walked towards him and picked him up. I walked towards the portal, and he protested, thrashing violently. Finally, I threw him in, and the portal began to close up.

"You don't understand what you're giving up!"

"You don't understand, either."

The portal sealed, and I took my spot as the grand master of chess. Millions of years passed, and eventually, I met a man like myself, furthering the cycle.