Bright shafts of sun came pouring through the gaps in my curtains. I woke slowly, curling the sheets around myself until I couldn't ignore the light anymore. Finally I managed to crawl out, pad into the kitchen, and prepare a bowl of brightly-colored cereal. Still half asleep, I carried the bowl to the couch without spilling any milk and turned on some cartoons. 

After about half an hour, Mom came bustling into the living room and rolled her eyes. "I don't want you in front of the TV all day *again*." She grabbed the remote control from my hands and shut the show off. "Go outside! It's beautiful out today!" The curtains flew open, and I recoiled from the glaring sun. "I've got to go to work; I'll see you tonight." She leaned over and kissed me on top of the head, then headed out into the garage. 

She was right, I guess. I didn't have that much time, after all. I checked my "to do" list, scrawled in crayon across a piece of construction paper. I'd done maybe *half* of the stuff on the list. So I called up my neighbor and partner-in-crime Paul, and told him to meet my at the corner in half an hour. 

First, we rode our bikes through the entire neighborhood. We raced from Elm to Powell, with the wind blowing through my overly-long hair (Mom's been meaning to take me to get it cut). Then we stopped at the 7-11 near the highway and got big slurpees. I made sure to throw the cup away at Paul's so that Mom wouldn't see it in the trash and get mad. She doesn't like it when I have that much sugar. Then we went to the creek and built a *huge* dam that stopped up the whole thing. We spent *hours* patching up any part that crumbled under the weight of the water. 

The sun was beginning to dip below the hills by the time Paul and I gave up and returned home. We came in through the sliding glass door to find Mom cooking in the kitchen. "Is beef stroganoff OK for dinner?" she called from the sink. "I was thinking..." her voice trailed off as she looked at us. "You two are *FILTHY*! Go outside and hose yourselves off, for goodness' sake. I just mopped in here!" She swatted us back out into the backyard and turned on the sprinklers, refreshing and cool in the evening heat. So instead of cleaning up, Paul and I just chased each other around for a while until Mom came out and served dinner on the patio instead of the dining room. 

After Paul left, I went inside and played video games 'until my eyes bled,' as Mom put it. She finally made me turn it off to go bathe and get ready for bed. At long last, I crawled into the cool sheets and set my head down on the soft pillow. Only moments ago I was telling Mom how I wasn't tired, but I now realized how wrong I was.

"Goodnight, Honey." She was in the doorway with a soft smile on her face. "You all ready for school to start tomorrow? I know that you've Looped this day a few times, but we've all got to face our responsibilities sometimes." 

I checked the counter in the corner of my eye. I'd apparently been putting it off for a while now: 7,212 days, to be precise. "Yes, Mom," I answered.

"Good. I'll get your backpack ready, then." She closed the door behind her.

Before I could drift off to sleep, the menu popped up: 

> Repeat day? Y/N

On the bedside table, I could see my to-do list, with so many items still not done. One more day couldn't hurt, right?

---

If you enjoyed this story, you should also consider subscribing to /r/Luna_Lovewell!