"I can't remember my 20's..." I trail off.
Candy had asked me what I was in here for. But I didn't pay attention to my case and there isn't much of a need to. My attorney told me I was guilty. I remember pleading with him before they did the extraction. I remembered clearly telling him that I wasn't guilty, insisting that he knew I wasn't responsible. But the memories don't lie. And now I don't have them anymore so thinking about it is a lost cause. They destroy the tape after a judgement is made and no one who saw it will tell me. Not that anyone other than Candy will talk to me.

Candy purses her lips. "I remember everything." She says, matter of factly. "I shot a guy. Right in the face." She fiddles with a cut out hole on her starchy uniform pants. "They say ya don't get to remember, but it's not something I could forget I guess." She's kicking her legs off the side of her bed with no particular rhythm and I can't help but picture a giant baby swinging it's giant feet. "It's with me now and I lost everything because of it. They took my dog and she has DIABETES."

"I really don't care. They didn't even take your dog, your sister has her and she's fine." I don't have energy today and its increasingly difficult to hear Candy tell the same inane stories day in and out. She obviously only knows what happened because they play the damn tapes in court. You get to see it but it's not you. Not in the way that matters. Not at that point. It's just like watching a TV show. I only watched the first few hours of my own footage. My trial consisted of the longest tape ever to be played and I didn't care much for it. If Candy really could remember, I doubt she would boast about it all the time, she would have PTSD or at least feel guilty. As a society, we can't afford to remember what we did because it gets in the way of our rehabilitation. We repeat patterns from our past and never escape it.

So I sit here under a giant baby's giant feet swinging carelessly, feeling nothing. 

*BAM!*

"I'LL KILL YOU!" I shriek.

Her big dumb baby foot just broke my nose. I spit blood and I grab her leg. The next thing I know I'm standing over her. She is covered in my blood and I'm snarling at her, my hands gripped tightly around her neck. I hear a crack. She's still breathing.

I scream out "We need a paramedic!" But I know no one is around. Ever since they initiated memory extractions, no one was dumb enough to commit crime anymore. It was too risky to have that kind of evidence against you. 

"Why don't you just finish the job, hmm?" A man's voice carried through the hallway of the prison.

"I didnt mean to." I say, trembling.

"Of course you didn't." He said softly.