  

Note: There may be spelling or grammar mistakes. I didn't edit this. 

What was it? The 3000th year I’ve been alive? When I first discovered I couldn’t die, life was great. I could do anything I wanted without any consequences. I never feared doing any task. With immortality I watched civilizations grow and fall. I watched the creation of technology and medicine. I’ve felt the tension as countries made peace with one another. I’ve seen it all. However, there’s always a downside. I outlived my friends and family. I watched them grow old with age and then die. 

When I was 15, I had smallpox. I was dying, and this guy visited me. He claimed he was Death. I didn’t believe him and left the room. He was blocking the door, so I shoved him out of the way and stepped on his robe on the way out. Turns out that was the real Death. He cursed me with immortality and that was that.   

When I was 100, I spent years trying to hunt Death down. To plea for him to undo this curse. I wanted to join my family. I caught him once or twice, but he would always refuse to undo the curse. So, on went my life.

It was now the year 2018. I became a modern doctor, if I was going to spend eternity here, I might as well help people. 

“It’s not fair,” the mother sobbed.

“I know but we’ve done everything we can,” I said. 

“She’s only 3,” she cried. 

“She’ll be awake in a couple minutes. You should say your goodbyes,” I said softly. I hated this part of my job. People who died no matter what I did. Death is a part of life, but it never gets easier telling people about their loved ones. The gut wrenching feeling when someone close to you dies. It physically hurts. 

The woman sniffled and wiped her nose with a tissue. 

“T-Thank you, doctor,” she exited my office without another word. 

“It’s not easy you know,” a voice said. A man dressed in a black suit appeared in the chair across from me. “Morning, you little shit. I brought you some coffee.” 

“Morning to you too. It wouldn’t have some cyanide in it, would it?” I joked as a blue mug filled with coffee appeared on my desk. 

“Maybe,” he said. “You can’t die anyways.”

“Still mad?”

“Duh.”

“I said I was sorry. Who in their right mind would believe you?”

“It took me forever to get your muddy footprint out.”

“I promised you a new robe.” 

“It was my favourite.”

“Why are you here?” 

“Can’t I visit my favourite human?” 

“If I was your favourite, you’d undo this curse.” 

“Funny.”

“It was funny the first hundred years, but can’t you let this go?”

“No.”

“I understand pushing someone in a petty act of revenge, but immortality is pushing it.”

“I’m Death, I have no limits.”

“She’s a nice girl,” I said as I placed away the file on my desk. 

“She was.”

“Right, was.” The office was quiet for a moment before I broke the silence. “Do you ever regret doing your job?”

“No. As sad as that woman’s story was, her daughter’s time was up.” 

“Yet you chose to overlook me every time I die.”

“You’re a different case.”

“How so?”

“I won’t discuss this with you. I have to get back to work,” Death said getting up from the chair. 

“Hey, wait a minute! You can’t keep avoiding this every time I bring it up.”

“I’m not undoing the curse and that’s final,” Death snapped before vanishing in a cloud of black smoke. 

“Asshole,” I muttered. 

Later that night. 

The dish clattered around the sink when I dropped it in. 

“Careful, it might break,” he said from behind me. 

“Don’t you have some souls to escort?” I asked. 

“I got some minions to do my patrol.”

“Why are you here?” 

“I thought I’d check up on you.”

“Since when does Death have a heart?” 

“Fine, next time I’ll just be an ass.”

“You already are an ass for this stupid curse. Undo it!” 

“No.”

“Why the hell not?!” I thought he was going to talk about his robe, but he didn’t. 

“What’s so bad about living?” 

“Living is great until you’ve lived too long. Everyone I love is dead. I’m so lonely. Please, can’t you let me die?”

“No. You should get some sleep, you have work tomorrow.” 

“Just undo the curse, please?” 

“You already know my answer.”

“But…”

“Go to sleep, Sam. You won’t be any use to anyone if you’re sleep deprived.” Defeated I trudged upstairs as I heard the clank of the dishes in my sink. Maybe he’ll change his mind tomorrow. 

   i\],\[u,t,\[l,