Bernard could not believe his eyes. 

Where was he? What happened? 

Slowly, the doors of the elevator closed and he was on his own again in the small metal enclosure. Bernard looked to his left, where the mirror was, and he barely recognized the face that was staring back at him. 

He had grown older. The chestnut brown above his ears had been replaced by grey. There were lines and creases by his eyes. Bernard was astonished. Was this the appearance of a 39 year old man? No. It couldn't be...

The elevator beeped, then beeped again, and it started moving up. Someone must have called for it.

Bernard dug into the pockets of his pants. He pulled out one of the thin digital cards he had seen those other people were walking around with. There was a button in the front, and what seemed to be screen. He pushed the button, and the iPhone came to life.

An elderly lady looked at him from the screen. What was this - a photo...? A digital photo?, Bernard wondered. The lady looked like Lisa. Yes. It definitely was Lisa. But what was she doing wearing a wedding ring? Bernard moved his fingers along the screen and immediately, another screen popped up. Something with entering some passcode, Bernard thought. What is this mighty thing that I'm holding, he wondered - but his thumb somehow knew the answer. It pressed four digits and the photo disappeared, revealing a bunch of properly arranged colorful blocks and circles against a black backdrop. 

The elevator beeped again. The doors opened and Bernard looked outside. Again, people carrying the same machine he was, and...they're *talking* into them? 

Then Bernard noticed a picture frame on the wall opposite the elevator. There was a photo in the frame with the Boss. He somehow looked older. A bit fatter. But there was something off with it. His composure was different, Bernard noticed. He looked...stately. Or maybe even regal. Why was he photographed with that huge Stars & Stripes? But Bernard also seemed to notice a look of surprise in the man's eyes. Well, at least his orange hair and hue on his face hadn't changed much.

Two women entered the elevator. Bernard stepped to the side. He seemed to faintly recognize the women. "Hey, Bernard", one of them said, and Bernard almost jumped. The woman smiled. "Feeling a bit off today, Burr?", the woman said, and smiled wryly. Bernard thought hard. Beth? Linda? No... Shawna? "I'm, ah, fine, Shawna", Bernard tried. "Okay, good for you", Shawna said, and the elevator started moving down again.

Bernard looked at the women he had apparently correctly called Shawna. It was otherworldly. He was sure he had never met this person in his life, yet somehow he knew her name. She felt like...family. A sister? No. He looked at her red hair, her green eyes, her soft, pale face with pinkish freckles. She looked sweet and friendly, yet there was also something naughty about her. Her mouth should be patented, Bernard thought.

Bernard looked at his iPhone again. One of the odd colored blocks on the screen had a word underneath. In fact, all the blocks and circles did, Bernard noticed. He decided to thumb the colored block at the top of the screen that said 'Calendar'. His iPhone immediately changed into a mainly white screen, with numbers and months? Oh, this is really is some sort of calendar, Bernard thought. He looked to the top left of the screen. 'Nov. 2018', it said.

"November 2018...", Bernard mused as he read it. "November 2018", he repeated, as if he couldn't quite believe it.

What. The. Hell. Happened?!, Bernard demanded to know. Unfortunately, there was no one else but Bernard in his head to answer. Or was there?

The elevator stopped and the doors opened again. Shawna and her colleague friend waited. "Well, are you getting off, Bernard?" 

"Am I?", Bernard replied. Shawna rolled her eyes. "You bad-ass", she said, and grinned. Then she laid a hand on his shoulder and gently pushed him out of the elevator, following him out while her colleague stayed behind.

Another hallway, same kind of crème walls as on every floor, same black marble tiles on the floor. Somehow reminiscent of something, but again Bernard could not quite grasp what, or how, or why. 

He walked through a couple of large offices, with lots of people seated behind desks, staring at those flatscreens he had seen earlier. And again, somehow, he knew where to go. His legs just kept on walking, guiding him to a cubicle in the corner of an office. He stared at the brownish desk. It wasn't made of real wood, he saw. It was some plastic imitation. Again, it looked...familiar.

He sat down on the comfy chair and investigated his immediate surroundings. There was a drawer attached to the desk. He opened it. He found a folded white piece of paper that had 'Read. Now.' written on it in red ink.

Bernard was slowly panicking now. What the hell is this? Who am I? Why am I here? Why do I seem to know the people here and how come this desk feels... 

He opened the note. Again, short and sweet. 

'Look at flatscreen on desk. Press button on the lower right. The screen will ask you for a password. It is 'UNHOLYPARIAH1963'. Press enter.' 

The note ended with one more line, thinly scribbled in red ink. 

'Put on headphones that are to the left of the screen' - Bernard looked up, noticed the cheap headphones, reached for them and put them on - 'and look at video that starts immediately after entering password on screen.'

By this time, Bernard had the feeling that any second now either a Blade Runner could come walking in to zap him, or the Keystone Cops would invade the office in a fire truck.

He ensured that the headphones fit properly on his ears, then sat back uneasily and pulled the white keyboard towards him from underneath the screen. He pushed the button on the screen and an orange light switched to green. The screen came to life and there it was: a white box in the center of the screen, with in black words written 'Enter password and press Enter.' 

He typed the password from the note and pressed enter.

The white dialogue box disappeared immediately and another, bigger new box opened up. It was black. Below left of the screen, something flashed. It was a dialogue that said 'Press Enter on the keyboard'. He did - and stared into a mirror again, like he had done in the elevator... Or had he?

He was looking at himself, that was for sure. But he looked...younger. Almost no grey hair above the ears, the lines and creases were absent. But it was unmistakingly he himself, wearing a shirt with a tie and headphones, just like he was now.

"Hi Bernard - don't be scared", Bernard said from the screen. 

Bernard felt as if the floor had opened itself underneath him and he was falling down, seated in his chair.

"Don't worry, that's normal", the man looking freakishly similar to Bernard said soothingly. He even had the same voice. "Relax", he admonished Bernard. "I'll explain everything", the man went on.

"We - I will say 'we' for now - we recorded this video on November 21, 2006", ScreenBernard said. "I know us. Very well," he said, "so I'll answer your most pressing question now: yes. I am you, and you are me."

ScreenBernard grinned. "I don't know when you're watching this. Maybe you need to record a new version in whatever year you are. Technology will undoubtedly be better, and all." 

On the screen, Bernard shifted in his seat somewhat. "As you can see over my shoulder", he said, "you'll recognize the office. Go on, take a look over your shoulder."