  Groggily stirring from my sleep, last nights tip keeps echoing in my mind, “always aim for the head, always aim for the head...”

  Halfway through breakfast, the phone rings. It’s Jerry. I haven’t heard from him I years. He sounds a bit off, but my free day isn’t preventing me from meeting him near the harbor.

   Jerry’s done well. He has a decent job, is married, even bought a fairly large sailboat. After some coffee and small talk, he says he’s going for a short cruise in the bay and asks if I’m up for it. I’ve been on a few boats and didn’t have plans so I say, “Sure, why not?”

   The boat is nice. Over 30 or 40 feet or so and looks like it can sleep 5-6 people. We clear the docks and hit the open water. After some stumbling and stalling to remember my port from my starboard, I help raise the sails. Jerry asks me to hold the helm while he heads below. After about 15 minutes he returns with a couple beers. 

   It’s a nice day on the water, but the winds and waves have started to pick up. Jerry’s demeanor is starting to take a downturn. Apparently he’s fallen on some hard times: trouble at home and work. A couple more beers come out and more of his story does as well.

   It’s getting a little awkward and I ask where the bathroom is.  Jerry closes his eyes for a few seconds, takes a deep breath and says, “Head’s down below, on the left”

Head....

   I go below and find the head. It’s a bit unkempt, cabinets are bulging and there are exposed wires on the floor. Makes me a bit nervous with the rolling and pitching boat. I stumble a little as the boat seems to be coming about, likely headed back to the harbor. I brace myself on the wall, trying to stay off the floor wires and spot more near the head. “Always aim for the head.” 

   I time the rolls and concentrate to finish my task successfully. I find the pump handle and head back to the stern.

   Jerry is sweating. He seems a bit relieved that I’m back and doesn’t say much till we get back to the dock.

   “Thanks for coming out with me today,” he says, “I really needed the fresh air. I think things are going to eventually get a bit better.”

   “Sure thing,” I said. “Glad to catch up and get out on the water. You know, you should probably go talk to someone. It might help you work through some of these things. It’s helped me in the past.”

  “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. I had an idea to end it all, but thankfully that didn’t pan out. Glad you’ve got your sea legs.”