I remember  my mother always in sleeves. Always in shawls. Always in cardigans. Covering her names, hiding them. 

Crime was on the rise, as the self-fulfilling prophecy of the names caused a murder to happen constantly. We moved out of our apartment complex when the body count got too high. As a family we holed up in a country house, 5 miles from the nearest gas station. 

"It's nonsense," my mother said. "All of it. The marking on our bodies that spell out names can be used as love and nothing more. Death never needs to play a part in our lives. That is society's interpretation on the work of God!" 

This was largely what she taught me in my many years of homeschooling. It wasn't until my late teenage years that she let me potty-train. She held me like a baby every morning, whispering bible stories in my ear. My body was small and frail because she fed me very few solid foods. I didn't know how to read or write until I taught myself in secret, using the scriptures I had already memorized by heart.

Some days were hard. My mother would throw tantrums, going into shaking fits and calling out for the name of Mary and Joseph, her palms facing the heavens. She would throw her belongings into the wall and tear apart my drawings if I fought back at any point. 

I tried to run away only once. She kept me in my room for three days in a row with no food. I learned my lesson.

Every few months I would be visited by children of the mothers in the bible study group that my mother hosted. Up in the playroom, children would show each other their wrist markings and ask for everyone's name. The names on my skin were never matched up to those around me, no matter how hard I prayed for an escape (one way or another).

I spent time with the other children and hated to see them go. I would stare after them from the attic window, wishing for a normal life like their's. 

One day, my mother took a nasty fall down the stairs of the basement while holding a laundry basket. 

I held her hand in the ambulance. She was dizzy and disoriented. Her sleeve was pushed up to her elbow in the hospital for her IV and it was only then that I could to see the names on her wrist. 

One of them was mine.

One of them was my dad's.

My dad had disappeared from her life right after I was born. She told me he was an abusive man that she couldn't let influence her child. She said she left and never came back and that I should be grateful that it was just her and I.

But his name wasn't on my wrist. It was on her's. 

She wasn't trying to protect me. She was protecting herself. From the inevitable! She robbed me of a normal childhood  because she wanted to see how long she could run from her killer.

Soulmates were widely known as the person in your life that you would care the most for, whether they returned the feelings or not. Platonic, family, romantic...anyone could be your soulmate. She told me that over and over. And I didn't want to believe it.

Meanwhile, I wanted a normal life. Marriage. A nice apartment in the city and a job where I could get lost in my passion. But at every turn, my mother told me it wasn't safe.

And now, my blood boiled. She had named me after the second name on her wrist. She had created her soulmate because she couldn't bear to be alone once she realized the man's name on her wrist was the one that showed signs of killing her.

She used me.

She was planning on keeping me with her for as long as she could, trying to live out her own dreams with me as she hid from her ex-husband.

I stayed in the hospital for two straight days, staring at her as she slept in her medically-induced coma. 

I watched her eyes, waiting them to flit open.

I tried to think of the first words I would say to her if she woke up.

"Selfish."

"I'm not your soulmate. I hate you."

"I could have been normal."

"You believe in this bullshit like I do. Why did you lie and say it was nonesense?"

"Liar."

My hands clenched when the nurses poured in. They gave me positive updates, that her vitals were healthy. They cleaned her body and mopped up the sweat on her forehead. 

But in the end, I had to make the decision.

I pulled the plug.