'The bombs fell without warning to announce the beginning of World War Three'

Thats the sentence everyone had been waiting to hear for months as tensions between the New Soviet Union, the USA, the UK and the EU and the Chinese Indian protectorate rose to fever pitch. 
This announcement never came. 

Canada passed a new bill in a secret meeting, the first time in years the House of Commons passed a bill unanimously. 
It had been decided, the world could not be allowed to implode.

Canada hosted an international summit of peace, inviting the leaders of every political group of every country in the world. No one wanted to be left out of what was sure to be a final treaty, everyone came.

When the prime minister walked into the house of commons, cleared of the normal ministers to make room for the world's leaders, he was dressed all in black. uncharacteristically he was somber. 

"We're very sorry to have to do this ladies and gentlemen but i'm afraid you cannot be allowed to leave this room until you sign over control of your countries to the Canadian protectorate. As we speak, troops are presently completing the capturing of all of your nuclear weapons, yes, even yours emperor Trump. I was just given the word that we have accepted surrender of each of your military's." 

The prime minister paused to let this sink in.

"We're very sorry but we couldn't allow you to destroy us all... action had to be taken. Don't worry, there were no casualties. As you well know we had embassies in every one of your countries. Everything was done with non lethal weapons. I realize this is rather rude, but it had to be done."

Cries of outrage and anger filled the room Trump's voice shouted shrill over the crowd"YOU CAN'T DO THIS! I BUILT A WALL! I BUILT THE BEST WALL!''

The prime minister was calm but firm as he smashed a gavel bringing the meeting to order. 

"I'm afraid it is done sir, your wall did you no good, we didn't invade, you invited us in." 

Screens lit up around the house of commons showing scenes of every country in the world flying Canadian flags. The rage became a murmur of disbelief. 

The prime minister spoke again. 

"I'm sorry ladies and gentile men, though I must admit this is really just a formality, we are already in complete control, the papers before each of you are terms of capitulation to the new world government. This chaotic state of affairs cannot be allowed to exist ever again. I thank you for attending this meeting, without your co-operation we could not have taken your countries so easily. "

Noticing the armed guards around the room each of the leaders signed the control of their countries over to the Canadian government each in turn. World War Three had ended before it had truly begun. There would be no resource war, there would be no apocalypse, there would be only peace.  