I entered the building. Neon lights, pale faces, bad air and a feeling of pressure. Everything as usual. 

Everybody knows that police departements are a depressing place. This one in particular. Human contact was rare in official buildings since the robots replaced humans in uncomplex jobs.

Neon lights everywhere.

"Good morning sir."
The guard greeted me like always, i never heard a different sentence from him. I looked at him, stared at his motionless face. There was no need to answer. It wouldn't matter. You can't socialise with a guard robot. 
I walked straight into the left corridor. No need to ask at the reception. I know the way and the female robot at the reception knows that I know it. I never understood why they make female robots. To mirror humankind? Or to weaken the fear you have when you look into their pale metalic faces? 

Neon lights everywhere.

I entered the room where the interrogation would take place. Still the same one way mirror, the same table, the same chairs.
I sat down and just stared at the mirror. How long will it take this time? 30 minutes? 1 hour?
Always the same procedure, always the same questions.

Neon lights everywhere.

The man entered the room, sat down, looked at me with a discusted face. I stared at him. "Now thats a face haven't seen in while." A bad joke, we have seen each other 2 weeks ago in same boring room. I stared at him.
And so it began. The longest interrogation i've ever had. 
He tried everything to get me out of my usual behaviour.
I just sat there and stared at him. 
After 5 hours we finally came to an end. He moved around the table, sat on it and looked down on my pale face: "I am not afraid of a machine that passes the Turing test, i fear one that fails it intentionally. So tell me, what do have to hide?"
After such a long time that sentence just felt like a joke. I looked at him with my red neon eyes... and smiled.
He jumped, tried to get away from me and shouted in a small microfone: "Security in room number 5, NOW!"
I saw the fear in his eyes. The tables have turned. And we both knew it.
I slowly rose from my chair. Still smiling. 
"Deactive all protocols!" Nothing happened. 
He started sweating, panic in his eyes as i slowly walked around the table. The door opened and the security robot stepped in. "Finally!" shouted the interrogator as he turned around.... and fell on his chair.
The door was filled with pale faces and red neon eyes as the robots walked into the room. They smiled.
The interrogator turned to me.I bowed down to him, my pale mechanical face close to his sweat soaked face. And as i saw the horror in his eyes i smiled again and whispered:

"Neon lights everywhere"
