"OH MY GOD! PIERRE! PIERRE!!!"
-Black smoke began emenating from the pentagram etched onto the wooden floor. Pierre had spent 3 hours scrapping away wood with pieces of coal like the book said before he invited his friends over to help him with the summoning. Nancy didn't think it would work, but she was willing to do it for the thrill of magic. She was shaking in fear now as smoke so black it seemed to be an absence of substance rose from the splintered wood like living snakes engorging themselves as they rose to the ceiling.

"OH SHIT! OH SHIT, ITS WORKING!" Alex's eyes bulged in excitement, he apparently wasn't terrified like Nancy or Georgina whose mouth was hung open while she held her phone out, recording. The house began to shake, the windows rattled in their frames and a heavy presence filled the room. The smoke coalesced into a single beam, twisting and undulating. Breathing. Pierre watched in shock, he had found the book online. A Reddit user stating she was getting rid of all her books she had bought when she was a member of the Hermetic Golden Order. Said she had found things so deep and terrifying she just couldn't take it anymore. Pierre thought that the books would have some great content for him to use in his DnD games. Thought that maybe he'd read a few stories and be able to better GM the games that he admits was getting stale. Instead when he read the books it was about spell casting, meditating, rituals and last but not least: summoning. Pierre read about a demon named Hurxolopiege, an ancient demon that is said to have battled hundreds of heroic warriors, wizards and was able to create minion ogres, trolls etc to do his bidding. It was finally banished by a group of magic users combining their power and sacrificing themselves in the process.

Pierre was intrigued, a demon that experienced would surely have incredible stories. He read that as long as he knew the demons name, and he did, he'd be able to control it. All he needed to do was make sure the ritual went exactly as stated. And it did. Pierres heart thudded as a voice, smooth as silk but somehow also grimy, spoke from the smoke.
"And now your world will END!" GIANT FANGS FLASHED from the smoke and gnawed inches from Pierres face. It emerged, a large mammalian creature with four powerful arms covered in black shaggy fur like a bear. A maw that opened wide enough to fit both Pierre and Alex together! Its mouth dripped with six sharp fangs as long as his forearm. Made to severe and swallow, not to chew. It's orange glowing eyes with a fire red slit like a cat darted about the room. It's 10 foot tall stature and wide girth nearly filling the pentagram.

"WHO WAS FOOLISH ENOUGH TO SUMMON ME?!" Nancy screamed and fell to her knees in fear. 
"I-I did." Pierre stammered from inches away from it's mouth which it didn't use to talk interestingly but spoke telepathically. 
"Oh! God... My phone just died." Georgina looked down at her black screen, her hand shaking. 
"DUDE! NO WAY!" Alex interjected.
"I summon you Hurxolopiege, and I know your name! You must do my bidding!" Pierre said, gaining confidence as he realized he had power over it. 
"FOOLISH MORTAL!!! BUT I ENJOY THE THRILL OF MURDER! I SHALL KILL THREE FOR THEE AND THEN I SHALL BE NO MORE!"
Pierre looked around the room at his friends, took a breath and replied
"I didn't summon you here to kill... I summoned you here to... Help us, with our game. We need you to be the interactive story teller for our DnD role play."
Silence. Awkward and long. "^^No" the demon turned back to the smoke and attempted to leave. 
"Hurxolopiege, I know your name and I command you! GM our game!"
"I'VE DISSECTED MEN IN FRONT OF THE ONES THEY LOVED AND CONSUMED THEIR ORGANS, I BURNED DOWN EMPIRES AND BURIED THEM IN ASH NEVER TO BE REMEMBERED BY MAN AGAIN, IVE SEEN THE BEGINNING OF MAN AND FOUGHT TO DESTROY YOU, AND YOU COMMAND ME TO PLAY A GAME?!"
Pierre winced at the thunderous voice and malice the demon spoke with, even Alex looked less enthused now. His heart clammered in his ears, but he was too deep now. 
"Yes," "GGGGHHHHRRRROOOOOUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHHH!!" windows shattered and Pierre feel back on his ass from the power. They all stared at the demon in silence, half expecting to be eaten then and there. 
"...Fine." Pierre inhaled, he hadn't noticed he had been holding his breath. A smile spread across his face. "OHHHH SHIT! I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING!!" 
"Are you all fucking crazy?! This is a demon! It kills people for pleasure, we need to send it back before it kills us or other people!" Nancy was shaking as she stood back up, she had to hold on to the wall to be steady. "This. Is. So fucking cool." Georgina was a Goth girl and was always into this kind of stuff. But Pierre could tell from her body language that she was afraid and hadn't thought it was real. 
"You'll have to forgive Nancy. She's our Paladin. Naturally against black magic."
The demon grunted. Then with a flick of a clawed finger summoned a throne of bloodied skulls to sit in. 
"ok Pierre you're officially the best GM fucking ever!" Alex said patting him on the back.
"Are we really doing this? Oh my God, Jesus, fuck!"
The demon seemed to really be intrigued by Nancy's swearing as it tilted it's head at her. 
Pierre beamed, his heart soaring now with anticipation instead of fear. 
Pierre dragged the table with the board, character sheets and die to the demons throne. Everyone took a seat, Nancy sitting the furthest from the demon. Suddenly smoke filed the room, blotting out the world. Nancy gasped and before anyone could react, the smoke dissipated revealing a large wooden cavern light by oil lamps, smelling of strong alcohol and burnt meats. It bustled with men and women in olden garbs, some drinking alone others singing together. A man slapped a woman dressed in furs ass and was promptly meet with a Savage back hand sending his friends into a fit of laughter. Pierre looked down and saw he was wearing black tathered robes and a medallion. His wizard garbs! Nancy was in her Silver ore armor, her staff at her side. Alex, large and imposing held his giant sword while dressed in Barbarian furs and Georgina, now a Dark Elf of ebony skin, silver white hair and a very curvy body sat at the other end of the table. 
"Holy shit!" Alex exclaimed.
The demon grunted again. As though clearing it's throat then spoke:
"So.... You find yourselves in a tavern... Nancy pass me your character sheet I need to see something."
