Everything- from the way her eyes caught midday's sunlight, to the vibrant smile she wore even when a hundred sneering faces bore down upon her- was perfect. A beauty so vibrant I swear the world around her looked to come alive just a *little* bit more.

And yet, it seemed that no one agreed. Quite the opposite, judging by the ushering of children from her sight.

Sometimes I think back to that day, when I saw her. It brings a certain warmth to my heart when it starts to ice over. I was only six at the time, but I'll never forget her.

"Why's everyone scared of you?" I asked, tugging at her skirt. "You're so pretty."

It was her who then looked oddly at me. "You think so?"

"Yeah, you're like a movie star!"

"I've dabbled in Hollywood," she said with a laugh. "Then again, that's not saying much. You want to know why they hate me?"

I nodded with the fervor of a curious child.

"Everyone sees me differently. Usually, people are scared. They hate me because I remind them of what is inevitable."

"What's that mean?" I asked.

"Do you know what death is?"

I nodded again, slower this time.

"What comes to mind when you think of it?" 

I thought hard, staring into the concrete. "I know that when Mr. Pebbles went away, my Mommy used that word. It's when things go away for a long time, right?"

The woman smiled at me. "Yes, a very long time at that. They don't ever come back here. Doesn't that frighten you?"

"Hmm. No, I don't think so."

"Why is that?"

"Well, I think it'd be really boring if we were here forever. Besides, Mr. Pebbles hurt a lot. Wherever he went, things hurt less for him."

She got down on one knee and touched my face, much to the horror of everyone around us. "You're a sweet child, but there's much you've yet to learn."

"I bet there's all kinds of stuff, yeah. But wherever we all go at the end, I bet it's something really cool."

"Maybe." She opened her mouth to speak, but closed it and stood up. "I'll let you find it all out for yourself. We'll meet again, someday. You might not be happy to see me."

It was my turn to smile at her. "I can't wait to see you! Maybe we'll see each other wherever Mr. Pebbles went."

"Unfortunately, I think we will." And in just a mere moment, it was like she had never been there. To this day, I wonder if I'll still see her the same way. I worry I might not.

But I remember her smile, and all doubt disappears like she did on that sunny summer day.

-----

*/r/resonatingfury*