Skulls of the Hydroxians lined the pikes surrounding the sacred burial site of Elder Leslie's first remains.

Five youth had survived long to enough for sacred rites. Receiving the Holy Circles marked their transition. 

Three proved strong enough to withstand the long time of scarification, burning, tattooing, transplants, and bloodletting. The fallen two proved organ matches for the elders in their medpods. 

The three tested their might in mortal combat. More organ donations in short time. 

The final survivor had the honor of opening the sacred casket and lifting the tracking collar to the sky. 

The long time of revelry became a long, long-time. Not enough filters and provisions to stay for so long. Journey back too long and dangerous for any to leave alone so all remained, hungover and grumbling about thick air and fallout sickness. 

The collar's green and yellow lights had flashed dimly but steadily for some time, having gathered enough beams to reactivate.

And yet, no nectar.

The Yamazaki-Nabisco railguns never fired as they always did every cycle. Allied Mastercomputer had forgotten and forsaken. 

Maybe they had been destroyed. Maybe not enough blood spilled or organs transplanted. Maybe they realized Elder Leslie has technically died years earlier, original organs no longer among the tribe but mere vat-grown facsimilies installed.

The mob ended the collar-bearer and then turned inwards quickly. First the medpods were destroyed as they represented the present forgotters and forgotten past. 
Soon self-inflicted genocide followed. 

The skies parted while the final pair threw rocks, medpod needles, and removed appendages at one another.  

Both looked upwards in awe at the metal bird. Dual chainguns fired chocolate discs. A hose sprayed double stuff napalm across the fields. The Final Integration of the commercial AI and military AI clusters had been realized.

A small drone detached from mother bird, dove into the wreckage, and returned with the collar. The firing ceased. The contract moved to the archives of the resolved.

Only crumbs for the insects remained.










