She was irritated. No, not quite irritated. She was mildly perturbed. The sink in her bedraggled apartment continued to drip. Drip, drip, drip. It was enough to drive a mortal mad. Thankfully, she was no mortal. Barely more, of course, she amended. Her lips quirked. Oh, how she had fallen since those halcyon years. She missed the heat of the sun on her dark skin, the perfumed, dusty air filled with voices of her people. They had moved on from her. It was foolish to think it would last, for her land was an ever-changing one, washed over with waves of people as inevitable as the tide itself. Certainly, some still remembered the old ways, but the Universe did not care much for the motions themselves. The humans were too busy with Snap-grams or Twits now. 


When the prayers weren’t coming in as quickly as before, she had turned to trade. She was a survivor. She had traveled to America like so many others and set up a little extermination business. Her white van emblazoned with animal print proclaimed “We hunt down your problems!” The apartment with yellowed walls was bathed in the cold light of the television. She had gotten a great deal since no one had wanted to live by a cemetery. Superstitious fools. A herd of gazelle on the television ate grass mildly, unaware they were stalked by a lone lioness. Out of the wretched monotony of that Wednesday like any other, came a *thrum*. She bolted upright, the vibration echoing within her like a plucked string on a forgotten instrument. She closed her eyes and let the call pull her away. 


She opened her eyes again and, surprisingly, found herself standing not two blocks away in a playground. A little girl with a cloud of dark hair peered up at her through puffy eyes. She had to take the initiative here. Clearly neither of them knew what in the world was going on. “Is something wrong, little one?” She ventured - children had never been her strong suit. 


“They won’t stop laughing at me!” The girl said fiercely, tears starting up again. “They keep saying that I’m burnt and that my food smells like garbage. Help me hurt them!” 


She felt a tendril of her ancient rage stirring. “You have the soul of a warrior, little one. Your worth is so much more than your skin. And your food? It’s good that they don’t like it - otherwise you may have to share.” She knelt down to the girl’s level and snapped her fingers. “There, now those little demons will find their lunches full of ants.” 


The girl giggled helplessly through the tears. She kissed the top of the girl’s head and guided her inside the school. She headed to her next job, reinvigorated. She gathered her tools with a spring in her step that hadn’t been seen since the 6th century. 


“Callie!” yelled an aggrieved voice out the window of the nearby building. Kali heaved up her backpack sprayer and prepared for war.  


*Note: I'm very new at this and would love any advice you may have*


