“Are you reading this hogwash Simon?” I yelled exasperated. “This is the type of crap that turns people into Voldemort!”

“Voldemort went to Hogwarts,” he said matter-of-factly. 

I groaned out loud. “That’s not the point. And what do the mean ‘someone of your potential’?”

Simon didn’t answer. He re-read the letter a fourth and fifth time. “Hmmm. Do you mind if I try something?” he asked finally.

“Be my guest.” Simon could be hard to read at times and watching him examine my rejection letter was no different. When I first met him a few year ago, I mistakenly thought he was unusually off, but it turned out he was a wizard. Simon’s shape gaze glossed over, and his head tilted slightly back. In his right hand he held my letter, and in his left, he grasped the medallion swinging around his neck. 

I only learned of my gifts after meeting Simon during Freshman orientation. I remember watching him push through the crowd of anxious teenagers, the first words being, “I think you’re a wizard. Also, my name is Simon Turner.” And since then, we’ve been best friends.

The medallion he held pulsated. Simon told me all wizards and witches used some kind of conduit to focus their magic: wands, staves, or sometimes objects the user held great value for. His father used his family’s ring—an heirloom that absorbed generations of wizard magic and blood. One day he would inherit it, but for now, he used a half dollar coin minted in 1825.

Unlike my parents, Simon’s embraced his magical abilities and began teaching him when he came of age. I had no idea what he could do. I assumed he was performing some type of clairvoyance to delve into its true meaning or perhaps the letter was a test for would be wizards to solve in order to gain acceptance. 

FLOOF! The letter lit on fire and burnt to a crisp in an instant. An eerie moan escaped as a black puff of smoke lifted into the atmosphere.

“Hmmm,” was all he said.

“What does, what does that mean,” I asked somewhat impatiently. 

Simon stood up and shouldered his backpack. “I dunno. I gotta go home. We’ll talk tomorrow.”

“What about me letter?” but he was already walking away.

“I eviscerated it.” 

I sighed. That was Simon for you. I turned and headed towards my house. This wasn’t over. If Wessington wouldn’t accept me, maybe another, less renown school would. I wouldn’t be going to college with my best friend, but at least I could become a wizard.

Dinner that night was like every other night. I took my food and ate alone in my room. My parents and I were still in a stalemate that had lasted the better half of the year. I had had a sit down with them and told them I was seriously considering going to wizarding school as opposed to a traditional four-year college—they immediately shot down my idea. Confused, I asked why they denied their magical abilities, but all my father would tell me was that he and my mother decided to stop practicing some time before I was born. In defiance, I applied to Wessington, the best wizarding school in the nation and arguably the world.

I texted Simon: Anything? But he didn’t reply. Despite being restless, I decided to go to bed and after an hour of tossing and turning, I fell asleep.

I woke up a few hours later. Something felt strange, and the feeling in my gut made me wary. Three men, cloaked in dark robes, emerged from out of the corners of my room. Startled, I shot up and out of the covers. Two of them held wands pointed at my direction, while the third wielded a staff.

“The boy cannot live,” the one in the middle stated and on queue both wands began to glow. The man with the staff held his weapon with two hands. He bent his knees in a supporting position and I could feel a low hum begin to resonate from the end of his staff. 

A huge flash erupted. Instinctively, I threw my hands up, covering my eyes. A warmth surged through my palms and when I looked up, three incandescent balls of fire floated inches from my face. In a rage, I pushed the air around me—the warmth in my hands quickly turned to an inferno. The three balls slammed into the walls and the resulting explosion obliterated the room. 

I pushed my way out of wood and the remains of the roof. Outside, the moon peaked behind several clouds and a cold breeze eased the burning sensation in my hands. I could see the outlines of the three men—they did not stir.

“Son?!” I could hear my dad in the hallway. He pounded on the door, but debris kept it from moving. “Stand back, dear,” he said.

A huge force sent chunks of the door flying out of the exposed house and my father entered my room, a sleek wand in his left hand.

I had never seen the look he had draped on his face. “We need to go. NOW!” he ordered. 