I would like to say I had forgotten - that I didn't care. That I'd moved on. 

That's what they all say to do, you know? Move on. As if it was just possible to forget a part of your mind, cut it out like a tumor, and set it aside. Well if it was a tumor it wasn't a benign one. I'd tried it all, therapy, friends, family, and it went away. For years sometimes I forgot about him, and then all of a sudden he came howling back like a cancer that just wouldn't go away. All it took was a fight with my sister, or with Dave. It had stayed for a while back when mom had died. 

And he was due to come back today, the bastard. I'd been checking the feeds for the last couple years now. His transport feeds still showed on time. His transport hadn't exploded.  

I hoped he didn't come. 

I hoped he came. 

A knock.

I froze for a moment on my sofa as my heart skipped a beat. 

"Home," I said, "show camera feed."

"Right away, Alexa," the house responded, and my phone showed the visitor on the doorstep. 

It was him. 

He was standing there as if he'd left yesterday, as if he hadn't betrayed us at all. He had startlingly blue eyes, a virtual clone of mine, and his dark hair looked a bit unkempt, but it fell right past his earlobes, just like it used to. He was holding an open carton of Milk in one hand. Oh no big deal, just going to see my family I abandoned 50 years ago - better buy some milk before I go there though. And he was smiling.
 
*Smiling*

I got up from my sofa, and checked the camera of my phone. My deep red hair fell past my shoulders, and a few wrinkles had crept up on my face, but for the most part I looked young enough. The wonders of telomere preserving drugs. My blue eyes were clear - there wasn't a single tear in them. 

I stalked over to the door, and with no show whatsoever threw the door open. Yep. There he was smiling, his eyes twinkling. “Hey Al-“

He never finished because I clenched my fist and punched him in the gut. The milk went flying out of his hands and spilled all over the lawn.

He never saw it coming and reeled backwards. “Listen,” he said, “I know you’re upset-“

I laughed at that. “Upset,” I said, flatly. “You know I’m fucking upset,” I said and slammed my knee against his stomach, knocking the breath out of him.

“You couldn’t understand,” he said, “my life was at a dead end, I needed some cash.”

“Oh right,” I snarled, “where the hell could your life possibly go after having two young daughters and a wife? Of course your life was over.” I swung again, and he ducked.  We were out on the driveway now. The wind was cool against my skin, but I felt like I was burning up. 

“100,000 dollars, Alexa! Inflation adjusted!” he said, “I can turn my life around! Just spend six months on a really fast ship to study time dilation or whatever, and I’m done. It’s like magic!”

Magic. Yeah it had been magic how quickly all our lives had been uprooted. And how we didn’t see a cent of it. 

“Why are you back?” I asked, my voice low.  

He looked genuinely taken aback. “To see my daughters,” he said, “my wife-“

“Your wife’s dead,” I said. 

I almost smiled at the expression on his face. He had shown less expression when I had punched him. It almost made up for the lance of pain that went through my heart every time I remembered mom. Almost. 

We stood there on the driveway for a moment, both of us breathing heavily.  

“Alexa, let me make up to you,” he said, and he actually sounded halfway genuine, “I’ll share the money. Please, Allexa, I don’t want to be a villain.”

“I’m a millionaire, Dad. Thanks to mom’s caring, my sister’s support, and in a way I guess, thanks to your betrayal. I don’t need your money, and I wouldn’t take it even if I was dying.”

“Al-“

“Bye, dad,” I said, “never come back. I've gotten used to it." I turned back and slammed the door. 

“Alexa,” the house said, “your heart rate is elevated, and your stress levels are dangerously high. Would you like to call emergency services?”

I laughed. I guess that’s what closure felt like. 

The tears came soon after.
***
(minor edits: grammar, spelling, rephrasing, added in bit about milk)

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  

edit: Hey guys didn't think the story was that bad lol. why the downvotes :/ Feedback is welcome!
