Nicolas's eyes widen as he unraveled the scroll further and further. His dreams were coming true the more he read. The enemy of a fictional character, the killer of wolves, the enemy of very bad men will have a daughter who holds the greatest treasure in all the land. "Ah ha," he said reaching for his laptop, furiously typing in IMDB looking for a name " it can't be anyone other than the Neesons. No one else is that talented". 

The pupils started to take over his eye in excitement. Running for the keys to his vehicle, tripping over scattered newspapers, and ripping through pictures with strings leading from one photo to the next. Nicolas jumped in his car and hit an old lady screeching out of his driveway screaming "He's a vampire, he's a vampire, he's a vampire and his daughter is the key to it all!" 

Playing a game of corn hole, Liam tossed the bag filled with corn onto the other side of the board and nearly missed when his son shouted "Dad, that is the fifth time you've missed in the row. You're getting old and stuff." 
"Shut the hell up Micheal and don't say old and stuff. Just say you're getting old. You sound like a bloody idiot"
Just as fast as Liam missed another shot Nicholas pulled into the driveway half into his lawn and half across the mailbox. "What in the ever-living-fuck" Liam said underneath his breath. Nicholas jumped from his convertible and jogged to Liam's face, "I have you now vampire and you're little dau--". Liam's underside of his hand connected with Nicholas's throat and caused him to black out.

Nicholas woke up face towards the sun with a raspy voice he said "Liam. I know it was you who made the Mona Lisa and it was made from your immortal daughter."
"What in the hell are you going on about little man?"
"You played a fictional character, you killed wolves, and were the enemy of bad men. Therefore, your daughter is a national treasure and I'm going to expose you."
Liam mumbled underneath his breath as he walked inside and came back out with a mirror held it up with their faces next to each other, "Does it look like I can see myself in this mirror? Oh look it does and I'm out in the sunlight." Confused, Nicholas pulled out the parchment and looks it over again "This doesn't make sense you fit the description perfectly!"
"Well, actually you know who would love this and fits it perfectly?"
"Who?"
"Jeremy Renner, he's next door plus he has a daughter, I have two sons."

A giant smile came across Cage's face as he stood up too quickly to his feet and stumbled across the yard. "Where does he live?" he yelped. "Well, he lives next door, you should go investigate." A smirk ran across Liam's face as he watched Cage attempt to get his footing and hop a fence. He stepped over the waist high fence and collapsed again only to get up in a quick manner. "I'm okay!" He stood still for a moment staring at Jeremy's door. His hands started to shake and he pointed his fingers, "Okay, let's ride". 

Liam could only hear a knock on the door and a high pitched "What the fuck are you doing?" who could only come from Renner. As Liam got closer to see what was going on when Nicolas forced his way inside he saw him come sprinting out the door and rolling around on the ground screaming "Not the bees, oh god not the bees!". Renner turned to Liam and said, "How many times has it been this month?" Liam responds "Five if you include the time he tried to steal your car."

