A usual day for you is to go to the office.

Your power isn't much interesting. Some people can soar through the air at ludicrous speeds. Others have an ultra effective poison as the natural oil their body produces, being able to kill anyone with a slight touch. Hell, there are even some rumors that some people can control the flow of time. 

And you? You can crack your knuckles, and they just... light up. You never were one to complain about getting the shortest straw, but you basically just got a millimeter of straw when you were born. And, from what you've been able to gather, you're also the only person in the city with that power. Maybe the world, but searching like that takes time, and you have stuff to work on.

Most of the time, your powers are not that useful. What's the need for glowstick bones in the 21st century? But you've been able to get some oddjobs here and there to cover some bills. A cave-in happened last Thursday, and you were called to light the way. A blackout happened, and a certain building was taken over by rioters, and you were called to be a bluff. That was a real fun one, actually. You still chuckle at the thought of the rioters getting panicked as hell because you told them you had radioactive hands.

And, right now, you're just... in an office, working. You're not too fond of office jobs, in fact, if you could, you'd take jobs related to your powers all the time, but your powers are too situational, and the frequency you'd get jobs with would not be able to pay the bills.

As you get home after a long day of work, you see someone sitting in a rolling chair with the lights turned off. Oh my fucking god, you hate those guys. The guys that think they're sooo cool, so they have to make dramatic reveals to everyone they meet, so they just fucking break into other people's houses just to make sure they look cool enough. Worst thing is, those guys usually have really strong powers, so you couldn't kill them if you tried.

You try turning on the light, but it wouldn't come on. Did this dude just cut the power supply in your house just to make you use your powers? That is so fucking dumb. You crack your knuckles and they glow with a green tint.

"Oh. Hello, David. Very nice to meet you."

He turns around.

Oh. Ohhhh, shit.

It's the mob boss. It's fucking Big Donnie.

"I heard about your... radioactive fists from my boys. And I wanted to know if you would like to have a job from me."

Wait, that last part didn't come from behind the chai- OH FUCK HE'S BEHIND YOU. Fuck, he's a time master. Oh shit.

You are so fucking screwed.