The stranger did not have a tail. His voice was heavy and gruff, his tones more like barks than the melodious tunes that alighted our tongues. And most importantly, he did not have a Song. Everyone has a Song. The Song that binds them to the world, the Song that makes us truly complete. In our eden, it is the Song that gives us our strength and our comfort. And this... creature lacked it. Just as he lacked a tail, he stood there, bereft of identity and place. This... this was an alien. 


The younger me would have been excited- for years I had been possessed by the notion that there were other beings out there in the wide world. No, not the long-tails from the northern lands, nor the winged people who soared across the sea. Not even the finned ones from the deepest rivers. I was possessed by the image of a creature from beyond the stars. Perhaps their skin was green, rather than the earthern hues or the pale blue that our neighbors were tinted with. Perhaps their heads were shaped differently. Or their fingers glowed.


But this stranger... he looked almost like one of us. He had two eyes, which lay flat against his features- very few creatures possess such traits- he had five fingers as well. He was taller, and since he was bereft of clothing, I could only assume he was similar to the males of my village. I had never seen one undressed before... this bizarre creature seemed to have no real compunction to hide himself, much to the dismay of my sisters. He had mouth with lips, and his eyes shone with the intelligence of a sentient creature. He did not, however, possess a tail. There was only one such creature that came to my mind, sacriligeous as it may be. The things he lacked reminded me... of a God.


As a Priestess of Io, I am blessed to know the body of a Goddess personally. She sat upon a throne in our temple, wreathed in the freshest of flowers each morning. It had been decades since she last spoke. The last time she had awakened, she had gifted us with a new prayer. Such bizarre notes inspired the best of our artists, creating new words just to match her tones. Since then, it was duty of the priestesses to keep our Goddess in her pristine form. I knew her better than most... I hate to admit it, but sometimes I would sit alone with the still, doll-like goddess, and whisper some of my dreams to her. I would like to think that, sitting there, dressed in the flowers of the land she created, eyes closed in an eternal slumber, she was having dreams of her own.


This creature was no Goddess.


Its face had some awful, springy hair growing off it, his body seemed to cling to dirt. He had... an odor about him. One only a mortal being could have. One that made my sisters' noses crinkle. Our Guardians hissed and spat at the creature, their fur standing on end. One each approached him threateningly, its muscles pulsing with the urge to hunt. Its orange and white fur, streaked with dark stripes, rippled as it rumbled with power I almost dreaded watching. Almost. In all these years, I had never seen the guardians do more than blink at the world before them. If they had songs, what would they sing of?


The creature seemed to find the Guardians... humorous. Or something fascinating. He reached out to the one that approached, his fingers curving in a little. The Guardian grumbled... but I could see it easing. It stood more heavily upon its paws. It was relaxing. The creature was saying something, and though it sounded grating, I could at least make out soft, guttural attempts of a peaceful tone. The creature sighed in relief as the Guardian leaned in and allowed the monster to lay its hand upon its head.


*How could this be?* my panicked heart alit. My sisters began to titter madly. A guardian? Seduced by the brash, wretched tone of this music-less beast? *What manner of alien could this be?* I turned as I felt some tug my sleeve. Calico- that was our term for her, looked to me, her eyes wide with fear. She silently whispered to me, voice thrumming with the song. *Be this the aliens you once spoke of?* she asked of me, as eagerly curious as I was mortified. The triangular ears upon her head wiggled with excitement, her long slim tail swayed. My longer ears stiffened as the Guardian began to paw towards us, leading the Alien past us and into our most sacred of places- the Goddess' sanctum.


---


I ran ahead. I had to protect the goddess. In her slumber, she had no means of defending herself. Of the sisters, I was the only one willing to accept the possibility that our goddess could ever be vulnerable. Blades shattered against her skin, light did not make her blink. No doctor in all the lands could describe caring for a God. Like this, she was frail, lithe, and delicate as porcelein. I could not let this alien break her. I whispered a song to the wind, my mind singling upon a weapon I had seen weilded once before. From the air, it began to materialize. Strands of wood were born and simulataneous crushed against each other, a stone warping and shredding apart to form a pointed head. Twine snuggly bonded the two as I grasped the gift I requested of the World. A Spear, the fish-gilled man had called it. With it, I could hold this alien at bay. It was sacrilage, naturally, to wield a weapon in the goddess' presence, but apologies and cowtowing to Mother Superior could wait- this was a matter of defending the goddess!


I arrived in the sanctum just in time.


The Guardian, treacherous eternal beast, had lead the alien straight to the Goddess' meditation chamber, her favorite of places. She had, in her waking hours, surrounded herself with flowers and streams, a being that wished to be surrounded by the nature she had generated to aid her children. I regret trampling upon her lilies, her ferns, and her poeneas, but I had no choice- this monster had to be stopped. I leapt forth, landing betwixt the alien and the goddess, spear at the ready. "Do not touch her!" I barked out in the simplest language I knew- even children could understand the intent behind such harsh words.


The Alien's eyes glanced me over. The Guardian licked its paw and slunk away. The Alien tried raising its hands, a sign of greeting amongst my people. Clearly he had a different intent. If this truly was an Alien, then it could probably summon beams of light from its hand. I had heard of a dark god that had attempted such a thing. The Goddess never liked to speak of him, but she had fought that monster... just as I would fight this one. He would not take our goddess away from m- us!


The Alien began to skirt around me. I knew better than to let him jump me from the side- I twisted the spear to face him, to keep him at bay. He would not defeat me, not when I had the goddess to protect. I tried snarling like a Guardian. It seemed to work. The alien took a step back, though his eyes were on the goddess. He could not touch her. Not while I was here.


We stood there. The Alien was still... bared. But I focused upon keep it at bay. That wretched curiosity of mine was beginning to creep back in. Was this, perhaps, a male of his species? He bared a similar build to  the men from my village, though less... self-possessed. He certainly did not care much for his personal grooming. His hair was disheveled, messy, as though he had just awoken from a long, deep slumber. I once heard of a tribe that lived far to the north, who would survive their winters by huddling together and entering a deep, dream-filled sleep. I imagine that when they awoke, they did not really care much for their appearances. But even they had the Song. Even they could will the shape of the earth with their memories, sing of the beauty that surrounded them. This alien was blind. Blind to the flowers he trampled upon, ignorant of the wails their left in their wake, small and tinny as they were.


The Alien finally took a seat. His brow was furrowed. His eyes darted between me and the goddess. Finally he began to move his hands. He pointed to me first. Then the sleeping goddess. He then turned, and pushed aside his hair. It was then I was gripped with an uncanny sense of familiarity between the alien and the goddess. Their ears. They were shaped exactly the same. His finger was indicating something, but a dark fear was beginning to claim my mind. Was this creature, this alien... perhaps he too was a god. Not like the goddess, of course. She was pristine in all the ways he was marred. But perhaps they were connected in a deeper sense.


The alien's bark shook me from my mystification.


He was pointing to the goddess again, and then sliding a finger behind his ear. He was pushing the circular disk of flesh in a strange manner. I looked between him and goddess...


This accursed curiosity, a remnant of a childhood I had worked hard to bury, began to guide my hands. Like a haunting ghost, a force possessed me to reach out... and caress the strange ear of the goddess. My fingers slid along the lovely doll-like deity's ear, when I felt something odd. It was like a nub, a little seed. I looked back to the alien, eyes wide with surprise. He met my look with a grin, nodding madly as he continued to push his ear. Again, my finger pushed against the nub without giving a second for my mind to develop a fear of violating the mysterious goddess in this manner.


My finger met a moment's resistence.


And the nub gave in.


There was a soft click. I heard a strange whirring sound. Too late, I noticed that the Alien had approached. I was ready to strike him, but the goddess' eyes sprung open, lips parting in that beautiful manner. I had awoken the goddess! Damnation would certainly fall upon me.


It was then she sang. As though it had not even been a moment since she began her slumber, she continued to sing the song she had left us with. The strange collection of guttural sounds that had inspired every being with a voice continued. 

And thus she sang...

"Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down."