I had had some difficulty finding the door the first time because all of them looked the same in this department, and people generally only go up to this wing a couple of times.  Doris, the ancient, overweight, bespectacled secretary whose desk was positioned uncomfortably close to the elevator on this floor, and whose unrelenting surliness had nearly ruined floral-print dresses for me, told me on the last visit that I had already long surpassed the previous recordholder.  Apparently, his last trip up here had been his twelfth.
  
"Back to create more paperwork for me, I see," was Doris' acid greeting.  "Well, you know where to go.  I'm sure he'll be thrilled to see you again."  "No doubt," I responded with the forced sarcasm of the feigned fellow sufferer.  "I'll let him know you're here," said Doris, with the enthusiasm of a funeral director, which I suppose was not inappropriate.  She picked up the phone and pressed a button on the touchpad.  "It's him again," she said into the phone.  There was a pause.  "Yeah. OK."  She hung up the phone.  "He'll see you now."  She jabbed a finger down the hallway.

Honestly, I was relieved to face Death again.  I was fairly certain that the cacophony of screaming babies--infant mortalities, or "IMs" in Department-jargon--and the ceaseless pandemonium of other newly-arrived souls in the waiting room was worse than whatever choir of the damned presumably awaited me in hell.  I'm an optimist.

I wasted little time in he hallway.  The first time I had come, I had marveled at the sprawl of bureaucracy.  I guess it had never occurred to me that the gatekeepers to the afterlife (or whoever they were and whatever it was) would need so many accountants and department heads.  On my fourth trip up, I had tried to open the door to the Parks and Recreation Department (?), but of course the door was locked.

I stopped in front of the door that bore a nameplate marked DEATH.  I suppose if one had not already expired, it might give one pause to open such a door.  Even now, on my nineteenth visit, I still felt some apprehension.  Nonetheless, after a brief pause, I raised my hand up to the door and knocked.  "Come in," said a tired-sounding voice.

I opened the door and walked in.  As usual, there behind the desk sat a balding, middle-aged man in a grey suit.  He looked at me with baleful, rheumy, blue eyes.  "Uh, hello, Mr. Death," I said, with the same uncertainty I had had on my first visit.  His nameplate left it unclear whether this was a surname.  "Oh, don't bother," he said, impatiently waving off my attempt at formality.  "You might as well call me Jeff at this point.  You know me well enough by now," he snipped.  "Uh, OK,...Jeff," I answered, more than a bit unsure if this was a sincere invitation, and also secretly incredulous that this inauspicious appellation was the true prénom of the Gatherer of Souls.

Death (or Jeff) was already hunched over, digging through some files in the bottom drawer of his desk.  I waited in the doorway, uncertain whether to sit or remain standing.  As if reading my thoughts (who knows?), Jeff grunted and gestured to the chair, his head still buried in the files.  "Ah, here it is," he said.  He emerged holding an accordion file that was threatening to burst with manila folders and papers.  "You guys haven't gone paperless?" I said lamely.  "Nah," said Jeff, "budget cuts and whatnot.  Big guy doesn't wanna spring for a new system.  Now I *told* him we were running out of space in Storage," he said with irritation creeping back into his voice, "but all I get back is a one-line email--'new servers are expensive; tell your people to use less paper.'  The nerve!  I want to discuss a serious operational issue with him, and he won't even give me the time of day.  Guess I should morph into one of those blonde pieces of ass over in Natural Disasters," he said sarcastically.  "Big guy always seems to have time for *them.*"  I was startled by his crassness.  He heaved a sigh.  "You should see the memos HR has sent me."

"Alright, listen," he said, straightening up, "I'm gonna level with you.  I have no idea how you're doing this or what's going on.  I really don't.  I was against the whole coin flip thing from the start.  But the boss wanted it; he said it'd be 'good for morale' on the ground or whatever, and those puss--" --he stopped himself as I looked at him with distaste-- "those wimps down in Population Control couldn't be bothered to show up to the staff meeting to plead their case.  So here it is, and here we are.  I have literally millions of these stupid appointments every day, and you know how it goes.  About half of 'em win the toss and get to go back down there and relive their college days or whatever, and the other half lose and get their slips and head off to the other side.  This was *not* supposed to be my job," he complained.  "This is what the big guy and the COO were supposed to be doing.  That's always how it's worked.  They would look at the files, make a decision, and then it was sayonara, soul, have fun wherever.  'Oh, Death, your department's numbers have been sagging,' " --he was mimicking a high-pitched, nasal voice-- " 'I'm thinking we can bring those up and raise morale a bit.  Two birds with one stone!  What do you think?,' ".  

He stopped for a moment.  I decided to take a risk.  "Wow, he...really sounds like kind of a dick."  Jeff burst out laughing.  "You have no idea.  Seriously, if anything good happens down there, he takes all the credit for it and it's oh-my-praise-be-unto-him in every.  Goddamn.  Staff meeting.  But if something bad happens, it's always the same fucking company line about how he works in mysterious ways."  "Or he'll blame it on the COO," I said, making an educated guess.  "YES," said Jeff, laughing.  "I have no idea how that guy hasn't quit yet.  Whenever someone does something wrong, it’s always Lou’s fault.  Lou tempted him unto wickedness, Lou made him do it, yadda yadda yadda.  Lou, Lou, Lou.”

“So much for free will, am I right?,” I joked.  Jeff laughed again.  “Seriously, though.  I’m pretty sure they’re giving up on that one.  Honestly I think that’s why they started the whole coin-flip program.  They were starting to get a backlog of files in the corner office because no one could figure out anymore who was good, who was bad, who was just blessed or cursed by circumstances, et cetera.  So they figured if they couldn’t agree on anyone anyway, they’d just give half the people a re-do, with the choose-your-age thing thrown in as a token of goodwill.  Then when they came back up here, they’d have more data to go on, and they could figure out where the hell to send the guy.”

“So really they’re just kicking the can down the road,” I said, “because they’re going to have the same problem the second time around.  Or the nineteenth, in my case.”  Jeff chuckled.  “Yeah, things got out of hand.  Originally, the coin-flip program was just supposed to be for the Undecideables, but then I guess some serial killer prick who got denied a coin flip filed a lawsuit claiming it was unfair or whatever, and now everyone gets one.”  Jeff rolled his eyes.  “No good deed goes unpunished, as they say,” I offered.  
Jeff nodded.  “So you get it; you get why I’m so pissed off about this.  Nothing personal, and I mean that.  I just get fed up because my guys will bring somebody in, and I don’t even know if we just wasted money sending them out because half the time we just have to send them back.  And on top of that, I now have to spend all my time on these coin flips.  If you think my department numbers were sagging before, you should see them now.”

“That does sound pretty lousy,” I said sympathetically.  Jeff sighed.  “Listen, I know it’s not your fault you got caught up in all this politics and whatnot.  You seem like an OK guy.  I’m sorry for being a prick earlier, but you have to understand you’re kind of a symbol of my frustrations around here.”  I shrugged.  “No worries, it’s fine.”

Jeff slumped back for a second in his chairs, his eyes studying me carefully.  “Look, maybe I can make it up to you,” he said finally.  “Let me see if I can put in a word for you upstairs.  That way, you’ll get into to pass on to the other side with assurances that you’re going to the...right place”—here he snorted—“and I’ll finally get to tell Doris that we can toss this monstrosity.”  He gestured despairingly at the bulging accordion file sitting on the desk.

