My biggest regret recently was telling people. It was only a matter of time until every time I died I would have to prove myself to be the immortal again. 

I couldn't ever control where I ended up. A few times I tried really hard to focus as I committed suicide, hoping that I might be able to learn more about my power. It never worked. I spent a good few lifetimes trying to learn new languages with my absorbent, infant brain. The issue then is staying up to date with the world. Waking up in the middle of nowhere with no food, and no access to a computer or any way to escape can really set my work back. It didn't take long for me to get good at killing myself quickly. The hardest part was knowing the grief I was causing every time. 

Once the Internet took off I decided it was time to ease my burden. I remember meeting the agents the first time. Of course they didn't really believe I had any supernatural abilities, but they wanted to know how a 14 year old could know so much personal information about historical events. I even went to the extent of mapping out areas I had lived thousands of years ago, revealing some major historical dig sites. 

They placed a pistol in front of me, by my request. It was actually quite shocking how easily I could have just shot them then and there, but I went through my routine. They gave me a ten word sentence constructed in that room with me in plain sight. I put the gun to my head and pulled the trigger. The click cut through the silence. One of the agents laughed, pulled out his gun and shot me point blank. That should have been the first red flag. 

As promised, I ran as fast as my small legs could take me to a phone booth, trying to escape the screaming woman whose​ child's mind had just been taken by myself. It always made me think back to all the loving mothers I had throughout my curse. I never quite managed to stop the tears. 

I had to spend a few days waiting to be extracted by these assholes. They showed up smashed on a private jet and demanded they stay a few days for 'reconnaissance'. It was no wonder my secret got out. 

There were on a few occasions some very bright and manipulative kids, usually raised by narcissistic parents, who would try and pretend to be me if I hadn't been heard from for some time. Proving I was who I said was never easy in the first place. It could take weeks, or even months to get in touch with them. 

Now I'm stuck in this 'multi-shared-sentience' contract. They made that term up just for me. Basically if I ever wanted to have my abnormalities studied, I would have to work for them undercover. There's a lot that a kid with my power can do, and they kind of bent the law to allow my younger iterations to work for them. 

We've been working together for a few years now and have made absolutely no progress. I can't say I'm surprised though, I know where this evil came from. I just didn't want it to be true. It can be hard playing certain events having such a large catalogue of memories. 

How was I ever to know that the bargain I took all those years ago would be torture? How was I supposed to know the implications of damning every other intelligent lifeform to hell just to become immortal. You end up killing a lot of people and go through many bouts of insanity. Its not what I thought it would be. So many billions of souls doomed to the fire, all because of my greed. 

All because of one apple. 

