Thanks for taking the time to see me.  I realize neither of us have a choice in the matter, but  want you to know that I appreciate it.  

Sure doctor, I can talk about it.  As a matter of fact I'd like to.  No, I'd rather keep the cuffs on if it's all the same to you.  Just to be safe, you understand.  No sir, I'm not threatening you.  I just...let me tell you a little story and you'll see what I mean.  

It started at an early age.  It was a joke.  The oldest gag in the book.  Tap their shoulder and make them look.  But one day I realized that it wasn't a gag.  It was a power.  Not anything like flying or seeing through walls or whatever, but it was a power.  And I realized really early that it was a power I had very little control over.  

When I was 9, my mom enrolled me into Pop Warner football.  That lasted about half a practice.  I tried to block somebody, hit his shoulder, his head whipped around so hard that he went flying.  And unfortunately that was the coach's son and our star running back.  I was lucky that he just 'asked' me to leave.

So I got into music.  My mom had always tried to teach me the piano, I never wanted to even try.  I sat down and within a couple of weeks had picked up the basics.  Within 6 months I was at performance level.  When I hit age 11 they let me try other instruments.  I took to them like a duck to water.  By age 13 I was proficient with the trumpet, flute, clarinet, cello, acoustic guitar, and bass.  Then we moved to a bigger city.  

The first time we stepped foot into this church I knew I had found my calling.  The passion of the congregation.  The power of will of the priest.  And the music.  Oh the music.  I'd played religious songs in the past, sure, but this was just on such a different level.  The sheer unmitigated JOY that the musicians provided through something as simple as a hymn.  I had to be part of it.  And that's where it started.  

Through the next few years my life was consumed by music.  I took every music class I could in school, played in every group I could find, everything from sacred to secular.  I didn't care.  On the week of my 16th birthday I played with a symphony, a dixieland trio, a Count Basie tribute band, a thrash metal group, a bluegrass quartet, and the church orchestra.  It consumed me.

At age 17 I had my first girlfriend.  And that heralded the first reappearance of my power.  I'd spent years not touching anybody, to the point that it was ingrained in myself that I just couldn't.  Well this girl...she was something special.  We'd met earlier in the year when we sat next to each other in a master class led by a world-renowned french horn player. I started noticing her in different ensembles I played in.  Then one day she asked me if I'd like to get coffee after a practice.  

From that point we were inseparable.  At first it was all about the music, she was my other half.  The duets we played together were phenomenal, it was like we knew what the other was thinking.  But at some point it progressed to some of the more 'normal' teenage activities.  Then it happened.  I was kissing her, touched her shoulder, and her head whipped around, breaking my nose in the process.  It was something we'd laugh about later.  Or so I thought.  

A month later, she and I were taking a rare day off.  We had both just graduated high school, and were both slated to go to the local music college.  She wanted to try ice skating.  It sounds like fun, she said.  It's not a big deal, she said.  Until she fell.  And I tried to catch her.  By the shoulders.  Her head snapped from one side to the other so quickly that if I had tried I wouldn't have been able to stop it.  And the next thing I know she's limp in my arms.  The medical examiner said that it was whiplash that killed her, probably from the fall.  A hundred people saw it, they knew I wasn't to blame.  I was the only one that knew otherwise. 

For the next month or so, I couldn't touch an instrument.  They all reminded me of her, and what I had done.  I met with the dean of the college, he was willing to hold my scholarship a year for my bereavement.  But I knew I'd never set foot in there again.  

But then the music minister of the church I went to announced he would be retiring in a year, and approached me about taking over his position.  They offered to send me to seminary for six months, then to apprentice to him for another six months until he retired.  This was what I needed to get my head back on straight.  Seminary was an experience.  I was one of the few that hadn't come up in a religiously-focused background, so I was learning a lot of this stuff for the first time when it was old hat for the rest of the class.  But I learned how to pray, and how to empathize, and how to sympathize.  And how to make it sound sincere.  I got some cheat sheets of where stuff was in the bible, but since I was to minister through music that wasn't the biggest focus.  I graduated there, and came back to apprentice, where I learned about using music to get a point across.  And then the work started.  

My first few months were fine.  I worked in the church, I ministered out in the community, everything was great.  Then I went to my first nursing home...and I met her.  92 years old.  Barely alive.  Couldn't even muster the strength to commit suicide.  The first time I met her she whispered in my ear 'I see your power.  Please help me'.  I played my heart out for her and the rest of her group.  Most focused performance of my career.  As I was packing up, she looked at me with the most disappointed look I've ever seen.  Next week, same thing.  I realized what she was asking.  And I couldn't do it.  I fought with myself for weeks.  Agonizing over the thought.  I'd pray 'do I quit?  Do I stop ministering to her?  What do I do?'  But I couldn't stop going back.  It was that look, that pleading with the eyes that got to me.  So the next week, I told her I was going to help her.  Waited until nobody was looking, gave her a hug...and tapped her shoulders.  Left her quietly in her chair, a few days later they called me to let me know that my favorite person there had passed in her sleep.  

It was as if I had finally found my true calling.  I started visiting other nursing homes, hospices, senior centers, and 'helping people'.  The music was still there...but it was now just the excuse to get me there.  I helped dozens of people over the next few months.  Then somebody saw me do it.

And that's how I ended up here, doctor.  