If you had seen him, you would have seen a haggard man sitting in a dark, dusty cell. But that's not what Bill saw. He saw a clean, sterile hospital room. Outside the abandoned asylum, rain pattered stone and shards of broken windows. 

Days ago, a strange man handed Bill a card: "Dr. Philip See, M.D. Schizophrenia & Audiovisual Anomalies." He insisted that the man was a specialist who could perhaps help. This, after he saw Bill screaming into space at a spirit who was pestering him. Bill could not know that the man who recruited him for Dr. See was a spirit himself. Half of Bill's world was ghosts, although he never wised up enough to see. Everywhere just seemed too *crowded.* He hated ghosts only because the only ghosts that looked like ghosts to him were the ones who wanted to torment him; they appeared as corpses, as flayed men, as rotting flesh.

"Bill?" a pretty orderly said, "Dr. See is ready for you." She died in 1912 when a patient stabbed her in the neck with a pencil.

He timidly walked into the man's office, clutching his hat in his hands. He was a poor man, unblessed with much intelligence besides his ability to see beyond the veil of death. The doctor, a slight man in his early sixties, beckoned him to sit. He died at his desk 50 years ago, late at night, going over treatment options for his patients. He was a good man who didn't stop working for the sick, even in death.

He asked Bill to tell him what was wrong. Bill skirted around the subject, never quite reaching the truth of it. All he knew was that he saw things that weren't supposed to be there. He was not a religious or a superstitious man. He didn't believe he was seeing ghosts, only that he was sick in the head. The doctor nodded em pathetically.

"Consider," he said slowly, "that what you are seeing is not a hallucination."

"You mean... you mean that these ghosts are real? That's impossible. I must be crazy, I..."

"Tell me, Bill, do you feel crazy?"

"Well, I... not exactly, but there's no other..."

"Have you ever had any indication that you were insane in the past? Ever experienced wild swings of emotion? Behavioral issues?"

"Doctor, you must be joking. The ghosts can't be real, they just..."

"All I'm asking, Bill, is that you have some faith in yourself. You do not seem unwell to me. You seem afraid. Afraid that these spirits will hurt you. But this fear is the only thing I can see wrong with your outlook. You are a strong, sane person who does not deserve to live their life in fear. So next time one of these visions comes, do not try and reject it. Like all intrusive thoughts, this only gives them power. Instead, accept it. Let them speak with you. Let them try to terrify you. But know if your heart that there is nothing wrong with you, Bill. Nothing at all. Do you understand?"

Bill nodded slowly. After a few more brief words, Bill stood up and left. Still frightened, but standing a little taller.

The nurse came in moments later, asking if the doctor was well. "Perfectly fine, my dear. Bring in the next one."