“Not one move, bitch!” the guy snarled. He couldn’t have been older than 17, his eyes wide and terrified, knife held to the 7-year old boy’s throat who was crying. One wrong move and I’d lose both kids.

I trained my blaster at his head, 20 or so feet away. Luckily, we were in an alley, he had no real way to escape except backwards. “Let the kid go, Jason,” I said. 

Jason’s eyes widened. “How…how do you know who I am?”

 “I’ve been on this case for 24 standard hours, Jason. I know pretty much everything about you.” I took a step closer and he didn’t move back, too focused on the conversation. 

“Then you know why I’m doing this!” he screamed. “That bitch Melanie, she got with that guy–”

“Brok, I know,” I said. Another couple of steps. “So your play was to kidnap her little brother?”

He spat on the ground. “She made me hurt here,” he said pointing to his heart with the hand that was holding the knife. “I’m gonna–”

The boy bit the arm around his neck and Jason screamed, letting the boy go. Time slowed down. The boy began to run towards me, but his legs were too small. Jason swore and began to swing his knife. I knew what was going to happen. He’s swung the knife such that it would cut through the boy’s neck. It wouldn’t cut his head off, but it would kill him, no doubt about that. I was in an area where the nearest Medicorp would take ten minutes to arrive at least. He’d die. 

I shot. 

Jason’s head snapped back as it exploded in a ball of gore, his whole body flying back a few feet till it lay on the ground, twitching. The boy looked at me, blue eyes wide, blond hair splattered with gore and blood. He looked back at the body. Back at me. Back at the body. Back to me. I could see it in his eyes. He was trying to decide which way to run. I sprinted and caught him in my arms before he could as he screamed and kicked at me, and walked out the alley. 

Another successful case. 

***

“Liz!” A voice called as I entered my office. It was a small square filled to the brim with various screens and lockers. I had no idea what colors the walls were. All five cubicles were empty from where I could see, but Mark walking over to me. He froze when he saw me, my tank top and jacket splattered with blood. “What the hell happened?!”

I shook my head and sighed. “Don’t ask, Mark, I just had to kill a kid and make another have nightmares for the rest of his life.”

Mark winced. “So usual fare for you huh?” 

I made a noise somewhere between a sob and a laugh. “You’re awful you know that?” 

“Just trying to cheer you up, Liz, you get too attached to this stuff. Anyways, you got a mystery case, that’s why I was calling you when you came in.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Mystery case?” People sent us cases they didn’t want the police involved with or were too afraid to, or wanted actually competent service, but we required ID for submissions. “No ID?”

“None,” Mark shook his head. “No address either. Could be from the other side of the galaxy for all we know.”

“How the hell did they manage to get it delivered to us then?”

Mark’s face darkened. “I got no idea, but,” his face lightened suddenly, “my shift is over, wife’s birthday. So I’ll leave you to it, yeah?”

“I’ll probably just throw it out,” I said. “Do me a favor, just ask Miles to check our system yeah? I don’t want this shit slipping through.”

Mark gave me a mock salute and I rolled my eyes. I headed towards the desk where sure enough, there was a black file. I picked it up and headed to the bathroom to change out of my bloody clothes, ready to drop it in the incinerator…ah what the hell; I was curious at least.

The file had a note attached to the top left on the inner flap. 

“Detective Elizabeth Strata, it is time you found your origins.” No name. The only notable thing about it was the handwriting. It wasn’t typed, in fact, the letters were deliberately subtly different as if to indicate that this wasn’t some spam. This was a personalized message. I looked to the right to see a picture. 

It was a picture of a girl. She was small, caramel skin, and jet black hair. She was looking right at the camera. It was me. I’d seen my own pictures when I was four or five, the orphanage had yearly photos. And I was held in the arms of a woman who was laughing while talking into a phone.  

My blood froze, and I could hear each pulse of my heart pounding against the inside of my head. The next page had an authenticity report by DigiCorp, verifying that this picture was 100 percent undoctored. They were impossible to bribe as I knew. Never in their 200 year history have they ever been wrong. But they had to be wrong, because the location listed under the picture was an impossibility. The human race hadn’t lived there in millenia, hell, we didn’t even know where it was anymore, but the legends still persisted. Of the legendary City in the cradle of mankind.

New York City. And I had been there. 
