It should've been an easy job, a quick disposal of a hero who had gotten a bit too curious about him. Mnemosyne was a very private person, leading his operations from the shadows and making sure that no one ever remembered him.  His operations were but a few high-profile cases. The henchmen he employed were always temporary, each of them suffering a 30-year memory loss after they were no longer needed. Anyone who got a little too close for comfort suffered the same fate. Even from childhood, his parents made sure to keep his shameful ability a secret. They had wanted him to live out a normal life, to not be judged by his power. The power to take memories, a villain's power. He knew that's how they thought of it. And why would he fight against his nature, against his inborn quality? He still remembered his first time, the elderly kindergarten teacher whom he liked and the subsequent move to another part of the country. There should have been no traces and yet he had been found out.

In the doorway stood a young lad, his eyes brimming with determination. This wasn't even the one he was looking for. Mnemosyne sighed. His combat abilities had never been the  strongest. He preferred to take precautions and take his enemies from behind, five fingers planted firmly on their back to take their memories swiftly and get out of there. The boy was also clearly younger than 30. Taking his memories would leave him for dead. He might be a villain, but Mnemosyne wasn't really one for murder. Deciding to buy himself enough time to think of his options, he decided to try something he usually despised in other supervillains: He started monologuing.
     "One thing I find strange about you. You've said it yourself: I could erase all your memories. I could leave you completely helpless, like a baby. If I erased too much, I could even leave you for dead. So how is it that I see no fear in your eyes, hero?"
     "It's not that i don't fear you. My gramps always said that true courage is when one can overcome their fear. It's when your legs carry you towards danger even when your heart is full of fear."
Mnemosyne chuckled to himself. How thoroughly cheesy this young man was. He saw something moving behind the young man and tensed up. Backup? Had he been played? An old man stumbled into the doorway, mumbling to himself while trying to get into a rumpled old hero-suit which clearly didn't fit him anymore. This man was far from being a threat. Mnemosyne breathed a sigh of relief. The young hero paused and stared in disbelief.
     "Gramps?! What are you doing here? I told you to stay at home!"
     "I can still beat 'em. I am..." Mnemosyne lunged forward and grabbed the old man, barely evading the hero trying to do the same. A hostage! What a stroke of luck!
     "I wouldn't come any closer if I were you! Notice how I am holding your gramps with only four fingers. If I touch him with my fifth, however, let's just say he'll suddenly be verrrry senile. He'll certainly have forgotten all about you." The young man leapt at him anyways, taking him by surprise. Startled, Mnemosyne pushed the old man forward, sending him toppling against his grandson. His grandpa suddenly in his arms, the young hero looked up, laughing bitterly. 

     "What have I got to lose. He already is."
An oversight. A small, but vital oversight. His plan had failed. 

     "Whom are you calling senile, young Shiro?"

     "Gramps?!" The elderly man looked up, his green eyes sharp and lucid. He gently disodged himself from his grandchild and turned around. Had he used all five fingers while pushing the man? Mnemosyne couldn't remember. This was all wrong. His plans never went wrong. He wasn't good at thinking on his feet. 

There was no time. 

In the blink of an eye, the man had pushed himself off the ground, landing on top of the villain. 

No time. 

He tried to reach out his hands again, just to find that he was being held by his wrists with an iron grip. He tried to struggle, but nothing happened. His time as a villain had finally run out.

     "I've been growing weaker for a long time now, young man, but I am still a former number one hero."

     "Graaamps, you're back! You're not senile anymore! I was so scared!" The young hero's voice suddenly sounded shrill and on the verge of tears. He was still just a boy, after all. Mnemosyne found himself wondering whether he really wanted his career to end like this, uncovered by this particular lad. His grandpa, however... yes, maybe this was a worthy game over.

     "Well, everything is alright now, young Shiro" the old man said, his voice now booming reassuringly, 
     "Why? Because I am here!"




     
     
     