"I said no!"

I let the words hang in the air as Jason just stared at me, wide-eyed.

"What do you mean, no?" he said.

I watched the options faded before me, leaving me alone to deal with the consequences of my decision.

"I mean I know what you're asking, what you're really asking. You're wanting to get married, right? Then have a family. Get the good job, the white picket fence, the 9-5 job, and if I said yes we would have that. Together. But I've been living my life as if it were pre-ordained for as long as I can remember. I have had all the things I thought I wanted, but now for some reason I can't help but feel hollow. I can't help but feel like all those things I thought were best for me, weren't actually what's best for me."

Jason fell silent as I continued talking.

"When my father passed away last year, it was the most terrible thing to happen to me ever. I didn't know how to deal with it. My life had always been perfect up until then. And now... I don't know what I want. I know what I THINK I want, it was hovering right in front of me. The answer, like it always hovers there. 'Yes' in those big green inviting letters. But there was no big green Yes option for my dad. He just left. So I don't think I can say yes anymore. Atleast not until I know what I really want for myself."

Jason pondered my words for a short while, thinking about how best to answer. It was obvious he was confused. His brow always furrowed when he was confused.

"Is this a 'not now', or a 'not ever'?" he asked.

I saw a slew of answers fade into my vision, hovering just above Jason's head. One highlighted green, large, hovered infront of all the rest.

'Not now, but soon.'

"Not now, maybe not ever," I said softly as the words faded away. "I need some time to figure myself out. I'm sorry Jason. I love you."

As I got up to leave, a cacophany of answers threw themselves up infront of me. 'Go back,' 'I've changed my mind, I'll marry you,' 'Come home with me I just need some comfort,'. Every thought, every feeling, every inkling of doubt in my mind plastered itself on my vision, showing me what was 'correct' and 'incorrect'. All of them were in various shades of green and red, trying to be noticed, but I ignored them all. 

As I left the bar, I noticed all the options fell away except one. One large, blinking, green answer to all the problems I was suffering started pulsing itself infront of my vision. It hounded at me, telling me exactly what it thought I needed to do. I stared at it, then I looked over to the open road, where cars were screaming down the highway at full speed.
Was this really the correct decision?