In complete bewilderment I groan and shuffle to my feet. "What did you say?"

The cat with an annoyance in his voice now replied "You feel pain, therefore you know this isn't a dream, we haven't got much time". I hate cats I thought to myself. This one was no different. He was slender, but not emaciated and had a very clean looking coat. Slick and black it shined like dark ocean of night. "That cant be true, you can feel pain in a dream" I proclaimed without certainty or fact to back it up.

"Are you at least awake and cognizant?" the cat replied.

I was clearly getting on his nerves, what is cognizant I thought to myself. Do you make up words in a dream? My head was teeming with wandering thoughts and anger at how real this felt. As I sat up I put my shoes on and nodded to the cat. "Yes" I said with a less groggy voice.

"Good! We haven't got much time. We need to hurry." The cat spoke with a more upbeat tone this time as he hopped from the bed up to the windowsill. The window was open and a nice breeze was coming through. "I'll meet you at the car, by the way, you can call me Greg."

I rose to my feet and hastily got dressed. I debated making coffee but felt that time would not allow for it. I grabbed my keys and stepped outside. It was a nice cool summer morning if you could call 4 AM morning. The birds were chirping so I guess I would call it morning. The cat standing on the hood of my car trying to rush me. "Well, you have keys for this don't you?" I pulled out the keys for my car and opened it up. It wasn't the nicest of cars but it treated me well. An 05 Volkswagen Jetta with 210k miles on the odometer but plenty of heart in her still. I started the car and she let out her usual squeal of the belt. Greg looked at me defeated at this point, "Take a left out of your driveway and than a right onto Main St.".

"Why? What is going on? Where do you need to go? Also, you can call me Mark I guess." 

"Just trust me, we need to hurry. A life is at stake here. As for why you, because you were the only one in your neighborhood with a cracked open window that I could get into and wake up." Greg was right. I live in a nice town but I inherited the place and cant afford to pay the central air.

"Almost there, turn into this store." You could tell Greg was getting more and more anxious.

"What is it? Is someone having a heart attack?" I asked.

"What do I look like Mark? Lassy? No, it isn't a heart attack. Just park in front, we don't have time."

I opened my door and Greg ran out and into the convenience store. I rushed behind him, not seeing the emergency. He ran down the middle isle in front of some cat food. "Open it" Greg ordered.

"I hate cats"

Please let me know what you think. I am trying to get more into this but writing isn't my strong suit. Let me know what you like or don't like about it and how to improve. Also sorry if formatting is off or for grammar, i tried to proof read it but i may have missed some things.