And there he was. Huddled into a ball, fetus-like. Not even of human nature, but somehow similar in form. 'A husk', is what I had thought at the time. 'Like a thin bubble or layer, and on the inside...'. Even then I somehow knew this...thing, for lack of a better word, was important. I could not remove my eyes from it. It was a physical impossibility. It consumed my being. I examined it over and over, taking in all the details. When the distance between me and 'it' was too great to allow for further analysis, I moved closer until that was no longer true. Eventually, my face and the remains were millimeters apart. "It's not even paper thin...it's thinner. Almost like it doesn't exist it's so thin. But from a slight distance you can see coloration." It was essentially in the form of a person, but that person was turned into ash and that ash held its form. Some areas, mostly near the curves of the arm and other areas of that nature, were darker than the rest. Though, the area that you would call a face on a person, was flat and featureless. It did emit a sort of brilliance, somehow. Like the air near it was similar to how air looks distorted on a hot road, but softer. Not so guttural; it was more majestic in nature. There were no clothes or anything of that nature on the husk.

 Suddenly, there were loud explosions. The ground itself shook. This was enough to break my transfixion and make me see where the hell I was. It seemed to be a cathedral made immaculately and out of this pure white smooth stone. 'Seems like we're off center' I thought. There were pillars of the whitest stone supporting a sturdy dome of concrete. With silence, brightness burned through the ceiling and there was light. Unbelievable amounts of light. An angel had come, you see. And my goodness was it an angel. It was in the form of man. By that i mean it was bipedal. Thin. Had a distinct head form. But it was not of the human world. Energy given form. Pure, unadulterated, divinistic power could be felt and was crushing. My attempts at glancing were all short lived, being he was too bright. 

"I didn't do this!" I proclaimed. No comment. At the time I was too afraid to say anything else. And so, I waited. And waited. It felt like centuries holding my head down, seeing the light and shadows shift according to his movement.

"My name is Michael." He said in a voice that seemed to touch my core. It wasn't threatening so much as commanding and strong. 

"I..." nothing I could say. No words.

"Follow me," Michael said as he lifted upwards and traveled effortlessly through the walls of the building. There was a door nearby, which I'm sure he wanted me to take...but to my immediate right, there was another door. I didn't know what to do... I was scared. Everything was happening so fast and it was too hard to process. So I...