(I haven't read any of the posts so i could write without subconsciously using other's writing in here, also this is my first post so... here goes nothing)

It was a weird feeling Manioc Lea could not shake.  He looked around seeing forested areas and right behind him it looked as if he was right at the edge of a cliff. Frantically moving back from the cliff, he slammed into an electronic board. The board looked well kept, shiny even, looking up words in english showed that it kept track of the population of the world, somehow. "Something is off here." He remembered that the population of Earth was never this low, counting the number on the screen showed that it was less than half a billion. It seemed as if the numbers were not moving. Manioc looked at it curiously thinking it was broken or something, "This can't be right.. it has to be broken, how can it.." 
"Hey, you okay kid?" A voice cut through the silence.
Startled, Manioc turned sharply and noticed that this person looked exactly like him but somehow different. "What the.." shocked he backed into the board slamming hard yet again. The guy approached Manioc "Woah, what's up with you? You look like you've seen a ghost or something." Then offered his hand. 
Manioc stuttered "uh.. i'm.." as he slowly reached out his hand.
"You look... different." As he retracts his hand.
Manioc heart skipped a beat, racing through what possibilities would and could happen if anyone found out that he wasn't from here.
He pushed off the board and pushed past the guy who seemed genuinely curious but he couldn't take the chance that something undesirable would happen. As he made a dash for the forested area, he noticed that there was no horizon, it looked walled off with trees. "Thats.. odd?" Looking up noticing that the only light source was actually a sun that he could stare at but not feel that burning sensation he felt back in his time. He stopped running after a while and tried to start his time machine again, it was attached to his wrist this whole time but probably got broken off when he slammed into the board. "DAMMIT!" 

"Hey you run pretty fast huh?" That familiar voice rang through the forest.

"What? How did you find me?" Manioc blurted out frantically. 

"This forest.. well it's laden with cameras and i mean, this place is big, but i can still find you. So can you please just conserve your energy" He sighed.

"You lost something anyway rig-" "GIVE THAT BACK TO ME! DON'T TAMPER WITH IT!" Manioc cut him off. 

"Hey! Relax, it's just a broken watch right." 

Broken? "AHHH POOP!!" Manioc Lea imploded with anger metaphorically. 


(i hope this was.. okay? Haha well it's okay. Just rip it to shreds, i wanna see what i can improve on, a lot i'm guessing lol)