I drink too much. Half of everybody knows that, the other half never seem to notice. I don't really get it.

When I was a child, I had a speech impediment as a result of the shape of my mouth. My palette was overly arched, and my upper molars were too close together. I also had an overbite. It took years of speech therapy and orthodontia before I could even muster up the courage to speak to a teacher to answer a question, let alone any of my fellow students. I was the quiet nerd in the corner, and got beat up a lot by bullies on the playground. It seemed a miracle when after the Torquemadean hardware was removed and the therapy was done that I realized I could finally speak with clear voice and meaning to anybody I wanted. A new world opened up.

It was around age 16 that I finally came out of my shell. Somehow, despite my low GPA I was assigned to the debate squad at my high-school. I definitely had not signed up for it. I was told that the course I had signed up for had too few students so they had to stick me somewhere. What a blessing that accident was, I could say whatever I wanted as long as it was designed to win the round, and win we did, my partner and I. Communication became my gift. During rounds it seemed as if I could reach directly into the souls of anybody in the room. Our opponents couldn't wriggle their way out of my questions during cross-examination, and sometimes judges openly wept as I spun story after story about how following the opposition plan would result in multiple Columbine Massacres, nuclear Winters, and the loss of arts and music worldwide. There was no doubt about it, I had the Gift of Gab. From local tournaments near my hometown in the inland northwest, to regional competitions, to nationals three years in a row, we just won. Luckily the forensics work made it so I didn't have to do any international language classes. It didn't seem likely I would ever leave the tree farm, let alone the country. Besides, dad was never pleased with the idea that the state decided all high-school students had to learn "foreignian" anyhow. It saved a lot of hassle.

Of course in my senior year Patrick had to dare me.

"Do it drunk."

"What?"

"Do it drunk, see if you can lose."

I couldn't, but I did learn I loved drinking.

I won loads of scholarships and was able to go to the college of my choice, one which was outside my wildest dreams in my previous withdrawn and introverted life. It was a noted party school.

So I went, and I studied, and I partied, and I visited to a lot of bars, and I talked a lot of bullshit with my fellow students and told a lot of jokes. These were raucous times. Somehow never got in a fight, never got tossed for being too toasted, and never got in trouble with the small-town police as I staggered home. And the girls. Oh the girls. And some of the boys too. It always felt like we were so connected, and then we were, save the latex barrier. Life was great!

The problem with collegiate debate is that one spends a lot of time on the road, and one eats too much fast food as a result. One snowy Thursday night/Friday morning on the way to Eugene, the bus pulled into the lot of a small town McDonald's under a flickering red-neon sign which occasionally read "24 hours". We trudged across the lot, looking like derelicts in our travel sweats and jammies and our tousled hair from long hours on the road. It likely didn't help that I was three quarters of a fifth of cheap vodka in by then.

The bright fluorescent lights were blinding, and the beeping of the fryer exclaiming the burgers were overdone were doing my head in, I almost bagged it and went back to the motor-coach. Alas, it couldn't not happen. I had to finally notice her as I was turning to leave. Cliche after hackneyed cliche ran through my being as I looked for ways to describe how she looked, how I felt about how she looked, and the way she looked at me. All I could do was wait my turn to order so I could at least say "Hi!" to Sάrə, as her name-tag weirdly read.

"May I have a six piece nugget mea..."  She lunged over the counter, I'm not sure where the knife came from, or why it glowed like that. I am sure I heard her say "Nobody's spoken that language in thousands of years...or, rather, will!"

And then I woke up here, in this room, with you asking me how I came to be here.

I want three things. A drink, my insulin, and to talk to my mom, she must be worried.  