The Superpowers Index (SI) measures the most powerful entities on the planet and ranks them by number. The exact rankings are allegedly kept secret to protect superhumans from exploitation, but everyone knows about them. There were even a small group of superhumans (primarily heroes, but with a few minor villains among them) who have openly revealed their rankings and lobby vigorously for complete transparency, to no avail.

Among all of the debates, all of the discussions, the myriad dissertations and presentations given about why certain hero/villain should be this number, one question has always been paramount.

Who is #1?

Generally, it is believed that #1 is one of the great heroes: perhaps the compassionate Solidarity, or the noble Captain Europe. Or, equally, that the legendary rank #1 belongs to one of the most despicable of villains: the greedy Profiteer or the vicious Cataclysm. 

The last survey to ask the question in 'SuperKids' (the best-selling magazine for British and Irish superhumans aged 7-12) reported a split between Captain Europe at 38% and the Profiteer at 36% with Solidarity coming a distant third at 19%.

From the well-meaning editors at SuperKids, to the numerous undergraduates who wrote dissertations about the subject right up to the leaders of the world themselves, every person even tangentially interested in the subject has an opinion on who #1 is.

And all of them are wrong.

In fact, #1 isn't a hero or a villain at all. #1 came into her powers early, when the world was still trying to decide if superhumans counted as people and where unscrupulous parties were still experimenting on any superhuman they could find. And that was in the 'developed' world. While heroes like Solidarity, Captain Europe and the Cowboy would go on to change the world for the better; at that point, if anyone knew what #1 was capable of, she would never be allowed to live a normal life.

So she hid and blended in with the people around her. She couldn't stop using her powers entirely, but she used them in tiny ways: the foodbank she donated to frequently found their supplies doubled or exchanged for more healthy or filling food; every single person in the line for the last concert she went to all remembered that they'd accidentally left their fridges open at the same time (they actually hadn't, as she hated to waste food); the last customer that was rude to her just so happened to develop an itch under his fingernails that persisted for two days...things like that.

She did help out occasionally though. That one time the Nightmares invaded, she kept the people in the safezones awake so that the world didn't end overnight. The time the Profiteer tried to force a war between America and the rest of the world in order to make a metaphorical and literal killing selling weapons to both sides, she'd been the reason that he just happened to reveal his full diabolical plan in front of journalists from a dozen different countries.

She hadn't wanted to get involved, but she'd had no choice. After all, if the Nightmares had won or the Profiteer had been successful in driving the world to war, she wouldn't be able to keep hidden for long and then everyone would ask her to solve all of their problems. She'd never have any peace, any opportunity to live a normal life. 

All she wanted was to be left alone.