Natalia was reviewing orbital charts when Reo slammed into her door. It damn near scared her out of her chair.

"You'll break something important doing that! Not just your face!" She flew out of her chair to help him up, pieces of a lecture forming in her mind before he waved her off and jumped up with the largest grin she'd ever seen.

"Centauri made planetfall!"

Any other plans were thrown out the window as she dashed after him towards the command center, giggling like schoolchildren. She felt no embarrassment, all throughout their base others were doing the same. They had been waiting for this for far longer than the actual mission. Longer than she'd been part of the International Interstellar Mission (Inter-Stellar as it was immediately dubbed).

They'd been waiting for this since boots first touched down on Pluto. 

"Wilkins is coming down the ladder now. We have set foot on Proxima Centauri b," Director Akintola announced to the applause of all present. They joined the cheer as they piled through the door, staring at the text scroll someone had helpfully put up on the far wall. Camera readouts of gray rock and a sky just slightly unfamiliar. Two suns hovering in the void.

And three figures in blue space-suits shuffling carefully down from the lander onto a planet beyond the pull of Sol.

All only moments ago. QE-comms were beautiful things.

"I can't believe they didn't get us for the descent," Reo was saying, leaning on a railing far in the back. The only spaces they could find amid the press of people wanting to see what Niraya, one of the two short-straws sitting in the orbiter high above, would type next. More latecomers were arriving.

"They needed the place calm. Everyone's still days out of cryo over there." She chewed her lip as she watched what would soon become the most famous people on the planet walk like frightened toddlers. Someone else would come up with suitable language, she just wished she was /there/.

The room fell to a sudden silence as more text began appearing, everyone hanging on the director's words.

"Wilkins just jumped into low orbit, please advise."

The silence slowly changed. The elation shifting to confusion, then shock as the video caught up. Wilkins, caught up in the moment, dashing forward and suddenly flying out of frame.

The director spoke for all of them in that moment.

"What."

---

Mathues had been prepared for anything.

Not literally, of course. Everything Inter-Stellar could think of. The dangers of space, of cryosickness, of the thousands of invisible deaths that wandered through the void regularly. Mechanical failures, human failures, poor luck. They'd crammed as much preparation as was feasible  into their training. And still they stressed the thousands of ways their predictions could fail them. He thought he had a grasp of things. That he could handle the unknown.

Then one of his two companions was fired out of an invisible catapult.

"Leonard's flying," he said, dimly aware of his own words as he looked at Saanvi. He could not see her face behind the face plate, but he knew her jaw was agape. Her eyes bugged. His were and he refused to think he was handling this better than him.

"Yes," she said. Slow and drawing the s outward, head tilting to follow Leonard's path. "We should do something."

It took another moment before he figured out what that might entail. Then he took off in a run.

Or tried to. He barely made two steps before everything turned into a spin. It was so sudden he forgot how he did it, but something had him skipping across the ground like a stone over water. Briefly, he worried about his suit breaking, but the part of him detached from it all remembered how the funding for their trip had briefly turned into a measuring contest between Earth and Mars. Things were designed like tanks. Leonard's would probably survive the fall, even if the impact might still kill him. 

The rest of his mind was screaming.

Something large and solid stopped his skid and sent a ringing in his helmet. The faceplate was intact, the internals were not screaming at him about breaches. It was angry that he'd crashed it into a large boulder (so much as a simple HUD could feel rage), but he was otherwise fine.

"Mat!" shouted Saanvi. He looked over his shoulder, amazingly not dislocated, to see her stepping towards him like she was on ice. Arms straight out like a child unsure if she would fall. "I think something's wrong!"

"Yes. I think so too." He pushed off the rock to stand. Screamed when the rock gave in before he did.

When he'd been a child, there had been a bolder behind his parents house. Good for climbing, sitting on, drawing. A godsend for the children, but hell for his parents. Three strong men together couldn't do much more than make it rock in its place. And few wanted to help with such a thankless task. They'd resorted to breaking it down with pickaxes and carrying off the chunks rather than paying an 'extravagant' price for professionals. It may have just been the bias of memory, but this stone looked about the same size.

And there it went. Rolling across the flat plains of Centauri b. After a light shove.

Matheus stared down at his hands, very aware Saanvi was doing the same. 

"This planet...it was smaller than Earth, right?" he asked. Saanvi shook her head.

"No. A bit bigger actually."

Leonard's screams over their comms, a constant since his...departure, abruptly turned into a curse. Then a rattle as a light plume of dust appeared on the horizon.

There was a long moment of quiet.

"I think I'm going to go tell Niraya to call Aquarius and tell them there's a problem," Saanvi said.

"Yeah," he swallowed, suddenly finding his throat dry. "I think we'd better."

----

https://www.reddit.com/r/FiresofFordregha/