Rumour has it the whole idea for the Assassination Games started off as a drunk bet by Crichton and Brown in a bar. The story has is that after they had stumbled upon definitive proof of the multiverse theory while trying to create artificial wormholes, the pair had went out and got absolutely hammered to celebrate. At some point over the course of the night, Crichton started boasting about it, trying to impress one of the young undergrads at the bar by telling her how time travel was now basically possible, and he had just solved how to do it. She challenged him to prove it by doing something like going back and killing Hitler. Long story short, they ended up going back, and the undergrad decided she would make vines of the whole thing. The footage went viral, and (after an *extremly* stern talking to by MIT's ethics committee) Crichton and Brown won a Nobel Prize. Yes, the greatest discovery of the century -and the solar system's most popular televised event- came about because a scientist was trying to score. I couldn't make this up if I tried.

See, some universes in the multiverse are basically identical, except instead of being in 2156, they might be in 1956 or 300BC, or before humans even evolved. And since there are an infinite amount of them, some bright shot got the idea of making a tournament out of going back in time to kill various historical figures. The winner would get a ludicrously large cash sum. While the first few contests were messy, primitive affairs, often ending with most of the contestants killing each other off, soon it evolved into something closer to it's modern format. Each contestant got their own timestream, and points were awarded on difficulty, creativity, and "non-target impact". That last term got written into the rules after some wiseass decided that he would try to take out Putin by setting off a  nuke in the middle of Moscow. That timeline started a nuclear war after he pulled that, and the organisers decided that although yes he had killed Putin, he had also wiped out 99% of the rest of the population too. After all, if they had let him get away with that, it would only have been a matter of time before another smartass decided to 'win' by causing the Sun to supernova. No, the less people your actions kill outside of the target, the better.

I had entered this year's tournament, and got lucky in my bracket. First round was Lincoln, and I had won the public vote by a landslide after replacing Booth's with a joke replica that fired a flag that said "bang!" on it. While everyone in the audience was having a laugh at the 'joke' attempt to kill the president, I blew up the entire playhouse. The people back home love mayhem and carnage, so even though the judges took points off for collateral damage, the fake pistol gag combined with the sheer level of destruction I caused got me the viewer's choice. 

Round two had been Napoleon. Now most previous competitors chose to either knock him off while exiled in Elba, or use the confusion of a major battle to reach him. I decided on a bit of irony. Now, you may have heard of the Battle of Austerlitz. At one point during it, the French artillery had the bright idea to bombard the ice the Russian army was crossing, breaking it and causing them to drown along with equipment. Well, I jumped there, to before the battle. While Napoleon was surveying the battlefield, I hid in a nearby treeline and used a low power laser to heat the ice below him. The faces on his advisors when the ice he was standing on suddenly gave way and sent him into the water was priceless. 

The semi-finals had been set in the early 21st century this year. Each contestant got three targets to kill in a single timeframe. To make it easier for competitors, all three targets would be at one place at least once in the timeframe, but assassinating them seperately would get bonus points for difficulty. This year the lineup was David Cameron, Vladimir Putin, and Xi Jinping. I won't go into all the setup I had to go through to get it lined up perfectly, but on the same day -within a few minutes of each other- I managed to get themall. Putin was fatally mauled by a bear while on a hunting trip (I had thought that had some more irony, seeing as the old history textbooks refer to Russia as a bear). Xi had appeared in public to condemn student protests against him, when a 'mysteriously loosened' bolt caused an electronic screen with his own face to fall onto the stage, crushing him (and unfortunately his security retinue). Cameron I dealt with personally; he was touring the country and staying at a hotel I had 'conviently' been hired at the week before. Let's just say the media had a field day when they found out he was dead from what appeared to be auto-erotic asphyxiation, alone in a room with nothing but a pig's head. For that I had taken inspiration from a supposed scandal that the British media had heard about him in our timeline, and made sure the tabloids would have a much more 'interesting' story this time around.

I managed to get through to the final, and myself and the other finallist were given this ear's rules for Hitlerbowl XXXVI. Only weaponry or tech that would exist by the 1940's, except our travel beacons (and of course, nuclear weapons). Collateral damage would be severely penalised, and as the added difficulty bonus, being able to have a conversation with goold ol' Adolf before you knock him off. I had been trying for some historical irony in most of my previous matches, and the audience had been loving it; I figured I would stick to the theme since I seemed good at it. I had been preparing for this in between previous matches, and could at this point speak German almost as good as a native. So, I set my destination to Berghof, to coincide with one of Hitler's vacactions out of Berlin. Bluffing my way in as a domestic, I procured a uniform belonging to an SS officer. Then, with a bit of skill -and more luck than I'd care to admit-  I managed to knock out Hitler, kidnap him and smuggle him into the trunk of a staff car. From there, I drove for some hours until I was nearly at the city of Linz. Using my disguise as an SS officer, I stopped at a farmhouse, and demanded a set of civilian clothes and use of the barn from the terrified family. I kocked Hitler out again and dragged him into the barn, redressed him in civilian clothing, and used a straight razer to shave off his moustache and alter his hairstyle. After that, I fetched some ropes to tie him to a post, then waited until he woke. When he awoke, he seemed confused until he spotted me. He began yelling and cursing, demanding that as his Furhrer I release him. I let him rant for a while, then approached him and shoved a sock in his mouth. Leaning in close, I told him that I was going to kill him. The angry ranting started from behind the sock, but I covered his mouth with my palm and asked him if he knew of the SS 'base' about ten miles out of Linz, and what exactly it was they did there at Mauthausen. His face told me all I needed to know. I went on to tell him that I was going to deliver him to the camp, and explain to the 'fine gentlemen' there that I had caught a fugitive Jew hiding in the region and was bringing him to be interred, and how he was gonig to suffer the same fat as the millions he had condemmed to die in those camps across Europe. At that, the yelling and the struggling began again, so I knocked him out and bundled him into the car again, trussing him up so he couldn't escape once he woke up.

I arrived at the camp about an hour later, and continued through with my cover story about a fugitive Jew found in the nearby region while I was enjoying a vacation from the drudgery of Berlin. Hauling Hitler up, I undid his bonds and ungagged him. I explained how the man was touched in the head, trying to escape with the pathetically laughably excuse that he was actually the Fuhrer. When he started up, threatening to have us all executed for insubordiantion, the guard approached and smashed a rifle into his gut. I saw fear take over his eyes, and he struggled to his feet and began to try to run. The sentries ordered him to stop, but he didn't listen. So... they shot him.


This was where my plan went pear shaped. Originally, I had planned to have him end up being one of the many prisoners who ended up in the chambers (the ultimate ironic death in my eyes), but instead there was Hitler, bleeding to death on a road in the middle of Austria. Sighing, I got in my car and began to drive off, running over the corpse; half of the reason why was out of frustration, the other hoping I would make back some creativity points for it. In the end it didn't matter, however. My opponent failed in his attempt, which was some ridiculously convoluted plan involving an exploding pen and a book-signing. So I got back, and I did the whole winner's tour, even got my $5 million prize. 

Applications for Hitlerbowel XXXXII are coming up soon though, and it might be nice to be the first person to win it twice. Man, wouldn't that be one for the history books. 