I guess this it, isn't it...what did you say your name was again?  Ah right, never mind, I can't know, it would reveal your secret identity.  


It all started one day at a therapy session.  I had been feeling down recently and needed to talk to someone.  I figured it was just an odd day for everyone, those seem to happen every once in awhile, the world is just down.   


I spoke with her for about 45 minutes or so.  I could tell she was getting more...agitated.  She was writing down much more than usual, and then odd things started to happen.  If I shed a tear, she would shed waterfall.  If i spoke of my anxiety, how I was scared of something that wasn't going to happen, she would suddenly be convinced she was going to die.  I finally moved on to my thoughts of suicide.  


She pulled out a gun, right there.  Before I could react, she was gone.  In shock, I meandered over past her lifeless corpse, catching her notepad in the corner of my eye.  It was just scribbles, horrible faces, even a tornado or two you did, or at least \*I\* did as a kid in school.

&#x200B;

Of course it had to be me, I had to be the one affecting everyone around me, like some sort of aura straight from hell, or a black hole of happiness.  I started to stay at home all day, to not risk anything. 

&#x200B;

But I grew. My powers grew.  My loneliness...escalated.

&#x200B;

My dog stopped eating and drinking, she was as depressed as I.  I've never seen a dog willingly jump into traffic before, but nothing makes any sense anymore.  More and more deaths, suicides, murders have been happening around me.  My elderly neighbor was found swinging from the chandelier.  The young couple across the street had burned their house, and themselves down to the ground over a petty argument.  I started to trace and track all the terror around me, and noticed my...circle of influence grew, and grew.  Within a few short days it seemed to have grown a few miles, as did the carnage.

&#x200B;

It's been a year now, I've come to understand my powers, my curse, everything within a 10 mile radius will feel my emotions...just at a drastically increased intensity.  I won't fight...I just want things to end.    


You seem to be the only one who is immune to my pain, to my hell.  Probably due to the loss of your parents, you've felt what I felt for my entire life.    


Please.  


Please break your promise.  


End my suffering...