Walking home from school is my favorite part of the day, walking through the calm gregarious forest, it's far from a short-cut but I love it. All day I'm tormented by those stupid kids, mom always said that when I got better at speaking they wouldn't tease me anymore, but I speak so well now you almost can't tell it wasn't always like that.

I shrug off my backpack as I reach my favorite spot, a small meadow-y clearing littered with daisies and dandelions and a young maple tree right in the middle. I dig out my shovel and uncover the tin box I have buried down there, opening it I find my paint set, I leave it here so the kids at school don't steal it from me and break all my brushes like they did last time, I take out a little scrap of paper and begin painting a oak tree and the surrounding scenery. 

As I'm finishing my painting I notice movement out of the corner of my eye, a red squirrel is sitting there staring at me curiously, with its head tilted a little bit like puppies do. 

How cute, I think, maybe I'll add him to the painting, I begin adding his small form onto a branch, I occasionally look up to study his colours better, and each time it seems he's gotten closer, what curious little guy!

I soon get immersed in detailing my little friend, I don't notice the figures approaching from the trees. I feel a light scratch on my forearm and look to see my little friend frantically scratching at me.

He seems scared despite him being the one attacking me, I see a flash of black in the corner of my eye and look to see Kristen, one of the mean girls from school and a few of her friends surrounding, all grinning evilly at me and holding large rocks in their hands. I scramble to my feet and stand before them frozen, they raise their rocks higher and I block my face instinctively, when nothing hits me I look up to see they are gone.

I scrunch my eyebrows in confusion, did I imagine it? I see no sign of anyone, I assume I must have fallen asleep for a second and woke up in a panic, there seems no other logical reason for those past strange occurrences.

I sit back down and begin to put away my art supplies when I feel a tap on my knee, I look to see the red squirrel and several other squirrels behind him.

My mouth falls open as I recognize what he's doing with his hands.

"Are you hurt?" He signs to me. I sit shocked for a moment.

"You know ASL?" Is all I can think to respond with, what I should have said was 'You're a sentient squirrel who managed to learn a human form of communication?? And you use it to talk to me?"

"Yes I learned how by watching you," He signs back.

"You were watching me? For how long?"

"A very long time, you likely don't remember it, but the night your father died, he saved my life, swerved his car to avoid me, in that kindness I promised myself I would watch over your mother and you because he no longer could."

My mind starts racing at this, if it wasn't already frantic from communicating with a squirrel.

My father and I were driving home from a day at the lake, my mother couldn't come because she couldn't get out of work (and I've never been so thankful for shitty bosses) so it was just us two, at eight years old and an only child getting alone time with a parent was one of my favorite things, I don't remember much after that, I woke up in a hospital with my mother crying beside my bed, my dad had lost control of the car and crashed, killing him and leaving me with a broken pelvis but relatively unharmed.

"But, that was thirteen years ago," I replied, "Why do you still protect us? We are humans, all of us are stupid, you saw those girls!"

"Yes some of you are selfish and destructive, but I see good in you, despite the torment you put up with at school and the emotionless mother at home you still find joy and good in the world, you come here every afternoon and leave little paintings tacked to the trees for us and are always kind to the world."

A tear escapes me at his emotional speech.

"How can I ever thank you enough," I finally answer.

"Just continue to be who you are and don't let the world get to you, we are here to listen to you, we appreciate you and we want you here."

The crowd of creatures behind him seem to nod in response to that.

I move to reply but he just pats my leg with his paw and bounds away and with him the rest of the animals disperse as well, I wipe the tears from my eyes and stand shakily, I rebury my paints and set off for home at a quick speed.

I start painting as soon as I make it to my room where my full set of materials awaits me, I draw the scenes so I won't forget them, the red squirrel and his army, the red squirrel alone looking up at me, the other animals that came to join us, the tree, the meadow, even Kristen and her friends, I paint and paint until my hand aches so much I can't anymore.

I sit on my bed and look at my work, paintings all leaning against furniture and walls, I look out my window and the squirrel is there.

"Thank you," I sign to him.

"Be strong child," He replies before scampering off.
