The best game of E&E I ever played?  Yeah, I've got a story for you.

In any game of Evolutions and Extinctions, there's winners and losers.  Everybody knows that - hell, even after Bill's entire clade of Dinosauria got wiped out by a meteor and he stormed off, Andy (who was GM) went and talked to him in the other room and he calmed down.  He even stuck around to watch the rest of the game in good humor.

But Steve - he was really bending the rules like crazy.  As soon as he could, he focused down to a species instead of a whole order, so he didn't have to spread his points out as much.  It was a big gamble, but it paid off - his H. Sapiens was able to out-evolve every other species and dominate the planet.  Most other players were stuck with just one or two hundred of their species in the wild, with Steve taking over all their habitats faster than they could breed.  His tech tree was maxed out, dumping chemicals into the air and sea, destroying entire other phyla with impunity.

We were there in the end game, with Steve controlling most of the map and a few players just playing with their dice.  That's when it happened - the GM (who had been keeping copious notes behind his screen) looked up and said, "OK, Steve - on this next round you need to roll against a new opponent."

Steve scoffed.  "First off, I think I'm pretty unbeatable at this point.  Plus, I don't see any new opponent joining.  Why would they? Who can possibly oppose me?"

"I need you to roll versus your own tech tree."  

"What the hell?  My tech tree is beyond max!  I'd have to roll nothing but twenties just to survive!"

"I hear you.  But you did this to yourself.  You have to live on this map too."

Still grumbling, Steve rolled his lucky d20.  it clattered across the map and teetered, landing on 1.

"Well, that's it - sea levels rise, infrastructure collapses, you're out of the running, Steve."

I hadn't noticed him get out of his chair, but Bill was standing behind the GM, grinning.

"Game over, man.  I beat you.  You couldn't help pumping my fossil fuels out of the ground and burning them up.  And in the end, it was me who took your rules-lawyering ass down!"

And that's the tale of how i watched a dude knocked out of E&E sit for a few hundred million rounds and come out on top.