**We are at odds**

Next one. Henderson received the coordinates and punched them into the navigational computer of his teleportation chamber. To most humans, these devices were the greatest invention ever, allowing them to travel to any other teleportation chamber on the network in an instant. Some did not like the nauseating feeling, which came from its use. Or the taste of blood in their mouths, once they arrived. Henderson didn’t like them, because he was one of the few, who really knew about them. And it did not sit right with him. But a job is a job.

Henderson pressed start and the machine sprung to life. Its coils started to whine, turning from a low vibrating hum to a high pitched, piercing sound.  He didn’t like that part. He didn’t like it at all. He grit his teeth and closed his eyes and made his hands into fists, wanting it to be over already. A timer appeared on the display in unison with the sound of a warning klaxon. Three. Henderson almost winced at it. Two. He filled his lungs with air one last time and held his breath. One. He screamed.

All noises stopped and the chamber door swung open.

“Thank you for traveling with *trans*PORT. We hope to welcome you again.”, the automated voice of a woman fluted from the ceiling.

Henderson stopped screaming. He took a breath of fresh air, the taste of blood on his tongue. His hands still in fists, he exited the chamber, that was identical to the one he had entered about 2000 miles away. Don’t think about it, Henderson told himself. Best be done with it and onto the next one, before I get time to think about it. 

He walked towards the malfunctioning unit and put his bag to rest in front of it. He opened it and retrieved his tool. The cleaner, they called it. Makes you think, you’d be cleaning something up. Usually, it only made a mess. Henderson entered the service code into the display at the door to override the lock, and the door swung open, just like the door to his chamber had less than a minute ago. An unsuspecting and slightly confused man in his mid forties looked at him.

“Oh hey. You guys are quick. I think this teleportation chamber is broken.” The man pointed out. Henderson sighed. He didn’t like it, when they started talking. He looked at the man. At his black suit, at his purple tie, at the thinning hair on top of his head. Can’t have two of you walking around at the same time, Henderson thought and trained the cleaner on the man’s head.

“Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?”, the man asked in a panic and raised his hands. Doing my job, Henderson thought.

“By law I am required to inform you, that you have been cloned and must be terminated in accordance with the teleportation transportation act subclause three seventeen b.”, Henderson rattled off the sentence, that each one of them had to hear.

“Cloned? Terminated? Hold on, I-”

Henderson pulled the trigger and the cleaner shot its pulse out, splattering the man’s head onto the chamber wall in an instant, without doing any damage to the machinery. Henderson didn’t like to wait more than the two seconds, that were required by law to make sure, that the clone had understood, what he had been told. Allowing them to talk led to arguments. And arguments made Henderson sad, because there was only one way this would end. The man’s body fell to the ground with a thump. Henderson put the cleaner back into his bag and pulled out his cleaning tools. Don’t think about it. Just clean the mess up. Just make him disappear. Just make the chamber look like it never had brains on its walls. Then onto the next one. Don’t think. Scrub.

When he was done cleaning up, he logged the incident. The rest was a job for the techs. Not his problem. Henderson had already taken the next job on. Next one. He walked back into the chamber he had arrived in and entered the new coordinates into the system. Don’t think about it. Three. He clenched his fists. Two. He took a deep breath. One. He screamed.

Henderson stopped screaming. All the air had gone out of his lungs. He gasped for air and opened his eyes. No welcome message. He looked around. The doors were still closed. He was still in the chamber. The teleportation had not worked properly. No. Not like this, Henderson thought. Now he had time to think. About a minute, until someone arrived to clean him up.

Day in, day out, everyone entered these chambers. Only a few as many times, as Henderson did. And they all died in these chambers. Every day. Because teleportation was a lie. The big lie. What came out of the other chamber at the destination was always a clone. Same looks, same memories as the original. But only a copy. And nobody knew. Only a select few. The heads of the corporations, who dried their tears with copious amounts of money. The researchers, whose morality had been reduced to a variable in a much larger equation. And the cleaners, who were quite frankly the scum of the earth. Why do I kill people for a living, Henderson asked himself. No. Why do I kill myself everyday by stepping into these chambers? Is this the only way I can cope? He looked around at the chamber, he was locked in. Has this happened before? Have I been waiting in one of these horrible chambers before to be cleaned up?

Henderson heard, how somebody entered a code on the other side of the door. The door swung open and Henderson stood opposed to one of his trade, who had already raised his cleaner to Henderson’s head. But Henderson was faster to pull the trigger of his cleaner. He couldn’t bring himself to kill the other one. He couldn’t take the only life away, that they got. But he took a good chunk of flesh out of the other man, who now laid screaming and kicking on the floor, cursing Henderson, while blood spurted from his side. Had he done this before?

Henderson kicked the cleaner away from the other man’s hands and picked it up. The truth had to come out. There were two of him now. Two against the rest of the world.