"Agent Hill?"

Maria Hill looked up from her tablet, shielding her eyes from the glare of the sun. Of course this guy's head had to be right in front of it. He noticed her discomfort and sat down across from her at the cafe table.

"My apologies, I should've been more considerate"

"No, no, it's alright. Although 'former director' is more appropriate and up to date. Pleased to meet you, Mr...?"

"Schmidt! Geoff Schmidt, pleased to meet you too. And it's doctor, actually," he said, gesturing to his lab coat.

"I see. Well, we both know why we're here. Your organization is much more capable of keeping the Infinity Stone safe. I assume you have a team on standby?"

Dr. Schmidt nodded and looked around nervously.

"Yes, we do. Um, do you mind moving to a place more private? Our facility, perhaps?"

Hill squinted at him and pursed her lips, looking at him up and down. He was overly nervous, his body language was enough to tell her that. But about what, she wasn't sure. Her piercing blue eyes flit around the square, scanning all corners, toning out the drone of mundane life. The S.H.I.E.L.D. sniper was still on the rooftop where Hill posted her, giving her the "all clear". She relaxed her shoulders and put on her best smile.

"Of course! Whatever is most convenient."

Schmidt returned the smile and gestured with his arm to the Mercedes Strider van parked at the end of the street.

Shit. That was there the entire time. C'mon, Maria. You gotta up your game.

She clutched the glowing green briefcase with an iron grip; she could almost feel the handle breaking from the pressure. Reluctantly, she climbed the step into the vehicle and was met with cold steel pressed into her neck. A pinprick was all she felt before she passed out.

When she came to, she was in a room not unlike the one on Helicarrier, designed for Banner's temper tantrums. A towering figure stood just outside of the direct light, his face silhouetted from view. His voice boomed, a deep baritone with a raspy undertone.

"Mrs. Hill. Hello. I am O5-6. You may refer to me as Six. I'm here to outline a few conditions pertaining to the containment of SCP-5482. Tell me, what are the implications of this object?"

She paced the room, looking at the linings of the glass, doors, and anything else that could provide an exit. Nothing. It was airtight. The only way in or out was the main door, and that was undoubtedly reinforced vibranium or some other compound of that sort. Realizing the futility of doing anything in that chamber, Hill sat down in the center of the room and faced Six.

"Well, that right there, is the Eye of Agamotto. Inside it is an Infinity Stone. It's-"

"We're aware of the Infinity Stones, Mrs. Hill. We studied your Tesseract thoroughly before Herr Johann Schmidt took it from our possession."

She raised her eyebrow.

"No, there is no relation to Dr. Geoff Schmidt."

Nodding with satisfaction, Hill continued.

"This one is capable of manipulating time. The Eye controls it, and only the Sorcerer Supreme can activate it."

"The Sorcerer Supreme?" inquired Six. "You mean your colleague, Stephen Strange?"

"The one and the same. He already used this power against Dormammu, the thing in charge of the Dark Dimension. It's interesting, to say the least. But yes. This is the last Infinity Stone. If Thanos gets his hands on it... Let's just say that the results won't be pretty."

"I see," Six boomed. He turned off to the side effortlessly, and mumbled to a researcher. "Euclid class. No, better make it Keter. Place it in a temporal containment unit, with Stane Actuators in place and running 24/7. Have SOs and TROs on standby at all times. Give them the most powerful weapons we have. We cannot let it fall into the wrong hands."

The scientist nodded, and strutted off to prepare the containment chamber. Maria stood up and walked up to the glass, directly in front of Six.

"So that's it then? That's all that's gonna happen?" she asked.

"For now. Until we can fully assess the scale of this situation, we must take all the necessary precautions. As for you and your other associates, including Coulson, Fury, Stark, Rogers, and the rest of the Avengers, we will be keeping in touch."

He raised a pale hand and snapped his fingers, and gas started flowing into the chamber.

"Thank you for your time, Mrs. Hill. Remember. Secure. Contain. Protect," were the last words she heard before passing out.

When she came to, she was in her apartment, lying on her bed. She grabbed her gun from behind her headboard and did a quick sweep of the rooms in the house. Nothing was out of place, the door was locked on a deadbolt, all the windows shut. She lowered her gun and walked back to the bed, falling back onto it.

"Jesus, guys, what did we get ourselves into?"