His head nodded forward, chin touching chest. His mind went foggy, and his fingers loosened their grip on the wheel. Jolting upright with a start, he opened his eyes. “Dammit! I really need to –“ he lost his words. 

How… did he get here? His eyes swept over the field of heather surrounding him: soft, gray feathers swaying in the breeze. A bleak, clouded sky stretched overhead. Behind him, the edge of a cliff. Past it he saw nothing but water. Looking down, he realized he was naked, seated on an old throne of sorts. As panic bloomed in his chest, he looked up and noticed the immense black stone arch in the distance. From under it came a cloaked figure, approaching slowly with a cane. Normally, a hobbling old person wouldn’t have scared him, but considering the present circumstances, it was warranted. “Shit, shit, shit!” he muttered to himself, assessing his options.

He decided to make a bolt to the water. But he couldn’t move. His muscles strained against… nothing. Try as he might, he could do nothing but look on helplessly. As the stranger neared him, he could see the cane was oddly shaped. With dawning horror, he realized it wasn’t a cane at all, but a scythe. His eyes widened, and he shook his head slowly at first, then faster. “No. No, no, no, no, not you. I’m supposed to be in my car! On the way home to my children! Why are you here? Why am I here?” 

Death regarded him with a blank, tired stare from eyes sunken deep in his head. His tightly-pursed lips framed by a long, wispy beard of white, parted as he spoke. 

“You were supposed to be in that car. You fell asleep at the wheel, and got obliterated by a truck as you crossed the median. And now, here you are. I’m here to guide you through that arch over there, onto the next stage of your journey.” 

He eyed Death’s scythe carefully. “And if I refuse?” Death sighed and leaned heavily on the scythe as his eyes flicked down to it. 

“That’s what this is for.” The man looked closer at the blade. It was stained green, like an algae-ridden rock. Not as impressive as he would have expected. “I know it looks old, but its bite is still sharp,” Death reassured him. 

At this, the man looked up at him. He was withering. Ancient. There was still a fire deep within the clouded eyes, but it was growing dim. Over his shoulder, the once proud arch of obsidian now crumbled, choked by ivy. 

“What happened here?” the man asked Death. 

Sighing wearily, he explained, “This realm, where the newly dead come to pass through the Arch, is my domain. It’s bound to me. And I, in turn, am bound to you. Really I’m more of a servant; it’s just that sometimes, those I serve don’t really desire any service. You see, the human race is nearing its end. As am I. A few millennia ago, this Arch loomed proudly, this scythe gleamed brightly, and I stood tall and strong.” 

Sighing again, he continued “But those days are gone. Soon I can rest. You, too.” He reached out a withered hand. 
“Are you ready to go?”
