It was a cold night and Tom was starting to regret not making a detour to get his coat. On one hand, he did not want to lose all his work progressively stealing sheets for the past week, but on the other hand, he was freezing his a&€ off..

But he could not go back, not to that butherface, « huhuh, not gonna happen »
he said to himself. So he decided to go on.

As he was going down, slowly so he would not break the sheets and die a quite gruesome death by the look of the spikes at the bottom of the castle.

He said to himself « Don’t look down »,  « Don’t look down », and in an instant of curiosity, to see how far he was still from the ground, he looked down and saw, that he only went down 10 feet and still had about 100 more to go, and the fact his fear of height was starting to build up didn’t help.

« I wanna go home », he whispered, « I don’t want to marry that bitch » he said and as he started sobbing, he suddenly religious, « please help me god if you can hear me »

« Stop whining you coward », Tom heard and he thought for an instant that that was a brutally quick answer from god and that his plea was heard, god had come to his rescue he thought and as his new found religion was building up. He asked « What should I do ? » In a religious voice, « I don’t know what to do »

« You can start by shutting the fuck up, you dumbass », said a voice, and as Tom thought that it was quite a surprising way of speaking that god had, the rope constantly turning put him face to a weird figure, he saw that someone was actually there and was making signs to him while speaking in a contained voice that you would hear from someone that wants to yell at you, but has to stay silent but Tom, starting to be affected by the freezing cold answered « Is that you god ? ».

« No ! You dumbass, now please shut the hell up before you get us both caught » the guy said, and as Tom’s eyes were looking at this unknown man, he recognized the strange figure.

« Mark ? » Tom said, « Is that you ? »
« How do you know my name ? », the fellow replied.
« It’s me Tom » Tom replied.
« Tom » Mark replied, « Noooo, I don’t believe it, bullshit !»
Tom : « Yeah It’s me, why are you escaping through the window ? » 
Mark : « I could say the same for you »

But they both suspected they were here for the same reason, that bloody forced marriage, and as they were chatting about what happened to them in the past weeks, hanging 100 and more feet from the ground. They both heard a noise from Tom’s room.

« Tom ? Are you here ? » said a feminine voice, « You have been changing for a long time and we were starting to get worried ».

« Who the hell is that ? » said Mark,
« That’s Marissa » replied Tom,
« oh... »

« Why is the window open, It’s freezing in here. » Marissa said.
« No shit. » said Tom, as a reflex, and Tom could now feel Mark’s eyes burning a hole through his head raging about how dumb saying that in these circumstances was.

Marissa looked for what seemed like an eternity across the window. and Tom and Mark’s hearts stopped for an instant as she was scanning the area. 
A short pause followed and then she closed the window and a sound of relief could be heard from the two men to the wary ear if you passed at that time onto the street under them.

« That was fucking close » Mark said.
Tom: I kno..
Mark: Shut the fuck up, you almost got us caught.

And Mark started descending as Tom noticed that Mark, on the contrary to him, was using a real rope to descend.

Tom: Where did you get..
Mark: Shut up.
Tom:Okay whatev..
Tom: What is it in these two words you don’t get ? Because I would be glad to explain it to you with my two fists once were down.

Ugly silence..

*Tom starts to descend*, but he hears a rip.
« What the fuck was that », Mark said.
« I think the bitch snipped my sheets slightly», Tom said.
« Shit... You made your rope out of sheets? who the fuck do you think you are ? Romeo ? »
« Romeo didn’t make a sheet rope », tom grunted.
« But you still may very well finish like him »

silence.

A second shrieking noise was heard from the upper sheets.

« oh shit ! » said Tom, let me grab your rope.
« No » replied Mark, « I ain’t giving you shit », « You are going to get us both killed, stop moving and use the vines to get down »

Tom didn’t listen and in a desperate attempt to grab the rope, rocked himself with the makeup rope, which snapped.

Tom fell and grabbed Mark that was trying to catch him, but the rope Mark was using didn’t withstand the weight of the falling Tom and snapped too, and so both fell.






Not the end but I don’t have the time to write more so I guess reddit can finish the story if it wants to.

PS: I am French so please forgive the way I structured the story (the coma’s and all ) and some of the mistakes I made.

Peace !

