Part 1 (10,185 characters, JFC...)  
“I got a buy order for five hundred shares of Cisco,” I called out across the room, facing away from my monitors with the phone receiver away from my mouth.  One of the few advantages to being the only female in the room was that my voice carried well; our runner heard me, and went to work.  
  
“I gotta be honest with you Kayla, I dumped my old financial adviser because I was a little hacked off at him, you made some fairly grandiose promises and none of them have panned out yet.  Did I make a mistake, here?”  
  
They ask a couple of questions on the interviews for jobs like this about your skills in dealing with difficult customers.  A lot of my clients don't exactly treat “the help” well to begin with, and add to that how much of their money they put in my hands.  Anyone else in my family they'd reduce to tears; me, I don't get rattled and play them like pianos.  “Remember Steve, I promised those gains would come after a year, and it's been six months.  They're coming, right on schedule...” *Probably.*  I wouldn't recommend any of my male colleagues call a guy like this by his first name, but again I'm a girl, and he also knows what I look like.  Again, play him like a piano.  
  
“All right.”  He grudgingly conceded.  “I'll talk to you next Monday.”  
  
Hanging up, I said “Or see you next Tuesday...”  
  
“He probably *did* call you a cunt when he hung up,” Gavin said next to me, throwing crumpled paper at me.  
  
“Your mom's a cunt,” I said, throwing it back.  Gotta know how to play with the boys...  But I saw him bristle at that.  Shit, shouldn't have brought his mother into it.  I slid my chair over to run a tickle down his arm.  He relaxed and smiled at the unspoken, flirty apology as his phone rang.  Play with the boys, play 'em like a piano, yadda yadda.  I didn't hate this job, but like most of the guys around me I'd only be doing it for five more years tops.  Most of them *did* hate it, and I honestly felt sorry for them.  Like Palahniuk said, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need...  
  
I stayed for half an hour after the closing bell finishing up, found my shoes under my desk and headed out.  I had a nice condo a mile from the building where my firm was, and enjoyed the walk far more than I would driving.  *But I will have a car again, after I get out of this place*, I thought.  Something with stratospheric horsepower, three pedals, my brothers would be jealous, a house in the country so I could actually enjoy driving it...  
  
But for now I took off my shoes to enjoy the late afternoon sun.  For rainy days I didn't have an umbrella; I changed into gym clothes and enjoyed the rain, even if it was coming down in sheets.  Some instinct told me to enjoy life's simple pleasures, and weirdly I think I developed it in my life's least-simple pleasure, the one I'd be indulging in shortly as I reached my building.  
  
I turned off the alarm on my phone app as I padded up the stairs, shoes under my arm.  I closed the door behind me, walked past my doll collection (hey, I like girly things too; best of both worlds), and lost the skirt and sleeveless blouse.  I sat down in front of the same number of monitors I had at work (six), though I wouldn't be needing those.  I stripped completely, then started donning the haptic VR rig.  It was bleeding edge, the envy of most people who jacked into the Nexus.  It covered one's genitalia for, well, reasons one can probably guess; for the men, that type of Nexus activity was called “jack in/jack off.”  
  
I was soon decently clothed again in sensitive haptic gear, put the helmet on and entered the Nexus.  Dinner could wait.  Bodily functions could wait.  This was how we all escaped from our shitty lives at this point, this was how...  
  
***  
I entered the Nexus in my hut.  I got the crap off of me in favor of real clothes, or what passed for them here.  The wind was blowing something fierce outside; God, this felt so real.  My character in the MMORPG might have remembered the world before the nuclear holocaust, if her childhood memory was as good as mine.  She would have learned the details of the war later, to fill in the large gaps left by what she knew from when she was just four years old, what led up to the horror that was her childhood and an adult life that wasn't much better.  
  
There was a bit of old computer equipment in the hut, that no one knew how to build anymore; “black box technology” was what people called it in the Nexus.  I holstered my pre-war Kimber 1911 pistol, slung my AR-15 over my shoulder, put spare magazines in my pockets and turned to set the trap that would kill any intruders while I was gone.  It was more complicated than the alarm on my condo in The Real World, and frankly a pain in the ass.  
  
A short walk took me to the meeting point, where Jim, Bill and Steve arrived around the same time as I did.  Patrolling the perimeter of the settlement was just as male dominated as my Real World job of registered rep (yeah, I just tell people I'm a stockbroker).  Yet, I was apparently now the one in charge.  My avatar in the Nexus had some of my real world good looks, but was clearly weathered by her hard life.  The three guys who now looked to me as their leader were younger than my character, born just after the war.  “Ready, guys?”  
  
In chorus: “Ready, Sergeant!”  
  
I tried to stifle an embarrassed smile.  I had just leveled up to this when I jacked in the other day.  “You can still call me Kayla, you dumb fucks.  Just do as I say out there.”  