“You’re definitely getting better at portraying your emotions. What are you doing to get better at crying on stage?”

I thought back to my first encounter with my... quirk. I had just gotten off of a 10 hour shift at work. Stressed as all hell, someone shoulder checked me walking down the street. I’ll admit, after the long day, I kind of just lost it. I screamed at the guy; just unloaded all of my frustration and stress and rage on him. Childish I know. Then the strangest thing happened. 

He just jumped on top of me from behind, knocking me to the ground. When I looked up at him, his pupils had dilated like he had just done a couple line of coke at once.  His veins were bulging, nostrils flared, it looked like he had just hulked out without warning. My anger suddenly turned to fear for my life. My heart felt like it was a frantic creature trying to break free from the cage that was my chest. I made a frantic little prayer to no one in particular, 

“Please please please don’t let me die now.”

The guy’s eyes rolled back into his head as he collapsed beside me. Still terrified, I got up and ran home, not even looking back. Later on, after I had had a couple of drinks to help me calm down, Drink in hand, I turned on the news. The face of my attacker greeted me as a news reporter recited her prompt about how a man had died suddenly of a fear-induced heart attack. With alcohol as my shield against common senses and the  otherwise crippling moral ramifications of what had happened, I put two and two together and decided that I had somehow made the man both angry and frightened when I was angry or frightened. Weird.

The next day I woke up hungover as all hell, the memory of my drunken idea pounding in my head along with my heartbeat. I decided I was either crazy, experienced a truly preposterous coincidence, or I was right about what had happened. I decided to start experimenting with a friend of mine who I didn’t mind losing. We went out clubbing Friday night after work when I spotted a cute girl sitting with a group at a table near the dance floor. Curiosity ran parallel with my attraction as I tried mentally projecting my attraction onto my friend. Almost immediately, she started playing with her hair and started chatting up a guy at the bar. Her voice had gone up almost a full octave and she was giggling like mad. A mixture of awe and fear started churning in my stomach, which I kept to myself to keep anyone from experiencing a rapturous insight on the dance floor. I could actually change people’s feelings. Not only that, but others would feel what I felt more powerfully then I did. And that would explain why the guy who attacked me had a heart attack while I stayed safe.

“My first time getting rejected.”  Lying had become easier to me since I my realization of my quirk. Unfortunately, this meant it was harder to genuinely feel any emotions worth the name, which was why I started taking acting classes. Sean was a well known method actor in our city, and I capitalized on that. If I could get my feelings to follow the any narrative I made up, I could make anybody feel anything on command while never being in any danger myself.

Sean nodded encouragingly. “Rejection is such a powerful experience everyone goes through. That definitely is a good starting place. How did it make you feel when it happened?”

“Like my world was falling apart around me and I was falling with it. I didn’t know what to do or how to stop it. I liked him a lot. Maybe more than I should have.”

I had found that compassion and pity were good emotions to have people experience when I needed something. You’d be surprised what can happen when a district manager truly feels bad for your predicament with your asshole coworker and pay. 

“That’s good! Next time you have to cry, I want you to really lean into that feeling of your world crashing down. Imagine that your world is crashing down around and nobody can see it. I think being lonely makes that feeling that much worse, which will make your acting so much more relatable and realistic.”

“I’m not sure if you could handle that Sean.”

“What?”

“I’m playing around. Next week at six?”

Sean looked at me funny, but nodded and got back into that wide smile that I was accustomed to. The kind of smile when his gums got in on the action. 

“Yeah! Next week at six. And you really are doing great.”

“Thank you. See you then!”

As I walked home, I thought about how to deal with my landlord. She had started to act very bitchy about the appearance of all of her properties and had started charging more to help pay for cleaning services and landscapers and what not. Maybe some suicidal feelings would be in order soon.

Edit: spelling