Charlie's eyes fluttered as he quietly moaned in the hospital bed.

"Hello? Mom, dad?" Charlie said as he rubbed the sleep out of his old aged eyes. He yawned and his eyes shot wide open when he looked straight at the nurse in front of him as she jotted down his vitals with a smile on her face. The room had changed quite a bit since he went to sleep last night. The walls were covered with different paintings and there was a large, inexplicably flat TV somehow floating on the wall showing the greatest detail news broadcast, as if he were right there on the TV set.

"Hi, sweethe- " began the nurse before she was cut off by Charlie.

"Umm...", Charlie began before he stopped and looked at his arms. Eleanor, the nurse, started to see tears in Charlie's eyes.

"Mom?... Mom?!... Dad?!... Mommy?!" Charlie started as his anxiety skyrocketed, like that one time last year when he found himself lost and separated from his mom and dad at the mall while Christmas shopping.

"Shuushhh, Charlie. They'll be here soon. They stepped out to go buy you a toy from the gift store!" Eleanor exclaimed as she tried her hardest to calm Charlie down. This seemed to quell Charlie a bit as his cries slowed to loud gasps and then to quiet sobs.

"You hit your head yesterday, remember? Your mommy and daddy brought you here to get better. Do you remember that, sweetheart?" Eleanor asked, with a strained, tired smile plastered on her face.

"Yeah, I do, Ms. Nurse. You changed your hair. Was I moved to another room?" Charlie asked with an inquisitive look on his aged face.

"I feel like I changed my hair a long time ago, Charlie. And yes, sweetheart, we moved you to another room. But your parents know where you are... I'll be right back, Charlie," Eleanor said, tiredly, as she grabbed his old, worn teddy bear, which was older than she was, and handed it to him.

"Okay," Charlie said with a small smile. "Could you bring me some apple juice, please?"

"Anything for you, sweetheart," Eleanor said with a smile.

Eleanor stepped outside of the room and closed the door. She walked down the hall until she couldn't anymore. She put her back to the wall. She wept.

Eleanor managed to reach the vending machine in the nurse's breakroom, and like clockwork, she took out one dollar and inserted it in the machine. A3. It has always been A3.

Another nurse had walked in and saw Eleanor struggling with the machine buttons.

"Let me help you, Eleanor," Clara told her and she steadied her hand. "Why do you keep doing this to yourself?"

Eleanor, defeated, let her forehead rest on the glass of the machine and let her tears flow. Clara felt the wet on her hand.

"Because, he is just a boy. He is my boy, and he has no one left... I have no one left," Eleanor said more to herself than to Clara.

Clara felt the prickling in her eyes, too.

"But he has dementia! He's been like this since he first woke up... That was over a year ago, Eleanor. This is killing you."

"I made a promise, Clara!" Eleanor's voice broke as she realized the volume at which she screamed at Clara.

"He deserves to have comfort, even if for a moment..." Eleanor's voice faded to a whisper and she began to quietly cry again.

Clara pulled Eleanor around and into a tight warm hug. "I'm 55 years old, Clara. I have time. Charlie doesn't."

Eleanor pulled herself from Clara's embrace, wiped the unshed tears from her face, grabbed the apple juice, and began the walk back to Charlie's room.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Wow, I did not expect for this to generate so much attention. I saw this prompt at work yesterday and was struck with somber inspiration and happened to write out this skeleton of a story before I was consumed with work again. Thank you for the feedback and the comments.