    “The flesh endures the storms of the present alone;
 the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present.
 Gluttony is a lust of the mind.” 
- Thomas Hobbes

“Death is not the greatest loss in life.
 The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.” 
- Norman Cousins

For a long time, time has been irrelevant. Well, actually, it all started after the Great War. The most destructive war to ever take place on Earth. Countries could no longer support their people, and the breakdown of humanity was imminent. A military scientist without a name began developing a superintelligent AI to manage the economies and food systems of the countries in the Supreme Alliance. Unfortunately, the war did not end as soon as it was foreseen. The scientist was never able to see the end of his project. Before he died, he tried to shut down the AI before it grew more powerful. He died.

He woke up a bit later than usual. Last night he was at a big party, and this morning, he was exhausted. The fans downstairs began whirring, signaling him to have his first meal of the day. He slowly trundled down the stairs, which creaked at every step, and sat down at the table. 
“Good morning Maxwell, look what we have for B-fast today!” A disembodied voice spoke from the wall.
    He sat down to begin eating, and the TV flashed on. It chimed, as it always did, with the slogan “Betterment, assistance, oversight, at your service!” His eyes quickly flitted up, and the TV, recognizing this, changed channels for him. 
    Life as it was, was good. Everything he needed or could possibly want was accounted for. There hadn’t been a government for as long as he could remember. There simply was no longer a need for a body of people presiding over the rest of the world. Not since the end of the war. The end of the war was fuzzy in the minds of the general populace.
    A loud beep distracted Maxwell from his train of thought. Yikes! It was time to get to work. His porta-door opened up and the seat below him began floating, propelled by rockets. The short journey to his occupation began.
    “Fuel low,” a monotone voice spoke from below him.
    “Crap.”
    His hover-chair was an ancient piece of tech. It could have been scores of years old, and yet he never saw fit to replace it. Usually, the proxy would make an effort to modernize all of the tech in service, but for Maxwell, his ancient chair was an object of pride. Despite his pride, it carried a weight rating from an age past. An age before the war, when food was scarce and fuel even more so. It was not rated to carry him. This meant that he had to stop for a refuel every sunday night. He also had a party last sunday night.
    His thoughts had shifted to his anticipation for the global new release. It was supposed to be better than anything ever before it, but the chair slowly slowing down gave him a cause for action. He pulled over on the side of the immaculate pathway and stepped off of his vehicle. It had enough fuel to function without him on it.
    As he plodded along with his chair in tow, Maxwell spotted a few gnarly old men with signs sitting in a corner and chatting. 
    “Global Warming,” the signs read.
    The men could have been older than a hundred years old. 
    They could have been alive before the war. 
They could have known what happened during the war.
    The thought slipped away from him as his workplace appeared in his sightline. Haubitze Consulting was a particularly bland metallic cylinder jutting into the sky. It looked almost reminiscent to a capacitor, though Maxwell did not know what that meant. 
    “Stupid me,” he chided himself for allowing his mind to wander. He entered the building and placed his seat in the refueling area. It would be ready by the time his workday was over. 
    He approached his cubicle and got seated. An apparatus on the wall extended and hooked onto his head. The new update was here!
    He gritted his teeth, and approximately thirty minutes later(the length of every update), as soon as the headpiece came off, he triumphantly roared “YEAAAAHHHH.” He had waited since all of last week for the new update! With it, he could now access three more channels, Happiness Enhancement++ Mode, and the talking to females module. Perhaps he would no longer have to live alone.
    As soon as his jubilation seized, a news report flashed onto the screen. The excitement from today’s release had caused a power surge in the Earth’s photovoltaic Dyson Sphere. It had made electrical contact with the magnetic field keeping the Earth’s atmosphere barely intact following the war. The surge had melted the polar ice caps clean off. The resulting dual tidal waves were expected to wipe out the entire population of the earth and cover the remaining 24% of land.
    This event had been foreseen, and the Proxy had prepared domes for the citizens of Earth to escape in. 
    Suddenly, another announcement appeared on the bottom right of the screen. The firmware update containing the Happiness Enhancement++ Mode had a surprise bios flash! Now it would bring even more pleasure to everyone!
    His attention quickly returned to the news of the flood. Every single person in his latitude on the planet had approximately thirty minutes to get to a dome before the domes blasted off and left Earth for the galactic refuge area. 
    As the world outside whipped into chaos, Maxwell pushed a button allowing the headpiece to possess his brain. Immediately, the three letters of the Proxy flashed into view, and he again heard the familiar voice speak
    “Betterment, assistance, oversight, at your service.”
    Outside, the tidal wave originating from the north polar cap ate up the city’s power grid and his building shifted into backup power.
    The update came to a close, and the three letters again appeared on his screen.

B A O