The world I grew up in was a paradise. At ten years old, we could choose to become Pokemon trainers and travel our world until we were ready to settle down. I remember the first Pokemon I ever had. It was a Charmander I'd called Cherry. She was so sweet. I wasn't much into battling with her, I loved her too much to actually fight. Instead we trained together. We went into the mountains and I met a Machop. It was badly hurt. I don't know how but it was in such bad shape. I carried him back down the mountain to the closest Pokemon center. Somehow he pulled through and he never left my side. He was a smart boy and trained so hard. He never wanted to battle, he was terrified of it. As soon as someone challenged us he was back in his Pokeball, hiding safely inside. 

I caught more friends as I went. I very rarely battled, but Cherry eventually evolved into a Charmelion. Wow, she was a beast. She was so fierce. The change was truly a wonder to behold. My sweet little Charmander who had been my friend since she was barely a month old was now a teenager. 

We went all over the world together. I don't know how, but I was able to befriend an Abra. It was a little rascal, popping in and out, messing with us in various ways until one day I could hear it whispering to me. I talked to a few of the other psychic trains and they all said similar things happened to them. Turns out some of us were genetically enhanced, just randomly so we could have bonds with these kinds of creatures. It was surprising to be honest. It lead me to trying to figure out what was going on with our world. 

I'd learned in school that humans used to be born from females, but we haven't been able to do that for a long time now. Humans were now genetically grown. We still had our eggs, but they had to be altered in order to create a human. We are grown in giant factories in these plastic baggies. It was odd. 

The weirdest was Pokemon. No one talked about how they came to be. We knew there were normal animals, like pigs, cows, chickens, dogs and cats etc, but they were feral. Pokemon were the creatures everyone wanted. They were so widespread that I rarely saw the other creatures. Sometimes there were cats, but they were food for the raticate a lot of the time. 

If humans were genetically engineered, where Pokemon as well? This question haunted me for years. I constantly searched for the answer. There were so many stories about how the gods created them, how they just came into existence and everyone just accepted that, but regular animals were so different. My buddies came with me on this journey. Cherry evolved into a Charizard and it was incredible. She was her normal self and loved to fly. We flew everywhere after that, well, to far off places. Eventually I somehow found myself at the edge of our perfect world. The world where the biggest danger wasn't humans, even the bad teams weren't even a real threat, but the Pokemon. I remember us stepping over from the green grass to the rubble. We'd made it through the exclusion zone. There were warnings it was all radioactive, but my meter wasn't telling me anything. My Pokemon were afraid out here, Alekazam was out of his ball and refused to go back inside, but apart from that, all things were normal. 

We eventually came to an old building, well it wasn't really a building anymore. Machamp ended up finding a hidden bunker. Inside I found a library of old footage on these tiny memory cards. Each on contained footage from hundreds of years ago, before the time of the Pokemon. The old world was so different. I sat and watched with my Pokemon buddies as we learned how the world used to be. It was weird, watching this complete other world. The strangest was when they talked about the enhancements they'd made in war technology and it showcased this tiny creature. I starred at the screen. It was a Charmander, newly hatched. Charizard looked stunned. In quick succession the news talked about more and more advances, how they didn't just grow, they suddenly evolved. Then the humans started using them to fight, controlling multiple Pokemon at a time. Humans kept altering Pokemon over and over and suddenly they created something that fought back. It ended the wars, it ended the human race pretty much. Then I saw the people who had lived in this bunker, talking to the camera, hiding with a few of their own Pokemon. 

"The world outside is gone. Humans, animals, Pokemon, it doesn't matter who they are, they're all gone. We saved the ones we could." The camera panned over who I assumed was the mans family, "but the world outside is ending. We don't have food for long." The video cut out there. 

I put the next card in. They were outside again, the world was charred and just gone. 

"This is our city now. Nothing is left. We're the only people from what I can tell."

The next video the man was a lot older. He was inside a lab, "humans are unable to reproduce now. Whatever that Pokemon did, it made it so there will be no more humans after us."

The next was footage of a baby being handed to a couple who were smiling and crying. 

The videos stopped a few later. The old man must have died. The world was rebuilding itself slowly. We had destroyed our planet with Pokemon, then the Pokemon fought back and this is how we ended up with this world. 

The creepiest was the creation of Officer Jenny and Nurse Joy. They were the same people, clones with the same memories, same attributes. They of cause differed a little, but they just aren't built to last too long. They age very rapidly at first, last about twenty years, staying and looking the same and then one day they are just gone and replaced by another. People weren't to know this though. The rest of us, we were born to parents who used their genetic material to make us. Some of us were direct clones like my old friend Ash. His mother never met a man but wanted a child, so she had him made, but I guess she made sure he was a boy so he'd never realise. It made sense now, why I never knew my dad, but I had a little brother, but then again, we were taught that babies were grown, not made. We did used to reproduce like the Pokemon do. It wasn't just for fun like we were taught. 

I sat with my Pokemon, my friends and looked at them. 

"Should I show this to the world?" I'd asked. 

"No," Alekazam had eventually told me. "Our world, we have no wars, no famine. Humans and Pokemon may be mean to each other here, but there is nothing like what we saw on the video."

"You're saying our world is like a utopia?" I queried. 

He was so smart my Alekazam, he nodded, "you won't have been the first to find this, you won't be the last."

The years passed, our world stayed the same. Ten year olds became Pokemon trainers. My Pokemon, the first ones I ever owned all eventually grew old and died. Cherry was the first. Her species didn't live long. They said they burned too hot to live that long. Then my Machamp. When he left he was just a shell of himself. Alekazam stayed with me the longest. He urged me to make new Pokemon friends, to start a family of my own with the man I'd been dating. His final words to me were, "This world is incredible. I'm glad I got to spend it with you." Then he was gone. 

I missed him so much it hurt. To lose his friendly voice inside my head hurt more then I thought it would. He had been there for so long. Sixteen years, it felt wrong to not have him there anymore. Then, a week later a little Pokemon called Cosmog appeared. It was a young Pokemon. I heard it before I saw it, speaking little things to me just like Abra had when I met him. Then one day, I was crying and this little fuzzy ball of fluff wiggled it's way into my lap. I called it Cosmos. My boyfriend wanted to travel more, see more of the world so we went with our Pokemon. I only had Cosmos as mine, but soon enough Lucario joined me. Already grown, Cosmos told me he had been left by his owner and just wanted a home again. Turns out he wasn't strong enough so he had been left behind. He came with us, he was so scared of being left behind that I couldn't leave him alone, but he is a good friend. 

I still travel. I never did settle. I love being on the move, I love working with my Pokemon. I teach martial arts with Lucario, moving from town to town. I'm so well known it's easy to get students and pay my way. I know others who have been to the edge of the world, people who also saw the videos. We all agreed to keep it quiet, just because our world is so perfect, why change what we love? Humans nearly destroyed it. Now we live in harmony, or as close as we can get as a species and that's good enough for me. 

