“You’re not gonna throw me in there, are you?” I asked, my heart beating frightfully in my chest.

“I have to, man,” Zar said sadly. He didn’t look happy about this either. We were both standing at the edge of the bottomless soul pit. Millions of screaming souls swirling down the dark tunnel like water in a drain. I did not want to go down there. These souls looked miserable. 

“There has to be another way,” I said not looking away from the screaming shapes below us. 

“Look, Ben, we have talked about this,” Zar begun. I could see the pain in his dark eyes. “I know we had a lot of fun over these last couple decades but we both need to move on. The Great Evil One has called me back and offered me a promotion. We had a deal, Ben: I would help you with your life while I could and in return you would give me your soul. You know I already gave you way more leeway than I should have.” 

“I know, buddy, and I am grateful for that…” I answered. I kept staring into the pit. Zar was right. We had a deal. He had stuck to his end of the bargain- I have had a great life up to this point- and failing on my end of it would be a dick move. I could not do that to my friend. So I took a deep breath, surrendering to my fate. I had to do it. For Zar. 

“Alright, dude. Let’s do this,” I said grimly. His dark stone cold eyes met mine for a last time. His pain was carved into the lines of his face. He was clenching his jaw and if I hadn’t known that demons can’t cry, I would have thought that he was holding back tears. He put his big strong hand on my shoulder and squeezed it. 

“I am sorry, my friend” Zar said and I knew that he meant it. 

“It’s ok,” I answered, forcing down the tears and trying to keep my voice from cracking. “It will be fine. Best of luck to you!” I wrapped my hand around his wrist and squeezed it. Then I took another deep breath and turned around again, looking back down into the abyss. My heart beat furiously. Cold sweat covered my palms and neck. My whole body was tense. Nevertheless, I tried to stay as calm as anyone could before their impending doom. I closed my eyes and took several deep breaths. Waiting. Waiting for the final push. For Zar’s hand on my back. For the ground to vanish beneath my feet. For the fall. For death. But it didn’t come. 

After several moments went by, I opened my eyes again. Carefully I looked over my right shoulder. Zar was still standing there. Still as a statue. 

“What’s the matter, buddy?” I asked, feeling sweat running down my spine. The demon did not answer. His hands were clenched so tight, his knuckles shone white through his red skin. His jaw was set tight. His eyes glinting. I turned around fully. 

“What’s wrong, Zar?” I asked concerned. Suddenly the tall demon shook his head violently. 

“I can’t do this!” He cried. 

“Wh-what do you men?” I asked confused but also somewhat relieved. 

“I can’t push you down there like you were just a faceless soul. You are my friend!” Zar said. When he looked back at me, I could see a strange fire burn in his eyes. 

I took a tiny step back from him. The last time I had seen this glint in his eyes he was in the process of stopping an entire train all by himself. “What is on your mind, Zar?” 

He lifted the one-minute-finger and stared into the air, thinking. Scheming. *Oh boy,* I thought. The stiffness in my body changed from O-I-Am-Gonna-Die to O-Something-Stupid-And-Bad-Is-Gonna-Happen. Nevertheless, I waited for Zar to finish his thinking. After a few moments, the demon suddenly snapped out of it and pointed his long finger at me. 

“I got it!” He cried. 

“You got what?” I asked sceptically. 

“I will make you a demon!” He said. His eyes were shining bright and his big white smile revealed his sharp white teeth, 

“You will what?” I did not catch on. 

“Remember how you made me look like a human sometimes, doing all these stupid human things?” Zar asked excited. “We will do the same here!” 

I was dumbstruck. Me? A demon? 

“How?” I asked stupidly. 

“Simple!” Zar said. He started walking in circles, eagerly rubbing his hands together. “We will paint your skin, put some demon clothes on you and just tell everyone that you are an exchange student from some other underworld…”

“What?” Was he insane? 

Zar stopped his pacing for a moment and looked at me. Scanning me from head to toe. “Yeah, no one would believe that you are a local… The Fey have some weird looking underworld folk.You might be able to pass off as one of them… we would need to get some green paint and some of those sparkling tights but it should work…”

“What on earth are you talking about, man?” Panic was creeping back into my bones. I was certain my friend had lost his mind. 

“It’s brilliant!” Zar yelled suddenly. Beaming. He grabbed both of my shoulders and laid his burning eyes on me. “We can do this, Ben! We can keep you down here! We will just tell the Lords that I have taken your soul- I will just take one of those down there, they never check- and then we will send you to Demon College where you can learn all about my world. And who knows? Maybe you will even become a proper SoulCollector, just like me! Maybe you will even work for me one day! This is perfect!”

“I-I don’t know, man…” I begun but Zar wasn’t listening. I closed my mouth and surrendered to my new role as a foreign student from the Fey underworld because I have seen this glimmer in Zar’s eyes before. It was an endless burning flame and there was no stopping him. 