"No one will ever believe you."

That's what he said. That's what he *fucking* said.

I never asked for this life. I never wanted to be the crazy, nor did I want to be the Great Revealer or whatever they call me nowadays. I don't care about unicorns, or any of the other so-called mythical bullshit that no one bothered to really look into. All I care about is *him*, Bigfoot.

He showed up to me when I was young, only five years old if my old memory still works. at the time, I was obsessed with what people used to call the supernatural (now *extra-natural*, whatever that means). Aliens, monsters, magic, you name it. At first, that's why I thought he showed himself to me. 

The memory is clear, even if none of my pictures of him ever were. the sky was clear, and I was playing in the woods. Where I grew up in the rural mountains, it wasn't unusual for kids to go exploring through the woods. There wasn't much out there that could hurt you as long as you weren't a moron and avoided the obvious dangers like cliffs and large caves.

When he came to me, I wasn't paying attention at first. I'd noticed some large claw marks on a tree and I wanted to check if they were bear claws, or maybe something special. While I was inspecting the gouges, a shadow blocked out my light. Assuming it was one of the older kids trying to scare me, I turned, preparing myself for a jolt, but I wasn't nearly prepared enough.

Above me towered a large harry... *man?* I don't know how else to describe him. He definitely was more than a beast, but he also didn't quite have the civilized (or so we say) qualities of humanity. Shocked and in awe, I was motionless. The disposable camera that I typically kept in my shorts pocket stayed where it was, and Bigfoot slowly crouched down. He studied my shirt, and it took me a moment to realize that I was wearing my favorite "Bigfoot Detective" t-shirt that my mom had bought me as a birthday present. He looked at me, then quietly, calmly said, "No one will ever believe you."

Then he stood, turned, and bolted away through the trees. I remembered my camera and tried to take a few shots, but he was moving to quickly and erratically. I wanted to follow, but his legs where longer than I was tall, and there was no chance I'd ever catch up. I stood still for a moment then began my walk back to the house. I kept looking at the camera and praying that one of the pictures, *just one* would come out well.

That hope turned out to be in vain, as the pictures could have just as easily been of a a bowl of beef stew as of bigfoot for how blurry they were. He was right too. No one ever believed me. I tried my mom. I tried my dad. I tried friends, counselors, and eventually a few therapists. Most thought I was crazy. a few told me I wasn't, but tried to convince me to let it go. I wouldn't. I couldn't, at first. But as time went on and I wasn't able to convince anyone, I got tired of the therapists and the meds and just tried to get back to my life.

It took me a long time to get over that, but then he started tormenting me. I was watching a movie in my 20's when I saw a face I couldn't place. It was familiar, but I didn't know how. Eventually it struck me. *somehow*, bigfoot was a fucking actor now. The dickhead was taunting me!

One thing that Bigfoot didn't take away from me was my photography. See, those cameras I used to carry around got me into the habit of framing everything I saw for a clear shot. When my therapist told me to find some sort of creative distraction, photography was the only way I could indulge both myself *and* my therapist.

This came in handy when I began my new job as a paparazzo. I would sneak through woods, break onto rooftops, anything to get a good shot that would just prove once and for all that I wasn't crazy. That's when I learned there was a lot more going on in Hollywood than I ever realized. Turns out there's a reason so many celebrities are eccentric. It's cause they aren't fucking human.

Yeah, you heard me. they aren't fucking human. you ever wonder how they seem to come out of nowhere and be huge instantly? it's cause Hollywood (and possibly the music industry, the evidence is currently strong there, but not flawless) is inundated with cryptos and mythics. mermaids, vampires, they're all there, and I have proof. I have all the pictures of them transforming and disguising themselves. All but one: Bigfoot.

I'm not young anymore. I can't do the same sort of sneaking and climbing I once could, but I'm a hell of a lot smarter, and soon I'll have all the proof I need to take them all down.

You hear that Bigfoot, or should I say "Bill Murray?" I'm FUCKING COMING FOR YOU.