"I'm alive...", he looked at his hands with astonishment. His hands were shriveled and think. His arms were lank and saggy. "No..."

Staring into the distance he saw a man in large red cloak walking away from him. Callous and indifferent in his gait, he seemed to not notice the old man trying to stand. The words "help" try to escape his mouth but they fail. Instead a whimper comes out. He falls to his knees as a sharp pain shoots into them.

The callous man in the big red cloak paused and turned to look at him. He didn't recognize the look on his face; there was fear and confusion of course but the eyes: the eyes betrayed a certain sort of confidence, a look of a man actively figuring out his situation. The old fool had the look of a man obviously in great pain, but still somehow cautiously aware of his situation.

Memory is an funny thing. At a certain age the mind can barely hold on to them, but at another, they are notoriously difficult to get rid of. The old man quickly performed several hand signs in quick succession triggering a blanket of greenish smoke to engulf him. His eyes had change too, now oozing the same greenish smoke that seemed to dance around his entire body.

"What is this?" demanded the cloaked man. Suddenly he feels a great pressure around his neck and found himself dragged with great force towards the old man, now standing tall and proud and menacing. "Undo this. Now!" The old man screamed. In that instant, the man in the cloak was painfully aware of what had happened. He had found himself in the angry clutches of the legendary Mist -- a man once so feared that the police once offered to give up the city over to him as a way to appease him.

"You don't understand, you're not-gaaahhh" the cloaked man choked on the green mist that hung him by the neck. Then, he was dropped to the floor without warning. Crawling, gasping for breath the cloaked man readied a knife under his sleeve before looked up into the glowing green eyes that were oozing mist.

"It's a memory beam. You're an old man but I've set your mind back 30 years. It's what I use to dispose of... dispose of people who try to harm me." The eyes stared back at him as he cowered trying to conceal the knife. "Undo that, then." Still somewhat out of breath, the cloaked man looked up and agreed. He slowly walked towards him. He held up some sort of fat gun and pointed it straight into the glowing green eyes. As the white beam fell upon the ancient face, so did the memories of the last thirty years come rushing past. The mist around the old man wavered and he began to slump.

Seeing a chance, the cloaked man plunged the knife straight into his soft chest. With one last, tired look the old man stared at him and said, "Thank you." That was the last thing he ever said.

