The two men sat opposite each-other awkwardly - former rivals, now dealing judgement upon one another. In a fashion not so dissimilar to how Cain must've felt when he murdered his brother Abel, Letur Grimsby, former scourge of the City, found a sacrilegious pleasure in being the one to sentence the Hero before him. He'd donned a suit just for the occasion. Adjusting his collar, he waited for the door behind him to be shut before fixing his pointed gaze upon the bound Hero.

"Now, where to begin with you, Mr Sarsmayer?" 

"I was going to ask you the same question." 

Letur quirked a brow at that. "Oh?" 

"Like where to begin with how a scumbag like you managed to turn the City against me." 

"Gee golly, I assure you there was no coercion or duress involved on my part. Just fact and rational thinking." 

Collin Sarsmayer, otherwise known as Saint Ultra, snorted derisively, the chains around his wrists rattling as he did so. "Sure, pull the other one, Letur." 

"I'm perfectly serious." 

"Prove it." 

Drawing in a sharp breath, Letur propped up the pair of glasses resting on the bridge of his nose. "The key to an Empire, Mr Sarsmayer, is not dependence but, rather, self-sufficiency and freedom. Take a look to Rome. One of the greatest civilisations our world has known. Want to know how they settled their debates? Quorums. Anybody in the City could join them. Just massive hubs for debate and deliberation, filled with everyday people. See, they... they were truly independent. Now perhaps you can use that monkey brain of yours to tell me, in light of this fact, why it was such heresy for Prometheus to give humanity fire."

Letur was met with a blank stare.

"It's because he didn't let them discover it for themselves." 

Collin grunted, rocking back and forth in his chair. "And you're telling me this for what reason?" 

Letur snapped his fingers at the Hero. "I'm telling you this because you let this City fall into idolatry under your vigil. You've spoon-fed everyone, catering to their every grievance and whim like some glorified manservant. Now, we don't hate you, nor do we blame you, but you have to let us operate freely. Just as how a market works well and efficiently without interference, we need you to let society go on without interference from the likes of Heroes." 

"And let all the crime come with it? All the pests and scum?" 

Letur shrugged dismissively. "It's true that crime is part and parcel of life, but what we've learnt in your absence is that crime has no need to exist when we all look out for each-other. When we don't isolate the most vulnerable members of society, don't enforce a regime of terror upon them, they can truly flourish. If you don't believe me, just look at myself - a former criminal on death row, now a Judge in our legal system. Someone finally recognised me in your absence." 

Huffing in his seat, Collin's bushy brows furrowed as he tried to suppress his anger. "You mean to tell me that you've made a utopia? I'm calling crap on that." 

"Call all you want, but the decision to apprehend you was one made democratically." 

"So, what are you going to do with me? The one you called your 'protector'?" 

"Probably deport you. In an honourable fashion, of course. Fanfare and schpiel; I'm sure the British would be willing to take you in, especially if we make a show of how much you meant to us." 

"Those uptight tea-drinkers?" Collin had to suppress cursing at the thought. He was an All-American kind of Hero; a patriot to his very bones. 

"Well, they've lived with a monarchy for so long now I'm sure they wouldn't mind another supreme being stunting their growth. So, are there any further inquiries, or have I made my point clear on behalf of the people?" 

Collin sighed. It truly was over for him, he supposed. "None." 

Letur clapped his hands together, a wide grin spreading across his devilish features. "Excellent. I'll have your passport ready soon." 

---

/r/coffeeandwriting