Mom had passed last month..her last words an expression of shock mixed and happiness and sadness as I sprawled over her hospital bed. It had been 50 years since Dad had left on that milk run. I wanted to tell Mom everything was going to be ok as she went into her final sleep but it would be a lie. Many of my closest friends had already kicked the bucket leaving me virtually alone. And now I truly was.

I had always hoped Dad would come back at least before Mom passed. He had always been there before, even when I suffered a bad fall in my early years. Everyday he was there making sure my wound healed as best it could on my leg until all that was left was a crossed shaped scar. But even on that day, there were no signs of him returning. 

Back at the house one of her long time friends fixed me dinner, saying it was the least she could do until the paperwork was settled. I didn't really understand what that meant. The door clicked locked on her way out, leaving me to contemplate my life up until this point. I listened to the rain steadily drumming against the roof as I curled up on the couch infront of the fireplace slipping in and out of slumber.

A soft knock on the front door awoke me. I rubbed my salt crusted eyes and jerked my head towards the door. The soft jumble of keys seemed to recall a long distant memory as the lock clicked and the door slowly swung open.

For a minute there Dad stood there look at me, me looking at him. He hadn't aged a minute since I saw him walk out of that door so many years ago. His clothes, however, looked aged and wet from the rain, matted, almost ragged at the cuffs. I immediately got to my feet and leaped into his arms remembering the familiar scent. This was Dad all right.

After a moment of embrace he carried me into the room where there was more light. His right hand moved naturally to grasp my right leg where his thumb ran over the bump of my scar. "Impossible...", he whispered. He flipped me on the back and then held my face up to his with his hands behind my ears. "You haven't aged a day either have you my boy."

He placed me back on the couch and stood up hastily to close the door. Then he slowly paced back towards me and sat down next to me. "In dog years, you'd be 385, just what kind of corgi are you?"

Hmm. I didn't really understand his question. But I wondered to myself, is my dad really human?