I must say that when an author writes a story, his or her world is created off in the vast universe of possibilities. In an infinite universe, there really is no such thing as fiction. As luck would have it, certain individuals became the only remembrance of that universe. The universe came to an end in all matter. There was no longer darkness, there was no longer light. There were only six individuals that circled around each other very confused wondering,

‘If everything is now gone. Why aren’t we?’

One of them scratched their brow before yelling, “What the hell? Where is everything?”

There was just empty blankness like the sheet of paper that I chose to write on. I was about to give an answer before someone interrupted by asking, “Are we immortal?” 

“Yes.” I laughed while trying to keep up with their dialogue. 

They all looked around at one another trying to understand who my voice belonged to. 

“This is literally a nightmare.” A woman cried. “Please tell me that this isn’t our new reality now!”

I cringed a little. She seemed like she was about to pop off the hinges. 

“What do we do?”

“How do I know?”

“Oh my goodness! All of you shut up while I try to figure something out!”

They each kept snapping at each other. It was hard for me to keep up. My words are the only thing that binds this new universe together. That and if I wasn’t writing about these individuals, nobody would ever give a shit.

One kept going on about never being able to eat again. One had too much pride to even speak with the others. One kept awkwardly staring at the only female present before yelling at everyone else. One was just too lazy to care about what was happening around him – he just wanted to lie down. Then the last one, don’t even get me started with the last one. All he wanted to do was see what everyone had in their pockets without them noticing. 

Are these really the only individuals left besides myself? I am going to go mad along with them.

“Quiet, all of you!” I ordered.

They all jumped to look up into nothingness – except for the lazy one – he just lay there without any care in the non-universe.

Obviously we need to fix this. I tried to write as fast as I could while they waited.

“Why don’t we just create a new universe?” I asked.

They all looked around in silence.

“How are we supposed to do that, *annoying voice in the sky man*?” The woman shrugged.

I mean, there’s no need for name calling. I’m just the only immortal author left. It is up to me to write the new universe into existence.

“Well, we are all immortal. With us, there is life. We have light and darkness inside each of us. We can put the universe back together.” I answered, spilling a little bit of ink on the page I wrote.

The ink splattered over one of their faces while the lazy one started to laugh hysterically towards the scene.

“Sorry.” I wrote. I waited for a second before the woman asked,

“So, let’s assume that no one understands what you just said. How do we put the universe back together?”

“Easy.” I responded. “Each of us picks up a quill and starts writing!”

“Yea, well that’s going to be hard. There are no quills! There’s nothing!” One of them spat up towards me.

“Okay. Okay.” I gently mumbled before writing six different quills into their existence.

They each had a quill in front of them.

“If you can write anything into existence, why can’t you just write us the new universe?”

“Well I can’t do it alone!” I shook my head. “That’s an infinite amount of writing. I am going to need all of your help.”

The lazy one picked up the quill only to roll his eyes before dropping it back down. The one who wasn’t speaking to anyone started writing himself a servant. The woman picked up the quill and started to color in the first bit of darkness. 

“Come on, all of you start writing something!” I excitingly pointed.

One of them looked up at me and requested, “Can you just write me out of existence? Writing is boring.”

“Oh, come on.” I pointed towards his quill – but he couldn’t see that. “Writing is not boring, it is powerful! You have a chance to create a galaxy, a star, a new world, people, feelings – literally anything! With all of you, we can start to write our own universe back to life again! We have to do this – we are all that’s left of our old one!”

He started to move his quill. Instead of writing, he started drawing. I nearly jumped out of my seat. “Yes!” I screamed. “Art inspires writing!”

He started to draw stars which shone brightly next to the woman’s dark abyss of ink. The one who wanted food started to draw food in front of him. He started writing the description of their taste. He was so excited, he started humming a tune.

“Yes! Music inspires writing!” I was so ecstatic. We were going to pull this off. I started to write a blank box sitting in front of the group. They all looked at it. Each one of them started moving their quills – yes, even the lazy one was moving his. Lines started to cross one another, tunes filled the air. Before you knew it, even my own eyes were shocked. Lines connected to the empty box before a thunderous sound filled all around them. Galaxies danced in freedom. Stars smiled at each other in their twinkle. Planets turned towards another looking at their new nature.

I fell back with my paper. “We did it.” I smiled.

I couldn’t believe that the sloth even chimed in. I knew the woman was more concerned in her lust that getting her to start was a miracle. The man who was too prideful to move his own quill wrote himself a servant to do it for him – but hey, it got done. The wrathful yelling of the other man dulled when he used his anger to help draw with his quill. I knew that once Gluttony drew food in front of him, he’d start humming in excitement. The music helped inspire the writing of the others. Greed stopped stealing and just wrote what he was searching for. 

I couldn’t believe the six wrote back the universe. It is silly to think these individuals were created by individuals like myself from the old universe of writing prompts. Some would say these people were nothing but a group of sins. I couldn’t agree more – they were a little annoying. It made them special however. It took away from them being immortal and I realized they were human after all. 

I smiled. I am honored to have been the writer but, sadly, I envy them all. This universe will be for them – not me.

***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)
