      "Kid you were ez." I said seriously. "You better shut up, my dad owns the swat team." Obviously I didn't believe him in the slightest, your average lie from a 10 year old playing a M rated game.
      "What are you gonna do? Send a swat team?" I chuckle to myself. "They're on the way right now." He says in a very serious tone, like it's happened before. "You sound serious." I cautiously confirm it for myself. "Why wouldn't I be?" 
      "1, 2, 3, BREECH!" The swat team rushes in. "Damnit kid what did you do?" I question. "I did nothing, I was only joking." He says while chuckling. 
      Why is the swat team standing around me, with their backs turned. "Why are you here?" All they do is put one finger on their lips, "shhhh." I'm so confused.
      "Here they come!" Shouts one of them. I start to hide, "bang." I hear a gunshot burst next to me. "Bang, Bang, Bang." I take 3 shots to the chest.
      "He's awake." Says a voice I've never heard. "Where am I?" I ask concerned. "Well sir, you just woke up from a coma."
       "What happened? Was I shot? What did the swat team want?" 
       "Sir, you had a little too much to drink, were having a nerf gun fight with your son when you tripped, fell, and hit your head."
       "So none of anything I remember happened?" 
       "Yes, you are correct." The doctor smiles as he walks out of the room, "he'll never remember a thing." He says to his assistant standing outside. "Even what happened at his house?" She asked worriedly. "Yep, I made him think he was drunk, and playing with his kid." The doctor responds confidently. "But sir, he doesn't have a kid." "SHIT!" The doctor yells at the top of his lungs. "Caitlyn, please put our guest to sleep, forever, he's of no use anymore, and knows something is up." 
      
      30 minutes later.

      "Hello sir, do you have any questions before we put you to sleep and run some tests?" 
       "Yes, only one actually." 
       "Go ahead."
       "Why are you lying to me? I don't have any children."
       "Sir, we had to, it was for your own good."
       "I KNOW YOUR LYING!" 
       "Sir calm down."
       "Tell me the truth, or I'll, I'll, kill myself" he comes up with after looking around.
       "Sir I need you to calm down! It is not necessary." 
       "I will not listen to you." I stab myself in the throat with scissors.

       "Notebook entry number 4." The doctor says to the computer. "Test subject Ar738, has killed himself, the drug worked at curing his cancer, but with major side effects. He started hallucinating, forgetting, and going crazy." He said sadly. "I hope one day the side effects will be gone and people will no longer have to suffer." "End entry number 4."
      He chuckles, and under his breath says, "unless the hospitals pay us off again, more patients equals more money anyway."


--------------------------------------------
Might have gone off topic but thought it made an interesting story behind everything in the end. First story, any critism is appreciated.