The finest dinner the finest. The great chicken dinner. 

The best chicken breed of the universe , the clackatow chicken.  And you won't believe the Chef , Thanos , fucking Thanos. Didn't knew his hobby was to cook. Thank you Thanos.

Still, I made it. Superman, Batman, James Bond, Iron man, Spider-Man , wolverine , Magneto, Kim Jong UN , Queen of England, president of US Trump Jr , Bear Grylls,  Morgan Freeman, Jesus , Buddha , Samantha , Ronaldo, Schumacher, Jacob,Quinn, Pandey, Rojas, they all came,had to. They tried to survive but lost.

 Some fought, Fought for the greater good. Tried to resist what was happening, this imposition of Battle-Royale, A single survival .Superman perished when he went against the force fields. The avengers stayed together to fight the field . Batman stood up for justice, protected the most vulnerable for he didn't believe that only one person was to survive.

Greatest mind tried to find the reasons for the Battle Royale. Religions formed . The field was the God now. The Messages  of the field tried to keep the peace in the world. They taught how to live with love , to give your life for God,help eachother. The message was lost, people soon forgot and went back to their selfish ways as if there was a future to save things for.

 Einstein formulated a Theory of Singularity of Battle Royale Field,  explaining the origin of the field in which he claimed it was the reverse of the Big Bang.  The field will become smaller and smaller . However unlike bigbang it didn't span the universe , it got deprecated and localized, unluckily for the earth and the surrounding systems. When finally it collapses to a singularity, no one knows what happens.

This is a Meta. You can't resist the meta. Those who were outside of the field are lucky, Thor , hulk , the space man, and other lifeforms ,these are lucky ones. They however are of no help.
 The existence of the field became known and forgotten throughout the history of the mankind. Some civilization like the modern world was completely oblivious to the field, they lived in relative peace but will greed that there was a future. It changed when Superman made the mistake of passing the meta layer to be outside of the royale,he died early on.  This sparked massive panic , Governments fell immediately. Worldwide wars. 
Guys with wild survival skills lasted long, Bear Grylls took Obama with him and made him drink piss. Those who could live off the wild , lived off without any contact. Some thought of making small communities,functional society, the ones with Rick , especially lasted almost till the end , changed places, fought take overs and so on before Daryll and Rick got into some grave misunderstanding.

But If everything isto collapse into the force field, the reversed big bang , How does just one survivor last? Whats the point of survival? Thank Thanos again. With all the power of the infinity stones , he can open a worm hole for a few seconds through the meta field. And through the field, you guessed it, a single survivor could be pulled. He/she just needs to made to the extraction point.

Sad it may sound but it is the hope that one could become The survivor. Thanos is right to think about that the best one survives , some would say thats debatable, or that that hole can easily fit two person, someone's girlfriend maybe.  How can someone who survived the Royale ,not be the best ! He is the best . I am the best. Chomp ! Chomp !