*KABANG!  HARUMPH!  POOF!*

And that was it.  Or at least that was what Kevin had said *it* was.  The universe was...gone.

"Gone?!  But how can it be *gone*?  We're supposed to exist inside the universe!  Without the universe, it would be impossible for Immortals to be here.  There must be some mistake--"

"Shut up, Debra, I'm trying to think!"

"Oh, that wasn't very nice.  Take that back, Kev."

I sighed.  Part of me wondered why the Inklords of the previous universe had chosen to make such ginormously intolerable Immortals.  They should have used their positions responsibly, I believed.  I looked around and caught a circle of elder Immortals standing in a corner.  I floated - no, walked - well, if one were to be this pedantic about it, I might as well say *flew* - towards them, my cloak (did I have one, or was I just imagining it?) flapping windlessly behind my legs.  I like eavesdropping.  My Inklord wrote that into me.  

"We mustn't tell them, Frederik, it'll be too sad."

"I agree, we can't have a rebellion this early," observed a bearded white man sitting on what looked like a leftover cloud.  Perhaps the universe had forgotten to delete that one.

"Aye, Sire, but we cans't've hide'st the truth from them forevermore.  Not in good faith," an oddly-shaped cactus intervened.  

Hmmm, interesting conversation.

"You, what you have to say?  Speak us!"  a voice from somewhere to my left rang out in my ears.

"I - I, well, I was just listening."

"Listen not allow!  You speak, we listen."

The ringing stopped.  I looked around for the source of the voice.  It had come from somewhere near my arm.  Oh.  There she was.

The best way to describe her would probably be *utterly flat with a picture of hearts in the centre, and some letters in the corners*.  What was she called again?  Ah, the Princess of Hearts!  Yes, yes.  Interesting.  Very interesting indeed.  The Inklords had chosen weirdly this time.  How had they expected us to build a new universe from a playing card was beyond me.  Of course, that didn't mean something couldn't be worked out anyway.

"Maybe we should start making the universe again?"

"I canst'd've seen why we shan't do that.  Fair idea, young man," the cactus lifted its arms darkness-ward.  It was weird, existing in both Something and Nothing At All at the same time.  There was also the question - as Debra had pointed out; I still didn't know who created her - of Immortals existing *after* the Universe had been deleted.  Tenet One of the Metaphysical Law had read: "No Beings shall Live while the Universe Dies."  One might hence arrive at the conclusion that Immortals were not Beings per se, but there was no way to figure that out since our Inklords had vanished completely.  

Suddenly, the darkness was white.  It crackled, and rainbow bubbles came out of its cracks.

"HELLO," a deep voice boomed, from somewhere above us, "WELCOME TO LEVEL TWO."

~


