"Give up?" Amy asked her sister. She was leaning back on the couch, with her eyes locked onto Miranda's. Her little sister was still perched on the balls of her feet, but she had started to waver back and forth. Miranda's eyes were watering, red, and bulging, but Amy's felt fine. Better than fine, really. She hardly needed to blink.

Miranda said something. Amy saw her mouth move - as well as the Teen Titans on tv, and Binks, their black cat, lazing in the sun - but she didn't hear her words. She thought she could even see the particles in the air moving around, although the room was dark. Miranda had stopped talking but was still staring.

"What?" Amy asked.

Miranda's brow contracted a fraction of an inch, not enough to blink. Her mouth moved fast, and her teeth seemed whiter and brighter than before. Again, however, Amy did not hear her. She stood up, looked away from Miranda, and walked into the kitchen for a glass of water.

"Whatever, if you're gonna be dumb I quit. This game is stupid anyway," Amy said. She drank her water in one long drink, said, "Ah," and turned back to the living room.

Miranda was gone.

Amy called for her as she walked back. She sat in Miranda's place and rubbed her arms. The way Miranda's mouth had flapped without sound had reminded her of a freaky puppet. Miranda knew she hated puppets; she was probably messing with her.

Amy picked up the remote and hit the Volume + button. The green bar appeared, going from 40 to 50, then 60, 70, and finally 100. The television remained silent. The remote fell from her suddenly numb hands. "Miranda!" Amy yelled again. "Mir?"

She searched the house, beginning with her room and ending at the door to the basement. Both the front and back doors were locked, and the only set of keys still hung in the entryway. Amy had taken  her time looking for her little sister, certain she'd find her at any moment, but she was still sweating and felt cold. She'd turned on every audio device she'd found, and none of them had made noise - or she was deaf.

Amy grabbed the doorknob and twisted it. She pulled her hand back as if stung. She should have felt the cold brass knob, but her hand felt like it was swaddled in a heavy glove. She was aware she had touched the door, but she hadn't felt it. She tried touching her face, fingers trembling - as far as she could see, anyway - and felt nothing.

She leaned back and nearly fell, since she could no longer feel and had misjudged where she stood. She managed to prop herself against a wall and took several deep breaths. She tried to close her eyes and found she couldn't. She realized she hadn't actually blinked, even once, since she'd gotten up from the couch. She put her hands over her eyes and heaved a sob. The world remained silent and unfeeling.

Amy took the stairs slowly. She held the railing and put her other hand against the wall. At the bend in the stairs she flicked on the lights. They clicked on and flashed off just as quickly. However, she could still see with a dim glow that suffused the floor. Large mushrooms grew out of a stack of ancient magazines. Deeper inside, she could hear water dripping, and her knee collided with something soft and furry that skittered away. 

"Oh god," Amy said. She looked back up the stairs, but they were gone. She tried to blink, but still couldn't close her eyes. The sounds and smells in the cavern grew until they overwhelmed her, and she sank to the floor, listening to the slobbering sounds of something huge growing closer.