Elizabeth woke with a start, confused and disoriented. Her heart beat hard and fast, twenty full beats before she remembered where she was: the master bedroom. She was home, in her own bed. She shook her head as though it would dislodge whatever forgotten dream had set her mind back fifty years and her expected location back twenty feet down the narrow upstairs hallway to the room in which she'd slept as a child. Something must have put her in mind of her childhood, but she couldn't place what. Now, more than sixty years old, that was a time long gone.


A quiet clatter from the kitchen downstairs brought her from her reverie, and Elizabeth remembered her guests. Her daughter and little granddaughter, Annette and Charlotte, were visiting. There was a smell in the air which was familiar, but Elizabeth could not quite place. 

*Annie must be making breakfast*, she thought.

Rising from the bed, she pulled a thick bathrobe around herself and went into the hall. She froze. Down the hall to the stairs, the door to her childhood bedroom stood ajar. Even from the doorway to the master bedroom she could see the foot of the bed. The foot of the bed, which still had feet in it. Her breath hitched as Elizabeth crept down the hall and peered inside. Annette lay in bed, sound asleep. Alone. Baby Charlotte, little Lottie, was nowhere to be seen.

The sounds of cooking continued downstairs.

Elizabeth crept gently down the stairs, deftly dodging loose boards and squeaky panels. She'd learned the quiet ways around the house as a rebellious teenager, the only child of a single father who'd disappeared and left her in the care of his best friend. Uncle Greg had been a wonderful uncle and a better father than Al ever was, but Al's disappearance had stung no less for it. She'd grown a tough skin as a result--slow to trust, defensive, and fiercely independent. From the umbrella stand on the lower landing of the stairs she pulled a sand-filled wiffle bat. Much like her weapon of choice, she was deceptively strong. Sixty-four or not, Elizabeth knew she could be dangerous if she needed to.

Lottie's laugh rang from the kitchen.

The downstairs hall was a straight shot from the front door through to the kitchen at the back of the house, the lower landing of the staircase just off to one side of the front door. Rounding the landing and taking her first tentative step into the downstairs hall, Elizabeth caught sight of a figure passing the kitchen doorway. Not Lottie's toddler silhouette, but an adult.

A man.

There were no men in Elizabeth's life. At least, not in her home life. Not since Uncle Greg had died. Annette's father had been out of the picture longer than he'd been in it. At work Elizabeth had male friends, of course: Samuel, Yosef, and Richard. Young Daniel from work was like the son she'd never had, but even he had never been to her home. Annette and Lottie had Henry, but he hadn't stayed the night and had no key to the house.

What was a strange man doing in the kitchen with her granddaughter?

That thought alone was enough to propel her down the hall. Abandoning her previous stealth she ran, bat raised, as quickly as her aged body would allow. Elizabeth flew into the kitchen with silver hair streaming like an avenging angel's halo, robe whipping cape-like behind her. The bat she gripped gleamed golden in the morning sunlight. She brought it mightily down upon the the interloper, and the world exploded in white.

Milk sprayed everywhere.

Lottie shrieked a startled laugh from her seat on the counter and the pint of blueberries, which the toddler had been applying one-by-one to the electric skillet of pancakes beside her with the careful concentration of a child who hasn't quite mastered fine-motor skills, joined the milk and the unmoving male figure on the kitchen floor. The burst plastic jug was still gripped in his hand, having been raised shield-like at the last minute. It had been a full, fresh new gallon. Milk spattered the walls and coated the floor. It was tinged pink in a spreading halo around the man's head.

"Stay there, Lottie," Elizabeth said. Her voice was toneless but firm. "Don't touch the skillet."

Elizabeth approached the prone figure. The thrown blueberries burst underfoot, leaking purple in complement to the milk and man's pinky-red. The skin of his scalp was split and bleeding where the bat had made violent contact, the blood from the wound mixing with that of a thin, steady thread running from one ear.

Elizabeth recognized that ear. She recognized the hair, too. She recognized the man's whole frame. She even recognized the smell, finally able to place it. Pancakes, but not just any pancakes. She hadn't had this recipe in over fifty years.


Elizabeth peered unbelieving down at the silent, bleeding figure.

"Al?"

The figure did not respond.

"Dad?"

A million miles away at the other end of the kitchen, the pancakes started to burn.