I've had a long and fulfilling life. But it didn't end there.

As empires rose and fell, I lived a humble life. I didn't stay in any one place for very long, for others aged while I remained the same. Since I was visibly in my mid-twenties, I could never retire. I found myself dropping a trade and picking up another one, lest I become too experienced, too important. I was a bystander, I could not let myself rise up among the mayflies, for I knew that one day I would fall.

But after millenia, everything came too easily to me. I became reliable, dependable even. I was coerced into giving up forgotten knowledge, and the emperor seized me as something of value. Unlike me, he did not last forever, and the one who overthrew him made me a gladiator.

But pitting soldiers against me is akin to throwing kittens against a brick wall; amusing at first, yes, but entirely predictable and eventually worrisome.

As they could not kill me, they did the next best thing: they built a large prison, and put me in the foundations. There was at least three dozen fathoms of concrete in any direction, and so I found myself in great distress.

It would be quite impossible for you to imagine the pain and discomfort that occurs when one's every cavity as well one's eyes is slathered with unyielding rock, and one is locked into an unmoving position. Indeed, I spent some amount of time dwelling on it. Eventually, my mind wandered onto different subjects, reminiscing on my extremely long life, on the ever-changing countries of the world, on my many wives and descendants which I eventually gave up on making more of since it was now probable the two would inevitably overlap. But this limited albeit gargantuan life grew... insufficient for my tastes.

I pondered on what could instead be, creating a new world with new rules, characters I grew to love more dearly than I had any human person, plots of intrigue so complex that they could not be summarised in a lifetime, thoughts so profound I could no longer use mere words.

When I felt myself moving, it was my assumption for some time that I had begun to hallucinate my story, that it had become my new reality.

Alas, this was merely the old reality becoming once more reacquainted with dear old I. It turned out that archaeologists excavating ruins sunk deep into the ground had disturbed my slumber.

Though the process for my entombing is doubtless hard for one such as yourself to come to terms with, the process for my exhuming was far more discomforting.

The process took perhaps several weeks, and it was some time before I could properly deconstruct the questions they asked me, for the language was extremely different to anything I had heard before.

"What is your name?" they asked.

"Azathoth." I said.