She could feel a warm breeze blowing down on her as she lay down. Then she realized something. The last thing she remembered was being...INSIDE. With that, her eyelids snapped open. She was met with the snarling face of a dragon, and she realized she was in fact in a forest, but how? And turning attention back to the deadly dragon above, what was HE doing here? Dragons went extinct a long time ago, or so she thought. 

'Hello, it's your professor, we sent you here as a kind of exam for your most recent unit of mythology and mythological creatures. Your task? You'll have to see that for yourself.' 

Said a voice in her head, sounding a lot like her advanced English professor, who was oddly teaching their class a mythology lesson for a several weeks. 

'This is kind of a test run for our most recent idea, and we figured you would be the perfect person to test that out. And don't worry, we can pull you back from this age at any time if you're in danger.' 
The professor said. 

"Well then, are you going to eat me or not?"
 She said to the beast looming over her. 

He let out a puff of smoke and sat back on his haunches, never releasing her from his intense stare. 

"Very well then, I'll call you Fírnen, your colour is beautiful."
 She said as his earthly green scales caught in the sun. 

The young girl then stood up and walked over, tentatively climbing up Fírnen's leg and settling on his back. Spreading his great wings, he took off from the ground, leaving the forest behind as he rose. In the distance, she saw smoke, and orange flame as well. Fírnen flew to that direction, and the girl was shocked by what she saw. An entire village on fire, bodies strewn all over the ground. The green dragon's head swivelled back to her, his intelligent eyes seeming to judge her reaction, then they left the grisly scene, and he took her to the opening of a cave. 

Fírnen landed and jerked his head toward the cave entrance with a whine. As she stepped in she was instantly greeted with a raw, pungeant smell, like death. She wanted to run but at the same time, she knew she had to go on, for the sake of her newfound friend. Continueing on, she heard the clack of talons behind her. A few min later, when the cave was starting to get dark, she tripped on something, and landed on something soft. Putting her hands on the ground to push her up, a sticky substance got on her hands and she realized what she's fallen on was a human body, burned almost past recognition. But that wasn't the most horrible part. What she'd tripped on turned out to be a dragon paw. As she panned the rocky space she saw them everywhere, with a few humans as well, each burnt like the first one. The dragons all had looks of horror in their dead expressions, evidence of the horror wrought there. All of them had spears protruding from their soft stomach's and even from their throat. 

Now she realized what her mission here was, what  had to be done to pass this horrible exam, she had to save the dragons, maybe even other beings too, from extinction by man. Dragons never died from simple matter, we had killed them off, it was all us. But why? That, she now knew, was what she came here for. To save the dragons and bring some peace to the world. But she wasn't alone. A faint rumbling sound came from Fírnen. He was with her, all the way. As she gazed into his sorrowful eyes, she saw something there, a flame of determination within the sorrow. A flame brighter than the fire in the village. She knew what she had to do. The fight had only just begun.
______________________________

Hi guys, This is my first post on r/writing prompt and I apologize if I did something wrong with it.:) Hope you all liked it! Also, I realize this isn't that realistic(hey there is some evidence dragons were real a long time ago), but I was just trying to have some fun with it.