I woke up.  Panicked, the same way you feel when you wake up 30 minutes *after* you were supposed to show up at work.  

The second my eyes opened I could tell this wasn't right, but...I don't know why.  Everything in this room looks familiar yet foreign, it's not mine, but looks like it was laid out just for me.  I heard screaming from the other side of the house and I went from panicked, to horrified.  Who else was here?

I quietly stand up, my face passes a mirror as I do so, holy shit I'm old!!  Seeing the mirror startled me, I don't know what I expected, but the face I saw felt like someone else, not me, I look like I'm in my mid 40's, salt and pepper hair, tired eyes. Whoever screamed screamed again, it was a girl, that much I could tell. 

I felt like I should run out of the house and get away, but my instincts told me to check on if this person was alright.  I tiptoed through this house, trying to keep my presence *un*known, moving towards where the sound came from.  

As I passed the homes kitchen, a can of soda hurled towards me and hit me square in the eye.  Someone was in the kitchen, "no shit" said my brain, I look up holding one hand over the eye that got hit, to see a kid who looked to be 16 aiming to throw another can at me.  He looked scared as hell, what was he doing here?  What was *I* doing here?  This time the can flew past my face and broke a picture frame behind me. 

"Who are you!?" He yelled. Good question, did I get black out drunk and walk into the wrong house yesterday? I feel like I woke up from a life long blackout.  I held up my hands in a peacemaking fashion, trying to make it clear I didn't want to hurt him, even though by now my eye was throbbing with pain. 

"I..don't know..I don't know who I am, I swear I'm not crazy"

The kid was frantically opening drawers until he found what he was looking for, a long steak knife.  Fuck. I started looking for the front door with one eye.  

I could hear the TV in the room to our right playing the emergency frequencies.  I slowly turned and tried to find a way out, but the kid was walking towards me with the knife 

"Did you do this to me?!" He yelled. "Did you drug me and take me here to rape and kill me, what were you going to do to me?!"  He was pointing the knife at me now...and I was walking back against a wall.  

"No, seriously kid I'm just as confused as yo-" He dashed the knife towards me and I blocked it with my forearm, which got cut pretty deep.  

I yelled "STOP" and I heard the same scream from earlier, it was definitely a little girls scream, shrill and ear shattering.  

"Who else did you trap here old man!?" He slashed with the knife again but this time I was able to grab his wrist and turn the blade around and pushed.  

The knife went into his stomach and his face destroyed me, suddenly something inside of me died, as the kid fell backwards.  What did I do?!  I broke into someones house and murdered a teenage kid, I pinched myself because things were getting so weird I hadn't considered I might be in a dream, no such luck. 

The scream came again, but this time it was cut off short like someone stopped the girl from screaming...what the fuck is happening!

I move quietly, my sounds covered by the sound from the emergency broadcast, I knew I should be looking for an exit but something is compelling me to find the source of the screaming. 

I go up the stairs, pass the open door to the bathroom, the second door is shut, I press my ear to the door and hear muffled crying. 

"Is everyone OK in there?" I called out.  Suddenly the crying stopped, replaced with silence. 

I tucked the knife in the back of my pants, and stood to the side of the door before opening it so I wouldn't get stabbed or shot or anything as soon as I opened it.  I gently turned the knob and pushed the door open and waved my arm in front of the door and yelled "I AM *NOT* GOING TO HURT YOU, ARE YOU OK?"

"Show us your face" This wasn't a little girl talking, she sounded like a adult, strong voice but you could still hear the fear in it. 

I put both hands up and slowly walked in front of the door.  Inside were three girls sitting on a bed.  The woman in the middle, she was surrounded by two little girls, couldn't be more than 12 years old, they were holding each other and the woman was covering their mouths with her hands to prevent their screaming, probably to hide their location. 

"It's..you" said the woman.  The two little girls still looked worried. But she took her hands off their mouths. 

"What do you mean, it's me?  Who are you?"

"Have you heard the emergency broadcast?" She asked. "They made a new chemical weapon that went wrong, it's in the air.  Everyone who's taken a breath of it gets the same symptom, all of their memory is lost by the next day"  She handed me a photograph, it was warm as if she had been holding it closely for hours. 

I looked at it and for some reason started crying.  It was a picture of me and her dressed to the 9's, her gown, my suit, getting married in front of a bunch of people I no longer know.  I don't remember the event but its like by *feelings* did, I could feel attachment to her despite not knowing her name. 

She handed me a second photo and my heart sank deep enough to reach the core of the Earth. Five of us, me and my supposed wife, surrounded by the two girls who had earlier been screaming, on the left of them, a handsome young boy.  The one from the kitchen.  She pointed to his face with an urgent look on her own, "Have you seem him?" 



