*Was this it?*

Ahmed let out a deep sigh. As the CEO of Jhelum's #1 stamp factory, he was the wet dream of every Pakistani mother. Just the last week he had been approached by 14 of them. To be sure, some of their daughters were quite nice. But they all seemed to miss something. Something he couldn't quite grasp.

"You must be crazy," Muhammad said. "I mean, look at this one." His best friend picked up a letter from the pile with a photo attached. "If this girl doesn't get your stamp of approval, you are out of your mind."

Ahmed stroked his beard as if in consideration, but he had already rejected her. He wasn't looking for a girl with his stamp of *approval*. He was looking for the girl with the stamp ... of his *heart*.

"Ahmed," said Muhammad. "We've been friends now for, what, 20 years? You keep turning down girls I get rejected by even in my dreams. What's your problem?"

"Unrealistic beliefs and expectations derived mostly from Bollywood movies combined with a deep-seated fear not of ending up alone, but of ending up with in an otherwise perfect relationship with the feeling of being alone."

"Oh."

"Yeah."

"So you, uh, want to go catch a movie or something?"

They were walking through the market on their way holding hands, as is perfectly normal for Pakistani male friends, when Muhammad suddenly stopped.

"Ahmed," he said, short of breath. "Look."

In front of them was a woman walking alongside a goat on a leash. Her beauty seemed absurd, as if she were a mirage. Everything around her lost its glow. Then her almond eyes met Ahmed's. And when she smiled, he felt as if he'd been stripped naked by a divine force.

"Excuse me!" said Muhammad. "My friend here was wondering something."

She looked at him, obviously curious, and stopped. "Oh?" she said.

Rather than an awkward stumbling, Ahmed spilled the beans: "I find you very beautiful and I have this feeling that I want to get to know you. Actually, I think you might be the woman I've been looking for all my life."

"That's very sweet," she said, "but I'm married."

"Oh," said Ahmed. "Well, then I guess we'll just both go back to doing whatever we were doing rather than engage in some flirty banter evolving into forbidden love and whatnot."

"Yeah that sounds reasonable."

"Sure does," said the goat.

Ahmed and Muhammad let out a simultaneous cry of surprise.

"Y-You can--"

"Talk? Why yes. I'm a goat and I can talk. I'm not offended that you are surprised. You'd expect that when an animal such as myself starts talking and that's not something you've heard before."

"Yes, I guess it's really just the appropriate reaction given the circumstances."

"Sure. It's like when you lick a stamp for the first time and it tastes funny. There's nothing like it, and so you'd be surprised at first."

"Funny you should mention that," said Ahmed. "I'm the CEO of a stamp factory."

"That's a funny coincidence."

"How so?"

"I lick stamps for a living."

"That *is* a funny coincidence."

"Say," said the goat. "how do you feel about going out for a coffee? Not to brag, but coffee was first discovered by goats."

"That's certainly an interesting proposal. I know I should be concerned about the fact that a relationship between a man and a goat would technically be considered beastiality, but I'm confident in my sexuality and I'm willing to give this a try without a series of inner conflicts."

"Great."

"Great."

Suddenly, Ahmed heard the unmistakable sound of smooching. Muhammad and the girl were busily at work.

"Muhammad!"

"What?" he said, his tongue still down her throat.

"This woman is married."

"Yes," said Muhammad," but we've decided to elope.

"Why, Muhammad, that's ... just splendid. I wish you both the best. I hope everything works out between you two. Like not getting killed by her husband or anything like that."

"Thank you Ahmed. That means a lot. And you and the goat as well. It's weird, but I hope you'll find what you are looking for."

Ahmed stared into the goat's bulging eyes. "You know, screw the coffee. Would you like to check out my stamp collection?"

The goat laughed. "You're such a card!"

They lived happily together but not for very long because a goat's average lifespan is just between 15-18 years.