My spells have been absolute perfection. Once I got out of the damn Academy, I committed everything to memory, so I would never have to look at another book again in my life. They’re all down pat. Dash of this, pinch of that, and of course, the pièce de resistance, the blood sacrifice. I’d always had a steady supply from the Academy, but once out on my own, I had to find my own. Typical. 

So, I found myself some useful souls to enslave. And everything was smooth sailing. Protection spells, barrier spells, invisibility, even longevity, pieces of cake. 

Then I hired Pia. Once she joined my ranks, things got weird. 

A rather large explosion drew my attention back to the cauldron. Sticky residue was now oozing down the sides. 

“Awesome. Now I need to start over”

Pia chose that moment to enter, rather ungracefully into the chamber, tumbling into the mess left by the contents of the cauldron. 

She screeched as the goo seeped into her clothing

“Oh put a lid on it will ya, it’ll wash right out” 

Blushing, she stuttered out an apology. 

“While you’re here, perhaps you could tell me, why the hell does this keep happening?”

An expression of pure panic covered her face. My curiosity was now peaked. It was clearly not a question she was expecting me to ask. So what exactly, had she been keeping from me? 

She hesitated at first, not wanting to incur my well-known wrath. Too bad for her, my patience was even shorter when I had to repeat myself. 

“Why are my spells coming up as goo? Spit it out, or it’ll be a truth serum I whip up next.” 

The threat was enough to spur her tongue into action.

It was days later. I was still in shock. Pia’s confession shook me to my core. All my beliefs, everything I was taught, from the moment my magics appeared. Lies. I haven’t cast a spell since. Her quivering voice echoed in my head as I replayed that moment for probably the 1000th time. 

Movie blood. 

She had been using a combination of honey, beet juice and food colouring to mimic the consistency of blood. 

The thing is the spells had been working. Supremely well, actually. Barrier spells had been producing stronger, hardier barriers. Wanna be invisible? Now, I can make it last for days, not just a couple hours. My truth serum? Lets just say, there’s such a thing as too much truth. Who knew?

So then why would anyone keep people around, just for their blood when the fake stuff worked even better? 

I’ve decided, that with this discovery, I need the truth. I will go to the Council of Elders. They will know. They have to know. And once I am done there, I will make it my mission that everyone knows this truth. 
