"shh... Sweet heart. It was only a dream. Go back to sleep." I had never seen Raymond cry like that. He was sobbing and rocking back and forth in bed, saying over and over "I can't save you. I've tried hundred to times." His eyes were crazed and horrified.


As I woke up more and more, the gravity of his words began to sink into me. "Raymond... Did you use your Chance?" His eyes locked on me. Desperately, he repeated the words "Hundreds of times." I shifted my weight on the bed, he caught me by the collar of my night gown, pulled my face close to his and yelled "THAT'S ONE." I felt tears stinging at my eyes, and whimpered "Ray you're--". He cut me off with a manic grin, before taking the words right out of my mouth "Not acting like yourself? Maybe we should take a minute and calm down? But we can't do that, because you'll trip over the damn cat, and break your damn neck. That's two." His speech was frantic and his rocking had started again. He began to mutter "hundreds of times."

I had heard stories about people using their Chance to stop an accident, or win the lottery. But Raymond..."You used your Chance to save my life." His face slackened , "I only have one day to do it. I just need you to stay alive for one day." His chin wobbled, and he sobbed loudly "BUT YOU WALK INTO TRAFFIC AND DON'T WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING AND  YOU'RE A *TERRIBLE* DRIVER AND I'VE HAD TO WATCH YOU DIE---"

"Hundreds of times." I interrupted him. he collapsed, defeated and exhausted. I lay beside him and touched his cheek. "Do you want to stay in bed today?" Shock rolled over him. "You've never said that before."

Edit ending after reading some of the other stories which were much more well constructed and had similar endings:

He seemed relieved, and soon fell into a deep sleep. I relaxed. It might have been a dream after all. The sun was just starting to rise, and the cat began to howl for his morning meal. I kissed Raymond's forehead, "I'll be right back." When I came down to the kitchen, the cat followed close to my ankles all the way down the stairs. I knelt down to pet him, and felt myself loose balance.

When I woke up from that dream, Raymond was crying. A strange sense of deja Vu crept into me. "shh... Sweet heart. It was only a dream. Go back to sleep."
