I awoke to a dark room; I could just make out the shape of my roommate’s empty bed across the room. 
He must have stayed at Jen’s last night I thought to myself as I rose from my bed grabbing my phone of the charger. I stepped down onto my desk chair and carefully stepped again to the ground making sure the chair did not roll out from underneath me sending me crashing to the ground. 

As I reached the floor I pressed my index finger firmly against the fingerprint sensor on the back of my phone causing the screen to illuminate. I squinted as the brightness adjusted to the darkness around me and I checked my notification bar. Nothing I guess I shouldn’t have expected much, its very rare anyone texts me while I’m asleep and when they do its only really because they need me for something. I checked the clock on the upper hand of the screen 5:00 AM, SAT December 16, Yikes. Knowing there was no way I was going to fall back asleep I decided to get on my computer and play some games until breakfast opened. I sat back onto my desk chair and depressed the power button the tower I hid underneath my bed. A quiet whir began as the fans inside the tower powered up and a soft blue light illuminated the space underneath my bed just before my two monitors flashed on. I entered the passcode and my desktop brightened as everything came into view. Steam was the first thing to open. I browsed through my games silently reading off each title in my head waiting for one to stick in my head. Fallout…no, Skyrim…no, Scrap Mechanic…meh, Four Horsemen…hmmm why not. 

It had been a few months since I started up Four Horsemen, I played religiously for almost six months grinding out level after level in the massive RPG before I finally maxed my character out. Once max level there wasn’t a lot of end game content to keep me busy so I quickly lost interest and moved on. The past couple days I had felt quite powerless so as the game started up I thought this might be a good outlet to help get myself in a better headspace for the holidays to come. The familiar title screen popped up on my main monitor. The familiar carved wood sign with the games name ‘carved’ into its body began to crack with deep red cracks that spouted fire and sparks. Suddenly the sign itself exploded and the character select screen appeared. Intrigued I examined the screen, my character standing proudly in the center, around him creatures I had never seen before chasing after civilians from some town. One caught one of the NPC’s and tore her straight in half before feasting on her torso. What the fuck? This is not the game I remember. 

I selected my character and the screen went black as it brought up my last save point. As the screen came up the rubble of an old tavern surrounded my character. I looked around confused, the last time I was in game this was the center of a vibrant town the Dev’s had built for end game players to call home. The last thing I remember doing was the town had elected to throw a party because I had finally defeated some big monster that had been terrorizing the area since the beginning of the game and let me choose the location. I like the little tavern because its small stature and homely feel reminded me of my own hometown, everything was small, not big and grandiose. It had a charm that all the fancy hotels and restaurants lacked, I had logged out about halfway through the party, having enjoyed it as much as anyone could and thought it was a good ending to my six month long quest. Now seeing it in ruins I felt a pang of sadness, there were no recent patches, nothing supposedly had changed in the game since I had last logged on, this was something built in. Needing answers I decided to investigate. I walked to the door frame and peered outside, a few townsfolk walked down the street to my left and I turned to follow them, maybe their conversation might give me a few hints about what was going on. 

“Have you heard the latest reports Droth? The army says the Demons are marching this way as we speak, I think we should flee to the capital, it's not safe here anymore” the man on the right said hurriedly.

“It hasn’t been safe since Ghost disappeared years ago Sigvar, they will pass us by and head for the capital, that’s where its’ not safe.” The other responded while the first man was unarmed this one carried a great sword lashed across his back. I didn’t recognize either of them so I decided it might be a good time to strike up a conversation, maybe they seemed to know quite a bit, maybe they had some talking points hidden away. I approached them, and they turned to face me, as I pressed the talk key they staggered backward in awe and paused. 

“Oh my god stranger you…” the second man Droth began to talk before pausing, “Oh My God! Your Ghost! The great hero of the Seven Wars! The Savior!” 
No conversation options appeared instead I pressed the talk key again, but nothing happened. I look confused at the screen, and as if the NPC’s could see my face they responded in kind.

“You’re confused? You don’t know do you.”

“Of course he’s confused Droth, he’s been gone for years, how could he know what was going on,” Sigvar said to his friend before turning to me “We have a lot to tell you, friend.”  