Story idea: a magician who has figured out a way to maintain his mind and memories, but not his body.

He was reborn after his first body failed, but only regained his memories in his life's final flash. After a time, he came to remember mere seconds before his death; but not nearly so quick as to do anything about it. Being tied down to rail posts and watching the bright shining light approach in the chill midnight was only enough to almost balance out his elation against the oncoming shrieking terror of the train's howl. A few seconds of that wasn't any good.

After a few dozen more, or a thousand--he could hardly be bothered to remember his first thousand lifetimes--his memories came back up to a minute before his impending death. Far better than the countless times he had opened his eyes and seen only a smashing club or a rapidly approaching stab. He at least got to take a breath, once he had gotten to a minute.

Even still, a minute wasn't anything near enough time to do anything about his death, though. They had all seemed so unavoidable at the time. That hadn't stopped him from trying, though. Each time he had remembered, the situation had been unique enough to trip him up, and like a tiny puzzle piece that hides underneath the desk, instead of with all the rest of the puzzle like a good piece is supposed to, each lifetime had withheld some tiny, crucial piece from him that would have let him escape. Some crucial, missing link, that would have let him live. 

But something seemed to learn with each birth, and something was retained. After the first hundred thousand times or so, his memories seemed to come back sooner and sooner. But each time, the unavoidable death was just as unavoidable, just as deadly, and he--

Of course, it could be worse. He could just wake up one day and not remember who he was. 

Who would I be then? He wondered, and shuddered, even as He watched the countdown to midnight.

He held up a drinking glass, half-full of best bourbon money could reasonably buy within a twenty four--no, he was up to twenty-seven, now--within a twenty seven hour time period, and looked through His reflection in the glass to the city below. He had seen one of his previous selves minutes before, and had tried to save him, but whether he was responsible for the car crash or not--

"No profit in that line of thinking," he said, "and no better way to kick off a new year." 

He laughed, and toasted the rising dawn.