“You want to be able to manipulate the what?” The Authorised Superpower Assignment Officer asked.

“Manipulate the strong nuclear force” I reply in eager anticipation.

“Riiiight.. as long as you are aware that this procedure is non-reversible, and that you only get one choice”

“I’m fully aware of this yes, I’ve thought long and hard about this choice”

“Ok. In addition to being given this superpower, you will also be granted the knowledge on its use in its entirety, so that it isn’t misused or result in accidental damages. Are you ready to proceed?”

“I am”

I step into the assignment chamber, not knowing how the procedure will actively affect me, will hurt? Will I feel anything at all? Will it take long? All questions that I have asked and never been given a satisfactory answer to.

I wait patiently, looking around for anything of note to take my mind off of the procedure - but there’s nothing... a bland white room, with nothing inside but me. I don’t know how long I’ve been in here, but it feels like forever.

I hear the door, it’s the ASAO from earlier.

“All done! As a final check, all those who are granted superpowers affecting physical objects must demonstrate their powers before leaving”

He places a coffee mug on the floor.

“Go ahead”

I focus on the mug, I feel a sort of ‘switch’ flip in my mind and I know what it is I want to do - I give a short flick of my wrist.

“Can you pick the mug up?” I ask the ASAO

He bends down and grabs it, though even with his best effort, isn’t able to pick it up. He lets go and I snap my fingers. 

“How about now?”

Again he bends down and finds that this time he can pick the mug up.

“Is that it? You can make objects stick together or come apart?”

“Exactly!”

“Seems a bit of a waste to me, you could’ve had literally anything else, but you chose this...”

Feeling like the ASAO is downplaying my decision, making it out to be a waste, I focus on the mug again and snap my fingers once more. With nothing to hold them together, the individual atoms that make up the mug come apart, where the shape of the mug once was there is now nothing - the ASAOs hand clenches quickly as a result.

Before he can open his hand again, I give another short flick of my wrist. He realises what I’ve just done and frantically tries to pry his fingers open again.

“What the hell is wrong with you! We give you this power and the knowledge to use it properly, and you’ve misused it before you even step foot outside!” He shouts, clearly furious that this shouldn’t have happened.

“I didn’t misuse it, I fully intended on doing this to you the moment you downplayed my choice. Do you not realise that with this power, there is no door I cannot open, no obstacle that can get in my way.”

I snap my fingers again, releasing his grip from itself.

“Thank you for your time, I’ll make sure you’re last”