[TV blares with the sound of a local news theme music]

Male Anchor: It’s been one year since the great Dies y Siesta celebration and the entire world is looking forward to making it an annual event. 

Female Anchor: That’s right, Chip, it was one year ago this week, March 17th, 2019, when everyone, at the same time, decided that we all needed to just take a day off and take a nice, long, nap instead. Let’s take a look back at one woman’s memory of how it happened.

[cut to VO]

It started like any other day, people had gotten up to go to work, kids got up to go to school, but around 7:30am Eastern Time, something seemed to come over Ellen Rodriguez while getting her daughter out the door. 

“I remember like it was yesterday. I had Carrol all ready to head out to school, and then suddenly she looked back at me and said “I’d rather go back to bed” and I said “ yeah, honey, me too.” Then we both realized that we were both so exhausted that it would be silly not to catch up on our sleep and just call the day a personal day. “ 

Ellen wasn’t alone. It seemed like everyone on Earth had the same feeling at that exact same moment. 

[cut to man in a mechanics coveralls at an oil change service center] 

I was at the shop getting ready to open up, when my manager came in and said to me, “you know, I’ve always found you really attractive, but it’s not a thing Someone in my position is supposed to say”. Now, I’m not gay, but he was just speaking so honestly that it took me completely off guard and I just said “that’s cool man, you know, if that’s really how you feel we could, ya know, head back to your place and just close the shop for the day” and we did. Really enjoyed it, and we both passed out after and got the best sleep I’ve had in years. 

[back to VO]

It seemed like everyone on Earth was just couldn’t help but end up back in bed for one reason or another. Not much was said, but once we admitted what we all really wanted, the great siesta was the fastest sweeping social movement in the history of mankind. 
