"I have said it before, and I will say it again.  Dancing is the work of the devil.  It will bring great evils upon our town and our people! I will not allow the youth of our town to jeopardize our lives! That is why there will not be a dance!" Reverend Shaw Moore slammed his fist down on the podium.  

A number of the gathered parishioners muttered their agreement. 

Ren spun on his heel and shoved the doors to the church open.  

"That unbelievable bastard! It's just dancing! What the hell does he know anyway?" 

Ariel chased after Ren and caught up to him in the parking lot.  

"I know what you're thinking Ren, he's just doing what he thinks is best for everyone."

"What he thinks is best? You want to live in a world where you can't dance? Where you can't be free to express yourself? I know I don't.  I won't.  I'm throwing that dance party at the old factory tonight.  Your old man can't stop me."  He turned away from her, tears in his eyes.

"I never want you to stop dancing.  As long as it's with me," Ariel whispered.

He turned and brushed away the single crystalline tear from his cheek.  

"You know I won't," he said brusquely pulling her into an embrace.

---

Headlights bobbed down the old dirt road toward the abandoned factory.  Young men and women giggled playfully as they held hands.  They knew it was wrong, but for some reason it felt so right.  

"Alright everybody!" Ren shouted to be heard over the gathered teens.  

"Who's ready? TO DANCE?!" The music bumped out of the speakers as he jumped off of a rusted piece of equipment.  His legs shot out in a perfect split.  He landed gracefully as the chorus started.  Ariel twirled her dress as they danced in the center of the factory.  The strung up lights spun in her vision as she twisted.  It was magical.  

The crowd lost themselves in the music.  Their feet stomped on the old worn hardwood floors.  Their hearts beat to the rhythm of the drum.  

The door to the factory was thrown open with a deafening squeal.  The music scratched to a halt.  

Reverend Moore stood with the Sheriff and the deputy.  

"What is going on here?" He asked.

"What does it look like? We're dancing!" Ren shouted back.

"You fool! You god damned fool! Do you have any idea what you've done?" 

"Turn the music back on.  We don't want to listen to this any longer."  

The music began to play again but no one danced.

Ren tried to move his feet to the music when the floor began to tremble.  The lights swayed gently as the factory shook.  

"You've killed us all . . . " Reverend Moore fell to his knees, head hung low in defeat.

Tentacles burst out of the floor blindly flailing for legs to grab.

"What the hell are those?!" Ren asked dodging a swinging fleshy tentacle. "And why are they trying to crash my party?" 

"Every body get off the floor!" Ren shouted gesturing to the rusted equipment piled against the wall.  People scurried over each other to get off the floor.

That left Ren alone in the center of the floor among the flailing tentacles.  

"Turn the music up," he said coldly as he slid his new Ray Bans over his eyes.

Saxophone blasted out of the speakers as Ren began to dance in earnest.  He threw his head back and spread his arms wide embracing the music.  It flowed through him like a torrential river.  He was swept up in its current, barely aware of what his body was doing.  

He kicked a heel out slamming into a tentacle causing it to recoil in pain.  

They lashed out in anger.  Each tentacle missed as Ren stepped through his elaborate dance.  Shuffle, step, shuffle, splits.  He was miraculous.  The onlookers huddled above the floor stared in awe as he moved effortlessly around the room.  A tentacle shot out, which he back flipped over.  He landed on the tentacle full force crushing it beneath his dancing shoes.  

The creature howled beneath the sand in pure hatred.  Tired of the games the creature threw its body up through the floor.  It's multi jawed mouth snapping furiously.  Tentacles shot out of the mouth which were easily avoided by a masterful pirouette.  The sheriff and deputy drew their pistols and fired into the creatures body.  

It howled again underneath the onslaught.  It tried desperately to crawl back into the hole it had come out of but it was too weak.  Orange blood poured out of multiple gunshot wounds.  With a final gurgle and shudder, it lay still.  

Reverend Moore rose from his knees and approached Ren who was standing in the center of the room illuminated by a spotlight.  

"It's a miracle," he whispered.

"No.  It's dancing."

---


Thanks for reading! This was a fantastic prompt! If you want to read more stories, check out /r/Written4Reddit

(People didn't like my first ending so I thought I would make it more light hearted)   


---

(Original ending)

"What's happening?" Ariel asked clinging to Ren's chest.

A fleshy tentacle burst out of the floor wrapping around Ariel's ankle.  

Her ear splitting scream caused the rest of the room to panic.  Young men and women fled in every direction.  A young man tripped and was trampled beneath dancing shoes.  


"Ren help me!" Ariel screamed as she clawed at the tentacle pulling her down.  

He stared in horror, unable to move.  He heard her bones snap as she was forced through the small hole in the floor.  Her panicked wails were mercifully silenced when her head disappeared into the soft sand below.

"What have I done?" 

He watched his friends get pulled into the sand one by one by the creatures.  Reverend Moore wept openly, he knew he should have done more to stop this.  He should have tried harder to outlaw music.  But he had failed and now both of his daughter's were lost.

Tentacles burst out of the floor entangling Ren's legs.  He didn't struggle.  He didn't attempt to fight back.  This is what he deserved.  

(A saxophone begins to play a mournful melody as Ren is pulled beneath the ground.)


---
        



