Graham was driving down the highway in his car when he heard the announcement from the AlphaFace.  In retrospect, that was the moment when he knew he hated the future.

"Attention, citizens."  The cheery voice called from the hidden speakers.  The dash screen clicked to life, and then the car's steering wheel flashed blue and retracted into the dashboard as the self-drive indicator appeared.  The pedals locked and the car's computer took over control.  The blinking red light under the dash screen indicated this message was going to be informational and not mandatory.  Graham sighed as his commute entered a commercial break.

On the screen was Sajeet Khan, the talking head of AlphaFace Corporation.  She was seated at her desk, dressed in an ambiguous olive suit and smiling the constant smile that was on her face at all times, no matter the message.  "A new regulation will be going into effect, effective immediately.  To ensure the safety of all citizens on AlphaFace sponsored roadways, all posted speed limits will be vigorously enforced.  Any attempts to exceed the designated speed will result in an immediate, rapid disassembly of your vehicle, along with all occupants and items located therein."

Graham frowned at the monitor.  Rapid...disassembly?  

Sajeet continued.  "We at AlphaFace appreciate your continued patronage, and we're sure the new policy will make our high quality transportation solution even better!  Thank you for your mandatory cooperation!"

The screen flicked off and the self-drive indicator on the dashboard began a countdown to deactivation.  Graham grasped the steering wheel and prepared to regain control of his car.  The light turned back to green, and the pedals at his feet engaged with the engine.

Graham grabbed a Post-It note and stuck it over the dash camera lens.  It wasn't illegal yet, but it was coming.  He chuckled, remembering the cryptic message.  What the hell does rapid dissassembly really mean?

In the lane next to him, a car full of post-teens was zooming past.  Graham was traveling at eighty miles-per-hour, the speed limit for this stretch of highway.  The post-teens were going at least ninety.  As they approached, Graham could see that they were all young, not even twenty-five yet.  He sighed, and in the next instant their car exploded in an orange fireball.  The shock wave struck Graham, and he swerved his car in panic as his heart slammed up into his Adam's apple.  Chunks of metal struck the side of his car with a dull -thunk- noise as he drove past.

"What the fuck?!" he excalimed to the empty car.  He felt his heart beating in his ears.  "What is the holy fuck was that?!"  Then he realized...  

"Rapid disassembly."

Further down the highway, another orange fireball illuminated the roadway.  Then an explosion behind him.  Graham panicked and gripped the wheel, his knuckles turning white.  He wasn't believing what was happening.

A ding sounded from the car speakers.  A computerized voice spoke.

"Attention citizens.  Road crews will be along shortly to clean up any dangerous obstacles in the road.  Exercise caution.  Thank you for your mandatory cooperation."

Graham glanced at his speedometer.  He was five miles below the speed limit.  He slowed down even more, and stayed at that speed for the rest of his commute.  The other drivers he saw had the same expression of tense horror that he saw in the rear-view mirror.  And somewhere in his car was a bomb waiting to explode.  Why the hell would anyone think this was a good idea?  How long had the bomb been there?  Maybe, Graham thought, maybe that's why his last oil change took two hours.

After that day, Graham decided to be a little more pessimistic about technology.  He also decided he hated the future.