He sat in a high back chair in his evil lab, a menacing smile on his lips. Surrounding him was all manner of laboratory crap, from pointless Tesla coils and gadgets to beakers and alchemic solutions. And tied up, hanging above a vat of some kind of bubbling solution, was Jack Johnson, photographer of Buzzweek News, a veritable white knight and love interest of the reporter Marsha Miller.

But the villainous Chemist knew all too well that Marsha Miller was not just some ordinary reporter, she was the famous heroine Ultra Lass. He knew she’d come flying in to save Jack Johnson, and that’s exactly what he wanted.

“You’re not going to get away with this, Chemist,” the dangling photographer said, “Ultra Lass will be here any minute to save me!”

“I’m counting on it, Mr. Johnson. If my goal was to kill you, I’d have done it already. I want her, and nothing more.” Though his words were threatening, the truth of his last statement echoed in his head.

The ceiling caved in suddenly and a figure dropped down with the debris, landing crouched. Standing heroically from the debris was Ultra Lass.

Her long, light brown hair cascaded over her shoulders, and her eyes glowed white behind the red mask that adorned her soft face. Her silver and red outfit hugged her strong, curvaceous body. She was the quintessence of beauty, the subject of countless ballads, and an angel in a world of devils.

She glanced at the man dangling above the vat and then stared at the Chemist, “Let Mr. Johnson go and willingly surrender to me or this gets ugly.”

“Ultra Lass, Ultra Lass,” the Chemist said, slowly shaking his head, “you know as well as I that I’ll only escape again and again.”

“And I’ll stop you again and again, but I’d much rather not hurt you. Having to punch you every other week gets so boring.”

The Chemist went silent and glanced at Jack Johnson, still dangling above the vat, “Trust me, Ultra Lass, your punches don’t hurt me.” He stood up from his seat and fixated his gaze back on the beauty before him.

The heroine seemed somewhat perplexed by that, it made sense that she didn’t understand. She was more powerful than a freight train; a single punch with nothing held back could level the tallest building in the city. Of course her punches hurt, but the Chemist’s heart ached when she was away. Only he knew how he felt.

He and Ultra Lass had been at this for years, and while he was not the strongest of her plethora of enemies, they were bitter rivals from the beginning. He used to be able to outsmart her, he’d won many of their early battles, but she eventually figured out ways to dupe him, and he enjoyed it. She was a challenge, constantly keeping him on his toes, forcing him to invent new ways of beating her and tricking her. She made him a better villain. He admired her.

And yet… She did not look at him with the same kind of admiration. He challenged her more than anyone else, and, in turn, made her a better heroine. She didn’t see it that way, she saw him as a monster and nothing else. But who got the credit for making her a better hero? Jack Johnson. The same Jack Johnson who was currently hanging above a harmless vat of green water that only bubbled because air was being forced up into it, creating an illusion of danger.

“Fine, if you want to do this the hard way, let’s do this the hard way.” Ultra Lass said and darted toward the Chemist.

He was prepared, flipping a switch on his gauntlet adorned with an abundance of gadgets. Bright light burst from a lens on his gauntlet, a light that he shielded his eyes from as it temporarily blinded Ultra Lass. The Chemist took this opportunity to leap away and out of her range before he killed the light. He watched with a measure of pride how quickly she recovered from the blinding light and started toward him again.

“Your tricks won’t work on me, Chemist! You can only stall the beating so long!” she glared at him through squinting eyes.

He pressed a button on his gauntlet and laser turrets ascended from beneath the floor and began to fire at her immediately, and though she took the first few hits, she began to duck and dodged out of the way, edging her way closer and closer to him.

The Chemist released every gadget in his arsenal, old and new, and Ultra Lass countered each with such speed and skill that the villain was awed. All out of tricks, he feigned anger at his defeat.

“Damn you, Ultra Lass! I’ve thrown everything I had at you and you’ve foiled every single one! You win.”

Ultra Lass panted, having exerted a lot of power to defend against the Chemist’s gadgets, “Then I’ll be taking Mr. Johnson to safety and leaving.”

The Chemist cocked his head, “You’re not taking me in?”

“No.”

In unison, both the Chemist and Jack Johnson exclaimed: “WHAT?”

“You said it yourself,” Ultra Lass shrugged, smirking slightly, “you’ll just keep escaping prison. I’ll just have to keep stopping you myself.”

He was dumbstruck. He couldn’t find a clever comeback for that, so he just said: “Then I guess you will. Get Mr. Johnson out of here and go. He’s been whining and crying this whole time, it’s gotten quite annoying.”

His heart melted when Ultra Lass giggled and he watched her fly up to Jack and untie him. She held the photographer close before looking down at her archenemy, “You know I’m always going to stop you, right?”

“My dear Ultra Lass,” the Chemist said, “I am counting on it.”

With that, Ultra Lass took off through the hole in the ceiling, Jack Johnson in tow.

The Chemist darted right to his computer and typed in a few commands. Ultra Lass was still within range of his long range microphones and he wanted to hear if she had anything to say. Over the speakers he heard a conversation between Jack Johnson and the super-heroine.

*“I can’t believe you didn’t bring him in after what he did to me,”* Jack was saying.

*“He didn’t even touch you,”* Ultra Lass said.

*“Those ropes were pretty uncomfortable, though.”*

*“I know, I know.”*

*“I gotta ask, though, Marsha, why’d you let him go?”*

There was a brief pause in the audio, and the Chemist thought for sure she’d gone out of range before the audio came back.

*“It’s going to sound silly, but… He makes me a better hero.”*

Before Jack’s reply could be heard, they flew out of range and the audio feed died. But the Chemist hardly cared. His eyes welled up with tears and he let out a brief laugh of pure giddiness. The tears in his eyes fell, rolling over his pale cheeks as he smiled and isolated that last bit of audio.

*He makes me a better hero.*

*He makes me a better hero.*

*He makes me a better hero.*
