“Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sarah, she—“

“Sarah, what kind of a name is that?” Abcde interrupted. 

“Stop interrupting me,” Celestial snapped. “As I was saying, Sarah lives in a republic far far away, a republic unpolluted by any traces of nuclear waste. A republic called the United States of America.

“People living there were supposedly our ancestors; they had clean and free water, obvious seasons - including something called winter - which is described as magical and awe-inspiring, it was the first digital boom and these people got to experience some new discoveries in the technological frontiers every year.”

“That sounds awesome.” Abcde wiped her brow, sweat dropping down. The siblings lived in a thermo controlled pod, but their parents had turned down the cooling unit so they can ration some energy to anticipate the acid rain predicted for later this month. “I wish I can live in that place.”

“But you don’t understand. I’m not done yet.” Celestial said. “You see, in this republic far far and away, people hated each other. It was the age where true integration first began. People looked different - beyond just some small variation of height and facial structures: they have different colored skins and cultures, and that fast technological improvement connected the world, but also brought change that many of our myopic ancestors were too stubborn to accept. People lose homes and their lives because others don’t try to understand them base on their identities in different senses.”

“That’s too bad.” 

“Yeah. But Sarah refused to let her parents and the society dictate what she can or cannot do. Sarah, cloaked with courage and determination, eventually found a way to halt greenhouse emissions from the country and possibly reverse damages.”

“But how come we have what we have today?” Abcde asked, nearly asleep.

“You ask too many questions,” Celestial said gently, “Sarah is a fantasy. But imagine if our world was like the one back then, but with the respect people have today for each other.”

“Yeah,” Abcde said, “that would be nice. I wonder what people would write about us 1,000 years from now.”

“If we still have a world then.” 