Walter woke up just before dawn on his 503rd Thanksgiving, dreading the day ahead. Not all of his 84 great-great-great-great-grand relations would even bother to call him today, much less visit. Issy, one of the youngest at age 37, would definitely be calling before 9am, to remind him that she still wants him to come over, just like she has for the last 15 years or so. She was one of the few relations that still spent time with him, and didn’t view him as an incurable nuisance. He got out of bed and shuffled downstairs. After a few cups of coffee and a couple of hours of reading news on his tablet, his video terminal beeped, and he connected with Issy, who was in her kitchen in an apron, rummaging around in a drawer. 

“Hi Grandpa Walter.” Issy was always in a state of perpetual cheer.
“Good morning Issy. Didn’t expect to hear from you today.”
“It’s Thanksgiving today, and I’m making turkey!” She pointed at the synth oven behind her, which was counting down as something spun inside.
“Real turkey or that synthesized stuff?” He asked.
“Grandpa, you know that real turkey is too expensive. Will you come over at two so we can talk before Thanksgiving dinner?” She asked the question hesitantly, and at that moment he knew what she was up to. 
“What do you want to talk about?” He looked off when he asked, unsure if he wanted to watch her lie to him.
“Just come at two, I’ll see you then!” She hung up, her smile turning into a frown before her picture blinked off.

He arrived shortly before two, smoothing the synthetic fabric of his suit, although it never wrinkled or creased. The door opened as he walked up the front steps. “Hello Grandpa Walter” said Issy, a forced smile on her face. Walter nodded and walked in, and looked around the small house. Issy decorated it in the style of the 1970s, with lots of faux wood paneling and thick bright green carpeting. It was one of the reasons he always came over when she asked. It reminded him of his childhood home. Issy closed the door behind him, and he followed her into the kitchen.

“Where is everyone?” Walter he feigned. He already knew the answer. “Everyone is arriving at three. Which gives us just enough time to talk about something…” She trailed off, and he sat down grimly. “Let’s hear it,” he said. Issy looked at him, adjusted her vintage apron, and started to talk. She spoke at length about society during the time when he grew up (like he needed the background), about society today, and about social expectations. He stopped paying attention after a few seconds, and nodded occasionally to make it look like he was listening while thinking about the smell from the synthetic turkey. It smells pretty good, he mused, but the texture isn’t the same as a real Butterball turkey. It wasn’t the first time in the last hundred or so years one of his relations had this conversation with him. It’ll pass, he thought, just like everything does over time.

Walter was jolted out of his daydreaming when he heard “… and I have a baby on the way and won’t be able to pay attention to you like I have been. And that’s why I think it’s time for you to go onto the next chapter.” Walter blinked once or twice in surprise as he tried to get his thoughts together. “You mean the final chapter,” he sighed at Issy, who had begun wringing her hands as she did when she was nervous. Walter put his hand on hers, and she looked up at him, and her eyes began to get shiny with expectant tears. “I can’t spend my time with you when the baby arrives,” she said, as the first few tears rolled down her face. “Well, you still have a while, don’t you? They still need nine months to grow the baby, last I checked. Why don’t we talk about this later?” Walter asked, hoping for a change of heart. Now the tears were rolling hard and fast, and her face flushed as she answered. “He is going to be here in a month. December 22 is the delivery date.”

Walter took his hand off hers, and walked over to the window slowly. He felt every one of his 503 years down to his feet. He was tired. “Grandpa Walter, it’s just time for you. Everyone needs to move on with their lives, and people need to go sometime. Now it’s your time to go,” she said quietly, with her hand on his back. Issy was always sweet, he thought, just like her mother. “Does anyone else know?” Walter asked, thinking about sitting at the table with Issy’s friends and family for the next few hours. “Everyone knows about the baby, but no one knows about this,” Issy replied. Good, Walter thought. At least I’ll have some dignity. Walter considered thinking about his rotten luck, and then remembered that his 504th birthday was in 4 months. 

“I’ll do it Issy, but under one condition.” He turned toward Issy. “What is it Grandpa Walter? I can take care of all the arrangements…” Walter waved his hand at her and she trailed off. “Name the baby Walter” he said, and Issy’s eyes became wide and her mouth dropped in surprise. “But… but…” she started to reply, just as the video monitor beeped the arrival of the first guests.
