“So...... you want to do.... what, exactly?” My attorney asked with a minorly raised brow and a majorly trepidatious tone.  

I sighed, knowing full well that what i was asking was a long shot, But i had heard rumors and had to see if it was true. I could see the judgement in his eyes. It was as if his vision had shifted and his gaze angled downward at me now. I opened my mouth to repeat myself, and found that it was dry. I cleared my through and set out to speak my inquiry again:

“I know, obviously, that sleeping with a plethora of individuals to whom i am not married is a sin.”


“Thats correct” chimed in my legal councilor 


“And i know,” i continued “that drawing butts on the back of saintly statues, is defamation of holy imagery, certainly a sinful action”


“..... also correct” my lawyer said with a growing look of puzzlement.

“It goes without saying, then, that stealing a nice car and running over my enemies grandmother to prove a point, is -“

“YES. Strictly prohibited if you seek entrance to heaven.” He adopted a more serious expression and tone.
 
“And I’m told, generally speaking, that sending my mother in law a baggie of gummy dicks, while not strictly prohibited, breaks the spirit of several statues, mitzvah, teachings and the like.”

His eyes glared at me now - his narrow slits no longer seeking to hide the judgement he held for my proposals. “Also. Prohibited.” 

“Well you see - I’m just curious, about wether or not these actions count as sins if i am being ‘double dog dared’ to carry them out.”

He blinked and eased up. Then began thumbing through a book on his desk. 

“Well coercion, mam, is excusable in some circumstances, however The rules on involuntary sin in  section 48, sub section 759c of the soul lawyers handbook state that:

 ‘double dog dares can be used as justification for sin only in cases that involve complete power over the sinner in question from the ‘double dog dare-er’ and reasonable motive to commit such sins on the part of the aforementioned ‘double dog dare-er’. 

Does the individual who prescribed these dares to you meet those specifications?”

The hint of judgement was still there, but at least he had gotten over the initial confusion and anger to give me a strait answer. I stood from my chair, pursing my shiny red lips into a devilish smirk, standing tall on my pointed red heals, embracing the sense of power i found as the adrenaline began to pulse through me.

“Yes sir, i believe i do in fact possess full control of myself, and seeing as the clout i will gain from these actions is necessary for my next rap single, i do fit those requirements!”

His pupils got big and his mouth open a little bit as the realization sunk in. He had just helped me find the most solid loop hole available for lawful sin. The likes of which terrible figures from history; dictators, serials killers, betrayers and politicians; had used to get into heaven.  

He had handed the keys to the golden gates of heaven to the wrong girl. Step aside satan, theres work to do.
