"Whats your report soldier?"

"Well..."

The soldier was visibly nervous. He, General Jun and several other officers were in a bunker at the outskirts of Pyongyang.

3h ago the USA and South Korea started a offensive. General Jun was tasked to drive the invaders back.

"Out with it!"

"We were able to hold our lines against the first attack."

"These are good news. The glorious leader will be delight...."

"But their next one broke trough our lines completely. All of our troops are either dead, captured or on the run."

"I see. Looks like its time to use one of our mighty bombs. We warned those filthy capitalist pigs that if they fire a single bullet at us, they w..."

"Thats the thing. They didnt use any firearm."

"Soldier, are you drunk? How can they attack us without any weapons?

"Sir, we cant get drunk since there is no alcohol in a radius of 300km left. And they attacked us with spears, swords, axes and arrows. They were also attacking us with cavalry and catapults."

"Then this means we actually have the superior technology for the first time since 60 years????"

The entire room went silent in presence of such insolence from a high ranking officer. Even the deaf radar officer was looking up from his superior Windows Vista radar system.

"What?"

General Jun was confused but then realized what he just said. He shook his head and decided that he would silence everyone in the room later.

"Now tell me how the battle exactly went."

"The first wave was destroyed within minutes. But already then our equipment started to fail and malfunction. Most magazines didnt worked properly, had to be disposed and our soldiers had to resort to manually load every single bullet. Thats why the field commander decided to use 19th century infantry tactics."

"Wait, you dont mean..."

"Yes, line infantry."

"What about our airforce, artillery and tanks??"

"The planes all constantly lost parts after the take off and came down barely more than a skeleton. The artillery either blew themself up or couldnt shoot from the begin due to faulty ammunition or because there wasnt any to begin with."

"What about our tanks? They should have dealt with them without any problems?"

"Thats what the field commander thought. But it turns out those 40 guys pulling a tank were extremly vulnerable to enemy archers. And onced immobilized the tanks got swarmed and lit on fire."

"The what happened to the line infantry?"

"They tried to stand their ground, or at least those who still could stand. Damn influenza..."

"But?"

"The formations all broke after being showered with arrow volleys and rocks flinged from their trebuchets."

"Then we must hold the capital by all means. We will dig in and wait for their supplies to run out. We can h..."

"Yeah, about that.."

"Oh no, please dont tell me.."

"Yes, the glorious leader wanted a midnight snack..."