Eliza looked back at me as she hoisted the sail. Her apple-green eyes bobbed up and down, as if floating on an ocean all of their own.

"For Atlantis's sake, stop staring at me Alliad, and give me a hand!" She was grinning even as she yelled, as excited to be out there as I was. Maybe more so.

I grabbed hold of the rope and yanked it hard. The burn of the coarse material felt good against my skin. The white cotton sail crawled up the mast and was soon billowing and snapping in the brisk morning breeze. It was just the two of us on board; our first expedition alone. Our first trip into the Infinite Ocean. We were both wrapped in three layers of thick clothing, but it didn't stop the cold from biting at our skin -- especially on our uncovered hands and face. We never wore clothing on our faces, unlike some of the others -- partly because we liked the fresh feeling of the wind on them, but mostly to see each other's smiles.

Neither of us ever thought that we would leave Oazis. That the elders would allow us to go on a lone expedition -- let alone *send* us on one. But things were changing within the great wooden city. They *must* have been changing, because thirteen night-sky's earlier, Redrow had summoned the two of us to the Council of Elders. He hadn't given us facts, but he had given us a boat, a journal, fishing instruments, and the best wishes of the Council. What they had granted us were irreplaceable materials -- objects worth our lives, many times over. 

"Is something wrong?" Eliza had asked the old man.

"No! No, nothing is wrong. We simply feel it is time to see what's out there. After all, we have been isolated too long," he had said, running a hand through his beard. "And you two..." He chuckled. "Well, there aren't many who are willing to leave Oazis."

I had glanced at Eliza when Redrow had said 'isolated'; she'd already been looking at me, her brows furrowed. Isolated meant that there were others, somewhere. And that went against all the teachings. All knowledge. But we kept our mouths shut, too excited at the prospect of exploration -- together -- to risk ruining it with backchat and questions. 

Eliza placed a hand on my shoulder as I gazed up at the trembling sail. It pulled our small boat over the waves and along the ocean, as if a God was dragging it on a piece of string.  

"Say goodbye to Oazis," Eliza said. 

I turned to see the floating city shimmering in the distance. It was so small from here, it looked like a single twig resting on the horizon.

"We'll see it again," I said, turning away from it and gazing out to where we were going, instead of where we had been.

"Do you..." Eliza began. "Do you remember the stories about the cities of dead that lie somewhere far beneath the ocean?"

I rolled my eyes. I hadn't heard them since I was a kid. Hadn't thought about them in years. "*Cities now inhabited by demons who live in the ancient wreckages*," I said, my tone mocking the idea. "But, uh, we're not going *beneath* the ocean," I continued, not knowing then, just how wrong my words would turn out to be. "We're going *across* it. To find other land. Other people."  

Eliza nodded.  "I know. It's just... strange. I've never been farther than three klicks from the shore."

I grinned and stepped towards her. "Are you scared, Liza? You want me to put my arm around you?"

She bit down on her lip as I approached; then she jumped forward and pushed my chest. "What are you--" I said, as I stumbled back and fell over a barrel. 

"I could have fallen out of the boat!" I scolded her.

But then she was upon me. Her lips pressed against me. Her hot breath heaven against the cold air.

