I revved the engine outside of the hospital,  and watched the soul miserably weeping over his family, trying to reach out and comfort them on their way out to their car. 
I rolled down the windows, and turned down the radio. “Hey, come on!” I yelled.
He eventually looked up and saw the scythe dangling from the mirror. 
He shook his head at me frantically. I was hoping he wasn’t going to be a fighter, I’m too old to wrestle with spirits. I peered over at Cerberus, laid flat out across the back seats, snoring. He wasn’t going to be much help.
“Don’t make me come get you! I’ve got other people to take today you know!”
After a few more minutes I jumped out of the car and approached him. 
“Come on.” I awkwardly tapped his shoulder “They would want you to cross over.” 
The poor widow was smoothing her child’s head who was sobbing into her shoulder. The spirit broke down to his knees, wailing “Sharon! Sharon I’m here darling.” 
I couldn’t imagine what he was going through. I don’t have friends, let alone relationships. My chest swelled with both pity and jealousy. It was difficult for me to scramble up some empathy.
 “It will be okay. You need to let them move on, and you need to as well.”
“No.” As his eyes drifted up I noticed that I had met this man before.
“I’ll be waiting in the car.” I slumped off back to the car, feeling defeated. “Cerberus, I would have thought we would be better at this by now.” 
The useless dog let out a snore. 

The spirit grieved and grieved. But eventually a car pulled up and a woman, who looked a lot like the widow, dived out and hugged both the her and the daughter. After a minute of hugging the wife tucked away her curly, red hair, dried her eyes and secured her daughter into the back of the car.

As the car disappeared the spirit tried to chase them, but soon realised he couldn’t leave the boundary of the hospital. His fists banged against the invisible wall. “Sharon!” He howled.
I popped the car into reverse and slowly met him at the pavement. I popped the car open. “Get in.” 
After a moment the spirit climbed in, and I checked my job list. “Greg Chamberlin, died aged 32?” 
He nodded.
“What was your name last time we met? Peter?” 
“Yeah.” His voice croaked. 
“Peter come on, talk to me.” I had been so looking forward to see him again.
I put the car into eight gear, the ground opened and we plummeted for eight seconds. Cerberus let out another snort. Greg didn’t even flinch.
“How do you keep coming back?” I asked. “Is there a way to escape the other side?” 
“Don’t worry. I won’t do it again.” 
For a while we sat in silence. Which was strange. He was always so chatty when I had met him before. So full of life, even after death. Which is not common. Most people won’t say more than three words to me. But he always had so much to say. From the Middle Ages, to only 36 years ago in the 80s. Talking about jousting, muses, jesters, fast horses, fast cars, drugs, friends, songs - he’d always sing in the car, the whole way there almost. 
Now he looked as hollow as everyone else. As dead as everyone else.
“Greg, what- oh fuck. Traffic.” We had hit a huge stream of traffic. “Fuck. I know what this is. Shit, I wanted to miss these guys.”
I seemed to have peaked Greg’s interest. “Who is it?” He asked.
“Tsunami wiped out a town. Pick a lane dumbass! The horblix drivers got dibs on those, and Jesus not one of them knows how to drive.” 
After twenty minutes in undead stop start traffic I began to feel myself bubbling over. I had to distract myself, but millions of years with minimal communication meant that I was at a total loss for words.
“... did you have a fast car?” 
“No.”
“Do any heroine this time?”
“What? No.” He spat back, looking at me with disgust.
“Okay, just asking...” My stomach sank.
After a few minutes he added “it wasn’t like that this time.” 
“No?” 
“No, I took life seriously.”
“I must say, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you with a girlfriend- other than that Viking woman-“
“She wasn’t my girlfriend. She was my wife.” His voice cracked again.
“She still is mate.”
“No, she’s my widow now!” He slammed his fist against the car door. “I just want to go back to her.” He keeled over and started to sob uncontrollably into his hands. 
I pulled the car over. Other cars honked at me as the flew by.
“You have the power to go back, Greg. Why not just do it again?” 
“Okay.” He said sarcastically as he recoiled into a sat up position. “I’ll just go back, grow up until I’m 21, at which point she will be 53 and my own daughter will be older than me and hope that she gets with me and that I don’t see her with someone else.” He paused thoughtfully for a second, as though making a terrible realisation. “I don’t think I could do that. I couldn’t. I’d rather stay dead. You said yourself, I need to let her move on but whilst knowing full well that I never will.” 
He crumpled again, crying viciously. 
I sat there and watched him. Suddenly I ripped the car into fifth, and we shot back up through the ground. I uturned on the road and put my foot down. Greg grabbed onto the door. 
My eyes flicked to and from the road and rear view mirror. With that police cars flew up threw opened ground and chased us through the streets. 
“Greg, I don’t know if it’s true. But I’ve heard if you lie on top of your body, and shake you can sometimes releatch your body to your spirit.” The car screeched as I turned quickly to the right. 
I could see the hospital “I don’t know if it will work, especially because of the time, but if you try... it’s got to be worth something. 
When we reached the hospital I grabbed the scythe air freshener and pulled Cerberus out of the car. He immediately sensed the danger and we ran into the hospital. I flicked my scythe and it expanded, the soft foam changed into a cold metal. As we ran down the corridor stubborn spirits leapt out at me, begging me to help. I couldn’t help everyone. I pushed them back with the handle of my scythe and ceberus barked and lunges until they made way. I heard the police pull up outside. We sprinted down to the morgue, and they were preparing the body for the freezer. Luckily 40 minutes in the undead world equates to about 4 in the living world. 
As police stormed down the stairs Cerberus jumped at the first one, taking another one down with a spare head.
I used my scythe to protect Greg, baring away attacks and slicing whatever flesh I could reach. Cerberus whined, I decapitated the police man stood above him and I dragged him back into the room and barricaded the door, waiting for the next fleet. 
Greg lay across the body as more banging on the door began and started to shake. 
“It’s not working!” He screamed.
“Try harder!” I yelled, preparing myself for the invasion. 
“It’s no use.” He wailed, and ask he began to cry again, his body began to shake. Maybe out of fear, or desperation, or maybe his spirit just knew what to do.
And then, he took a breath. 

