As I squeeze the backpack tighter, it sets off the ink hidden inside of the cash and sprays directly into my eyes. 
"FUUCKIN SHIT" I Hollard unconsciously. 

All I could think was "I'm Fucked, I'm Fucked."

I couldn't see, but I had a feeling everyone was looking at me. All of a sudden I heard three shots go off  of what sounded like a .50 caliber handgun and an older black lady yelling 

"YOU KILLED MUH BABIE!". 

I was panicking, shit was hitting the fan, and I had no clue what the hell was going on. I could hear the masked men shouting, so I slid the backpack in their direction hoping nobody saw me. 

All of a sudden it got quiet. Boom, one gun shot. Boom, two gun shots. Boom, Three gun shots. 
I could hear people crying, as the police, medics, and firefighters stormed into the building. The robbers must have been killed.

As I slowly started to regain my vision, I crawled towards the blue light trying to escape before people saw me covered in ink. 
"It's not safe. The police will see me leave." I thought to myself. 

I crawled to the bathroom and hid in the stall where I could remain hidden until the investigation was over and the bank re-opened for business. Three days went by before The bank was re-opened and I could safely leave. 

I was starving; I was stuck in a bathroom stall with my legs on the seat and no food to eat. On the way home I decided to go to Papa Johns to pick up a delicious pepperoni pizza and some Sodi Pop. 

"Hello, I'll get a..." Suddenly I Was Interrupted. 

"GET ON THE FUCKING GROUND! NOW! NOW! NOW!"

"GIVE ME THE CASH OUT OF THE TILL OR I'LL BLOW YOU FUCKING BRAINS OUT" The robber demanded.

Papa John remained calm. He slowly reached for the safe, all of a sudden he turned around and threw a pizza cutter blade directly into the thief's throat like a ninja throwing star. 

The robber fell directly onto me, and the pizza cutter blade landed on my eye. I screamed in pain, and as I tried to throw him off the edge of the blade rolled onto my other eye. 

I was blind again. For the second time in three days, only this time it was permanent. My life is over; I had a hard enough time finding jobs with both eyes. 

Suddenly, I became woozy from loss of blood and passed out. 

I woke up the next morning, not knowing what the hell was going on. Everything was black, but I was wide awake.  Then I heard a voice.

"Aww, you're awake, Perfect. The Police are taking you to the police station for questioning relating the bank robbery four days ago."

"WHAT!?" I thought to myself. 

"Alrighty, I'll gladly go talk to the cops about what I witnessed," I replied.

"Also, Doc, what happened to my eyes? Will I ever be able to see again?"

"Unfortunately not, See, you've come down the the worst case of karma I've ever observed in a patient." he replied.
"See you went into the bank to rob the place, little did you know your ex-wife and baby daughter were there to cash an alimony check. You set off the ink inside the backpack, which managed to hit one of the bank robbers, the bank robber was spooked and let off three shots, one grazed your ex-wife's hip, one flew past another victim completely missing him, and the third. Well, the third hit your newborn daughter in the head. I'm Sorry."

"Wha... What? I was only doing this for my daughter.." I whimpered. 

I'm blind, My daughters dead, and I'm under arrest for bank robbery. How could this possibly get any worse? 

"I'm sorry sir when I was operating on your eyes I discovered a tumor. You're on the fourth stage of cancer, and only have about three weeks left to live. Although, I don't think you will be doing much living where you are going"  The doctor told me.

 



