Tonight, the man leaves the money on the counter and calls me "Jessabee." The woman he once loved. 

The woman he killed. 

I know, because I can see the ghost on his shoulder, a perfect red pearl. It clings to him like a barnacle, like the scales of a dragon. Aural Herpes. 

The joke is a private one, but AH is a problem. When people take a life, the soul leaves behind a bead. I see them. I see the egg about to hatch. I see their addictions. 

Jessabee Hamilton was a twenty-three-year-old social worker in Gothica City. She had a little girl. She had a husband. 

The man I am touching is named Markus Hamilton. He killed her for--simple reasons. I can feel the memories the moment his mouth is on mine. She told him she was leaving. That wouldn't look good. He is a police officer, a man with a mission statement, a man who saves the city. 

A man who hires women to replace his wife. Women who look like her. Women with long black hair and dusty skin. Women who are weak enough to make the sex turn into panic as he holds them down. 

His back is littered with black beads, each holding the drowning scream of a woman he overpowered. 

I was never a victim. I am Victoria. I am someone he saw and liked. I am someone he wants to strangle the joy out of, leave a husk of a girl behind. 

I touch his back, letting the beads pop, their liquid memory soaking into my skin. He doesn't feel it, thinking each shudder is pleasure. It is disgust. I feel his hands on my neck, his body tight agaist me. But I also feel the truth, the hot breath of a dog against my neck. It smells. It is a rotting thing, and I will take it with me. I will keep it just until I need it. Just until it is powerful enough to roll back like a tidal wave. 

To drown the man who tried to own them. 

I touch the red bead last, the last bit of Jessabee left on this earth. He is pushing my pants down. I tell him I want him. I want him... I want him to feel it. I want him to see all of it. 

He is hard. Hard like... they have all been hard. 

My hands are around his throat, tender, soft. Then my hands begin to rot. He can't see it. I can. I can see the black sludge begin to ooze out of my pores. He is frozen, fearful. He is swallowing it without knowing. 

It goes down his throat, wraps around his neck, comes out of his eyes like mascara tears. He is whispering his own name, his words congealed around the stiff fear in his throat. 

"Mark... Mark... Mark... please..." 

His heart stops a moment later. The blackness drips onto his corpse and I am myself again. My skin is still dark and I am wearing the face of ten other women. The type of face that Marky likes. 

I step over his body. 

I move into the living room and out the door. No one will know it's me. I can't be found most of the time. I have a face that cameras hate, in a more literal way. I can be beautiful, I can be ugly, but electronics have trouble catching me. I seem to shift, like the face in the Ring movie. I am always shifting. 

It's my thing. 

Not a gift. Not a curse. Just my thing. 

When I hit third street, I am back to Maria Sutton. She died three years ago and her life has fallen into step with me. She is thirty-two and pretty enough. Strong enough. Blank enough. It was easy to become her, to move to a new city. 

My family--her family--visits. They don't seem to know. 

Maria is a social worker too. She was--I was--friends with Jessabee. 

It's weird to think I cared for someone else. I have been Maria long enough to feel comfortable in her skin.

But Jessabee understood. 

I wear her around my neck like a medal. She was lovely. She was perfect. Someone I could never become. Someone I could never hope to replicate. 

Even if I wore her face for a thousand years.





