"I don't care what we have to move, just get 4 PM clear on Thursday, you got me? We pre-tape for Fallon and we need that bump."

Debra Henderson hit the end button on her phone and looked down to see what call she missed while she was on it. Following a honk from beside her, she quickly looked back up, swerving to get back solidly in her own lane, dropping her phone in the process.

"Son of a--"

Had it not been for the throngs of people trying to get to the same exit, she would have made much better time from the suburbs. She was aiming three exits away so she could take a side road the police were keeping clear, trying desperately to cram down some fries and a cheeseburger, the only thing she'd been able to eat all day, before arriving at the convention center. She tapped the speech button on her steering wheel (she hated it, never used it, but she wasn't about to try and reach into the floorboards for her phone).

"Call Jack," she said into the air.

"*Calling Jack Antonelli,*" came the reply from her dashboard. She heard the ring tone and then a click.

"Talk to me."

"Jack, it's Deb. We got Fallon!"

The man on the other end let out a woop. "Deb, I love ya! If you weren't already married, I'd marry you. Who knows, maybe I'll rewrite reality and make it happen anyway?"

She chuckled aloud and cocked an eyebrow to herself. *Not the worst idea,* she thought. "Listen, we're going to move the meeting with the Southern Baptist Convention board for it. We'll probably catch some hell, pardon the pun."

"Eh, screw 'em," he replied. "When the ratings come out tomorrow, I won't even need those holy rollers. Call Amy and Lewis, I'm going to need some solid material for this one."

"Already done, and I told your tailor to rush the new jacket."

"You're amazing. I'll rename an animal after you. What do you want, buffalo? Emu? Don't say dog, I already promised that to Francis."

"I like penguins. Deb-uins? Peng-ras? We'll workshop it," she said over the mush of fries she was chewing. "Listen, I'm 10 from the convention center. Gonna cut it really close. Have you been working on your speech?" She pulled off the interstate and headed for a police barricade. She rolled down the window and the cop, recognizing her immediately, moved a cone and let her through.

"Since 6:00 this morning. I'm not sure about the 'I'll cure all diseases' bit. The medical committee says that's going to create an overcrowding issue."

"I know, but it tests really, really well." She took another bite of her burger and groaned as a bit of ketchup dripped out onto her shirt. "Damn it!"

"What, hit a road block?"

"No, just got ketchup on my favorite blouse. I've got a spare in the car, thank God--" she caught herself. "Well, you know what I mean. Can you make it so that tomatoes don't stain anymore?"

He laughed. "I can do anything. Well, I will be able to if my lead holds."

She pulled into a parking lot. "Look, keep the disease line. After the election, you're pretty much going to be able to do what you want. Hell, it's not like you could do a much worse job than the incumbent."

"Yeah, I know. But he's got name recognition, you know? Not to mention the whole nepotism thing."

She smirked inaudibly. "Just because your dad had the job before you doesn't mean you get to piddle around for a few years then fall off the map."

"Right? Okay, I'm walking into the green room now. See you in ten."

He hung up the phone. She got out of the car, took the last bite of her hamburger, and fished around under the seat for her phone. Dropping it in her purse, she took the dry cleaning bag from the backseat and headed for the rear entrance. She could already hear the sound of the crowd on the other side of the building. The news was saying it was his largest crowd since he announced his candidacy. They were somehow going to cram 50,000 people into this convention center and there would be another 100,000 in the stadium where they were simulcasting.

*Five thousand for a bunch of loaves and fishes. Let's see you feed six digits, J,* she thought to herself, knowing full and well he'd be able to hear her if he were tuned in.

She was waved in by security, a handful of whom followed her into the building, and walked through back halls of the center. The entire place was buzzing and as she checked her watch, she picked up the pace. Navigating around a few turns she and her contingent reached a heavily guarded room. A throng of reporters were huddled outside and started snapping her picture as soon as she approached. She quickly moved her dry cleaning over to hide the ketchup stain.

"Thank you, thank you, we're really excited! Listen, Jack will be taking questions as soon as the speech is finished so if you haven't already gotten your name on with his press secretary, you probably aren't getting time with him tonight."

The security guard at the door opened it to a shower of camera flashes and she quickly stepped inside. A tall, broad-shouldered man wearing a crisp white shirt was tying his tie. Several staffers were on phones and laptops on the couches ringing the room.

"Sorry, I left two hours early. The freeway is literally a parking lot."

He shook his head. "No worries. You're here now. Now help me fix my tie."

She dropped the dry cleaning bags on a table near the door and walked up to him, reaching for the knot and straightening it out. "You ready?"

"For this? Sure. It's just a little speech. Nothing compared to the big job, right?"

She laughed and patted his chest. "Done. I'm going to go get changed."

Four minutes later and the two of them, surrounded by a horde of security and reporters, walked down the hall toward the increasing buzz of chatter that meant they were nearing the hall.

She lifted up his jacket and he slipped it over his arms, buttoning the second button and shifting his tie.

"Smile. Don't stop smiling, unless you're talking about you know who."

He nodded, saying, "Got it. You know, for a poli-sci major from my least favorite Ivy League, you're not a half-bad campaign manager."

She laughed and punched him in the shoulder. He turned, steeled himself, and hearing the PA announcer bring the room to attention, he walked toward the curtain. She watched him approach and crossed her fingers. He was up in the polls but nobody wants to lose ground this close to the ballot box.

The curtain drew back just wide enough for the bright-smiled man to walk through to the racous applause and cheers of his adoring audience.

"Thank you!" he shouted into the microphone. "Thank you!"

She checked her phone. A text message from one of her interns blinked at her. *SBC resched 2p Fri. Pope still 8p dinner Sat. Jet booked.* As she tapped out a response, she heard him begin his speech.

"Thank you so much! My name is Jack Antonelli and I'm going to be your next supreme deity!"