*bzzz*.... That's the tenth notification in the last minute. Who could possibly be up at this hour just to torment me? What time is it? I'm quite a heavy sleeper, but today the very first notification woke me up. I decided against checking my phone since I really wanted to get back to sleep. I've a meeting to attend in the morning and I do not want to be late. But my tele-tormentor refuses to stop. Whoever it is, is hell bent on waking me up.

Fine. I'm awake. I'm going to give this prick a piece of my mind. I snatch the phone off my bedside table and slide my finger up to the fingerprint scanner on the back. After nearly 6 months of using it, I've no difficulty finding the scanner on the back. My finger naturally falls there now. The screen lights up and the first thing I look at is the time. 3:10am!?!? Great. I'm just going to have to stay awake from now till after the meeting. I pull down the notification bar to reveal the identity of the inconsiderate prick who did this to me. 

To my surprise, nearly everyone seems to be awake. The notifications were from 6 different people and all of them have messaged me about what a beautiful sight it is... The moon today. But why? Why are you idiots awake at this hour and why are you fools gawking at the moon randomly? Who even cares? What is it with the moon? Just then the phone buzzes and lights up in my hand. There's a new message, from an unknown number this time. It's one line written in all caps. "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON". What? Ok now I'm curious. What is it with the moon today? Why is it so special today? I get off my bed and walk to the window and pull aside the window shade. 

I look up at the moon. It's blood red. It's not even the colour it was when everyone went crazy about the red moon that appears once in a millennia or whatever. This was way more intense. It was a piercing red that assaulted the eyes. It was as if the moon itself was emitting red wavelengths. But wait. Something else seems off... What's wrong with this picture? What's.... It's the moon! It seems closer than ever before and it seems to be getting bigger. It looks as though it's moving towards me. I hear a faint whisper... "Randy"... I hear it again... And again... It's getting louder as the moon moves closer to me. "Randy... Randy... RANDY!!" There's a quake and everything goes red. 

I jerk awake and all I can see is red. The red suddenly recedes and I see my boss staring at me. He's fuming and his left palm is flat on the table at the other end of our meeting room. His right palm is holding the pointer device that was focused right on my eye a second ago with its red light now pointing at my shoulder now. "What is wrong with you?! Do you think this is a joke?! This is our most important financial year end meeting and you think you can just doze off?!"