DM: Alright, so you all have been stationed on the Bolognian for a few days now. Tensions have been high with Bologna for generations now, and things are starting to get pretty heated once again. 

Player 1: Alright, so what are our orders

DM: Your group's job is to sneak into enemy territory and scout out areas within Bologna and to report back with anything you find out.

Player 2: So we are just scouting out, not trying to fight anyone?

DM: Ya, Modena and Bologna are not in open war right now, but its close. 

Player 1: Ok I'll take point. Let's head straight towards the center of the country, then work our way back.

Player 3: Sounds reasonable.

Player 2: Let's do it!

DM: Ok so about a week passes and you are on the outskirts of a town near the center of Bolognian territory. There are quite a few large buildings, a church, and a communal well near the centre of the city.

Player 4: I sneak into the town square.

DM: Ok, so you make your way past a few soldiers who are sleeping on their post and make your way into the town square. As it is night most of the market stalls and such are packed up. The square is nearly deserted.

Player 4: Ok imma grab the bucket from the well and start looting some buildings.

DM: What?

Player 4: I steal the bucket and fill it with loot.

Player 1: Is that a good idea, we are just supposed to be scouting around.

Player 3: shhhh just let him do it.

DM: Ok so you pull the bucket down from eh rope it is hanging on and go around to a few buildings. Most of what you find is dinnerware, jewelry, and various other small bits of valuable metals, but in total it is about enough to fill the bucket.

Player 4: Alright let's get out of here.

Player 2: I take some charcoal and graffiti the wall "Modena waz here" Lol so edgy.

Player 3: haha nice.

DM: You guys work your way back to Modenian territory with your bucket full of loot. When you get back to your officer to report what you found, he immediately starts chastising you for stealing the bucket from Bologna. Apparently, they sent word to the Modenian government about a stolen bucket and are demanding the bucket back.

Player 4: No way, I stole this bucket, its mine now.

DM: fine, The Bolognese have raised an army of 32,000 men and are marching on the city of Zappolino...

Player 2: that is the most Italian sounding name I have ever heard... Continue...

DM: Your country can only muster 7,000 men, and it seems as though you will be crushed entirely. 

Player 3: Lets set up an elaborate defence of the city and make sure we don't lose.

DM: Roll to set things up. 

Player 3: Natural 20!

DM: Nice, so you guys get some well-made defences and a great strategy in place to drive back your enemy. They come soon and stand against your defences. You suddenly realize how fucked you are. This mile-long wall of bodies bearing down on you like a force of nature. I need you guys to roll to see how the battle fares.

~*everyone rolls nat 20*~

DM: WEll shit, you guys manage to break the enemies formations and send them routing back home, successfully beating a force nearly 5 times as large as your own. 

Player 4: I take a group and chase them back to the border.

DM: they are in full flight mode, so you are easily able to drive them out of the country. 

Player 4: And a steal another one of their buckets as a trophy.

~*Party laughs their asses off, DM sighs and rolls his eyes. Everyone drinks a bit more, laughs and passes out sprawled over couches and floors.*~