"Muuuuuuum! Daaaaaaaaaaaad!" Ivy screams as she bursts through my door. I jolt straight up and look at her, her Dora the Explorer pajamas stained with urine down the leg. "There is a mobster under my bed!" 

"Alright sweetie," I reply rubbing my eyes and looking over at my now rudely awoken wife. "I got this." I say, patting her on the back and standing out of bed. I move over to the closet and grab a wooden baseball bat. "You stay in here darlin', but take off your pants." I move past my daughter and saunter with a slumbering stride towards her room. 

I move through the archway into her room with a cough. I take a large sniff of air, smell the piss she had left behind and slightly gag. The walls were adorned with fairies, unicorns, as well as a poster of One Direction.

I hate One Direction so much. You don't know you're beautiful my ass. 

"Look out monster, I'm here to get you," I say with a boom, loud enough that Ivy could hear me in the other room. Ivy always felt more assured if I narrated a scary tale as I scanned her room. "I've got a bat, a big one at that, and I'm gonna club your head, till you're dead." She especially loved the rhymes. I moved over to the bed and became uneasy. It was moving with slight bumps, as if something was under the bed. 

I felt a chill before I ducked under to check. Her bedroom window was open. With furious speed, I checked under the bed to see a blood-stained man cowering in fear. 

"Johnny?" I bit out. His bones rattled for a few seconds before replying to me.

"Ay... Ay boss," he murmured. "I got the wrong room." I grab Johnny and pull him out from under the bed, blood slicking the trail he just know made. 

"Yeah, you got the wrong fuckin' room. What the fuck happened to you?" I try my best to remain quiet as I talk now, lest not alert my family. 

"Deal went bad," Johnny coughed up a heap of blood and mucus into his hand before continuing to speak. "Romero's weren't happy with the product." 

"So you decided to run here?" I could feel the venom drip out of my tongue as I spoke. "Scare the literal piss out of Ivy." 

"I'm sor-" I punch him across the mouth. One of his teeth broke off into my index finger knuckle and cut deep. 

"Sorry ain't gonna fuckin' cut it here Johnny." I put the bat against the side of Johnny's head lightly and watch the fear drain through his body. "Now, I see what ya did. Part of me even respects it."

"I didn't know what else to do Boss! They shot everyone else that went! I... I..." Johnny's blubbering as he spoke was almost as insulting as him fleeing to me. At my home. With my family. 

"Shhh..." I say to Johnny, leaning down and placing my hand on the back of his head. "It's okay Johnny. It's okay." 

"Is it boss?" Johnny looks up to me. That little glint of hope in his eyes was... endearing. 

"Of course fuckin' not." I crash the bat down across the side of his head. A large spray of blood soaked the walls, including that One Direction fucking poster, and continued to layer everything in cathartic carnage. With every whack I felt his skull cave a little bit more, his arms break just a fracture more, his chest collapse into his lungs and his soul break. 

My arms were heavy after a few minutes. I'd spent every bit of energy I had turning Johnny into a bloody pulp. I dropped the bat on the ground, walked back out the door and slowly towards the room with my darling daughter and my gorgeous wife. The look of shock on both their faces was daunting. 

"Monsters dead baby," I say to Ivy who was tearing up. "Daddy took care of it."

"Bu...but Dad," Ivy spoke out to me with a whimper. "It was Johnny. It was your friend, wasn't it?" I knelled down and made eye contact with my little girl.

"Monsters dead baby," I put my hands across the side of her head and held it tight, so she couldn't turn away from me. "Daddy. Took. Care. Of. It."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you liked this, check out /r/Rhysyjay 