I stare at the doctor, his last few words revolving through my head like a cyclone. 

"Cancer?"

"Yes, Glioblastoma," the doctor replied, sadly. "We can remove most of the mass to relieve the pressure, but it's already too far. If you're lucky, I'd say you have about a year."

"A year. That's not... that's not very long."

"I'm very sorry. Here's a higher dose for your headache, and I'd like you come back in a week so we can discuss chemo and surgery. Again, my deepest condolences, and if you need any help, don't hesitate to contact me."

I jump on the doctor, crushing him against the counter. "Thank you," I say with a choked sob. "Thank you so much."

I then rush out of the hospital with an ironic spring in my step. But honestly, when you've lived as long as I have, why wouldn't you be excited for rest. Soon, I will see my family, my friends, my God. What could be felt but joy at the relief of such longing.*

Upon arriving home, I throw open the front door. "I'm dying!" I shout ecstaticly. A second later, he realize with horror what I just did. Quietly I peep into every room, collapsing against the wall in relief when I have finished. The house is empty and the dogs are gone. Either a miracle, or it's time for their walk. Most likely the later.

Getting up, I go downstairs to tell the rats. They take the news as usual: squeaking for food then getting back to whatever. There is a new litter of babies; who knows which number generation this is from my original subjects. Before, I greatly envied their short lives, weeping over my loss (or should I say delay) of eternity with every death. It took a while to submit to patience. Soon, it will be *his* turn to mourn. 

I slowly pick at my food. Not that I'm not hungry; I'm just thinking about how I will tell him. 

"Are you okay? You're not eating."

"Yea, just thinking. Umm... do you think I'm getting old?"

The highly perplexed look on my little boy's face almost makes me laugh. "You've always been old. What sort of a question is that? You don't *look* anywhere near old if that's what you're trying to say." 

I smile. My new cosmetics are working fine. "Yes, but look. I found a gray hair." I playfully hold it out for him.

He takes the strand and inspects it. "Hmm, I guess it does seem unusually light. And look, you have one here and here and here..."

I laugh as he plucks out my "imperfections". My eyes take in the smile on his face. The news will crush him. Heaven forbid, the smile might never return. But for now, he is safe.

"Though seriously, father, you have been seeming a bit stressed lately. I'd suggest you take some time to rest. Might stop your hair from 'aging'." I make a mental note that I'll need a wig to keep up the illusion. 

"And not see my students? Never. Besides, it would be hypocritical." 

The little one laughs. "True true. But if gets to be too much, I can help."

I cringe at the thought of him constantly on my back, but it can't be helped. Not when I will be so weak. "Yes, I would like that."