It was the little details, at first. Things about his clothing, or his refusal to wear shoes. Odd things, things that no one else would have ever picked up on or cared about. But it struck a chord in you. And you didn't know why.

Those patients and only those patients, their stories would sometimes give you that chill up your spine, and their sessions would keep your looking over your shoulder for hours afterwards. You usually don't let your work affect you this way-you have to steel your heart, at least a little bit, to work with these kids without letting their pain consume you. You usually consider yourself pretty good at doing just that. But this...this was different. There was something off about this.

You started compiling a list sometime around last Christmas. You remember being alone in your office, staring at the wall as the receptionist poked his head in and waved goodbye, told you to hurry home soon, before the snow fell. You ended up napping on your lounger and eating vending machine candy bars for breakfast as you copied files and scribbled notes.

It only happened to those kids too. You can't figure out too much of a rhyme or reason to it-it didn't happen to the worst of the cases. Didn't happen to the kids who were born to addict parents and ignored for the first few years of their lives, didn't happen to those kids who were diddled before they understood what their genitals were even there for. The only thing that really strung them together was that a lot of the kids had had someone die. Though who hadn't? You deal exclusively in messed up kids-most of them had seen more crap and dealt with more shit by the time they were five than the average person at fifty.

These were the chosen ones, apparently. You have to kick yourself, because you don't know anything yet, not *really*. It could just all be a coincidence. You could just be projecting your own discomfort onto them. You know the fallacies of the human mind better than most, and you of all people recognize that this is an area that you are far too emotionally involved in. You know you're not thinking about this clearly. You tell yourself this, and you ignore it anyway because it's just too damn *familiar*.

You have to know. And that's why you've been waiting for this appointment all week. It's been gnawing at you for a while now, at that part of you you thought was buried. It's been hard to sleep, hard to focus. Hard to eat. This will end here, one way or another.

Lydia is quiet as she draws what you've requested of her. She leans over the page, her shadow blocking the paper from your view. A stray strand of hair that's escaped her green hair ribbon keeps falling in her face, and she absentmindedly tucks it behind her ear every time. You can hear the ticking of the clock and, underneath the table, the sound of Lydia's loose shoelace clicking against the leg of the table as she kicks her feet.

"So, does this man visit your sisters as well?" You try to look nonchalant. Lydia doesn't smack her lips, like she usually does when you can coax her into speaking.

"Yeah, I guess. He's not really their friend though."

"And what do you mean by that?"

Here, she bites her lip. Furrows her brow in concentration, and her hand ceases her drawing, but just for a moment. "He doesn't talk to them. But he likes to watch."

"Watch...what?"

"The three of us. Playing, or studying." She pauses. "He doesn't like to play with us. But he says he still has fun watching us play, so we don't have to worry."

"I see...does he ever talk to your sisters?" You already know the answer. Lydia's two sisters are also patients of yours. You've worked with their family for the past two years, ever since Lydia's father was murdered in their home, right in front of his three daughters. All things considered, Lydia was dealing with it the best. She had found an outlet in art and music, and while it was helping her to heal, it had also set her apart from her younger sisters, who were quite far behind her in terms of recovery. This meant that Lydia was often alone, with only herself for company. Maybe that's why he was attracted to her, specifically. Maybe it was just luck that she would be the most withdrawn one. Maybe he was doing it on purpose, just to confuse you.

Lydia is quick to shake her head. "No. He says they'd be scared, so he doesn't let them see him." She chews on a nail, never looking up from her drawing. "I'm not scared of him, though. He's not mean. And he'd probably scare any bad guys away, so I don't mind him."

She's finished with her drawing. She puts her colored pencil down, in the pile with the rest of the colors she's used. All black and greys. You know just from that, but you still doubt it. You still *want* to doubt it. You keep yourself from looking at it as you flip the paper around, keeping your gaze firmly on Lydia's down-turned face as your lips form some words of encouragement. Your heart pounds as you force yourself to look down at the page. At his face.

At his black, black eyes.

You finish the session. Tuck the picture away and chat with Lydia for another twenty minutes until her aunt comes to pick her up. Stuff about school and a boy whose been stealing her orange juice at lunch. You weren't all there, so you don't really remember.

It's not until Lydia is gone that you slide the picture back out from under the pile of books on the table. You don't take your eyes off it as you cross the room, open the bottom drawer of your desk. Take out the file with frayed edges and no label. You don't open it right away. You lay the file side-by-side with the picture, and you sit there staring for a good half hour.

And then you laugh. Who were you, to think you had lost him? To think he ever lost track of any of you? He had lost interest in you, maybe thought you no longer needed him. But he always kept an eye on his favorites. His chosen.

Sure, you could say you were hoping you were just overreacting. That he had been just a product of an overactive imagination. That these incidents were just odd, but unrelated. But you knew. You knew.