"Sally, we really need to talk about our relationship."

Me and my girlfriend were standing in the middle of a bloody crime scene. She just murdered a old ww2 veteran in his home by poisoning his tea.

I have to admit, she was getting better and better with the killings. The poison she used would soon dissolve in the blood of the victim and the tea, making his death look like a normal cardiac arrest. Something normal for a 90 year old.

Her first kill was really clumsy. She ambushed a middle aged office worker in his apartment. The struggle which ensued took several minutes, alamred the neighbours and left a mountain of evidence. She barely escaped.

It was like watching a toddler making his first steps.

But at that day when we first saw each other, we knew we were destined to be together. So I helped cover her trails and showed taught her the skills of a master assassin I reaped years ago.

And now we were standing here, while I held her in my arms.

"What about it?"

"Darling, I love you and I really wish to spend more time with you. But the killings are getting a little bit overboard. I mean, this guy didnt deserved to die, neither did his time actually come. With this you are creating more unnecessary work for me."

"But thats the only way I can see you. You are always working and have close to zero free time."

She was right. 

Many people think that the Grim Reaper is a single person, living since the begin of time. In reality we are a line of different persons. Each one of us was chosen by special criterias. And once we took the job we would work almost non stop for decades till we retired with the riches we "confiscated" from people who didnt need it anymore.

I was stroking trough her long blonde hair when I had an idea.

"Sally, how about you only kill those guys who are creating more unnecessary work for me?"

"You mean bad girls like me?"

"Exactly, serial killers, hitmen, mob bosses and their members. The scum of society nobody really needs. With this I could actually spend more time with you."

She smiled.

"Sounds good, but I will have to travel alot for this my sweet Reaper."

"Dont worry, I got this covered. Just see it as a opportunity to travel around the world with me."