"A man beyond his years is no man at all"  is the phrase so often used to discourage those of us that overstay our welcome.   The only fools to utter such words are those distant from when society deems them to be unfit.    While it's true those like myself at our advanced ages have a harder time learning and adapting with the times  the very times the "young" enjoy were only possible on the backs of the outdated like myself.


The shuttle transports me to work everyday and this one is no different.   The stares I get from the familiar faces  followed by them whispering to the ones I am not.  I know what they are saying.  Going on about how selfish I am.   The truth is I would happily end my life as they so desire just for one last breath of fresh Earth air.   But those days are gone and are never coming back  that beautiful planet is nothing more than a wasteland and I one of the few still alive to have ever lived on our true home.


Greed destroyed our home.  I guess its partly my fault and maybe its that greed that makes me choose not to terminate, maybe they are right.  I ponder with my eyes fixated now onto the floor.   The speakers announce my stop as the shuttle pod lands.   Just like every other day which feels like a eternity I step off and go to work.


Today I find myself working with Malik a kind young man just under two hundred Earth years of age.  He reminds me of my son so long ago and unlike most he is kind and tolerant to me.   We chatter for a bit back and forth nothing of import nothing seemingly is anymore.    He enjoys listening to my stories of the past,  I know this not because I am some old rambling man thinking what I have to say should be heard but rather he asks me  and he is the only one to do so for ages.


G55-1033Q  that damned old vessel is acting up again and it's our job to once again repair it.  Malik naturally makes a wise crack of how it's almost as old as me every-time it sits before us.    My eyebrow raises as I turn to Malik  recalling that the vessel was to be decommissioned last time we saw it.   Malik just shrugged it off  only leaving me to secretly wonder if this was my memory slipping.


The long repairs of the thermium drive were completed on schedule.  The only thing left was to give it a test flight.   Typically my job  Malik  hops up like a child excitedly begging to fly the old relic.   It's less work for me who am I to argue?  As he boards I walk back to the hanger's control panel.  The platform  raises and the G55-1033Q with Malik aboard reaches ground level. 


But Malik never got to fly.  The moment Malik transferred power to the thermium drive the largest explosion my old ears ever heard dropped me where I stood.   There was nothing left of Malik his entire existence erased in a single moment.
I have seen yet another person I care for die.  It never gets easier.   I miss Malik already.


Shortly after without time to even morn the loss of my friend I find myself in-front of the council explaining what happened but with no explanation onto why.  Everything checked out whatever caused was not myself or Malik's doing the pre-flight test logs confirmed it.   This didn't stop the council from passing the blame to me and bringing up my age.   One by one the five of them berated me and questioned why I was still even around.   They seem more angry that I am alive than losing Malik or that damn vessel.


As night begins to fall I like always board the shuttle.   The stares and whispers all return  and now they have yet another reason to hate me.    Anyone of them could owe their very existence to me.  It's been so long since I talked to someone I could truly call family.   Anyone of them could be my descendant and they wouldn't know or care and treat me just the same.  I miss my wife, my son, my grand kids,  and their children  but with each generation born the care for me faded and when it became my "time"  I had no one.  Truthfully the only person that even cared for me was Malik and he too is gone now.


When I reach home I go straight to my only possession of worth.  Smuggled in and a hefty sentence if I was ever caught for having it.  Perhaps my last true friend.  I drink straight from the bottle the whiskey  flowing through my lips down my throat like a river.    As I walk to the medical cabinet  and pull "it" out.    The "gift" you get when you hit a that cursed age 


A kind reminder for you to die already. The deadly mixture within a syringe.  I took one last drink  as a bead of sweat runs down my brow.   The needle pressed against my arm.....