"But..but..I'm not a violent person. I.."

"Buddha we talked about this!", Satan screamed. "This isn't about principles. It's about fucking survival! Now man the 50 for fuck sake!"

"Shouldn't we wait for Mohammed?"

"You know exactly why he isn't here right now!"

FSM reloaded his M416. Satan threw the last of the dead soldiers from the technical. Their enemies arrived much earlier than expected. And this time they brought much more manpower than last time.

"Jesus, gogogogogo!!!"

Jesus hit the iron. And not a second too early. A giant horde of minions came from behind and the group barely managed to get away before they reached them. Satan opened fire with his ACE on the horde.

"Buddha, what are you waiting for??????"

"It's not working! I pull the trigger and nothing happens!"

"Did you release the safety catch?"

"The what?"

Satan pulled the switch down. The gun went live immediately and rained lead on their pursuers.

"Roadblock ahead!!!"

The minions near the barricade were installing a machinegun. Without second thought Satan took his RPG and fired the rocket at them, turning them into a smoldering mess of burned meat and metal.

"Good thing I wished for a rocketlauncher for christmas."

FSM was fumbling on his notebook meanwhile.

"We need to find another hideout till we are finished with our preparations. This incident here is going to throw us back for months. And...OH SHIT! TANK! TANK! GET OUT!!!!!!"

A T90 took position in front of them. The group barely managed to jump out before the main gun blew their car away. Satan lifted his rocketlauncher again and fired at the tank.

The rocket exploded and left only some burn marks on the hull.

"Fucking reactive armor man...."

The group sprinted away while the tank fired his machinegun at them. They found cover behind a large boulder.

"All right chaps, check your weapons and ammo. I still got 200 rounds for my M60. FSM?"

"6 mags for my M416."

Satan reloaded the RPG.

"3 mags for my ACE and 2 rockets."

Buddha pulled out a Kolibri.

"What the fuck?????"

"It was the cutest gun I've ever seen. I couldn't just let it go to waste."

They were interrupted by someone clapping behind them.

"Magnificent! This story will be the blockbuster of this season!"

Entertainment was standing in front of them. Behind him a platoon of his minions, armed to the teeth.

"Now, would you kindly drop your weapons? And whatever Buddha is holding in his hand."

The group did as they were told.

"How did you find us?"

"Do you really think hiding in a jungle would save you? Even tough Internet has his main power in the large cities doesn't mean he can't work together with Technology."

Satan rolled his eyes.

"Of course....and let me guess: Outrage recruited millions of his followers which you could send against us as expandable canonfodder?"

"You got it!"

Entertainment was smiling.

"The times of the old gods is over. Even tough you don't want to accept it. People don't worship you anymore, they don't follow your principles because they are boring! Who would seriously pursue virtues when they can have satisfy all of their lowly needs with just a few clicks and numb their conscience with media? So it's not dear Jesus, hail Satan or praise FSM anymore. It's Consum now and follow Entertainment."

Entertainment gave a signal and the minions put them into chains.

"But don't worry. We have a nice and cozy prison cell for you. And don't think anyone would come to save you. Pfff, what kind of sane person asks Odin or Ares for help nowadays?"