I held her in my bony grip.  "Elizabeth," I whispered through the ether, "Hold on."

"What's going on?" she screamed, half in horror, hanging from the cliff seemingly suspended by nothing, "Let me go!  I want to die!"

Deep below her there lay jagged metal spikes, the remains of an insurance building mostly destroyed by a nearby atomic blast. 

"Lizzie," I said, using the term I knew her mother had used before she succumbed to radiation sickness, "You're not alone.  There are others.  Trust me, keep walking, and you'll reach the settlement soon."

"I'm crazy," she cried, tears falling from her eyes while trying to wriggle from my grip, I was limited in what I could do.  If she wanted to die then I couldn't really stop her.  I found out that I could change their minds though.

"Elizabeth Darlene Simmons," I growled, cheating by using her mother's own voice, "Did I wander the wastelands for you to kill yourself?  Did I fight off those mutants for you to just waste your life?"

"M-mom?" she said, her struggle lessening, "I want to be with you, mom."

"You can," I continued using the voice as I slowly began pulling her up, only because she was letting me, "But not now, Lizzie.  You have to live.  You have to find the others - fight, live, raise a family.  Mankind must continue."

"Why, momma?" she asked and the question struck me like a fist.

"Because," I said with her voice, then I switched back to mine as I answered truthfully, "Death sucks.  There is nothing beyond.  Only darkness and nothing.  I should know for I guide the souls to the door and have seen nothing beyond."

"Who are you, really?" she asked, and to my surprise she allowed me to pull her to the top of the cliff fully.

"Death, child," I said, "I am the personification of Death.  I am... afraid."

"Don't worry," Lizzie said, her eyes narrowing as she held my hand tighter now, "I won't let go. Not as long as I have a friend."

I relaxed and held her hand.  Together we walked across the barren landscape toward the waiting settlement.   For some reason I wasn't afraid anymore.