This had always been his home turf. No matter how loud and unruly Mom and Jim's fighting had gotten, or how relentless Tim, Landon and the other pricks at school had been, or how often Maria ignored his messages, Vlad had always found his peace and refuge deep inside the caves.

His psychiatrist had told his doting mother time and time again that it was natural for vampiric boys to cling to the dark and unknown, even with the mitigating effects of his new medication. Vlad's eyeliner was quickly forgotten about and thrown away, but he never gave up his beloved caves. Like clockwork, every night after he sucked down a Sanguish smoothie and popped a Nosferatin he made his way to the caves after Jim had passed out in an alcohol-induced stupor and Mom's sniffles had died down.

Every time he started a new expedition, he got nostalgic. Channeling all his cognitive power to focus on the task at hand, Vlad climbed deeper and deeper down into the cave as his colleagues heaved, sweat and groaned trying to keep up with him. His preternatural grace, appearing to effortlessly rappel down among the stalactites and grotesque spiders, stunned the Chinese squadron of cave experts and spelunking enthusiasts.

All of a sudden, the cave ended. Nothing special, no marker or landmark to indicate that the journey was finished. Solid ground. Legends, myth, folklore all told the tale of Tso Ling Cave, where no one had dared ventured into for years in fear of the creature that lay inside.

The rest of the team finally caught up with Vlad, now standing in awkward silence as he pondered his next course of action. Looking up, down and all around, there was nothing of interest to write home about.

Vlad sniffed.

*Cigarettes?*

"Hey asshole, you wanna come into my cave huh? Well, I'm not opening shit until you get a warrant."

The cacophonous sound of an ancient dialect of a long-forgotten Chinese language made Vlad shriek in terror, wondering where the sound could be coming from.

Vladimir Johnson was found dead at the bottom of Tso Ling cave, with the expedition team reporting that he had requested to be left there in order to "find himself".

With no warrant, no way of understanding the Unholy One, and no more caves to spelunk, Vlad weeped for his mother and hoped that Maria would come to his funeral.

He had always wanted this.

As he poured his entire bottle of Nosferatin down his throat, gagging on the massive 30mg pills, everything began to go dark.

He was home.