Mr Jacobs, the only tinkerer in town, is always amazed when he comes round to check on me in the evenings, just a minute or two shy of seven o’clock. 

“I don’t know how you do it, Gillian,” he says, while I’m meticulously clearing my worktable, packing away the toolbox he’s provided for me. “There’s no way you can tell the time in here, but you always seem to know your schedule to the minute. One day, you’ve got to tell me how you do it!”

I always smile, and try to laugh it off. Sometimes, when I’m feeling loquacious, I tell him that it’s just a gut feeling I have, which I cannot fully describe, explain.

I’m lying, of course.

Of course I can tell the time. I tell it through a hundred ways – the sound of the front door as it creaks shut, signalling the end of the workday. Or the sizzling of oil from the chopshop two doors down, as the chefs fry dinner for the workmen returning from the mines. Or even, if the day is especially quiet, the sound of the crickets as they rouse from their daytime slumber, eager to begin their nightly concerts.

These are all sounds which Mr Jacobs, like everyone else, takes for granted. I don’t have that luxury.

He presses today’s pay into my hands. “I’ll pay you more when business picks up,” he says, patting my head, “god knows you’re ten times more helpful than all the other crappy apprentices I've had. You deserve it!”

Mr Jacobs walks me to the door, though he doesn’t know I’ve never needed his help since the first day he’s shown me around. Not for the first time he offers again to walk me home, but I politely decline.

“I’ve got plans tonight!" I find myself saying, relishing a rare moment of sincerity. 

Said plans were crafted that very afternoon, when I overheard the idle chatter drifting in from the main hall. The customers' tones were hushed, respectful, but I had heard enough.

Henry Stillerson, one of the miners living on the fringes of town, had unfortunately perished in the mines, some accident of sorts. The insurance company had paid out handsomely, and the family was away this weekend, tending to his funeral in the next town, his birthplace.

Which meant that his hut, in this town, would be empty tonight.

Perfect.

Home for me was a tiny attic I had rented in the local tavern. Rent was cheap, probably on account of my age, and you know, my infirmities. It was dark, stuffy, and during winters it really got quite unbearable. I lay on the mattress, conserving my energy for the night ahead, drifting in and out of a bland, dreamless sleep.

When the sound of the main tavern door scraped across the floor, coupled with the crackling of the extra logs which the proprietor threw on the fireplace just before he retired for the night, I knew it was time, and I sprang out of bed, ready to go.

Who needed clocks when habits helped people keep time so much better?

Every gritty fault of the attic paled in comparison with the shining beacon of an advantage it offered – I could exit it at will without people knowing. The windowpane on the far side facing the street yawned open as I gently applied pressure. 

My sling bag bounced against my back as my feet carried me pitter-patter across the rooftops. Learning this particular path had been difficult initially, especially since many of the tiles lay in disrepair. It had taken me the better part of the month before I had fixed up this passageway through the skies, gluing back loose tiles, straightening cornices, righting chimney-tops.

I knew I had arrived when I heard the babbling of a nearby brook. More than once I’d heard the mothers about town fuss about this part of town, the very edge where the town ended and the forested woods began, and whether their children had snuck off to play in the waters again.

Slipping down to street level, I paused, pricking my ears for cries of alarm, other unusual sounds. Satisfied, I felt my way over to the door, retrieved my trusty oil-bottle from my bag, then liberally bathed the hinges with lubricant. A set of self-fashioned lockpicks later, and I was in.

Why steal, when I had a good, stable job? It wasn’t the money, really. But the sense of thrill, of purpose... it was a drug I savoured, a freedom I could not possibly believe myself capable of experiencing. That first time I walked around in someone’s home, I was unchained! Not merely just as able as my fellow man, but something more!

The feather in my cap was figuring out that other people couldn’t remember what they had if you simply tidied up everything for them. It sounds silly when you say it out loud, but it’s true. Mrs Lamway, for example, hardly noticed her silver candelabra missing after she squandered all her attention at how clean and tidy her home had become. The others were the same.

On my knees, feeling my way about, it became clear that the Stillerson family had left in a hurry. Various household objects were strewn about the floor, and I quickly lapsed into my routine, tidying up, righting the furniture, putting away the odds and ends. I wasn’t sure yet of what I would take tonight, but that could always come later.

And there I was, pride before fall, positively suffocating in my own smugness, when I heard the voice call from the top of the staircase.

“Who’s there?”

Like a toy soldier out of juice, I froze where I stood, two cups in my right hand, an old newspaper in my other. My mind was furiously spinning, unable to believe that I had been caught. But I was so quiet, I thought, there was no one anyway could have heard me!

The sound of little feet beat upon the staircase, as my apprehender descended. “Who’s there,” he repeated, “what are you doing here?”

Guile and cunning, they abandoned me there and then. “Nothing much,” I blurted out, already cursing my lack of eloquence, “I’m just… er… here to help tidy up your hall. It was pretty messy.”

I expected a shout, or a cry for help. I expected the boy to turn and run. I expected him to do many things, except, possibly, to squeal.

“Oh my goodness, it’s true, it’s true! The Fixer Fairy is real! Wait there, please, wait there! I’ve got something for you to fix!”

He scampered off, and I know I should have taken the opportunity to turn around and run. I should have abandoned my plans right there, notched a shameful mark on my belt to remember the time I could have done better, and moved on.

But honestly, who could turn away after being called a Fixer Fairy? I don’t know about you, but my pride wouldn’t allow it.

“Listen here,” I hissed, when I heard him come back down the staircase, “what’s this Fixer Fairy nonsense? I’m a cat burglar, an accomplished agent of the night. If anyone is to call me anything, my name is the Slender Shadow!” 

I puffed up my chest then - it had taken me far too long to come up with that name, and damned if I wasn't going to keep repeating it.

“That’s what everyone is calling you, the Fixer Fairy! You come at night, you make things better, then you take a small token of payment for the good you’ve done!”

I didn’t need an escape plan. I needed a PR agent.

“Look, kid,” I said, “call me anything you want, but if people find out I’m here, my wings, er, they’ll fall right off, see? So I need you go back up, go back to sleep, and I’ll be gone before you know i-”

Something had been niggling at the back of my mind, and it only then rose to the surface, bursting like a ripe bubble from the depths of a swamp.

“Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Isn’t your whole family supposed to be out of town?”

“Oh, we were supposed to be, but mummy said it was hard to take me to see grandpa and grandma, so I had to stay home instead. She said it’s just a short visit, and she would be back soon… and yes, that reminds me! Can you fix this for me?”

He hands over a square box, and my practiced fingers discern its value almost immediately.

“Cool, you don’t find transistor radios around here often. What’s wrong with it?”

“It’s not been working for a couple of days! And it’s important for me to listen, because daddy told me that when the programs say it’s the beginning of March, that’s when I’ll know he’s back from his work assignment! He promised me that this time, he’ll bring me out to town, show me around, help me remember my way around town! I’m almost good enough to do it myself, really, but the noises still confuse me sometimes.”

The penny, as it were, began to drop. In my mind’s eye, I saw it spinning lazily, twirling as it soundlessly cavorted through the air. So that’s how he heard me, even when I was being so very quiet.

“Sure, I can fix it for you. But I can’t come back here to hand it back to you, not when your mum’s back. So tell me, kid, will you recognise me on the street if I pass by you?”

The kid laughs, undeterred by the difficulties lying ahead. “Sure! I’m actually quite good with faces! You’ll just have to give me time!”

He cleans his hands hastily on his pants, then reaches out tentatively, confirming my suspicions. He walks towards the sound of my voice, and I go down on one knee. His hands find my face, and they gently, carefully, map out the contours, the ridges, the hills, the valleys.

I do the same. I’m much better than he is, with my years of practice. My nimble fingers flit across his face, and his face is committed to memory.

I stand up quickly before he can feel the brimming tears spill over.

“Hey, kid. If, for whatever reason, your dad’s not back to bring you out to town, I can do that too, ok? Trust me, I've had some time to learn this town, and I've got a few tips and tricks you would find useful.”

“Oh my god, really? I can’t wait to tell my friends that the Fixer Fairy’s my friend!”

I spin him around, push him back up the staircase. 

“No, you may not ever call me that in public,” I said in my sweetest voice, “I will wring your neck. You may, however, call me Gillian.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny
