I was a troubled young man; not to say most aren't, in some way, but I can admit that my emotions controlled me for quite some time. They gripped me, crushing, grinding my soul to pulp. My father left when I was young, so young that the memories of him are a haze and his face could be anyone's, really. Mom fought to keep me fed and comfortable for a few years until cancer took her.

With them gone, I was turned over to my grandmother. Just a boy, who'd lost both his parents, and was dropped into an old house full of musty things that seemed pointless and boring. I grew frustrated. I stayed out late, left early, sometimes never even bothering to come home. Sleepovers and dinners with friends felt like I was slipping into another life where things were normal. She once tried to have a conversation with me about my parents, when I was about twelve, and I smashed an antique vase before storming out, leaving her to sit amongst the shattered pieces of glazed rust in silence.

When I was seventeen, I finally ran. Stayed with a friend's family, where I pretended to belong, even though I didn't know how. I skipped college and remained nomadic until I had a job that was enough to pay the bills, even if barely. Alexandria had too many haunted memories for me, so I moved to Dallas, and got by somehow. 

I thought of her more and more as I entered my early twenties, about how I'd treated her. The way I'd lashed out so much at her when she was the closest family I had, and was just doing her best. I wanted to go back and visit, see how she was doing, or even just call, but... I could never find it in myself. The guilt mixed with what she reminded me of, even when I'd grown up a bit, made it hard to overcome my indignance.

I was twenty-four when the call came. Heart failure, they said, when she was showering. There was no one in the home with her, so she couldn't call for help. She died alone, *because* she was alone. Because I'd left her alone.

------

That brings me to now. Her funeral ended a few minutes ago, and I felt sick attending, like a murderer hiding in the shadows of grief. A thankless asshole that spurned a kind old woman who tried to help me when I was lost.

I've been hovering over her Facebook profile for some time now; I never accepted her friend request, since I bitched so much in my statuses about her as a kid, but I need to know. I need to see what she had to say about me and how I affected her.

So I clicked on her name, and scrolled a bit. The last post was three weeks ago, a photo.

A photo of me as a little boy, that had seventeen thousand likes. The caption read:

>I miss my sweet Dane so much these days. He's a kind young man, I know, and I feel that he'll visit me soon. I'll have his favorite apple pie waiting when he does. Love, grandma.

There were dozens, maybe hundreds more, statuses saying she loved me, pictures she'd got of me through family friends. I had to stop when my vision started to blur through tears. 

Clutching my phone, I bowed my head. There was no apple pie, but I smelled it. How can a person love someone so shitty, without ever faltering? I wanted to ask her that, and many other questions. 

But I couldn't.

*/r/resonatingfury*