**The Father of a Galaxy:**

Humanity was wrong when we believed that the creation of FTL would be the thing that would propel us through "The Great Filter" that philosophers and scientists both believed was the greatest test that we would face when leaving our home system. That with FTL travel we would and could survive among the stars. But it was not to be, for we were still humanity, still following the biological and social constructs of "Us versus Them" and in the end even with unlimited untapped resources at our disposal, enough energy, food, and technology that there should not have been any reason to fight, but we still did. 

We sealed ourselves off in our ivory tower to prevent the virus' that were spread between all colony worlds claimed humanity but that would not be enough, our one station could not be the last place that humanity existed when there were once close to 70 planets in 50 systems that held humanity safely. But it was true there were ten of us left. Now, thirty-eight thousand years later there is only me. 

I sit at the window to my room, that was once a meeting room, and gaze out at the stars, even to this day I am amazed at the wonders that the galaxy holds. Today I have visitors, as I often do when I am home, leaders and other important people of a dozen different civilizations that I helped reach the stars and avoid the true Great Filter that left me an orphan and the soul inheritor to a dead civilization. 

The Androxi with their unblinking eyes and gaunt limbs give their regards and fill me in about their great games, and the founding of a new colony in the system near a newly discovered pre-FTL culture that they hope to make one of my 'grandchildren'. 

The Sha'an, short Kobold like people fill me in with the new technology that they are developing to help them travel to one of the neighboring galaxies in search of new children or grandchildren to assist. They brought with them a singer who performed a couple of Arias that were always my favorites of their people. 

The Onagari with their pressure suits that allow them to interact with the majority of other species, fills me in on the completion of a Dyson Sphere that now makes all of my children a Type 2 civilization as they continue to build the spheres around stars. Then they tell me about the medical advances that will allow them to walk around without their suits and finally interact face to face with all the children. 

Each representative of my children, each civilization comes and shares news and their cultures with me and each other one at a time. A hundred different memories are made. But I am not long for this world. I taught all of them how to expand beyond the cradle of their home worlds to find peace in the company and in their differences, and just as importantly in the differences of others. I only wish there was someone like that for humanity that we would have listened to. 

They look at me as I would look at my father, full of wisdom and experience that I do not understand. Maybe if i should I follow his lessons I will never have to experiencethe same pains he once did. Now it is up to them to take up the mantle and find others that were once like them, to become mothers and fathers, to find children of their own, and to help others pass through The Great Filter.

For too long I traveled at near light speed. I have lived so long that my own civilization is now a myth, a tomb that has degraded, been covered by both flora and dust. My children will find and research and study. They will see our sins and hopefully never repeat the mistakes of humanity. Hopefully the Legacy of humanity will be that the last of the humans ushered in an epoch of life and peace from the ashes of self-destruction. 

My closest friend holds my hand as I start to fade. Finally joining the stars and the ones I left behind. "How long have I put off the death of humanity, my friend?" I ask in a weary voice. 

"It has been thirty-eight thousand of your Home Worlds years since your species died out. You've lived a great life, Father, now it's time to let your children grow without you." She says to me.

I look out the window and into the sea of stars. A flash of light as a comet passes by. I shut my eyes to join my ancestors. 

-Edit, repetitive sentence.