After two millennia of torment, as he watched every single person he ever cared for wither away, Lazarus' faith was broken.

At first he was overjoyed. He could see his family again. He spared no chances to show them his love, and lived a life of no regrets.

He made sure he would be ready to embrace death once his time comes.

But years have passed, then decades, and Lazarus felt healthy and full of life just as much as on the day when he crawled out of the tomb, summoned by the Lord.

One by one, his family aged and died. The village folk started avoiding him. Nobody ever antagonized him - he was a man blessed by the Lord himself, after all - but he started noticing quiet whispers behind his back. People turning their heads away.

Eventually, there was nobody left to remember the day of the miracle. Nobody, but Lazarus.

He became a freak of nature in the eyes of others. Eventually, Lazarus decided to move on, and left his village.

He travelled far, searching for a place he could call home. He fell in love once again, raised a new family... Just to watch them age and die.

It was then when he realized that his blessing became a curse. He prayed night and day for the Lord to release him from this world, to no avail. Then, one night, he dreamed of a voice. The voice only uttered three words. 

"Not your time."

He cried until morning. He suffered greatly, but the promise of salvation at the end of the road gave him hope and strength to keep going.

And so Lazarus lived. Lifetime after lifetime, he travelled far and wide, never staying in one place for too long, never again seeking love or family. Not understanding his purpose and testing his faith every step of the way.

Centuries have passed. Lazarus witnessed kingdoms and empires rise and fall. He fled from wars, and he fought in some. He saw humanity slaughtering each other in the name of the Lord time after time. He enjoyed humanity reach heights of culture and science never seen before.

He waited, patiently, for the Lord to reveal his purpose before him... But amidst the clash of steel and rumble of civilisations crumbling, there was only silence.

2 millennia later, his restless soul struggled. Lazarus saw humanity turn against the Lord, and embrace the cold comfort of technology. 

Lazarus felt it too. His heart hardened and became sour, his mind rallied with cynicism. All these years, he followed his faith strictly. But tonight, he decided to damn himself. Suicide was against the will of the Lord. The gates of Seven Heavens would be forever shut before him.

Sighting deeply, he pulled the trigger. 

Lazarus woke up from a dreamless slumber. Faint taste of blood reminded him, what he did. He should not be alive... Unless...

He opened his eyes. His head exploded with pain. Recognizing his apartment, he walked to the bathroom.

Lazarus looked at the mirror. 

"No...NO!" He cried. There he was, standing in his blood drenched clothes, with a fresh scar on the side of his head. He fell to his knees, broken. "Why?! To what end must I go through this torment? Lord, I beg thee! Answer me!"

The room suddenly exploded with sound. Lightbulbs popped with a loud crack, the mirror broke into a thousand shards. Lazarus collapsed into darkness.

The last thing his consciousness heard was the voice. "LAZARUS... MY MOST FAITHFUL... YOU HAVE PROVEN THE EXTENT OF STRENGHT... AND WEAKNESS... OF HUMAN HEART... YOU ARE FREE."
