“The midwest is freezing, Washington is struggling to breathe under snow, my plan, my beautiful plan it’s all coming together” The intended recipients of this speech seemed to all be sleeping or in various stages of drifting off to sleep, Ares elbow rested on the point of his sword, with his large, fiery hand holding up the right side of his face. From the other side of the room, Poseidon, with one eye open, as he had a strange fascination with all of his creatures but especially dolphins, and as such occasionally chose to live like on, slept silently. The giver of the apparently sleep inducing speech began to rage,”Gods, how can you be so stupid, you claim to be the smartest of all beings yet you deny my genius and my schemes out of hand.” Zeus, opening his eyes, had a look of annoyance similar to one a camper has when woken by the sound of a far off bird, singing in a foreign language about something the camper has no interest in, said in an exasperated tone, “Macro, don’t get me wrong, you’re a very important god, but you can only change things over such a long span of time, whereas any of us can change things forever in a snap.” Demonstrating, Zeus snapped his fingers, and far off, a thunderbolt was heard, a bright flash seen, and a man lay dead, soon to be discovered by his somewhat relieved parents. With a tone of arrogance Zeus continued, “Macro do you know what I just did?” Before Macro could answer Zeus continued, “I just killed a future serial killer, that kid’s been torturing animals since he was nine, and probably would’ve killed someone real soon. How would you have solved that problem? Maybe you would have made his town a little warmer, but even then it would take a thousand years and many innocent people would die. Face it, your “apocalypse” just makes the weather a little warmer, do you know how that would work? Let me explain it to you, a human genius would say ‘oh the earth’s a little hot, we should put less gas into the air maybe that would cool us down a bit’ and then your stupid apocalypse would be ended, and by a human no less. But, even if it worked it still wouldn’t kill everyone, they’d just adapt.” Ares, awoken by Zeus’s thundering voice had begun to nod, in agreement with Zeus, “My apocalypse would be way cooler and it’d actually work. No human could stop it.” Macro, getting more and more annoyed (It seems this rejection of his ideas was a very common occurrence on Mount Olympus) muttered under his breath, “That’s because you’re so stupid that there’d be nothing humans would have to stop, does he not remember his big ‘Red Scare” none of the humans nuked each other” Ares, either ignoring Macro’s words, or more likely, speaking too loudly to hear them, continued “Don’t you guys remember Pompei, IT WAS SO COOL. I plan to explode volcanoes all around the world, and make everyone ash!” Zeus, snorting, said “Do you forget that you’re god of WAR, whatever, my plan is obviously the best, a lightning storm to end all the storms.” With that Zeus adjourned Mount Olympus, with him, Ares, and Macro leaving. Ares went to check out his volcanoes, riding his flaming chariot. The first volcano was covered in snow, Ares frowned, then with his limited thinking capacity decided that was an anomaly, and went to the second volcano, which was also covered in snow. This worried Ares, Macro couldn’t be right could he?
