Through my mirrored shutter shades I can see him behind me, sitting smugly. So damn assured of himself. The council had been so assured, I'd been so assured. Matt Damon crying on Mars, Michael Fassbender as the father of the smartphone, and Bryan Cranston spending two hours and four minutes talking about how hard it is to be old, white and in Hollywood. What more did they want, but still the academy, the fool nominated Leo. The academy award selection board being the only society more secretive than us, there was nothing we could do. We spent days arguing in the council chamber beneath the Vietnamese massage parlour, and the conclusion was drawn.

The nuclear option. For the sake of western civilization I had to once more do the unthinkable. We knew what happened if the dark lord Leo put his hands around that Oscar, the prophecies had foretold the thousand years of darkness for twice that long. We would not, we could not let that happen. 

And I was the only one who could do it, just like the time i’d saved Taylor Swift from that team of snipers who I knew had a bead on her, but this I would save the world. 
Cate Blanchett pulls out the envelope, and tears it. She pauses her hand hovering. Bryan Cranston is tweeting, Matt Damon is whimpering softly. 

She says the evil bastards name. Before she can get to his last name he’s out of his seat gunning for the stage. 
But I’m out faster, he sees me going for the golden figure and speeds up, but I’m the greatest, and I wish I wasn’t. I can hear the cruel words Barrack said about me ringing in my ears again, echoing like they do every night before I go to sleep,

Leo sprints the last 5 steps, and lunges at Blanchet who drops the award flinching away, he dives for his precious, there’s no way I can make it. But Jesus owed Yeezus one.
He fumbles it, I roll onto the stage snatching it as I do coming upright with the award in my right hand. I grab Blanchett's microphone and speak those damn words.

“Yo, Leo, I'm really happy for you, I'ma let you finish, but Damon had one of the best films of all time! One of the best films of all time!”
With that I turn and sprint, I can hear his footsteps pounding after me, I burst into the lobby. A lightning storm of camera flashes, the sweet siren's call of fans wanting to tell me I’m great but I block it out. He’s screaming behind me, every shout growing huskier, approaching his final form. 

An elderly Armenian woman is walking into the theatre from outside and I bowl her over and leap to the street, praying she tripped him up for only a second. Cars headlights whiz past like shooting pairs of shooting stars in the darkness. 
I hear the roar from behind me and risk the look back. Halfway into his transformation, his body swollen to the point his tux lay in tattered rags behind him, thick claws from his hand fingernails and sprouting from his feet, his maw extending and hair over inch of his body. 

I keep sprinting. Headlights blur, camera’s flash. Each breath scorches my threat coming in and going out but I only sprint harder. Once he’s all bear there’s no way I’ll be able to keep ahead of him, but I see it before me. The swooping arch of the Hollywood Freeway rising above the cities roads, I sprint up the off ramp in the middle of the street, cars behind me intermediately honking and snapping photos. I hears screaming and the pounding of claws on asphalt. 

Without looking I spring across 8 lanes and stand at the end, panting for air. Cars swerve smashing into each other behind me. I hear one brakes scream and then slam, but without the harsh metallic crunch of engines against bumpers. I turn already knowing what I’ll see and there he is, his final form. Leonardo Dicaprio having so convincingly acted a bear, he is one. He screams in pain at me. Not at the thousand pounds of twisted steel wrapped round his body he shrugs off like a sweater, but at being denied the touch of his precious. He stands of his hind legs and bellows. I step up onto the edge of the freeway lip. 60 mile an hour traffic whizzing belong, he reaches a paw and moans. But I have to. I close my eyes

“Good morning, look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean”

and fall back, he swipes one great claw that rips my $300 white shirt but it isn’t enough, I plummet back and the last thing I see is the look of pain in those fuckers eyes.

 
