Confused...I guess that how I felt. I woke up in a white room. You know, they ones you find in your typical psychiatric wards. Except this room was made from a sleek marble-like material. To be truthful, I expected to wake up in hell. That's what my parents told me would happen to people to commit suicide. That's the last thing I remember, the ground coming up to me faster and faster until it was all a blur. Then darkness. I felt nothing. No pain. No regret. I swear I died right there...but whatever, that not the point. I just don't know where I am and I'm...

"Arise young one"

The voice resonated throughout the room and a ominous chill swept over me. Now I was confused...and fucking terrified. 

"Stop fucking with me, show yourself" I barely spewed out

The tone of the mysterious voice shifted. It became warm and gentle, like it was caressing me in blankets fresh out the dryer. 

"Take a breath young one. I'm not here to hurt you", laughed out the mysterious voice.

"Then show yourself", I demanded.

And so he did. I felt a tap behind my shoulder. I jumped backwards and my jaw dropped. Standing before me a kid. He couldn't be no more than 7. He giggling hard. I was shocked. I couldn't believe that it was THIS kid, who did what he just did.

Stuttering I asked him, "Was that you who I was talking to just now?"

His demeanor switch up...

"No" the kid stated in a much more mild manner.

"Then who did?" I asked with my teeth clenched"

I've really had enough, this must be some fucked up joke or something. I just wanted to go home in sleep in my bed. I can still do that right? There is no way I died jumping of that building. This must be some kind of nightmare...right?

"This is no nightmare...you died as soon as you hit the floor" whispered the grim child.

That pushed me over the edge. I lunged toward the child but was pushed on my knees. I tried over and over and over again until I knees were a bloody mess

"Fuck this all" I barely managed out.

I was choking on my words. Tears were pouring out my eyes. I was helpless...I never wanted to be alive more than I did now. 

"You have a chance" said a deep voice 

My next snapped up and there was a man, kneeling where the child once stood. And in front of him was a tablet. On it it read my name...

ROMAN WILSON BERKOWITZ
17 YEARS OLD
SUICIDE
KARMA: 3,429 points 

"What the hell is this...and who the hell are you?" I said harshly.

"I'm am just a messenger and this is your opportunity to fix your mistakes" said the man in a monotone voice

I approached the screen and saw a button that read 

"USE POINTS" 

I tapped it 

And before my eyes came up three options. It was overwhelming. I couldn't believe it. I really thought I was part of a sick joke. The options read as

1. Come back to life 
2.Continue to the afterlife
3.Start over

"Start over?" I asked the man 

"Press the button and you will be sent back to birth. You will have the opportunity to fix your mistakes and live an entirely life with new experiences...good and bad" 

I reached out for it... but I stopped. Did I really want to live through life again. I mean look where it got me. My life was the reason I ended it. It was a shitty fucking place. No one cares about me and I don't think if a new life would change that. But you never know...maybe I become the next billionaire, or maybe a genius, or maybe I even find the cure to cancer!! I can start with a clean slate and fix all my mistakes. But again it's no guarantee. 

"If I come back to life where will I be?" I inquired.

"In the hospital, recovering from your injuries. Then you will continue with life as it was"

Wow that seemed like such a shitty option. Why the fuck would I go back to that hell. No one gave two shits about me. This guy is crazy for even suggesting that. My friends, my brother, my stepdad...they made my lives a living hell. My stepdad made my mother's life hell too. I'm surprised she didn't kill herself yet. She always told me that she did it for me, like I was supposed to know what the fuck that meant. I'm gonna miss her. Maybe I should go back and give her a reason to keep going. I love her a lot. But fucked everything else. Is it really worth it though? To back to that hell...

"What about the afterlife option?" I asked him 

He was silent for a while. I thought I made him made but he piped up.

"Well my friend...your afterlife depends on your Karma points." said the mysterious man.

"Do I have enough to go to a good place?" I asked eagerly

"I cannot tell you that. If you think you do, you can try. But know this...if you have too little, you're afterlife won't be the fantasy your Sunday school has told you all about." Said the mysterious man.

I stared at the screen for, what seemed like an eternity. I moved my finger towards the screen slowly. Then I tapped on the button. I was shaking, but I really felt like I made the right choice. I smiled and felt almost relived. 

"Are you sure about this young one?" Inquired the mysterious man as he rose up and walked towards me.

"Fuck yeah I am" I reply with a smile. 
 
The mysterious man chuckled and the room began to spin. It kept spinning faster and faster until I couldn't take a breath. I fell backwards on to the floor and everything went dark. 