The smell of burning permeated once again. Not of familiar brimstone but of distant, foreign suffering. At the dawn of time, the Foremother Catalhoyuk laid to rest and her body became the material plane. An ancient dragon, one of the few remaining daughters of the Foremother, gradually unfastened her eyelids from the deepest of slumbers. Lights flickered across her immaculate scales, the shatters of glass-like substance resounding in her chamber as she lifted her weary head.

What an ugly stench it was that greeted her nostrils. As always, it came from above... for centuries humanity had inhabited the world on the surface, their growth and prosperity grand in scale. Perhaps too much so. Auramazda the Watcher, out of the remaining daughters, was the only one to have any form of connection to them. It was not something she wished for, rather it was a responsibility given to her by the Foremother. A fate she could not defy nor escape.

Her cavern was massive, even her own colossal form taking up only a fraction of its chamber space. Lined across every wall, the entirety of the ceiling and a majority of the floor, a bright ocean of fantastic crystals were spread everywhere. They glimmered like stars in the night sky. These photonic crystals shone light perpetually, light that conveyed to her the knowledge of all things. About the world above, about humanity and their endeavors. Their triumphs... and their sins. These crystals, that were her home for eternity, were constructs that documented the history of the world. And she was the reluctant archivist.

It was far too long ago, to recall when Auramazda had last seen them as a subject of interest. It only took millennia since the beginning of life to realize how obscene and obtuse these creatures were. They reveled in greed and gluttony, embraced their carnal desires, thrived on the lust for conflict. Countless wars over pointless beliefs and meager disagreements, that ravaged the land that the Foremother's body had offered to them. Auramazda was forced to witness all of this over the years, decades and centuries. At first, she felt pity. Then she felt anger, and sorrow, and grief for the humans. The cycle continued until even her compassionate spirit grew dull to the emotions. Dullness eroded into roughness. It worsened into contempt. Yet even those feelings have since died out... all that was left was a void. She cared not for these creatures anymore. For all she believed in, they were welcome to prosper and snuff themselves out for as long as she lay dormant down here.

As she chose to ignore the latest projections of the crystals and hunker down for her next year-long nap, a sheer crackling roused her enough to momentarily abstain from such plans. In the most drastic movement she's made in centuries, she raised her head up fully and bore witness to what could only be considered a miracle. Fragments of crystal matter tumbled down a recess in the cavern wall opposite to her, and along with the mess of shards was...

A single human.

Clad in smoldered armor and dried blood, the filthy creature rolled onto the smooth granite floor and spluttered his horrid rust-colored blood across the pristine rock. Auramazda sat still and observed, as was her purpose. This human was dying, and nothing could be done. It was just unfortunate for both of them that they had somehow fallen into the center of the world...

"... true... it was true..."

The dying man pried himself off the ground with a broken sword. He clutched something to his chest, bundled up in charred rags. Crystal splinters stuck out of every part of his body, causing him to bleed even more all over. Yet he still strode forward with haggard steps. The will to survive... no, Auramazda knew better than this. No such instincts would come from a single creature's desire to continue living. This was conviction. This human was serving a purpose to which their dying breath would be an appropriate payment for its success... and thus, she let him proceed. It was beautiful, and it was tragic.

Finally, he collapsed before her makeshift throne. He coughed blood again before managing to fix desperate eyes upon her grandiose form. They dilated, for he could see the ultimate goal before his eyes... even as his bodily functions started to sequentially shut down.

"... please... our... only hope..."

For eons, humanity had lived in a world of rationality. They were the alpha, they were the omega. The world was theirs and theirs alone. Their prosperity rose only from their own deeds. Gods did not exist, nor did miracles. A world where seeing is believing, where scholarly studies and theorems were the deciding factors of what existed and what didn't... all of that was now moot for the man, as he lay before the monumental evidence that destroyed all of those beliefs. If he had the energy, he would be shuddering all over. From fear, from excitement. The extremes of human emotion coursed through him from simply gazing upon this god-like entity.

The bundled cloth-bound package was slid forward towards Auramazda. The man was on the last steps of his final gamble. The chasm that was purported to hold the secrets of the world... to think the culmination of such superstitions would become the ultimate salvation. With those thoughts laying his mind to rest, the soldier uttered his final words:

"... save... her... us..."

Silence. Crystalline dust tinkled in the air as it decorated the soldier's corpse. It was like an imperfect ink spill on an exquisite canvas. The ancient dragon had no words to utter, nor any pity to offer. She simply lowered her head again... perhaps if she slept long enough, his body would decompose into nothingness. However... again, her journey into empty dreams was disrupted by an alien noise. Cries echoed throughout her lair as she shifted her head again and peered down at the bundle of cloth... it unraveled itself and there lay a baby girl. A hatchling that could barely walk, covered in ash and dirt... but otherwise unscathed.

She considered mercy. The lair rumbled as she shifted one of her huge clawed arms, peeling away from the crystals that had formed a carapace along its length. Although, she stopped as she raised it into the air. Her eyes flashed... for the first time in so long, she heard the voice of the Foremother. Every fiber of her being froze in the voice of maternal authority as she was given her next command... her final purpose:

*Plant the seed, so that they may flourish.*

... Her claws withdrew themselves. The crying intensified, as Auramazda lowered her giant head towards the baby human. Yet, as she drew closer, the crying started to simmer down. A golden glare met the tiny, infantile glance... rather than instinctual fear that would drive many to the verges of despair, the child simply smiled and reached out. She didn't move a muscle, as the tiny hand reached forward... and touched the smooth surface of her nose, as her eyes slid shut.

The daughter understood now. These imperfect beings, they too were children. They needed to be nurtured so that they could be beautiful. Just like everything else the Foremother had spawned into existence. Humanity had been misguided by its own naivety. It was time to correct them, to restore the fantasy that was missing from their lives. Thus, her purpose now... the duty she would bring to fulfillment with her own dying breath:

"Child... no. Manah, my child. How cruel it is for such a fate to be thrust upon you... but the Foremother has spoken. I shall foment a new era of humanity, and you shall be my instrument in doing so."

---

Will do a Part 2 at some point.