I lay in the tub, exhausted. Again, so many time travellers. Would I ever get the chance to do what I wanted to do? Or would this be the rest of my life? I poked my head under the water. As I brought it out, I heard a crack. *Right now?* I scrambled for a towel and put it around me just in time, as a funky looking man walked into the bathroom. 

 He was wearing a tinfoil hat and as he walked in he exclaimed, "O great Firsh, is that you?!"

"Sorry, but come back at another time. As you can see, I'm a little busy." I told him.

"Nonsense! At least accept my token! If you have this, then in the future you can call upon my family for any favor! You don't survive to that point, but the sentiment is what counts, no?" he said to me in his tinny voice.

"Listen, please leave or I will call the Time Enforcement Agency." I said in a huff.

"No need. I'll be right off!" he said hurriedly, and disappeared with a crack. The smell of ozone hung in the air. I looked in my palm at the gleaming coin he had given. Inscribed with his family initials E.K. El Kark. Another family down, only a couple more to go. Then I would enact my plan with fervor. I looked in the mirror, rubbed my synthetic mustache, and took off my colored contacts. I didn't need them. Atleast in the conventional sense. I dried myself off, and went to grab something to eat. 

As I passed by the drawer where I kept my collection of "coins", I opened the lock and tossed the new one in. Around five hundred already sat in it. I only needed another fifty to be done. I made myself some toast and munched on it quietly, waiting for a new man to appear. I envisioned myself being referred to as "Sir John Plaste", quite soon. I would be rich and powerful. Nothing would stop me. 

Maybe just a peek, I thought to myself as I walked in to the kitchen. I opened up the freezer and took out some ice cream. Then I walked over to the other freezer where I kept my meats. I opened it up and stared into the face of Firsh Kaste, as I took a lick of ice cream. Soon.

More at r/MaestroWrites 

Feedback greatly appreciated!