As I waited for my turn at the interview, I couldn't help go over my resume and documents, just to be sure I hadn't quite forgotten anything. I turn the pages of my file over, while haphazardly glancing away every now and then.

My eyes fixate on the candidate sitting at the opposite corner of the room. He seems to poking and trodding away at his phone, blissfully ignoring the fact that he could be called up next. Ah, just another way people use to relieve stress. 

And then, his mind goes, "Hopefully they don't call me in another five minutes". 

I smile. This was usual. I turn my head over to the person sitting next to me, who looked like he was on a death row. Or a date. 

By now, if you haven't gotten the hang of things, I'm a psychic. I suppose it was something I was born with, but I never really bothered much about it. I mean, it was really cool at times, but I had never told anyone else about it. 

Suddenly, my eyes fall on a really shabby looking dude, probably not more than 25. How do I know his age? Well, I know for a fact how 25 year olds take things. Even things like interviews. 

And then, I read his mind. 

"I know you're listening "

Wow. 

That was... scary? This was the first time I had mind read someone and got... shit-tested? I observed him closely. He didn't seem to be looking at me, for one. He just kep multitasking between looking at his phone, looking around like a paranoid war-veteran, and giving that occasional all knowing sigh edgy 25 year olds give. 

And then, I read his mind again. And again. And again. Every. Single. Time. The same damn thing. 

I legit thought about telling him nobody gives a hoot what ran through his mind. But then, that'd be me blowing my cover. 

And then, the receptionist(or whoever it is that informs people to go into the interview room), read out my name. I sighed. Took a deep breath. Cleared my throat. I rose up from my chair, and started walking towards the room.

And then, I don't know why, but I looked over at the shabbily dressed paranoid freak sitting at the corner. 

"Well, you've had a good enough story to post on Reddit, haven't you? 

And then, I met his eyes. He smirked. 



