"Be brave Michael, it will all be alright..."
I inhale deeply, the anesthetic streaming into my lungs and bringing a cold, stinging sensation piercing my very being.

I gasp and press myself up to see no bed, no doctors, no bleeping monitors and worried looking people. Instead I see what has become so familiar to me, The Library. As I stand up, I feel my body return to normal. My frail skin blazing with warmth, my thin and spindly features regaining their flesh while I feel the strength surge back into me, the constant looming pain in my bones leaving and being replaced by a firm youthfulness as I feel my body grow. A smile spreads on my face as I stroke a fine leather bookcover and inhale the sweet scent of my collection. 

As I stretch, happily observing the rows upon rows of shelves, I hear a noise. The sound of footsteps echoes through My Library and absent minded talking comes with it "What on earth is this place? This must be a dream...."

I walk towards the noise, which instantly stops moving and says "Is someone there? Where am I?" And eventually "Who are you?" As I round the corner. I see a woman, dressed in white clothing and I experience a feeling of recognition.

"Well," I begin, hestitant but intrigued, "throughout the ages it has been known by many names, Eden, Babylons Scholary, Solomons Chambers, The Great Library of Alexandria, the Pope's Library and so on. As for your question who I am, I am here to make use of it, as it was handed to me from my predecessor precisely 9 years ago today or several thousands of years in here." I chuckle as I see her face pale "Relax, its okay, after a year you'll wake up where you were before you fell asleep."

She takes a moment and whispers "I dont know if I want to....." "Why?" I ask, "Is something bothering you?" She nods "I've failed..... I had the duty to save someone.... but I failed...." She starts shivering and I guide her to a chair. Tears begin to drip down her face as she continues "That boy..... he was so young.... we were so close to stopping it.... but we failed..."

The realisation hits me, I recognise her indeed.....
She was one of the doctors trying to save me....
And she would become my successor....