Confusion washed over me as Jenny kept right on making her drink as if her response had been completely normal. "A coma?" I ask suspiciously, expecting some sort of joke or reference I should know but will be ridiculed endlessly for not.

"Did I stutter?" The rhythmic sound of the mixer now filled the void between us, my mind racing about what her response could have meant "You've been in a coma for years now, didn't you know?" Jenny set the mixer down to get her glass ready before stopping dead "Oh my god you didn't know?!" She nearly yells at me with a slight mocking laugh to her tone.

"Okay I get it, I'm stupid for thinking my family looks young for their age." Throwing my hands up in defeat before this mockery goes any further I throw my gaze sideways not wanting to see her smug face smirking back at me.

All of Jenny's attention was on me now as her half made drink sat on the counter forgotten "I'm being serious here, you've been in a coma for a long time now. Like a really long time. No one gets older because you've never seen them, or even yourself, any older than when you first woke up here."

'Here?' I thought, my mind racing about what she meant as I tried to think of where else I had ever been besides here. 

"Oh no... I didn't ruin all this for you did I?" Jenny asks now moving towards me, hand stretched out for my arm as real concern appears on her face. 

Pulling back I start to panic a little "Ruin this for me? Ruin what? This isn't funny Jenny, you're starting to scare me..." Crossing my arms I turn away from her, something feels uncomfortably true about what she's saying as my stomach turns into knots.

Taking a slow breath Jenny tries to calm me down "I'm not trying to freak you out, I just thought you knew."

"Knew what?" I ask, a quiver on my voice as I already know what she's going to say.

"None of this is real." Her voice is full of remorse.

"None of it?" I ask feeling my blood run cold.

"Some of it is based on reality, you know? Like your family, your dog, car, job, that kind of stuff. But everything else..." She trailed off for a moment "It's what your mind decides to populate the void with until you wake up.... If you wake up that is..."

Standing there studying her face I can feel my heart racing; what she says is true. I don't know why or how I know that but in the pit of my stomach I know it's true. "What about you?" I ask as I can feel my eyes start to burn.

Jenny stands there in silence, her face raked with an inner struggle and her eyes well up before she shakes her head whispering "No... I'm not..." 

Blinking to clear the tears from my eyes I take a deep breath, everything is falling apart around me and there's nothing I can do. "Am I gonna wake up? Or am I here forever?" Looking around I let out an uncomfortable laugh as a sense of dread begins to creep up from deep inside. "Because if I'm gonna be here forever then you're pretty good company to have." I give a nervous laugh looking to her for some kind of hope.

"You've already been here so long... I don't think that..." Jenny was trying to find the right words so she wouldn't hurt me.

"Just tell me." I plead not wanting to be lead on any further.

"Most likely you're not going to wake, after the accident you showed signs that you might come back but when you didn't your mind started to fill the void to occupy your mind." Jenny's voice shook as she spoke, a few tears trickled down her face. Part of me wondered if she was actually crying or if it was simply a projection of how I felt.

"So I'm here forever then..." Waking up would have been too good to be true now.

"You're not here forever either..." Jenny whispers looking up at me, her eyes pleading me to stop asking questions. 

My head feels light as the room spins, I reach out to steady myself on the counter with one hand and the other touches my temple "So then I'm-"

"Please don't." Jenny interrupts suddenly but I wave off her protest.

"Stop playing games with me! I'm going to die aren't I? Is that the big secret? I'm in a coma and I'm going to die? I'll never wake up and everything will just be some made up dream until someone pulls the plug?" I'm practically out of breath by the time I finish my little rant and I can feel sweat beginning to pour all over my body as I lean against the counter, a forearm planted firmly against it to steady myself.

"Or until you figure it out..." Jenny lets out a slight sob and steps backwards, her head shaking as tears start to flow openly.

I try to respond but my voice doesn't come. I try to speak again yet nothing happens. Looking to Jenny I realize I'm suddenly alone in the kitchen... no I'm not in the kitchen I'm nowhere. Everything around me is a black void replacing the familiar setting where I had once been. Instantly an icy chill runs through me as the temperature drops to below freezing in an instant.

I fall backwards yet never hit the ground. Falling endlessly into this black void I feel the cold embrace of death as nothingness becomes all I am, the dream I lived a distant memory and my life before forgotten as I fade away.