Psychologist, neurologist, whatever other brain doctors, I went to see a series of them after I had nearly drowned as a teen. I would tell them that often times I would get migraines and a number would pop in my head, it would stay stuck in my mind for a few seconds, sometimes minutes. The doctors couldn't find anything wrong, claims the lack of oxygen from drowning could have caused some damages to my brain cells, but all the tests came back inconclusive.

One particular day I was just having a real bad day at work. I quietly rode my train home and a panhandler got on. The usual spouting sob story, a family, homeless, no food, etc., but somehow I guess because of my bad day, I wanted to be generous and decided to give something for once. At least make myself feel better by making someone happy. He walked down the aisle with dirty cupped hands, I could see his face fighting back tears as other passengers ignored him, looking the other way. He was getting closer to me and  so I reached for my wallet. He stopped at me looking at me with guilty eyes, still with dirty cupped hands. I opened my wallet and there was a single $100 bill *fuck*. Just my luck. *It's ok* I thought. I handed it over to him. As I did, I felt the migraine and the number 6 popped in my head. He looked at me incredulously and speechless, I mustered a solemn smile and told him "It's ok. I'm sure that bill will get you far more than I can for myself" Other passengers looked at us and one by one they began to reach for their wallets. Handed him 1s, 5s, there was a 10 maybe more. The man broke down as people started handed their change over to him.

Two stops later I got off and the man as well. "Sir" he called out and I turned around. Fighting back tears he told me "you saved me tonight. You saved me and my family. My wife, my sick father, and my 3 children, they will have something to eat. It has been 3 days since I had received any money for food, tonight I thought it was gonna be me and my family's last night. I thought I was going to go back empty handed, take mine and my family's life with me, end our suffering, but tonight you showed me there is hope, there is miracle. You saved*6* lives. Thank you so much." He kept repeating thank you as he slowly walked backwards and then finally turned around. *Six* lives. That's the beginning of how I discovered my "ability". To tell how many lives I saved based on my actions.

Since then I have learned that sometimes the migraine and the numbers happen early, and I would think about what I was or am about to do, based on my thought of whether to go through with the action or not, the number could change to zero. There hasn't been a time when I see the zero and not go through with my original action. It's incredible how small things can save lives or not.

I walked into Subway, it's been a while since I've had Subway. I was feeling particularly happy today. I ordered my old favorite, meatball marinara, with french bread. "We recently changed our Italian bread recipe, and we really recommend it to go with the meat ball sub!" Interesting "Sure! Why not?" I said with a smile. Then I felt it. A migraine, pretty strong one too, then the number... *That can't be right... 5 billion? Wtf did I just do??* "Sir?" The sandwich artist called out. "Huh? Oh... Yes, um provolone and.... Mayo.... Please" I said as I started sweating from the pain of the migraine. I could see the sandwich artist was looking at me with concern "sorry, just a sudden migraine" I said smiling and rubbing my temple.

I paid and sat down, looking at the sandwich in my hand I was still wondering what did I do? Or what am I *about* to do? What if I don't eat this sub? And all of a sudden the migraine disappeared and the number zero popped in my head. *No. No. Wtf. Why??* I could imagine why but I didn't want to... I was sweating more from the thought of 5 billion lives at stake, and thinking of the risk behind saving them all, with *just one bite*.

"Meatball marinara please" I hear another customer ordering. I've never failed the number of lives before, and I can't fail now, especially *5 billion*. I knew, I knew this is it, what is going to happen, and what the risk is. "We recently changed our Italian bread recipe, and we really recommend it to go with the meat ball sub!" With tears running down my face, I open my mouth and the migraine is back. *5 billion* in my mind, I chewed fast and fought back tears from my eyes, I swallowed...