The god of light breezes wanted me, out of all the  pantheon of gods I get picked by the only one my skinny ass could take in a fight. I have been picked to die by this snivelling little shit to sacrifice myself for his honour. Life was going good nice job, big house and the wife has a great pair of tits all of it ruined so I can die for the god of light breezes.

I was like the rest of you watched the tournaments of the gods on TV and laughed when the shit gods presented there doomed tributes. I never thought I would get picked by any of the gods, least of all the god of light fucking breezes. People who are called to fight for the gods are usually, poor pathetic useless bastards with nothing to live for but me.I’m not replaceable if I die here today who will manage sloughs third biggest tech company specialist in doors.

The training for this great battle in the clouds is intense I’d heard, so intense it took my god 5 hours to get his breeze up. I was given a spear and a handshake from the god they call Gary, apparently he didn’t know how to fight, run or even hide, Gary was barely capable of existing. The days grew closer to the battle and Gary decided it was a good time to let me know that in a millennium not one of his picks lasted a minute in the arena, but he had high hopes for me. 

Waiting in the armoury during the last few hours before battle,I was visited by a light breeze dragging a note across the floor, Gary had a plan I should hide and wait until the end and stab the one left standing it. I was amazed Garry was allowed to us a pen, I needed divine intervention that obviously won’t come from a god like Garry. The moment came for the battle,boom a bright light and I was on some sort of battle world.

I bravely held my spear right and ran away from everyone, the battle that followed was so intense that no one could describe it in a story, so they didn’t bother. The upshot of this whole mess is that I Barry of slough became the god of rain, apparently the great victor of the melee for the chosen, slipped on a rock and cracked his head open. I think that the gods felt sorry for me and gave me that easy win to compensate for Garry.

I now stand upon the world of gods and have forgotten almost entirely slough and the world of men with Garry kept by my side, so I can piss rain down upon him for eternity.