(for the sake of the story, # is the protag and & is the popular kid, % is the friend)

(i know this isn't anywhere near as good as the others, just having fun)

You are confused, as you haven't told anyone else about your made-up language, but figure you can drag this on for a while and start having a full on conversation with this kid.

After a while, you start to notice that what they are saying is getting a bit strange "So, we will all be meeting saturday, right?", "How long have you been in this group?" and a few other off-putting things. The bell rings and you walk home, the school is very close to your neighborhood and so it would be a waste to take the bus, plus you get a bit of exercise. 

After you complete your homework, you lounge out in your room and almost completely forget about the interaction with &, though it's still in the back of your head as you browse youtube. 

Then, you get a text from an unknown number. the text reads, "I see you have been talking to one of our members, are you ready to recruit more members?" you disregard the message, probably just some kid who's messing with people. But after a few minutes you get another text, from the same unknown number 

"#, i know you have been talking to & about our little cult... respond now..." and you freeze. Cult? What is going on? You respond with a question, "who is this" but they stay quiet for a bit, before responding in the language you had made up. It translates to the following, "Listen here, if you are going to use our language that means you are in our cult. either you recruit some members, bring us bodies, or you will be executed." 

You set down your phone, your mind spinning. Had you accidentally invented a language that was already in use by a cult? You respond, "no way! im not joining your stupid cult thing!" Then you go to your bed and lay down. You lay there for about half an hour, even though you aren't tired at all. Then, you hear a clicking noise, followed by careful footsteps. The front door, someone had opened the front door.

You have to think quick. You shove your phone in your pocket, then open your window carefully but quickly, trying to make the least amount of noise as possible. It's not a big window, but you are pretty small for your age and can squeeze through. You sprint out and run as fast as you can, until you think you're far enough away from the house to rest for a bit. You call the police, but they take a while to respond. It's been five minutes, they still haven't answered the call. Then, you notice you don't have any signal. Of Course at this very moment you lose signal, the only time you ever want or need to call someone. You decide to run to your only friend's house, since that's the only other person you know who isn't 5 states away. You ring their doorbell, but there isn't a response. you ring the doorbell again, still no response. 

Suddenly, you hear footsteps behind you.