I look up from my desk, my mouth already preparing the words “Can I help you?”
I work a normal desk job, use Excel a lot, and am the person that people feel can answer their every question. So I’m used to people coming up to me to ask me random stuff. 

But when I looked up, nothing could have prepared me for what I saw.

What came out of my mouth was less a cohesive sentence and more something like, “Ca..uhh... fuskheya...”

And before my brain really processes what I’m seeing, a human walks up with a smile.

“Hey, so you met George, I’m glad. Yeah, he’s the new guy. A bit quiet but that means you get lots of work done, eh, George?” And he patted George on the back. The human was actually my slightly superior- not directly my boss but one higher up than me in the company. And apparently blind.

“Hemphfisckkl.”

I still could not seem to come up with a cohesive sentence. Or words.

People are walking by the strange phenomenon in front of me like they don’t even know. Is this all some giant prank?

The one on top bares its pointed teeth at me a little. Like its daring me to say something.

Well, jokes on them. I won’t be the one to point out that our new coworker is three otters in a trench coat. No way.

I nod to the otters. The otter nods back. The one on the bottom, pretending to be human legs I guess, turns around and heads back to their desk.

I’m not very productive that day. I can’t help but keep glancing back at the otters. People go up to them and talk to them occasionally. They seem to communicate with the humans, but I can’t actually hear any words. No one seems to notice.

Did I drop into some alternate reality this morning? I ponder the possibility of this. If this isn’t a prank, which, it seems to be going on too long for the average office prank, and especially for this group of people who, in my experience, have never and would never prank anyone, as everyone here is way too uptight, then...

I glance back at the otters. I examine them. They’re real. But how? How are they even able to do that? And why doesn’t anyone else notice?
Maybe I’m just insane now. Maybe I’ve had a slow decline all my life and only just now noticed. 

I contemplate my life for a good long while, searching for signs of insanity. Maybe that outburst at Thanksgiving was part of it. Maybe that paper I forgot to write up in college. Maybe its all from that one time I tried smoking and felt like I’d nearly burnt my lungs to a crisp.

But, no... that doesn’t signify insanity. It has to be the things I wouldn’t notice.

Or, I’m in an alternate reality. That seems more favorable a possibility. I think I’ll decide on that one. Alright, so here, otters can be coworkers. Fine. Good.

That resolved, I turn back to my work. I have a lot yet to get done. I decide to put off thinking more about the otters until I’m done.

For the next hour or so I ignore the otters. I focus on my work, even send people away that try to ask me things.

After that hour, I glance back at the otters. But they are no longer there. I glance around. There they are... getting water.

I go back to work for another high-intensity hour. Just thirty minutes left now until the end of the work day.

Time’s up, and now I have to do it. I have to confront the otters.

They have sharp teeth. They growl at me a bit. But at the end of our conversation, in which the otters didn’t talk, I feel I have a better understanding of their presence. It’s not a logical sense, or an explainable thing, but it’s an inner sense of understanding. An inner knowing. The otters are coworkers. Everything is fine.