"Most people fall into a few categories by the end of the average 200 year
life. In order of likely hood, most either fall into comfortable routines,
cycles of hedonistic abandon, or develop some obsessive pursuit. For the latter,
their choice of pursuit has a direct impact on their lifespan. A student of
ancient literature intent on deconstructionist interpretation of Babylonian
cuneiform, could work undisturbed for several hundred years. The state may even
sponsor him to honor his cultural contributions, and when he sticks around for
250, 300 years as a successful elder-scholar, it will be overlooked.

"Then there's the workers. They might have lived normal lifespans, but for their
conditions. They can expect 20 years of hard labor, to feed resources to the
'ancient ones' in their cities.

"Good hackers might live until they're 40. Their first suspect curiosity, their
first subversive act, gets them on the tracer list, and makes them a target for
forced termination. They don't call it that though. No one is ever
Killed. Everyone chooses when they die. It's the first premise of the state
canon. So the official term is 'encouraged early passage.' That's for the
standard, old school, wires-and-code hackers though. The bio-tech hackers, code,
nanites, and dna --- well, they are hunted down with a vengance. They might live
to be 25, 30 if they're good. Society may tolerate a few viruses in books and
newspapers, or in some system that will self-heal anyway, but dna-hacking still
provokes horror and outrage. If it doesn't the Kommisars are there to make sure
it does.

"As idempotent as tech systems have become, one still has only one life. The body
is easy to maintain, but still hard to reset. So a quite long life exposed to a
world full of DNA-editing hackers transforming you into a sideshow display isn't
a great prospect. Its one of the standard forms of Official Encouragement in
fact, much more effective than nagging grandchildren vying for their
inheritance. Ironically all this meddling is how we got here. First CRISPR, then
edit out aging, a few more hacks for various diseases, and then a cultural
revolution to cleanse out the science and curiosity that got us extended life
least things become unruly.

"Sure, there are still scientists. They contract their lives for education,
access to knowledge, and ordination, submission to the Party's careful
monitoring and control, and an automatic death at 80, before they can learn
too-much. Ordination? ... You heard right, that's really how the Party also got
it's Priests: they mystified knowledge to control it.

"The Priests are of two kinds: the ones you see and hear, and the ones you
don't. The former would have been known as academics a millenia ago, studying
'cultural' topics like literature and art. The supply fuel for the collective
distraction and leisure of Society. The ones you don't see would have been known
as scientists, except that science is now a dark art deemed to dangerous for
public consumption. Probably because it's current form is mostly surveillance,
interrogation and bio-weaponry for the encouragement, despite the peaceful
facade. No big surprise really, too many rats in a cage will not get along --
and now that people live so long, the cage is getting crowded. 

"Policy only allows the science-Priests to live to 80, so they only have enough
time to pursue so much knowledge. Power is reserved for politics, and no one
knows how old the Politburo or Kommisars are. They all look to be dignified
60s and 70s... or 600 and 700s. We're safe here, but don't speculate on that
outloud outside.

"Now the only official developments regarding life and health are secret methods
of encouragement, for the undesirables. Hackers who stumble onto information
regarding the Priests have dust created personally for them. Depending on the
severity of their crimes, its effects can range from mild skin irritation, to
horrific deformations that make that old movie "The Fly" seem like a mild
passing cold, to excruciating permanent activation of every nerve. Of course,
they never kill anyone, that would be immoral (and it wouldn't fit the
propaganda). We always kill ourselves, hackers.

"So you know why I look like this. I'm the oldest bio-tech hacker. I used to be
a real scientist, driven by curiosity and the search for truth, instead of
developing weapons for a quazi state-religion. I survived the Purge, and so far,
I've survived encouragement, but not without cost. I've had to recode myself
many times, build nanites and viruses that repair their attacks. Never pristine
though. I'll never breathe open air without this filtration suit. I'll never
walk on my own legs, or feel other than through the sensors and neural
interface.

"It may have been worth it though. I've worked for 400 years, not just for self
preservation, but to end this life of either entertained-distraction or torture
for humanity. Get ready. I believe the Party will begin another Purge, with mass
encouragement, but you must survive..."

He put the paper down, which re-encrypted itself as soon as his finger left its
surface. It turned to a postcard of the Capitol. "We thought he was out there,
but this was the first message we've ever received. Before his nanites were the
only clue we had. They had a different design from the Party's tools, and we
knew the Party was afraid that someone outside had the power to develop
them. Some hackers have said they carry both code and bio-viral payloads, but no
one understands what yet. Few few others recognize their significance beyond
dust."

"I believe he is about to unleash a storm. In the past 400 years he could have
developed the methods and means of a global revolution, all microscopic and
controlled by one man. No different from the Party really - but the Party
doesn't tolerate competition."

"Do you think the Party will begin killing again? Instead of just encouraging?"

"For him, I'm sure they've tried. Either way, the coming century will be quite
ugly for all of us. The best we can do is be prepared to collect all the
knowledge and resources we can, to rebuild when it's all over."