I walked into his office, he had a notepad out, "Oh hello, you must be Gareth, come in, sit down." The Mustached boss said as I walked through the door.
                                                                                                                                                                   He seemed nice at first, but I didn't want to work at a Roadkill Removal service.

"Well, tell me Gareth, what do you like to do in your free time?" The man said as he brandished his notepad and clicked his pen.
                                                                                                                                                                      I tried to think of the worst thing I could possibly do in my free time, "I run a prank channel on YouTube!" I said in a panic.
                                                                                                                                                               "Very Intriguing, what kind of pranks do you like to do?" He said as wrote down what I had just said.
"Kissing pranks, a lot of sexual stuff, my most popular one is titled 'Making out with peoples girlfriends in the hood (Gone Deadly)'." I replied.                                                                                                                       

"Hmm, sounds hot!" He creepily said whilst writing down the quote.
I was panicking, I had to think of something, "You know, I also like to start grass-fires, big ones! And sometimes I like to kill little rabbits, for no reason, I find it pleasureful." I said whilst trying to snatch my own intentional defeat from the jaws of defeat.                                                                                                                               

"Oh yeah, that's why I joined the force in the first place, I love seeing dead animals! I like you, kid! You remind me of a younger version of myself." The interviewer said enthusiastically.                                                                

He wrote it down, "You know I'm a racist, total skinhead, yep!" I said in an attempt to deter the boss from hiring me.                                                                                                                                                           

"Oh, no way, me too! Sieg Heil!!" he said whilst doing a Nazi salute.
I was shocked at this mans racism, "Wow, this guy is horrible!" I though as the man wrote down that I'm a skinhead.
                                                                                                                                                  
"I'm also a Scientologist!" I said desperately to the boss.
"No way, you too!" I got up and left as he said that, I slammed the door and ran out of the building as fast as possible.                                                                                                                                                 

"Hmm, he seemed nice." I heard him say from outside his office.