"Captain aboard!" shouted Cpl. Riegar, the thruster technician. He stood rigid as a statue, exohelmet dangling from his off hand, other arm snapped in the firm position of salute. The remainder of the reconnaissance crew did the same. 

Captain Mayhill's grav-boots clicked along the gangway. Behind him, the decontamination entrance connected to their forward outpost hissed closed. Mayhill took a brief moment to blink, adjusting to the dim inner light of the surface schooner. The damned thing could house a crew of twenty, but Mayhill still felt oddly enclosed within its reinforced hull. He hadn't volunteered to colonize the red planet to feel as trapped as he had back home, but so far the whole expedition had been all self-contained domes and steel barriers. 

Slowly, the figures of his men drew into focus--Uneasy faces that gulped under his gaze. 

Mayhill's chest drew tight. Not a good sign. "Nisbitt, report," Mayhill said. Up stepped the burly commanding officer. His beard was caked in grime; he'd likely walked outside with only his re-breather once again, despite previous reprimands. Mayhill took note of the offence for later discipline, but offered no current protest. The look on the man's face was too unnerving. 

"Sir," Nisbitt said. "It's a damned relic for sure, but it's of mankind's making."

Mayhill exhaled. Human made. Of course it was. Leftovers from a bygone era where the outreaches of space were only accessible via bundles of cables and wire. 

"To think..." Mayhill said to Nisbitt, cracking a wry smile. "I'd actually considered extraterrestrial...some folks will be sorely disappointed back home."

Nisbitt took a deep breath. "That's not all sir. There appears to be something...wrong with it. It's...upsetting the crew."

Mayhill frowned. "Show me."

The outdated rover was roped to a bolted down chair towards the back of the schooner. Red dust encircled the steel floor, where the thing had been rolling back and forth. When it heard their footsteps, it flew into a frenzy, revving its wheels, tugging against its restraints so hard the chair began to groan. Nisbitt rushed to its side and began shaking his finger at it, as if disciplining a dog back on Earth. The thing whirred its engine in response, but once it had calmed Nisbitt beckoned Mayhill over. 

"Captain Mayhill," came a crackly voice from a speaker. "Am I happy to see you!"

Mayhill nearly fell over. "You know my name?"

"I know all sorts of things," it said, indignantly. "If only your crew would bother to listen."

Mayhill looked to Nisbitt, confusion writ plainly on his face. Nisbitt just shrugged. 

"Ohhhh, I know some of the most *interesting* things," the rover continued. "I know this planet is dead. Barren barren barren. No matter what you try to do to it. Say, did you know silence has a sound? A constant, unending drone of *nothing*? That's something else I know. All too well. I sent messages out, but Earth never replied. Why? What happened? I began to think you'd forgotten about me. I rolled across canyons hoping perhaps it was just an interrupted signal. Look! My tires are out of tread..."

Mayhill stepped back as the thing rambled. He didn't recall the old rovers possessing sentience. Perhaps this rover had been overexposed. Something had gone haywire. The right wires were tripped...or..who knows. He pulled Nisbitt aside, out of the rover's earshot. "It's malfunctioning," Mayhill whispered. "We'll take it home and scrap it for parts. Let the engineers have a little history lesson."

"I'm not malfunctioning!" the thing said. "I'm trying to help you! They said you were out here."

At this, Mayhill turned. "Who's they? Who said we were out here?"

"Your approaching spacecraft..." the rover said, dismally. "You'll all be dead soon, unless you listen to me. Hey! That's another thing I know."

Mayhill's heart suddenly jumped into his throat."What did you just say?"

"This is what I mean, sir," Nisbitt said, sighing. "It's appropriated some doomsdayer personality."

"Your new wave of colonizers," the rover continued. "They're coming to kill you."

Mayhill's face drained of color. Clearly the thing had gone haywire. But the words were upsetting nonetheless. Why would the consolidated spacefarers on Earth trouble themselves with a colonization effort, just to exterminate it? Mayhill tilted his head at the strange machine, which continuously whirred its engine...as if it were *pleading*. 
"Lock the rover in sample bins down below," Mayhill ordered. "We speak of this to no one. Not until we've figured out what's gone wrong with the damned thing."

Nisbitt nodded. He stooped low, towards the rover's restraints.  

"No! Please don't leave me!" the rover shouted. "Not again!"

"Riegar, give me a hand with this!" Nisbitt shouted. The skinny lad rushed over and began fiddling with the knots in the rope.

Mayhill clicked back down the gangway away from the commotion, doing his best not to wear his emotions.  He walked to the cockpit, rubbing the bridge of his nose. The crew cast haphazard glances his direction. Some whispered among eachother. *Christ,* he thought, *Just what I needed*. His colony dome glared on the display panels. A thousand fragile souls, confined to a bubble. Would this be the final pinprick that mades it burst?

Nisbitt returned by his side. "Back home then, sir?"

Mayhill nodded, lost in thought. Outside the triple-thick window, the rusted dust of Mars swirled with an oncoming storm. Perhaps above it all, hurling towards them through the darkness of space, a storm of an altogether different sort was amassing too.

---------------------------

Could see this growing into several parts if there's interest. More over at  r/M0Zark :)



