She's beautiful. Her golden hair, hazel eyes, thin pink lips. She's the only thing I think about. I love her, she is the only person I have ever loved - but loving her is against the rules. I cannot love a suspect - and so I watch her. I sit idly by everyday. I watch her do her homework. I watch her in class, watching movies. Sometimes... if I'm lucky I get to watch her sleep. I wish I could talk to her, but she can't know I'm there. I love her laugh - it sounds like a drink of ice cold water on a hot hot day. It's refreshing and everything I need. I listen to her laugh when he watches videos. I watch her draw sometimes, and he is the most amazing artist I have ever seen. My heart feels like it will jump from chest every time I see her. I have to find a way to meet her. I have to. Maybe I could plan a meeting in the coffee shop on campus that she likes to go to when she's low on energy...but if I go... I'll be jeopardizing my career. Being a part of the NSA has been my dream since I was a child, and now I can't picture my life without coming to work and sitting in my chair and watching my beautiful Amelya through her webcam everyday...but what if I never have to watch her through the webcam again...what if I could wake up next to her every morning, and feel her body next to mine. What if I could wake up to her in my bed, and fall asleep every night with her wrapped around me? I go to my supervisor Jack Dungo. "Hey Jack, do we still do undercover?" Jack looks up from his work "Yeah, why? you got something?" I fiddle with my fingers "uh. Yeah Amelya Winters, 23 goes to Yale. I think it would be useful to go undercover, get to know her a little better, don't you agree?" Jack shakes his head and laughs "Winters? If you say so, go ahead and find a meeting spot. Geoff will be your handler" I smile to myself, but to Jack I say "yes sir" and turn to leave but he stops me. "Oh and Clayton? be nice to the girl" and with that he winks at me and goes back to his work. I walk out of his office and close the door behind me. YES! I shout in my head. I'll finally get to meet her. The girl of my dreams, my beautiful, beautiful girl. I get back to my computer and notice Amelya's is turned on. I look through the screen and I cannot believe my eyes. Amelya is hanging there, by a rope that's tied around her neck. a note taped to her torso; it reads 'I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN WATCHING HER, SO HERE'S THE SHOW. P.S YOU'RE NEXT'. and the last thing I hear before it goes dark is the door to my office opening and a deep voice whisper "this is why you don't fall in love"