Not a day would pass that I wouldn't look into the mirror and wonder if I am stuck in a dream. Now I am sure of it. There can be no other explanation. I should have passed from this realm long ago, and now I seem to be having hallucinations that only happen in dreams. Or perhaps nightmares.

Death himself visited me for coffee yesterday morning. He told me that things were now going to proceed normally, as if nothing had happened. I asked him to be a bit more clear.

"I missed your hourglass during an audit a few decades ago."

"*My* hourglass?" There was more than a little confusion in my question.

"Yes, yes. Everyone gets one. Well, at least one. Yours had been missing and.. I didn't notice. Just recently I found it under the desk in my home office."

"Home office?"

"Yes. I don't like going to the office on the weekend, so the nearly empty ones come home with me." Death began to fidget with his coffee cup.

"I was supposed to die that weekend? When was that?"

"Yes, well... Well it was on your 32nd birthday. Water skiing, I believe. Would not have been a fun day." He stopped tapping his finger on the cup.

"Water skiing? I don't ski."

"I know. But you were supposed to go that day. Do you remember why you didn't?" he asked.

"I barely remember that birthday, to be honest. A bit too much booze perhaps?"

"Interesting. Well, I must be off." he suddenly seemed agitated.

"WAIT! I still don't understand all of this. ANY of this!" I complained.

"Don't worry. We will see each other soon enough, and I can explain more when you are finished with this world."

I looked down at my cold coffee, then back at Death, but he had gone. The rest of the day was wasted by wandering aimlessly through town. Wondering if I should plan my own funeral. Would that be strange?

This morning, I looked in the mirror, and was startled to see a change. Still in a dream. Definitely. My hair was changing color. Like my interrupted timeline was catching up to me, a bit compressed and now filling my life rapidly.

That part could make a bit of sense, perhaps. The part that brings my mind to a halt, is a different problem with this sudden change. My salt and pepper hair was now nearly completely brown. A very suave and smooth brown.

It seems my life had been turned upside down.