The sound of a harmonica fills her ears as her eyes open and all she can see is a lightly illuminated ceiling. The music has a melancholy tone to it. It sounds so lonely. The last thing she remembers was...She can't seem to recall the last thing she did. She runs her hands over the carpet that she finds herself lying on, it's very soft and comforting to her for some reason, for a few seconds before she sits up. Her neck feels kind of sore but she doesn't remember hurting it. 

"Hello." She turn towards the voice and her eyes are met with the back of a recliner in front of a lit fireplace. She can see a hand holding a glass of liquid. She assumes it's some kind of liquor but it could be something else. She stands straightening our her clothes before she approaches this stranger. "Have a seat." The hand with the glass gestures to a wooden chair next to them. She does as she's told and prepares to sit but when she looks over to the person sitting in the recliner, she stops. A stunningly gorgeous man ignores her gaze as he stares into the fire, the light dancing around his face. He's wearing a suit which looks quite nice on him. He takes a sip of his drink. "Ask away. I'm sure you have questions."

"Who are you?" That was the only question floating around in her mind. 

"I'm Lucifer." He says still staring into the fire.

A laugh bubbles up her throat. Suddenly, she's bent over holding her stomach as a raucous laugh escapes her mouth. Her eyes start to water after a few minutes. It takes a bit of time for her to collect herself as she sighs, still giggling occasionally.

"I haven't heard anyone laugh like that for quite some time." He sighs. "But, that doesn't change the fact that I'm the devil and you're in hell."

"Prove it." She cocks her head curiously. The man sighs again but more heavily this time as his form changes. His arms and legs lengthen, his fingers begin to resemble claws and his feet transform into hooves. A tail curls up from under his bottom and horns slowly, ever so slowly, sprout from his head. He goes from a gorgeous man to a beast. He takes his time and stays in this form for no more than a few seconds before changing back into a man. "Huh," she says, "I guess you really are the devil." 

"You seem pretty calm about this whole thing." He glances at her, his eyes the color of ice, interested by her response to him. "Aren't you going to beg to be sent to heaven? Make excuses of why you don't belong here? Cry?"

"No. I figure if I'm here I did something to deserve it." She shrugs her shoulders.

"You can sit, you know?" He quirks his eyebrow. So she does as he looks back into the fire. He takes a sip of his drink. 

"What are you drinking?"

"Whiskey."

"Can I have some?"

"No."

"Fine." She's getting a little frustrated with his one word answers and his disinterest in her. "Where are we?"

"My home."

"Why?"

"Because."

"Isn't there supposed to be demons or whatever?"

"Gone."

"Where?"

He looks over to her, clearly annoyed. "Does it matter?"

"Kind of." She looks right back into his piercing, cold eyes. "Why were you playing such a lonely melody? Is it because everyone's gone?" Suddenly he's right in her face barely more than an inch away; his hands on either arm rest trapping her. She jumps a bit.

He stares hard at her, looking for any sign of fear in her eyes. She just sits calmly. There was nothing. No fear at all. "You don't remember anything, do you?" She shakes her head. 

"My neck's a bit sore, though."

"Of course, it is." He sighs and let's his head hang, running a hand through his sleek black hair, before going over to a window. "Come." He commands. She goes to stand next to him and a small gasp escapes her lips. There was a field of grass outside of the house. At the edges, there was only reddish brown dirt. The sky was like a void, just blackness. The scene in front of her was somehow soothing. But what surprised her wasn't the fire that ran parallel to the vast expanse of dirt, it was the fact that there was literally no one. Not a single soul. He said that the demon's were gone but she wasn't expecting *all* of them to be gone. There wasn't even a demon butler at his command.

"Where did they all go?" She whispered.

"To heaven." Again, there was a glass of whiskey in his hand which he took a long sip of before swirling it around. "I guess God banishing me from Heaven wasn't punishment enough. He came and made this huge announcement. 'Everyone is hereby forgiven of their sins and may enter into my kingdom.'" Lucifer mocked in a high-pitched voice that made her smile. There was a smirk on his face in reply but it was quickly gone. "Everyone got pardoned, except me obviously, and now anyone who comes here can be cleansed and be on their way."

"Even Hitler?"

"Even Hitler." He sighed heavily again. "Why would anyone want to stay in hell when there's paradise waiting for them? It's the logical thing to do." He set his glass down on the windowsill. "So, you want to go right?"

"I don't know." She stared out the window, and thought of the song she heard him playing before. It was so lonely and full of longing. She wouldn't want to spend eternity alone. She absentmindedly rubbed her neck as she thought of how someone would survive an existence with no one by their side. "Can you tell me what I did to end up here?"

"Are you sure you want to know?" He cocked his eyebrow and he turned around to lean back. His elbows on the windowsill with his hands crossed in front of him. "Does it matter if you're going to heaven anyway?"

"I want to know." She went back to her chair. "I want to decide for myself if I want to go."

Lucifer watched her intently as she processed. "I hate to tell you this but I don't know either." He was feeling a little protective of this woman, he didn't like it but he did. He saw everything that happened to the people who came here. He could see the memories that she couldn't remember. He watched her write a note. He watched her kick over the chair she was standing on and he watched her twitch until she died. He hadn't felt this way since his wife. He grabbed his glass and returned to his recliner. "You're free to go." He waved his hand dismissively as he looked into the fire. 

"I want to stay." She blurted. "I would rather stay here."

"Why? Everyone jumps at the chance to go to Heaven and you want to stay in the Fire Pit?"

"Yeah." She sighed. "I've never really believed in you or God, but I do believe in fate and if that's what brought me here then this is where I'm supposed to be."

"You do know what I do to people right?"

"I'm aware."

"And you *still* want to stay?"

"Yes." He looked at her as if she had lost her mind but he knew that he wouldn't torture her. She had gone through enough on Earth that she took her own life. 

"There's nothing to do here. It's pretty boring."

"That's fine."

"I play the harmonica all the time."

"I think it's nice."

"You'll see a lot of people come through here, and some of them won't look so nice."

"Then I won't look at them."

"Alright." He conceded. "But you realize that you can't leave right?" She nodded her head. They stared at each other. Lucifer wondering why this girl was so determined to stay and the girl wondering what it would be like to live with the Devil in Hell. "Do you like dogs?" The girl smiled from ear to ear as she nodded her head vigorously. Lucifer got up from his chair so that he could whistle for Cerberus. 

"Rose."

"What?" Lucifer turned to look at her from the doorway.

"My name. It's Rose."

"I know." Lucifer smirked devilishly at her as a giant dog came running towards the house. "Come meet my dog, Cerberus." Rose's smile never fell from her face.

Thousand of years passed. All the people who came to hell almost immediately decided to go to Heaven. Lucifer and Rose passed the time with music, Him on his harmonica and her on the piano, or playing with Cerberus. Rose quickly came to realize that at the edge of Lucifer's lawn was a sheer cliff drop and she would sit out there often, always trying to remember how she died. Lucifer would watch her. He knew that she deserved to know but he didn't know how to bring it up. Sometimes he would sit with her and hold her hand. 

One day as their sitting on the cliff, a gentle breeze blowing, with one of Rose's hands in his and the other running through Cerberus's fur he looks at her. She's got a small smile on her lips, as always, and looks so content but he knows she's trying to remember. '*This is it.*' he decides. He's got to tell her.

"You hanged yourself." He said bluntly.

"What?" Her smile falls and her face is full of confusion.

"That's how you died." He sighs. "That's why you were sent here instead of Heaven."

"Oh." She blinked a couple times. There was a long period where neither of them said anything. The memories were coming back to her. She remembered the letter she wrote and how she fought, instinctively, to get out of the noose. "I was lonely." She whispered. It was so quiet it almost couldn't be heard. "I couldn't take being so depressed and lonely all the time. It was too much." Her chest felt tight and there was a lump in her throat. "I couldn't handle it." She croaked.

Lucifer watched her intently as she processed. He was afraid that she would want to leave and he would end up alone again. "I've known but I couldn't bring myself to tell you. You had already gone through so much hell. Unlike what I said when you got here, you can still decide to go to Heaven if you wish."

"Thank you." To Lucifer's surprise Rose beamed at him and then looked out into the blazing horizon. "I won't leave. It's peaceful here and I enjoy spending my days with you." She squeezed his hand. "I love you, you know?"

"I love you, too." This was the first time he had ever replied and the first time he had said it since his wife left him for paradise. They sat together for a long time after that just looking at the fire as the light danced across their faces.