The alien, Turkfleeble, adjusted his bowtie and smirked, twirling his hair. “I said we are cute to them. Humans have not ‘purged every galactic nation in their path.’ Was I the only one listening in Humanoidties class?” 

His friend Gorple plopped onto the couch with a dazed expression. “That’s impossible. The human race doesn’t take the time to even meet others from outside of their own little bubble of a solar system. They’re not the best fighters in the galaxy; they just blast the crap out of anyone else who comes into their atmosphere.” 

Turkfleeble smiled again “except for us.” 

Gorple rolled his eyes, “And how long do think that’s going to last? Our planet, Spermatogonia, has continually been in danger ever since we first landed. But the only reason we were able to do so the first time without getting blown up is because we landed in the United States when Trump was president, and his hair was blocking the spaceship from view.

Turkfleeble responded, “And what happened to Ibrowsonfleek after he landed the spaceship?”

Gorple snorted, “he became a meme.” 

“Precisely. He became a viral sensation and is now known everywhere as ‘cute alien,’” Turkfleeble added.

“And then he got hired as a Cabinet member for some reason.” 

“Let’s not focus on that.” 

Gorple shrugged, “It still doesn’t mean we have a chance.” 

Turkfleeble sat down next to Gorple. “You know how I said they haven’t purged every galactic nation? Do you remember the Cataploogie empire?” 

Gorple shook his head, “what’s left of it, you mean?” 

Turkfleeble chuckled, “oh, no, they’re doing quite well. They’re known as ‘cats’ today. They came to take over, and take over they did. They were originally revered as gods, and still order the human race around in their own homes without saying a word. When they’re not with their cats, they watch them online. And do you know how they did this? Big, cute eyes and furry little ears. Human larvae scream all night and spray strange-colored questionable liquids into their diapers and out of their mouths, yet somehow aren’t tossed out of the nearest window. This is because they have big eyes and chubby cheeks.” 

Gorple, “my god, you’re right. Our bug eyes and meme-ability is going to be the downfall of the human race!” 
