My back hurts. As it should when you fall two storeys onto solid concrete. 


I feel arms picking me up and dragging me away, grunting, growling, shambolic shapes in the distance. The walkers were closing in. 

A sudden thwack on my head brings the world into sharper focus, I’m still dazed but not entirely useless. “Walt you need to get up buddy I can’t drag you quick enough.” I get back to my feet, shoulder my rifle and fire a round into the empty eye socket of a nearby walker. 

A wave of intense pain washed over my back and legs. Something was definitely wrong, but I didn’t have time to be hurt. Two more shots made me want to double over in pain, but running made me want to shoot myself. Every step I could feel the cracks in my shin, how my leg didn’t snap in two I will never know.
 

I see helicopters landing on the roof of a carpark, our camp, fortified and turned into a base. Soldiers in uniform ushering the young into medical tents, handing out rations among the survivors. Christopher carried me through the gates, I could barely stand anymore, my thoughts drifting to the rest, increasing the mental anguish to compliment my injuries.


Jessica, Evan, Tony, Melissa and Grant. All gone, and it’s all my fault. If I’d been more careful, none of this would’ve happened. We’d been scavenging supplies for two days, we should’ve gone back but I wanted to see what was left in the old clinic. 
What was left was a horde. These things, they’re smarter than we give them credit for. They waited until we were too deep for a quick retreat.


I and Christopher got separated from the rest, I can still see it, looking at them through the glass. We could’ve broken it but that would’ve been a death sentence. So we watched our friends get devoured. Until Tony pulled a grenade out and then there was nothing. 

Walkers cornered us and I told Christopher to make for the exit, I pulled my demolition pack and threw it into the crowd. The shockwave blasted me right through the window. 

The medical team gave me a thorough check, I shouldn’t be alive. Fractured orbital, multiple fractured vertebrae, a punctured lung, stress fractures in the tibia, broken ribs. I was also infected. If I wasn’t dead yet I would soon be.

Movies like to show zombies spreading infection through bites and scratches, I wasn’t bitten. But falling through a glass window is a great way to get cut up by glass shards splattered with zombie guts. 

The ‘vaccine’, they were calling it. No use to me, I was a dead man walking. The military were evacuating everyone back to one of their bases. I was to be left behind. When a series of shrieks pierced the air. The increased activity led the walkers to our location. 

Everyone was being loaded on helicopters, soldiers started firing at the horde as the broke through our defences. I limped to our armoury and grabbed every high powered explosive I could carry, set the fuse and dropped the pile on the camp square. 

When the last helicopter took off I saw Christopher beckoning me to get onboard, I turned to face the horde, firing my rifle at them until there was no ammo left to fire. 

They sink their teeth into me, I am being devoured, it hurts, the pain though, blends with the pain I already feel. As my strength wanes so does my grip on the explosive trigger, I feel hot, a brilliant light and then, nothing. 