I sometimes feel dead. Not really dead, no. More like a stone, a heavy dense piece of rock, and I sink deeper and deeper in the ocean and ignore its flow. And then often when I wake up, I realize I've hit the bottom and the sand has encrusted me. It's a terrible feeling, a sort of unease as I go through my days. And it started two years ago. I never really lacked for much. A normal family, middle class dad working at the docks as a manager; a stay at home mom; white picket fences and short cropped grass with a Labrador named Chuckles. The works... I studied in Boston, majored in Biology. Went on to work in MedCorp, a simple researcher. And yet, every time I tried to remember those days, the memories were hazy; incomplete. As if someone else was steering the wheel, and I was just an observer through his eyes. I hadn't kept in touch with anyone, and it all felt fake. 

Fake. Fake. Fake.

I was fake, and everyone else felt fake too. My limbs didn't feel the right length, and every time I looked at myself in the mirror I expected — vaguely — to see other features. Like for example, my face wasn't angular enough, my features not quite sharp, and my nose a bit thinner than it should have been. Dr. Black said it was mild Body Dysphoria. A mental condition, that makes a person fill uncomfortable in their own skin. I trusted her, but at the same time it didn't quite fit. 

It never did. 

A hand on my shoulder made me twitch, "James you're brooding again."

I turned around to look at Anne, round big blue eyes and brown wavy hair framing her concerned features. There was a sort of worry there, along with amusement. She was often stoic, cold, but you could discern things from the way the corners of her mouth twitched in amusement, or her nose would crinkle when she was stressed. Anne wasn't conventionally attractive. Limbs slightly out of proportion, skinny and pale. The sort of person you'd call gangly as a teenager. But she had grown into her frame. Long legs and exceedingly tall, a tad too introverted. I liked her. She was a friend, as much as I could call anyone a friend these days. 

I rubbed my face and blinked the tears out of my eyes, "Why are you still here?" I asked her. It was already dark outside, and most of the lab was empty but for the few zealous or lonely enough to stay through Christmas. Heads up: 'I don't give a shit about the lab.' 

Anne rolled her eyes and heft her bag on her shoulder, "I'm going now, wanted to let you know that I included you on the CC for Johnson's paper. Apparently he made some *breakthrough*, and he wants us to give it a look. Also, don't start adding shit this time, because he never adds people the credit whore he is. " she scoffed. 

I gave her a small smile and nodded, "That's fine, merry Christmas, yeah?"

She didn't turn around but gave me a wave and walked out. I sat there for a few moments, and then turned around to keep writing. 

By the time I got out it was already night time, I was exhausted and the air outside gave me a bit of a kick. Cold and dry, a sort of biting in the bones that made me want to run back in the lab and just sleep on the floor or something. The streets were empty, and I decided to just walk home, it was only a few blocks away and I convinced myself that a bit of exercise wouldn't hurt. Even though I was as thin as a stick, and never seemed to put on pounds. 

-00-00-00-

See sometimes, random decisions create situations that are plain annoying. For example I only made it a block away before some schmuck shoved a gun in my face and asked for my wallet. I've never really been in a situation like this, but it felt trifle. Insignificant even. This wasn't art. See, a real artist would have shot at the knee, pulled me into the alley and then pull out a knife. Slice every time I whimpered or plead for help or even mercy. 

A real artist would have extracted every ounce of fear, maybe even given me a shred of hope that I would live or something. And then at grand finale he'd show me that there was no hope all along and just end me. 

Yes. 

Yes. That would me *amazing*, *wonderful, exhilarating*! Why was this insignificant fucking moron yelling at me? Did he know who I was? I was... 

Who was I? Where did these thoughts come from? James? I was James, right? Normal family, normal... I was normal, and if I didn't give the man my wallet I might die. Right?

No. No. No, I wasn't going to die, I wasn't. I was special, unique, uncontrollable. A mountain. The obstacle that others had to clear for success. 

As if I was floating outside of my body, I watched as someone else — *who was me*— slapped the gun away and pushed the man in the alley. I watched as someone else's bones jumped out of *his* body and pierced the man in the shoulders. And I felt that glorious pain, the bones grinding and chipping against one another and the smell of fear and adrenaline forced me to do more. 

More. More. More! 

I wanted to harm him, break him. I wanted him to feel sadness, and joy, and a million million things. This random man who I didn't know and never would. Yes. By the time I was done with him, he and I would be the most intimate couple of people on earth. 

He would die, and I would live. 

-00-00-00-

My cellphone's ringing woke me up. The nightmare was so surreal, and my clothes clung on me, wet and cold with sweat. I was confused for a few moments, moments that stretched as the phone kept ringing. Annoyed at the sound, I picked it up and Anne's crisp voice echoed, "James are you alright? I've been trying to reach you for a few hours now, I almost called the police!"

"What? Anne, calm down. What happened?"

"You don't know?" she asked, an incredulous tone that I didn't exactly appreciate.

I sighed. An irritated breath that she heard but didn't comment on, "No, I don't. I just woke up"

"Oh, oh. Ok then, it's just... There was an attack near the lab yesterday. There was some bone and a corpse... People are saying that Bonesaw is back." She finished with a whisper. My gut clenched at the name. Bonesaw, a man who used to terrorize entire cities, killed thousands. I should have been horrified, but all I could muster was longing, a nostalgia that didn't really quite fit in the context. 

I sat there for a few moments, getting my thoughts in order, "I, ugh, I'm fine Anne. Thanks for worrying, but I have a massive hangover right now; do you want to get some coffee later?"

"Sure, the usual place?"

"Yeah."

We chatted for a bit longer, and then I rushed to the toilet and practically hurled my guts out. I had some OJ and toast for breakfast that didn't really help and then I brought up the daily news on my tablet. There wasn't much on the attack, but I googled Marquis. The name felt right somehow, it felt as if I knew the man his entire life. Then I saw the pictures, and froze. 

I froze because the man reminded me of what I was supposed to look like. Pale skin, and regal features, hidden by a mask made out of bone that only covered the forehead and eyes. Then the memories from last night hit me like a freight train, and I rushed to the toilet and hurled again, panting over the now murky water. I lifted my finger and forced... Forced something, and bone extruded, my skin bleeding a little as it did. 

I was a mutant, I had always been. Laughter bubbled up in my chest and I let it rise louder and louder as I stared at the bone. 

Then I felt it before I noticed the foot that met my skull. A woman standing behind me, probably some teleporter or something but it was the hair that clinched it. Anne grabbed my head and slammed it on the toilet seat, all the while my laughter didn't stop and I felt no desire to do so. 

She injected some sort of needle in my arm and I instantly felt weak, my bone crumbled away in dust and I lost control of my body. She turned me around and looked at me with pity. Pity! 

I wanted to explode, rage, kill. I wanted her on her knees begging for forgiveness, I...

"Mutant XO114-M7, due to the failure of rehabilitation method thirteen you have been declared unsuccessful and are hereby declared as recipient of kill order code named 'Firefly', " she pulled a gun and aimed right at my skull, "may your soul rest in piece, you piece of..." A gunshot rung and I closed my eyes, ready to accept the inevitable. 

I blinked for a few seconds, and I was covered in blood and gray matter, Anne slowly toppled sideways and behind her stood a boy no older than fifteen, a huge smile on his face, "Uncle James! I never expected to see you again."


EDIT: Marquis is actually a villain in the Web Novel, Worm by Wildbow. Although a relatively minor one that I thought would make a basis for this snippet. Thanks for reading!