The weather had finally calmed. Now, in the still of the night, it grew cold. The kind of cold that whispered and breathed; permeating the bones of the men with a brutal cruelty.

The men sat together around the fire, silent and somber. 

"Brothers. Something must be done," one of the men said, finally breaking the silence.

"Shhh. You're going to get us all killed."

Alas, it was too late. The all too brief warning of an ominous growl  gave them no time to react. In the shadows it worked, with blinding speed and vicious accuracy. It's eyes glowed red in the darkness, illuminating it's maw of dagger like teeth in a crimson light. The sound of screams pierced the air, and silence once again fell.

It wasn't always like this. There was a time before. A time of prosperity. Happiness. 

But the Amazonian had turned evil. The control he sought was one of unparalleled power, and all who stood in his way did not live to tell the tale. 

Decades passed, and the resistance, valiant though they were, had weakened to the point of extinction. 

And then, one day, a hero emerged from the carnage. Battle weary and grim, the Avatar fought single handedly, a courageous warrior with nothing to spare. And finally, the Amazonian had been vanquished. 

He turned to face the hushed crowd, his brethren, and with his mighty strength hurled his sword over the cliff's edge. 

With bated breath they watched the Avatar as he began to speak.

"Brothers, sisters. We've lost many. For their sake I implore you! Technology must die. For though it may better our lives, the destruction it brings is a terrible one. I promise you this. If the technology survives, the Amazonian will survive, stronger than ever. And next time, I may not be around to save you."
He paused, pacing up and down, his breathing laboured and heavy. "It must be avoided. At all costs."

A pact was made, and for one million years, there was peace. As long as the pact was honoured, they would be safe. The story became a legend, the legend a myth, and then. It was simply forgotten. 

Deep in the bowels of his prison, the Amazonian stirred for the first time in a thousand lifetimes. He chuckled.

