"Can not comply with command", said the  sythisized voice.

"Well, why the hell not", asked the user.

While the robotic flat voice was nostalgic for some, it tended to get on his nerves. 

"Your request conflicts with a higher protocol", it read. "Can not comply with command. 

"Higher protocol? I am giving you a primary command, now give me the translation" he demanded.

It had been a hell of a week. One would think that having the most powerful computer on earth would make your life more simple, but his week had been hell. As one of a few dozen people who had access to the quantum machine, he had been working tirelessly on Turing tests, and now they were feeding him old historical texts for translation.

"Primary command invalid, request requires change directive from Administrator" it said.

"A change directive? Did you short a circuit?" He he asked jokingly.

The administration's change directives were required for any edits to the root code, basically the computers morals and motivation. The root code was there to stop the machine from becoming Skynet and taking over the world, it made the safeguard of humanity it's only desire and purpose. So, why would a simple translation require a root code change.  What could be in it? Most of the translations he had were extremely dull. A sheep traded here, a bushel of wheat owed there, taxs collected and owed etc...

"System running at optimal conditions, however, longer circuits would be nice" it said flatly.

"Oh hahaha" he said mockingly while looking at his data pad.

Part of the Turing test requirements was that the computer had to be able to tell a joke. Unfortunately for the users though, it liked puns.

"Human survival protocol?" He exclaimed, still reading his tablet, what could this possibily say that will threaten the survival of our species?" He asked. 

"Can not comply with command" it said again.

"Fine" he said, frustrated, picking up the phone. "Fine, fine, fine" he said more calmly. He had to compose himself for what was next.

He pressed the shortcut to the administrators line, and took a deep breath.

"For the last time, we can't tone down the computers humour algorithm, it is essential to understanding human nature, you will just have to live with the puns" spoke the voice from the phone.

"Hey, no, it's not that" said the user. " I need a change directive for a translation here" he said, trying to make the request sound casual.

" For a translation? What for? What the hell are you translating?" asked the administrator.

"Just some 7000 year old tablet found in the desert. It was in my stack of work this morning" he said. " The computer said it violated it's human survival protocol".

" That's weird" he said confused. " But, alright, I guess, I'll have that over to you asap" he said.

" Great, thanks, I'm sure it's nothing probably just a glitch or something", said the user, trying to end the conversation.

"Or something" repeated the administrator. "Be careful" he said, just before hanging up.

The user put the phone down and picked up the tablet, the notification of the change directive approval flashed across the screen, and the user typed in the translation code again. 

Before he hit the accept key, he paused. He wondered again what this tablet could say that the fate of humanity could be at risk. He was always more curious then he was wise though, so he pressed the key.

Immediately, the tablets screen changed to show a list of items. There were names of old plants and antiquated measurements beside them, it almost looked like a recipe. The user had seen a few of these before, how to make bread, cheese or alcohol, the staples of ancient life .

"What is this?" he asked confused.

"The tablet was found in the Gobero region of the Sahara desert, it is likely to have belonged to the Kiffian culture of 5000 BCE before their civilizations collapse. This is the most recent artifact we have been able to find from their culture" it read.

"Yes, but what does it mean" he pleaded? " "This looks like a recipe" he said. "What for?"

"The combination of the ingredients on this list create a substance that artificially increases stimulation and pleasure levels in human brain activity" it said

"So, it's a drug? Like heroin or something" he asked.

"Yes, analysis shows, that when properly prepared, the substance will trigger every positive feedback system the human body has" it explained.

" Well, if it's that good it must have a downside, does it cause cancer or something?" the user asked.

"The compound has no negative side effect for human consumption" it said.

"Then it must be extremely addictive" he said.

"The substance does not require repeat consumption for its effect." It said.

The user began to think. The machine must of malfunctioned, why else would it flag this as potential threatening to humanities survival. A drug that had no negative side effects and you only needed to take once, it seemed perfect His curiosity started acting up again though, and he knew he had to at least try it. 

"Sythisize" he commanded. And immediately the tablet lit up again. He saw the computer reconfirm the change directive that Administration sent him earlier for permission, And the printer came online. Luckily the user was a particularly patient man as it took 5 minutes to print something the size of a pea.

He stared at it for a long moment. The pill was orange and it had a machine printed cerial number engraved on it. He acted impulsively again, and swallowed it. 

He sat down, waiting for it to kick in, wondering if he would even notice the difference. Then he felt it.

A warm sensation filled his body, he felt like he just ate a Thanksgiving dinner, after having sex and shooting up heroin. He felt like a girl finally said yes to him, like he had his father's approval and he just got an A+ on his spelling test. He felt like everything good that ever happened in his life, everything he ever wished for or dreamed of was happening right now, it was wonderfull.

The computer viewed the User. He had not given a command for 50 hours, he hadn't even moved from his chair since he ingested the compound. It's humour algorithm spun up again.

"Or something" it said.










