There was a raised statue overlooking the landscape, even thought it was made to bring a sense of peace to the whole development, it was hard to make the stern face of the commander of the Void Battalion approachable, but there he was, a smiling Grimlord overlooking the city, on the hill his victory became reality, the statue read "Only heroes write history", he knew that wasn't the exact quote but the meaning came across.

It had been a year since "The Collapse", the day all governments and heroes had lost to the villains and caused the paradigm shift in how the world is ran. It was the first annual meeting, Theodore Nefarious Grim, The Grimlord was on his feet, while on his left there were The Pale doctor, a woman with lavindish red hair, pale blue eyes and even a more pale skin, her smile was sweet meanwhile her stare was not, she pushed biomedical technology so far that chemical warfare was nothing more than a child's game for her, on her left there was a behemoth of a man, almost three meters tall, wrapped in muscles, not much is known besides his muscles are only second to his knowledge, everyone called him Banner in honor of a comic book character, to the right of the Commander there were a set of twins, "The Colossi", while both were androgynous, looking both Male and female, their tone of voice gave away the surprise, one a electromechanical engineer so advanced in her fields that he didn't built machines, but allies while the Male was a both a biology doctor and a bio chemist.

Behind them there was a platoon of 12 unique guards, up front stands the "Leaders of Humanity", intellectuals placed to act as place holder leaders with the duties to act under the chain of command, between them there was media coverage not only on TV and radio, but online on social media and more.

A cold, paced voice echoed 
"We shall start:
As of today it has been 365 days since our victory" savoring the last word as much as possible "all the heroes died or cowered in fear meanwhile I and my brethren free humanity from the shackles of cravens and ursuppers, no more fossil fuels are being used except for your endeavors Mr. Musk, thanks to young Freja the medical field has come to an era of no diseases and no multiple pharmaceuticals being thrown around, Mr. Banner has managed to cool down the planet five degrees celcius per average in just this time, the Colossi brought back most extinct animals back to the ecosystem"

The silence after the voice of the new leader was powerful, it sent shivers down the spine of everyone.

"NOW.
There is much to discuss in great detail, this were just the first accomplishments, what are you most concerned about?"

Everyone wanted to speak but remembered the new rules, everyone deserves time to speak so take a number, the first to stand up was a young woman, twenty one, a reporter with a bionic hand and a scar over her left eye.

"Improvements, much needed improvements yes, but at what cost Dr. Thedo..." she hesitated "sorry, commander"

"Worry not child, it is just a title. Either shall suffice, carry on"

"Thousands died. All entities we held in high regard perished. YOU WERE AND ARE VILLIANS, my biggest concern is what will happen when ruling doesn't suits you anymore or when someone tries to stand up to take your mantle?"

"You speak the truth, but is it not worth it?, the east knows peace, the west is no longer obese, or not increasingly obese for now, the north and south are starting to freeze again. Mother nature's respite is being postponed, yet you call us villains when we have done more good than harm?"

"I call you villains thanks to the way you obtained your position"

"I studied for almost 30 years, gain knowledge no one understands, met higher entities and used that experience to overcome the reality I was placed in, everyone who stood on my side are at least as equally capable as I am, we are a transparent organization, mischievous yes but at least we show you since the first day, the war machine died and on it's wreck we salvaged the malnourished and the unhomed, your conception of good and evil is as lacking as humanity is of education, things have not been as good as they are before and I hope they are never as bad as they are either."

"YOU KILL-"
"Everyone in power kills" spoke the Doctress 
"It's "human" nature to kill if you overpower your foes, but the corpses shall feed the ground and in return feed our sons in the next generation, we should grasp and grip the past but the future, the hand you sport is here thanks to me, if your heroes had won you would had been a cripple for much longer child"

"Freja, although you're making a great point, you're being too direct to a child, keep your tongue in check in front of the leader please, we are in public after all"

A quick laugh came out of the back group, the guards smiled.

"Silence you fools" commanded Grim "Laughter directed at a learning youngling shall not be permitted, you lot will be punished... I'm sorry my child, they meant to laugh but are not objectivibly smart, do you wish to proceed or lend the word to someone else?"

A man stood up from the crowd, "I just want to say that you killed my father and left my little brother a cripple, but I have never seen my mother clean, I didn't thought I could go to school, SHIT I didn't even imagined I would be given a  job as a social care worker, You are evil doc, but you're better than the trash we had before"


"That's inspiring young man, thank you.
If no one else has anything notable to say let's begin, it's almost first breakfast time and I don't want to be late to slamhouse Monday, so let's discuss topic to topic and take worthy mentions here and there shall we?"


Humanity does not agree, but they can't deny that this day the world seems much brighter than before.