*Grim smiled at his obersavtion and noticed his young students confusion. He cleared his throught and continued*

I’ll start from the beginning. Our first few skirmishes with humans had been pretty normal. We destroyed a colony or two and took their wonderfully terraformed land for ourselves. An old fashioned welcome to the neighbor-hood 

Humans responded in typical fashion of young species. They sent their envoys for treaties and fortified their colonies. They boosted military spending so they could enter the galactic arms race. We figured, they learned their lesson: They're the new kids on the block, they better keep their heads down and stay out of our way. 

I mean, we obliterated them in those early days. Just utterly destroyed them. Any counter attacks they tried failed miserably. And for each ship they did take down, we took hundreds of theirs. 

How were supposed to know how great a mistake we made? We figured, money ruled supreme in the universe. That resources were scarce enough to drive a shakey peace between species. In those days, Death was common, but war was not.

War is costly, I mean real war. Not just I hit you and you hit me. But when you are fighting for survival, profits take a real hit. We hadn’t faught a real war in generations. Why would you? There is money in prolonged conflict. Why destroy that endless stream of revenue?

But something strange started to happen. We began to see huge numbers of human refugees flooding our colonies. The humans it seemed blamed their own kind for their failures. Instead of uniting in the face of unmatched power, they became increasingly devided. The humans we sheltered told us horrible stories of genocide and wretched dictators.

They said how land was confiscated from people considered inferior and put to use for the state. How the majority of people chose to turn on one another in hopes of surviving. 

We thought, these humans are barbaric. They need our help. So we continued to bring in refugees fleeing from the cruel regime. The stories we heard grew ever more concerning. Faction wars and full out war on planets. Nuclear bombs being dropped on civilian targets.

We felt responsible. We had just been playing our games and had unknowingly made the humans feels their backs were in the corner. They were like wild animals, ready to eat their own young rather than starve. 

And all the while the refugees were straining our economy, food was running scarce and we were shocked to see some of the same behaviors and mind sets that had made them refugees begin to emerge.

We were scared. So we made a decision, unheard of back than and retgretful since. We armed the refugees and sent them back. We at first believed they would be unwilling to go fight, but they were more than happy. They smiled when we showed their provisional government the capital ships we made for them. When they saw the warehouses of guns they laughed.

We had our doubts... but what choice was there? More refugees only kept coming and this conflict among the humans needed to stop. So the newly founded Freedom Army left port and began to wage war on their fellow humans. 

At first they were successful, but we didn’t account for spies and turn couts. Soon the dictators and state powers had our technology and turned it on our Freedom Army. It was only months before they were destroyed and assimilated as little more than slaves. 

The refugees demanded more help. They demanded more direct assistance, but we could not. We had given much more than we could afford and our once peaceful society was begin to crack. New factions were rising and a great political change was taking place in our houses of government.

Eventually the humans were biting at our borders, claiming we had sheltered traitors and supplied the enemy. That we had atognized them with no cause. They were right, but when we tried to explain that this was just the rules they only grew angrier.

Their delegates to our government began to talk fervently, of justice and peace. Peace of all things! This species who had shown its to have no loyalties to its own kind, to put pride over compliance, now spoke of peace.

I sat in the hall that day, a junior senator from a far off territory whose citiea had been razed in a recent human attack. Not claimed and repurposed but razed, an entire planet of farms and food production made useless. People left starving and requiring a massive rescue effort.

I had just finished a plee for assistance, and all I could do was watch as these humans spoke of peace. I stood to ask a question, interrupting their speech, “what Kind of peace will leave you content?” The humans paused and turned towards an ancient looking member of their group. He stood to address our senate, “I think when you all hear we desire peace, you think we want to move on and leave this war behind us. Perhaps go back to making money, go back to our families. Ok time we will.

But the truth is, When we say we want peace, we do not mean we wish to surrender our right to vengeance. We do not want to forget the countless lives lost. We do not want move on. We will never forget the horrors you have inflicted on us and The decisions you have driven us towards. Our children may have trouble forgiving us What we have done, and they may never come to terms with it.

but they will never forgive you, and if we do not obtain vengeance now they will never rest. They will be consumed with the memory of their ancestors suffering. When we say we want peace, we mean we desire to avenge our dead and ensure the next generation can walk with their head held high.

That is peace for us. Nothing so simple as an end to war, but being able to sleep knowing we did all we could.”

The senate was silent. We didn’t understand, and i still do not. The humans continued to wage war on us until our society utterly collapsed.

It wasn’t until we were defeated did we learn what their version of peace was. When we defeated people in total war, we would leave them for dead. Complete anhiliation. But the humans, they didn’t leave at all. Their warships turned into relief supplies. Their generals into governors.

They embraced our children as their own and made sure the orphans were cared for. I realized the most bizzare thing. When they had talked about hoping the future generations would forgive them, they were not talking about their own peoples. But ours.

Peace for the humans was not simply an end to war, but the hope that our people’s can grow afterward.