EDIT: Part 2 is ready (see below):

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"The colors are all so beautiful," I say out loud and the faces around me smile, pleased.  There is a man leaning over me, staring intently into my eyes which have just started working for the first time since I was born.

"How do you feel, any headaches or nausea?"  He has an older, kind face.  I recognize his voice as the doctor that has been working with me since I checked into the hospital, and  he still seems to shine as bright as the others.  It's a kind of luminescence that sends trails of color as he moves.

I shake my head slowly.  "No, I'm just a little," I pause to think of exactly what this feeling is.  I'm excited, but there's still a bit of hesitation.  I swallow, "it's all a little disorientating."

The glowing doctor smiles.  "That is to be expected.  Take a few minutes, get adjusted slowly.  Your family is here."

Another older woman comes towards me slowly, tears in her shining face.  Her steps as light as a bird on a windowsill, the same steps my mother always uses when she's worried.

"Annabel, what do you see?"  I smile at my mother, each tear a prism of color and light sparkling on her face.

"I can see you mom."  I smile and she rushes forward, squeezing me into a familiar and comforting squeeze.  Over my mother's shoulder, I see the woman who in in the bed next to me.  We've talked briefly over the last few days, while I sat bandaged waiting until I recovered enough from the surgery to test my new eyes.  She was going in for brain surgery later today.

She is pretty, a lean frame and bangs that frame her face.  She is looking at me and smiling as well at the good news of my sight.  But there is something drastically different about her.  "Shelby, why aren't you in color?"

Mid-hug, my mother stiffens.  The doctor gently pulls her back and shines a small pen light in my eyes, flicking it in and out of my field of vision.  "What do you mean Shelby's not in color?"

I look closer.  Her bed, her sheets, her gown.  Everything she touches is a deep gray, as is Shelby herself.  She frowns, concern crossing her features.  The doctor turns to her.  "Shelby, would you mind coming over here, please?"

Shelby slides her legs out of bed and stands, making her way slowly over to me. As the last of the sheet slips from her body to rest back on the bed, the bed turns back to color, although it doesn't have the shining light that the people in the room do.  The other doctors standing quietly to the side in the room begin scribbling furiously on their charts.

"Please Annabel," the same doctor begins, looking through a handheld device, peering through it with one of his eyes and my faulty one.  "Go ahead and look carefully at Shelby and see if there's still a difference up close."

"Yes," I answer without hesitation.  "The room is full of colors.  Everyone else in the room is shining.  I can see Shelby clearly, but she is in black and white.  There are no colors.

The doctor puts down his instruments and turns back to Shelby.  "Thank you for you help.  You can sit down, the anesthesiologist will be in soon to start prepping you."

"Is Anna going to be ok?" she asks, sliding slowly back under the covers, draining the color from everything she touches.

The doctor turned back to me.  "Of course.  There is a lot of new pathways that need to develop between the eyes and the brain.  But just to be safe, I'd like to go take you to get an MRI and a few other tests done.  Just to take a look at what's going on."

And so began the long series of events I'd become to accustomed to during my stay in the hospital.  Trips to different parts of the hospitals, filling out the same forms and confirming the same information over and over.  I peeked into other rooms in the hospital during my trip.  Some of the patients were in vibrant color, others in black and white.

After the rest of the afternoon had slipped away into a string of inconclusive tests, I was finally brought back to my room to rest.  Shelby was gone, already in surgery.  So I started to settle into my half of the room.  I had barely picked up my book from the side table when my mother was back in the room, rushing towards my bed.

"Have you been here the whole time mom?  Why don't you go home for a bit?"

"I have some bad news for you, sweetie.  Your roommate, Shelby.  Her surgery didn't go well.  The doctors just came by to let us know she didn't make it.  I thought it would be easier if you heard it from me."

I blink back the few tears that spring to my eyes and look towards Shelby's now empty bed.  I only knew her for a few days, but she was nice and it's difficult when death touches so close.

"Thank you for telling me mom.  I'll be ok, I'd actually like a bit of time to myself.  Go home, you have to be exhausted."

My mother smiles weakly, massaging her shoulder and down her left arm.  She takes a deep breath, coughs a bit and tries to take another, sighing.  "Maybe you're right.  I could use some sleep."

As she turns around, the small beads of sweat around her hairline and brow are the first things to change.  The rainbow prism of color pulls back into the drops of sweat, taking all the color with them.  From the center of her chest outward, the color seems to leak and drain, until she too, is only black and white.

She is almost out of the room before I yell in terror, "No, mom.  Stay here in the hospital with me."

r/StaceyOutThere

Part 2 is ready.  Find it here:  [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/StaceyOutThere/comments/9sp4j9/color_blind_part_2/)