“Well, that fucking sucks,” I said, laughing at fact that I had survived. One minute I was riding in the back of my humvee, the next I was standing beside the burned out shell watching my squadmates struggle to get Rodriguez out. I walked around to the other side to grab the radio pack when I saw it, my head, or what was left of it.  Sitting on the ground beside what looked like my pack. 
“What the shit?” I grabbed my head and held it. Not understanding what was happening, when He appeared. 
“Well now, what do we have here?” That voice, I’ll never forget the voice. It sounded just like He had been taking drags straight from the headers of a Diesel engine. Low, gravely, other worldly, powerful. On the ground my body relieved itself and I wished I could do the same. 
“Looks like another one of us, Gael,” now there were two voices, this one lighter, but still, it had the same power in it. Now I was truly terrified. 
“Who are you?” I asked, reaching for the rifle by my body, but unable to touch it. 
Laughter, a laugh that made my from shiver with fear. From the smoke came the shadowy figures, black robes, long, thin, skull like faces. Blood red circles under eyes as yellow as the sun over Kandahar. 
“We, are Reapers, as you are now,” The first voice said. “My name is Gael, this is Raphael, and you need to come with us now.” 
As Gael said this, I saw a small red wisp form from where Rodriguez was sitting in the humvee, the other reaper reached out and tapped the wisp with his scythe. A portal opened below him and the wisp faded down into the depths. 
“What do you mean I’m a reaper?” I asked, shakily. 
“Well, when you were born, the big guy forgot to give you a soul, whether from drinking wine too much, or your whore of a mother sold it we will never know, but you have to find it. Hopefully it isn’t too far away,” Raphael said, his scythe hummed with power, just like his voice. “You must travel with us to forge your scythe at the mouth of hell, all will be explained there, until then, we will help you.” 
“Now, are you ready to leave this shithole behind?” Gael asked, motioning to my body.
I took his hand and stepped into the depths. 

