Karen and I broke up a little over a year ago. 

We had had a whirlwind romance.  We both knew our respective Soul Mates lived in the city and it felt right at first.  After a few months we knew it wasn't right.  We could see it in each other's eyes.  In those moments we were alone when the visions came, we saw familiar places, the restless city beyond our doors, but the visions never stopped once we hooked up.  It wasn't right.  

Three months and four days after that career building mixed where we met, that was the day we knew it was over.  We both knew that the other knew.  It felt like some youthful joy was permanently lost that day.

It felt like we shared one of those unspoken conversations.  The kind shared by old couples who never found their SMs and just stopped looking.  They settled down with some they knew, who was familar, but wasn't The One.  The kind of conversations that there aren't words for.  There was a week or two of, like, stunned silence between us before the fighting began.

Anyway, yeah, I've told you about Karen before.  So yeah, the minute came and instead of things I'd seen before, the subway,  the bodega on 6th and Center, I saw Karen.  And not spotted from a distance either, where the haze of the vision makes you question it.  No.  Karen was there and she was talking to her face.  She was not happy, she was demanding.  I could see that tone that Karen sometimes had.  When she thinks she's right and trying to talk you out of something.  Just like the way she said things, it was just... ugh.  And she was only right like 50% of the time, max.  Like, no better than random chance.  She was pulling that on my SM!?  What the hell.  

I could even make out some of the words.  I watched her say that damned catch phrase she had "You wouldn't know (blank) if it slapped you in the face." I hated that.  Like, I remember she said to me, "You're so obsessed with your soul mate you can't get your head out of the clouds.  You wouldn't recognize it if they slapped you in the goddamn face!"  We broke up two days later.

Jeez.  I can't believe that still gets to me.  Is there like, is there a class for that, to just cut somebody open like that but still tell them exactly what they need to hear?

I guess I should be thankful, I've gotten more of my life together since then.  It sounds terrible to say, but it felt like she was like a "training girlfriend." 

So yeah that was last month.  I've been tying not to obsess since then, but it's hard.  Work helps, your advice has helped a lot.

Sorry, can I use the bathroom?

*"Sure, but we still need to end our session on the hour."*

...

Oh my God!  It happened again!  I had another one!  

She must know Karen or something! I saw her building, she was going in and she...

Where's my phone?  Would it be weird to call her and ask?

*"Slow down, let's be thoughtful about our actions, remember the three steps?"*

Yeah yeah. 

I know Karen knows her.  She has to, she went up to Karen's floor and she was getting out her keys and...

Karen.

I have to go.
