"Stop, Ass-face!" I yell at the young lady in front of me.  I have no idea who this person is, but she certainly matches the description of "super villain."  She, in her mech suit whips around to face me, her eyes glowing with hated.

"You dare interrupt The Dominatrix?!" she seethes.  The Dominatrix's eyes meet mine, her jaw drops as quickly as she dropped the top half of a body she was carrying.  "I'm sorry!  I give up!  I should have known they'd send you!  Please, consider me defeated and just let the authorities take me!  I'd rather face the Justice system than you!"

Honestly, I'm scared shitless: dead bodies, burning cars all over the road.  I know I need to send a message though, this is my duty.  "Yeah, they are going to take you, and you better pray for mercy.  That robot won't protect you from me..."  I use my super-strength to punch the car I'm standing next to and hopefully send it flying.  Instead, I feel the bones in my hand instantly shatter, "Nope!  Don't have super-strength!"  Tears fill my eyes; I totally punched that car's window and it didn't even break!  If anything, my bones are WEAKER than an average man's!

I get myself to a doctor, they ask me what kind of cast I want, but I have a really hard time deciding.  I spend the next three hours trying to decide between neon colors, dots, stripes, plaid, or camo.  I eventually choose all of them.  I spent the whole time telling the doctor about my day and when I left, he was sobbing, "he just doesn't stop being the hero he is.  HE JUST DOESN'T STOP!!!"  The nurses tend to him as I leave.

The moment I walk out of the hospital, someone points at my cast, "he's become even MORE powerful!"  Maybe this fool thinks I've grown armor.  "It's just a cast," I state, quite intelligently, "it's not actually armor."  The starstruck citizen runs off, "no villain will be able to stand his might!"

I turn the corner and find myself faced with some bank robbers.  This is my moment to discover my true powers, "Stop or I'll use my power to control the weather on you!"

"He's become so powerful that he thinks he can invent new powers!"  the bad guys yell as they run into the bank, "JESUS CHRIST!  Someone call the cops to arrest us before he guesses his REAL powers!"

I'm starting to get really annoyed that everyone else knows my powers and I don't.  That's it, I'm gonna try the ultimate power.  I make my way to the roof of a downtown business building and prepare my body for the sick flight I'm about to take.  I rev up, run, and leap mightily into the sky.  I can't believe how weightless I feel, the wind whipping through my hair.  I open my eyes and realize I'm falling like a rock.  From below, I hear someone shout, "Look!  Fuck-Ugly Incredibly Stupid Annoying Guy is taking his ultimate form!"

I see my reflection in a window and am shocked by the monster before me.  Thank God I'm about to be put out of my misery...  I feel the crunching and hear the sickening splat explode on the pavement.  How am I not dead?  Is this my superpower?  I just can't die and the doctors keep piecing me back together, each time more deformed than the last.  I can't wait to tell someone about my new discovery, if only I had someone to talk to.  Maybe the next villain they send me to fight will want to hear it...