Hiking up a dormant volcano in a long black robe and flimsy sandals wasn't the most ideal situation. It wasn't a matter of if we would slip in the loose black soil or trip on the jagged rocks but how many times. It didn't help that Master Anderson made the trek every other day and kept up an unreasonable pace. "Keep up" he said. "You are about to meet the heralds of the next age, and here you are spending time floundering in the dirt."  


As a group we glared at his back as he kept on climbing. It was a good thing novices weren't allowed weapons otherwise Anderson would have been dead ages ago. I'm sure more than one of my compatriots was wondering how easy it would be for the old man to have an accident on the way back. We all kept on muddling through. The prize at the end of this climb was too enticing, a chance to see a living breathing dragon. 


When I brought the papers home from the first informational meeting, my father warned me that it was a cult, that I was being suckered by con men. He wasn't wrong. Unlike his fears however it wasn't a sex cult, luckily. I mean the masters have an orgy every month but it's completely voluntary. No this was more of an End of the World type cult, and a sciency one to boot! That was what had really intrigued me. These robed serious faced old folks had somehow managed to selectively breed a mythological creature, or at least that's what they claimed. 


This was the second highest mountain in our small chain of islands, and each island held its own ongoing experiment. Anderson bragged that his subject was one of the most successful iterations yet, and would surely bring about the metamorphosis of the planet. An eruption thousands of years ago had collapsed the top of the volcano into a fairly level summit, which was now in sight. 


At the end of the path Anderson waited by an enormous brass gate which stood by itself unconnected to any fence or wall surrounding the summit. When one of the novices asked what the point of such a gate was Anderson replied "It's symbolic you dunce, now get in there!" With that he threw open the gate and ushered us through into a landscape scattered with large black boulders. "Novices I present to you Aradaia, she is to be the mother of our herald. Kneel before her!" 


Anderson kneeled and threw his hands in the air, and other novices began to slowly kneel as well but none of us could make out any dragon on the mountaintop. Then I noticed one of the largest boulders rise and fall ever so gently, a breath. It wasn't black like the others but a dark green. I tapped Albert the closest novice to me and pointed. His sharp intake of breath alerted the rest and soon murmurs were running through the crowd. 


"As you have passed through the gate of ultimate knowledge and laid eyes on the fruits of our endless labor now you are true members. As such I will answer any questions you have." Anderson's voice carried and finally the boulder seemed to notice us, it began to uncoil.  


She was serpentine. long and thin. Her body was covered in overlapping scales that were iridescent in the afternoon light. Completely uncoiled from spined snout to the tip of her flat tail she was probably forty feet long, and at her full height stood fifteen feet. 


"Can she fly?" One novice asked. It was a fair question, as the creature had no wings, and her legs though graceful did not seem strong enough to get the great beast airborne. 


"Sadly no, her father had some vestigial appendages which one might consider wings but they did not work for a creature of his great size. She did not inherit this feature." 


"Can she breath fire?"


"What creature do you know breaths fire? There are none, that aspect of a dragon is nothing but a fairy tale." With these answers the excitement in the crowd died a little. 


"What do you feed her?" I asked.


"She is more than capable of feeding herself. She is most at  home in the water and consumes mostly fish." I looked at the dragon again and noticed her flat tail again, the long serpentine neck, her clawed feet were webbed. She would be fast and deadly in the water, not much would stand up to her. 


As another novice was about to ask another question there was a piercing cry from the direction of the largest island. At that cry Aradaia perked her head up and responded with a high pitched moan almost like a whale song. We turned towards the source and saw in the air another creature. It was a lighter green than Aradaia but it was much larger and coming towards us quickly. Its limbs were thicker and between them was stretched some sort of membrane. It landed gracefully and still the ground shook when it set down. When it stood up straight it was probably ten feet taller than its female counter part but much shorter in length. Wherever she was sleek and graceful he was built sturdier. His claws looked to be about two feet long and his teeth protruded from his stubby snout. Anderson slightly frowned at his appearance as though embarrassed that his project didn't appear as menacing. 


"And this is Feigerion, the project of Master Heathrow. It is a bright day for you novices as now you have met both parents of what will be our herald! Blessed be the new world order they usher in!"


Now that I saw the two of them together I began to understand the enormity of what this group of people had accomplished. For all of their oddities and eccentricities, they were doing something truly unheard of, they were bringing legends to life. When these two creatures mated it would hopefully create an awe inspiring beast that was master of land, water, and air. Aradaia arose from her rock and pressed herself up against Feigerion twining her long neck around his as if to embrace him. Feigerion bellowed once more. 
Anderson clapped his hands "Alright let us leave the heralds in peace and return to the conclave." He turned and started back down the path. "Even though you aren't novices anymore don't think that gets you out of your cleaning duties. Also last one out closes the gate!"


Suddenly I didn't dread going back down to the compound and spending hours cleaning. I knew with enough time and energy I too could become one of the masters. I didn't care about bringing about a new age, but I wanted to watch the dragons grow and evolve and thrive. If listening to these old fools gave me a chance to be near these amazing creatures I'd do anything the masters asked me to. 
