“Oh. There. He’s waking up.” said a male voice. 
“I better leave, then. You should be the first person he sees.”

I open my eyes. A white ceiling. I can see every detail of it, in a way I don’t think I have ever before.
 
“I will be outside if you need me, miss Moss. Please remember it’s been four years, be gentle.”

The door closes. My vision focuses on a young blonde woman, sitting next to me.

“Hi.” she manages to say. 

I look at her for what seems forever. 

“Angela. Hey.” I reply. My voice sounds confused, but clear. 

She smiles and a few tears drop down her face.
She seems happy, though. She reaches out and touches my hand through the white blanket. 

“What can you remember?" she asks me then. 

A burst of memories explode violently inside me. 

I remember I was home. I got an email. 

“Congratulations! You have won 20 million bitcoins!" 

Of course, I didn't believe any of that spam nonsense. But then I looked at my wallet account on my watch. 

20 million Bitcoins. 

Then I remembered that popular website everyone was using to bet bitcoins on predictions. 
I had bet 10 coins to predicting some irrelevant and very unlikely sports outcome. 

Apparently, I had been the only one. And it had happened just as I predicted. 

I remember I took my car and set it to manual driving, since I was too excited to wait around to get to Angela’s place to tell her in person. 

I remember how excited I was. In this age, that amount could make the wildest dreams come true. 
I thought about what I wanted to do with it, and closed my eyes for a second to picture it. 

And then pain. Pure black and pain. 

“I rushed to tell you I had won a bunch of money” I  said when I managed to surface from my memory. 

“And then the accident.” she said. 

“They took you to the university hospital as soon as they could. Then I came. You were wrecked. It was so hard seeing you like that. They said you were all broken beyond repair, and that your mind was slowly drifting into nothing.” she covered her face. 

“They said it was up to me to choose to pull the plug or wait for you to die. 

I chose neither. You were wearing your watch when the whole thing happened, and it recorded your excitement. 

I wondered what could have made you be so reckless, and found the email. 

I asked the doctors to peek inside you and see what they could find, and they could only find a simple desire you were thinking about right before the accident. 

Then, well...I guess you can see for yourself.”

Angela gestured towards the blankets. 

I grabbed them from the inside with my hands, and pulled down with a surprisingly effortless movement. 

I was naked. Pristine. Intact, without a single scar or broken bone. 

Then I noticed something else. 

This body was synthetic.