A flash of blinding white light filled the alley way as I sat against a damp stone wall upon a length of old and moldy cardboard. Letting slip the bottle of whiskey from my hand as it clanked against the pavement without cracking or breaking, lucky us old drunkards these bottles are designed for poor handling. 

Regaining my bearings I glanced down the alley towards the source of the light to discover a nude man of average height, perhaps slightly overweight, and with questionable choice in hairstyle. Flexing his muscles beneath a healthy layer of fat the heavy-built man admired his form as if seeing it for the first time. Noticing my existence as he gazed upon the hairs of his left arm with mild fascination. 

"What year is it?" He asked calmly.

Not eager to anger the naked man that came from the light I answered swiftly. "It's 1980, sir." I yelped, tacking on a formal *sir* for good measure. 

"Excellent." Responded the man. Without hesitation he began lumbering towards me. His first few steps seemed alien to him, and only after a few moments of stumbling did he manage a proper stride. Approaching with callus eyes of nobility, or perhaps, even a demigod he looked down upon me with only his eyes and never once lowered his chin to indicate his head towards my existence. 

"What's your name?" He asked coldly upon reaching my position. By this point I was curled up as far against the wall as I could possible go.

"Matt." I answered fearfully. His gaze suddenly intensified with loathing as he let out an exhausted breathe. "Groening!" I hastily added, realizing I'd only partially answered his question.

He took a moment to consider this, looking up towards the sky and repeating the words aloud. "Matt Groening." He uttered with mild amusement. "I suppose it will do."

"Do for what?" I asked after a moment of tense silence.

"Congratulations Matt Groening, I'm about to turn your miserable life around." He declared with ominous joy. "There's only thing I ask in return."

I couldn't bring myself to ask what the price for his benevolence would be. An aura of dread and death was pulsing from the core of his very being as a cruel intention leaked from his wicked mind.

"All I need is your life." Sneered the man, his hand shooting towards me with mechanical speed as his fingers gripped my skull. Without warning I was lifted into the air against the red brick wall of the building, unable to scream, or move, or fight back as a strange force robbed my body of motion. A burning from the hands of this man entering into my mind as memories of my childhood, family, and life were seemingly drained from the aether of my and sucked into his all-consuming grip.

As the last light of my life danced before my eyes I'd forgotten everything I'd ever know. All that had made me who I was now stolen by the entity that appeared from light. The only memory I'd been allowed to keep as my eyes closed for one final rest and my soul separated from my being was that of a smiling face glaring into my eyes with curious disregard. 