Winter wasn't here yet. There was no reason for it to be this cold. But Mother Nature's respect for the calendar seemed to wane every year, and last night an unnatural cold had crept up on the streets of New York, despite it being early November. Still technically Fall, but the slightest wind hurt my ears and stung my cheeks. I rang up my boss. 

"I'm going to be a bit late," I sighed. My breath crystallized. "Just getting some coffee." 

"Get me one too. Black's fine." He hung up. 

The weather put a damper on everyone's mood, and I overheard a few customers grumbling about the wait as I got in line for Starbucks. The fact that it stretched out the door certainly didn't seem to help. A thin layer of frost had formed over the large glass wall, transforming my view of the interior into an oil painting that, while pretty, gave little clue as to how long I'd have to wait. A homeless man lay unconscious on the curb just a few feet away. 

"Hey! You okay?" I called, unwilling to give up my spot in line. Call me selfish, but any of the other twenty or so passerby who weren't late for work could've done something. "You! On the sidewalk!" 

A few heads turned, but the pedestrians kept walking. Most averted their eyes. Was he dead?

"Damnit." The crowd quickly moved to take my spot as I left the line and walked over to check on him. He lay face down on the sidewalk, arm under his face, legs curled up beneath him. I could barely make out the gentle rise and fall of his chest beneath his tattered clothes. Thank god.

"Hey. Hey you, you okay? Should I call an ambulance?" I crouched down and shook his shoulder. As he slowly turned, I made out a face, red from the cold, wearing a pair of Armani glasses. Slivers of ice clung to his beard and water mucus ran from his nose. 

"I'm sorry!" He shouted in a gruff voice, grabbing my shoulders with surprising strength as he tried to pull himself up. 

"Whoah there, buddy." I almost managed to catch him before he fell. 

"I'm sorry!" He shouted again, flailing as his ass hit the ground. The crowd shrunk away. 

"No need to be sorry, man." God, did he smell. 

He removed his glasses and shoved them towards me. "Take them! Take them and leave me alone!" 

"Sure thing, man. Whatever you want." I gingerly lifted the glasses from his shaking hand and put them in my coat pocket. "Tell you what, I'm going to call you an ambulance. They'll take care of you, get you a nice hot meal."

His body seized and went limp. I checked for a pulse but found none. "Shit." 

I phoned in to let my boss know I'd work from home today. Because a man died in my arms. I could fell him frowning behind the line, but he begrudgingly gave me leave. He was probably just mad about the coffee. I called 9-1-1 and reported the death of a homeless person, reason unknown. And I walked half a mile to the bus stop, where a group of people, bundled tight in winter clothing, stared me down as if daring me to cut in line. 

I stood behind an old asian woman, around 5 feet tall, wearing a neon yellow rain parka. She turned towards me, coughed without shielding her mouth, and turned back. As I searched my pockets for something to wipe the phlegm off my jacket, I brushed something smooth. Right. The glasses.

In between rescheduling my workday and answering the questions the dispatcher gave me, the homeless man's last valuable possession had slipped my mind. Hopefully, I wouldn't be persecuted for robbing the homeless. I mean technically, he did give them to me. 

I pulled them out and examined the elegant black frames. They didn't seem to be prescription. Figuring I still had a good ten minutes before my bus came, I put them on. And a shadow loomed over me.

Figuring I hadn't noticed another person get in line behind me, I turned. And I almost shat my pants. It was a humanoid figure with a head like a rubber celebrity mask, with wrinkled, perfect features but devoid of any emotion. It stood about six feet tall, stark naked against the cold. Tufts of hair peeked out from all of its crevices. I didn't dare look down to check its sex. It looked down at me, chest heaving, each puff of warm, smelly breath crystallizing in the cold. 

As the wrinkle-thing extended a hand with blackened fingernails (and not from nail polish) towards me, my survival instinct kicked in and I unleashed ten unit's worth of lower-division, introductory krav maga. That is to say, I knocked its hand away, punched it in the face, kneed it in its groin, and got the hell out of there. 

The others in line gave me a weird look but paid the monster no mind as I sprinted past them. It'd been a while since I'd taken the scenic route, but my adrenaline-fueled rush tugged those memories from deep storage out into the open. Take a left on Elm. Right on 2nd. Straight on Pine. Cut through the alley. When I got to my apartment, I slammed the door loud enough to send my landlord's dog into a barking frenzy. I looked out the window. No sign of the thing. And I collapsed. 

I took the accursed glasses off and tried smashing them with a ball-peen hammer, but they just wouldn't break. I gave up, locked them in my desk, and finally got to work. About an hour in, my landlord's dog resumed barking. I heard the ringing of something strike my window. I pulled the curtains over a crack and saw the silhouette of a hand melting into the frost. But I looked around and found no one. 

*Tung* another handprint against the window. Still no one around. Before today, I did not know what it meant to be paralyzed in fear. I'd thought myself stronger than that. But despite all my shaking, I just couldn't move my legs. As if my body knew that less than a centimeter of glass was all that stopped that monster from reaching me. I closed my eyes, shouted incoherently, and slammed the curtains shut. This somehow jump-started my system and I bounded across my room in three steps, banging my knee on my desk but feeling no pain. "It just wants the glasses," I repeated to myself. "It just wants the glasses."

*ding-dongdingdongdingdongdingdongdingdong* My doorbell went haywire. *Flap-clankclankclank* Out of the corner of my eye, I saw my mail slot rise and fall on its own. But I was too busy looking for the drawer key I had so recklessly tossed aside and forgotten.

There- beneath a stack of files! I clutched the little brass thing so hard my knuckles turned white. I unlocked the drawer and grabbed the Armani glasses in my trembling hand, then ran back to the door. *Bang bang bang bang* It was pounding on the door. My room shook with each slam. 

"Just take them!" I shouted, and shoved the glasses through the mail slot. I watched through the handprint on my frosted window as the glasses slowly floated up from the floor and vanished. And the cacophony stopped. 

I breathed a sigh of relief and returned to my desk. It was over. *Tung tung tung tung* More sounds coming from the window immediately proved me wrong. At least my landlord's dog had settled down. I took a deep breath and threw open the curtains. Not one, not two, but fifteen handprints had appeared in the frost. *Ding-dongdingdongdingdongdingdong* My doorbell rang.*Flap-clankclankclankclank* The mail flap rose and fell. *Bang bang bang bang bang* They pounded on the door. 

____________________________________________

https://www.reddit.com/r/Tensingstories/

