When your spouse speaks of alternate dimensions, your first reaction is pretty unremarkable. I think I blinked at her. I'd like to imagine I would have a more dramatic response to shouts of new worlds at 4pm on a Tuesday, but I'd just reheated a cup of coffee and it was burning my fingers because I forgot that brown glaze shouldn't go in the microwave, and I was preoccupied in getting to the table she was blocking.

Luckily, Helen is the decision-maker in our relationship. She grabbed the mug (reprimanding me about brown glaze in the microwave), and steered me towards the bathroom, jabbering about waterfalls and what beautiful gowns we would wear together.

"Do they at least have coffee in this new dimension?" was my weak protestation, "Or should I get the thermos first?"

"SECONDS ARE TICKING!" Helen howled, and pushed me into the bathroom. It was then that I noticed the shower head *did* look a little strange. If I had to describe it, I'd say it seemed to be...glowing. 

"Hey," I pointed out to Helen, the dutiful spouse I was, "the shower head's glowing."

"The shower head *is* glowing," she replied, and her cheeks were flushed with enthusiasm. "That's just the point, darling." Our apartment is on the sixth floor of a run-down complex north of the river, which puts it in a part of town still waiting for its gentrification upgrade. The radiator yowls when you turn it on, and the water pressure swings from an underwhelming dribble to the force of a fire hydrant. Today seemed to be the latter, and I was finally coming to the full understanding of the strange situation in which I was finding myself when Helen stepped into shower--fully clothed--and pulled me in after her. 

The water pounded against my head as I stared at my wife, who had closed her eyes and seemed to be expecting something. 

"What-"

My question turned into a shriek. Helen was *dissolving*. First her hair faded to a transparent shimmer, then the windowsill appeared through her cheekbones. I reached out to grab her--what could I do? but it seemed necessary--and OH GOD MY OWN HAND WAS MERE PARTICLES AND WERE THE LIGHTS GOING OUT OR IS THIS THE END, I KNEW THIS PLACE WOULD BE KILL ME ONE DAY

---

We sat overlooking a small river, a set of falls to our left spilling over the edge of a large canyon. The rocks had an iridescent, purplish hue, flecked with obsidian, emerald, and sapphire, and the dirt was a rustic brown. The grass at my feet a lush turquoise, airing on the side of blue, and the water seemed a murky green. (However, Helen assured me this was all totally normal, as clear water in this world was bacteria-ridden, and the little microbes which thus coloured the water were what kept it drinkable.) Two suns circled the sky in opposite directions, farther away than Earth's singular sun, but their combined light keeping the sky just below what I'd consider a lightly-overcast day. Clouds hung heavy on the horizon, but Helen told me rain was scarce in this world, and the lightning storms lethal. She was right about the gowns, though--the one I now wore had golden embroidery over an opal base, and she had slipped into a slight violet dress herself, which cinched tightly around her waist and fell in attractive loose folds. 

Besides the grass which lined the riverbank, the vegetation was scarce. Shrubby bushes dotted the field which spread before us, opposite the underground burrow which Helen had declared was the house she had built us. "Everyone lives underground here. We're just outside Skarlow--that's the capital of Hangritt, the nightlife is unbelievable--but I know you value solitude every now and then, so I thought a place near the surface would be good for us."

"How do we get to Skarlow?"

"Well by train, of course. It's not a train like you or I think, it looks a bit more like a series of Viking ships on tracks, but they're extremely fast. Last century I took a trip all the way to Inngreet in about 3 hours. That's like going from Russia to Paris. Everything is just a bit...quicker here." 

I was silent, examining the embroidery on my sleeve. There was a naked woman on it, playing ball with a dog, and I chuckled at the nudity. "Goodness, Helen, this is rowdy." 

She howled with laughter. "That's just the culture, darling! What do you say, shall we go into town? See the city?"

"Helen, I--what do they--that is to say--do they look--human?"

"I think they *are* human. I think whoever came here first was *from* Earth. But they did--evolve differently."

"How's that?" I asked. 

There was a twinkle in her eye. "Well, that's the best part. Come look."

---

Our burrow--and really, I should find a better name for it, because it was exquisitely furnished and had marble flooring--was connected to an underground network of rail systems and walking paths, as Helen had described. The Viking ship-trains were complete with kitchen and cook--a jolly, rotund woman who dished up an appalling-smelling stew for which Helen paid with funny, star-shaped coins. Dimension-travel is a tiring ordeal, however, and I was hungry enough to eat despite the smell. 

There was one other person on the train with us, a teenager with bright pink hair. She ignored us entirely. It was a quick journey, three stops, about 5 minutes, and when we rolled in to the station, I was struck by the sheer *grandeur* before my eyes. It was like all of Tokyo had been transported to an unfathomably large underground cave system. Florescent lights flashed advertisements in languages I didn't recognize, glass towers reached to the ceiling, rail systems hurtled passengers from building to building, up hundreds of stories in seconds, and zipping in and out of passageways. There were ice cream parlours, tattoo salons, bars, restaurants, alien pets on leashes, street musicians playing an instrument that looked like a crossover between bagpipes and an ocarina, and, I noticed...

"Helen-" I turned to her and I knew this is what she had wanted me to see. Her eyes had filled despite herself, and she nodded. "Helen, there are no...I mean, there are only..." 

"...women," she finished, and she scooped my face in her hands to kiss me on the mouth. "Jane, we're safe here. *Everyone* is a lesbian."