No one has really *charged* an attack for more than a day before. Not because it's impossible or hard, but because most people's *charge* caps off around 5 minutes or so, with roughly the same amount force as a car on a highway. Any time spent *charging* beyond your cap time is simply wasted. 

They say the person *charging* instinctively knows when they've been capped, a feeling I cannot personally explain since I have never experienced it myself.

The current official world record for the strongest charge attack was set in 2007 by a Brazilian man who leveled a medium sized building with his self-claimed-charge-time of 1 hour and 32 minutes.

Sure, if you dig into history, there are legends of how Alexander the Great *charged* an attack for 2 days during the Siege of Tyre or when Moses *charged* his staff for 10 days to part the Red Sea. But they're just that, legends. Or so I thought...

----

.

----

It's been about three days. Three whole days of *charging* without any food or sleep. And yet, I still did not feel as if I had been capped yet. My determination to find my cap-time was starting to waver.

My body, supported by a standing chair, was stiff and I was starting to lose my sense of time. 

I looked at the now-half-empty gigantic IV bag that was hung next to me. The mixture of sodium chloride, glucose, and caffeine citrate inside has been my only source of nutrition for the last three days. Though it has kept me alive, it did nothing to stop my constant stomach growl for solid food.

In front of me was a laptop set to play every single episode of The Simpsons ever created -a whopping 9 days worth- intended to help pass my boredom while I *charged*. Though it now, combined with the smell of piss seeping up from the urine bottle, was slowly chipping away at my sanity. 

In hindsight, I probably should've added a mute button… but then again, I did not expect this to last more than a day to begin with.

Regardless, I decide to push through...

----

Too sleepy to polish or add anymore... Sorry for the cutoff and the incompleteness. Will probably edit later if anyone cares.
