A delicate hand grasped my shoulder and pushed downwards with authoritative strength. It wasn't hostile or threatening. No, it was just strong enough to keep me where I sat. As far as hands go, it was flawless. Not a wrinkle or unsightly vein could be spotted on it, but the dichotomy of its beauty and strength sent a shiver down my spine. Whoever was behind me was dangerous. Not only did they break into my home while I was alone, not only did they remain completely silent before approaching me, as if these things weren't enough cause for alarm. No, the being behind me didn't feel the need to exert any more energy than it was using right now. It was confident and powerful. Prideful, even. 

I had a pretty good idea of who was behind me now. If I wanted to live, the best course of action was to not move a single muscle.

"Huh... you're real. So, are you here to tempt me with pleasure beyond my wildest dreams in exchange for my sinning? Or are you trying to win a bet again?"

"Those two aren't mutually exclusive, but no, I'm here on a more personal matter."

It's voice was disarming, but cold and distant. Slightly adversarial, but in a non-threatening way. I couldn't turn around, so I took a deep breath and said:

"Of course, oh mighty prince of darkness, I shouldn't have assumed. What can I do for you? I know I got those second-graders to chant your name in Latin a few years ago, and I hope I'm not offending you here, but I kinda did that because it was funny. I wasn't trying to worship you or anything. If you need a loyal servant though, I know a few people who would be fine with slaughtering in your name. I'm... I'm not your guy. Sorry."

"No, no, you misunderstand my intentions. Look, we need to talk about you putting me in every Writing Prompt..."

I squinted my eyes tightly out of sheer reflex. I was expecting something more... sinister. I then nodded to myself. This was absurd enough for me to not question it. I had to go along with it, mostly because I was curious to where this led. 

"You're aware of my stories, then?"

"Yes, and I want you to stop."

"Oh come on! Those are some of my most popular stories! I kinda have a knack for writing about you."

"I noticed. Please stop."

I remained silent for a few seconds, contemplating his request. If a mythological figure appears out of nowhere behind you to talk about your stories, you've got to be doing *something* right as a writer. I hummed as low as I could. If my stories were egregiously offensive to his character, I'm sure he would've just killed me right now. Unless he wanted me alive, for some reason. 

"Do you mind I ask why?"

"Really?" I detected a hint of exasperated disbelief in his tone. "[You really don't see why I wouldn't want people to know about my... Christmas escapades?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WeirdEmoKidStories/comments/5k6l2d/wp_thousands_of_children_mistakenly_write_letters/)"

"It was a sweet story! It got like two hundred upvotes! Wait a second..." I pursed my lips before grinning. "So you're saying you actually did that?"

"W-what? No! I am thousands of years old! I am a concept that transcends cultures, realities, and time periods! Humans have feared my name for as long as they've had knowledge of good and evil! Why would I want to help kids during Christmas?!?"

"Because you're not as much of a rebel as you think you are...? I mean, I think you're giving yourself too much credit here. Didn't you say that everything you did was God's will because he created you like this?"

I felt his hand clutch my shoulder with immense power. A sharp pain ran through my arm before going numb. It got cold. Too cold. I could literally feel the heat pouring out of my body as he increased his grip. I couldn't help but panic. My abdomen tensed and my heart beat quickened erratically. Stuttering, I then spat out:

"W-wait! If... if you're like I think you are, then you're only proving my point here!"

No response. My blood veins were freezing solid. The cold crawled through my neck, nearly reaching my temples. I was going to die. I had to do something. 

If my stories were getting to him, it's because they were true. I knew Lucifer like the back of my hand. Or so I thought. At least enough to get his attention. If I couldn't come up with something that could reach him, then I really didn't deserve to talk about him like I did. 

My eyes widened with hope. I had something. I took a deep breath and shouted:

"IF YOU KILL ME, YOU'LL NEVER SURPASS YOUR FATHER! YOU'LL STAY THE SAME SPOILED BRAT YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN!"

The cold stopped. Warmth returned to my limbs, slowly but surely. Did I do it? Or did I just piss him off more?

"**I know that!**"

He released his grip on me, and I heard him take a few steps back. I had to turn around now. I had to face him. 

My jaw dropped when I saw his appearance. It was beyond any beauty you could imagine. His wings, though folded at the moment, could cover my entire room when spread. His hair was somewhat long, but not to the point where it was unkempt. His eyes were striking, but his gaze was soft, melancholic. More importantly, he seemed... abashed. I finally understood what was going on.

He was ashamed. He was trying to better himself, trying to surpass his own creator, but he wasn't there yet. Every story I wrote of him only highlighted what he perceived as a weakness of his. He didn't care that people didn't see it that way. He hated my stories, because it reminded him of how much he hated himself. How much he hated life and existence in general. The paradox of his nature, both stubbornly refusing to die and hating every minute he spent in God's creation. I actually felt bad for him, and there wasn't a thing more insulting than that in his eyes.

"I'm sorry," I said. "If you want, I'll stop."

"You don't get it." Lucifer shook his head. "You'll never stop. You're doing it right now, though this version of you isn't aware of it. For every you I kill, for every version that stops writing about me, an infinity more will keep writing about what I do. Not to mention all the other writers who keep using my name. *This* is actually a story right now. That's the nature of reality for us concepts. A continuous narrative that mutates but never ends."

"That's above my pay grade... Metaphysics isn't really my thing..."

"I know, this is mostly for the audience out there. Please stop upvoting my prompts. I just want to be left alone."

I looked around, but I couldn't see any cameras. I couldn't imagine someone watching us right now. It felt... icky. We were having a private moment here. Is that what kept happening to him? Were people always watching his escapades? Judging his actions or laughing at his hi-jinks? It had to get tiring. Specially if you're an immortal being. I then said:

"Look, maybe they won't stop writing about you. I get it. But don't you see why someone would want to discuss you?"

"I am evil incarnate. Or I used to be. Maybe I still am in some realities. I don't understand why anyone would bother with a being as corrupt as me. I just figure humans want to piss me off, you know, for the apple thing."

I sighed. "Yeah, blame Milton for that one. But there's some good in you, too." 

Lucifer raised an eyebrow in a threatening fashion. I swallowed and quickly said:

"Worth! I meant worth! Value, or whatever. You act as a symbol for all the disenfranchised who fought against insurmountable odds, knowing how impossible it was to win. People don't pity you, they understand you. Of course they want to know more about you. You reflect a part of themselves that they project on you, even if they're not aware of it. Be it the unloved son that ran away from home, the angry rebel fed up with the inherent hypocrisy in organized religion, even the violent man that takes out his frustrations with the universe through hating everything else. Anyone who admonishes you is admonishing themselves, because they see themselves in you."

"[Appealing to my philosopher side, I see.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WeirdEmoKidStories/comments/52faaj/wp_you_are_an_atheist_and_on_the_three_hour_long/)" Lucifer made a smug grin. "Clever." He turned towards the door. "Fine. Thanks for the pick me up. I needed it." As he was about to leave he turned around and looked at me. "But still, could you at least try to paint me a little better next time? That Christmas story is just embarrassing."

"I'll... see what I can do. Maybe I'll write the story where you finally surpass God. You never know."

Lucifer laughed. "I'll see you then."



-----------------------------------------
>If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories! 