Judging by the sound of his fading heartbeat, the man should have been dead two bells ago. Yet here he stands, with a bundle of cloth in his arms. A faint heartbeat echoes from within it. Perhaps this is what they call a dying hero.

And he's asking for my help.

Dragons, always feared, sometimes admired and worshipped. But for me at least, this was a first.

"You realize." I began, "That I cannot save you."

The man only nods. His armor, perhaps once a symbol of pride, was now caked with blood and dirt. His sheath is empty, and he carries a broken dagger loosely in his free hand.

"The child." He grunts, falling to his knees and letting the bundle of cloth down, revealing an infant. A girl, I mused to myself.

"The princess of our kingdom, Reinstar. Last of her line." The man stumbles back before colliding with the cave wall and slumping down. "Please, take care of her."

"Take care of her." I repeated. "You're asking me, a dragon, to take care of a human." A statement, not a question.

"I won't last much longer, and even if I could, we cannot trust anyone anymore." He coughs, the taste of blood fills the air with every word.

I scoff, "You humans, every few decades its always the same. Endless war. And now that you're on the losing side you run to me for help?" 

Something catches my eye, I reach over with a talon to flick the cloth away from the child.

"This child..." Magic. Like a overflowing river, is pouring from the child. The only reason I didn't catch it earlier was because of an oversized pendant wrapped around the cloth.

"Drezlak." I breathe. A world turner in dragon tongue. In the many thousands of years I've lived, I've never seen such power from a mere human.

It's said that the world turners only appear before a great calamity, and its power can appear in anything. The last Drezlak was a Naga, who led and concluded the War of Sorrow in the times of my father and grandfather. When even the celestial beings were suffering. 

I turn my head to the man, his breathing becoming ever slower.

"I accept."

It's hard to see under his dented helmet, but I think he smiles.

"I will raise the child with care. I swear this through dragonoath. I, Tenolen, Firstborn wyrm of Salar, Flame of the Twelve, swear this."

He dies as my oath fades through the cavern walls, and I feel his soul leave his body. Quickly I utilize some magic to store his soul into a sword sitting in my treasury. A soul of a hero will do well to protect his charge, I think to myself.

The infant, who had been quiet the whole time, starts to wail as she feels the man pass on. I sigh to myself as I prepare for the hardest question a dragon has ever had to ask themself.

"How to I feed an infant human...?

