Marie never used to know how many times a phone rings until it goes to voicemail. Never in her life had it ever become relevant. Nights staying up with her friends in with her old dial phone, calling Andrew Marks, star of the wrestling team, or any other cute boy the other girls could posit to each other through high-pitched giggles.

"You've reached Tomas Edwards. I would say all that stuff, but you already know all that stuff bye." 

*beep*

The Elfin wood princess of the Lord of the Rings said in her soothing river voice the most irritable command her 82 year old ears had heard, and regrettably, would continue hearing every time she made the hopeless attempt to contact her grandson. 

*At the tone, please record you message. After you are done recording your message, press 1.*

The image of Elfin princess tragically tumbling off a tree branch, her soothing voice breaking into pathetic screams. 

She rubbed her forehead, her dyed-blonde curls bouncing with her hand as she moved the skin back and forth, trying to relieve the tension. 

Tomas had told her the superhero business was going to be time consuming, and she had accepted that, willingly. All the social stigma that the idea proposed flooded her mind with scenes of Bridge parties where the topic of conversation drifted to the valiant and altruistic acts of courage Captain Tomas had performed that day. And then she would pipe up, between bites of cheese cubes that that was her grandson, and she could remember the days when he would run through her house acting as if his action figures were flying. And everyone would laugh heartily with the memories of their own grandchildren laughing with the glee of innocence; and ignorance. The laughter would slowly fade as the silence crept in because of the daunting realization that their grandchildren were no longer in the ignorant youth of childhood, but now new about the evils of the world. They no longer giggled with meaningless glee as grandma tickled them under the armpit. They no longer cried at meaningless tragedies such as pricking their pinky finger on the car seat. No, they cried to real woes. The woes of lost love, broken friendships, losing their careers. And these woes are kept hidden from their grandparents, as we toil away our days with meaningless cheese parties, trying to forget the days of meaning. 

It seems the natural way of life. The rigid structure of society shoves her into her place roughly, strapping her down with cold chains that cut into her breast and leave red marks for weeks after, reminding her who had the power; and who was powerless. 

If this is society's law, only breaking society's law can break the sorrow that comes  with. If her grandson would not head his own family because of his duty, she will make his family his duty. She will break the law. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Mike," called Marie, summoning her cityboy spouse to plan the mission, "if you were to commit a crime, what would it be?"

"Well," Mike replied in his gruff construction worker voice, "I suppose I would have to kill a lad. There's plenty of people that need a good killing I suppose."

Marie scoffed. The idea seemed silly at first, yet acceptance emerged slowly from an unknown recess of her mind. A cave, somewhere buried in the wastelands of discarded emotions, hopes, and desires emerged an awaken dragon. Quickly flooding her mind with the fire of vengeance and redemption. If she ever needed anything before she died, it was this. 

Mike went out into the shed to grab the rifles he had had since childhood. The wood was dusty against her wrinkled hands as they climbed into their Subaru, and headed out into the city. Mike had used these to shoot squirrels with his buddies since junior high he had said, must've been twenty or so years since it had been fired. 

This was when reality hit her. Slapped her across the scalp so hard you are knocked against the wall. When you finally come too, you stand up slowly with a painful wince on your face and a hand on your head, squinting your eyes so hard that at first you can't see the person that hit you. But then, all of the sudden, your vision expands and you see the entirety of reality in lucid clarity as you gaze at wonder at the marvels of the world. 

Marie felt all of this and more as she gazed out the car window, the suburbs passing by. In any ordinary person this would have jolted them back to common sense, but this only redoubled her determination. Her mission was no longer blind will, it was reasoned duty. 

"There she is," Marie spat out like iron machinery grinding a piece of scrap metal into a flat disk, "there's the buggar that cheats in all of our Bridge games."

The soon-to-be-victim was walking briskly with a bright smile on her face, her arms swinging widely with each step, just as the article on the internet she had read about how to be an Assertive Female had said to do to emit confidence to observers. Her cute pink sweater was draped over her neck and was slowly sliding off to the right with the purposeful stride she was taking. 

"Hello Dolores," Marie spake, her tone rivaling that of a mentally disturbed lemur just arrived home from Auschwitz.

Dolores paused in her stride. The greeting wasn't the plastic cheeriness of the hollow-skulled dimwits that she spent all her afternoons with so that her surprisingly clever and philosophical mind kept distracted and wasn't able to create the depressing emotions that it created due to the death of her husband the month before. Of whom, she had still not worked up the courage to call the police, or alert anyone of his condition, as each passing day made the task more and more daunting. How would she explain waiting so long to call?

She swiveled round in her tight shoes that cramped her toes up so badly that her doctor is recommending surgery to correct the bone straightness. This is idly refused due to her duty to maintain the persona. 

Her plastic smile was met with a led bullet and she dropped to the pavement. The blood blending in with her pink sweater. 

Before Marie was able to lower her gun from the frightening scene, there was a rush of air as Tomas flew into the scene.

"Drop your weapon or be vaporized." he demanded in a commanding voice that he had carefully developed in ROTC. 

"Oh Tomas, its you grandmother. Oh baby! how tall you are." Marie screeched with glee. 

"3--"

"Why? don't you recognize me Tomas? Its your--"

"2"

"-- grandmother. Come down here--"

"1"

And with that the a flash of deep purple erupted from Tomas's fingers. Transforming the Subaru into a blackened smudge of charcoal. 

"Damn batsh!t crazy old people." Tomas muttered, shaking his head in disgust. 

