“You never told me.”  A modulated voice asked. 

Adam sighed, little weary as he shifted his sling to make his arm comfortable as he stared idly at the water trickling down the fountain, “Told you what?” 

“Don’t play obtuse.” 

Adam shifted his gaze to his left but it still caught him off guard when he saw the creature. How robotic the person seemed, encased in some half-armor, half-space suit, looking like one of those sci-fi illustrations he remembered browsing the books when he was little. At that thought, he found it ironic because he was standing in the biggest park in the middle of the biggest space station ever made by the courtesy of the Earth Interstellar Space Administration after NASA went out commission in 2081 and the creature seemed to blend better in the surrounding than Adam did. 

The robot/spaceman shifted his feet—or it was her? Wait—no. Adam thought, not wanting to beat the dead horse again. He could never tell which the gender the creature was, much less the species despite knowing the creature for over four thousand years. Asking creature didn’t help since the creature couldn’t tell or even remember anything except Adam and to save himself from headaches, Adam dubbed the creature as ‘Lennon’ and tried to avoid pronouns. 

“Well?” Lennon asked impatiently and it took Adam a moment to focus back on the conversation.
 
“The day we met? Why would I? Have you forgotten of the dangers if I tell you—”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah, paradox or alternate timeline—end of the world and all that shada-boom-boom. Here’s the fact I still don’t believe you.” Lennon retorted, crossing its arms, the metal clunked loudly at the contact, “But seriously, I just saved your ass. You owe me.”

Adam had to smile. It was an old tune he always heard it and he found it comforting over the course of time. Lennon and its questions were one thing that remained constant in an ever-changing world ever since Adam had left Earth after it became inhabitable.  “You're always saving me and I’ll make up to you in another way as I always do, but not in this.” 

The creature harrumphed loudly but Adam ignored it to focus on his knee. It was protesting loudly after standing so long, Adam lowered himself to sit at the edge of the fountain carefully, wincing as he tried to accommodate his injuries without chafing it. 

Apparently, the creature noticed it, “For a space-medic, you’re an idiot. You should've stayed on the med bay.”

He shrugged, his eyes haunted, “I couldn’t.”

“Figures. Stubborn as hell as the day I met you.”

“Ditto.”

Lennon remained silent, wondering, “How long it has been for you?”

Adam snorted, “Why do you persist in asking me? You know very well I’m not going to tell you anything.” 

“Figured if I ask you every time I’ll see you and one day you’ll answer.” 

That took Adam aback and he swallowed, “Well, you’re not wrong.” He admitted, “But today’s not the day.”

Lennon nodded as if it expected nothing more. Suddenly, the creature began to flicker, like an ancient tv, and Lennon’s jerked in surprise, “Aw, not aga—”

The creature flickered out the existence but Adam wasn’t even remotely surprised. “Til another time, old friend.”