“Let me see him.” 

The lab technician slid his chair across the floor swiping the door open. Dr. Brigham slowly stepped into a sealed room. “My god,” he gasped. “How'd this happen?”

Heavily sedated, a werewolf half the size of the doctor was stretched across a table.

“We don't know sir, that is why we called you. If Hometree hears about this, they will…” 

“You do not communicate this with Hometree! Do you understand?!” The doctor spat. His pudgy face brightened red.

“Understood, sir.” The lab technician slouched down in his chair.

The doctor closed the door. He stood there a moment while staring down onto the beast. “We can’t afford this getting out. This is nothing but an abomination – deal with this quickly. Dump it out into the deepest part of space where no one will ever look.” 

“Sir?” The technician jumped from his chair. “This is the third one today.”

Dr. Brigham froze. He turned to face the technician directly. “What do you mean *the third one?*”

“Sir,” the technician grew nervous, “this is the third person who's transformed.”

The doctor remained silent. He left the room and walked directly toward the main hall window. He stood there staring out toward Earth full of color for a few minutes trying to think of a solution. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a silver-chained necklace only to feel it burn against his fingertips. “Impossible,” the doctor gasped.

Immediately, the doctor went back into the lab and confronted the technician who was no longer in his seat. Lights were flickering all around the room. The sealed door was cracked open and glass shattered all over the tile. He glanced down to find claw marks all along the wall as both the technician and the werewolf were nowhere to be seen. In an instant, the doors locked shut and the emergency alarms were blaring over the speakers. 

“Dr. Brigham? Is that you I see before me?” A voice came from one of the monitors. The doctor turned to see an ambassador from Hometree. “Have you been compromised?”

The doctor remained quiet. He did not want Hometree to get involved. The ambassador heard the alarms over the monitor and replied, “well this is unfortunate news indeed.” The ambassador took a moment to ponder. 

“Everything is under control, ambassador. There’s no need for worry.” The doctor scanned the entire computer terminal for a kill switch in order to disconnect the communication with Hometree. 

“Clearly,” the ambassador shook his head. “If you are compromised, then we'll have no other choice but to take your colony into our own hands.” 

The doctor took a moment to clear his throat. He felt an itch on the inside of his collar. The feeling of his scratch yanked away flesh in his hand. The doctor quickly picked himself up from the terminal only to notice his left-hand growing fur at a rapid rate. Claws pushed his fingernails down onto the floor. “No,” the doctor cried out, “No!”

The ambassador leaned in closer watching the doctor. “Looks like I will be sending a garrison to clean up. We gave your pack a chance with this. Seems to me that there’s no safe place for abominations after all. I’m sorry doctor, but this trial has gone on long enough.”

The monitor went black. The doctor struggled to draw breath. He gripped onto the handle of the door. It only took him a moment before he ripped it open like an aluminum can. By this time, he had grown teeth and a tail dragging closely behind. Leaning himself up against another window, he noticed four bright lights moving fast from earth.

*How did this happen? We’ve been here ever since our elders. We never left the moon.* The doctor howled across the hallway. Four to five more werewolves approached him. 

It was this very moment that Sergeant Kepper and her unit were loading into the transport bay. “Everyone, go hot. This is a clearing mission - just like we trained for.” She ordered. The other three transports loaded in different bay areas. 

The doctor had fully transformed and stood as the tallest werewolf in the main hall. The sound of the transports landing flicked his ear. “Damn them,” he growled. 

Sergeant Kepper loaded her rifle before the doors swung open. “Move! Move! Move!” She and her unit spilled out into the bay. They locked eyes with a werewolf scratching at the door and blasted it through the wall.

After hearing the blasts, the doctor and the pack around him howled until the room started to shake. Power inside of the colony shorted out. Sergeant Kepper and the Elven powered on their night vision in order to make details of their surrounding. “Just like we trained for,” she repeated. She signaled the rear two soldiers to cover down on the door while they started to pile into the main hall. It was there she stood face to face with the doctor and the pack of werewolves. “Hello, doctor.” she recognized him even as a werewolf.

The doctor howled igniting the other howls around him to follow. “This is our colony, given to us by right.” He tore his claws into the floor.

“It can speak?” One of the soldiers lowered his rifle.

“Quiet!” Sergeant Kepper snapped before facing back toward the doctor. “This place belonged to Hometree and we gave you quarter under specific terms and guidelines which you clearly violated. We have no choice but to wipe your abomination from society as a whole.”

“Good Luck.” the doctor growled.

Two of the werewolves darted forward before the unit started to open fire. The other units were under attack by werewolves in each of the other hanger bays. By this time, everyone in the colony had turned. 

The ambassador was monitoring the entire mission in horror. He scanned the moon only to discover each of the other colonies were turning as well. When he zoomed out to get the entire moon in focus, it seemed that a spinning object miraculously got caught in the revolution of Earth and its moon. This was an absolute moment of horror for Hometree but the ambassador started to laugh over his monitor. 

The moon, most likely for a short time, had its own little moon rotating around the surface. This had caused every sanctioned werewolf to turn as the object spun an entire lunar cycle within a few short hours.

***

Want to read more stories? Visit [13thOlympian](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)