Disclaimer: I actually started a story like this a while ago and really liked where is was going, so I'll give you a bit of a teaser ;)

My eyes snapped open. Something was wrong. My fully padded cryopod was whirling horribly, I could feel it whipping about. I knew it was equipped with a self calibrating gyroscope and impressive, high tech landing gear, but none of it seemed to be working. All my brief training kicked in and I grasped the plastic handle up to the right of my face. With a sharp tug the door burst open. For a second everything stood still. 
 
I gazed in awe at the alien landscape laid out before me. It was as if I had stepped into the pictures I had seen of Earth taken hundreds of years ago. Vast forest spread out before me, mountains rising up in the distance, a sparkling stream snaking through it all. Then, I was whipped out of my comfortable little pod with a violent jerk.
 
So, my name is Edwin Smith. I was an orphan on Earth, and one of the many millions selected to leave the planet to colonize a distant planet. There were several of these projects sent out, to twenty other solar systems nearest Earth. This planet, named Terrafirma, was the farthest. Each was tested by high tech probes to be uninhabited by intelligent life, but hospitable for humans. I was twenty two when I was selected to be one of four scouts sent to the planet’s surface first, to find a suitable place to land. I was honored.
 
The colony itself was a marvel. A massive spaceship built like a city, with enough cryotubes to fit nearly three million people. Each of those three million people had a job, a duty they had to fulfill when the ship landed and colonization began. Mine was to find a safe place to land.
 
Blood trailed off my left arm, and I’m left handed, by the way. Apparently I had been cut on the way out. The rising cascade of red gems was the least of my worries, however. Well, if I died, I didn’t have to worry about the colony. 
 
Hm. Yeah. 
 
Dying would be okay. Like I said, I was an orphan. I had no one who cared about me, and in reality, little I cared about. I stared up at the distant form of the colony floating just above the atmosphere, tinted blue thanks to it. I let the air pass through me and closed my eyes expecting the quick embrace of the ground.
 
A sharp voice broke me from my trance. I turned my head to see a girl riding some sort of giant bird, the bird in a steep dive, and the girl’s bangled hand reaching out for mine. What struck me instantly was the ferocity in her eyes, she seemed to say she was not going to let me die. Dazed, I took her hand and she pulled me to sit up behind her.
 
Holy crap. There weren’t supposed to be people here. My mind raced as the girl pulled her bird up out of it’s steep dive and I tried to staunch the blood streaming out of my arm. We landed and she slid off. She offered me her hand and I realized something even more bizarre than there just being humans on this planet. She had cat ears. Actually, she had a little cat nose, whiskers, and her teeth were definitely sharper. She stared at me with crimson eyes and said something in a guttural, strange language. I stared back, taking in her purple tribal wrappings and white hair. Or was it fur?
 
“Come down.”
 
My jaw dropped, “y-you know English?”
 
Her arm dropped, she blinked, acting a bit surprised, “I do not know ‘English.’ You are bleeding. I will treat it.” Her English, impeccable as it was, had a choppy precision to it, like it was a second language. But, where had she learned it?! 
 
I finally slid off the back of the bird and landed next to her. She procured a knife seemingly out of nowhere and cut my long sleeve from the incision in my arm down to the hem at the end. She procured a roll of brown gauze, and this time I caught what she did. Her fingers brushed along the yellow gem tied around her neck, then in the next second the gauze materialized in her hand in a flare of gold dust that dissipated into the air.
 
“Magic?” I asked in awe.
 
She raised an eyebrow and wrapped my arm, “You have never seen gems?”
 
“Um, I guess not.” Was this even real?
 
“Why did you fall from the sky? Lose your dragon?” She asked, tying up the gauze.
 
I finally realized, as the bird creature turned to face us, it wasn’t a bird, but a feathered dragon. “No, I came from there.” I pointed to the colony ship.
 
She looked up, then back, confused, “you came from the gods?”
 
“The what now?”
 
“The gods. That is their heaven. They will bring us peace.”
 
I shook my head, “no gods up there, just humans like me.”
 
She wrinkled her nose, “oh.” she grabbed my hand and pulled me away from the... dragon. “Come to the village.”
 
“Ah. I need to find the other scouts. We can’t bring the colony down unless someone’s pod is still intact.”
