I can see the fucking console.

It's like a blip floating in my mind if I concentrate enough, although concentrating on anything is pretty difficult at the moment.

I can't remember much other than I'm a bit of a low-life crook but I do remember the console.

Every other person who got the procedure died immediately. Some disease they hadn't heard of each time, but hey, it was pushing the science community to new heights. They had a whole lots of bodies and more than enough time to study the phenomenon. 

Even thinking the word phenomenon hurt. Which is to be expected but far from permanent. Sure my intelligence and strength were technically wiped out but you can train that. And since I was the only one of the test subjects to survive that's exactly what they did. Plus a charismatic mother fucker like me? Even at "0" my charisma level's god damned charming.

At least I'd like to think so.

Each day is getting a bit better though, speech therapy had a break through. My tongue's worth fuck all as I had to retrain that too but I'm starting to make proper sentences again. Hurts like none other though, and I wish they'd give me something for the lack of perception. I don't know how long i've been in here, I can't even tell if I'm pissed myself until they tell me I do, but at least I can move my toes again.

At night, when I'm trying to sleep, I start to hear it. It's a steady tick-tap-tick-tap-tick-tap and instead of dreams I just see that fucking cursor, and I know it's the console. I don't even know what a console is but after the procedure they told me I was the "luckiest man alive" and I guess this is the lottery I won. I got a nosebleed last time I tried to write something in it though, but it's a bit better if I go one letter at a time.

Problem is I know fuck-all what I'm supposed to be writing, for all intents and purposes I'm still an idiot who can barely make a fist, but i'm working on it. Something real weird happened but I don't know if I'm going to tell the doctors.

I focused real hard on the console during our normal vision tests and right before I blacked out I felt everything stop. The doctor's running around me to check my vital signs, the nurses looking in from outside to see what the commotion was, and I shit you not the orderlies strapping down patients in other rooms. I could see other rooms, I could see everything.

Weird thing is when I did that I saw letters start forming in that console. It wasn't me though, I hadn't done a damn thing. Then I lost consciousness, at least I think I did.

When I woke up I could see the words plain as day in my head like someone burnt them in. Said "When you're ready. I'd start with the command 'unlock'."

I don't know why but I'm grinning like a fool. Unlock huh? Doesn't take a genius to figure out what that does.

