I was elated, which was surprising given that I was in Hell.

I had been raised in a religious household; worshiped every week, read the stories at bedtime, memorized the lines that needed memorizing, everything. Then as I got older, I got more exposure to the world around me and realized that there might be more to "The whole God thing", as I had so eloquently put it one drunken night at college, than I had been exposed to. I faltered from the path that my parents had put me on and set out to find my own truth.

Turns out it doesn't really matter. As the reception demon explained to me in a tired voice, everyone goes to Heaven eventually. They just have to spend some time in Hell first. You get to leave Hell as soon as you finish watching your history - the entirety of your life. That's all that Hell is; watching all of your highs, lows, and everything in between, with nothing to do but think about what you did. Honestly, it was not the best Hell system I could think of.

I had died at the ripe old age of 86 years, so I was expecting about a century in Hell. A few years for initial processing, then 86 years of video, then a few years to finalize my transfer paperwork. It'd be great. Hence my elation: I was finally about to begin my video.

A demon led me to a small room, with a chair much like you would find at a dentist's office, though this one was surrounded by the fanciest TV screen I had ever seen. When I sat down, the screen wrapped around my head, giving me a full field of vision of what would soon be my life.

*Enjoy the commentary,* hissed the demon as it pushed a few buttons to begin playback.

"Commentary? Wha-" I stammered, but it was too late. The lights went dim, the door slammed shut, and the video began to play.

It opened with a text scroll, much like the introduction of Star Wars. Apparently your life is not all that you see. The real reason it takes so long on arrival is not paperwork, it's because they're making a full-on documentary of your life. You still watch every moment of your existence, but it's interspersed with reactions from other people. Anyone who was directly affected by an action of yours, anyone who had a thought about you, you hear it all.

Over the next several centuries - I don't know how long it truly was - I learned the truth about what everybody in my life had ever thought of me. I listened to ex-girlfriends, some of whom I hadn't spoken to since high school, talk about exactly how much the breakup had hurt - or, in some cases, how happy it made them inside. I listened to teachers who had high hopes for me, just as I listened to some who thought I would account for nothing in my life. I saw that there were people who were envious of my life, just as I had been envious of others'.

And now I know that I was wrong. This was not good, this was truly Hell. The vast majority of people think of themselves as good, but this forces them to come face to face with all of the wrong that they have done, with no way to speak in their own defense. We go through our lives presenting falsehoods as reality, hiding our true feelings for others, and in Hell all of that facade is stripped away.