I’m the most unpopular kid in the world.
	
The rain pours as I hurry home. I’m walking because the bus driver left me, again, muttering something about me being “*wrong*” before speeding off. Most would be mad, but this is the same old, same old. People hate me or ignore me. It’s always been like this, always *will* be like this. I’m used to walking into school and everyone turning their heads. I’m used to having more bullies than I do fingers.
	
My house comes into view as the clouds finally split. We live between the buttcrack of two forests, and honestly, I hate it. If we were in the city, there’d be a reason I'm unnoticeable. But out here, in the middle of nowhere? Maybe God hates me. Am I actually the Devil and this is Hell?
	
Knock on the door, nobody answers. They’re both home because they work night shift, but they’d probably rather me freeze to death. Since I don’t have a key, I head around the back and climb up a stack of boxes into my window. My room’s barren and bland because they never buy me anything. I have just a bed and a dresser.
	
When I open the door, a TV blares through it. They’re home, all right, and awake. I was just ignored. Again. After getting dressed, I head back out my window and into the woods, where Uncle Joey lives.
	
He *loves* me.
	
Why? I don’t know. He’s always referred to me as special, and I promise, it isn’t weird. He just…he genuinely seems to care for me. If it wasn’t for him feeding me and buying me clothes I’d probably have croaked already.
	
His house isn’t a house, but instead a dingy shack. It’s big, though, and he once told me he built it himself. *Got tired o’ those door te’ door salesmen comin’ up erry mornin’,* he said. *Gave te’ house to yer folks and moved out here.*
	
I love this walk. Nature’s great because in nature, I’m the one with power to ignore things. Those plants? I don’t care. Those bugs? *Screw ‘em.* On this walk, I feel like a king. 
	
When I reach the shack, I push the door open.
	
The inside’s filled with junk. There’s all sorts of old swords, and trinkets, and chests. Everyday I ask what something is and everyday he just replies with “*otherworldly.*” He’s a weird dude.
	
“Uncle Joey!” I shout, fighting my feet through mountains of garbage. He’s a hoarder but claims to have a good reason for it. “Hey, uncle Joeeeeey!”
	
When he doesn’t respond, I move quicker. He’s *always* home. He *always* responds.
	
Eventually I reach his bedroom door, and when I throw it open, my eyes go wide.
	
I take a few steps back, leaning against the wall so I don’t collapse. 
	
“U-uncle…”
	
He’s laying there, against his desk. There’s a hole in his neck and a stillness in his eyes. His white beard is soaked in blood, his face is soaked in blood—*everything* is soaked in blood. There’s a…a note in his hands, and a small box next to it. Another man is on the floor, his face melted. I’ve never seen him before.
	
I inch forward, tears spilling down my cheeks. Who would…why would…my legs wobble, they want to break and let me fall. My heart’s gonna explode. No. No, no, *no.* Please. Not Uncle Joey.
	
He’s freezing, and I press my head against his as I cry, trying to will him back to life. It doesn’t work, and when I’m able to, I stand up straight and grab the note. It’s soaked with blood and sloppily written, but legible. Thankfully he doesn't write in his accent.
	
*My nephew…you are a curse child, and I’m sorry you were born into such burden. I’m the reason everyone hates you. It’s all my fault.*
	
My stomach sinks me down into a chair, where I hastily continue reading.
	
*Your parents loved you, and deep down, I know they still do. But…around the time you were born, I captured something. It’s in the box, on the table, and is…unspeakable. To call it a monster doesn’t even begin. I’m sure you’ve heard it calling to you late at night, haven’t you? That’s because…because when you were born, I made you into it’s key. There’s a whole world you don’t know about, and I am it’s greatest thief. Soon, more of them will be coming. They’re bad people. They want to free this monster, so they want you. You need to run. You need to keep this box safe. But most importantly, you need to resist the urge of the monster.*
	
*I always loved you.*
	
I read the note over, and over, and over. None of this makes any sense.
	
Standing up, I walk over to the box. It’s a cultic looking thing, with odd symbols and chains wrapped all around it. Despite practically living here, I’ve never seen it. Reaching out, I press my hand against it, and immediately I’m hit with a violent rush of pain.
	
*KillkillkillDESTROYENEMIESKILLKILLKILL.*
	
I yank my hand back, shouting in my pain. My hand’s…burnt and blackened, like I just shoved it onto a stove—but there’s no pain. Whatever’s in the box, it’s screaming *still*, trying to get into my head. This thing’s…evil.
	
For a moment, I dwell on the idea that I could get revenge on everyone with this. Ma, dad, the kids at school. But Uncle Joey wouldn’t want that, and that’s not who I am. I pick up box and hastily shove it into a nearby bag. I also shove a few of Joey’s other items into it. I have no clue what they do, but they could be important.
	
My hand’s still burnt.
	
Outside, there’s movement, just a light rustling in the trees. But something tells me they’re coming, something tells me I need to run.
	
So I do.
***
Hope this turned out okay! If you like this story, check out my sub /r/LonghandWriter or my twitter [@BryceBealWriter](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)!