Like everyone else of my time I grew up not just believing in God, but knowing she was real. History, both modern and ancient, is littered with depictions of her. From cave paintings of her slaying the primitive gods of primitive peoples to photographs of her annihilating modern believers in gods who aren’t her, there is no shortage of proof that she is real. Since the dawn of humanity she has lived among us, popping up randomly throughout time and history and disappearing just as quickly, never having aged a single day. 

Children are taught that gods are common and born to regular people all the time, but that God always finds them and always kills them. Hope that you aren’t a god and if you find yourself having faith outside of God, don’t let anyone know. Don’t let others develop faith in you or see in you the divinity we are all naturally born with. In whispers we are taught that all people are born with the capacity to be a god. It is even suspected that God was once a normal person, born and raised much like you and me. 

No one knows how or why, but when she discovered her own holiness she became immortal and embarked on a quest to kill all other gods and their worshippers. For millennia gods and their followers rose amongst the people, only to fall at her feet and by her hands. When once she was just a god, she had become the God. I didn’t just believe in her - she was the foundation of my reality and of humanity itself - so it came as immense surprise that the day I met her was the day I stopped believing in her at all. 

Her face has been captured since the dawn of humanity. I’ve seen the cave drawings, the Renaissance paintings, and, back when I believed, had even hung her photographs on the wall above my altar. I knew her face as intimately as I knew my own. I first saw her while I was hiking. She was slumped up against the base of an ancient redwood, face buried in her arms that were wrapped around her knees, sobbing. I didn’t realize yet that it was her - every depiction is of her as a warrior, not as a woman crying like a child, and I couldn’t see her face. 

I had encountered others in this part of the forest before, many of them broken like this woman and using the forest to heal instead of their faith in God. It is taught that the ancient redwoods are the only gods that God couldn’t kill. I continued moving forward on the trail as if she didn’t exist, just like I always do when I find the faithless out on the trail. This part of the forest is old and the trail is more of a slightly worn path in the soft mat of needles and ferns surrounding the trees, disappearing entirely in many places. The soft, bouncy mat of needles hid a branch beneath, and when I stepped I heard a crack and lost my footing at the same time. When I looked up after falling, the woman had been started out of her self pity and staring at me was the face of God.

She ran over to help me, face and eyes red and wet with tears. She helped me up and asked if I was hurt, still holding on to me to make sure I was stable. I never expected kindness and tenderness from this God who was known for her brutality and destruction, so I just stared at her blankly. I think I may have blinked a few times to make sure I wasn’t dreaming. 

She spoke softly. “You believe in me too, don’t you?” I nodded. What happened next I wasn’t expecting.

She screamed. Her entire body and being yelled so loudly I don’t know how those ancient redwoods remained standing. It came from her belly and shook her entire body. Over and over again, she breathed and and screamed out the pain of humanity’s entire existence. When she couldn’t breathe anymore she sobbed, her body writhing and snot dripping down her face and neck and onto her chest. When the tears dried up, the screaming began again. Over and over, screaming and sobbing. Screaming and sobbing.

When she was finally done, she turned to me and whispered, “I am not a god.”