For a long time, good and evil were locked in a struggle to the death.

Oh, there were always more heroes, of course. Plenty of fodder. But their good deeds kept them on the losing team. For every villain that was put behind bars, a dozen heroes would lose their lives. Countless heroes were maimed, killed, or just... broken.

Until suddenly... it stopped.

No more deaths. No more killings.

And no one knew... at least, not for long.

One day, in the middle of a crime spree, an evil mastermind went missing; in the days following, the world forgot about him. Now, he spends his time developing infrastructure at a small engineering company. A few weeks later, a crime boss vanished from his home... and the minds of the citizens he used to torment. Now, he's a shop teacher. One after another, the worst of the worst went missing.

The heroes stopped stepping up; as the super villains vanished, the super heroes had no need to exist. Soon, Mr. Mighty owned a small grocery store, and the Fearsome Four dedicated their lives to research.

On and on it went - evil vanishing, and the forces of good stepping out of the limelight. Eventually, the only super heroes left were on television, just figments of the world's imagination.

Oh, but how do I know? Well. I suppose I don't. All I have are these newspaper clippings, a few collected memories that haven't been erased. And believe me, they are the only memories left. I was very careful. Every mind, every website, every newspaper, every piece of information was erased. What good is a second chance, if you only get part of it? No, a second chance is a second chance.

How was I to know every last one of the sorry lot would take it?

A second chance, a second try at life, and every last one of the hopeless idiots fell for it.

Oh well.

The villains are gone, but they took the heroes with them. They'll come back, I'm sure, but I'm ready for them this time. They won't see me coming, though. I've got a new name, and a new lease on life. No more Second Chance for me.

Oh, do forgive me. I haven't introduced myself.

Last Chance.

Now do me a favor... and start running.