"I didn't know this was even possible... For thousands of years, since the dawn of civilization, I have been trying to be free... I guess this is freedom?"
Throughout the years the genie never really thought what would happen if someone other than a thinking human actived it's lamp. He thought the "magic" that kept him there also made sure of everything else. "I mean, he got along with the world for so many years: corrupt politicans, struggling mothers, greedy lawyers - all of them had their three wishes granted, whether it was going to the bahamas, getting a paranormal object, or anything else, for that matter - but no, it just had to be a damn piece of fur" - he thought to himself. The cat turned around and started staring blankly at the genie, it's eyes pulsating towards him.

"Do you want food, or are you smart enough to wish for something else?" - the genie asked, as the cat meowed silently in search for the nearest interesting object in the Barracks to play with... or maybe show off.
"Do you want to get somewhere else?" - he asked - "Maybe get a rich owner and relax?". The cat kept meowing in patterns, and looking around the room.
"Do you want to live longer? I can extend your durability!" - he kept asking, as he patiently awaited the cat to make it's first wish.

After a few minutes to think, the genie realized: "Wait... cats can't talk, can they?"
He started thinking of all the possibilities to grant the cat the wish... He couldn't grant wishes unless it was to someone, so clearly, they would need to rub the lamp, wish for the cat to talk, and THEN he could grant the cat's wish. That seemed like the perfect plan, until he realized again he has to fulfill the wish for the cat before he could go back inside his lamp.

He looked at the cat patiently and tried to decode what he wanted - what the cat meowed for. He stared into the cat's eyes before it turned away and hid in the grumpy, wooden closet. This angered the genie, and so he snapped his fingers and asked the cat, one last time, but in his way. He found an old, tarnished red marble, and a blue one next to it. He flew the cat onto a floorboard and placed the marbles in front of him. The genie asked, in a patient voice, "Which marble would you like?". The cat froze being given this option. It realized it was a trick, but something caught it's eye.

A photo in the right side of the barracks showing a boy and a girl, obviously in love. The boy was dressed in an old-schooled military costume that was changed a few years ago by the government's vote. It was obviously well-preserved, and the cat didn't bother coming close - it stared. The genie realized.

He quickly granted the cat's wish, and a large blast could be heard. The deafening desert swoosh scared away half-dead, wild animals, who dared to find food in the abandoned wild. When the genie turned around to his side to look back at the cat, all he could see was the young man in the photo, obviously dirty and in a different uniform, but he was there. It all made sense - a cat didn't summon him, a young soldier's spirit did, trapped in the body of a feline after a wish made by the opposing army's general to get revenge for his men back during the war years ago. The genie who turned him into a cat turned him back, right kilometers away from where it started.

"So, what is your next wish?" - the genie asked, turning his face to the boy. He smiled, looking at the wish-granter, and said the words "peace and love" - and so he did. Before the genie could tell him a word, he was already back in his lamp, as the man went on a trip, back to his home, across the ancient sea, on a journey that would never end.
