"Yo, Joisey!" the assistant manager shouted in a mocking Long Island accent. "Getcho' ass back to work, your break's ovuh!"

Sheila sighed and took a long sip from her coffee cup and placed it in the break room sink. She'd only been in Alabama for six months but she couldn't stand the humidity, the heat, and — worst of all — the men. She had heard that there was a certain machismo that emanated from Southern men, but she never realized just how often they had to prove their worth.

Sheila herself was born and raised a few towns away from Asbury Park by the beach. Her father was a Polish immigrant and her mother was from a small village in Venezuela called Trujillo. She had been raised back and forth between all three countries, and her father was very generous with the locals in her mother's home town. "Always give back," her father would say, "because you never know who you're going to be relying on later." Those words echoed today of all days, as she came to the realization that today was exactly six months since they moved out to Alabama since her mother's death.

Back at the register, Sheila scanned various customers' items, not thinking much of who she was attending to or what she was scanning. "Thanks for shopping at Home Depot," she muttered robotically, "Would you like your receipt?" And the day drilled on, customer after customer, the occasional complaint here and there, and sometimes someone's smile was enough to get her out of her funk momentarily, but never quite enough to pull her out of it for longer than a flash.

Yet another customer strolled to her line with a ticket for a larger item they kept outside. Something about her struck her as odd… familiar, even. The woman was definitely middle aged, if not tiptoeing graciously into her early 50s. Her blood orange shawl wrapped around her neck like a rooster's wattle, and her thick aviators covered nearly half of her slim face.

"I can have someone help you bring this into your car, ma'am," she sighed to the woman, making eye contact as well as she could from behind her sunglasses.

"¿Y a mí no me *podríah* ayudar tú *mihma*?"^1 the woman asked briskly in a very marked Venezuelan accent. ^(1 And you can't help me yourself?)

"¿C-cómo?"^2 Sheila wasn't used to anyone speaking in Spanish to her here. After all, her father was from Poland, and he effectively whitewashed her skin tone with his Eastern European genes. Most of her friends back North didn't even believe she was part Venezuelan until she spoke to them in Spanish. "How could this woman have known?" she asked herself, flustered. ^(2 W-what?)

"A ver, que ya no me *reconoceh*, ¡a tu propia mamá encima!" ^(Let's see, you can't tell who I am, your own mother, even!)

Sheila turned paler than a white paint can. "¿M-mamá?" she gasped, tears starting to well up in her eyes. "Pero…" ^(But…)

The petite woman extended her arm to place her hand on her daughter's. In English, she responded, "We have little time. The government is on to me, but I couldn't let them take us both down. After they threatened to assassinate me for tinkering with the bolivar, I fled, but they're coming back for you because they think you had a hand in it."

"You can't be serious right now, mamá!" Sheila shouted, drowning in a flood of tears. She clasped her hand back to her chest away from her mother. "How could you?!" As quickly as her face turned flush, it glowed red in pure ire.

"Please understand, mija…"^3 The woman, raising her glasses to reveal her eyes, stared right into her daughter's soul. "I'm so sorry I did this to you, but we need to leave. Ahora^4." Sheila's mother didn't blink. It was definitely her. It couldn't be anybody else. Nobody else on the planet shared those galactic green eyes. ^(3 my child; 4 now)

Sheila's breathing became quicker and quicker, her hands started to tremble and her head began to spin. "Venga," she anxiously spat, "que te explicarás en el auto."^5 The second she ticked her lane's light off, she gingerly picked her mother's tender hand and placed it on her chest. "I missed you so much, mamá." ^(5 C'mon, you can explain in the car)