Apple had a proven track record for millennia now. There have barely been any issues with their devices. Or at least none have reached the grander public's perception. Ever since the good old earth days the companies reputation has been rather solid.

They started back when humanity had not been a space-faring race. Back when things were simple. Back then the company was mostly known for creating communication devices. By now, however, a few thousand years later, the company had grown into massive, system spanning conglomerate. If it could be manufactured, you could buy it Apple branded.

Usually their things just worked. You didn't have to concern yourself with the details. You bought it and it did it's job. Whatever 'it' was. 

A shuttle to fly from Planet A to B, not an issue. The Apple Sh'tl Mark II looked great and was easy to use. You entered the destination and it took you there. Needed to call your family on your home-world? The iPhone MMMDVIII was the go-to device for a majority of people in the Milky Way.

The problems started when you needed to do something with the device that it wasn't specifically intended for. Jerome, a newly hired engineer on the 'THIS IS MY MINING RIG', was currently finding out just that. 

While the ship he was currently working on was perfectly suitable to fly from one asteroid to the next, do a bit of mining and then, once the cargo holds were full, return to a station to unload, it just wouldn't accept his current commands. 

The ship was being attacked by pirates and the panicking captain had yelled at him to "take care of it". Apparently the captain just had three options to chose from in his command menu. 'Go to', 'Mine' and 'Unload'. No 'fight off the pirates and escape with our life' button in sight. 

Jerome's engineering menu didn't give him a lot more to chose from. He could change the lights brightness and color, turn the communication on or off and do a few other things, none of those relevant for the current situation. He also didn't have the 'take care of it' option which the captain seemed to assume he did.

What he had wanted to do was divert power from the aft shields to the bow shields (not supported), re-configure the mining laser to work as an attack laser (not supported) and overload the reactor core slightly (not supported) in order to be able to run the shields, laser and engine at the same time (not supported).

That had left him running to the back of the ship where the engine access port was located. If the software was crap, he could always manually do everything. Problem was, he just couldn't find it. 

"Captain, I can't find the engine access port, where the hell is it?" he yelled to the front of the ship.

"Uhm, there isn't any?" came the shouted response, tone indicating more question than answer.

Thinking he must have misheard Jerome headed back to the bridge. "Captain, are you telling me there is no engine access port? Who made this ship, Apple?" 

"Actually, yes."

"FUCK!" Jerome sighed and tried to think of a new way out of this mess. 

"Maybe the Genius bar can help?" the captain suggested a little unsure.

******

r/John_writes
