The city, set on a hill in an unrealistically beautiful landscape gleamed in the sunlight. The birds chirped a perfectly beautiful song. Water cascaded in the river merrily. The walls were a perfectly creamy white. Not a single stone was out of place.

Theo hated it. Magic poured out of every orifice. All he could do was shake his head at the waste. But this was Marinhall, home to the college of magecraft. Of course they would want it to be welcoming for everyone. It wasn’t that long ago that mages were feared and hated. They had a reputation to rebuild. More so in Theo’s opinion than most others. 

He had come here to swindle the people out of their money. He was a traveler, a jokester, and a bit arrogant. He had practiced all over the country before heading here. He fully believed that the Mages would try to manipulate his tricks, so he had made friends with a few of them in their travels, practiced any way that they might mess with his tricks. He was ready now for the city.

Once inside the alabaster walls, Theo searched around for the largest market he could find, as a city this size was likely to have more than one. As he walked people laughed and smiled, completely relaxed and enjoying their day. It made him sick. How could they be so comfortable with mages around every corner? It wasn’t fair that they could manipulate reality and the lives of those who had no magic. They had no right. It was how Theo’s father had died. Some mage proving that he was superior, commanding a legion of men to their deaths, keeping them from running from the field even as the sureness of defeat spread. His father had been one of those soldiers. 

The college was at the very center of the city, and of course the largest market was right outside. Theo made his way into a spot between a vendor of fine leather and one selling sweet pastries. He briefly wondered what had previously occupied this space, as the ground still had marks from the edges of a stall. It didn’t matter. He set down his many bags and started pulling out his many accessories. Juggling pins, knives, scarves, even a couple of batons that when lit were quite large fireballs. Then out came his cards for his favorite imitation magic tricks. Logic beat true magic any day. 

He started juggling with the brightly colored scarves, his hat laid by his feet. It was only moments before the jewel colored fabric had drawn the attention of many of the surrounding shoppers. Once he had a decent sized audience he moved on to the pins - heavier but he could manage more of them. That got some applause, but not enough for Theo to be satisfied. So he moved onto the knives. They were received with shock and a few screams as it looked like they were going to plummet into him point down. He chuckled and moved on. A match was lit, and then he had three blazing fireballs. The crowd, now substantial, took a collective step backwards. Then the cheers came. He was tossing them faster and higher. He had really reeled them in. 

Once he was done with his act, he took a over exaggerated bow, and sat, his hat receiving more money than he had seen in a while. He played it cool though, shuffling his playing cards and making the cards fly between his hands. Some of the onlookers had moved closer, now that the fire was gone. 

Now was his time to make the real money. Once donations into his hat had stopped, he slid it behind him. He waved over a young girl watching him with large eyes. 

“You there miss! Would you help me with my first trick?”

She nodded and slowly walked over.

“Pick a card! Any card! Then show it to everyone behind you. But not me!”

She did just that, and as she slid it back into the deck at his motion, her eyes got even larger. He started rapidly shuffling the deck, and then dealing it out onto the ground in front of him. Once he was done, he grabbed one, and held it up, to her and the audience. 

“Is this your card?”

“It is!” She and the crowd clapped, and the true card tricks followed. Ever the salesmen of his abilities, Theo kept a close eye on the crowed. And while most of them were laughing and smiling, point when he did one trick or another, there were a few whose faces were pale and worried. Theo had to hold back a laugh. One of his friends he had met while traveling had told him that mages could sense when other mages cast magic, though the more powerful a mage, the more skill they had at hiding it. Theo had already caught one mage trying to turn the odds in their favor, and he had maneuvered around it. They thought he was a mage, and that he was casting magic. And they couldn’t feel anything. 

Of course they didn’t feel anything. He wasn’t a mage, and this wasn’t true magic. But oh, this would be fun to manipulate. Maybe he would finally be able to get back at the mage who killed his father. Maybe he could bluff his way into the college. Theo was a fast thinker, and he couldn’t help but smile at all the possibilities. 

Another mage tried to interfere with his current trick, and he dodged their attempts again. More pale faces. Theo’s smile grew even larger. 

&#x200B;

r/LandOfMisfits