God, I'm tired. 

No, I'm not tired. I'm *exhausted*.

Like they say in all the eulogies, all the remembrances: I lived a good life. My life was full of warmth and laughter. I was surrounded by my family, by my friends. 

*Was*.

Now, it's gone. They're gone. Everything has left me. I am still here, persisting, forced breath after forced breath. Heartbeat after induced heartbeat. My family has all but forgotten me. My friends are already passed on. But yet I linger, though through no choice of my own. But they can't know that, can they? I never put my signature on a paper, never laid out my wishes. I can't blame the doctors. They are doing what they think is best for me. Because I never told them, and now I can't. 

I spend my days staring at the dappled ceiling, imagining shapes in the shadows. If I concentrate, I can see the leaves on the tree outside in the utmost corner of my vision. They dance there like will o' the wisps, taunting me with their freedom, but ever out of reach. Today, it's as if those leaves are watching me; I can feel the stare of their shadowed eyes on my face. The window is cracked open, I can feel the mild air; it faintly smells of magnolia. 

I close my eyes, too tired, too *exhausted*, to enjoy any of it. I'm done. But the machines aren't. I wish they could be. But they will soldier on, dragging me along behind them. 

Wait, something is different. Something is… *wrong*. My breath is thick, hard to draw. My eyes come open, and for the first time in uncountable months, my heart feels aflutter. The nurses are running in, they accost their machines, no one notices me. My world is going white. My bed jostled in the madness. My head lolls to the side, I can see the beautiful tree. I can see… a squirrel on the windowsill. A squirrel, with a section of clear medical tubing between its teeth. And as I fade, I can see, can hear her in my head. "*All those years ago, I never forgot. I am truly sorry I never found some way to repay you, until today. I hope you find your peace.*" 

The squirrel slips away, unnoticed, through a hole in the screen. I slip away, unnoticed, into darkness. *Thank you, kind squirrel, thank you.*