I put the pencil down, shaking. I turned my head back to the page next to me. The battle of 1066 was now the battle of the hairiest balls. 

That’s impossible. I wrote the stupidest thing I possibly could and it just turned history on it’s head. What am I a god? What kind of god is up at 11 with his wife asleep upstairs as he’s marking history papers? 

Lets say it’s true. I have the power to rewrite history, to change everything. I’ve seen The Butterfly Effect, will those changes stay isolated, or will they change other things too? I had to be very careful.

Springing from my chair I lunged to the world history book on my shelves, history of America, South Afria, history of France and Britain there we go. The pages flicked past as I desperately scrambled for any changes. Suddenly something caught my eye. The 100 years war was now the...100 years war. 

Oh thank god, I had misread it in my panic.

I leant back in my chair and stared at the short, damp ceiling above me as the smell of old book filled my nostrils. I straggled my fingers through my thinning hair as I contemplated this newfound godlike power. All those great tragedies to undo. Hmm.

I rubbed out the answer on his Billy Mitchell’s paper, “It was the party of 1066.” 

I looked back at the page of my other book and read about the uproarious merrymaking that France  brought to the shores of Britain, it talked of King Harold drinking beer through his eye and King William started a craze in Britain called “Breake Dancing.” 

Hmm. Does it change things in the real world too? 

No…surely not.

I snatched my phone up 

"Google, Youtube search G*reatest Breakdancer*s”

Was that...was that Warren Buffet?

The audience was full of smartly dressed aristocratic looking white men watching in suits as he span rapidly on his back. Before flipping into an amazing headspin. Wow. This shit is hilarious. If the real world changes that means no one will get the joke.

Okay what else can I do…Hitler? 

Hitler of course. I grabbed a stack of old exam papers, here, Nazi Germany. Need a question on Nazi Germany, one that would give me an in. 

“What were the purpose of concentration camps?”

I took a heavy breath as I read the well written, affecting answer. It really was heartbreaking to read, an amazing answer. Sorry Stephen. 

I rubbed it out as excitement flowed through my hand, then stopped sat back in my chair and thought. 

I Really thought, I let my mind swim through a sea of possibilities. What would hitler hate. Really hate. What could I do to change the world for the better with someone with his horrifying charisma?

Oh my god. That’s it.

I wrote furiously onto the page and ended my paragraph with an emphatic full stop.

“Honey, are you still marking papers?”

My wife stood in the doorway, her eyes blearily blinking back sleep.

“Honey, honey, please you have to tell me, who was Adolf Hitler?”

She rolled her eyes at me with a sigh, of course she thought I was kidding.

“Just open the curtains you dolt.”

I scrunched my eyebrows and turned as a concoction of dread and hope filled my stomach. Then I took one step, two. Put a hand on each curtain. Took a deep breath and yanked them back. Well fuck.

That was a much bigger statue where the World War 2 memorial used to be.

“Adolf Hitler. He helped end segregation worldwide, brought colonialism to an end and legalised gay marriage before his untimely death in 1945. Surely the greatest Ballerino of our time.” 