Noticing everybody staring I ducked my head and gave up. All of a sudden just like before the hustle and bustle of the airport continues like nothing ever happened. I start to make my way to my apartment, and I can’t help but feel as if someone is watching me. I survey my surroundings and notice nothing, but can’t shake the feeling. 

I throw myself in bed and start to cry. Feeling as if I’m trapped in this miserable town and can’t get out. 

Waking the next morning I lay in bed. “What is the meaning of this life!” I shout in a hoarse voice. That’s when I notice a neatly folded piece of parchment on my desk. “Was that there last night?” I ask myself. I make my way to the letter and look at the name. “Jonathon” in the neatest penmanship I’ve ever seen. 
“Was this there when I came In last night?” I asked myself. It may have, I was pretty distraught last night. 

“KNOCK KNOCK” the pounding on the door sent shivers down my spine. As I look at the door I notice another letter, and in bold letters it read. “JUMP FROM YOUR WINDOW NOW!” The knocks became louder and more persistent. I’m stunned. No way I’m going to jump, it’s three stories. I hear a big burley man roar “BOY! Open up!” That’s the kings servant. What is he doing here I thought. At that moment he burst through the door. When he did, the pressure in the room pushed my window ajar. I knew then, JUMP!

Plummeting to what I think is my death I land in a cart hauling leathers and raw sheeps wool. Dazed, I gather my composure. All of a sudden the cart comes to a halt. “Hey boy, get out of my goods!” “Why does everyone call me boy?” I wondered. Shaking it off I run, And find the nearest inn. I walk in non chalantly hoping no one will notice me. Luckily no one does. I need to read this letter I thought. So I made my way to a table and took a seat. The waitress appears “what’ll you be havin? We have a good barley soup and an old loaf of bread if you’ll have it, and some okay ale if I don’t say so myself” “uhh thanks but I’ll just have a glass of ale please.” I said in what I hoped was a calm and friendly manner. “A glass of ale it is then” the waitress said as she sauntered off to get me my ale. It’s at this time I notice that I’m the only guest in the inn. “Hmm, that’s strange.” I thought. 

I remove the letter from my pocket and look it over. That’s when I notice the wax seal. It’s a letter P with what looks like two olive branches behind it. “This seal seems familiar yet it doesn’t” I thought. I open the letter and start to read. “Jonathon, if you’re reading this letter then that means you’ve made it to the flying boar” at that time the waitress makes her way back to my table and sits my mug on the table “the finest ale the flying boar has to offer.” She said. “Thanks” I murmured confusedly. 

“We’ve been waiting for you, for a very long time. You’ve broken the spell, and it won’t be long before they find you here. I know you have a lot of questions, and in time you’ll get answers. Trust no one they’re all remnants of the spell meant to entrap you. Just know that you are the last of the Paxaferro name. The bringer of peace. You will set this world straight and end the reign of evil, and destruction. You are the true king, and our last hope. Follow these instructions precisely and we will be waiting for you...”