"We will then disembark from the beach west of the south ridge." Our Glorious Leader bellowed.

His hand raised another.

"Sir stop!" I moaned. My head could not help but drop into my hands in exasperation.

The dull thud of the knife confirmed my worst fears. Another map gone. To think the kingdom may fall because of this. The gold in our reserves were being depleted by this knaves theatrics. I understood when he was still winning, when the war was going well; that my status as general was going to have to take a back sea to the politics of a divided military leadership.

"Glorious Leader, please cease this destruction of out navigational scrolls! We've tried to hint at the importance of these but I feel a more frank discussion may be required."

He grumbled something under his breath, he may not listen but we had to try.

"These maps are Majorcan!" One said.

"The costs for these maps is too much to bear for even our proud state!" Said another.

For once we were united.

When he burst into our meeting room 3 years ago and declared we had become complacent he was right. We had all been fighting over which general should lead this glorious battle. All choosing someone else to lead, as the summer winds were warm and spoils were still plenty. I was about to issue my first order when our Glorious Leader burst through the doors and stripped power from me. I thought it would mean we would all stay in the countryside while he led the battle still raging at the border. He had other plans.

I knew I had to make this polite as possible.

"Sir, I believe you can see we need you to just stop doing this one thing. If you could humour me on this, I would-"

The youngest of us stood up, he'd been told not to speak. I paused and realized immediately this was a mistake.

"Sir, I believe you should give us back the power and respect our positions demand!"

Fucking idiot. Stop.

"I worked all my life for this position and have done my job well. You must understand why I'm not happy with you doing my job."

This is not what we planned, if you don't stop-

"In fact, why should you even be leader given the troop losses you've made us sustain."

Our Glorious Leader just stood up grabbed the knife from his belt and quick as lightning plunged it down into the idiots hand, through the map underneath, and into the table.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Now we're all here at the front lines. Waiting for battle. I never thought I would be here again but then I suppose I've learned there is a price for growing old and fat.