“So, do you want it or not?” It was about more than just the money at this point. “I’ve had enough of those greedy bastards doing what they want, it needs to stop! Nature needs to fight back” I could feel my blood boiling, and this dumb orc’s response? “It’s a wittle smawl innit?” I couldn’t believe my ears. “Are you fucking mad?” I growled as 8 feet of high grade samurai sword sat glistening between us. “Not only was it hand forged by Masamune Okazaki himself, but it was used by none other than Seph-“ I caught myself shouting, “Sephiroth” I whispered. The orcs eyes lit up at this and I knew I had his attention. “My boss would like that very much” he drooled. “I’m sure she would, and at this price I’m sure I deserve a face to face?” The orcs face contorted into a snarl, yet a gentle cough came from the shadows over his enormous shoulder, finally the warlock who had arrived with Korg nodded signalling I was in.  This was it, I’d waited for a sit down with Kerrigan for far too long, while these so called heroes slaughtered creatures across the lands, from dragons and orcs to skulltula and bari’s. The huge hoard of special weapons, potions and other items I had amassed over the years from these adventurers would finally have an army worthy of using them. “Just one thing” said the warlock in a voice that was more fitting to an accountant than an all powerful wizard, “Kerrigan will require a gift, in good faith?” , “the sword” I offered. “Something a little more... special perhaps?” Asked the Warlock who’s name I couldn’t quite pronounce. I smiled, “I have just the thing” I said as I opened a satchel containing a Blue shell from the mushroom kingdom, will this do? The Warlock smiled, as he did the room around me began to crumble to dust, and all of a sudden we had been transported into a great hall, and sat before me, Kerrigan: Queen of Blades, she smiled at me “I’ve been waiting for you, Shopkeeper...” my heart skipped a beat. “Please call me...” [insert character creation screen]