The first thing I noticed upon waking up was the softness of the blades of grass I was laying on. It felt feathery, soft, and wholesome on my naked body. I was laying in a meadow, and it was beautiful. An apple tree shaded me from the warm, radiant sun and an array of flowers encircled me. Two lines of mossy trees with vibrant pink petals lead my eyes down a single pathway. I noticed various fruit trees scattered in this meadow. Something in this picture called me to follow the road, so I quickly stood on my feet and followed the call.

As I reached the end of the path, a marble stairway leading into the foggy sky ominously looked down upon me. And while this too felt wholesome, there was something wrong. One detail screamed "Get back!" The pillowy grass was different here. Where it was lushly green in the meadow behind me, here the color brown was mixed. As though Picasso had left his mark in this area. Nonetheless, the call in my heart grew. It beckoned me forward, and up the seemingly endless stairway.

As I stepped onto the first step, the call turned into a tangible whisper from a distant land. Though I couldn't make out the words, I could tell by the tone that this being was unhappy. Something was wrong. My heart fluttered and I desired to return to the meadow, where everything was tranquil and filled with love. Instead I followed the voice, into the clouds. As soon as my head plunged into the first layer of the fog, a rancid smell encroached me. 

I walked for what seemed to be hours. My legs grew tired. My mind grew heavy. The stench grew stronger. I continued onwards. When at last my head peaked above the clouds, a gruesome sight overcame me. Death and despair lay everywhere. Creatures with unimaginable anatomy lay dead everywhere. Animals with hundreds of eyes, multiple arms, wings and other bizarre descriptions were sprawled out on the marble. Silver liquid pooled around them and maggots crawled over them. I unwillingly walked forwards, carefully choosing a path around each creature. The voice seemed to speak directly to me now, but the words were still undistinguishable. I could make out two syllables and nothing more. 

A great gate stood opened before me and as I passed through it the voice became shrill. It hissed at me. It was angry with me. There were no bodies on the other side, but the horrid smell became unbearable. Nonetheless, I continued onwards down the marble pathway towards a great city that appeared to be crumbling. I approached the city and noticed wisps of energy on the ground. The orbs seemed cracked and many had nearly completely faded out. As I neared each of them the light within them fluttered until I passed them by. Each wisp I passed by whispered to me, similarly to the first call of the shrill and angry voice. 

Finally, the call in my heart led me to a great hall in the middle of the city. A set of stairs led to the entrance of the building where great pillars stood and unmatchable architecture set this house apart anything I had ever seen before, and this seemed to be the only building not riddled with decay. Pillars and gold leaf marked this building of incredible importance. As I walked up the stairs, I now noticed streams of golden blood flowing down the marble stairway. A gray bearded man lay there with dozens of wounds all over his body. He was clothed in clean white robes, had on a colorful cape and a golden scepter lay cracked in half beside his body. The golden blood freely flowed out of each wound. My heart raced with terror. The shrill voice shouted at me now: "SINNER!" I stepped directly over the body which lay between me and the entrance and sprung open the doors.

The scene before me was like no other. There were rows of seats lined with more of the wisps, this time lively and floating, colorful and emitting a bright glow. Golden torches lit the room around me. A single seat in the middle of the room stood out. My heart called to me again to sit here, and I did so unwillingly. I faced a great white throne. I took one look at the man in the throne and my heart pounded so hard I thought it would escape my chest. Sitting in the throne was the man who lay dead outside. He was very much unharmed and looked at me with judgement in his eyes. Beside him sat a boy. On the other side sat a painting. This painting portrayed images of me, shifting from one image to another. Images of things I could remember, things I had felt, things I had done. While I felt ashamed of it all now, the version of me in the painting looked proud of the uniform I wore and the medals I had earned.

And then God said, "You have sinned against the Holy Father and disrupted the kingdom of heaven. Explain yourself or be cast out into the streets of Hell."

And then the boy said, "Father, forgive him, for he does not know what he has done."


First writing prompt ever, go easy on me! 