"My son, Prince Dailan, and High Arbitor of the High Court, rise." King Ulysses eyed his son with pride, trying to hold back tears for Dailan. Prince Dailan scrounged the inside of the coat for the offering, an ivory carved into the shape of an unfinished effigy and handed it to King Ulysses. Holding the figure up to the sky Ulysses chanted, "who will be the one to aide my just son into battle, make your namesake known through your image upon this votive ivory." Ulysses and Dailan both bowed making prayer to Tyr who had sponsored Ulysses fifty years ago in the same ceremony and granted him victory.

Above them formed a dark and thunderous cloud, many leagues into the air, it crackled with lightning. The two uneasily shuffled at the appearance of the nimbus, Tyr would not be their patron god. The audiences murmurs grew as the cloud began its descent, word of a new god began to go around and soon the entire arena's talk was consumed by the billowing aether, which was still in its slow fall.

The temperature in the arena chilled, running chills up the spine of the audience. The stands were completely silent, and the spectators excitedly awaited the debut of the god. Finally, the cloud settled onto Ulysses open palms, black mist curling around the offering and trickling down the king's wrists. Then suddenly Ulysses gave off an agonizing cry and dropped the statue, he brought his hands to his eyes, seeing they were black with blight and gasped. Confused, Dailan picked up the effigy, now stained an ebony glaze. In the effigy's hand was the scythe of the reaper and now the figure sat upon a great jet black stallion with eyes of opal. It was a cryptic image, and Dailan immediately recognized his sponsor as the keeper himself, Death.

Ulysses recovered from his shock and stood regally, hiding his displeasure from the audience who had not said a word since the king had dropped the figure. He bellowed in his booming voice, "My son, Prince Dailan, will be sponsored by the fearful and wretched god, Death." The crowd burst into an uneasy applause and gossiped about the possible relationship that the prince had with the god. Dailan exited the arena bowl and made his way to the temple where he would get a chance to commune with the god before the battle.

Each step took him one step closer to dread, all his life Dailan had opposed dark and treacherous gods. He had built himself up to be a paragon of good, the hope of his kingdom, and all of it was squandered by a god who had played a cruel trick on him. He approached the large font that stood before the temple and detested Death's choice of champion,  "why have you claimed me? Surely a god such a Tyr or Odin would have been more suitable. I am the symbol of justice in my kingdom, I uphold the law. But you dare come down and claim me? Forever will my name be tainted by this act."

Smoke began to circle out of the font and form into a spiral ten feet tall. It swirled, cycling faster and faster until all that could be seen was a curved wall of black puff. Then suddenly, it burst open. The smoke transforming into a murder of crows which flocked away to reveal a shady figure atop a thoroughbred. It held a ceremonial scythe and emanated a glowing mist. The god turned to face Dailan, "do not lecture me, boy, I know that you are a man of justice. I have chosen you because just like you, my champion, death is impartial, it is the ultimate law of nature. Will you accept this truth? I wonder. But you will find my boon to be useful one way or another." Death raised his scythe and fired a howling blast of icy torrent at Dailan, who was unscathed. The god howled, a menacing and echoing cackle that rang through the bones of the people watching the interaction, "Yes my champion, you are truly worthy of my blessing if even the winds of doom cannot shake your iron will. Now go, for the glory of the everlasting kingdom!" The crows returned and enveloped Dailan, covering him in a blanket of feathers. He emerged from the swarm with a chest plate of blue ice. The god's image had disappeared. The words of Death echoed through the young prince's ears *my champion, death is impartial* words that could not have been truer.

Ulysses brought the attention of the crowd to him, "we will now introduce our next champion, Prince Liard of Gristhald!" the arena returned to its normal mood and the ceremony continued in the normal fashion. Gods such as Zeus, Ra, and Bacchus claimed champions for their side. When the ceremonies ended the princes were taken to their places in the arena.

The gods in heaven placed their wagers, many boasting of their champion to others, the clouds shook with excitement. All of them were eager to watch the bloodbath, ready to claim victory over their peers. Death silently brooded in the corner of the viewing party on Olympus, the fools didn't realize that killing wasn't a sport, he sighed *by the end of this, you jesters will know the value of a life.* Ulysses rang the bell to start the games. All of the fighters ran headfirst into each other.

The champion of Ares thrust his spear into the throat of Gaia's champion, creating a fountain of blood that spewed onto the colosseum floor. The crowd cheered at the brutal display.

Zeus' champion called upon the lighting of his patron, and chucked a powerful bolt at the champion of Hades, reducing the poor prince to a pile of ash and charring the ground around him.

Neptune's chosen impaled his three-pronged trident into the abdomen of Vulcan's and heaved the body up to the sky upon the bloody fork. Sanguine water poured from the holes made in Vulcan's champion and clung to the trident's shaft.

Then, without warning, a blast of freezing frost shot in all directions from Dailan's chest plate, rendering the other contestants useless. Dailan walked up to each of the champions and offered prayer to them before plunging his sword through their neck.

The audience booed at the spectacle. Olympus stood still. One by one, the other contestants fell until Dailan was the only one left. But even in victory tears streamed down his cheeks. Now he knew that the god was correct. Death is blind, it comes to anybody. There were no rules, no warnings, and no reason. Only one person could come out of the arena and Death had made sure his champion was well equipped, that's all. In his shame, Dailan claimed the crown and exited, the crowd booing behind him. He justified his ugly display to himself the words still echoing through his skull, *death is impartial.*