"This-bar-seat-oh!"

I don't speak Spanish, not even a little. So whenever a certain popular Spanish dance song comes on the radio I usually just substitute whatever English words pop into my head, regardless of how little sense they make. At this particular moment I was drawing the outline of the giant star that would be going on the top of my nephew's birthday cake, in order to earn the title of "Favorite Aunt". But before I could even begin to fill it in a pair of hooved feet appeared above it, crushing all my hard work a moment later when gravity kicked in.

There was a demon standing up my table.

She looked a lot like a normal human, but all the details where off. In addition to the hooves she had horns and a tail, and her skin was  black. Not that shade of brown we humans call black when talking about skin, but actually black. And she wasn't dressed like a demon. No red leather corset, no black underwear pretending to be clothes. Instead she was wearing a red knitted turtlekneck and skinny jeans. I'm pretty sure I have that exact outfit in my closet somewhere.

That's when the yelling started. "Where am I? Is this a kidnapping? I'm warning you I know Shir'alak and I'm not afraid to use it!"

"What are you doing in my house?" I yelled after the shock of having a well dressed demon suddenly appear wore off.

"I don't know! I was minding my own business watching the latest episode of Charmed when I was suddenly dragged across the multiverse by you. Now I'll never know if Prue survived."

"Latest episode? That show ended over a decade ago. And more importantly, I didn't do anything! I was just badly singing while I decorated a cake."

"What where you decorating the cake with, pentagrams?"

"It was a *star!* I just hadn't filled it in yet. And don't you need virgin's blood or something to summon a demon?"

"I don't know! It's not like I took occult ritual class in high school." This demon is surprisingly normal. I'm kinda disappointed.

"Then I guess you don't know how I can send you back either."

"Not a clue."

"Well I since I sort of summoned you out of pure chance I don't know how to send you back so it looks like you're stuck here. If you want you can go watch Charmed on my TV. I'm pretty sure Netflix has the whole series."

Her eyes lit up like a small child being offered a huge cake. "Oh sweet! It takes *forever* to get human TV back home." While she bounced to the livingroom, I got to work making another cake hoping I can get that same reaction from my nephew.

I start wondering what I'm going to do with my new demonic roommate. She seems nice enough and she has great taste in clothes, but I'm not really comfortable sharing an apartment with a creature from another dimension.

Maybe I can set her up with my brother. He's into those anime girls with cat ears, so he probably wouldn't mind dating someone with a tail.