I never really liked her that much. But if there's ever a time to build bridges, the end of the universe is probably it.

It took me a while to find her. I am a patient man. I let her took the time she needed, and when she let me, I tracked her down to a small asteroid.

"This is it," she said, after I found her. "You win. Are you proud of yourself?"

"Honestly?" I said, looking out at the expanse of the void, "...yeah. I think I am."

She didn't seem to take my reply too well. We had never seen eye-to-eye on this sort of thing. Still, at least she wasn't running.

"How about you?" I asked, after an awkward pause.

"What?"

"Are you proud?"

She made a coughing noise that I took to mean, "you couldn't possibly understand."

"You couldn't possibly understand," she said.

"Try me."

"I oversaw the most beautiful things," she said, wistfully. "Amazing creatures with beautiful ideas.

"But you should know," she snapped, her tone turning terse. "You met them all. Right when you were taking them away."

"Life cannot exist without Death," I said, patiently. "It was their time."

"Their 'time'? Why did they need a time?"

"How is life precious without death?" I asked, probably a little more angrily than I meant to. "How could life grow or evolve unless I was there to renew it?"

"Whatever you want to tell yourself," she said as she stood, wiping the debris from her dress. "Let's just get this over with."

I wanted to sigh, but I restrained myself. I am a patient man.

Like so many times before, I summoned the Doorway to the realm beyond. I would like to say it felt different, knowing this was the last time, but that would be a lie.

"After you," I said as I motioned to the door.

She took a step forward before suddenly pausing.

"Are..." she stuttered, "...are you coming too?"

"Of course. Death cannot exist without Life. We may not have had the best relationship, but you are still my sister. And you will never be alone."

She stood for what felt like an eternity, and perhaps it was. Then her eyes began to swell with tears. She embraced me. I hadn't felt anything so warm in as long as I could remember.

"Do you think we'll ever come back?" she asked.

"I don't know. The universe is a strange place. Life could rise again."

"And death," she added. "But it would take millenia. Or longer."

I shrugged.

"I am a patient man."