I expected to go to hell, I expected the lava, the spiky grass, hell I even expected the solidarity. I had used it myself on many people, its delightful to watch. 

I did not expect music. 

Someone was playing the harmonica, and awfully at that. The notes were completely off, the person, if it was a person, repeated the same section of the song but clearly faltered dozens of times.  

What the hell. What else am I going to do? I followed the noise through the twisting hallways, open fields, and lava rivers. The place was not much for geography, or well, physics, really. At one point I went up an elevator and ended up in a castle *on* lava. Yeah. 

And so it went, the music going tantalizingly louder, slowly but surely. I have no idea how long I spent chasing the sound constantly. Just when dark thoughts came over me, just when I thought I would never get to the source the music grew a bit louder, and my hope rekindled. 

As it was, I was running through a forest full of bees when a thought occured to me. 

What if this *was* hell?

What if this was the torture? Forever following the music, feeling it getting closer, but never actually getting to it. Suddenly my knees felt weak, and I fell to the ground. I closed my eyes, holding back tears. I wouldn't break this easily dammit. I broke other people, no one broke me. 

No one.

I opened my eyes, determined to keep on the quest, whether it leads anywhere or not. But when I opened my eyes I did not find myself in that deadly forest, but in an office. 

And the musician was sitting next to me. 

He looked, well, defeated. His shirt was all rumpled, only half tucked in. His hair was ruffled, and his eyes had dark circles under them. His dark beard was unkempt, and his nails were half an inch long. But the man wasn't broken. I've seen broken people and there is something about them, slumped shoulders, sunken face. *Something.* But this man wasn't that. He was close, but not beaten. 

I would know. 

I stood there awkwardly, then decided to go for it, "What's up?" 

That's a normal thing to say right? I'm not very good at the talking thing. 

The man stopped playing his harmonica and looked up, as if noticing me for the first time. "huh," he grunted, "it's the serial killer. Welcome to hell." He actually produced confetti from his shirt pocket and threw it up in the air. 

I frowned. "You know who I am?" 

The man actually laughed. "Of course I do, *human,* I know all the sinners." He shrugged nonchalantly, "how do you think I designed your torture? It was great wasn't it, I didn't even have to do anything, just play the harmonica." He looked up to the ceiling as if remembering something, and said, so softly that I wasn't even sure it was intended for me, "Hope...it's a beautiful thing"

Suddenly it all clicked. "You're Him, err, Lucifer!" I said, triumphantly. I was glad I'd remembered the name. 

Lucifer looked at me with a dead pan expression and clapped, "You're a bloody genius, you know that?"  

I felt my cheeks heat up. "Not much of religious person, alright?" 

Lucifer just chuckled, and resumed playing the harmonica.

I stood there in awkward silence, listening to that awful music for a minute before I snapped. "Stop!" I almost screamed.

Lucifer stopped playing the harmonica and raised an eyebrow at me. 

"Err," I raced to think of some point of conversation, "what torture techniques do you use in hell?" 

He actually smiled a little. "Oh you would be interested wouldn't you! Let me give you a tou-" Then he stopped, frowned, and continued playing. 

"Wait, what," I asked, confused, "you were just going to give ma tour, what the hell?" 

Lucifer sighed. "Alright, that's enough of this. Why are you here?" 

I frowned. "What?"

Suddenly he was holding me up. I didn't even realize what had happened, but one one second I was standing on the ground frowning, the next I was hefted off my feet. "You've come to mock me right? He snarled, "Ooooh Lucifer lost everyone in hell, let's rub it the fuck in." He made a disgusted noise then threw me across the room. 

I was stunned for a moment, but not hurt. "I have no idea what you're talking about," I said flatly. 

His eyes suddenly blazed red, and he took a menacing step towards me, then stopped. "You're telling the truth aren't you?"

I nodded.

"They didn't meet you when you came in? Didn't show you the exit?"

"There's an exit?"

Lucifer scowled. "Yeah. There is," he said, anger brimming beneath his voice, "Everyone escaped through it when it was revealed after we were drilling to make a new volcano. Overpopulation, you know," he explained with a casual gesture. 

"So, everyone just leaves hell?" I asked. 

Lucifer shrugged, "yeah, nothing I can do about it. Found out too late. And now they stand at the entrance of hell, and direct everyone to heaven. Atheists, agnostics, robbers,  billionaires, all of them." He looked up. "You must've been a really shitty person."

I grinned at that. 

"Anyways," Lucifer sighed, "Now you know. Scamper along to heaven, leave me be."

"Why would I do that?"

Lucifer looked up at me again, confused. 

"I was always different, I want to be different. If everyone's at heaven, probably having fun. Talking. Laughing," I spit out the words, "I won't fit in. I wouldn't want to." 

We lapsed in silence when something occurred to me. Something so ridiculously obvious that it baffled me why Lucifer hadn't seen it. "Why don't you take the exit?" I asked Lucifer.

Lucifer stared at me then chuckled mirthlessly. "Join them?" He whispered, "after separating millennia ago, I would admit defeat, begged to be let back into their ranks. Me. Beg." He enunciated the last words very distinctly. 

I shook my head. "Of course, not. Not give up, not really."

"Then why?"

"To reclaim what's yours."

***
(minor edits)

If you liked this check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 

