I still have no idea why high school me decided I wanted to study NECROMANCY. I mean really? I might as well have studied liberal arts, or gotten an English major.

 Raising people from the dead without their consent is completely illegal. And people who are dead usually can’t give consent so they just stay dead. Becuase of this Necromancy is pretty much entirely academic. We learn all the spells and revive a few dead bugs but nothing more. 

You can’t do anything as a Necromancer as a modern wizard. If you study herbology you can at least grow crops, and if you study spell dialects you can at least train actors. 

At least that’s what I used to think. 

The one thing we can revive is bugs, they don’t have souls according to ye olde academics, so they don’t have a right to consent. It’s a little messed up ,but my ant farm is thriving.

One day about a month or two ago I was trying to revive a worm I saw laying along some dead plants in the crack of a sidewalk. I said the proper incantation and the little fellow wiggles away. But to my astonishment the plants he had been laying on also changed, their brownish hues turning spring green. Their stomped leaves bloomed upwards “What?” I said. 

I called my friend Gerald Glenn, he and I hadn’t been in contact he was one of many who considered necromancy a sin. 

“Hey, Gerry!” I said hoping a cheerful tone would erase years apart

“ What is it John?” He mumbled in response

 “ Say Gerry, you know about plants right?” 

“ Johnathon I’m a florist, it’s my job”

“ oh, yeah. Well! Have you ever seen a plant..... revive?”

“Um no?”

“ Like one moment it’s all brown and droopy and the next its green and springy.” 

“ Johnathon.......... are you on drugs?”

“No, so it’s not normal?”

“ No Johnathon, plants aren’t like your creepy crawlers they don’t just revive. Anyway I thought I told you not to call me until your edgy ‘ I’m a necromancer phase ended’ “ Suddenly Gerry hung up, so naturally I packed up my bag and headed for his fields 3 hours away.
  
Part one 


