I was walking, it was a sunny afternoon but this particular street was in the bad part of town. No matter how sunny it was, it would always look dreary. As I passed the fortune tellers place, which had been there since I was 4, I saw a man up the street. He had no shoes and was dressed as though he'd gotten his clothes from a skip bin. I put my head down as I saw him look towards me and start shouting at something behind me. I quickly turn my head and see nothing. As he gets closer to me, I hear a gun shot and he falls. I quickly move towards him and catch him, he pulls the glasses off his face and starts to lift them towards me. I grab them from his hand as he takes his last breath and slumps in my arms. A nearby stranger moves towards us and shuffles him onto the ground as another man calls the police. I just sit in shock. 

A man just died in my arms. He had given me his glasses. I decide to put  them on. Suddenly the man that I had just seen die, was standing in front of me as an opaque figure with a little girl holding his hand. I look around and there were suddenly opaque figures everywhere, where there hadn't been anyone before. One figure was standing next to me and as I looked at them, I realised it was my best friend, Tom, from High School who had died in a car crash during our Junior year. 

"Who are you?" They wouldn't respond. I took the glasses off my face and suddenly they were gone. I shove them into my pocket as the police arrive. They talk to the stranger who shifted the man from my lap and he points towards me. The police approach me and begin asking questions. 

"Did you see the man who shot him?" 
"Did you know the man who was shot?" 
"Someone says they saw the man shouting at you, what was it about?" 

I just stood in shock as they asked me questions. So they put me in the squad car and took me to the hospital. The police officers searched me and found the glasses in my pocket. 

"I need those to see," I said quietly. They gave them to me and I put them on. As we walked into the hospital, the amount of opaque figures increased. They had me sitting in an empty waiting room with one police officer, the other had to go back to the investigation. I sat in the waiting room and  when the police officer went to get coffee, an opaque figure walked in. 

"What are you?" I whispered. 
"Haven't you figured it out yet? I was told you were smart Jerry," she responded. 
"But it's not possible." 
"Then how am I standing here?" She asks with a very real smile. 
"I don't know."

The police officer walks back into the room and the girl smiles slightly before disappearing back through the doors. The officer hands me a cup of something hot. I take a sip. Hot chocolate. 

"I'm Officer Sanding, can I ask what your name is?" She says politely. 
"I'm Jerry," I respond.
"And how old are you Jerry?" Asking another question. 
"I'm 19," I say. 
"Can you tell me what happened with Mr Scalmon?" 
"Who's that?" 
"The man that was shot on Parsons Terrace," 
"I don't know anyone called Mr Scalmon," 

The Officer Sanding frowns and sighs. I just sit quietly beside her as she writes some notes in a book. A nurse comes into the room. 

"Doctor Ling will see you now," she announces. Officer Sanding stands up so I follow her. We move through a few hallways filled with opaque teenagers and arrive at the doctors office. The nurse opens the door and I walk in behind Officer Sanding, the doctor gestures for me to sit on the bed which takes up a corner of the room. I sit down, listening as the doctor and Officer Sanding have a quiet conversation. 

"We think he's in shock, he just saw a man get shot and die." 
"That's enough to do it, I'll check his vitals and ask him some questions- he may have to be taken to the mental health ward just for a night or two," Doctor Ling explains to Sanding. He then moves quickly over to the bed. 

I look around and we're the only ones in the room, no opaque figures. 
"Hi Jerry, how old are you?" The doctor asks. 
"I'm 19," I respond quietly. 
"When's your birthday?" 
"June 5th." 
"Where do you live?"
"In an apartment in South Perth." 
"Do you have any siblings?" 
"One, my older brother." 
"Do you know what happened to Mr Scalmon?" 
"I don't know who Mr Scalmon is." 

The doctor sighs and glances back at the Police officer and I just sit on the bed. It's quite comfortable, I could sleep on this. Thinking of sleep, I close my eyes and my mind runs to how nice it would be to sleep right now. 

Suddenly the doctor clears his throat and I flick my eyes open. He's standing in front of me, looking at me expectantly. 
"Sorry, pardon?" 
"Do you mind if I take a look at your eyes and ears?" Doctor Ling questions. 
"Go ahead." He shines a light in my eyes and then asks me to follow his finger. He then sticks something in my ear and looks through it. Then the other ear. Upon request, I open my mouth and he puts a popstick in it as he checks my throat. 
"I'm just gonna keep him for evaluation tonight, do you have any ID that can help us contact his parents or someone? Just so they know where he is." 
"We don't but we haven't searched him properly yet." 
"Jerry is there someone we can call?" 
"My mother," I recall and hand him my phone with her number displayed. Once they call my mum, they take me to another room and ask me if I'd like to sleep. I nod and they shut the curtains. Suddenly Tom is beside me again. 

"What is happening?" I ask.
"The glasses let you see us." 
"Who are you?" I whisper. 
"I'm still Tom, but this is my bareling form." 
"What's a bareling?"
"We are similar to what humans call ghosts. Where humans have this idea that ghosts are souls that have been trapped in purgatory, barelings are the remaining existence of humans who were sent back to Earth to bring their loved ones home." 
"Where is home? You mean like heaven?" 
"No I mean the star Char," Tom responds. 
"So home is a star?" I ask. 
"Yes, but only to certain beings. Anyone who puts those glasses on and see's barelings, belongs to Char and is called a Charling." 
"What do I do?" 
"You have to choose between Char and Earth, if you die on Earth then you are immediately transported back to Char in your Charling form." 
"So I can just live my life on Earth and then go back to Char anyway?" 
"Well yes but Charlings are immortal and stay the same age. However on Earth, Charlings grow old. So if you die when you're 19 here, then you will be 19 forever on Charling. In comparison, if you live a long life on Earth and die at 90 then you are 90 on Charling forever." 
"So-" 
"Someone's coming, you can't keep talking to me. But I'll always be somewhere near you, so if you have to ask a question just call my name when there's no humans around." 
"Before they come, who are you bringing back to Char?" 
"You." 