"That's a child..." exclaimed the mage, dumbfounded.

"Yes."

"A... mortal child...." the mage continued, eyes aglow as they scrutinized the situation - not that I could blame them. This was a rather peculiar situation.

"Indeed."

"...why...is there... a child...." they continued. I sometimes forget how entertaining it can be to perplex their kind. Mages tend to be so sure of themselves and their understanding of the world. Present them with something that defies their expectations and they're at a loss. Elders tend to hide it well, but the young? The young are fiery and wear their confusion atop their robes.

"It's a long story."

"Considering one would be remiss to neglect combining Seledrixis and Slayer of Kingsmen in the same breath..." Did they still call me the Slayer of Kingsmen? One kingdom fell at the twilight of the last millennia. They chose their own fate, I merely carried out it's execution, you'd think they'd have had the time to let the matter pass... 

"Would you like to hear the tale-"

"I'd like to hear the tale." Light flares before us both. The child writhes in their cloths, irritated by the intrusive brightness before settling back into slumber.

"I take it you've noticed that Kaldura has fallen."

"Months ago, yes," they respond with pangs of regret. Unsurprising, it was their kin who caused it.

"This is their heiress"

They pause, head tilting as they process my words. "Their... heiress."

"Their heiress."

"You have the heiress to the throne of Kaldura." Again with repeating themselves. Are all mages like this? Perhaps I should make a jaunt to their tower sometime - perhaps seek out a larger cavern with flowing water this time.

"The same."

The pregnant silence that follows ends as the child shifts. I glance in their direction, careful not to move but so much lest the scraping of my underbelly over the cavern floor cause her to wake. Fitful sleep this evening, she may need something soon. I return my attention to the mage as expletives form on their lips.

"You seem surprised"

"You're a leveler of EMPIRES-"

"-It was once almost a millennia pas-"

"-THREE TIMES-" they interject.

"THREE... three?"

With a irksome click of the tongue and lidded eyes, the mage produced a tome from heaven knows where - I honestly suspect they just keep books around them because they feel insecure without a library present - and begin to thumb through the pages, all the while maintaining eye contact. "Antallia, Vellire and Chastafore" they reply, not even taking the time to look in the book they conjured forth.

"...Does Vellire count? They struck me as a sort of failed attempt at a republic, not even a proper city sta-"

"NOT THE POINT, YOU RENT THEM ASUNDER!" At this, the mage began to flail about, beside themselves with frustration. Ah, it is the little things in life that give it meaning. Fire wreathes their feet as I remind them of their place - the child needs their rest, after all. They jolt, runes flaring to life in front of them to redirect the flame - that wasn't directed at them in the first place - before looking up at me with abject horror. "Are you trying to KILL ME?"

"You'd know were that the goal, I assure you. Wake her, and perhaps you'll come to know first hand the difference."

Despite a playful tone, my threat is acknowledged and they come to settle in the tepid frustration I've come to enjoy from their kind. "Why did you steal their princess?" They finally ask. "You detest mortals."

"I detest those that would trespass - I've no qualms with mortalkind as a whole; they are simply prone to trespassing. That aside, she was not an acquisition but a gift."

"Why would the lord and lady of-" they begin before I interject.

"Not their gift to give."

This gives the mage pause. They settle into pensive pensive silence for a time before nodding. This is why I entertain their kind - That and the wards they put up to keep most humans at bay. Their idea of saving the world from the tyranny that is me - melodrama, but it does come with the delightful benefit of remaining undisturbed for decades at a time. "They sent her to with an armed guard for safekeeping..." Clever mage. "...out of desperation." Unnecessary, but reasonable.

"Their bloodline is valuable, both as a political pawn and for the inherent properties of their blood. The Knight in question knew this and knew the tales of my kind and our predisposition for treasures..."

"They had no idea you have no interest or need in such things..." Dragons are well known to seek treasures, but what few realize is that the whole *eye of the beholder* business applies to us as well. Each has their own treasure they seek. 

"...as they belie that which I covet."

"...but you're keeping her?" Such doubt! 

"Oh weaver of wills, surely you know well the whims of providence are not to be neglected. A Knight on a noble quest saw fit to seek out a being as renowned and vilified as myself-"

"-for good reason-" ... were there not a fragile mortal within arms reach, I might not let that one stand. As things stand however....

"...regardless, sought out a being such as myself and tasked me with her care. Surely this is not coincidence."

Much though it pains them to admit it, their expression alone conveys their quick realization. "That's why I'm here, isn't it?"

"Some hapless adventurer could strike out to rescue this fabled, if mislabeled, damsel in distress. Were they to do so, clearly it would only provoke my ire, and we can't have that, now can we?"

I smile, the toothy grin of a predator down at their prize, to drive the point home. As if such a gesture was needed. Without another word, the mage jumps to their feet. "The wards will be reinforced within the fortnight." I give a slow nod as they depart. My entertainment for the year over and done with, I return my attention to the child. Such a fragile thing. What potential do you carry, little one? It's been ages since I've had heroes to call my own...