They stared at the screens, some entranced, some bitter. Most were both. The figures on the screen scurried along unaware of passersby or that they were being viewed.

Throughout the room, screens highlighted different live streams occurring within the planet. Some watched the group skirmishes while others were occupied by the mating, single fights, or mobs attacking an individual. In the seventh corner (fourth to the left of the door) was one -intentionally- ignored TV. It portrayed a metaphorical battle in a brown field. The best weapon, a wide, flat club, was only used to beat a smaller, round weapon, which would then be pursued by shouting bipeds. There was no blood.

To the bartender, the room was lit not just by screens, but by names and numbers of the viewers. The bartender had requested to be able to view this data for its own personal analysis, in addition to the investigations by the owners; AI are some of the better bargainers in the universe.

"Another snock, heavier." A customer walked up and demanded.

*Rankon. 1.* "Certainly."

"Any of that liquefied diamond?" Another asked.

The bartender turned. *Pescreipia. 1.* "No. We are out."

"Are you out or just not enough for a full dose?"

There was a pause. "The current amount in stock is insufficient for a neurochemical reaction in your species."

The pescreipia scowled, "give it here or I'll fuck your motherboard."

The Bartender, unreactive to the threat, proceeded to supply its customer.

A fist slammed into the wall, "Do you see that? This is pathetic. You know I heard they got *rules* for their battles? That's why they're fucking like this." *Jun. 1.*

"Oh hush you miserable brute. Maybe it's the only way they have fun with these things." *Tyigloat. 1.*

"No no, I've been watching them for years. That's not their pleasure expression. Almost none of them have it when they do this. The one's that do usually aren't in the larger skirmishes- they're solitary and do their butchering in private. They get in trouble if they're caught, I believe. Strange creatures." *Biszten. 1.*

"Well why can't we change a channel to one of those sound-o-mind individuals instead of this one?" The voice sounded disgusted, gesturing to a screen where one creature rapidly approached another. "Just look at what's on right now. That larger one is making the smaller one.... what do they call it in water-based lifeforms? Sweating? But through the eyes! So much more effort but for no higher mortality rate! And it won't even finish it off, just fighting it and making it sweat. What a waste of time." *Kanaphaklat. 1.*

One of them shrugged, "I think it's cute they don't always destroy each other. It keeps the conflict going. They'll be able to fight for millennia -until the stars die- with the rate they do this." *Rih. 1.*

"No no no you flabby-brained fuck, they're trying to *stop*. They consider all these mistakes. I downloaded a whole library's worth of facts on their anthropology. They *want* to be.... the word doesn't translate. It's like how we sleep now, but different. But that's the closest the word gets to." There was a curt but uncomfortable silence in the crowd at the reminder of their universal experiences by the Glickei (1). The bartender was well familiar with these discussions and knew the word referenced. While it too did not fully comprehend the meaning, its pronunciation was similar to an unpopular drink known as piiskefel.

"That's..." The Rih was torn by a conflict of disgust and awe, and finally settled on a compromise, "so *cute*. Like when one of the baby asteroid worms tries to enter a fuel tank when its shell and teeth are too soft! How adorable!" A few others smiled in agreement, and the atmosphere shifted.

"I mean, I suppose it is a little silly once you consider everything." The mejihora (1) admitted sheepishly. They began to view the skirmish with forced jolly, each shouting to the soft bipeds about advice they had used back where they were born.

"You can tell that one's sick! But they don't kill it or take its bacteria and spread it to the neighbors!" Laughed the tuplirm (1).

"So many opportunities for wide-spread bombs." Murmured the yvaw (1). "Someone told me they've made them too, just won't use them."

"We could teach them so much." The jun said dreamily. "Us, in all our variety and techniques, it'd be so nice if the counsel would scrap the entertainment business and let us just have a go... we could mine the core afterwards, too."

"Oh, fuck off!" Came a sudden, bitter cry from the seventh corner.

The bartender swiveled its head at the same time as the customers, eying a new species identified as *Entrihilm. 23.* Assuming the database to be out of date by a few days, the bartender briefly connected to the universal storage (which took up the physical space of a large galaxy), and searched for a refresh on Entrihilm data.

Within the second, the label changed. *Entrihilm. 1.*

Still, the bar was quiet with curiosity at the outburst.

Too lost in rage to pull itself together, the entrihilm continued to spit and curse at the screen. In the metaphorical battle, one of the creatures had been attacked with the rounded weapon, and was sweating with its eyes. The others proceeded to crowd around the creature, touching it without drawing blood or harm. There was a swollen, blue mark on the outside of one of the limbs. The attacker bent down and briefly pressed its mouth to it. No biting. No killing. Just touching. The attacker took the end of its upper limb and rubbed it on the back of the sweating creature. No knife in palm. The mouth moved without malice as it made articulations which the injured jerked its head to. This scene continued until the injured stood up. The two moved close to each other and tangled up their limbs. There were no explosives attached or exchanged. No violence whatsoever.

After a minute, the attacker went away, and threw the rounded weapon again. It was struck by the injured's club, who proceeded to sprint straight. The others seemed pleased about this, but there was no celebratory murder with it. A new creature picked up the club. No one had died.

The entrihilm hissed and spat at the screen. "You could be great! Any one of you! You could join our ranks! We have entire planets to our names, at our disposal! We are the most magnificent bloodletters in history! And you could be in our ranks! But you fail! You deny yourself! You sleep like you have nothing to be afraid of in the room next to you! You put shame in living! You are so many, so disgustingly weak and many!" The bartender's eyes flicked to the screen, where each creature was paired with the same label: *Human. 8,007,093,018.* It was unusual, if not exceptional, to see such a large number after a species' name.

The entrihilm hurled a table into the screen. As soon as it broke, the bartender pinned it against the wall with four arms, with a fifth one pressed against one of the many divots in its neck.

"In my palm there is a capsule which will kill you if inserted into your muscular system. Do not enter this establishment if you will destroy property. Recent data has informed me that you are the last one left. You are only a conquering child among long-standing giants. Do not embarrass yourself, and do not leave me with a body to discard." The voice was cold, almost condescending.

The biotic life-form, suddenly calm and alert, flared its nostrils in understanding. Once released, it remained upright, scanning the others for any sign of attack. These were, however, the very best their species had produced, and none would have given a sign even if it were their intentions. The entrihilm slid out.

Usually, nights didn't end on such a sour note. Usually, the humans were marveled at before each species gradually removed itself for sleep. But now, they were left heavy with their solitude and pride. Each straightened out, staring silently at the brawling creatures before them, each pointedly avoiding their bitterness at how none of these creatures seemed truly, utterly, alone.