“That doesn’t make any sense, Jack.”

“I know what I saw, Kate. More importantly, I know what I did,” Jack said.

“But people are complex. Did you also download the way this specific plumber wipes his ass?”

 “I’m not sayin I get it, I’m just sayin what was what,” Jack said.

Kate sighed, “So this ‘notification’ popped up on your screen?”

“That’s what I said, ain’t it?”

“...And now it’s gone?”

Jack pulled his hat off, huffed dramatically, and raked a smudged hand through sweaty hair. “I know what it sounds like, but I swear it’s the truth.”

“Alright then, let’s play this out,” Kate said, “It’s dark, your eyes are struggling to adjust, and you run over some guy standing in the middle of the road.” 

Jack nodded, “And the moment I did I got this feeling like sand was pouring in through my ears. Only it wasn’t sand. It was like...I don’t know what to call it. You ever dream about doing something and then the next day when it really happens, it feels like you’ve got practice?”

“Deja Vu,” Kate said.

“Yeah! Like deja vu, except all the sudden I felt like I had knowledge about turning pipes and flushing toilets,” Jack sucked in a breath, “Of course I stop my car and get out to check if this guy’s okay...He ain’t...So I reach into his pocket to see if he’s got an id on him.”

Jack dug around in his pocket, eventually pulling out a card and flicking it at Kate.

“Jack O’Dougle,” she read, “O’Prairie Plumbing.” After another moment spent staring at it, she reached into her pocket and took out a lighter. 

“What are you doing,” Jack said, unconsciously reaching for the card. 

Kate pulled away, lighting the card at the corner. “You’re an idiot Jack,” she said, “now continue.”

Jack grimaced, “I get back in my car and I’m about to call you when I see this notification. Like one of those Amber Alert pop ups. It says...”

Kate rolled her eyes, “You already told me what it said. What did you do next, obviously you didn’t come straight here.”

 “Well, I got to thinkin. I can’t just leave the body there, I’ve got to hide it.”

Kate’s eyes opened wide and her nostrils flared. “So help me GOD Jack Harris, if there’s a dead plumber in my driveway.”

Jack laughed, “There ain’t. Just listen.” 

Kate settled back, composing herself. 

“I remembered I had a friend back when we were kids, Jackson George Jr. Remember him from Clairemont? He’s a detective now, so I figured if anybody would know what to do it’d be the guy that deals with this type of stuff all the time,” Jack said.

Kate’s face went white, “You didn’t,” she said.

“You don’t know what I did or didn’t because you keep interrupting,” Jack said angrily. 

Kate waved her hand for him to continue, her eyes saying he walked on thin ice. 

Jack gulped, then continued carefully, “So I remembered he used to live a few blocks down, so I put the plumber in the trunk and I drove over. Turns out he moved away a while back, but his folks are still there. Lucky for me, Jack George Sr was a cop for half a century or somethin. So I clonked him upside the head, and BOOM, suddenly I’m Sherlock Homes.”

Kate let out a sigh of relief, “Oh thank god,” she said, “I thought you went to the feds on me.” She laughed and added, “And it’s ‘Holmes’, you big nub.”


“Whatever...With that cop junk in my head I knew how to make sure no one could trace the kills back to me,” Jack said.

Kate looked at her watch, frowning, “And then you came right here?”

Jack grinned, “Not exactly. Remember when we went over Jack and Eileen Frances’ house for New Years, and Eileen said the best part about marrying a Yoga Instructor was the... “
