For a moment, all i could see was a dark haze. There had been pain. A lot of it. And people. Voices of anger while the world was still bright, then voices of fear and excitement, and someone saying that they should call 911 as the haze consumed me. The pain was gone...it almost felt like floating. What was 911 for again? Why had the pain suddenly stopped. It felt almost like an eternity until the haze started breaking...but something was strange. The world...it looked similar to where I had just been, but all the color had been drained. No reds, greens...the streets were bright though. Not with streetlights like I was used to, but they appeared to be glowing. At first, I saw shadows. Thought there were glimmers of voices.

So I sat up. I flexed my arms and legs...everything appeared to be working okay...but something felt off. My body went through the motions...but there was no feeling to them. I did what I thought was the motions for blinking, but the grayscale of the world hadn't gone away, and the shadows I'd seen and the whispers...were gone into silence.

Normally, such a change would frighten me, but after what I had just gone through, the lack of feeling felt better. So....I took a chance and looked around. At first, i didn't see much of anything. Still glowing streets but the houses seemed warped. Then, i saw something. It...almost looked like a someone.

"Hello?" I called? My voice even sounded strange. Everything seemed to echo. The figure didn't flinch, but i heard what sounded like laughter, soft. I wanted to be offended but....something held me back.

"Don't worry, this is all normal. You'll start to perceive more as you become more aware...but I think you know what happened." The voice coming from the shadow still seemed to echo strangely, like I was in a gymnasium and it had shouted something with no one else around. I wanted to feel fear, but my emotions seemed out of place. 

"I know what happened?" I tilted my head, then giggled a little because my first thought was of my puppy in childhood when he tilted his head in excitement or curiousity.

At first, there was no response. So I stood up and dusted myself off. "Is this...death?" I had never particularly feared death, though I definitely hadn't thought it would come so soon. But the pain was gone, so really, what did I have to lose? Maybe I was just losing consciousness and this was some strange dream. Maybe I was just bouncing around in an ambulance and the silence was my reaction to too much incoming sound.

I had taken my eyes off the shadow for a moment while i had stood up, but a gleam took my vision away from my body. My clothes were all there again at least. I didn't see any of the tears...but the gleam still took me away from trying to understand so I looked back at the shadow. I hadn't heard footsteps but it had gotten much closer. I took it in as it seemed to be clearing up. I could almost see a face, though the body still appeared to be a bit like a dark blob...but after a moment I noticed what the gleam was. 

A scythe. In my mind I had a deep vivid thought of my breath catching and me stepping away in shock...but my body...or whatever I was being contained in at the moment, had no actual reaction.

The shadow had cleared some, I could see a face, the shape of lips, the outline of eyes. The lips moved as she spoke again. "I wish I could take it easy with you, let you feel all those things your body wants to, but unfortunately you are not the only I have had to protect tonight. Do you feel strange?"

I nodded. "Yeah. I feel like I should be having reactions, and there are images in my head of me having them....but i can't seem to shake the deep feeling of calm. They're just...images of things I feel like I should be doing. Is this normal?" I saw no reason to lie. The sense of peace in my body was overwhelming....though was there some shivering in my limbs?

"Not normal for most spirits. Not for the ones I don't make it to in time. But, when I do make it, yes. I am helping you to stay calm. At the moment I am slowing the time around us to let your perceptions catch up, but I can only hold it for so long. I am who you think I am. I appear in whatever form you feel the least threatened by, it helps with the ability. But my scythe ties me to you; to each soul I am able to reach and tether myself too in time. Too many have been lost of late. And....what you went through, this place would be a personal hell of your own imagining if not for me. I am sorry I cannot protect those like you in life...but no one deserves the move into this...realm without help. When I can't be there the moment you pass on, i cannot grasp the soul for they get lost in what they were going through, and often they stay there, linked forever to this realm without really being here. I have tried many a time to save the lost souls, but with little success. I'm glad I was able to reach you."

Something felt like it clicked in my head. There were no conscious words...no feelings just yet. What I would normally think was denial crept into my thoughts. That sounded silly. What had I just gone through? Why did I need help? Realms? It all sounded strange. The face had cleared into one whom looked almost like any teenage girl I'd gone to school with...but I saw it flinch, and the scythe had a flicker of red pass it...though I looked around and saw no light by which it could have reflected.

"PLease, try not to think about it. If you think about it, even with my scythe, I may not be able to hold you. I know this is all a lot to take in, but if you want to be able to move beyond this and perhaps get a chance again...I must request you humbly trust me."

Trust? I had just met her....some thoughts echoed on the edge of my mind, and for a moment the shadows started flickering. The shadows...looked somewhat like people. A vision of a torn up body barely clothed anymore appeared in my head, with the shadows standing around it...and for a moment there were sirens in the background. Voices...I thought i heard a couple clear words....but then they faded out. 

I looked back to the shadow and she was visibly shaking, her hands tightly grasping her scythe and her lips forming...words? I couldn't really hear the sounds anymore...the world turned to a chant, the scythe flashing red for longer than before. My mind came back into the grayscale world I had just woken up in, with nothing around me but her. The red didn't leave the scythe this time...it looked almost like a pulse, and shadows that didn't work with the lighting I saw were flickering around the edge of the metal.

"Please, I know you want to remember, but if you keep trying now it may be too late. Will you follow me now? I can get you safely if you can trust me. But I cannot slow time much longer. If your mind catches up, I might lose you. I don't want to lose another tonight."

The plea struck a chord somewhere in my chest, or wherever it was that the emotions I was used to feeling built up. I wanted to follow her. I understood what she was saying, but the more time it took me to step towards her, the more my understanding attempted to stretch back into the world I had known my whole life and confirm the feelings I had about what she was trying to save me from.

So....I took a step