As I open my eyes I am immediately grabbed by two strong men. I am far too drained to resist and so I let them swiftly drag me to whatever destination they please. This destination appears to be a chair, and in front of the chair, a monitor. The men place my arms in chains in the chair and strap my head to the headrest. A small rectangle appears on the screen and one of the men types in '39205-37'. This number is familiar to me, it is my designation... my name. As the men walk away, images and videos begin playing on the monitor. I hear many voices and sounds at once, images fill my eyes. I see dancers, I hear beautiful music, I feel intense emotions from viewing this. I am not scared, I feel almost at peace. That is, until I realize I'm not alone. Out of the corner of my eye I can see another man tied in a chair next to me. He too is watching a monitor, which is flashing images at a faster pace then mine. A small bar is above his monitor and it begins flashing green. A loud bell rings and the two men appear behind my fellow prisoner. One whispers a word and the man in the chair becomes obedient. They release him from his chair and then he stands up, faces the two grim-looking captors and begins channeling a green light into them. After a moment, my fellow prisoner falls to the ground and the two men stand over him smiling. They effortlessly pick him up and take him away. I look back to my screen, the speed the images are presented is increasing. Rapidly, I see a flying creature in the air, and lush forest, a spinning wheel. No sense can be made out of these images, but I'm soaking them all in. I glance up at the bar above my monitor and it appears to be half full. I hear a door open behind me, a moment later I can see the two men strapping a woman into the vacant seat beside me. One types something into the monitor in front of her and images begin displaying for her. I hear a chuckle as one of the men walks over to me. He taps on the now full bar above my monitor and says some words in a language I do not understand. After a moment, the man says a word that I do understand, "Obediar." My own will is suppressed, I know what I must do. As soon as I am unchained from my seat, I stand and project all my energy into the two men before me. I can feel the images and sounds that I heard just moments ago slip away from me. My knees begin to feel weak and as the last image leaves my mind, I black out. For an eon and for just a moment, I feel as if I am in a void, an endless blackness before me. I feel myself coming back to reality and as I open my eyes I am immediately grabbed by two strong men.