Like every child I was born with the two tatoos, but unlike most, both were the same: "Mary". Having twice the same name wasn't rare, it could be two different person (especially if the name was as common as this one) or the same, who knew ? Being a careless child then a careless teenager, I tried to meet as much Mary as I could to find my love or maybe my end, but each time I knew it wasn't the right one. So after my 16th birthday, I stopped picking my lovers and ennemies by their names.

When I was almost 19, I went to a party a friend of mine held in my neighborhood. That's when I knew the inks could be wrong. Her name was Rose and by the end of the night I knew I was in love, that she was the one. This night, we let our passions drive us into a silent and fantastic time that seemed to last days but were really only two wild hours on the bed of our guest's mother. In the morning, we woke up, close to each other and I saw her tatoos. My name was on her and the second tatoo was also "Mary". A shiver went through my spine, maybe she wouldn't be the one but our fates were definitely linked.

Years went by, we were still madly in love and we got engaged despite the fact that no marriage between two non-linked people ever worked. But we never had the opportunity to go further. She died, crashing her car in a tree during a tempest in the south. Her father organized small funerals, we were only a dozen or so: me, my parents, her parents, few relatives and friends. Everyone but me did a speech to tell how great she's been to us. I was into such a great pain, I could barely speak and was also forgetting almost instantly everything I was hearing. Everything except her mother's speech. It wasn't the part about her childhood or the day she went home after she met me and the state of happiness
she was in that peaked my interest. It was the day she was born and how they chose her name that was interesting. She should have been named Mary but her tatoos made her mother change her mind at the very last second, why would you call your daughter after her lover or her murderer ?

All along, I was in love with Mary and she was in love with me. We were meant to be together since our birth, we found ourselves instantly and we stayed together until death did us part. And now that I'm about to pull the trigger, I understand who I had to love and who killed me.