"WHY!?" I paced back and forth, back and forth back and forth, in frustration. Was I sloppy? Did I make some sort of mistake?   "DAMMIT! WHY!?"  I punched a tree in limp frustration.  Lately there's been a string of attacks, one after another, and always in the same way: spectacle attacks with no perpetrator found.  First a fire at an abandoned building,  then walls suddenly appeared all over streets downtown blocking traffic, an explosion at an abandoned factory, every time I get there there's no one in sight.  It's unusual...

"d..dammit..."  I mumbled as I sat down on the ground.  This isn't how it's supposed to be.  The monster is supposed to attack, I'm supposed to arrive and destroy it, that's how this works! But that's not how it's been working lately. And there's something else that's making me frustrated: every attack has been nearby, all in a condensed area of this town.  Did I get sloppy?  Has someone found out my identity and is doing spectacle attacks in my home town to announce it? "DAMMIT!"  I punched the ground and slumped forward.  But life wasn't gonna give me enough time to mope, it never does when you do what I do.

Beep beep beep, my wrist watch buzzed and beeped and I quickly ran behind a tree for some...privacy.

"Gold mask, there's an attack! Out in the desert past north city, quick!" 

'YES!" I couldn't handle my excitement, this is how it's supposed to be. An attack out in the desert away from all society, a monster awaits the hero to fight. I'll win this and forget all about this crap.


"g-gold mask? A-are you okay?" Dammit, I let my excitement out.


"Yes, I'll be there immediately." I said in a drier tone, monotone and commanding, like a hero.


"y-yes sir! Good luck!" Hmmph. I dont need luck. I pumped my fist into the air and my watch glew gold, I quickly transformed and flew to the location to survey it. Yes, perfect. A giant crab with a tiara was standing in the middle of the desert, pacing back and forth snipping its claws, the perfect enemy to take my mind off of all of this.

"HALT, SCUM!"  T-t..that could have been better, I'm usually more clever than this. B-but it's fine, it gets the message across.


"s-s-s-ss-ss-scum!?" A tearful feminine voice escaped the giant crabs mouth as it turned away and looked down.  I wasnt expecting that.


"That's right, bottom feeder, your time has come!" That was a little better.


"I-I called you out here for a reason..." The giant crab let out a whimper as it nervously turned back around.


"A reason?" I put on a confident mocking tone, "Let me guess, you want to turn the cities into oceans, turn the entire human world into your playground. I wont allow it, monster!" Yes, this is how things should be.


"I-I love you." SHIT.


"A c-clever trick, fiend, but your rampage ends here!"  That sounds better if you don't think about it, technically she hasn't done anything except sit in a desert.

"I-It's not a trick!" She whimpered and stared at the ground. "I-it was me... I set the fire to the abandoned building." I clenched my fists, "I  created the traffic block, I CREATED THE EXPLOSION!" She raised her voice weakly, her voice trembling to get it out.

"Hmmph, so you aren't any ordinary monster, you're calculating. This is why I must end you." I reached for my weapon, a wrist moutned cannon that I pull over my hand to aim and aimed it at her.


"I wanted your attention...so I kept doing attacks in your home town." I was stunned, it was everything I was afraid of, every frustration and insecurity, it was all true.  "I set up cameras nearby whenever I'd attack so I could see you in action, I longed to see you again and again..." D-dammit.  

"But I can't keep living this way. I know it's you, Jacob!" She sobbed and fell the ground, holding her claws up to her teary eyes. "I've been chasing after you for so long.  It's me, Melissa."  I let her say her piece.  "We worked together on the super human project years ago, back in college, you left one day and the project head closed the project since you were the lead...when I saw a super human in a gold mask fighting crime, I knew it had to be you." She whimpered and cried, barely able to keep her voice from trembling as she spoke about her past.  "I rushed to copy the research, but ended up like this.  I know I'm a monster now...but I had to see you." My heart was breaking, I couldn't stand to see someone like this, anyone like this, destroyed and tormented by their past into becoming this way.  

"Y-you know how this has to end."  I began charging my weapon and I could tell that she could see that.

"Yes." Her voice stopped trembling and she stood up and faced me as my weapon finished charging. "Jacob...I love you." It was finished charging.


"I love you too." I fired. It was over in an instant, a crater was all that remained where the tragic creature once stood.  It was lucky I was wearing this mask, because inside my heart was on my sleeve. Tears ran down my cheek as I turned and walked away.  My name is Samuel, I have no idea who that woman was.