"Another one of your projects I take it?" He looked over from the other side of the table in response to the shot I had just missed. 
  
"Yeah, shows doesn't it?"  

"Yup." Steve said dryly, letting the conversation hang in the air while he chose where to put the cue. After a few moments of concentrating, he looked up. "So, what's the kids problem?"

"Well, it's not like that this time. I mean, it's about work, but it's normal kids stuff."  

"So what's *your* problem?" Steve said, finally taking his shot. He sunk the ball into the side pocket and took his position for the next shot.  

"Ok, so..." I took a breath, "What are the odds that the last 6 kids I've run into all share the same behavior problems, and even share specific details?"  

"Well, you're being pretty vague." His arm swung; the cue ball cracked against the solid he was aiming for, but it bounced away from the corner pocket. "Shit, you're up."  

"The first kid was about 2 months ago. He doesn't have a specific diagnosis but his parents had an issue with his imaginary friend." I stepped up to the table. Steve knew I wasn't in the game, and by getting me to open up he could finish me off on his next turn. "He's an only kid, no real issues, he just has a really vivid imagination. But he knows it's pretend. He just made up another kid to play games with."  I took aim and missed the shot like I knew I would. My mind was already on the ride home.  

"Scratch." Steve grabbed the chalk and dusted his cue stick. He only had one ball on the table and then the 8 ball.   

"So, second kid comes in, same thing. Only child, no mental health history, no behavior problems, but the parents are freaked out about how seriously this kid is taking his imaginary friendship. So I talk to the kid, same thing. He knows his friend isn't real, isn't blaming bad behavior on him, no big deal, right?"

Steve looks up from his shot. "Right?" Crack, the 5 ball shoots across the table and sinks. "8 ball, side pocket."  

We were a minute away from paying for our drinks and leaving, so I started to rush through the story. "So, next kid comes in and same thing, only kid, behaving himself, no bad behavior, just incredibly focused on his friend. Now I'm starting to ask about details."  

"What are you saying, all these kids got their imaginary friend from the same place?" Steve's face was unimpressed. The 8 ball hit the corner and dropped. "That's game, you get the bill."

"Yeah." I grabbed my jacket from the back of the chair. "So that's what I'm looking for right now. I'm assuming there's some new trend where the kids are getting this idea from but so far I haven't run into it." 
 
"That's not a very exciting story, I have to say."  Steve grabbed his own coat as I walked up to the server to pay for our drinks.  

"Well, I didn't exactly say it was exciting now did I? It's just kind of bugging me." We walked out the front door, hitting the cold night air and we both began walking to Steves car. 

"Yeah, gotta say that's pretty easily explained. Probably just some show on TV and the kids are copying it." Steve opened my side and we both got into the car and drove off. Steve had a thoughtful look on his face, and after a few minutes on the road he turned to me, "So, what's his name?"  

"Who?"

"The imaginary friend. In case I try to look up the show."

"Actually, I don't know. I never thought to ask." I said quickly.  

"That's a funny thing to lie about, ya know?" Steve said, as he locked my door from his side. "That's not what Darren said."