The gears click into place in my mind as I realise the gravity of the situation. This mortal child. A meager age of 5 human years is the summoner... How could this be possible? I've never encountered such a strong spirit in all of my time of service to the master. But to think that this pup of a human could be a vessel for such strength is beyond belief. If I do not attain proof the master will not believe me, and my punishment will be beyond comprehension.

The clarity of it all slides into focus. This girl is desperate. Exquisite fear emanates from her very core and all because of this intoxicated, feeble, elderly man raising his voice in fury as he storms down the stairs threatening the little girl. How could this pathetic old soul instill such fear into anyone? Let alone one with such raw innate power?

The man reaches the child and strikes her with the back of her hand. The screams are delicious as they wash over me. I raise my hands and place sigils of agony above and below the humans, I should have acted sooner to ensure none of the suffering had gone to waste. Clearly the excitement is getting to me, how could I forget my job?

I must capture all that transpires here. The master will be pleased with the pain and suffering I deliver him from such a rare, unique, young soul.

The man continues to rage on the girl, an old storm of pathetic nonsense about the 'lord above'. The lies these humans fill themselves with to carry on with their meaningless existence has never amused me. Most of my kin find the entire story of the humans 'all loving, lord of light' to be nothing more than a joke, and a good one at that. But the similarities between the interactions and worshiping of their lord and my master have always troubled me. Similarities that can not be simple coincidence. Of course this is something I have never discussed with any of my demon brothers.

If they discovered I feared the story of the humans lord of light and his 'holy wrath' more than the suffering whip of my master, I would be destroyed. But to me this fear is logical. This lord of light they speak of seems a natural opposite of my master, an entity of equal power destined to tip the scales of the universe toward balance.

The old fools wrath is washing over the child in full. Her screams of pain and cries for mercy are absorbed by the sigils, collecting the power of suffering for my maser to consume.

She grows weak, her courage and defiance fading to darkness. A candle flickering in the void. My excitement spikes as my senses heighten as she lay motionless. Her essence teetering on the edge of expiry. If I can collect her soul as it expires my master will be pleased and I will have my proof!

In the brief silence before the final strike is dealt by the old man, the girl draws breath and rasps one final plea.

"I.. will give you. Anything...xvaris..."

A thousand and one questions race through my mind as every emotion from fear to wondrous joy flow through me. How!? How does this child know my name!! That I am here in this room, hidden between the veil of the plane of souls and existence?

I must act. I must have answers. There is only one who knows my name for it is written on the contract bound to my own soul!

The mans face turns to terror as I reach through the ether and clasp my grip on his heart, squeezing the last drops of life into my palm. I utter one truth. A promise of the contract I will bind this mortal child to for eternity...

"Yes. You will".