\*\*Please excuse any grammar mistakes. I wrote this at work and didn't get a chance to read through it before my break was over.\*\*

"I fucking hate it." His eyes glinted in the firelight.

"Yeah, but at least it's a choice? Everyone gets to make it. It's not like you're forced into it."

"Bull. Shit. The supposed love of your life, the one who is supposed to grow old with you, take care of you, love you when you're wrinkled and disgusting, tells you they want to perform the trial because they'd rather have immortal life and you're just supposed to say no? Your one true love would rather *kill you* than live a long and happy life *with you*. Once it's said, that's not a choice anymore Cal. It's just not."

He had a point. She understood that. But she still had to ask. The idea had wriggled in the back of her mind since she'd met him: everlasting life. She loved him, really, but getting to see history happen. Getting to shape it. It was just so tempting.

"Would you do the trial? Would you do it for me?"

His eyes moved from the horizon to capture her in a pool of sadness. He'd known this was where their conversation was heading. His heart chipped a little at the implication. She didn't want to grow old with him. He pulled her close, cradled her body to his and sighed.

"Yes. Do you really think you could kill me?"

"I...I think so..."

He pulled away, brow creased, "I could never kill you."

\*\*\*

Callie Masterson slowly opened her eyes to an offending piece of light glinting through her curtained window. She blinked, arched her back in a stretch to end all stretches, and sat up. She'd had the same dream every single night for the past week and a half. Somehow, after all this time, her soulmate still haunted her. She hadn't deserved Sam. Nobody deserved Sam. Callie shook her head, pulling her hand through her hair to test it's dirt/tangle level. Her fingers only got stuck once. Not too bad.

She trundled her way into the bathroom, yawning the entire way. The shower was quick, steamy, just how she liked it. As she was stepping out her doorbell went off. She waved her hand over the screen of her phone to check the time. 6:40am. Who in their right mind would be stopping by this early? She debated rushing through putting clothes over her sopping wet frame and decided against it. A robe would do. Living as long as she did came with some unforeseen perks; comfort with one's form being one of them. Or maybe it was not giving a damn about how others perceived her. One of the two.

As she was stepping down her carpeted stairs the doorbell rang again. Persistent blighter. She grabbed the door handle, twisted the lock at the top, and swung it open, a frown ready for whoever was disturbing her morning ritual. The frown fell from her face. It couldn't be...

"Uhm...h..hi?"

His voice jolted her back into the present. She studied the man in front of her, the curve of his lips, the offending piece of hair falling into his dark brown eyes.

"Are you, shit, your name is Callie right?"

"Yes," she whispered. She felt tears pool in her eyes. It just...it couldn't be.

"I think...I think I used to know you." His smile was sweet. How was this happening?

"Yes," the tears bubbled over, streamed down her face. He grabbed her then. Pulled her into his chest. She'd missed this feeling, of being surrounded. Safe. She started to hiccup.

"Oh, Cal, I know. I know you didn't mean to." Hadn't she? She'd been the one driving that night. She'd been the one who lost control. 

She pulled away, looking up into the eyes that had haunted her all these years, "How are you here Sam?"

"My name's actually Sean now." He laughed. He sounded exactly the same. "But could I come in before we get into those weird details? You're a little...under dressed and I'm feeling a teensy bit protective."

Callie stood back and blushed. "Yeah, no problem, come on in." He stepped inside. This was weird. This was so *incredibly weird*. He'd died over 50 years ago, how in the hell was he standing so nonchalantly in her foyer?!

"This way." She led him into her sitting room and plopped down on the sofa. "Right here." She patted the seat next to her. He was making her feel things she hadn't in years. Embarrassment. Self consciousness. Attraction. She wouldn't let him stray far. Not right now. He took the proffered cushion, leaving a bit of space in between them. Too far. She moved closer, until her leg touched his and he was only one stretch of her arm away. He combed his hand through his hair and swallowed hard. 

"I guess I'll start with who I am, right now. My name is Sean. I am 20 years old and attempting to get a bachelor's degree in Engineering. I didn't remember you until a couple of weeks ago, when I saw you across campus. Your name is Callie Masterson. You were born June 18th, 1999. Your favorite flower is a sunflower. Your favorite food is a blueberry. You are my soulmate." His smile was sad. "You killed me on October 15th, 2019. We'd just had a fight about the trial. I was angry because you said you'd kill me and I knew I could never do that to you. We were driving home. You were looking at me, crying, apologizing as I sat there not saying a word. You didn't notice you'd drifted. You didn't notice the tree. I died." Callie's hands reached towards Sam...Sean...her other half. She pulled him to her. Kissed him. Felt his arms encircle her waist and flatten her even farther against him. The kiss deepened. Her hands ran up into his hair, cupped the back of his head. He moaned into her, slid his hands from robe to skin and reveled in the feel of her, still slightly damp from her morning shower. They broke apart. Both were flushed, ready for more.

"Grow old with me?" She asked, eyes intent on his.

"We'll see...," his smile didn't reach his eyes. To hide this he pulled her in for another kiss. She didn't need to know his earlier life's qualms wouldn't stop him now. She didn't need to know how different from Sam Sean really was...