I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply as my senses flooded with the rich scent of pure, black coffee. Slowly, savoring the moment, I raised the cup to my mouth, and as I took my first sip of coffee in over two months, a strong gust of wind blew the cup out of my hand.

I looked right, seeing exactly what I expected. An Immortal. Those assholes could never go anywhere without making some flashy appearance, without announcing their presence. Teleporting everywhere all willy-nilly, not caring about the consequences of their actions, and now, I had lost my only coffee in months, and I was pissed! 

The Immortal swept through the café, nose high, with an otherworldly grace, seemingly no care in the world. I guess that’s easy when nothing you do affects you negatively and the masses bend over backwards to please your every whim. It strode to the counter and made an order that I couldn’t hear over the “ooh”s and “ahh”s of the crowd. The barista rushed to get Its coffee done as soon as possible. It grabbed the coffee and glided away.

With every move It made, my anger grew. With every stride, my fury swoll. And yet, I knew I couldn’t do anything. Everything I could possibly do to him, he could easily shrug off and return tenfold. An Immortal’s power was vast, and no mortal could stand up to one, no matter how skilled. I, a modest construction worker who could barely afford a coffee, stood no chance.

My eyes continued to follow the Immortal gliding through the café, before suddenly he stopped at my table and sat himself down.

“What do you want?” I asked, teeth gritted. 

“Listen mate, for what it’s worth, I’m sorry about your coffee,” It said with a smirk, placing Its coffee in front of me.

My eyes flickered to the coffee, then back to It.

“I said, what do you want.”

He grinned and uttered the sentence that changed my life.

“You’re an Immortal, Glaucus.” 

I just raised an eyebrow. I’d had enough of this bullshit. Glancing at my watch, I stood up. I’m was already running a bit late, I’d have to hurry. I stalled out of the little shop, hoping It wouldn’t follow. It did.

“I don’t know what the hell’s wrong in your head, but I am not an Immortal,” I told It.

It stepped around me, blocking my path. “This might sting a bit,” he said before he snapped his fingers. My body exploded into a world of pain as my body disintegrated, lasting for what felt like hours before I finally blacked out from the pain.

————————————————————————

I woke up to white. Lots of it. Everything around me glowed with an obnoxious brightness, and I groaned as I slowly sat up. 

The Immortal sat in front of me, lounging regally on a throne of pure black. 

“Sorry about that, but sometimes it’s best to rip the bandaid off,” he said.

“What the hell did you do to me? Where am I? Who the FUCK are you?!?!” I was furious.

“I merely awakened your true spirit. It’s quite a painful process, as it requires burning away your body. It’s best to do it with no warning, less pain that way. As for your other questions, well. My name is Hades, and welcome to Olympus.” He said with a smirk.

“Awww fuck. I’m actually an Immortal,” I grimaced.

“Afraid so,” he replied, his ever-present smirk growing wider. “Go ahead and ask your questions, Glaucus. We’ve got all the time in the world.”

————————————————————————

Contrary to popular belief, Immortals do die. They’re just reincarnated into a different form, and their spirit must be unlocked before they can take their place on Olympus. Hades was reaching the very end of his lifespan when he brought me to Olympus, and he died a couple years after.

The year was 2070, exactly 50 years after Hades had helped me ascend. It was time for me to repay the favor.

I materialized in a small café to awed gasps from the mortals. I walked up to the counter, requested a black coffee, and thought about what to say. Grabbing the coffee and walking towards Hades, I saw a spilled coffee and him staring at me with righteous fury. Tried and true then, I concluded with a smirk.

“What do you want,” he growled as I sat across him.

“Listen mate, for what it’s worth, I’m sorry about your coffee,” I said as I placed my coffee in front of him.