I have always been curious. I have always been that child with morbid curiosity, the one that broke the rules just to find answers to questions no one dared to ask. One day, people would tell me, one day I would pay a heavy price for all the nosing in on businesses that I was supposed to stay away from. One day was yet to come. I had managed to turn my inquiring nature into a career and had been able to stay out of trouble until today. 

I sipped on my glass as I waited for my target. Chills went up my spine everytime I heard the door slide open letting in a customer. It was odd that this was the most frequented spot where he would visit. My intel couldnt be wrong, although I was skeptical about it. I was new to the city, new to the job. I chose this city just because of him. 

I would get the front-page headline, impress my new editor and finally find my answers. I already knew what my front page story was going to be about. My story was going to be on the obscure but most feared supervillain to have ever lived. My fingers clenched around my cup as I looked over my shoulder at the new customer who walked in. 

Just another regular Joe with kids, I wrote him off and waited recounting the info I had acquired from the sketchy druggie in exchange for five dollars. This was the place... Did it occur to me that maybe I might have been ripped off. 
"Unf*cking believable!" This was McDonalds.  Why would the most feared supervillain be doing here on a weekday?!  

So much for being an undercover reporter. I just got scammed by a sketchy druggie. I groaned as I figured I was not going to get work done and decided that I might as well get myself a happy meal. As I walked towards the counter I realised that the line was pretty long. I was about to turn when I noticed the guy on the front who was holding up the line. 

What caught my attention was that I never noticed him walk in. Moreover, the people in queue were unnaturally stiff. My eyes widened in realisation, he froze them. The man walked away with his order and then the people returned to normal. There was much confusion that ensued after they returned to normal. Some retched onto the floor, some fainted and some just ran out the door. 
I hadn't seen the face of the man yet  as he was wearing a huge sweatshirt but I knew this was the man I was looking for. I took my camera and ran towards the general direction of where the man went. I was a few blocks down and  just about to turn the corner when I noticed him walking into an alley. I ran further into the alley and came to a skidding stop as I saw his back turned towards me. 

"My, youe preffy peshstent aren yuh? " he spoke with a muffled voice. 

"What?"  I blinnked. Did he just talk to me? 

He turned towards me with his mouth stuffed with a burger. My eyes widened as I recognized his face. 
"Y... Yu... You that... Druggie " I put my right hand up and pointed at him in disbelief. 

"Pointfing is ruth" he spoke as he struggled to chew on the giant burger. 

"Talking to people with your mouth stuffed is rude!" I replied incredulously. 

"Yeah, I don't care" he said nonchalantly after swallowing the burger and he crumpled the McDonald's bag and threw it away casually. 

"You!  You are that druggie that scammed me!" I pointed my finger at him again. 

"Tsk tsk.. You people never learn" he clicked his tongue  my hand involuntarily jerked behind me and locked itself.

"Ahhhh let me go!" I shouted. 

"Reporters are always pesky and rude." He drawled on lazily. "I suppose you didnt catch me on a good day, but accusing me of being a druggie was overreach" he levitated and sat on air like there was  invisible couch mid air  that he was leaning on. 

I was baffled by his casual display of power and he continued. "Well I suppose I should thank you for that fiver, got myself a happy meal,  and extra nuggets" right on cue chicken nuggets materialised and danced before him. 

"Wha.. wo... " for all my basic training in journalism where I was taught to ask the right questions, I was having a pretty hard time forming words. 

"I get it," he chuckled "quite a transformation eh?  Well two days ago I was just running around in my pajamas and today, tahdah" he gestured his hands towards him "who is this handsome fella right? "

"Did you... Knowingly schedule an interview as a drugie? " I asked unbelieving. 

"Well I was in my pj's and I didnt want to be reported with a terrible fashion sense." He answered as he picked on the nuggets one after the other and ate it. 

You could've just killed me ya know, I thought. Is this really the most feared supervillain? He looks like gone case. 

"Hey that's  rude, again, I am perfectly sane. And yes I could've killed you but you offered me a dollar and I raised the stake. I thought it was a good deal." He shrugged. 

"You can read minds?!" I was surprised and then added " you could've gotten ten-twenty dollars" this was unbelievable. 

"Oh!  Right, why didn't I think about that?" Hmm, he pretended to mock think and then floated towards me. 

"It wasn't the money, it was the questions you had." He smirked and I gulped. I finally got the interview I wanted but it wasn't on my own  terms. I gulped again and licked my lips nervously. 

"Will you answer? "

"Absolutely. "