I stepped through the Thanatos Gate and, for the first time in eons, was surprised by my destination.  I knew what hospitals were.  My brother, the first death, spent much of his time in them.  However, I had never been to the surface of one, usually claiming the memories of the bodies hidden beneath or nearby.  This was something different.  
I followed the pulsating thrum of the latest dying memory.  I could feel it's call through the forest of silvery strands connected to everyone I passed.  It led me to the end of the hall and into a room.  On the bed at the far end was a woman, sitting pleasantly, smiling as she pushed a pea around her cafeteria tray.  
Reaching out, I found the strand I had come to sever.  My confusion only grew.  It was attached to her.  Normally I cut the strand at the source, but something had brought me here, to the bond anchor.  I pulled at the strand, following it a mere few steps only to arrive back at the woman.  Both ends were bound to her.

I looked around.  This woman was alive.  I watched her though and saw the strand pulse and glow in the way they all did when it was their time.  Death makes no assumptions.  Death makes no mistakes.  I held out the strand and readied myself to break it as I always did.

"I'm 52, you know," said the woman.
I paused.  She was speaking to the empty space to the right of her bed.
"I saw Eleanor just last week, and she said, 'Jenny Morris, why don't you act your age?'  I told her, 'I'm 52, you know.  I am acting my age.'"

As she continued babbling along to the empty space beside her I looked at the strand in my hand and pulled gently, letting eternity claim that last memory, but as I held the strand in my claws, I paused, and realised what had just happened.  I placed the source line against my own head and felt it catch, forming a new anchor.

  I looked up at the newest of the handful of strands that reached out from my own head.  "Well, Jenny, I guess I'll never come back for you."

"But of course," she said, "It wouldn't be pineapple upside-down cake if you did.  It has to be pineapple."

If I had eyebrows I probably would have raised one at her nearly cogent reply.  Instead, I opened the gate and moved on to my next appointment.