It was on a typically average Sunday evening, or what I would usually find typically average, that I sat myself down for a late dinner. I guess average is not a luxury that I can enjoy these days. Ready to take the first bite, the front door came slamming down off the hinges onto the foyer. I dropped my fork while rolling my eyes. 

*Not again,* I sighed. I threw my dinner cloth onto the table while standing up out of my chair.

"Move! Move! Move!” Captain Briggans screamed from the back. A team of highly trained men in full gear came storming into the living room. 

I took my position in the middle of their formation while trying to assure them, “Look, I appreciate everything you guys have done but seriously enough is enough.”

"Here they come!” Captain Briggans pointed. “Get ready!”

Several men shot the windows out shattering the glass. 

"Oh for fuck sake I just had those fixed!” I yelled. No one bothered to pay attention to me.

Captain Briggans took point while aiming down his sights. I was getting tired of all of this nonsense. My wife and her book club have crossed the line before but this is just way too far. Ever since I had been writing my series everyone has been up in arms over, ‘What will happen next?’

That is my style though. I like to leave people on a cliff-hanger that way they always want to read more. I never imagined it would cause all of this to happen.

"Make sure to use rubber rounds gentlemen! We only kill those from libraries, never book club members!” Captain Briggans ordered.

*Unbelievable.* I lifted my hands. I just wanted all of this to be over. I just wanted to enjoy my steak dinner for once. The amount of money I sunk into repairing my house every time that damn book club gets together.

Shots began to fire as I just stood there crossing my arms.

"Protect the author!” one of the team members shouted. 

A few women came jumping through the window frames while being shot repeatedly with rubber bullets. 

"There are too many of them!” 

"Keep together!” Captain Briggans signaled. 

I just stood there with my eyes up in the air. *Why do I do this to myself. I love writing but is it worth dealing with this?*

Men from the team were knocked out from a wide range of tennis rackets, umbrellas, and even cast iron pans.

"No! No!” Captain Briggans screamed for mercy as one of the women finally hit him over the head with a skillet.

"Well hello dear.” My wife positioned herself in front of the deadly horde of book club women. “Looks like this time we won.”

"You could’ve just asked me about the story while eating dinner with me.” I replied. I was confused on why they tried so hard.

"We all want to know! I made a promise to my book club; no secrets!” My wife smiled.

The team groaned as they recovered themselves off from the floor slowly gathering their weapons. Everyone was about to resume fighting when a gas canister flew into the living room. Everyone paused in place. My wife looked at her fellow book club members while Captain Briggans looked at his team. I watched as they all looked at one another in confusion. 

Suddenly after several seconds, everyone gathered together. The team and book club members all gathered around me in a circle as one.

"What the hell is happening now?” I questioned. “Are we all friends now or something?”

"Shut it dear. This is serious.” My wife signaled her book club members to take position.

"Men get ready. Here they come!” Captain Briggans took point again.

"Who? Who the hell are you guys so afraid of that you’re willing to team up?” I asked. I was actually starting to get nervous this time.

Another gas canister rolled into the kitchen.

"The librarians.” Captain Briggans sighed. “Men, use actual rounds.”

Everyone took up their arms waiting. It was dead silent. The wind blew the curtains as everyone stood frozen. Suddenly, footsteps tapped across the rooftop.

***

To read more of my stories, visit [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)