Bob flounced down atop the Vatican in Rome, taking the form of a giant thundercloud. He had decided this would be a nice way to get the peoples' attention and start laying down the law. Thunderclouds are intimidating, after all, he reasoned.

"Hello there!" boomed Bob. His voice echoed across the entire planet, creating shockwaves that leveled thousands of buildings and got a few tsunamis going. An underwater city deep in the bowels of the ocean, once known as Atlantis, experienced a catastrophic earthquake that buried most of its population and sent the rest of them floundering to survive in the aftermath. 

"Well," Bob muttered to himself, realizing how much destruction he'd caused. "That wasn't good." He thought and thought about the problem. Oh! he thought. I forgot to remove the physical effects of projecting my voice! He adjusted his vocal impact in a microsecond and continued.

"Ahem!" proclaimed Bob. He thought this sounded very officious and allowed himself a microsecond of pleasure for choosing such a great word. What fun being promoted to earth is! "Hear me, hear me, people of earth! I am your new god! Bow down and worship me and I will be, uh..." he paused and gathered his thoughts. In his last job, he'd been a lesser god of a flock of seagulls. He wasn't quite used to these weird concepts humans were so obsessed with, like morality, worship, and hamburgers. But he knew he'd get the hang of it soon enough!

Before he could continue, a voice responded from a loudspeaker.

"Hello there," said the thin and tremulous voice, "it is the Holy Father of the Catholic Church of Rome. I understand you are God's replacement. I do hope you will be merciful and guide us to everlasting salvation."

"What the heck is everlasting salvation?" boomed Bob.

Across the world, countless people were pausing in shared confusion, being witnesses to one half of a conversation. Some soldiers stopped firing at each other to look around. Politicians stopped bickering and suddenly became very self\-conscious about their bank accounts. And somewhere deep in fields of Iowa, one man was absolutely ecstatic that the savior Bob had finally come and he could stop being the laughingstock of his town. 

Back in Vatican City, the Pope was getting rather frustrated with Bob.

"What do you mean, what is everlasting salvation?" he croaked.

"I don't know!" said Bob. "I'm new here. I heard there was something about fire and brimstone, right? Am I supposed to send you all to hell or something?"

Billions of people let out simultaneous gasps and several particularly skeptical atheists chuckled to themselves. 

"No," said the Pope. "You don't just send everyone to hell. There has to be due process. You only send people to hell if they've been very, very bad. And, well... you don't even have to believe in hell, strictly\-speaking." The Pope cleared this throat and turned red.

There were a lot of listening Catholics nearby who were not happy about The Pope's official position on hell.

"Well I think that's swell!" said Bob. "No hell at all. I like that. How about if I just send everyone to heaven now? Would you like that?" 

Bob couldn't believe his luck. His first day and he was on the path to fixing earth's problems already. He was sure they'd love the idea of going to heaven and that would be that. What a joy being a god of earth is! He allowed himself a little flip in his cloud form and accidentally sprinkled some rain down.

"Er, no," said the Pope.

"What?" said Bob.

Many of the people in range of hearing the Pope were ready to storm the Vatican and murder the Pope if it meant losing easy access to heaven.

Bob sensed the rising anger and decided to fix the problem by satiating everyone with candy. Millions of bars of chocolate fell from the sky across the globe, as well as a stray hard candy or too. That should calm them! thought Bob.

Through an accident of proportion, Bob dropped candy that was a few metric tons too large and crushed a few hundred million people, including about half of the crowd that was listening to the Pope's words.

Bob felt a little unseated. Maybe this job wasn't as easy as he thought. He thought about contacting the old god for advice, but decided against it; he didn't want to embarrass himself. Plus, if word got back to his employer, he might get fired and that wouldn't do at all! Free heaven for all was the clear answer here. Not giant bars of chocolate.

"So heaven for everyone, right!" said Bob. Just to check, he reassured himself. But he had a dreaded inkling this wasn't going to be as simple as he imagined.

"No," said the Pope, more firmly. "You can't just hand out heaven to everyone. You have to earn it."

"But why?" said Bob.

"Because, well, what's heaven worth if you don't earn it?"

"What's being an old man worth if you don't earn it!" said Bob. He drenched the Vatican in rainwater and laughter at his own joke.

"I don't understand the joke," said the Pope.

Neither did the rest of them, apparently, Bob noticed. No one was laughing.

"Well, you see..." said Bob. "Uh..." he drifted around in thought. "It sounded good in my head."

"I think it is clear," said the Pope, "that you are unfit to be a god. I think I speak for all of humanity when I say we would like the *real* God back."

"Oh, I'm afraid that's impossible," said Bob, in a burst of inspiration. "You see... I killed him."

He could sense the audible gasps across the world, rumbling with dismay.

"How dare you!" said the Pope. "You are no god, you are a demon! I cast you out!"

Bob drenched the Pope in rainwater and then for an afternoon activity, he went round Australia and knocked out a few particularly nasty species. Boy what fun being a god is! Maybe free heaven didn't need to be the way to go. These people didn't *really* want free heaven. Plus that old man was annoying.