  As the lawyer handed over to me all the paperwork, it was still a little difficult to accept all that had happen.  As I reached up to wipe my tears, the cool wetness smearing across the back of my hand, I tried to get all my jumbled emotions together and suck it up.  Sniffling I took a closer look at the paper work handed to me with the name Sam Witburg written all over it.

  The paperwork felt thick in my hands as I started to thumb over everything.  Seeing my confused faced Mr. Abbas spoke up, "Of course, you don't need to sign right away.  You can take this home and look it over and make sure it's all in order.  As I said before, you are the only heir mentioned in your uncle's will, so it's all yours.  The house, everything in it, and your uncle's bank accounts."

  I felt like the weight of the world was crushing me again, and I finally managed to speak up, albeit with a shaky voice, "F-fine, how long do I have?"

  He reached up and further cinched and straightened the knot of his tie, something he seemed to be obsessed over as he had already done it several times.  "A week.  We want to get ahead of this before missing any deadlines."  He hesitated a moment, seeing all the emotions in my face and finally reaching up and placing his hand on my shoulder.  "I'm sorry for your loss.  Richard was a good man, and you needn't worry too much.  Everything is going to work out alright for you, I promise."

  It felt a little strange how personable he was being.  Sure, I knew that he was my uncle's lawyer, and I had seen him on more than one occasion.  I just hadn't realized we had come so close.  It was still heart warming though, because he seemed genuine.  Again I started to cry and babble on about the things I had to take care of, "I have so much to do!  I have to figure out mortgages while going to school, I have to sell all that junk in the house, and I'm not even eighteen yet!"

  Suddenly Mr. Abbas placed his other hand on my shoulder and gave me a very stern look, "Don't sell anything out of the house, do you understand me?  Not a single one.  They are are part of your uncle's legacy, and yours now too.  Trust me, just go home, do the paperwork, and everything will be alright."  The weight of his hands on my shoulders felt heavy as they squeezed.  His stare was so intense that I couldn't hold it for long and only glanced occasionally at them.  Rolling my shoulders I escaped his grasp.  Why could my uncles junk be that important?  I had always viewed it as clutter and mildly interesting at times.

  I realized I was crushing the paperwork in my hands as I straightened up and offered my hand to shake his, "Right, thanks for all your help.  I'll go and get this done."

  His hand squeezed warmly around mine as he shook it asking, "Are you okay to drive?  Do you want me to call you a cab?"

  I shook my head vigorously, "No no, I got my car.  I'll be fine."  Letting go of his hand I turned for the door and waved him off, "Thanks again."

  Upon arriving home I started to wander the house.  I had been thinking obsessively about Mr Abbas's insistence I not sell anything.  I started wandering from room to room admiring some of the stuff in a new light.  I had always thought of it as junk, though upon closer inspection through the layers of dust and soot revealed everything in there at the very least was well made.  I had set the paperwork down on the table when I started digging through some items on a book shelf when they inexplicably fell on the floor.  Puzzled I wandered over to gathering them up only to have them shuffled and a peculiar page being on the top.  "Check the attic." was the only thing written on the page, sitting like a call to action in the center of a white page.

  I looked around the room, thinking perhaps someone else was in there with me.  There was a sudden eerie vibe and I felt like I was being watched.  I scampered out of the room and into the crowded hallway filled with all these things that my uncle seemed to just collect and store.  I made it to the front door before looking up the stairs.  I couldn't help the morbid desire to check the attic.  The papers still in my hand, I began ascending the stairs as they creaked and moaned in complaint.

  At the end of the hallway which was one of the few clear spaces in the house hung the knob leading to the attic.  I reached up and grabbed the smooth plastic and pulled down, the strand growing taught and pulling down the stairs that led up into what was no doubt a treasure trove of items.  Climbing the stairs into the stuffy attack my eyes try to adjust to the dim room and look around for a light bulb.  Finding it I turn it on to reveal much to what I had expected with once exception.  My eyes were immediately drawn to it as it stood starkly in the center of the floor by itself.  Sitting there was a bronze Arabian lamp, like the ones you'd expect to see in some Disney movie.  As I approached it and bent to pick it up I felt a sense of being pulled down.  I stumbled and tried to right myself only to find that the pull had seemingly increased.  I tried to throw myself backwards only to fall into a sitting position on my butt and that pulling sensation growing further as I felt myself begin to shrink.  Looking at my body it began to dissolve and disintegrate like sand as I was pulled down the spout of this bronze lamp.

  In my fear I suppose I expected it to be dark inside, though instead I felt into a lit room with a bed, a pool, and a pedestal with some fruit in it.  I came crashing down landing in this pool which at first appeared shallow though clearly it was not as I submerged in it a few feet.  After resurfacing and gasping for air, the sound echoing in this brightly lit bronze room, I swam to the edge and managed to climb out.  I looked around trying to make sense of what was going on and gathering my bearings.

  It was then I heard a booming voice, the voice of Mr Abbas from before, "It is all on you now."  I tried to discern where the voice was coming from, looking around frantically for anything new in the room.  "Your uncle's collection, it is not what you think."

  "Let me out!" I screamed.  "How are you doing this?!"

  It was then I heard a voice directly behind me, "Calm down a moment."  I spun around to see Mr. Abbas, still dressed in his suit and tie.  His hands were up with the palms facing towards me, "I am just trying to explain."

  Seeing him I back away fiving me a few more feet between us, "Explain what?  What's going on?  Are you a genie or something?"

  He slowly nodded his head as he explained, "One of your uncle's final wishes was I look after you, and help prepare you for what's coming."  He took a few steps closer with his hands still raised.  "And believe me, you really need to listen."