They kill each other as they always have.

En masse.

And per usual, no matter how they pretty up the motivations with lofty goals and eloquent speeches, they kill each other for the same reasons.

Hell; they've been doing it for as long as I've been alive.  Before then, even.  You could say human history is written by a bloody pen, to the surprise of no one.

Sure, I saw it then, I see it now.  What weighs heavy is the knowledge of its uselessness and repetitiveness.

Humans have this classical conditioning to kill each other in wholesale extravagance, and the more their methods change, the more horrifying the results.

So I stay on the fringes, helping the lost and forgotten.  Those without access to care, those without access to food or shelter.  I do what I can now, to make up for what I did so long ago.

*Newfound immortality can sometimes make you lose sight of consequences.*

I push the thought aside, returning to the work.  The work.  The endless, grinding, horrifying work.

"Raise the leg," I command.  The nurse does so, hopefully this'll help stop the bleeding.  The hole, nice and small and round, pulses out blood at regular intervals, making that weird watery texture that clings to the leg hairs.  

The man who'd been unlucky enough to get caught in sniper alley moans softer now, though that may be the morphine kicking in.  

Sometimes you get those random flashes from the past, looking at those infected wounds.  This'll turn and fester into something dangerous if I don't address it here and now.

"We need maggots," I say, remembering examining those infected wounds beneath boiled leather and chainmail, but catch myself.  That's the problem with being this old.  Memories enjoy whisking me to places where the dead still speak.

The woman volunteering as a nurse doesn't respond, only blinks at me.

Always tired.

Always afraid.

When they're tired, you can usually say whatever you want to them.  But you can't talk in a medical scenario like this.  You need to command.  Force the bystanders to participate.  This isn't a place for professionals, but this is neither the time or place where they can flourish.  I can take a bullet or two and be fine.  The rest?

Not so much.  But still, I try to maintain a sense of authority whenever I can.  It helps, at least.

Do this NOW.  Get me this amount of such and such and I needed it five minutes ago.

I may have all the time in the world, but they don't.

"Mr. Richardson?"

A small voice, heavily accented timidly wafts over the moans and groans of dying men and women.  No.  Not timid.  Broken. 

Someone is pulling me away, though I'm still focused on this wound.  It needs cleaning, it needs stifling, it needs proper attention, real help, real professional care that can't be cobbled together by volunteers in camps too close to the ever present fighting.

Heal.

As best as you can.  Do you remember the ridiculous methods?  The crushed emeralds and the balancing of humors and all that ridiculous nonsense that probably killed more than it could possibly save?

Keep them alive, keep the blood inside.

*It's delicious though.  The blood, the blood, the blood.  Sweet and hot.  Take a taste, be subtle.  Wipe your hands across your mouth and let it trickle down your tongue.*

No.  I don't need blood anymore.  I quit it.  I don't need it.

I'm not that kind of thing anymore.

Doctors, especially in places of greatest need always carry that same resigned posture, that broken and barely-lucid look on their face.  Never enough sleep.  Never enough bandages, never enough help, never enough time.  Always fighting the clock.

"I'll take over," she says.  She shouldn't have to.  But what can you do; homemade drones managed to drop a few live grenades on some volunteer medics a week before, and we can barely manage the staff as it is.

The boom of artillery can be heard, with a few patients jump with the sound.  In the next instant, they relax.  It's outgoing, not incoming.  Not that the shells care.  Sinner or saint, they blow us all to smithereens.

"Fine," I manage, wiping my hands clean.

*Save the towel.  Lick it later.*

No.

Moving between the makeshift tents, I walk through streets cluttered with rubble and debris.  The clatter of small arms fire sounds even further away, it's echoes strengthened by the distant walls of the valley.

I'm being led to a tent, and how many tents have I entered?

War tents all over the world.  In almost every war and conflict, saving who I can, preventing infections before the humans truly understood what was going on.

Not bad for a peasant boy from Bohemia.

In a tent, a woman with raven-black hair sits at a desk, flanked on either side by burly men with expensive looking rifles.  Fancy and new.  Not too much dust, clean and full magazines.  No grime in the barrel, no broken equipment.  When these men pull the trigger, it fires.

And certainly not locals.

Private military personnel, I'd say.  Though not government kind.  THEIR kind.  The Hunter's kind.

Taking a seat, we exchange pleasantries.  I'm vaguely aware of them, but do not truly know their intentions.  They've been observing, rather than participating in the civil conflict.

The woman doesn't appear to waste any time.  She speaks with the kind of certainty that comes from always commanding the respect in a room.  A no bullshit kind of lady.

My kind of lady.

"Mr. Richardson, we've taken great pains to find you.  We are aware of your...condition, and choose to offer you sanctuary in exchange for your rather unique skillset."

It's matter of fact and straight to the point.  No preamble, no dramatic rant about the history of vampires and humans, of the secretive idiotic conflict between pretentious men and women desperate to kill as many 'nightcrawlers' as they can.

They always talk to you like this when they want something from you.

Same as Lincoln.

Same as Louis.

Same as Gustaff.

They always ask for your very special expertise, and it's never about humans.  Always about my own kind.

The monsters that stalk the shadows and drain the blood of virgins, if you believe the church.

Which I don't.

But still.

Those day have long past.

"I'm not easy to find," I say, the dust clotting my throat.

*You've spent so long hiding, haven't you?  Fighting the urges?  A consequence of being a good Samaritan?*

*You saved a soldier, though you thought he came from the Lord's castle.  So long ago, giving him water, shelter and care.  Hiding him from your parents in the barn, a long forgotten relic of ancient time.  Did he know then he was going to come back and bite you while you slept?*

*Turn you into an abomination like him?  He even thought he was doing you a favor.  In exchange for saving his life, he 'saves' yours.  How long had that man been running from the church's Hunters?  How long had he spent, bleeding black blood into blindingly white snow?  Fangs drawn, veins coursing.  He knelt over you at night, too terrified to scream, whispering dark words and spells in a language you could only pray to not understand.*

"I think you know what I'm going to ask you, Mr. Richardson.  It'll require taking you somewhere far from here." she says.

Pull me out of a war zone?  There's only one reason for such a pleasant set of terms, rather than the usual *Die foul demon spawn!*

"In exchange, we offer a sense of immunity."

"From your kind?"

"From our kind."

She speaks without really considering what I may have to say on the subject.  Human through and through, arrogant to the last. 

By her posture, a Hunter.  A killer of my own kind.  Though they'll never beat the classic killers, the ones who ride moonbeams and sail through the night, slipping into rooms and draining men and women dry.  That must be some kind of saying in her business, though.  Humans can do their best, true.  But no one can kill a vampire like another vampire, and usually over a pint of blood.

"Work for us."

Silence.

Only the sound of distant warfare.

No more running?

A peaceful existence?

Sounds too good to be true.

She's been speaking, but I haven't been listening.  The words roll lazily, bouncing through a dry desert air.  Somewhere, yelling.  Violence.  The killing, it grates.  The killing, it takes its toll.  No matter how long you help, they find a new excuse.  The same reasons.  The same excuses.  Dedicate hundreds of years to it, but it's never enough.

Never enough lives saved.

Maybe I'm tired.

Maybe I've been doing this for far too long.  I'm just so tired.  Tired of the death.  Tired of the sheer horror that masks me from those who would see me dead.

Tired of being alone.

Maybe if I just bite my pride and do the job, they'll leave me alone.  No more running.  No more hiding.  Some kind of sense of normalcy?  A golden key to a life I've never had?

I cut her off before she can work on her false attempts at convincing.  She clearly doesn't care about what she's saying.  How rare must this be?  The humans who dedicate their lives to ending our kind's stain on this Earth with false platitudes and a bargain?

"I'll do it," I hear myself saying.  It's not me, someone else.  Someone who doesn't care about the details or what they entail.  Someone who doesn't care about the cost or the measure, only the reward.  

Peace and freedom.

She smiles at me, motioning for me to follow the men beside her.

Double cross me, and they'll regret it.

Still, the itch.

*Just one last drink.*

*Just one more drop of blood.*

No.

*You say no, but I follow.  Addiction loves you, even if you hate me.*

I'm not one of them.  Not one of the monsters that hunt and kill with no sense of remorse, humanity's light long burned out.

Last of my bloodline.  Last of my family.  Does it matter?  Healing to atone for my sins?

I don't hurt people.

Not anymore.






[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/storiesfromapotato/comments/ad207w/bloodlines_part_4/)





r/storiesfromapotato