I thought to myself this is finally the end, there's no life after death, everything will turn black and cease to exist as if nothing ever had existed. I knew these were my final moments so I tried to remember my life and look over all my memories and a smile ran across my face as I remembered all the good things, I remembered the smile on my grandfather's face every time I came over to see him but also the way he would swear when things got tough when I helped him with chores. I remembered one thing that always made me happy was the way I could always make my best friend laugh like no one else could. And I remembered everything my dad had taught me and how proud he was, that was the one thought that choked me up. From the corner of my eye I could see my finger twitch then everything did go black just like I had thought. 

Except my eyes opened again but this time I was standing in line and I was sweating as if I were surrounded by fire. I noticed some of the people in front and behind me had wounds similar to mine, some were torn apart as if their bodies had been smashed, and some were perfectly intact but their face was a light shade of blue. In front of me was the most beautiful young girl with long straight brown hair, a white dress shirt, and a blue skirt, she showed no abnormal signs do she stuck put from the rest. So I tapped her shoulder, she turned to me and I asked why are you here? She replied with a soft stutter in her voice "I-I don't want to be here now, I was so happy yesterday, then everything went wrong, I just wanted to forget the pain and what was happening so I took some pills from my parents medicine cabinet, next thing I know my eyes are flickering and I'm laying on the bathroom floor in the most pain but yet it felt so dull." she suddenly vanished. Now I was in the front of the line when a hand grabbed my shoulder out of nowhere and I began to fade away to. I came to all alone in a room with a small old round faced wood grain tv with two turn nobs on the side. It turned on suddenly, it went from black to a dark shade of red, suddenly an opening appeared and a doctor was standing there holding a baby, the view switched between 3 people, the baby, the mother, and the father. But I was feeling  exactly what each character was at the time of their perspective. An overwhelming joy mixed with many unexplainable emotions came over me while it was the mother's and father's point of view. The show continued on through out this child's next few years, as I became more and more immersed and realized this child was me, everything in the room except the screen seemed to have disappeared. Years went on and as I became aware of each major character I felt their presence beside me, whispering their thoughts in my ears. For the first 9 years my sisters was the most prominent, I'd feel her sudden anger towards me as a child but immediately it would change to forgiveness, but there was a new feeling I had never had before, it was a sense of Honor and pride that she had felt because I was her brother. The next 4 years there were always different people who were right beside me giving me their thoughts they had of me. I realized that every time my grandpa would get angry and swear while we were doing chores, he wasn't feeling complete discontent instead there was happiness right along with it, he told me it was because I was there helping. The next 7 years was my dad beside me following along the whole time and it made those 7 years viewing my life a little easier. 

Now with everyone I knew surrounding me I had lost track of where things were going. The next day started just like any other, I was living on my own away from home and away from any family. Then a familiar feeling of depression rushed over me that had been with me almost every moment of the last 2 years of my life and I realized what day this was. I began to have the worst anxiety and fear as I realized this is why they call it hell. Together with everyone smiling I was watching my last day on earth and nobody suspected a thing. I entered my room with a gun in my hand and saw those final memories I once had, my grandpa smiling, I guess he didn't notice what was going on, but there was a feeling of dread coming from each individual in the room as they watched along with me. I put the gun to my head and from the corner of my eye I saw my finger twitch and the movie was over, credits rolled with everyone's name running down. But another video started, this one I wasn't in, just my family and friends. I was watching the aftermath of my suicide and how it affected everyone and their thoughts, the feeling of anxiety and fear I had before that I had described as hell was nothing compared to this. It went on for years longer than my actual life until the last thought of me had been thought. 