"Do you wanna try some math?" 

I blinked a few times, too distracted by the needle jutting out of his arm to be sure I'd heard correctly.

"What?" I asked, and he rolled his eyes. "Math. Numbers and shit, check this out..." he said, opening his backpack just slightly and motioning that I should look down. It was a calculator, a normal Ti-84 or whatever. 

I shrugged trying not to show how confused I was, but I could tell he was annoyed, it was weird...his face looked almost familiar, but maybe that's because I'd already seen too many meth faces in the small time I'd been here. 

"Oh, you're a big shot! you've already done math then?" He didn't whisper as quietly this time, and the girl in front of us whipped her head around to glare. "I'm trying to learn," she said, scowling from us to her thin veins and back.

His lips stretched into a thin smile as he whispered, "my bad," not blinking or breaking eye contact with her until she turned back around. 

"Do you wanna do this or not? I'm taking a lot of risks here showing you at all but you seemed cool." 

"What's risky about math?" I asked, too loud. The professor stopped lecturing and zeroed her attention on me like I had just cussed in grade school or something. 

"Are you discussing math with another student?" She asked. "I'll call security." The threat came before I had time to answer the question. 

"No, miss," I said, raising my hands in the air in a panicked surrender. 

"I should hope not," she said, "math is on the list of forbidden subjects. Also forbidden is political science, economics, geography, literature, science, and English. now as I was saying..." I tuned out about then, not interested with proper injection methods. 

"See?" The boy with the calculator said, "this is real risky business, so stop playing dumb and punch in some numbers. We're going to fix this drug-induced mess." 

I eyed the needle in his arm again and he laughed, "oh you think I'm one of them," he said, "nah, it's a placebo. Essentially a sugar water for the bloodstream. A little more scientific than that but...essentially" he laughed again. 

"Why show me?" I asked and he smiled, "because I got here a year before you, we're from the same place to do the same thing." 

"To learn how to shoot meth," I said, itching at my shoulder a little uncomfortably. 

"No, smart ass. To stop this," here he gestured around the room, "from being our future. I came in 2016, Beta 11." 

I gasped in surprise and then coughed to try and cover it, they told us Beta 11 was dead. That's why they had sent me. To recover his body and carry on his mission. 

"But you're...""dead? Clearly not. I just needed a partner. Welcome to 2688, Beta 12. I know, it's worse than any of us expected. Now I'm going to ask you one more time, do you want to try some math?" 

