Fire rolled across the field. The warriors and myself tried to hold our line, but it was now about to break. The enemy was strong in numbers. They were not afraid to die, but neither were we. This was God’s land. We were instructed to hold it until the horns blasted his return.

"Stay together! Stay strong!” The King yelled. The battle-drums thundered across the battlefield.

I drew up my shield and dug my feet into the ground. I braced myself for impact. Suddenly, Men threw themselves into our shields. I pierced my blade into one’s shoulder while stepping back into defense. Silas, my best friend, was stabbed in his chest beside me. I couldn’t break, not now. I had to keep myself strong. I will not let his death be in vein.

"Hold the wall!” The King rallied everyone in the middle. “We hold this line!”

A gunshot hit my shield. Someone still had bullets. *Those were practically inexistent anymore,* I thought to myself. That is not good if the enemy still had bullets. 

A roar swept across the field. As far as my eye could see the enemy cloaked by darkness swept across the fields ahead. Every blade of grass they stepped on fell to decay and rot. The trees surrounding shriveled up, loosing their leaves in ashes.

"This is it! Prepare yourselves!” The King ordered. We have never fought such numbers. Bullets ricochet off of a few of our shields. Arrows became more of a threat than a few of the last remaining brass here and there. 

The enemy slammed into us again, this time the fields behind were covered by their army. The army that was wrapped by darkness. I swung my sword to gut the man over by shield. I quickly turned while bashing another’s head into a stagger. Recovering, I drew my blade into one on my right. I felt a sharp pain from my back. I looked down to see a blade coming through from my stomach. I fell onto my knees. My vision darkened as I watched the King fall beside us. The darkness took us all. Only God himself will be able to stop them now. 

***

I felt a warm breeze overtake me. I was helped to my feet by Silas himself. He had been waiting in case I was brought here. I must have still been transforming within the mind. I never even got the pleasure of meeting the Reaper.  

"I don’t understand what we did wrong. Why are we in hell?” Silas asked me. 

I quickly turned to see a kingdom of ruin overtaken by a blaze. The fire climbed to the top of the buildings surrounding. Glass and structures fell onto the transparently golden streets.

*No,* I said to myself. *It can’t be.* I quickly ran up to the gate that was now destroyed in rubble. The pearly gate was now blackened and scratched. St. Peter was not at his post which means the darkness reached the kingdom. We were supposed to contain it on Earth and we failed.

"No!” A woman cried. Her wings fell across the ground in sadness. “No. Please. It is not possible.” She cried into the air as others gathered around her. She was kneeling by a body below. 

"Who is that? Who is on the ground?” Silas asked. I had no idea. I couldn’t see his face. All I could see was his grey hair that fell along his shoulders.

"Everyone keep back.” Men, who were formally dressed in noble attire, spaced everyone from the body.

"Who is that?” I asked the man trying to keep me back from the scene. 

"That was God. He has now fallen.” 

"What?! How? That’s impossible! He can’t die!” I pushed back, wanting to see him.

The man held me back in full strength with just his finger. The guardians were known to be very strong beings. “I am sorry.” He said. “It seems the darkness has done what it had promised.”

"There has to be a way!” I yelled. We could not give up. We are too far into this war to just roll over. Whether it is here or on Earth.

The woman with wings wiped the tears from her face. As she stood up, the body below her, God, blew away into ashes. “There may be a way.” She assured. She began walking towards Silas and I. “You two, I have a job for you. It may be the only way to bring our Lord back to us.” 

"Anything,” Silas agreed.

"I need you to find where it all began. I need you to find the Garden of Eden. The answer of finding God again is there.” She instructed.

"You mean he is still out there?” I asked. “We all saw his body disappear into ashes.”

"In a different form maybe, but yes. Find the Garden of Eden, but please be careful, it is heavily guarded even against my kind. No one enters without God himself so you will need to find a way to get in there.” She pressed her left hand onto my chest and on Silas’ with her right. “Go now, there isn’t much time.”

***

Silas and I woke up back on the battlefield. Both of our wounds were now gone. We looked at each other in shock. Everyone around us lied cold in the decayed ground. Darkness swept the whole field. The King himself was face down in the ash that now represented the soil. Trees everywhere hung dead in despair. 

"Well,” Silas began, picking himself off of the ground, “Let’s go find this Garden of Eden.”

***

To read more of my stories, visit [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)