Every day I wonder if I made the right choice.

I know that I shouldn’t have had them, but I wouldn’t change that if I could. I’m a single mother. Having them was irresponsible and I always knew I’d make an awful mom. But accidents happen, and then once I found out it was happening I couldn’t bring myself to stop it. A pretty selfish choice, honestly, and then I found out I was having twins. Ezekiel and Anissa. They were worth the two extra jobs and the all the extra shifts. Caleb came three years later, another accident.

———

“Mom?”

Ezekiel. I take a deep breath and hold the phone closer to my ear. “Yeah, I’m here, baby. What do you need?”

“We need a little help,” he says, and my anxiety sinks my gut. “Think you could bring the car?”

———

They thought they were being sneaky, but there’s very little that three high schoolers can hide from their mother, especially when they get along far better than any teenage siblings have a right to. I pretended not to notice until they tried to sneak back in the front door at 4 am. It was a three bedroom apartment, and I slept what was probably supposed to have been the dining room.

“Okay, family meeting,” I told them. They looked guilty as hell, still in their tattered costumes. “Go get cleaned up and then meet me in the den, got it?”

Three voices, in unison. “Yes mom.”

———

I’m to them in ten minutes, driving faster than legal but not drawing any cops.All the boys in blue will be downtown, I know, where most of the action is. I’ve never liked cops, but they’ve gotten a lot better in recent years. Fighting alongside superheroes will do that to you. I pull into an alley, scrambling out and shooting off a text with the location before getting to the nearest fire escape. I hate what they do, but I hate not knowing more.

———

“Okay,” I said, sighing and sipping at some coffee. They’re sitting on the couch, still looking pretty terrible. I sit on the ottoman in front of them. “Tell me your side of things first.”

“Okay, so don’t freak out,” Anissa said first, glancing at the other two. Caleb’s leg was jittering nervously. Ezekiel was chewing his lip. “Uh. So. There’s this bully, and um...”

“We’re the vigilantes that have been on the news lately,” Caleb said, blurting it out. The other two flushed and looked at him, then me. “Remember when Zeke had that weird fever a couple months ago?”

“Yeah,” I said, and then watched as the two looked at each other for a long moment. Then Ezekiel sighed, kicked off his shoes, and pulled off the jacket that had become a regular part of his wardrobe. I wasn’t expecting talons and wings. I wasn’t even sure how he’d been hiding the wings. He rubbed his arm nervously, not quite looking at me. When I didn’t say anything, he sat back down.

Anissa took a deep breathe, looking up at me. Her eyes flashed, and then...They weren’t human eyes anymore. Faceted, almost insectoid eyes rested in her sockets instead, and I saw the spines along her neck and arms. “And when I came back from canp all fucked up...Aliens. I think. They did this. Apparently aliens are insectoid. It’s like computer stuff, so I guess I’m a cyborg now or something.”

I looked between the twins for a moment, then to my youngest. Caleb shrugged, and Ezekiel answered for him. “He caught us sneaking out a few weeks ago and demanded we take him with us. He’s a lot better at karate than he lets on.”

I took a deep breath, closing my eyes for just a moment. “And what happened tonight?”

“There was a fire downtown,” Ezekiel answered. “It uh. It was bad. A lot of folks were trapped and it wasn’t like we could just leave them there and the firefighters were starting to say it was too dangerous for them to go in, and-“

“Zeke, breathe honey,” I said gently, and he took a long moment to do just that. “What else?”

“We got most of them out,” Anissa said, fiddling with her earring. “But there was a guy in there who started the fire.”

“He was the fire,” Caleb said, looking at me and almost pleading. “It sound crazy but he was actually fire. And he wasn’t very happy that we were there.”

“What happened to him?”

“I threw him in the river,” Ezekiel said softly, then sighed. “It didn’t kill him or anything, but it doused him. He looked lime a normal guy then.”

I nodded, ran a hand through my hair. “Okay,” I said. “Okay, of you’re going to do this, we need to lay some ground rules, ok?”

“You’re not going to stop us?” Anissa said, sitting up a little more. I shook my head.

“You’re my terrors, and you’re even more stubborn than I was at your age,” I said, smiling even through the anxiety. “If I tried to stop you you’d just do it anyway. So we’re going to lay some ground rules for this.”

———

I watch my children fight something at least once a week, now. I get them rough first aid, help them design and make new gadgets, help with costumes, backup...and I am so, so proud of them. I always wonder if I made the right choice, helping them to get where they are today, but mostly that’s because I’m a mother. Mothers always worry.