Everybody thought it was a new beginning, a dawn of enlightenment, an age of peace. To live without the existential fear of forgetting, of growing old and slow, of death. All in the form of one simple pill. To put it simply, billions of cells die in the body each day, the drug supercharged the body so the rate at which it produced new cells never slowed. It was given freely, regardless of race, colour or creed. The greatest humanitarian effort of human existence. There was only one price, your age.

All those under the age of twenty six were given this freedom. The rest of us were given sad looks and long talks about the drugs ability in those over twenty six to accelerate diseases like cancer and Alzheimer’s. 

That’s when the first war began.

Bombs dropped and cities burned as people killed to live forever. 

As if eternal life wasn’t enough, once you took the pill your cells became a super charged hive of activity, you healed quicker, could run for longer, became smarter. 

Over time, they took complete control and the youth government declared a time of global peace. This was followed by an unprecedented spike in the suicide rate in those over twenty six. Those dubbed “The lost generations.”

It was soon after that, I saw her. Angela. She wasn’t like the rest. A streak of grey in her dark auburn hair and wrinkles around her eyes when she smiled. I don’t know how I made her smile but I did and after enough smiles I built up the courage to ask her out. “Took you long enough,” she said.

Our son was born five years later. I never thought I’d have the power to give eternal life. Angela and I spoke about it countless times. The fresh faced doctors, who could have been a year or two younger than me, encouraged us of course. The hard sell on eternal life was something I hadn’t prepared for. In the end, Angela and I decided it wasn’t our decision to make. We waited until he was eighteen, his decision didn’t surprise us. He chose life. When all your friends and school crush are going to live forever, it’s really not a hard choice.

But we didn’t know it would be the wrong choice.

It was slow at first. Angela noticed it before I did, something about mother’s intuition she said. I had grey of my own in my hair before I noticed. Of course, the youth controlled media was slow on the uptake, but after sixty years it was undeniable.

Our son was getting younger. They all were.

It was uncontainable, the cover up exposed. The youth had been applying make up to ensure they looked the same age but make up can only go so far. They were regressing from twenty somethings to teenagers.

I’d never seen my son cry like he did when he knew he was going to die.

It seems to be getting faster, the drug working exponentially, so keen to give life and exuberance. Making the youth smarter, stronger and younger.

There’s not many of the lost generation left. Those unaffected by the drug that now need to create a new future or hope the children can create a cure for accelerated youth.

That’s when the second war began.


