There was no counting the years after a certain point. When everyone is 99,999,000ish years old, it is only milestone numbers like 100,000,000 to make remaining age differences worth anyone's spare thought. 

They remembered my name for a long time, but the stone and platinum and holograms and splendid tomb built to mourn the last death lasted far longer. Everyone who survived longer than I, survived forever. So it was said. And at any time they desired, they could visit this tomb of mine and interact with a artificial replicant bearing my image, speaking in my voice, recalling my life and achievements as if these creations had lived in my skin. I was the last mortal, and in this way I was given the next-best thing to life eternal. So it was said.

They achieved so much, in their state of transcendence. They had all the time in the world, in all the worlds, to remake the worlds, to make worlds beyond imagination. And oh, what worlds they made! What worlds within worlds within worlds! What worlds they escaped into! A universe in which every thought was manifest, every thought itself a god obeyed immediately. A universe that lived and died while a picosecond passed on the outside, with another immediately ready to go if desired. 

Eventually, a very great many picoseconds passed. 

I don't know if this person ever knew if there was a great beyond. She was the last one I saw find out, finally, for certain. Life as evolved as was possible to be, finally breaking down for good. The very building blocks of chemistry were no longer useful to construct anything of meaning or capable of interpreting meaning. Her trillions upon trillions of lives came apart, the memories now just part of the noise, and I stood with her until the very last pair of atoms ceased to be. The last of so many trillions of trillions of lives, the very essence of life itself. 

One of these days I may meet someone else in this great beyond, and they may remember me being with them. It's a nice thought to wait on.