"Let's see what we've got today."

Dave rolled out of bed and went downstairs to the drop box he'd installed on his front door, right above the requests slot. Often he would find requests in there, placed by his sometimes idiotic clientele who apparently couldn't read. Sweet little marbles of feelings always rolled around down in the bottom, though, so they were easy to find even when the written requests got in the way. Usually the emotions he received were donated from his clients, but he wasn't going to limit himself to just their donations. As long as he didn't have to use his money just to get a feel in like those dumb saps at the bolito bars, he was... well he guessed he was the closest to happy he'd​ ever get based on what he'd heard.

He worked hard to build his business into the success it is now. It started because of his unique lack of emotion. Others envied his ability to make pragmatic decisions, and he found a way to monetize this ability. Often times, once he'd given his consultation, his clients would find that they wanted to get rid of an emotion their decision gave them. Of course, as pragmatic as he was, he wasn't going to let them go to waste, so he offered to take them. He found ways to personally use the discarded emotions to increase his productivity and creativity, which only made his business more profitable.

He had to get eight different permits to do this legally. There are tons of regulations about disposal. These little marbles, very hard and slow to dissolve, were relatively harmless when placed in the cheek of a consumer and filtered out through human biological processes. They were even deemed safe for children to consume. But if too many got into the water supply, well, it would be a catastrophe. It happened once when the technology was first developed. It apparently never occurred to them that even low concentrations could impact animal populations. 

Dave recalled reading about the cockroaches who fed on emotions left behind by some man who died of natural causes and had gotten his hands on an extraction tool he was using at home. For quite some time before he died, he'd been using this extractor to remove his anger. He knew he'd get in trouble for disposing it, so he kept dropping the little balls into old plastic soda bottles littered around his house. He died, and nobody knew for a few months, until the landlords had to evacuate the building and quarantine it because of the cockroaches that could not be killed through conventional methods and were even attacking humans in a way never previously observed in nature. These specimens did not hide when the lights came on, and caused serious harm to no less than twenty people. They found this man's apartment was the origin, and ended up having to enclose the entire building and incinerate it in place.

He reached in to the box and there was just one small marble in there. A black one. Happiness. 

He knew just what to do with it. He called up the owner of the bolita bar around the corner, Sandy, and told her that, to his surprise, someone had donated the very thing she sells. When supply was low, she'd often fund the business with her own happiness using the extractor she had obtained when she started the bar. She stayed pretty productive like Dave, and they'd had many talks. Those little black balls were the enemy of production, as evidenced by her clientele who would spend their money just to feel a little bit more, and his clients who couldn't make sound decisions that might impinge on its effect.

He offered to sell it to her for $100, and she agreed to stop by that afternoon to take it off his hands. They hung up, and he pulled out the paperwork to make sure he logged this properly in the books.
