 Death comes to us all, most accidently speak the words calling death to their side, but not I.  For I have known the words that would cause my downfall for nearly three thousand years.   I have witnessed some of the pyramids being built, the rise and fall of civilizations, and I personally knew Christ.  I’ve traveled this world in every type of transportation imaginable and fought in both world wars, first for the Germans and then for the Allied side.  I’ve fallen in love twenty-three times in all of that time, and each time as they spoke their final words I lost a piece of myself forever.  

 My final day was no more spectacular than most of the others.  I was hiking my way through Great Rock canyon in the high lands, where I had passed through on my previous trip. On that occasion I had fallen in love with a woman of the Sioux nation called Chic’yana’che which translates to Flesh of the earth.  The nation took me in as one of their own, they taught me their language and their ways.  I spent nearly forty years in service to my new family until one day Chic’yana’che was struck down by a wolf while I was on the hunt with my brothers.  I couldn’t stay, so I moved on.  

 The Sioux had long since been moved from the high lands by the new rulers who had taken the land from them. Long ago I had learned that all of life was change and nobody owned the land, they only held it for a period of time until someone else came to take it from them.  On this day I was on my pilgrimage to visit my lost loves.  Every lifetime I would sell off all of my worldly possessions and make a pilgrimage to the places of our lives together.  I had begun in Cairo, then traveled to Hamburg, Paris, Dover, and Great Rock had been the next stop.  I wiped the sweat from my brow before taking some water from my canteen. I shielded my eyes as I gazed up the rock face, having failed to remember how high it was.  Chic’yana’che and I had made our home on the cliff face far away from prying eyes who would wonder why we had no children, and why I never aged.  

 I planted my feet and made the climb I had made thousands of times before.  As I climbed the rock face I remembered her laugh as she taught me the words in her language for lust, and passion.  I pulled myself up again inching closer to the top as I dug my toe into the well worn holes that I had carved out nearly two hundred years before.  As I looked up to the plateau I could swear I saw her smiling face looking down at me, and I remembered the time she had dumped an entire pot of water on my head without knowing I was there.  She begged my forgiveness, but there was nothing to forgive.  I began to laugh and her face flashed her confusion and then once again to elation.  
 I pushed up to take the next hand full of dirt and stone and lost my balance.  The initial fall hurt the most, I heard my back break and felt the excruciating pain rip through every fiber of my being.  I had been in worse shape.  I had been cleaved in straight through my shoulder blade during the first Peloponnesian war, by an overzealous officer.   That had healed, but not without help.  The problem I faced wasn’t the extent of the injury but the isolation.  My body would heal, but due to the remote location of the Canyon it could be days, or weeks before anyone passed through.  I struggled to straighten my body out but the pain was blinding and I knew my screaming would only attract predatory animals.  

 In my time on this earth I had seen the aftermath of animal killings and without the sweet release of death I had no idea how long I would have to suffer.  As a tear rolled down my cheek I knew I would have to say the words I’d avoided saying my entire life.  When I was but a child a priestess in the temple had shared with me the words that controlled when death would come for me.  They meant nothing to me at the time, merely a woman speaking in tongs I had never heard of before.  It took fifteen hundred years before I learned the words were in English.  I tilted my head back and poured a great slug of water into my mouth before tossing the canteen to the side.  I looked up to the heavens and screamed, “I…” 

 Without a growl or a single warning a wolf lunged at me, sinking her fangs into my throat and crushing my windpipe.  I choked on the blood as it filled my lungs but I couldn’t scream, I couldn’t say the words I needed to, all I could do is wait and pray that death would come. 
