One of the things they don't tell you about prison is the shocking lack of entertainment options. I'd read all the fiction the library had to offer, and found myself stuck with nonfiction. I learned that evidently Home Depot wrote books now. And HGTV is the only channel that comes in on the old TV.

Tonight I'm glad for it, as I take a cautious step forward, easing my weight down. Yeah, this wouldn't do. A little talcum would stop the floor boards from squeaking. That left a mess, though. I swept it up, but a clean patch of floor was inconspicuous by itself. Had to sweep the whole floor. This place needed it too.

It was my second conviction for petty theft, I'd been warned to straighten out or they'd throw the book at me. I tried. I looked for a job, but I didn't have much for skills and I had a record. It was back to my old ways. Old ways, new techniques.

I emptied the dust pan into the trash can. That wouldn't do. Dust on top of a milk carton? A red flag. With practiced hands I tied the bag and replaced it, hurrying to the cans in the garage to deposit the trash.

I thanked God and Bob Villa when I spotted the black widow, hiding under the hand rail of the step that led back into the house. A small smear and she was in spider hell.

I managed to lift some change from the couch, and made my way up stairs. A squeaky step. No good, I'd be heard. It had to be fixed. It had to be fixed now.

I took out my drill and grabbed a.. shit. How was I out of carpet screws? Nope, couldn't go on.

As I made my way back to the house from Dale's 24/7 hardware, I thought back to my first days out. It had been rough, but I knew what I'd had to do. I had to muffle my drill, practice with the hammer until I could drive a nail without a sound or an elephant track in one swing. I could replace carpet, paint a floor, mop, sweep, wash dishes, replace a broken window, caulk a sink, hang a door... all of it in total silence. I wouldn't be caught. I couldn't be caught. I couldn't afford it.

Back at last, I screwed down the carpet, stopped the floor from squeaking when I heard something from upstairs. The telltale flush. The flick of a light switch, the swing of a hinge. I held my breath.

A child, maybe 9 rubbed her eyes and happened to glance at me. She covered her mouth the asked in a whisper, "are you the house fairy?"

Stunned, I looked at myself, illuminated by the light on my drill. Black clothes and gloves, harness, tool belt, hundreds of little pockets. "Uh... yep."

"I thought you'd be prettier. Could you fix my fan? It won't turn on, even when I pull the chain."

"Uh, yeah. No problem."