David awoke dreary eyed, his surroundings fading into view. Three, desperate and wide eyed strangers were in the center of the room, arguing with each other.

“He’s awake.”

“Fucking finally.”

“Hey, Mr., uh, Blaine, so we’re in a desperate situation; you missed the recording earlier but the Jigsaw killer wants to teach us a lesson.” Janet is a Hispanic woman in her 40s and suffers from depression.

“What? Huh?” David said, looking around the room.

“Dude, fucking get us out of here. We are going to die. Needles are about to shoot out of the walls at us!” Jimmy is white, 15, and likes to masturbate.

“Well, you see, needles are tricky. If it’s in one very specific place on my body, one needle would be no problem. But, what you’re describing, I don’t really have a solution for.” David’s head began to clear.

“Hi Dave, I’m Reginald, I’m Black and have a coin collection and am estranged from my son. Big fan.” 

“It’s very nice to meet all of you, and I look forward to showing you a little something mystical this evening.” David winked at Janet. Jimmy looked at everyone in horror.

David surveyed the room carefully, quickly pulling out a perfectly standard and normal deck of bicycle playing cards. He tossed the deck to Reginald. 

“Pick a card in your mind.”

Reginald looked quizzically. 

“Do you have your card.”

Reginald nodded. 

“Give her the deck.”

Reginald handed Janet the deck.

“Pick a card from the deck.”

Janet drew her card.

Suddenly, needles shot out of the wall, sticking in Reginald’s leg and back. His screams in pain and terror echoed throughout the building.

“Two of hearts?” Janet asked.

Reginald whispered from the ground, “That was -” Reginald’s eyes went dead.

“We can’t be sure. Hold on Janet, I will channel his spirit beyond the grave!”

David succumbed into a meditative trance.

“I think I can wriggle the lock open on this window.” Jimmy struggled with the window.

“Jimmy, you’re missing a good performance here. How often can you say you run into THE David Blaine. He’s met Harrison Ford!”

“Would you at least not stand- would you get out of the way of those needle holes, Janet!?”

Janet looked around and stepped a foot over, no longer covering the holes where deadly needles fly out of at random intervals.

David soon resumed breathing and his pupils rolled back into normal position.

Looking relieved, David said, “You know, it’s the ultimate test of an entertainer to be able to pull off a show in one of Jigsaw’s torture chambers. And luckily, I bring good news from beyond the grave.”

“What is it?”

“Well, first, Reginald said Janet had indeed picked his card. So, Ta Da. Second, Reginald has also figured a way out of here. We just have to walk over to this door and pull that lever, and freedom.”

“Wow, that’s pretty easy. I thought we’d have to solve some sort of riddle or something.”

“Yeah, Jigsaw’s just been kinda phoning it in lately on his life lessons.”

Jimmy rushed over and yanked the lever down. 

Nothing.

“That’s odd.” David squinted. “I was sure that would do it. Welp...anyone want to see a card trick?”