It hadn't been easy.
Corsets, tattoos, countless back alley procedures to give her a face that would catch the Emperor's eye.  Countless nights in brothels learning how to keep it.  But, knowing what was at stake, seeing the evidence around her, she persisted.  
They called her power-hungry, a money-grubber.  A whore.  They cursed her name for warming the Emperor's bed, but it was fine.  They couldn't possibly know what she would do.  They couldn't possibly see how she would soften the Emperor's rule, convince him with her body when so often her words wouldn't work.  
And she did.  Every five years, the firstborns were returned to their families in cradles instead of caskets.  Then every three.  Then every.  The corrupt enforcement officials were replaced with ones chosen for their valor.  And sure, it wasn't perfect, but she made life at least comparable to the other empires on their godforsaken sandpatch of a continent.  
But then the Emperor fell out of love with her and back into love with power.  No longer could she modulate his commands.  He was too late.
Now she knew enough to grease the cogs of the machine, to set in motion a sudden transition of power when the night before the Emperor's fall from grace the hero arrived.  
He sashayed into the throne room, casually lopped off the Emperor's head.  Swaggered up to her dais and kissed her hand, all in a day's work for him.  She swallowed her annoyance and smiled back, for she was a grateful Empress.  The retainers brought the ceremonial osmium sword to knight the hero with, for he had truly saved the Empire.  She took the heavy sword, arms trembling as she lifted it to the hero's shoulder.  Arms struggling to lift the blade she went for the other shoulder when--an accident, an accident, so accidentally--the razor sharp kukri slipped and severed the hero's carotid.  
After all, he had gotten in much too easily.  She couldn't risk that happening again.  Not now that the Emperor was finally out of her way.  
She remembered, not so long ago, walking on the street, hoping to revisit the slums she'd grown up in.  She walked alone, for she had made the city safe enough for an unaccompanied woman to wander even at night.  And when she arrived her old neighbors greeted her enthusiastically.  They knew the sacrifices she had made, then knew what she had given up for them, they knew the good she'd wrought.  
She had hoped for that, anyway.  For them to at least recognize that she had made life less bad than it was.  
They greeted her enthusiastically with cries of "Whore," cursing her name, spitting from high above.  They tore off her clothes, pelted her with refuse and it was all she could do to get away.  
She knew then that they were not grateful.  No one was.  And she realized that they were not grateful because they did not know what true suffering was.  
But with her changes the Emperor had risen in esteem.  The people anxiously threw him parade after parade, wrote ballads of his glory, and he loved that power too much to jeopardize it.  
So he had to go.  And now nothing stood in her way.