***As A God On High***

It was hard being mad at someone you had never *officially* met before, but i could try my best couldn't I?

My job at the NSA wasn't the most enjoyable thing in the world, monitoring teens and adults alike, and sometimes seeing the stark divide between parents and the children that loved each other, that on occasion raised up like a mountain through a canyon, amazing and impossible, but still formed a bridge that, \(with time and effort could still be traced through either memory or inquiring the voluminous archives to its source\), might be the start of a titanic battle that the legions of the parents and the hordes of teenagers would *instantly* clash if the polar opposite would dare so much as breath in their direction.

But I digress, I would be furious if they didn't clash and instead were content to rock back and forth on their heels, never crossing the link between the worlds they occupied and never reach an equilibrium, that perfect outcome that could only be attained if those armies charged across the brink, that barren no\-man's land and fight it out until they had settled their differences.

I saw many armies try many different tactics, from trying to goad the other into attacking so that history would see them\-selves as the victims, to lowering their own swords in a mockery of peace and understanding, only to raise them in a wholesale slaughter once the other would cross to make amends. As I sat there in my rather comfortable chair, I would always marvel at all the wonderful and altogether abhorrent strategies Sun Tzu had missed.

And yet, even as I yelled internally at those coward armies for never crossing the brink, I would always cry in glorious jubilation at when both legion and horde were determined to resolve their conflicts and both, somewhat hesitantly, insisted on throwing all weapons to the ground, to the abysses below, and clashed not in rage, but in an awesome harmony that united them into old age and solidarity. But looking down, like a Greek god on a higher mountain\-top, I might never effect my own peace, and chose to remain in a barbarous discord with my own parents.

So, it was hard to be at peace with someone you had never met, but I could still try couldn't I? To not see my own end reflected through all too many conflicts that ended with either a legion or a horde to stand alone on that mountain and wait for eternity to pass, or to force it to, would be a occurrence i might hope and pray for.

A/N: Never typed anything out of this length before, i know it doesn't really match the prompt, but i only realized once i was done, I'll try to stay in line next time, just please don't delete \( just send me to the bottom or something\) took me quite awhile to type and I'd like to see what everyone thought, like if i was an ass for using a thesaurus on at least half of the thing, or if it was too short. Thanks.