With a crash my front door burst open and several heavily armed men swarmed towards me.

"Woah! Woah!", I said while raising my hands in surrender.  The SWAT team surrounded me, then turned away and crouched in defensive positions.  I stood there in confusion with my hands still up, until the nearest one, apparently the officer in charge, yanked me down and shoved me under the kitchen table.

"Here they come, stay down" he whispered to me.

"Who?"

"Wick and Bourne."

"What the..." I trailed off in shock.

The officer addressed his squad, "Remember we just have to hold him off until Bourne can engage. Keep each other covered and don't try to be a hero."  The men scanned the entrances, weapons ready.  The tension grew unbearable.

Suddenly a shotgun roared and a chunk of drywall exploded into the kitchen.  A SWAT man went down screaming.  The rest of the team reacted smoothly and automatic weapons fire started tearing up my house.  The shotgun roared again and the screaming man went silent.  A few seconds later the firing stopped.

"Shit! How did he get inside?"

"Where is he?"

"Christ, he killed Jonesy!"  Even these professionals were rattled.  I huddled under the table with my hands covering my ears.

A crunch of glass drew everyone's attention, and then suddenly Wick was among them from the opposite direction, shotgun discarded and Glock in hand.  In close quarters the team had to worry about hitting each other, but Wick had no such qualms.  The men were in full body armor, but it didn't help as Wick targeted knees and elbows for disabling shots before finishing with a headshot through the visor. He moved with such grace and efficiency it was almost mesmerizing.  In seconds it was over and the entire team was down.

Expressionless, Wick turned towards me as he smoothly snapped a fresh magazine into his Glock.  At that moment Bourne attacked him from behind.  Wick spun as quick as a viper, but couldn't level his gun in time and only hit Bourne in the leg before they were hand to hand.

As they grappled Wick tried to line up his gun a kill shot, but Bourne was able to keep the muzzle pointing away.  Despite his injury Bourne seemed to be gaining the upper hand as Wick tried and failed to get some separation.  Meanwhile I looked around for an opportunity to escape.

After a flurry of blows Wick muttered a curse and I heard his Glock clatter across my kitchen floor.  The two men staggered apart and slowly circled, fists raised, Bourne heavily favoring his injured leg.  Wick's eyes flicked towards me just as I leveled one of the SWAT MP5s at him and pulled the trigger.  The recoil pushed my burst high, but the range was so close I hit him anyway.  There was a spray of blood and then he was gone, out of line-of-sight and retreating.

Bourne snatched the MP5 out of my hands, grabbed my shirt and stared into my eyes. "Tell me what you know!" he demanded.

"What? Nothing! What is going on?"

My ears were still ringing from the gunfire but I could hear sirens in the distance, getting closer.

"We'll figure it out later, but we have to get out of here now," Bourne said as he wrapped a kitchen towel into a makeshift bandage for his leg.

"He'll be back, and now he's pissed off."


