Her name was Kate. That was 'bout all she could remember, at least that we could trust. The rest of her memories were just the fanciful imaginings of a badly bruised head. Fugue, the doctor called it. A state of forgetting oneself, temporarily. Kate must have been out wandering for hours until she found me, on account of her blonde hair being straw-dry, and her white dress then 'bout as white as a pig been larking in the mud.

Now I know what you're thinking. You're thinking -- and quite rightly -- Henry, you shouldn't have offered to look after her, being that you don't have any experience being a father figure, or really any figure beyond being bent over in the fields. And besides, the farm's up for sale 'cause you don't have the stomach to keep fighting, eking out what's barely a living. And I'd say, you're quite right on all accounts. But it was only meant to be a temporary situation, while officer Brown hunted down her real family. 

And there was something about her, besides. 

That glint in her eye that you see looking up in the night sky, more than you do looking down at people. That smile on her lips, the likes of which I hadn't seen since my wife passed away.

So I offered. And she said ain't that just wonderful and called me her Prince Charming, which made me laugh seeing as how I smelled right then a state that would make a skunk blush. And I swear at that moment, three tiny robins flew down to the windowsill to sing me my own little song.

I didn't want her to help. Kate, that is. I wanted her to rest. To get better and remember. But she done beat me to the chickens that first morning, saying if the sun could rise early then so could she. And I'll be damned if I didn't see two of the hens roll their eggs, pushin' with their beaks, out of their wooden house and right up to her feet. She thanked them kindly as she placed them in her wicker basket.

All the animals seemed to adore her, almost much as I did. What was a chore for me seemed like talking to good friends for her. Kate drew the line at slaughter, though. Why? she asked. What did they do to us? So I sat her down and explained to her the ways of the world, and every word that slipped off my tongue seemed more evil than it ever had done previous. Economics and rearing and market places and prices. When I suggested, to lighten the mood, she talk them into suicide to save us the bother, seeing as she had such a good rapport with them, she cried and ran up the stairs, yelling that she couldn't stay in this world a momentlonger.

I cursed myself and gave her a little time before I went after her. 

She'd found her way into Charlotte's room and was standing by the never-been-used cot. Whose was it, she asked.

So I told her. "No one's."

But she persisted so I explained. Explained how my wife died in labour, as did our little angel. 

I already knew by then how delicate a soul Kate possessed, how much and how hard the realities of life seemed to hit her. So I expected maybe tears. Expected maybe her to leave my house and run back to wherever she was lost, so she didn't have to face up to those types of truths.

But she didn't. She bit her bottom lip, walked over to me, and hugged me 'bout as tight as I've ever been held. 

 "We're both lost, Henry. Both somewhere we shouldn't be. Let's help each other find our way."

 I'd love to tell you we found Kate's family, but we never did. Not that we've stopped looking altogether. Heck, I'd love to tell you we went organic, or maybe even only grew vegetables and set all the gosh-darn livestock free. But that wouldn't be realistic. We wouldn't have the money to buy bread or have new sheets for the bed or fix holes in the roof. So all I can tell you is Kate got herself a pair of wellies and learned how to use my old knife in the most humane way possible. 

She just got on with what needed doing.

And so did I, starting with taking down the sale sign. I never much liked the look of it anyway.

In the evenings, we'd laugh as we exchanged stories. Hers fantastical, mine based on experience. Mostly about my wife. Kate could never get enough of those particular stories, the ones of how we met, and our first kiss, and a million little things I'd not thought of in years and maybe never would have again. 

Kate told me matter-of-factly one evening, a few months in, that she didn't think she'd ever get back home. I asked if that made her sad. She'd looked at me a moment, then shook her head. No, she said. I belong right here.

Fugue. The state of forgetting one's self. 

Temporarily.  

Took me some time to see it, but that was never Kate's condition. Kate, you see, was lost but she always knew herself. 

It was me who'd just 'bout forgotten, the dreams the joy, the entire point of it all. And I mus' say, it sure feels nice to be reminded.


