She was sitting at one of the booths at the restaurant. When I came over to take her order.
"Have you decided yet or would you like another min?" I asked her.
"Oh." She turns to face me, that's when I see it, half her face is coved a single large scar. She does nothing to hide it. I try not to stare as she tells me her order. I jot it down on the note pad.
Green salad 
Burger - MR w/ fries
I glance at it again "do you want anything to drink with that?"
"Ummmm" she says "No, water will be fine."
I tell her the usual half truth, "I will bring your food out soon ish." As I head off would not want to be too specific, I would leave mark. Though nothing like what she must have said to end up with that.
I bring her salad out and ask " Is everything  OK with the meal so far?"
"I could use some more water, when you have the chance" she replies.
"Right away" I reply as I head off to get the water pitcher.
Her burger is done before she finishes the salad. I bring it over any way, would not want her food to be cold.
As I serve the burger I ask " Are you still eating?"
She says " no I'm done with the salad, I was just playing with it."
I take the plate and I walk a way. I don't get more than a few steps before I hear her crying behind me.
I turn around and ask "what's wrong?" before I can stop my self.
She smiles and holds up one of the kids toys that come with the childrens meals. "It reminds me of my daughter. She would have loved getting one of these."
"Oh..." I stammer, unsure what to say.
I glance at her scar again. She catches me and holds I contact.
I feel ashamed as I break eye contact and look at me feet.
"It was the only thing I could say to her." she began" That everything would be alright. What are you supposed to tell your children, that their going to die?"
She pause and breaths deeply.
What type of a mother would I be to not conform her? The shards of glass..." She breaks down crying again.
I just stand there, dumbfounded and wait. She stops crying eventually and looks at me.
"I'm sorry" she says, " but could I get the bill?"
I stand there, unsure untill some one taps me on the shoulder. I turn in a suddenly a wear that I was just standing there. It's my manager, he hands me her bill and says something, that I did not catch.
She pays her bill and leaves, and I am there left woundering, would I have done that? Could I have done that?