It was God who spoke first. Yes, the God. The God that didn't like people putting any other gods before Him.

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" He bellowed.

The gods murmured in shock at His outburst. Even the Emperor of Mankind himself seemed taken aback.

Metatron proceeded without a beat. "My Lord and honored guests, as I was saying, the being known as Logan Paul has unleashed an unspeakable calamity among the mortal realms. According to our reports," the Angel squinted at the scroll, "he raised the levels of insensitivity and incivility past the threshold from which humanity can recover. They will wipe themselves out in mass rioting within months. Additionally, the negative energy will tear a fabric in the space-time continuum and cause the universe to collapse in on itself."

Azathoth, ruler of the Outer Realms, raised a tentacle. "Excuse me," it gurgled. "How is it possible that a pissant YouTuber can end all of existence...just by being rude and insensitive?"

"Aye," chimed in the Midgard Serpent. "It's taken me centuries to encircle the world. Then this upstart comes along and threatens it all. I don't understand. Tis most vexing!"

"Not that puzzling," said the Idea of Evil. "His mere presence causes people to believe that evil exists. This in turn leads to evil manifesting in the chaotic realms and bleeding over into reality. I should know, I'm an expert on those things."

"It still doesn't make sense," replied the Serpent. "There are far greater agents of ill-will on Earth. How could this Paul character cause greater destruction than Electronic Arts and Comcast?" 

"That I do not know." The Idea quivered as it reabsorbed a soul attempting to escape its bulbous body. "He's not an agent of any power. He has no powers of any significance. He merely exists, and entropy follows."

"ENOUGH," boomed God, "WE CAN ARGUE THIS LATER. WE MUST TAKE ACTION NOW."

Metatron cleared its throat. "Yes, time is of the essence. We have come up with a Plan. My Lord has proposed a direct assault upon the mortal realms with the main objective of seizing this Logan Paul."

"Excuse me," said Apophis. "Can't you do this yourself? Why summon the rest of us to this summit?"

"We... require the help of the other Gods," came the reply. "All previous attempts to capture this demon have ended in failure. We do not know his strength and we do not know his disposition. We believe it will require many hands to succeed."

"What about his apocalypse? How will it be stopped?" asked Azathoth.

A holy light surrounded Metatron. "We will bring the full force of divine justice upon Paul and force him to reverse his wave of destruction."

The cosmic horror thought a moment. "Although I do not relish working with my rivals, the situation has become dire enough to force my hand." It slapped its tentacle on the ground. "I am in."

"Tis a dubious plan," said the Serpent. "But I know of no other alternative."

The other Gods assented and after hours of deliberation, drew up a plan to invade Earth.

Thus began the War Against Logan Paul.     