There are those who crave control, like mountain rivers crave the sea. There are those to whom the words "Dungeon Master" resound with tones of Godship and respect, with wish fulfillment. Making knowing, gleeful eye contact with me over the DM screen was just such a person, his carefully parted hair framing a slightly chubby, pale face. He'd heard about me from a player in another of his groups and reached out to me privately. 

The glee leeched instantly from his eyes as he turned to watch another player take her seat, her blonde braid tightly plaited, her friendly grin turning slightly smug as she acknowledged the DM's overpolite greeting. Josh, the DM, had a carefully organized plot, a tidy realm that was under attack by this woman, and what he needed right now was a man who reveled in chaos, a demon with utter command of the combat system. One such as myself.

"She's driving me nuts, man!" Josh had said the night before, when we'd met in secret to cook up my character sheet. "Like, I've been planning this campaign for ages and it's supposed to be a hardcore, multiple death campaign. There's supposed to be suspense, a sense of impending DOOM around every corner." He said doom like he was tolling a cathedral bell, and I struggled not to smirk. 

"But Debby, this b... girl. She keeps busting through everything like it's nothing! Even when I give up on her and target the other players, she keeps gaming the Sentinel feat to punish me. I mean the monsters, punish the monsters. It's completely ruining the tone of the campaign, she's got an answer to EVERYTHING. I'm pretty sure she had her boyfriend make her character for her or something, it's too strong. You HAVEto kill her." 

None of this was a problem, I reassured him. I told him what I needed, and he gave me everything and more. I had higher stats than point buy allowed. Obscure racial bonuses? Check. Non-playtested feats and spells? You bet. And finally, Josh gave me more magical gear than a character of my level should have even heard of in his career, let alone successfully looted. He gave me complete reign over my inventory. 

It was a quick, easy encounter at the start of the game session that introduced my character. They rescued me as a prisoner of a band of orcs, you know how it goes. Not sure why Orcs take so many prisoners all the time, when they're usually just trying to kill everything in sight. Then it was time. The party was running low on spells and we had settled down for a Long Rest to recover our strength. Most of the party declared their night time activities, which all involved sleeping and watching out for incoming monsters. 

Then Josh looked over to me, a slow grin starting to pull the corners of his lips up. "And you? Is there anything special you want to do during your watch?" He glanced quickly over at Debby then back. 

"No. Just look out for danger, then put my pack beside me and go to sleep when it's her turn."

Josh squinted, confused, "Are you sure? It'll be just you awake, for two hours..."

I looked at him and smiled reassuringly, "Yeah, you bet, that's all I need to do." 

Josh looked skeptical, but curious as to how I was going to make this work. "So Debby, your watch passes uneventfully after his does and..."

"Wait, wait. During my watch, I check the new guys pack, to learn more about who he is." She leaned her cheek against her fist, grinning at me lazily. 

"What? You can't... why...."

"I think she can... I did accidentally put it beside me, I didn't do anything special with it." I handed over my character sheet. "This is all the items that you find in the pack." 

"Okay, but that's not..." 

"Ah I see..." Debby pointed out something on the character sheet to me, for confirmation. "You really have that in there?" I had to nod. "Okay, I immediately smite him in his sleep with my Glaive. It crits forrrr... 108 damage! Nice!" 

Josh was livid at this point, standing up and sputtering, "You're part Paladin, you can't do that just because you see some nice magical items in his bags!" 
I was starting to pack away my dice at this point, as my character had just taken much more than enough damage to instantly kill him. Debby triumphantly countered "Oh, of course not. I'm killing him because he has a note in his pack from his employer, instructing him to assassinate me. Signed by some guy with the initials D.M."

I love a well crafted plot. But when a good gaming group has a misogynist tightwad, trampling on everyone's fun... well my good friend Debby made excellent use of all her new magic items for the couple of sessions before the DM flipped the table. And in my new campaign, chaos reigns supreme.  
