"Okay Gavin, here we are." I pulled up to the curb, put my new M3 in neutral, and pulled the tab to set the brake with the engine running. I stepped out, went around back and got my four year old out of his car seat. My wife works early at the hospital, and my job as a mortgage broker doesn't start until nine, so I get some of the domestic duties which is fine by me. It's great to have time with the kiddo, time I wouldn't have if I were still in my old sales job.  
  
"Have a good day at school, now." I said as I walked Gavin to the line waiting to enter the building. I saw [Kayla](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7yn2t4/wp_finally_the_ultimate_mmorpg_has_been_created/duipijq/) with her boyfriend's daughter; we both smiled and I regretted leaving the car running. I really am happily married, and she's in a good relationship as well; otherwise, well, I tried not to let my mind go there.  Hell of a nice lady; [she's a cop with the sheriff's department here](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8q14gy/wp_no_one_else_knows_but_weve_been_in_an/e0g7czf/), recently made detective.  She goes into work around nine like me, now.  
  
"Hey!"  "Hey!" But as we exchanged greetings, Mr. Mario came walking along the line of kids, smiling ear to ear.  He was the principal/head teacher here, a middle aged guy with a Chicago accent as thick as his mustache, who was nowhere near Chicago. He was simply awesome with kids, and as nice a guy as Kayla is a nice lady... But Kayla always frowned and tensed up around "Mr. Mario" as the kids called him.  I had no idea why, but I was sure that if Sophia were her own kid there's no way in hell this guy would be teaching her. Some would have a prejudice against men in this profession, yet I got the impression that wasn't the issue here.  
  
Gavin got in line, Sophia behind him; Gavin started talking to his friend Jamal in front of him. I got closer to Kayla, and lowered my voice. "What's up with Mario?  Is there something about him...?"  
  
Kayla's affect saddened. Also in a low voice, she said "The guy is phenomenal with kids, don't get me wrong. But this place isn't all it's cracked up to be.  Well it is, but it's more than that. Hey, you, me, Natalie and Paul should get together on a Saturday again. Let's have a cookout, let the kids play; I can tell you all about Mario Scuderi then."  
  
"Sounds great!  This Saturday?"  
  
"Yeah, that works. See you then!" Kayla walked back to her Chevy SS sedan (we also had a thing for cars in common), and I headed back to my idling Bimmer. She left first, as I responded to a text from my boss that she'd be in a little late that day. A loud Harley came right by me, pulling up to curb in front of my car as its rider quickly shut it off and put the kickstand down. Helmetless, he hopped off onto the grass and briskly approached a boy and his mother.  
  
"That restraining order wasn't a suggestion, Bob."  
  
"Donch you talk to me that way, you fuckin' cunt. I'm takin' Curt today."  
  
"Like hell you are..." I noticed that Mr. Mario had already almost finished hurrying all of the other kids into the building. He closed the door behind him, and hurried faster than his nearly 300 pound frame would suggest he could do with ease, yet it certainly looked easy for him.  
  
"Curtis, you go on inside." Mr. Mario said kindly. "You," he looked up to the tattooed brute, his tone still soft yet anything but friendly. "Why don't you just get outta here?"  I definitely heard a danger in that voice that "Bob" should have heard as well...  
  
...But this lovely specimen of humanity wasn't the brightest. "Mind yer own business, fuckball." He stepped towards the boy.  
  
"I'm makin' this my business." Mr. Mario got between them.  
  
"Oh.  Oh, ho. You gettin' it on with my ex, wanna play it that way? Okay asshole, you fuckin' got it..." Bob's gun came out fast, but Mario drew even faster. **CRACK! CRACKCRACK!** I'll never forget the blood flying from Bob's chest, even more out the single exit wound in his back. I'll never forget his baby mama's shrieking. But I'll *definitely* never forget four year old Curt, watching his father likely dying with a look of calm and serenity on his face. Calm, serene, and... *Relieved?*  
  
The red Chevy sedan with a Corvette engine roared back in our direction, up onto the grass, the engine dying as Kayla left it in gear as she exited with her own weapon drawn but pointed skyward.  Her other hand was dialing her phone.  "This is Deputy Murphy, I'm at Play and Learn Academy..." she rattled off the address. "...shooting, one WMA down, one WMA shooter on scene and cooperative." She shot Mr. Mario a look that said *you'd better be*. "Request medical and patrol units expedite." I heard sirens in the distance less than ten seconds later.  
  
===  
  
My wife Natalie, Kayla and I stood outside the hospital room, watching Bob, in his hospital gown and two full sleeves of tattoos, handcuffed to the bed, as he came awake and began to talk to the twenty-two year old corrections officer from the county jail who stood by his bed. "What? *WHAT?!*  Fuck you asshole, that greaseball shot me, GET ME THE FUCK OUTTA HERE..." Kayla closed the door with an eye roll.  
  
"The preschool's business isn't as good as its books make it look." Kayla explained. "It's a money laundering operation for the Outfit."  
  
Mr. Mario walked up the hall just then, again faster than his girth suggested. "He doesn't sound happy," the preschool teacher, and apparently mobster chuckled in his meaty voice.  
  
Kayla adopted a sassy tone, to mask her scorn. "Mister Scuderi here doesn't have any felony convictions, nor any domestic violence, and my department duly issued him a concealed carry permit. The lovely gentleman in there most certainly *does* have felony convictions, and another felony weapons charge against him just for having a gun at all... Which will be the first one the D.A. drops, of course."  
  
The young looking woman I knew to be in her early thirties and on her second career paused, and turned both serious and sincere. "Paul was right, though. Our kids couldn't be safer. Thank you, Mario." She extended her hand. He took it, and Kayla then took him in a light embrace and planted a peck on his cheek. "I'll put your ass away if I have to, but if I ever have a kid of my own I want them in your class K through twelve."  
  
We left the hospital, looking forward to our barbecue on Saturday, but I was honestly looking forward more to getting home and into the Nexus, where I'd think of my life with Natalie and Gavin in the early 21st Century as "the Nexus."  Reality isn't always clear.