Death comes to everyone, from the lowest beggar, dying in a forgotten alley, to the kings high in their castles, surrounded by physicians, desperately trying to fend off the inevitable. For when it is time no lock will deny entry, no mortal can even come close to challenge the reaper. 

Few even dare, or want, for the kiss of death is gentle, like a lovers embrace. It takes off the burden of the world from shoulders straight and slumped. To die means to be free, to be free to pass on, to a better life. Some try to fight, out of fear for judgement, some fight because they try to prolong their life. Yet none ever succeeded, and this one will not be the first.

The hooded figure looked down upon the man before it, slumped, the last breath crystallizing in the cold mountain air, the blond hair, once bearing the crown of a king, now covered in glittering ice. There is no reaction yet, but death is patient. It is omnipresent, so there is no hurry. Some souls take longer than others, some pass on immediately. This one though…

The specter slowly rises, in the simple clothing of a drifter, a wanderer, weapons on his side, as ghostly as he is now. A hand is slowly lifted, a smile follows. “So I meet you. I must say, I didn’t expect to be the last to pass.” A hint of sorrow in the voice that once charmed millions. “But you are here to collect? To bring me to the final judgment?” 

The cloak of darkness moves under a laughter unhearable, words are spoken, and yet only silence reigns. For death only speaks to those it reaps. 

The deceased one understands, and slowly nods. “He, should have expected that. Different responsibilities and such.” His hand caresses his sword on his side. “I must say, no option sounds really pleasant…”

The silence of death reigns, the moment after a shot hit it’s mark, the moment when the last heartbeat fades away. Overwhelming, all encompassing.

A dry chuckle raises from the throat of the man. “Understandable, you need to do your duty afterall. Though, would it be possible for me to learn of his choice?” The voice carries just the smallest hint of longing, as a winning smile tries to pierce the dark hood.

A movement under the long cloak, an arm of sun bleached bone appears holding an ancient scythe. As a second arm appears, the scythe is slowly raised, the specter can’t help but wonder, on how… practical the tool seems, for it is but that, an ancient farming tool, tempered by countless years of use, no pomp, no ornaments, only ancient wood, and sharp steel. 

The man slowly nods. “I understand, it wouldn’t change much.” The faintest smile plays around his mouth, before he nods, with a certain solemn dignity. “Well. the choice is really mine. But.” His hand grips his sword. “I will not be judged, not for fear, but nobody judges me besides myself!” The spectral sword flashes and in a mighty strike cuts through the air.

Moments later a piece a metal hits the ground, a specter starts fading. Split from shoulder to waist, the two parts quickly disappear. Leaving but one being. A choice befitting the man, proud even after death, assured of himself. The hooded figure stays, for a while, before attending to other duties.
