"Mr. Cooper?"

"Can I help you?" I asked. A man was walking towards me as I made my way towards the elevator leaving upstairs for my office. 

"You've been served," he replied, wiping out an envelope with my name on it. I could hardly say I was surprised, things between Sarah and myself had been going south since Claire was born, but that she'd finally bit the bullet. The corner of my lip twinged as I took the summons, and we parted ways. 

I missed the elevator because of that. 

An additional five minutes managed to get me up to my office, only to find my first client of the day cancelled, and my ten o'clock waiting with a sour look on his face. 

"Mr. Copper, I'm sorry, but Mr. Doster says he has to speak with you."

Kevin was clearly distraught, so I took him off to the conference room I shared with the other partners. 

"Listen, Jack, I hate to be this way, but I found it. Liz has been cheating on me." He dropped an envelope of photos on the table, some of which spilled out. 

"Well we've all got our problems," I muttered. It took me a moment before I realized what I said, and I looked up from my briefcase expectantly. "I'm sorry Kevin. I know things are tough, but I've got your back. I'll get the paperwork drawn up, and we will meet her in court."

Kevin nodded, shook my hand, and left. He'd been looking for some kind of support, and I'd been an ass. I needed to call him later. 

I was rubbing my forehead when Jen knocked on the door. 

The migraine spot was starting to tingle. 

"Jack, we just got a call. Michael just got thrown out of the Anderson case. The judge threw him out for contempt."

Yep. That migraine was coming. 

I breathed a deep sigh and nodded, "Alright, bring me the files Anderson case files. I'll look through them before lunch."

"Um... this is it." She put a thin folder on my desk. She must've seen my jaw drop, "I'm not sure what Eric did we the files. This is all that's still here. He must have the rest at home."

"Oh for fu-..."

I cut myself off. You couldn't say that. Not here. Not now. 

"It's not even nine yet..." I grumbled, "Mind getting me a coffee?"

She lowered her head a bit, looking over her glasses, "We're actually out. My order hasn't come in yet."

"Now, I know you didn't just say that..."

I had a pen in my hand. I wasn't sure where it had come from, nor that I'd begun to pull my files from my briefcase, and just as instinctively I got to my feet and walked out. 

Five minutes back to the lobby, stopping half a dozen times, and out I went. I left my jacket upstairs, probably sitting on the back of the chair, and it was December in New York. This was just fantastic. Get your head together, Jack. At least there was a Starbucks less than half a mile in any direction. So I walked. By the time I got anywhere my toes were ready to fall off, and of course there was a line. One step closer, one step closer, another and another. 

"What can I get for you?"

"Large coffee, shot of espresso."

"Grande or Venti?"

My lip twitched again. 

"Venti."

Back outside, coffee in hand, I marched back to the office. I hate buying coffee. Six bucks and they spell my name "Mack". 

I got back into the lobby, the elevator was on floor thirty two steadily rising, so I too a sip. Espresso only helps when it ends up in your stomach, not spilling down your shirt. 

"Oh, for fuck's..." I began. Guess I should've tightened the lid. A twinge of anger framed my face as I slammed the cup into the trash, just in time for the second elevator door to make it down. I stared at it for a moment before heading back upstairs. I was starting to see why suicide was so popular around the holidays. 

The day went out like normal. I changed shirts with a spare I kept in my office, went over the Anderson file I had, and raided the fridge. I was already getting tired of Monday's leftovers, but there were a few sandwiches from yesterday's office luncheon. I spent the afternoon nursing my headache before heading out to the courthouse. I had two appointments on the docket. My three o'clock went smoothly, but my four-thirty... well, I don't get hosed in the courtroom often. I also don't take cases I don't think I can win. 

I went back to the office for a short time, until my phone rang. 

"Daddy?"

"Hey sweetie, how was soccer practice?"

"Fine. Listen, my car won't start. Lindsey's mom said she'll take me to their house since it's on your way home. Is that ok?"

Oh, for fu-. That was the second time this month! 

"Sure, sure. Pizza?"

"It's Tuesday. Duh."

"Ok sweetie, I'll leave at five and grab dinner and see you after that."

"Sounds great! Love you day!"

"Love you too..." I replied, though I was sure she didn't hear me. She was already laughing away with her friends. 

It wasn't five minutes later before the name Sarah appeared on my caller ID. I almost started not to answer it, but I felt I better keep things civil. Right away, as soon as I clicked the little green answer button, my ears were assaulted by her voice. It was grating, more so than it had ever been. She started talking about Claire's car and custody agreements and every little fucking thing she could possibly fit into that ten minute phone call. Finally I said I had to go and clicked end. I wasn't sure she'd even heard me past her own incessant ramblings, but my head was pounding to hard for me to care. 

Finally, I grabbed my keys, and head down and out. I tossed my briefcase and jacket in the trunk, and moved to the drivers side of the car. My door was dented. Probably the asshole in the Beamer who liked to edge into my parking space. I mean it had my damn name on it. 

I hopped in the car and left before my pot boiled over. I called in a pizza after wading through traffic, stopped and grabbed it once I was well out of town, and headed home. Should've checked it before I left. The smell hit me after I was a few minutes down the road. I stopped at an intersection, and took that opportunity to open the lid. Claire's half was right, pepperoni, simple and easy. My side, however, was filled with the overwhelming sight of onions. Never mind the smell, the consistency of those bastards was enough to make my stomach curl. I almost threw the damn thing out the window. My car was going to smell like this for a week. 

Fighting the frustration, I set off again when the light turned green, but then it happened. My phone lit up, the screen flashing bright with the name "Pizza Hut."

"Rachel?" I asked, picking up the phone. 

"Hey Jack, look... there's something I need to tell you. I'm late..." 

In that moment, my heart stopped. My brain stopped. Every instinct I had was thrown out the window. My mouth opened, and the words came out on their own. 

"Oh for fucks sake..."

The last thing I felt was the collision of a pick-up truck that jumped the median and hit me head on. 

