Cold………. Cold! I yelled again as one of my colleagues asked me what I was feeling and tried to make out what I was saying as he began the first stages of the procedure. He laughed and smiled as they all stood watching how I reacted to each stage. You see, this was never supposed to happen, well not like this anyway. During the first few short tests we skipped the sedative and just did runs maybe two to three hours long to see how well the process worked. Every time I was conscious, but I knew that in at least some form I would be. 

Now during the final run, I awaited that familiar feeling of the drug coursing through my IV and sending me to a deep slumber. The experiment lead had been an anesthesiologist early in his career and assured me that after I received the meds I would wake up at the end of the experiment just like I had only been out for a minute or two. To be honest, I was not nervous at all. After going through the first few tests I was confident in the procedure and had nothing to worry about. I could hear the chatter outside the chamber, muffled by the hiss of the coolant as they initiated stage two. I began to feel the telltale tingling in my arms, legs and then my chest. I knew we were close. 

I began to hear the hiss of the infusion pump pushing the sedative through my IV. I waited….and waited and still nothing. It was then that I realized that something was wrong. I could very slightly feel the temperature difference the fluid was making as it ran down the palm of my hand from the area where my IV was located. “Crap” I thought “the IV must have come out or the connector got loose”. I started to yell through the glass, “hey” I yelled, then “hey” again…No response. “They can clearly see me what’s going on?” I thought. Just then, the final stage started. I could feel the icy then oddly warm sensation in my body and the rush of silence as the final stage stopped. I guess what I considered yelling was the equivalent of a newborn kitten’s meow for the people outside the chamber. In fact, I was not yelling at all. The problem was as they prepped for the third and final stage, the coolant that rushed into the chamber for the most part masked my weak attempt to communicate. The fact that the infusion pump was successful in releasing the medication kept an alarm from being raised. Through the window I could see them observing my state. They were taking notes and watching my vitals. Shortly after, each of them said a few things and gave me a kind goodbye. 

Although I couldn’t feel the movement I could see it. Light after light as we moved down the long corridor to the room I knew they were taking me. In my mind I was screaming but, I was silent. I observed as we passed through the doors and they eased the chamber into its permanent spot.
I kept trying to scream or move or do at least something that would get their attention. Something that would let them know that I was awake. 

Nothing, that’s what was supposed to happen. I was supposed to feel, see and hear nothing. But I watched day after day as the lab assistants would come in and go out with their tablets, observing what I assumed were my vital signs. I did not sleep, I only experienced short periods of what I assumed were the equivalent of day dreams.
Boredom was an understatement. The most excitement was watching a maintenance guy fix a light or a lab tech talking to themselves. As the time dragged by, I watched doctors and assistants grow older and then eventually be replaced by someone else. I tried to keep track in my mind of the time that had passed and every now and then I could see the date on someone’s device or hear them talk about a holiday or vacation. As time went on, the visits from the lab assistants grew shorter and shorter until finally they stopped. I stood staring at a dimly lit room, no activity no sound. I thought to myself “is this it? Did I die? Did they lose interest?” I had lost all track of time and between diminishing of the day dreams and the lack of any activity outside my chamber I was going mad. Suddenly the lights in the room went out. I could see the dim glowing of the “exit” sign above the main door. I stared at that exit sign and watched as it grew dimmer and dimmer until finally the light was gone.

The total darkness stretched on forever. Eventually I began to stop thinking all together. I know it sounds weird, but I literally stopped thinking. I had pretty much pondered everything, thought about every point in my life that I could remember, and the day dreams grew less and less.
It was then that the door swung open. The main entrance to the storage area swung open and a blinding ray of light shined through. I could see nothing but the light, but I could hear steps. The light began to scan around the room as if the person was looking for something. As they got closer I could make out that they were in what appeared to be some sort of environmental suit. After a few moments of prodding around a second person entered the room, then a third.
The third guy carried a small case and sat it down on the instrument panel. I watched him poke and prod under the panel as the others observed the room. I could hear the faint murmur of them talking but I could not make out what was being said. I watched as the third guy tapped buttons on his case, making the instrument panel light up below it. They all three gathered around. One of them opened the front of his helmet. “My God, he’s still alive” the first words I clearly heard in who knows how long. I watched as one by one they removed their helmets and began discussing what they should do.
“What should we do?” the third guy said. “I don’t know, how the hell do we open this thing up anyway?” one of the others retorted. 
I watched as the first guy angrily tapped buttons on the case…. the panel immediately went dim. He looked at the other two and barked “Listen, we were ordered to observe the condition on the surface and then return. We were not given permission to bring anything back and if they find out that we were poking around in buildings were in trouble.” The first guy walked out of the room, followed by the second “Let’s go man, before he loses it again”. The third walked up to my chamber and stared me in the eyes “sorry man” he whispered as he turned to join the others. I watched as the light grew dimmer and dimmer in the hall, my mind racing as I was once again swallowed by the darkness.
