A figure clad in a rugged, brown trench coat steps through the dimly lit corridor, the old, worn boards creaking beneath his sturdy leather boots. Just behind the huge door at the end of the hallway, the only other person in the building--who is alive--groans.

He licks his lips, anticipating the thrill that he has sought for a long time. With dramatic flair, he opens the door and sees his soon-to-be victim, tied with many yards of thick rope to a old dusty chair. A tiny trail of blood trickled down the forehead of his prey. 

“Oh no, you’re bleeding,” says the mysterious man. “Don’t fret. I’ll fix your boo-boo for you.”

He pulls a needle and a spool of red thread out of his coat pocket and approaches the woman on the chair. She starts struggling in a fit of desperation, an vain attempt to avoid what will happen next. 

The man barks, “Now hold still!” 

He shoves her against the wall next to a grimy furnace, its faintly burning coals the only source of light in the room. Some of the chains hanging from the ceiling dangle with the resultant breeze in the room, unburdened by the corpses of previous victims hanging from the hooks of the remaining chains. Red stitches adorn every single one, some forming inscriptions. He saunters toward her, his boots clopping on the cold, stone floor.

She furiously sways side-to-side but the ropes, too thick and tight, made her attempt all for naught. Lowering her head and facing the ground, she resigns herself to defeat. The man chuckles, crouching down, so he can look her in the eye.

“You silly girl, there was no hope of you ever escaping,” the man uttered. “I’ve killed twenty people. You really think you, victim number twenty-one, can do what twenty people before have failed to do?”

He stands up and sighs. “At least you will make a good canvas for my next work of art.”

Out of his other coat pocket, he pulls a knife and holds it right below her eyes. The blade, coated with dry blood, surprisingly shined, even in the dim lighting of the room. She could even see her reflection.

It stared back with abject horror of what is next. She whimpers. 

“Don’t worry,” he chuckles. “I’m not going to kill you.”

She looks up, her big eyes glinting as if there is still a tiny sliver of hope that she will live to see another day. The serial killer smiles at her, not a smug and snide grin, but a comforting one.

He bursts out in laughter while pacing around the room. “You really thought I would let you live? I would rather die than get arrested because I made the stupid mistake of letting one victim go. No, I’m going to make the last moments of your life as miserable as possible. Maybe I’ll be satisfied, maybe I won’t.”

As he strolls, she slides a plastic lighter out of her pants pocket and flicks it, igniting the rope.

He stops, then slaps his forehead. “I just realized. I forgot my pumpkin carving knife. I need that so I can carve you a couple new orifices. You need those so we can have fun later.”

The serial killer dashes out of the room not a second too late. If he left later, he would have smelled the smoke of the ember filling the room. The lady covers the flame with her hand, starving it of oxygen, snuffing it out. She smiles.

“Now I have the upper hand,” she mutters. 

Her right arm breaks free of the rope with ease and grabs the lighter. She repeats with the other side, burning the ropes around her left arm. When the last bit of thread burnt, the lady stands up from the chair, careful not to make a sound.

“You made a mistake, leaving a lighter in the room earlier,” she whispers so softly, almost just mouthing it. “And now the tables have turned.”

The ceiling creaks as the serial killer roamed upstairs. She paid it no mind though. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees a dead police officer with a M&P9 still in the blood-soaked Velcro holster. She grins.

The serial killer heads back down the stairs into the hallway, whistling “Country Roads” while wiping his carving knife with a dirty, tattered washcloth. This time around, a revolver now dangles from his belt. He thought he heard something earlier in the basement when he found the knife and he didn’t want to allow any possibility of escape.

Gripping the pistol, the woman flicks the safety and thumbs the magazine release. With her left hand, she catches the magazine as soon as it dropped out. Five bullets, she reckons. Pocketing the mag, she pulls the slide back. No jams and no bullet already chambered. The slide snaps back. She quickly reinserts the magazine and racks the slide. 

At the other end of the hallway, loud footsteps start echoing.

She gasps, then rushes to the side and takes cover behind a tall, dusty shelf.

With a loud crunch--the wood splintering and cracking--the door falls through the frame and onto the floor. The murderer slowly leans through the door frame, checking the left corner.
A yellow spark lights up the darkness, a gunshot echoes through the room and the corridor, a bullet casing falls on the floor, and he falls onto the floor, a jet of blood spurting from his left shoulder blade. He reflexively tries to stop the bleeding with his hands. The woman double taps and runs out of the room.

A gray leaderboard window pops up in the air. Highlighted in blue next to the number one is a username with twenty-one kills to the right. The leaderboard disappears and the woman walks right out of the house she was trapped in for the last few days, holding her M&P9 in a low ready position.

“Winner, winner, chicken dinner.”
