It took me a while. Ha, maybe I'm understating it. Four million twenty six thousand and 3 days. Eleven thousand and thirty years. Fuck. What would happen when I finished? I looked up at the behemoth structure I had built, admiring my audacity. Like a giant fly swatter, it stood. Facing the sun that never fell, carrying with it the hopes and dreams of a time ravaged mind.

The first few years had been fun. Time had frozen a day before the meteor was predicted to strike. People took the news better than I had expected, only a few looters, most people went along with their lives as if nothing was happening. Sometimes it can be hard to upset the status quo. With a message of hope riding on my arms, I flew free. Running around town, enjoying the finer things in life. I ate at every fine restaurant in New York for three months. All the food had been frozen at the right temperature, so succulent, so perfect. I used to like food.

The first millenia I- I don't recall. A thousand years of life, and I don't even remember. Most of it was probably spent in panic. I think it took me decades to find the spectroscopic analysis of the ball. Talcum powder. The same shit used in rouge. Fucking dry wall was going to end the world. I doubt the TV coverage mentioned that information....

The second and third millenia were perhaps my most productive. I built probably a dozen massive projects, all aimed at blowing the damn thing apart. None of them ever launched. Time just kept.... timing.

Eventually I went mad. London doesn't exist anymore. I called myself god and smote the wicked. London bridge fell. 

Eventually I turned to Bhuddism. I meditated everywhere, even under a bodhi tree. For a while I found enlightenment. Unfortunately the enlightened mind wasn't made to last forever. 

Five thousand years ago I rediscovered my task. I built the world a giant net. My goal was to blast through the talcum, dispersing it into a fine cloud. I had built a fleet of ships, all designed to collect the talc, clean our environment of the inevitable fallout. This would work I told myself. This was the end.