God looked around. Well I say it say "looked" but when your dealing with the metaphysical abstraction of its terrifying eyeless gaze it is probably best to use nursery level concepts such  as look. You know that "What we observe; we change" thing? Take a moment and try to think what the implications of that might be for an Omniscient and Omnipotent being. Yep. Augustine never saw that coming did he?  

"It's all so ... trim...?...", they ventured.

"Aye. Once I'd removed it the gears seemed tae just mesh properly again. Noo yer orbits make sense, dark matter equates, entropy is pretty much within oor complete control." , 

God shifted uneasily. A million quantum probabilities collapsed across reality. A million quantum probabilities set themselves up.

"It's certainly more relatable as a plane of exsitance, I'll give you that. You can really feel comfortable asking big questions here without worrying about some self titled academic giving a half a day lecture about what the answer **isn't** and then get all smug that he doesn't know the answer..." 

Hamish glanced sideways as God trailed off despondently. Black holes died in clutches at the heart of the Milky Way.

"Ye used tae like messing with them, aye?", grinned Hamish.

God's shoulder hiccuped and their eyes twinkled. Untold horrors unfolded in a million civilizations.

"Well Big....Yin....", Hamish caught himself, "It was an oversight, but it's been remedied noo."

"Even the Humans...they look so .. slim now...", God pondered.

"Aye, they'd been carryin' around that extra reality for, well, forever. Stuff fit's now. It's no longer got those grains of sand in the gears, the timings right in the engine, the scales are balanced, verily I say unto.....", Hamish stopped and glanced across at God.

God Coughed, "Sorry about that, people tend to get a bit preachy around me."

"Once again Lord, no apologies necessary. We've been over this. It was an oversight. Hell, ye couldnae even call it an oversight; on paper it was solid. But now we've remedied it we can see that it was wrong. Clearly."

"You'r right of course. And the children will be happier of course."

"The children?." , puzzled Hamish.

"School, Hamish! Math, Hamish! So much simpler for gemoetry and trig."

"That's true! Good catch, I never thought of that."

"All this time, that extra .14 blah blah blah...that was the true adversary...."

"No need to get despondent Lord. It's done, fixed, amended and sealed. It's 3. Same as your Trinity eh?", Hamish nudged him jovially in the ribs as Gas clouds ripped apart across the stellar void.

"Yeah", murmured God, "Yeah just like that. Just like that."

