A sense of dread washes over me, forcing me awake. I sit up to find myself abed, in a humble room that seems familiar in a distant sort of way. My skin is clammy, covered in a thin layer of cold sweat. In my head I hear a faint whisper calling to me as if from across a hundred different worlds all at once, the message is short and cryptic: "Golz." A name, and nothing more. My name, it would seem. My memory filled in the missing pieces and was able to ascertain that much, but nothing more. I can remember my name and absolutely nothing else. I climb out of the bed, accidentally knocking a book to the floor that was in the bed next to me. Had I been reading it the night before, perhaps? I couldn't even remember the night before, or anything else about my life before this very moment, for that matter. I pick up the book and carry it over to the desk with me, grabbing an oil-lamp that I might be able to read its title in this darkness. The Possibility and Challenges of Time Travel in the World as we Know it, by one Arch-Mage Yndarus. On the desk I spot a few pages of hastily scribbled notes, alchemical formulae and magical ratios. I see that I have several pages devoted exclusively to the mana-to-memory ratio, whatever that might be.  Time Travel. Magic. These words spurred something in my mind, made my mind feel as though it wanted to remember something about my predicament but simply could not do so. The aforementioned sense of dread strikes me once again, choking me. I don't know where I am, how I came to be here, or anything else about myself other than the fact that my name is Golz, but I know something is wrong. I can feel it. Right on cue, I hear a woman's voice crying out in the distance, from another room. Not far, from the sound of it. She cries out again, calling my name this time. Thank the gods I have enough of my wits left about me to recognize that much, at least. 


I stumble across the bedroom that must have been mine and its cold stone floors, making my way into the torch-lit hall and following the sound of the woman's voice. After tackling the door open, I find myself in the mystery woman's room. Another thing I find: I am too late. A beautiful young female with eyes like sapphires and skin the color of vibrant mahogany lie sprawled on the floor in front of me, unmistakably dead. No sign of a perpetrator except for an ornate dagger stuck in her chest and a conspicuously open window in the corner letting in a horrible draft. I run to her, fall to my knees before her, but I don't know why. I can feel my robes getting soaked by the pool of blood that is slowly spreading from the empty vessel that was a woman just moments before. I know that a great tragedy is unfolding before my eyes, but I can't understand it well enough to feel its true impact. It feels like a scene from one of my books, and that infuriates me. The tears come, unbidden, painting a portrait of ruin across my face. I don't know why I'm crying and that only makes it worse. I do not know her well enough to mourn her, and yet I mourn her all the same. "I must have loved you very much," I tell the dead woman as I gently close her eyes for the last time, marking her transition from this world to the next. 


"You did," answers a broken voice that comes from behind me. I turn to gaze upon a face that I immediately recognize as my own, despite the differences: the withered facial hair, the way the years had inflicted it with wrinkles, the unmistakable accumulation of grief behind my stony eyes. I face my alternate self with a hesitent sense of hazy understanding, as if I was starting to understand exactly what it was that I did not understand, and I was starting to know what it was that was unknown. 


"It would seem I failed, then, whatever the task may have been that I set for myself. Go on, then, Golz. You've obviously had more time to prepare than I did. The book you must be here for is in my room. Get it right this time. Succeed where I have failed."