I walked through the open outdoor market, glancing about the stalls. I had purchased quite foolishly organic jam made from peaches. I wasn't quite sure why I had done so, but I decided if I was going make a sandwich I should have more than forks at my new place.

There we go. A hand painted sign said,

Magic Cutlery

There was an oddly dressed old man with a long beard trying to sell what looking like an actual cauldron. He had a young assistant as well manning the register.

Huh looked like gag stuff for a kitchen. Looking down at what was supposed to be Poseidon's Trident but was really just a set of oddly shaped forks.

Near some plates shaped like shield was a stone well, more a chunk of rock really, with various knives sticking out of little wooden sheaths placed into it.

I pulled a few of sharper ones out, seems pretty fine. One of them didn't have a sheath though it was just placed in the rock.

'Shine'

How odd, I pulled it out just to make sure but it was just a butter knife with some Tolken looking runes on the handle. Still it should spread organic jam just fine.

I walked over to the bored looking kid and asked him if I could have the set.

"100 dollars"

'Tap tap tap' went my foot as I just glared at him.

"50 bucks."

Well that's just nonsense, one of these is missing the little toy sheaths, half price?

"...30 bucks"

Sold! With a 'slap' of the cash into his waiting hand.

Happy with my new found set of knives, I walked away. Not hearing the terrible berating as the old man asked just who the hell got the knife set.

...

A few days later I was baking bread when it happened, I grabbed my new butter knife to check to see if it had cooked through and I stabbed it into my counter... my solid stone counter...

What the hell?

...


After some experimentation I realized a few things.

One this new butter knife of mine never got dirty.

Two it could cut through anything.

Three when my neighbor's dog started barking and I glared at it through the window. A bright flash came from my hand and blinded the dog.

It was clear to me now..

I was developing super powers!

Perhaps this knife was my radio active spider? I resolved to keep it near my at all times so that my powers would develop faster.

...

I was beginning to think I was being stalked, that old man kept showing up at odd places. Hiding behind newspapers and such, which was even weirder because I've never seen someone actually read a paper in public like that. Generally people hide their shame not flaunt it.

Also whenever I went near a body of water I felt like I was being leered at...
I stopped going to the local pool after that.

'Fwoosh gurgle'

I drew a hot bath since I missed getting into the hot tub at my buddies house last week. I swear if that old man was watching my swim, I'd stick my knife in his foot.

I put my knife on the edge of the tub before I stripped to my boxers. I turned to look in the mirror and knocked it into the water.

'Splosh'

Damn, well I just have to be careful when I get in, or I'll cut my foot. I turned to the mirror to start shaving when I felt that presence again.

Was he in my house now?

I turned to get my trusty knife, and-WHAT THE HELL!

WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?

Actually forget that,
WHY ARE YOU NAKED!

"I am here to proclaim you King of the Britons" said the completely naked woman who teleported into my bathtub.

What?!

"It is by Divine Providence that I am here to hand you Excalibur." She repeated with the same demure tone as if I wasn't yelling in surprise.

I asked her who she was as she held my knife between her... bosom.

"I am the Lady of the Lake." She repeated in complete sincerity

Listen you... you watery tart, I just want my knife back. I'm no king.

"But you are my liege, the new King." She pressed her arms together and lifted my knife once again drawing attention to her-

'Bang'

'Step step step'

'Bang!'

"Now see here you moistened bint! I got here first and I'm going to proclaim him King." Yelled the long bearded old man from before only this time he was carrying a walking stick.

He took in the scene before him and was immediately enraged.

'Creak' when the still open bathroom door as the kid walked in

Old guy started sputtering, I started making denials when his... grandson? walked fully into the room and saw me in my boxers, one hand held out towards a naked woman in a tub, and the other fending off his grandfather in board shorts waving his knobby cane around.

I guess this is my life now?



