When I was young and some of my classmates failed a test, I was always confused. The teacher had lighted all the right answers, how could they have possibly failed?!

It took some digging and some experimentation, having one of my friends hand write a multiple choice quiz right in front of my eyes on a piece of loose leaf paper, before I realized what was...off about my perception. 

The sloppily written question- What was the name of the well that Kagome Higurashi fell down? A.) The Demon's Well B.) The Bone Eater Well C.) Inuyasha's Well or D.) Other.

The second B was written, a line was drawn through it, as if some unseen hand had pulled a pink marker over the words even as the answers C and D were being made.

My...power seemed to grow as I aged. What had been a simple multiple choice answer cheat became fully formed answers, which I traced over on my tests. When I was called in on class, words danced before my eyes, appearing and disappearing as I spoke them. I won a high school oratory award on a subject I never studied, holding pages of paper without a single word printed on them and standing in front of an audience that hung off my every word as while I recited the speech that floated in front of my eyes.

Even my social cues had become mapped out. Like an RPG or dating sim, I had planned out responses for nearly everything. Well...not really, I had responses for absolutely *everything*, nothing 'nearly' about it.

For lack of a better term, I had a cheat sheet for life. 

I waltzed through my entire high school and university careers without ever opening a book, I had two girlfriends and a boyfriend at the same time, and when they all found out about each other, I talked my way through it and into a weekend of the best sex of my life with three extraordinarily beautiful people passing me around like a joint at a high school party, ending with a unanimous agreement to an open relationship with all four of us.

I was a young 26 year old guy with absolutely everything a 26 year old could want, a house, a gathering fortune thanks to choosing the right stocks and investments, a life of luxury and ease...

So, as I sat in the distant corner booth of some no name Chinese restaurant in downtown wherever the fuck I am, I find myself thinking...*Why is it so boring? Why is life so boring?*

I had gotten everything I could ever want or need, absolutely effortlessly. My power had grown, I didn't even have to think anymore. Menu's opened up and I chose my answers, and each answer had a 0 to 100% rating on them. One of the waitresses came up to me, asking if I needed anything, and the menu showed me a mess of Chinese letters. I chose the one with 99% tacked onto it, and the words came flowing out, fluent and perfect mandarin. She looked shocked, but smiled, giggled, nodded and left.

She came back with a plate of food, and her phone number written on a napkin.

I leave as soon as I'm done, not even taking the napkin with me.

I wander through the streets, lost in a daze as people milled around me. After all I've earned, all this fortune and success...I'm still unhappy.

I'm walking past a bridge, and sickly, disgusting river water flows beneath me, a quiet, dull, rushing sound in comparison to the pounding foot traffic and a thousand tourists.

A menu opens up to me.

Keep walking: 100%
Jump: -100%

A negative? I'd never seen a negative before...

Without thinking, I choose. 

Without thinking, I clamor over the guard rail.

Without thinking, I jump.

.o.o.o.o.o.o.

For infrequent updates, more stories and a cleaner version of this at a later date, please visit my blog. :)

https://dellamacdonaldwriting.wordpress.com