A laggard. That's what they called him. They sniggered and gave him a token position. He'd left earth for this? To push a broom and get laughed at because he didn't have genetic modification 33ab that let him integrate with the onboard communication systems of the system. 

The doctors said they didn't have the tech to update him here. They offered to send him back to earth for upgrades in 200 years, but then they realized that he didn't have the required telomere extensions to live that long, so they just offered him Hero-lite* (TM) - a non addictive heroin substitute administered via patch. 

Frank did a hell of a lot of Hero-lite. On his many hours spent sweeping and tidying up, a task not automated due to fear of the AI becoming unhinged by the monotony of it all, Frank remembered the parades, the beautiful women, the glory, and the science. 

Now frank saw only people with green skin, human albeit heavily sculpted bodies, and a whole bunch of science that made no sense to him. Turns out he didn't have  the Starbucks enhancement Gene 115-ab89 which allowed the comprehension of higher level physics without causing aneurysms. 

Frank didn't mind certain things. The sex robot made of flexible flesh like jelly that crawled out of it's tube each night and made startlingly realistic love to him before slinking away didn't bother him. The food synthesizer that he was able to 'hack' into making cheese burgers after months of trial and error made things easier. 

Not much bothered Frank Except for the fact he felt how a Neanderthal in the face of the homosapien. These people were just better, smarter, more healthy, more full of hope and optimism than what he'd left. He'd left a world full of decay, ruin, and war. He left the world with the idea in his head that he alone could save the human race's legacy. Turns out the he left a few years too early. 10 years into his 100 year space journey, much of which he spent a meat popsicle in his cryotube, a scientist named Eli Roberts discovered matter replication. 

With a flick of a switch suddenly the environment, on the brink of collapse became pristine. Trash became food, and water wine. The concept of work quickly fell out of fashion, and people it turns out didn't go mad. They worked at science, and art and culture. They made and raised children. 

Sure there were a few years in there with a lot of violence but after that all shook out the human race moved on to what it really could be. 

So Frank swept his floors, and fucked his fleshy goo, and ate his cheeseburgers, alone, but at the same time a smile never quite left his face at the irony of it all. 