"Everyone keeping up okay? Check your gear, there's an expanse ahead and..." Serena stops short, there's a squint of pain that washes over her.

"Are you okay, chief? Look a little paler than usual." from her old friend John Redcloud as he winds another rope into a bundle. "You hungry or anything?" 

"No. I'm fine. Just felt something weird, little breeze or something. I'll be fine in a minute." Serena aims a light down the stone cut corridor. The expanse was not far ahead, but on the other side something seemed off. "Okay everybody! We're gonna need some bolts and hangers, get a line across and bring everyone across one at a time. I'll lead." Serena starts to head down the corridor, she feels the push again. 'This isn't right.' She says to herself, but ignores it. Sometimes the old senses get a little jumpy if the caves go under a building or a rod. 

The group crosses the gap with little incident, a bolt was loose, but never a threat. The corridor gives way to a wall, the wall runs to a tight tube. They all shuffle and grunt and squeeze. 

After a few hours of growling and shoulder shuffles and scraped faces, a monstrous cavern with a large cliff they were crawling on to opened up as they exited the tube. The cliff that they came out to was large enough for a camp site. It had been hours. The team was getting fatigued and it showed. The cliff side was a long drop to the base of the cavern. "Okay everybody! We'll stop here for sleep and eat. Plan our way down. Get some rest." And they broke camp, there. 

Serena sits on the edge of the cliff, muttering to herself. John sits down next to her with a canteen and protein bar. "You want this or you gonna say no again?" 

"huh?"

"You gonna eat or what?"

"Oh! um, yeah. I mean no! Maybe later? You scared the crap out of me! We talked about this." She stammered and stuttered through her words and grabbed the protein bar and bit it in half. Chewing loudly at him, "just working out the climb down. It's a pretty shear drop, not many hand holds for you guys, uh, us." The feeling was pressing against her more, now, like a pressure on her face, like sinuses filling from allergies. Her words were slipping, she was getting uncertain. This strange feeling wasn't going away this time. "Go lay down for a while. Get some rest, I'll lay down soon, John. I promise."

The hours were hollow, the cavern grew into a void, her eyes hurt squinting to see the other side, her hands trembled, she thought she saw something move, shadows stretched and leaned in the lantern light. She felt unwell. And in a rare moment, she slept in the presence of others. This old feeling was strange indeed.

Serena awakened to the dings and clangs of gear being readied and light chatter and laughter. John was near by with a smirk, "you do sleep! I knew it!" He grunted out the words with a laugh and huff. "You ready? we think we found a way that wasn't so straight down."

Serena gathers herself, the old feeling was less, but still there. "Yeah, show me."

The climb down was difficult, and slow. Serena felt like she had a migraine, strange feeling for a vampire. She kept missing hand holds and foot slipping out from her, but they all got to the ground. Little beaten up, sore, but ready to explore the cavern. She'd never seen anything like it. It had to be miles across. It was hot. They could hear water rushing somewhere nearby. The stalagmites were like walls, high and close to each other, massive rocks that had been there for centuries with stalagmites grown into and around them. It smelled old here. The mist lay thick in some places, wetting the rock face and surfaces. This was most definitely a new place for Serena and John. 

She started towards an opening in the rock, but the migraine was getting heavier. Her steps lumbered and knees buckled under her. She hit the ground just before the entrance and seemed to bounce off the air in front of her. John ran to her side to try to catch her. She looked panicked and her eyes had broken blood vessels. Her hands shook uncontrollably. Her entire body trembled. "John! John! Help me, John! It hurts! It all hurts!" 

John lifted her from the ground, she felt frail and colder than usual. He slipped on the rocks and fell towards the opening she was headed for. She slammed hard against the nothing with a bright circling flash of light and bounced back again! John popped up from the ground on the other side of the small opening, "What the hell was that?! Serena! You alright?! Serena!" He dives to her side. 

Serena's eye were bleeding, her fingers had turned black like frostbite, one ear was bleeding, she was drooling, trying to psh herself up. This time, she was sure what that was. She threw up, the others rushing to help, one of the team has an equal reaction to the gap in the rocks and falls backwards unconscious to the ground. John yells out, " seriously, what the fuck is going on?!" 

Serena let's out a few grunts and a deep growl. She rolls to her side into John's lap and lets out a piercing shrill, scream that echoes and shakes. The rest of the conscious crew grabbed their ears in pain from concussion off the walls and echoes. She was hurt and confused.

A voice rumbled through like gravel and brimstone made a whisper, "Serena. it's been so long. So very long. You can't come on here! This is not for you!"

John held her tight to his chest, he'd never seen anything like this from her. Nothing like this in a cave. He was afraid, the rest of the group was afriad. Serena lay bleeding. Thom, no one understood why, was unconscious and bleeding from the ears and mouth, even to Serena, this was a shock. John turns Serena's face to his, "what is happening?! Tell me, Serena!"


"I need permission," she says in a whisper and passes out. John holds her close and rocks with her in his arms. This is bad, he thought.