I heard the noise outside the house way before I heard him actually enter the house. I knew what it was immediately, the news was calling him the Babe-Face Killer. He sneaks into people's homes in the middle of the night and people go missing only to be found chopped up in the backyard shed days later. Always a shed in the backyard. 

When I heard it on the radio I took a quick glance at the shed through the window just past the TV. "It's a nice tool shed," I thought, "big enough for a murder."
I shake the thought out of my head and decide I'll start locking the windows before I go to bed from now on. 

He's here now though, I'm sure of it. You'd think that having already murdered 4 people that he would be much stealthier than this. The soft creaks in the floorboards tells me that he's come in through the kitchen door. 

I reach into the nightstand by the bed and pull the bottom shelf open for the pistol my neighbor Jeff got me for my birthday 2 years ago. It was an odd gift, I took it pretty hesitantly but I'm glad I have it now. Feeling around for the metal grip my heart sinks deep into my stomach as I moved the gun into my closet across the room, thinking I wouldn't have a use for it anytime soon. Stupid. I know I can't walk across the room without giving away that I'm awake. I listen out and hear him coming down the hallway, stopping to quietly open the guest bedroom door that my roomate just moved out of two months ago. 

"Damn it Matt, you couldn't wash the dishes, you couldn't take out the trash, and now you can't save me from getting brutally murdered at the hands of a man named 'The Babe-Face Killer'." I think to myself. 
I scoot across the bed and open the blinds that close off the barred windows that were meant to keep people from breaking and entering into my home. Not much help for me now. 

Shit, I hear him outside my bedroom, turning the doorknob. My heart's racing, I feel like something off of Naked and Afraid. 

He comes in slowly, opening the door to see that I'm awake and sitting up in my bed looking back at him. He let's the door swing open, realizing theres no use in "stealth" anymore. He's about to walk in when he pauses and stares at me, I recognize a slight flicker in his eye. A flicker that I recognize all too well.

This is my Plan B.

"I know why you're here," I tell him, smiling slyly and sliding the covers slowly off of me as he looks at my body and the romantic moonlit room, "but let me tell you, my body count is higher than yours."