“This doesn’t make any sense,” The man thought to himself as he looked out upon the grassy field. This place was strange, there was no sky or wind, just a grassy plain and a little boy standing alone against a backdrop of white light which surrounded everything but the place they stood.

The boy looked up with sorrow in his dark blue eyes and it pierced though his mind like a bullet. 

“You’re me!” The man exclaimed, pointing to the child who continued to stare, still and silent. The light began to fade in and out, getting brighter and brighter before dimming down slightly. Over and over again the lights flashed and a vision burst into the sky. On the playground of a school the man saw kids, they were in a circle and were beating on one small boy. He put his fists up to defend, but it was too much. When the kids were done they left the boy beaten, bruised and alone.
The lights faded again and the boy remained, still and silent. “You should have been stronger.” The man spoke to the child. “If you didn’t run your mouth, if you hit harder then it wouldn’t have happened.” The child started to fade and at the last moment the child frowned just a bit and he was gone.

In the child’s place a teenager stood, still and silent. The man instantly recognized the teenager as himself as the lights began to flicker. “Why don’t you just kill yourself?” a woman asked the teenager before slamming the door to his bedroom. The teen stood there staring at the closed white door. “Why don’t you do something?” The man asked the teenager. “Why are you always so weak?” The man asked once again with more force in his voice. The lights flickered as the teen faded. In his place stood a mirror image of himself. No longer a child or a teenager, but a man. The lights grew restless over and over they burned in and out with new memories each time. “You’re Worthless, that’s why I found someone else” a woman said. *flicker* “You’re lazy and a slob, pack up your shit you’re done.” A man yelled. *flicker* “You will die alone,” too many voices to tell all at once.

The lights died down and mirror man stood there, still and silent. A small frown began to creep on his face as he continued to stare… waiting.

“We are worthless” The man said.

“Were nothing but garbage”

“We deserve this”

“I deserve…” The man continued, voice beginning to crack.

“To die alone” he finished as tears ran down his face.

“I…“ The man tried to speak, but the words won’t form, nothing is coming out but quiet sobs.

“It….wasn’t…our…fault,” the man said, forced and low, voice still cracking with every word. The mirror man’s eyes widened.

“It wasn’t my fault,” The man said again, less pain in his voice. The mirror man began to crack and smile and move towards him.

The mirror image stood directly in front of him, a perfect resemblance. The image was still waiting, no longer still but waiting all the same. The man wiped tears from his eyes and smiled, the Image copied his movements perfectly as they both stood smiling at each other. “I forgive you,” they both exclaimed as the light enveloped them both.
