"Tatyana, could you be so kind and tell the intern to re-check the non-invasive scanners... or I suppose there is a glitch in an analysis programm,.." murmured professor John Antkowiak.
He was from the generation when the wireless N-net implants were imperfect and used only by militaries, common people used physical ports in their sculls to connect to a specialized computer, like the one in his forehead surrounded by a subtle net of scars. In truth, he was glad that he was 'offline' - the emotional transparency that came as a side-effect of a wireless implant made him uneasy. In contrary to his much younger wife, his view on private life was more rigid, besides, he loved her voice so much...

"There is no need to bother that poor boy - the report is correct, I double checked."

Johns facial scars became subtly red indicating his puzzled thoughts - after so many years together you don't need N-net Sync to know what a person "feels". Sometimes, such subtle clues can even tell you what a person is thinking to himself.
She interrupted him before he started to speak - "Yes, I've checked everything, I have even used that binary monstrosity," she nodded towards a large metallic case with a prehistoric monitor and a keyboard.

It is like molecules of air have become a microscopic question marks and a silence had a yellowy taste of an absurd thoughts.

"Well, we can't actually suppose that all these years, after we've connected him to a system he had an active brain - he is deep-frozen like an... an... eh..." nothing came to his mind.

"Ether we have some kind of 'Anomaly'," the word was ridiculous and tasted of cheap sci-fi sitcoms," or all our facility has gone crazy." She sat on a table swinging her legs like a small child on a swing.

"Well, the guy was 'first'. Is it possible that we missed something while studying support unit?". He bit his nails. "We have a decree to unfreeze him already. But the brain activity... Can he actually be alive? Where did the neurons got energy from?"

"We could wake him up and ask..."

"Like what did he dreamt about all these years?"

That 'Anomaly' set whole facility on fire. Not without a scandal, a fancy burial ceremony prepared by politicians was canceled, and a 'first sacrifice in the name of cryonics' became a national sensation. After few years of study, the Awakening process was approved. 

-----------------------

"They woke him out of coma," Tatyana said with gentle cautiousness. "Though he behaves more calmly, they hold him tied up."

John put away papers but say nothing. 

"I talked with brother... They want you to be there just in case we need to freeze him."

"Freeze him?", this was absurd, to freeze someone month after an Awakening? But a lot of things seem... strange to him lately. 

John nodeed silently, "We should hurry up then."
His facial scars were cold white, and his eyes were wide open like of a man meeting his fate.

Tatyana held his hand, "he is just crazy. The brain was damaged..."

John watched at her, tenderly squeezed her hand in response. He didn't need to say anything, he appreciated her support but 'just crazy' are not the words you describe a man that solved greatest mathematical and physical problems of present time, especially if that man lived five centuries ago...

When the 'Sleeping Beauty' was unfrozen, his muscles repaired and he was brought out of coma - he was confused, soon he turned violent towards the staff. The intern that was assigned to John was attacked in front of him, they tried to help him and ward the madman off... despite John was the one that assigned the tissue repair on his muscles and he saw that he was just an ordinary human, the madman possessed inhuman strength and inconceivable tolerance to pain. They locked away behind a glass door waiting for the security to take action, by the time they arrived the poor boy didn't have eyeballs and didn't breath.

The madman was locked away, and he was calm again. Calm means - he behaved as extremely stressed child. Sitting in a corner with his knees to his chin, he murmured, in a hardly distinguishable old English, some kind of pseudo-scientific nonsense and begged to "release him back", sometimes he drew grotesque geometrical figures on the wall of his cell with his own blood and sometimes those were just pictures that made Johns blood go cold.
"I want return, why won't you let me?"
Those pictures had some elusive truth depicted, just like any other pictures of lunatics from a nuthouse... and yet, they were something more. Usual lunatics pictures had some skewed mirror-image of reality. But these pictures... the very combinations of lines made people uneasy.
By a concourse of circumstances the geometrical figures he drew were soon recognized as mathematical formulas that overthrown modern understanding of physics. There were even talks among some scientific communities about creating a craft that potentially achieved superluminal speeds and solving paradoxes related to it. Others spoke about other realities existing in parallel to our.
They wanted to find out more - where did he got this knowledge? Who he was in a life before? But it was near to impossible to have an effective communication with the subject, and sometimes he was prone to violence towards others, and after few attempts to harm himself, it was decided to put him in coma for a while.

They came to office, the whole wall of it was a screen showing a video from a cell where a subject was locked in. If not for a 'flatness' of an image it would look like there is no wall and the subject is actually in the same room. He was sitting in a corner, surprisingly calm. 
There were few people in a  room, including Tatyanas brother.

"Last time psychologist were not able to have a productive communication with a patient, so we decided to use drugs that should help us..."

"Is it appropriate to call him 'patient'? I think 'subject' is more fitting".

John didn't listen to them, he was staring at a screen, the madman was watching him and talking. His face was accusing. This psycho couldn't possibly see him through camera, right?

His lips went dry, "Turn on the sound, he is speaking..."
Everybody felt that surrealism of the situation, someone turned on the sound using his N-net implant. 

"... knows that you did it to me! You stole the sweet embraces of my master! You forced me back into this disgusting shell! And when your time comes, He will punish you!"

And while his bare fingers were ripping his own throat the video signal disappeared.

*Sorry for the rushed conclusion and a lots of mistakes. No much strength left for a proofreading at 5 am. But I really was excited about a concept and decided to give it a try.

The comments about my mistakes are welcome, so i can note them and improve my English.
Thank you. And I really hope you didn't feel like you've wasted time reading it.*

*EDIT: minor mistakes.