She was beautiful, as always. More than that, really. Like an unholy amalgamation of Audrey Hepburn, your childhood best friend, and a beloved grandmother. Maybe your first crush. But it was a lie. The best lies are always beautiful. The best lies are always inviting. The best lies make you *want* to believe. The best lie of all was sitting across from me in my ambulance. 

"He's old. He's sick. This isn't right. Let me take him home."

I charged the paddles. 

"Please."

"Begging? This is a new low....CLEAR"

No good. He was still in v-fib.  

"I know you're hurting. But this one..."

"Shut. The. Fuck. Up."

I hit him again. This time it stuck. 

"Not today. This one is mine." I didn't look at her. Stare too long, it became hard to look away, and I had work to do.

"Do you really think he wants to be?" There was no accusation in her voice. Only the question. 

"If he didn't want to be, he could have signed a proper DNR. Otherwise, fair game. And who the *fuck* are you to lecture me on who should and shouldn't die? Somebody doesn't want to be saved, all they need is a one page form, and I'll fuck *right off*. You got any paperwork handy we can fill out to tell *you* to fuck off?"

"You know it doesn't work like that". She seemed almost sorry. Seemed. Almost. The best lies are half true. 

"Don't. You have no right. You took what wasn't yours. What could never have been yours. I begged you. *She* begged you. And you didn't have an ounce of mercy then. And I don't now."

She looked at the old man on the stretcher. "For this one, I *am* the mercy."

"You weren't then. You won't be later. You don't care whether you're welcome or not. You don't care if you're invited, and worse, you accept invitations made on behalf of others, others who don't want you. Point a gun, and you're all too happy to show up at the wrong end of it."

"I can't help what I am, or what I have to do."

"I don't buy it. I think you like it. How often do you show yourself to somebody who isn't near death? Eh? How often does more than one person in the back of this meatwagon get a look at you?"

"I'm here because of you. You made it personal. You don't want to save people. You don't want to help them. You want to hurt me. You want to even the score."

"That may be why you picked me in particular, but that's not why you're *here*...corporeal. Talking...I think you're worried. Violent crime is down. Infant mortality is down. We're eradicating diseases left and right. Life expectancy is through the roof, and when's the last time you had an honest to God genocide to feast on? You're losing."

She looked away. "In the end, I come for everybody. It's only a matter of time." Less certainty. Not even a lie, that one. Just a self-reassurance. 

"You say that now, but I just read that geneticists are actually starting to figure out how aging works. Face it, you're scared. Like a telegraph operator staring at an iPhone. I'm nothing. In ten minutes, you'll get to watch the people who are really going to destroy you. Of course, you know that. So you try to convince me not to even let him get there."

"I didn't come to convince you. You can no more stop trying to keep him from dying than I can let people live. But I guessed you might enjoy this one, if you saved him." 

"I always do."

"Some more than others." 

I kept my eyes on my work. "I admit there's a certain professional pride when we can bring them back from the very brink." That wasn't what she meant. And I knew it. 

"Of course. But most of you are happiest when you save a young child, or somebody in the prime of their life, or somebody who was the victim of circumstance...you...you like it best when they're old. Sick. Dying of much more than whatever you were called for." 

The worst lies are truths that you'd rather not believe. 

"I go out every night hoping to keep you from taking what shouldn't ever be yours."

"But you prefer it when you keep what should be mine."

Just a few more minutes. A few more minutes and I'd have her. If they show up with a heartbeat, her odds start slipping.

"I told you. I told you I'd take a thousand of yours. I told you I'd do it every day until those cold hands of yours wrapped themselves around my neck. You sit and watch all you like. I work better when you do."

The best lies are not lies at all. The best lies are true. 




