"That's him! He's the one who murdered me!" The ghost was pointing at Devon Michaels, long-time reality show host and recently popular ghost hunter. The ghost had noticed that I followed her with my eyes and knew that I could see her when I met her eyes.

"Really?" I ask. "You're sure it's him?"

"Yes. Five years and some months ago, he crept into this very house to murder me in my sleep. I woke and saw his face, but I was too late to defend myself. He came back a couple of months ago and bragged about how this would be the perfect place for some show about psychic mediums."

I glance at Devon. "If you're certain, I'll make sure that justice is served."

"Kris? Are you speaking with someone?" Devon had heard me muttering.

"Yes. She said... She said something that worries me."

"Oh?" He chuckled. "What is this ghost saying?"

"She says you killed her." His face fell.

"That's a very serious accusation. This is Elaine Braddock, right?" The ghost, 'Elaine', nodded at his statement, so I also nodded. "I wasn't here when she died. I'd never even entered the house before location scouting began."

Elaine described her murderer and the details of the event, and I relayed it to Devon and the film crew. By the time he told the crew to stop filming he was sweating and awkwardly laughing. "You can't believe - None of this happened! Did someone hire you to mess with me?"

I shook my head. "I'm here for the truth."

Within an hour, Mr. Michaels had been detained, then arrested. He insisted that the hairs that they found were from scouting, and that they could probably find hair from the entire film crew if they looked long enough. A partial thumbprint photgraphed during the original investigation wasn't enough to be conclusive, but it did match. He didn't have an alibi, either. Devon Michaels was put away for a total of twenty-three years for the crimes he committed in the process of murdering that poor woman. I became the first person to receive a new type of license that qualified me as a court translator for the dead.

A couple of years later I was in town on a road trip with my cousin. She insisted that we check out the house before we left, so I pulled some strings with the property owner to let us in. As soon as we crossed the threshold, Elaine showed up.

"That's her!" Elaine met my eyes and pointed at my cousin. "She's the one who mur- Oh, shit, it's you."