Imperia stretched her hand palm-down over the bowl on her workbench, her fingers twitching as her magic flowed into the mixture in the bowl. It wasn’t a spell, not really - she was simply reaching out with a touch of her power to test the magical properties of the potion. Just moments ago, the absent-minded sorceress had dumped the ingredients prepared by her young apprentice into the large, wooden bowl, snapped her fingers three times, and muttered the ancient words that would produce the Eletref potion, an advanced healing draught that would cure even the most advanced disease. The spell had worked - more than worked, actually. This Eletref potion was the most powerful she had brewed in ages. What had she done differently?

The witch twisted her hand to break the magical connection between her hand and the bowl. “Hmm.” She stroked her chin with long, lithe fingers. The incantation was the same as the one she’d used last month, so the change had to be in the ingredients. Imperia snapped her fingers as she turned away from the mixing bowl, sending the potion instantly into seven waiting storage flasks. She turned and stalked to the table that held the empty, dirty flasks, mortars, and pestles used to prepare the ingredients. Each ingredient has been prepared by Vitani, the apprentice who had joined her the year before. The girl was young, but very bright, and had shown remarkable intuition during her time with Imperia. If there was a change in the ingredients, Vitani had done it on purpose. But what had the apprentice done?

One by one, Imperia checked the containers, expecting to find a slight difference in this ingredient or that, or maybe evidence of a different amount of something. There was the dried yarrow, chopped and neatly measured; the red clover, prepared with a touch of oil; the young snakeweed leaves, fresh out of the garden; and the steeped nasturtium leaves, with the leaves left in. That just left one ingredient: human blood, the most important of them all. The plants had healing properties, but the blood was what made this potion so powerful. It brought the ill and injured back from the brink of death, and death must always be paid for with life. Harvesting blood from the inhabitants of the nearby farmland was the only way to produce this particular brew, and they gave their blood willingly in exchange for two bottles of the potion each month. 

But this month, it was not blood that Imperia had used. As she stretched her hand over the empty, red-stained bowl, she already knew that her magic would not find the remnants of human blood. What she did not expect was to find a mixture of common garden fruits and vegetables. The base of the mixture was water; in the water, there was tomato juice, pulverized strawberries, a dash of citrus - lemon, or perhaps orange? - a touch of ground wheat, the chopped skin of a potato, and a few handfuls of herbs and spices. Imperia withdrew her hand, puzzled and amused. How had she not noticed something so vastly different from her usual ingredients?

“Vitani,” she called, and the girl appeared in the doorway within moments, looking nervous. 

“Y-yes, Master Imperia?”

“Come,” the sorceress beckoned, leading the girl over to the finished potions. Vitani followed anxiously. “Do you remember the sensing spell I’ve been teaching you?” Vitani nodded. “Good. Tell me what you feel in those potions.”

The apprentice reached out a trembling hand, her face hardening with concentration. After a moment, a look of wonder came over her, and she broke her contact with the draught. “It’s so strong!” she gasped, grinning. 

“So it is,” her mistress replied. Imperia set the bowl that had held the strange blood substitute. “Now tell me, what is this?”

Vitani didn’t even reach for the bowl, though she did have the decency the look away. “It’s fruits and vegetables from the village, Master. I substituted them for the blood.”

“So I gathered. Why?”

“Well...” Vitani absently scuffed her shoes against the floor. “All the texts on blood magic say that the best blood is that given willingly, right? And I’ve been noticing that our townsfolk aren’t really willing anymore. They give the blood, it’s true, but they resent us for it. They’ve got a huge stock of the potion now, so they don’t really need more. They don’t think they’re getting much out of the arrangement. They give blood out of fear now, and that’s weakened the offering. I was reading one of the tomes you  gave me at Midwinter last week. It said that blood substitutes do sometimes exist. Plants that are hand-grown and tended daily seem to have a life all their own; their juices can be a bit like blood, in a way. The plants are happy to be used, and when given willingly by their farmers, they often have more power than blood because they’ve drawn on the energy of the earth itself. So, when I went harvesting this week, I thought I’d give it a shot, and, Master, the farmers were so happy! So I mixed up what they gave me and added a few things to increase the potency, and I brought it in here like usual because you don’t ever pay attention to what I bring, you just assume it’s right, so...”

Vitani trailed off then, and for a moment, Imperia couldn’t quite think of anything to say. She’d known the girl was skilled, but this? This was a new mastery of blood magic, an intuition that far surpassed even Imperia’s. After a moment’s silence, she asked, “Why didn’t you just tell me?”

“I didn’t want to bother you while you were working so hard on filling that custom staff order this week. You said it was very technical work to bind a soul, and you couldn’t be interrupted.”

“So I did,” Imperia replied, impressed. “Well, your concoction worked brilliantly, so... I suppose we can let the farmers know we’ll need a small bit of their harvest each month. Now, run along. I’ve got to finish calibrating that staff.”

“Yes, Master!” Vitani chirped, gathering the dirty dishes to clean. As she skipped out the door, she paused. “Oh, and given the potency of those potions, you may want to split it into fourteen batches instead of seven.”

Imperia turned to catch a glimpse of her apprentice’s most impish smile as Vitani disappeared into the kitchen.  The witch smiled to herself. It was nice to have an apprentice to make life a little brighter. 