“I would slay this fiend for thee and gain your hand in marriage.” The knight said excitedly. *Ugh no thanks why is it always marriage with these virgin losers*

“Oh you’re so gallant Sir knight. It’s terrible what the dragon makes me do.” I gracefully faint playing my role properly. I hate this part to be honest. Playing defensless just to stroke these fragil losers’ egos. *Can’t they pick a woman who can kill a dragon by herself? Why do they need to be the man to save the day.*

He let out a scream as he charged my friend, Narith, the silver dragon. Well playing the damsel in distress was all worth it for this part-- the epic battle.

The nameless knight ducked under a plume of fire as he rolled up his short sword and shield at the ready. The dragon clawed at his shield rending it to bits, and the knight gracefully stabbed the dragons forearm in response. Narith let out of shriek of pain and flapped his mighty wings knocking the knight off of his feet. 

The knight groaned as he tried to crawl away, but Narith was too fast. Narith leaped forward grasping the opportunity to pin the knight under his massive bodyweight.
	
I surreptitiously snacked on meat pastry while  watching enraptured. This knight was better than many before him, but it made no difference.

Narith shifted his weight and the knight let out a shriek of agony.. Desperate he pulled out a dagger and began jamming it into the massive dragonclaw. Fluids and goop leaked everywhere as the dragon roared in rage, finally tightening  his grip. The knight’s face was ruined by an explosion of blood coming out from his mouth as I could clearly hear the bones cracking.

I finished off my meat pastry, and walked over to Narith. “Thanks buddy. Real bore that one.”

Narith nodded and wrred. I reached up to his leg and opened the silver access panel inspecting the damage. *Not bad, only need to replace the fluid actuator lines, some tubing and replace the metal armor on his claw. I can probably do that in a day, long before the next loser shows up.*
