It felt good hearing her true name, there was no danger for her after all...

Pain was something she no longer experienced and the sweet embrace of death had eluded her century after century. The God of all decided long ago that her punishment would be long and hard. Still day after day she walked toward his forgiveness, carrying the weight of this ugly world.

"Nobody has called me by that name in centuries," she said, while handing him the receipt for his purchase.  He paused briefly as they made eye contact, recognition brightening his continence and then with a shrug he walked away. For a long, while she stood there watching him walk away, sadness, anger, and despair whipped through her like a blade.

He walked away from the store feeling strange, that women evoked emotions that he thought he was incapable of feeling. The familiarity of her voice and smile was so intense.... he sat in his car, head on the steering wheel, reeling from the encounter. Tears began to flow and for the first time he felt remorse, he cried out to whatever God existed to forgive him. forgive him of what he thought.

" I don't give a damn," he said to himself out loud. Willing the key into the ignition and speeding out of the parking lot as if he was running for his life. " What in the donkey hell," he said through tears. Going back was not an option, experiencing even a fraction of what happened in the parking lot was not worth knowing the truth. " names, names, names, " he kept murmuring as he drove toward his hotel. By the time he arrived at the Shairmone Hotel, he had collected himself, and once again donned his steal demeanor. Approaching the elevator he saw Shelby and Ricky also entering, he knew their respective floors, the fact that they were colleagues, and they were both having an affair when the same man. Yikes, he thought.

" four please" he replied, acknowledging Ricky's nod toward the floor panel display. Laying on his bed he tried to forget the woman's name. He too had lived for centuries and in that time he continually felt the need to stay on the move. There was no place he had not traveled, but the urge to settle was foreign to him. As time went by somehow he forgot his own name, it had been so long since he thought about the ridiculousness of knowing every other name but his own. The woman presence was so compelling because she felt like home, a permanent home. He knew without a doubt that she recognized him as well. She knew his name.

Not really sure how he returned to the parking lot of the supermarket, but there he was standing looking toward the entrance, and there on the curb sat the woman.

"Mom," he said, tears spilling over. His arms were outstretched craving her embrace. There was nothing that he wanted more than a single hug from her.

" Cain" she replied as she held him close. "I know that I brought sin on the whole world my son, and that I am unworthy to hold anything against another. I have not forgiven you for taking your brother's life. Therefore you are cursed to roam the world, with no sense of belonging and no hope of rest from the Lord up above.

At that moment everything came back to him, and he understood that despite what his mother thought that God did give him mercy. He was able to forget what he had done, why his life was indeed a curse, and that they would meet again and each time he would remember. Gradually he released her from his arms, he knew her words would haunt him until he forgot his name once more. The pain the words would cause him, did not dissuade him for waiting eagerly for them.

" I love you, my son,"  she said as she turned away from him.

I love you too, he thought

&#x200B;