"Toothpaste isn't prevention, it's a half-measure to deal with the symptoms of the underlying problem!!" Dr. Dan Tistree leaned back in his chair, exasperated. The interview with ten dentists was always going to be a train wreck, but Dan was tired of his legitimate scientific perspective being relegated to the regurgitated jokes of the unfunny while millions of people suffered from the rotting of teeth. 

"We now how teeth work. They're a calcium grinding tool meant to aid in the early digestion of food by reducing its size and allowing it to combine with saliva. This tool is special, though, in that it can self-regenerate to a degree by extracting minerals from saliva. The problem comes from sugar and starch: when we eat sugar and starch, that remains in our mouths and the bacteria that no amount of Listerine can ever kill will eat those sugars and starches and turn them into very particular types of acids that do damage to tooth enamel. Eventually all the saliva in the world can't deal with the damage done, the enamel is broken, and bacteria can bore into teeth and rot."

The other nine dentists were all staying quiet, but of course they were. This was all well-understood science, information beyond question. The stage was set, the pieces in place, Dan moved his rook. 

"So we brush with toothpaste. What is toothpaste, though? It generally has a few main functions. 

"Abrasives. Just like that face wash your dermatologist told you doesn't work that well at exfoliating, your toothpaste has tiny abrasives that are purpose-built to 'polish' your teeth and gums, meaning to grind against them in hopes of removing plaque and food particles. The problem is that they don't just scrape at plaque and food, they scratch at everything, including and perhaps especially your enamel. Besides, toothpastes really aren't all that good at removing plaque that's well settled and they will always leave behind plenty of food."

That did it. The other nine went from bemused to defensive, just by their posture. Dr. Gums, the daytime talk show celebrity, looked ready to comment, but Dr. Dan wouldn't allow himself to be filibustered. 

"Detergents. Just like when you wash your hands, toothpaste uses detergents to foam up and hopefully loosen plaque and food particles. The problem is that starches and sugars are really very good at getting into every nook and cranny of the mouth, and the particles removed by the soap could have just as easily been dislodged through rinsing with water. The problem is that detergents also clear away your ally: saliva. Just like how washing your hands damages your protective layer of skin oil, or sebum, resulting in dry cracked hands that are ultimately less protected from bacteria, soaping away the inside of your mouth removes saliva which not only contains valuable minerals to help rebuild the enamel of your teeth, it also contains natural antibacterial compounds that help to fight the very bacteria you're trying to kill. 

"Finally...."

"Now see here," Dr. Lingua interrupted. "We need detergents to..."

"EXCUSE ME, Dr. Lingua, I believe you were given ample time to talk. If you'd like to give me feedback, you can wait until I've reached my conclusion."

Dr. Lingua made huffing and puffing noises sufficient to alarm three pigs in their domiciles, but quieted down. 

"Finally, we have fluoride. Well, as we've discussed, saliva has minerals which all help to rebuild teeth. Those minerals are calcium, phosphate, and fluoride! We use detergent to remove natural fluoride and then replace it with fluoride we've purchased at the store for $10.

"And does this prevent cavities? Do those who use toothpaste regularly and exactly as recommended by dentists and dental experts live lives without cavities? Well, as a dentist that's worked in the industry for 20 years, I can guarantee that people who use toothpaste get cavities. Those who floss, brush with toothpaste and an electric toothbrush, and rinse regularly get cavities. I've performed my own research and I've found that regular use of flossing, brushing, and rinsing is not the number one indicator among my patients for being cavity free."

"AND WHAT, pray tell, is?!" Dr. Gums asked. 

"Diet." 

Just then, the large brick wall behind the ten dentists exploded, with bricks and debris raining down on the panel, their interviewer, and the audience. Dust filled the air, but the cameras could just barely make out a red, spherical vintage through the haze. A deep, resonant voice rung out through the studio. "OH YEAH."

Dr. Tistree found himself being dragged from his chair by an impossible being that smelled vaguely of fruit punch. "My god... no... they found me!!" 

As he was being dragged through the wall, Dan called out in desperation. "NO!! I HAVE PROOF NOW!!! WE CAN STOP DENTAL DECAY!!! YOU JUST HAVE TO STOP EATING SUGAR AND STARCHES!! JUST FLOSS AND RINSE WITH WARM WATER AND DRINK GREEN OR BLACK TEA!!!" 

But it was too late. From behind the large, red glass sphere full or red liquid came a humanoid tiger with a bandanna, a leprechaun, and all under the leadership of a captain in a Napoleon-style hat standing on the bridge of his evil, sugary vessel. It was none other than Horatio Magellan Crunch, scourge of the seven heart disease. 

"The intel from the tree elves proved to be most accurate, Cap'n," said one of the three deck mates as they cackled and crackled and popped. "Better advice than 'Follow your nose', you dumb parrot" one of the others jived at the bird standing on Crunch's shoulder. 

The bird scoffed, "I'm a toucan, you moron." 

As Dan was dragged and thrown on the deck before the Captain, he was still dazed but was starting to put it all together. "You can't hide the truth from people forever. There are Netflix documentaries now!!" 

Cap'n Crunch smiled, revealing the worst rotted teeth one ever could see. "Sugar and starches are cool, in absolutely everything, and addictive. You'll never stop us."

Just then, a little bee landed on Dan's arm. Dan tried to wave it away, but upon further inspection realized it was as anthropomorphic as many of his other captors. As he listened carefully, he could barely make out, "Bee unhappy, bee unhealthy!" before Dan was stung, triggering his allergy. 

As he lost consciousness, Dan heard the mocking, "Silly Dentist, sugar's for kids!" 