I approached the building and looked left, and then right. The street was incredibly busy and teeming with people, so there was no guarantee I hadn't led someone straight here, but I was already running late and sweet Naga the sun was hot today.

I knocked on the door. Three taps, then two, a pause, and three taps again. I waited what seemed like ages before finally the door cracked open slightly.

"Yes?" a gruff voice answered from the darkness within. "Can I help you?"

"You could start by letting me in."

"Name?"

"Damnit Jaculus, you know perfectly damn well who I am!" I shoved the door open by slamming my shoulder and pushing. I did not have time for this nonsense. Jaculus stumbled back as I charged my way in, the cool dark air bringing immediate relief to the contrast of the unforgiving weather outside. I fumbled in my pockets and pulled out a small spray bottle I kept on-hand, spraying myself with the cool water before dabbing myself with a handkerchief.

"Are you insane?" Jaculus hissed, narrowing his eyes, "You can't just-"

"Oh, shut up." I sprayed him with the bottle. He flinched slightly before relaxing. I dabbed some of the moisture with the handkerchief and gave him a few more sprays.

"That feels nice." he let out a deep sigh. "I'm sssorry. You're right. I overreacted."

"It's just the weather," I shrugged. "It's making all of us cranky, I think. Have they started yet?"

"Nah, not yet. They're waiting on you."

"Don't know why. I almost didn't come." I stuffed the handkerchief back in my breast pocket. I considered pocketing the spray bottle, too, but thought better of it. Might come in handy.

"Don't be like that, Dipsa," he laid a hand on my shoulder, but I immediately brushed it off and gave him a warning hiss. This was stupid. And yet here we both were.

Jaculus narrowed his eyes and began curling his lips, but thought better of it. He was a lot bigger than I was, but he knew better than to tassel with me. It's as they said: It wasn't the size of your host that mattered, but the size of your venom glands. Wordlessly, he gestured to the door on his left. His face was carefully blank, betraying no sign of distress, anger, or fear. As it should be.

I strode through the door and into a small dark room that was empty save for a single light bulb which hung directly above a large round table. Around the table were seated about a dozen different individuals-- men and women dressed in various states of formal clothing, loudly announcing their social status, which was important to humans.

Jormundgar stood. He was wearing a dark blue three piece suit with an equally dark blue tie. "Good. We're all here then. Let us begin. I hereby announce the beginning of our meeting. Just to remind everyone, there are no secrets here. We will not stoop to the mammals' level- we shall cooperate, not out of instinct, but out of necessity. What we work towards benefits not us as a society, but as individuals. Nirah, let's start with you. Progress report?"

As he sat down, a short woman with dark hair and a bright pink blouse stood up. Her skin coloration and facial features indicated she was of some ethnicity, but Naga help me if I could be bothered to remember which one. "Thank you, Jormundgar. I have recently attained control of a local mammalian power structure, entering their den undetected."

"Excellent news, Nirah! Tell us more!" Approving hisses could be heard around the table, but I kept silent.

"Yessss. I have some amount of power in mammalian education through what the humans call a Parent Teacher Association."

"How?"

"I have spent many years preparing for this moment. Through an official human agency, I obtained small human young, which now see me as their parental figure."

"You *adopted* human children?!" One member, slightly to Nirah's right, exclaimed. I didn't recognize him. He was short in stature, and wore a beanie. This indicated a low social standing among the humans. Probably new to the collective.

"Yess!" Nirah smiled-- actually smiled! "Adoption! My disguise is flawless!"

"Err, yes. Your efforts are... uh... commendable. Ss." The awkward hiss at the end lacked any kind of confidence or feeling. He seemed uncomfortable and unfamiliar. Definitely new, probably raised with human norms. **Social** norms. Disgusting.

Nirah and I had been mates, once, and she laid the eggs that hatched many of my young. Sometimes I wondered whether they were still out there, perhaps even sitting at this very table, but such curiosities were little more than a way to pass the time. Currently, however, I found myself fervently hoping the idiot who'd spoken up wasn't one of them.

No sooner had she sat down than another stood up from the table abruptly.

"I have also participated in the human institution adoption! I have adopted smaller mammals, which some humans call 'pets'!" This one was at the last meeting, too. Mehen. Their gender was difficult for me to ascertain-- something I wasn't sure whether it was a point against them or in their favor. Humans seemed to rely on some pattern recognition that I hadn't entirely mastered yet, and lately it seemed popular among them to decrease the more obvious tells such as sexual dimorphism, mammalian chest glands, or style of dress. "AND I didn't even eat the pets!"

"Do you normally?" It was the new one again. Everyone turned to look at him. I began to scrutinize him more closely. The hair on his face was haphazardly applied, with a small fuzzy patch on the end of his chin. He wore a piece of headwear I recognized as a beanie, which was odd given the weather outside. How was he not burning up?

&#x200B;

(The original post was too long. See child comments for more)