It's not easy being a Demon. What with the terrible commute to work, terrible holidays and vacation times. Not to mention your boss is literally the Devil.

Honestly, having to take the Summons in His stead was the biggest, and only, perk of the job. Most times it was just some jilted lover seeking revenge, or someone seeking power yet unwilling to work to earn it. Or sex...that one happens a lot, and it's not always pleasant for either party. And always in some dank basement or alley way, with candles and blood everywhere.

So it was with some surprise that I found my self in a bedroom. Not uncommon mind you, but still rare. As I looked around for the Petitioner the room came into sharper focus. Stuffed bears lining a shelf, all pristine and undamaged as if no one wanted to touch them.
A night table with colored lights wrapped around it shining just enough to keep the darkness at bay. A bed far too small for any adult, if the decor hadn't given that away.

Then I saw them. There were two of them, boy and girl. Both the same age. Twins then, but still way below the age limit. They stared at me with looks of astonishment, as if they hadn't really expected to summon the Devil, or in this case me.

"You are both too young to make bargains with, whatever it is I cannot help you."

They boy speaks, "Please Sir, no one else would listen. Teacher called us liars, and the Policeman said not to talk about our father like that."

-Like what?- I think, and their faces become clearer as the boy steps forward, his sister staying slightly behind him, and I see it.

There are marks around the boys arm, high enough that a shirt would cover it easily. The bruises are layered, old ones below fresh marks, no more than a day old. And his eyes let me see into his memory, of beatings past and pain long remembered. But above all a desire, no a NEED, to keep his twin safe. And the sadness at having failed her.

On the girl I can see no marks, but looking into her eyes I can see far worse things than brutal beatings and broken bones. Innocence lost, trust abused, love turned into something dark and corrosive.

And then I hear it, coming from outside of the room. A man roaring with laughter, as only the truly drunk can. Bellowing for the girl to come and sit with him. His voice has grown more insistent than it had been, angrier, closer.

"Please," the boy speaks again "I need your help. I'm not strong enough to make him stop." He turns to look at the girl, "I can take the beatings," he lies, "but I can't keep her safe. Can you help me?" His words are familiar, and pull at my memory.

I look at the boy the voice growing louder, almost at the door.

"I cannot, for you are unable to pay the price demanded. However...."

I turn towards the door as it swings open. There, in the doorway, stands a man. The stench of sweat, old beer and failure hangs around him like a cloud. His face is a mass of wrinkles, broken teeth and sunken eyes. Yet I do not smell his stench or see his broken visage, I can feel the corruption coming from this man in waves.

I know this man.

I haven't always been a demon. I was mortal once, and belonged to a family. My mother was kind, and always put the needs of her children above her own. I had a sister, older than me but that I had always felt protective of. She was beautiful. And because she was beautiful, our father always stayed close to her.

Mother saw what was happening first. She tried to stop it, and wound up in the hospital for her trouble. Brain dead. An accident, Father said, she had fallen down the stairs.

The next night I woke to the sounds of struggling and muffled cries. I went to my sisters room and saw him. Saw what he was doing, and tried to stop him....

I failed. I wasn't strong enough. I couldn't keep her safe.
Again and again and again the cycle repeated itself. Until something broke...and she killed herself. And in my grief I broke as well, and followed suit.

The memory ends, rage like I had never felt pounded through me, I stare at the man and I finish my thought, "However, HE can."

"Who the fuck are you?" The man begins to say, but before he can my hand shoots out to grab him by the throat.

"I am a monument to all your sins." 

His hands are the first to go. Slowly shriveling to the bone before disintegrating, his arms follow. He opens his mouth to scream, but there is no sound. 

As his body disappears, I turn back toward the children. The boy is staring, wide eyed as the man turns to dust. The girls is still expressionless, except for her eyes. Her eyes show relief, that her tormentor is going away. That she and her brother will be safe.

The body is gone, and so I turn to the pair. Reaching out, a black stone appears in my hand. "Take this, should you need strength again grip the stone tightly, and I will answer."

And with that I leave. My last image is that of the boy holding his sister, and she flashes me a small smile. 

Her smile reminds me of her...