"Breathe in."

*"This is getting old, Harold. Don't you think so?"*

"Uh, huh. Breathe in."

*"How long have we been doing this? Five weeks? Ten? If my physiology could offer anything remotely useful to you humans, then you would've found it already. And I'd be back in that padded cell, locked away just like the rest of my...colleagues."*

"I'm not going to repeat myself. BREATH. IN."

*"You know what I think? I think you're running these tests just to keep seeing me. Admit it, Harold. There is something going on between us. Don't you think it's time we become honest and take this to the next level?"*

I sighed, easing my grip on the heart rate monitor pump. "What's getting old is this conversation, Elphaba. I'm just a guy working the facilities, fishing for paychecks. Blab all you like. It won't get you anywhere."

The witch flashed her needle fangs from across the table. Not that she could do anything with them. Both her arms had been strapped to the chair, her neck tethered with a chained collar. Even if she broke free, two armed guards posted at the exam room door would taze her faster than she could say "Abra Kadabra" and leave her convulsing on the floor covered with piss. Granted, her urine ate through an inch of concrete the last time it happened. Still, it was funny as hell.

*"How boring your life must be,"* Elphaba purred, pulling a pathetic Sharon Stone with her pasty vericose\-riddled thighs. *"Locked in your routine, unable to grasp the magnificence lying before your eyes. You humans fear what you do not understand. If only you would unleash the potential hidden away in these vaults...this world would truly know wonders beyond imagination. Oh, the things I could teach you..."*

The witch ran a forked tongue across her cracked lips. I haven't seen acting this bad since the first Transformers movie.

"Look, I'm running out of time," I snapped. "I've got to run upstairs and print out some Breitbart articles for Ghargalash. He's getting tired of his usual fix of greed from the Wall Street Journal. So why don't you make this easy for all of us and just *breath in*?! I'll even give you an hour with your book club. You can talk all you want there."

Elphaba's coy smile turned livid, finally realizing her seductress routine wasn't working. *"You will regret this, puny mortal!! One day, I will break out of this wretched prison and regain all of my powers. Then you and everyone you love will know the true meaning of pain!! And it's not a book club, it's a coven of sisters devoted to our Dark Lord and his infernal wisdom!!!"*

"We're streaming the second season of Charmed on Netflix in the cafeteria after dinner. Do you really want us to lock you in solitary again?"

Elphaba crumpled, all of her defiance deflating in an instant. "*No...*"

"Good. Now, breath in."