"Alright...we've been through the sofa area six times already... Come on, David, this is our sixth time here! Can you pick one already?" My wife Sarah looked exhausted and I felt terrible, but I mean...we were gonna buy a couch! A couch is something you have for a long time! If you don't get the right one, you're stuck with a mismatched living room for YEARS and no one wants to watch the newest "Drag Race" elimination on a couch that doesn't fit with the coffee table and TV unit. That's just barbaric.

I looked down the aisle again. "Ok. I think I've narrowed it down."

She looked at me with that exasperated stare that she had when she was tired, "Please, oh great and powerful 'king of the castle'. Enlighten me."

"Alright. So last time we were looking at the rugs as well and the shape of the one we chose would fit well with a few I've seen. So far I have, in order of how comfortable they were, Vimle, Norsborg, Nokeby, Kivik, Brathult, Ektorp..." before I could finish my thought, a weirdly blue cloud of smoke started rising from the polished concrete floor in front of me. A bright yellow flash pulsed once in a giant plus sign in the smoke and it all disappeared as quickly as it came, revealing a well dressed, blonde haired, blue eyed man. My wife screamed and fell back onto the Ektorp. A small moan of satisfaction escaped her lips as she felt its softness. That was the one. The man in front of me, garbed in a stylish, two toned grey suit with a black lapel and a blue dress shirt, stepped towards me, his perfectly managed hair looking incredibly natural around his...HORNS! It was my turn to scream then, as I stumbled back. "Stay away! Get back!"

"Oh David, my little semla, you needn't be afraid of me. I am here to help you!" His smile was seductive. It gave me the same feeling as the masterfully weaved speech of a used car salesman, dirty but you just couldn't refuse. "You summoned me, after all!"

"Da...David? What's going on?!" Sarah's eyes were wide with fear and confusion. I felt how she looked. "Why is he saying that? How does he know your name?!" The horned man grinned over to her and she whimpered and shrunk into the fluffy back cushions of the Ektorp... I really liked that couch... It was so comfortable.

"I don't know?!" I yelled back at her before staring back into those dreamy blue eyes, "Why?!? What do you mean? Who are you?!" I was rambling by that point, but, I mean, I just witnessed a demon...Demon? He must be, right? A demon appeared out of thin air!

"Now don't be that way. You must have summoned me. You made six revolutions of the ancient path on your sixth visit to the temple and spoke the six words of summoning in the old tongue. To do so without purpose is nearly impossible..." He looked over to my wife again, then to the paper dangling off of the arm of the couch, "Why does...?" His gaze wandered around to the various other display sofas and his expression went from sexy confidence to confused anger. "Why, in the name of Odin and his many sons, is the old tongue displayed so haphazardly around this long-hall!?" His voice grew into a bellow that shook the nearby Hudene floor lamp, "WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?"

"I don't...I'm...I just..." words refused to come to my tongue when I heard an excited gasp from behind me. I turned to see one of the yellow-clad Ikea employees rushing up with a face flush with adoration.

"MIN HERRE! It finally happened!" The minimum wage furniture servant bowed before the fuming demon.

"What happened?! Why is the old tongue so flippantly displayed where anyone can see it?" rage turning him red, a vein pulsed out from his neck as he berated the woman on the floor before him. "EXPLAIN YOURSELF!" All other patrons had either run or shuffled away by that point.

"Lord Narfi," I was pretty certain that when she helped us with sofa covers earlier, she didn't sound so foreign, "we...we lost most of the ancient texts millennia ago. We had no idea how to summon you without the proper rites, so a few decades ago, the high priest Ingvar Kamprad came up with the idea of creating temples that the public would accept and sprinkled the old tongue throughout them randomly. It was our hope that someone would one day speak the correct incantation that would bring you back to us, and it worked! This pitiful male must have performed the rite unwittingly!" Narfi, I guess, looked at me with a weird expression that turned into a smile.

"I see. Well that's just wonderful. One second, David," the demon...god...man bent down and picked up the woman by the throat. She actually looked happy with it as he flexed and her head burst into flame and disintegrated so quickly that all Sarah and I could do was gasp. "There we are. After I've finished here, I will have to find this 'Ingvar' character. Now then. You are the one who summoned me, so I will afford you a request before I begin my conquering of this world that my grandfather and company abandoned so long ago. What is it you wish for? What do you desire...?" His smile returned to its seductive nature as he leaned down to be face to face with me.

"I..."

"Yes...?"

"I want our living room to be as perfect as I imagine it."

---

Well that was fun. Couldn't quite find a place to cut it properly, so I just stopped there. Thanks for the prompt!

r/SamsStoriesSub