"Light. Light in the absence of eyes illuminates nothing. I've come here. This place. This realm. I've ushered souls, I've carried the sick, I've welcomed the willing and The wanting. My job is not repetitive. I've never gotten bored, took a sick day and despite numerous movies to the contrary, I've never taken a vacation. Although I laughed every time Brad Pitt got hit by that car. And I told him so when I met him. 
I am not evil. I've never been mortal.  And I've never once eaten a soul. However once Satan offered me a piece of Charlie Daniels' soul. He called the dish Flambé de Irony. I didn't get it. Not then. I've since heard that song. It's still not funny. Me and Satan don't talk much. Remembering that "joke" reminds me why. 
I've collected Men, women, and children. 
I've collected Presidents, Kings and Dictators. 
I've collected athletes, Mathletes and Ken Jennings. 
As the years turned to decades then centuries then eons, I've collected every single soul. And I've brought them to where they belong. 
There is a heaven. 
There is a hell. 
Purgatory is kind of a place. But I rarely go there. Have you ever been to Piscataway, New Jersey? Purgatory looks like Piscataway, New Jersey. 
It smells better. 
There were alien races. 
I've collected them too. 
Some had heavens. 
Some had hells. 
Only humans had a Piscataway, New Jersey... I mean Purgatory. 
The universe is ending. 
Every life form is gone. This realm is gone. Devoid. 
I like that word. Devoid. It rolls off the tongue. 
There is only one hold out. 
You."
They sat together at an outdoor bistro in France off the Rue Antoine Arnauld of the 13th Arrondissement.  They were dressed simply. One in a black suit. One in white. 
"Look at us old friend, living a cliche until the end." The embodiment of Life chuckled as he sipped his espresso. 
"We are not friends." Replied Death. Simply. Fingers steepled. 
"Are we not? What are we? Chums? Pals? Well Wishers? At the very least we are Coworkers. "
"You see us as co workers?"
"Our jobs directly relate to each other. Our jobs are opposites and inverses. You have a job because of me. If you think about it, and only in this metaphor of co workers working in a company, I'm your boss. " Life said. Smiling. 
"You flounce around bringing life to the universe. You are irresponsible. We are not coworkers. We are not friends. We are a cycle. You create. It lives. It dies. You bring about life and when it dies I'm left to pick up the pieces. I've been asked by children if I am an angel. I've been cursed at by mothers for taking them away from their families. And don't get me started on the fucking dogs! Why would you create a creature that, when it dies, doesn't understand that it's masters aren't there? And don't get me started on your 'Artistic phase'. Platypus? I ask you. " Death exclaimed. Standing up. 
"Are you upset with your lot? 'Oh woah is me, I've had another widow cry about her husband' Do you have any idea, Any idea, how hard it is to know that the child you just breathed life into would die because his father would beat him? Or knowing that the dog that you touched would be used to fight for the enjoyment of the dregs of society? And don't judge the platypus. They were a noble species."
Life stood up as well. Fixing his lapels. 
"Noble?" Death laughed out loud "what is noble about you getting zonked on ambrosia and creating a duck beaver?"
"Their intended purpose was noble. I just forgot what it was. And I liked that they laid eggs. That was fun." 
"I'll give it too you giraffes were majestic. And Kangaroos were clever, but why won't you admit that platypuses were a mistake?"
"Platypi" responded Life getting indignant. 
"What?"
"The plural of Platypus is Platypi." Said Life angrily. 
"No. It's platypuses. You self pompous schmuck."
"I named the damn creature, the plural is platypi. It's Latin."
"Firstly, the Latin would be Platipodes. Second, platypi is ridiculous. Third, it's platypuses." Death responded. Hands on hips. 
"Are we seriously having this fight again?" Life said. 
"Are you ready?" Death asked on a sigh. 
"Am I ready? Ready to see my existences purpose come to an end? What will we do with ourselves when this is all over?" Life gestured around them. 
"I don't know about you. But I've always wanted to be a painter." 
The two turned from the table. With a wave of his hand there was a crack of energy and a rip opened in reality. 
"What will you paint?" Asked Life as they stepped into the void. 
"Still life-"
The cracked closed and there was silence. 