I was on the phone with my best friend Tony when the piece of paper came shooting out from under the closet door. 

"Hey, Tony, I'm gonna have to call you back." 

Tony and I met when I came to college, and instantly became friends. We talked to each other about everything, maybe sometimes too much. Maybe sometimes not enough. 

I got up from my bed, walked over to the closet, and picked up the paper. It looked as though it had been in the closet forever, wrinkled from being wadded up too many times, like someone had wanted to pass it under the door long ago but kept hesitating.

I unfolded the paper, and began to read. It was a letter. 

>I've been in here for quite awhile, watching you. I see you cry at night, stress over school, play your video games, and cry some more. It's okay to cry. At least, that's what I do.

I stopped and looked around the room. Who had been watching me? Was this some kind of joke? It put me on edge, but I continued reading. 

>I know the way you feel inside. The feeling of despair, shame and guilt. You look at yourself in the mirror with disgust, and then put on a mask before going about your day. You tell everyone you're fine, but inside you're really not. 

Man, whoever this is, they really know how to win someone over. They must be psychic, too. I continued. 

>I can understand why. Being the way you are. It must be difficult. I know it was for me, and sometimes still is. The feeling of being trapped, alone, and scared. 

I paused, and looked out my bedroom window. I had a perfect view of the campus quadrangle, with its field of grass, three-story oak trees and immaculate landscaping. The birds chirped as students scrambled to get to class. I always loved nature. It calmed me. I turned back to the letter. 

>I'm here to tell you that it doesn't have to be that way. You don't have to hate yourself. You can love yourself, every bit of yourself. Just like I love you. I know it's hard, but it's not impossible. Hell, you've managed to keep a 3.8 GPA. Surely you can do this. 

By this point, I had returned to my bed. I thought of Tony. We've done everything together in college, and it's been the best four years of my life. We're both set to graduate in the spring, and Lord only knows if we'll ever see each other after that. I certainly hope we do. I don't know what I'd do without my partner in crime. But still, who was this letter from? 

>This letter is to tell you that I love you. That you're important, and that people care about you. Most importantly, that I care about you. You're stronger than what you've think. You're intelligent, smart, brave, daring, and compassionate. You have goals, aspirations, and a bright future ahead of you. Don't let this stop you. Don't let anything stop you. I love you, and it's time to tell the world.

>With Love,
 
>Me.

I got up from my bed, and walked over to the closet. I finally knew who was behind the door. I turned the handle slowly. The door creaked as the evening rays of the setting sun illuminated the dark abyss inside. 

I stood up, and walked out of the closet. 