Muscle vs bone.

The ultimate struggle between life and death.

The only time this had happened in recorded history. 

He had total control over my skeletal structure, but the invisible force that powered it was exactly as powerful as my muscles. This meant that if we both pulled a direction, the arm would move twice as fast as normal. If I pulled right and he pulled left, the forces were balanced and my arm wouldn't move. If one of us lay limp, the other had normal control. His movement should have been excruciating; instead I felt nothing. And there was no damage to my body when he moved, other than the fatigue of resisting him.

All the while, he was whispering in my ear- a harsh, sickening, horrible whisper. And he could hear me when I spoke. He called himself Frank, and in his past life he was a butcher. He was quite intelligent- the kind of man who always had a plan. We both hated our current predicament, but I hated it far more than he did. I tried to send him back, but he resisted my muscle movement. I demanded to know why and he told me that he wasn't going back. Not to the place of the elephants. I demanded to know what that was, but he outplayed me with words and subtly brushed my question off.

Eventually, I had to face the facts- he wasn't going anytime soon. So I decided, and he agreed, to go down to the park and run to relieve stress. We ran twice as fast as I could normally. I laughed about how we could be an Olympic athlete. He agreed, and said that he was down to try.

The two of us trained for well over 6 months. Every other day, we'd run increasingly fast. Eventually, we were easily hitting 30 MPH- faster than Usain Bolt. Faster than any human had ever run in modern history. The two of us submitted our application to the 100 meter and prepared to win our gold medal. I closed my eyes to go to sleep the night before and prepared to be world famous. The cash reward for winning a world record was now off the charts. Enough to last for dozens of years. 

I closed my eyes and threw them open what seemed like a second later. I was blinded by sudden light. And I looked around and saw people and armored elephants. Odd elephants- their trunks split off like a squid's with grabbing claws at the end and there was some needle in the center that looked like it could stick out and poke into whatever it grabbed. I remembered for the first time in months, the skeleton was gone. I looked down and saw that there was a giant stab would through my chest and that my neck was cut. I was shocked, and then I heard my alarm clock going off.

We sat up in bed and got ready (by this point we had perfect synergy, but he was following my lead). Usain Bolt looked at us and thought we'd be easy pickings. Boy, was he surprised when we pulled out ahead of him! We beat his world record and received thirty million dollars. Feeling high, we worked out again today before going to bed. The skeleton got up and started to walk around the apartment. The combination of my trust for him and my exhaustion made me not notice that he was pulling out a sharp knife until he had already plunged it into my rib cage. I screamed and screamed and for a moment my control over my muscles slipped. The skeleton covered my mouth with soon to be his and his alone hand. He whispered, "Mine now, bitch," and brought the knife down for one final strike across the throat.

 I was blinded by sudden light. And I looked around and saw people and armored elephants. Odd elephants- their trunks split off like a squid's with grabbing claws at the end and there was some needle in the center that looked like it could stick out and poke into whatever it grabbed. That meant people. It grabbed the people and plunged the needle into their faces. And they screamed for hours. The elephants rotated through people, actively hunting people and trying to stick the needle inside. The terrain was hilly, forest, and rocky, so some primitive weapons could be made and certain ground held tactical advantages. Once, I saw an assault from six people on an isolated elephant. The elephant crushed one, who rematerialized moments later but it can't have felt good, knocked one aside with his armor plating. He swung his trunk and took out two. The final man desperately tried to escape as the elephant closed in on it fast as a grizzly bear, eventually grabbing his foot with the squid trunk and bringing him down to be stung by the needle.

I befriended a man called Jones. Jones had been here for thirty years and he told me how things worked down here. This was the afterlife. There was no permanent injury as you healed very quickly and if you died fighting, you rematerialized soon. But there was pain. Forty times greater than the living world. The elephants used us for feeding, their masters used that to motivate them. We required no food to survive. But there was only one way to escape it- to consume the flesh of an elephant. From there, you waited until the humans summoned you into a skeleton and you had access to that skeleton as long as the bones didn't get severely damaged or you didn't get expelled by magic. Once they pushed past a critical threshold, you were immediately sent back here.

I asked him if he knew Frank and he said yes. He said that Frank was a crafty bastard who cheated his way to victory. He secretly united the four largest clans who rose up, killed an elephant, and were cooking it. The tribal leaders were about to eat it when Frank brought a swarm of elephants to the camp and stole some flesh in the confusion. And the elephants burned the body of their kin so that man couldn't use it. Few had figured it out until years later. "That bastard has always had an agenda," Jones said, shaking his head. I told him everything that had happened in my past life and he nodded, telling me that it sounded like him. I inquired about the clans and he told me that they were banded together to defend areas for resources of weapons and armor. These tribes were very territorial as the resources were limited, but regenerative. Jones was an outcast because he fucked with the biggest one's tribal leader and war was to be declared on any tribe that took him in.

I wanted to return to the mortal world. To kill Frank. So I devised a plan to get back.

I knew what I needed. Three stones, two a certain shape and small, the other large and flat. Two large, straight sticks. Binding rope. Two elephants. Two large piles of wood. Flint and steel. Luckily, Jones and I were able to find these. I sharpened the small rocks with the flat one. and attached it to the stick with rope to make two spears. I lit a fire and heated the tip of the spear. There were two elephants within perfect range of each other over a hill to block vision. Close enough to run to, far enough to be out of earshot. 

I snuck up on the first one and threw the spear into its eye socket, pissing it off. I then sprinted toward the other elephant, rolling out of the way whenever it caught up to me. It was a game of cat and mouse, but eventually we went over the top of the hill with the elephant moving too fast to stop. I dodged it like a bullfighter from Spain and it crashed into its friend, knocking it over. Immediately, it retorted, striking it hard with its trunk and charging into it with its ivory horns. The impact killed it. The victorious elephant let out a loud cry and walked off. I grabbed the second spear and began cutting open the elephant, carrying its flesh to the second fire where we cooked it and ate it. 

I was reanimated into a skeleton near where I lived. Frank, in my body, was now living in a four story mansion. I withdrew a few hundred thousand dollars from my bank account with the password. I bought a helicopter and a fridge with several bowling balls in it. Frank was on his balcony, surveying the land. Maybe he was even thinking about how long it would take for me to return. He didn't need to wait long. He saw a helicopter fly overhead and he dismissed it, but then was suddenly smashed by a falling refrigerator. I landed the chopper and said, "mine now, bitch." 


But I knew he'd be back. And when he returned, he'd kill me. Then I'd go back and kill him. It will be a perpetual cycle for the rest of humanity.