How quickly the new legislation came into law was only the *second* most surprising thing about the new world.

The *most* surprising thing was the lengths to which the new legislation went to avoid the mention of liars.

All things considered, the governments of the world were less affected by the upheaval than you might expect. These were people who had decades of experience weaseling around the truth, giving answers to another question than what was asked, and carefully constructing statements that were not *technically* lies. A common, unspoken agreement to *not* insist on yes-or-no answers was made to avoid uncomfortable or even devastating revelations, as the majority of politicians could easily be ruined in the public eye as a result.

The average joe wasn't so lucky. Most aspects of the justice system were made obsolete in months. If someone refused to categorically deny an allegation, it was enough for a conviction. They could not afford to track down and interrogate *every* suspect of a crime, and so, in an unprecedented move, laws were passed granting amnesty to all but the most heinous criminals for anything that occured before, well, the event. 

No one in their right mind would consider this even remotely fair or justified... if they didn't know about the *liars*. Which, well, you might not, if the letter of the law was the extent of your knowledge. But people *talked*. What sounded like a crazy conspiracy theory at first quickly became an open secret: Some people retained the ability to lie. And I was one of them, something only I knew.

Obviously, liars sought to keep a low profile. In a world where telling untruths was a literal impossibility for almost everyone, revealing yourself as a liar would be social suicide. 'Liar' became a frequently used insult, most commonly applied to those who were adept at *bending* the truth. Actual liars being outed, however, happened infrequently enough that people remained comfortable pretending that nobody *they* knew was a liar.

I'm suspecting liars are much more common than it appears, though. Some time after the event, after everyone managed to settle down and find a routine, people started disappearing. Most people knew someone who knew someone whose brother, coworker, babysitter or whatever suddenly didn't come home one day. I don't know if it's the police, the government, or some shadowy international organization. I don't know how they sniff out the liars. But whoever, whatever, however, they're good at it. What I said earlier? I'm not sure revealing yourself as a liar isn't *actual* suicide.

You might think now, well, why are the liars getting caught? All they have to do is not lie. Everyone else had to get used to it, to how your tongue would simply stop working for a few seconds whenever you acted on the intent to tell an untruth. It's not even hard to fake. Just play along, and there's nothing they can nab you for.

Take it from a liar. You know why they get caught? Lying is *exhilirating*. Imagine that one day, you're one of a very small number of people who can turn invisible at will, and as long as nobody sees you turning from visible to invisible or vice-versa, you're safe to use and abuse it however you want. Could you really resist that temptation?

Such is it with lying. To anyone who remembers the old days, when lying was easy and commonplace, this might seem ridiculous. But this is different. With your words being treated as God's honest truth in the vast majority of cases, it feels like you have the power to shape reality. Whereas getting away with a lie before would make you feel smart and cunning, this feeling is now magnified to where it feels like you're smarter than *the entire world*. 

And so I've lied. Little lies at first, to test the waters, to see what I could get away with. More influential ones later, to get me in someone's good graces, to get out of trouble, to get ahead in life. I'm telling you, even the unverifiable lies, the ones that no one could possibly refute short of by reading your mind; you have no idea how much power they have. I'm not sure if I could stop lying if I wanted to.

Maybe it takes a few years. Possibly ten. But I think they will eventually get all of us. I don't think they can afford to leave liars running around. But when they do, I want you to know: we were powerless to resist the temptation.