Hibernation day is finally here! I’ve been waiting for this day for 21 years! Well that’s how old I am and I guess if we’re being honest I never really got the concept until I was about 8 so  technically I’ve been waiting for this day for 13 years! Still a long time. 

My great grandma is one of the few people still alive from the initial Hibernation 90 years ago and while she was only 5 at the time, she always reminisces on how it was the best experience and how the hibernation gave her the best dreams! She however won’t be joining us this time since you can only be administered the  hibernation drugs once. I already bid her a farewell last week as we had to had to be in the hibernation centers for orientation and training before we actually began our hibernation. They mostly teach us what happens in hibernation, what we can expect when we wake and how to open the pod from the inside if we need to when we wake up. 

I stand eagerly by my pod waiting to get in people watching in the meantime. I see our “guide” going around answering any last questions, talking very loudly about something that happens to 1% of all people who hibernate but her voice is too annoying to listen to much more. I see a little girl by her mother sucking her thumb and holding a blanket, and a man standing by himself with jet black hair and sea green eyes with a look of determination on his face. He catches my eye and grins. 

“Okay everyone!” Our moist guide chirps in her high pitched voice. “Enter your pods and the hibernation will begin.” We all climb in and the pods close after us. A Siri sounding voice comes over the intercoms in our pods to tell count us down after something is injected into our arms. 

“3,2,1, Happy Hibernation!” I close my eyes in anticipation only to open them 10 seconds later. Nothing happened. Well okay maybe it takes time to kick in. Five minutes pass then ten and that’s when I know something is wrong. I search for the failsafe button, push it and step out of my pod. I look around at all of the other closed pods. Shit. This isn’t happening. Shit shit shit shit shit. I start hyperventilating. What am I going to do. They didn’t prepare me for this. Just then another pod opens to my right a few down. The man with the jet black hair and sea green eyes steps out confused. He looks at me and just before he says anything another pod opens and another until there’s 10 of us standing in a room of thousands of pods.

We’re all looking at each other waiting for one another to be the first to ask the most obvious question. What the fuck is going on? I open my mouth to ask when suddenly we hear light banging coming from another pod. Nobody moves. I roll my eyes and head over to the pod it’s coming from. I pull the lever on the side of the pod to open the door and inside the pod is the little girl I saw earlier. Tears streaming down her face. I pick her up. “Shhhh it’s okay hubby.” I walk to her mothers pod that’s directly by her and see her fast asleep. Crap. 

“What do we do?” A middle aged women asks weakly. 

“There’s nothing we can do!” A younger maybe even teenage boy yells. I set the child down wipe her tears and tell her to stay put. Then I start searching.

“What are you looking for?” The man with the sea green eyes asks me. I stop in front of a pod and start pressing buttons until the person inside starts waking up. 

“The guide.” I say stepping back after I pull the lever on her pod. An hour and a lot of lecturing later the guide finally tires out her mousy voice. I understand why she’s so mad I mean she can never go into hibernation again but hey this is her job she signed up for it she gets to fix whatever the hell went wrong. 

“I just don’t understand!” She yells for the hundredth time.

“Understand what?” One of the other says again for the hundredth time.

“Why you didn’t just look for the maintenance  team!” She cries. Suddenly there’s a loud bang like a gunshot from down the hall. And another. And another. Somethings wrong. I pick the child up and the man with the sea green eyes who was talking to her to keep her calm seconds ago stands in front of us instinctively. Fast footsteps start approaching us. We all huddle together ready to fight when a man sprayed in blood comes into to view. He stops for a moment catching he’s breath. 

“Got to leave!” He yells at us. “They’re... coming.” The man faints and we all look at each other. Then we all start running the opposite direction the man came. After what seems like hours of running we finally make it out of the building and into a large van that we just barely fit into. 

“Where are we going to go there’s no one left awake but us and we don’t even know what we’re running from!” The teenage boy yells. I think for a moment and remember my great grandma who wasn’t put under hibernation. I look to the middle age women who was unlucky enough to have landed herself behind the wheel.

“Drive.” I tell her in a hopeful voice. “I know a place.”