There I was. Seeing the photo emerge from darkness to hazy colour, I'm taken back in dismay. There it was. That photo. Valentines 2006. It wasn't exactly 10 years ago today, but I knew it was close enough to be. I could still remember her, she took this photo almost 10 years ago. She gave it to me as a memory to never lose. Strange how you never expect to lose things and then 10 years later you almost forget you ever had them. 
It had been 7 years since Alison and I broke up. Sure we were young, and you may tell me I didn't know what true love it. 
"You're only 19, go out and enjoy your life while you're still young!" The hoard of distant friends would chant at me while I wanted to be alone, and never wanted to be alone again. I wondered for a brief moment if I had this photo and I just picked it up? Surely I couldn't have just been given a photo I already have? And why now, 10 years later?
I started to feel numb, sat down staring at the photo of me and Alison I wondered why it never worked out. I'd never truly forgotten Alison, I see her from time to time and it isn't that painful anymore. I can't say it doesn't hurt, it always has. People tell me she wasn't the one and I just smirk and agree all the while I'm crying inside because I thought she was. 
Remembering the break up one detail rose above the rest, that photo. That blurry Polaroid of two young lovers wasn't the right one. On the back it said the same thing, in the same black pen with the same small smudge on the second e of Valentines. That photo was the one thing she wanted when we broke up. Her favourite memento loaned to me, she wanted back. I gave it back. I remember her telling me how she felt, we'd grown apart. 
"I still love you, I just don't know if I'm in love with you anymore" she said as I heaved and cried onto her shoulder exclaiming this isn't how things are supposed to happen. She thought she needed to fix all her problems alone, not to drag me down with her. She was always cute when she was stubborn but now this was how her mind was made, it didn't have the same appeal it once did. 
Life isn't like a book or a film or any kind of fiction, because fiction has direction and life just happens. But looking at this Polaroid that's 10 years old, but seemingly I took today. Looking at how I just happened to be where we took this photo 10 years ago. I was given back one of the 2 things I lost in that breakup. And now I was going to show this photo to the second thing I lost. Life doesn't have direction but this happened for a reason, and making life happen how I want it to.