I was lying on my back under the Eastlake bridge as street kids and their pit bulls maneuvered around me. I'd been living on my last $20 dollars for five days which I spent on none food items. My buddy Shamrock told me I could smoke the dirt under the bridge and stay high for days. He was right, I was just coming to after what felt like 48 hours had passed. I hadn't opened my eyes yet, only my ears were coherent to the world. There was a girl crying in the distance muffled by the downpour that had just started and immediately I felt no relief and started wondering what I could fashion my next pipe from. 
It felt like yesterday that my life had been together and moving though I knew that wasn't true, a year and a half had already passed. The shame and guilt of time passing through my pain and turning into nothing terrified me but only as long as a nicotine craving would harness my focus. "There are bigger forces at hand," I would repeat to myself when the anxiety wouldn't quit. "What had happened did because it was suppose to, self actualization doesn't exist, I am a product of a fucked environment, my choices don't mean anything".
As I placed my palms on the powdery dirt to hoist myself up, I opened my eyes to a little squirrel perched on my knee. Even though I hated all rodents or any animal that resembled one, I didn't flitch, I wanted something near me so badly. The squirrel just stared at me for a while and then, with his delicate arm pulled a post-it note from behind his back. The paper floated toward my face bumping into my bottom lip and the squirrel's fur started to glow which didn't frighten me because I was completely fucked up on Eastlake bridge dirt anyway. I fumbled the post-it for a second, keeping my eyes on the squirrel. Sure enough there was a message written there, "I owe you, what do you want most?" My inner turmoil is fucking with me again I thought, this time in an unprecedented way. Was I really asking myself such a transcendental question through the image of some kind of Red Wall character? I sighed and repeated the message over and over. "I owe you, what do you want most? I owe you, what do you want most? I owe you, what do you want most? I owe . . . you . . . what do I want most?