'All these super-beings in this super-society make me super-sick.' said Kramer. 

'Not another complaint outta you,' the bartender slammed down a glass of ale, 'Drink up.'

Kramer eyed up the bartender, rubbed his nose and sat up on the barstool leaning against the bar, 'Are you a super?'

'What did I say?'

'Please, just humble me, are you a super?'

The bartender scoffed at the question. He held out his arms and looked around, 'Do I look like a super?'

Kramer looked at the black swirling potion with a frothy head before him. He lifted the glass to determine its weight and dropped it back onto the bar. The potion spewed over the rim coating the cracker dry coaster beneath it. 

'What could you do, to become one?' Kramer asked. 

The bartender pondered for a moment. 'Well, uh, this is what I enjoy doing. Believe it or not, I don't mind listening to hopeless soles spill out their crushed hopes and dreams whilst I managed my steed here.' The bartender pets the bar top. 

'Steed? You ride this thing?' Kramer said leaning off the sticky surface. 

The bartender glared at him. 

'Carry on I won't interrupt.' Kramer said. 

'My point being, this is my job and this is all I want to do in my life. Trouble is without scumbags like you -'

'-gee thanks-'

'- I can't do my job because I need custom to survive. So how can I be a super if I need custom to be super good at what I do?'

Kramer pondered for a while. The bartender returned to the dishwasher and pulled out the tray of steaming glass. With the tail of the white rag strapped to his waist, he pulled out a glass at a time and rubbed it dry with the cloth. 

Kramer browsed the selection of potions on the shelves behind the bar. He ignored all the lower shelves and focused on the middle and top rows. 

'If you could serve more alcohol than anyone else in this state in any given day, that'd make you a super wouldn't it?'

The bartender finished putting a dried glass back under the bar. He poked his head up looking to Kramer. 'And when am I gonna serve ten thousand pints to ten thousand customers?' He retorted. 

'Well,' Kramer rubbed his chin, 'you don't necessarily need ten-kay worth of folk.'

The bartender grabbed the bar and pulled himself up. 'Oh and I suppose you could drink ten thousand litres yourself,' he walked over to Kramer and spread his arm out onto the bar and leaned over to him, 'with that great big stash of money in your backside.'

Kramer waved his hand in front of his nose, 'Smelly as you are, you have a valid point. On the money I mean. Sure I reckon I could drink that many litres of alcohol,' Kramer rubbed his belly, 'take me a lil while.'

'But I'll be bankrupt and no longer a bartender. Nevermind a super.'

'I'm no genius mister, but if you could publicise an event with tickets to witness it I'm pretty sure with the right amount of tickets sold, you could get your money and turn a profit too.'

The bartender leaned over and grabbed Kramer's coat, pulling him in, face to face. 

'Listen rummy, I ain't no super ain't gonna be one! But more importantly you can't even handle one pint on the house, nevermind a ridiculous amount of ale that'd kill you before you got to a hundred!'

The bartender threw Kramer back into his seat. 

Kramer pulled out some papers from the inside pocket of his coat. 

'What's that? You filing a complaint?' The bartender jibed. 

'The deed to my house. Have to hand to it over to the wife,' Kramer expelled a short cry and took a breath, 'ex... wife, next Tuesday at the divorce hearing.'

'She sick of yer rambling too eh?'

'Shut up tubby. I'm offering you this deed as a guarantee that if I don't drink ten thousand litres of alcohol, my life and my wealth... my fate is in your hands.'

Kramer holds out the folded papers to the bartender. 

The bartender snatches the papers and opens them up skimming the details. 

'Deal!'


The next three days the bartender closed his pub in order to get the word out. The local papers, billboards and word of mouth advertised and spread the event of a freak show so overwhelmingly stupid it'd be too entertaining not to miss it. 

On the night of the fourth day, Kramer found his local was heaving. Folks he'd never seen in his life asking for more info about this wacky spectacle. 

Kramer had to use the back entrance just to get in. Fortunately the bartender was in the back changing the barrels over. 

'Kray! Thankgod your here. There's so many people out there I could do with a hand.' 

'I'm no bartender.'

'I just need you to explain, show them what's gonna happen. People think I'm full of shit. Saying it's just a publicity stunt to get more custom.'

'Seems to be working.' Kramer said. 

'Look I need to swap these. Can you go in there and stall em.'

Kramer helped out the bartender that night by betting with the doubters that if he couldn't drink ten thousand litres of alcohol the next day at the local park, where a wider audience could witness, he'd legally allow the whole town to open up their weapons on him at the Daschund firing range and he'd pay what wealth he had left for the ammo. 

The fifth day arrived. People of all talents were waiting for Kramer to come onto the stage. 

Even supers showed up. 

'You ready Kray?' The bartender asked him back stage. 

'I see there's a few super bullshitter out there saying I done a runner.'

'Well prove em wrong. Get out there and do as you promised. For the love of God my life's on the line too y'know.'

'I'll prove all them sick fuckers wrong. You got all the spirits?'

Five trucks outside storing the booze. What you want to drink first?'

'Vodka.'

Kramer went on stage where the audience came Alice with cheers and applause as well as heckles and boos. 

The bartender arrived on stage with a bottle of vodka. Kramer snatched it from him and began drinking in an instant. 

It went down so quick the bartender rushed back and grabbed two more bottles. When he returned Kramer was waiting. An empty vodka bottle on the floor. 

'Just keep em coming. Don't watch.' Kramer said. 

The following day, having lasted twenty hours, Kramer was still drinking bottle after bottle. A huge heap of them had piled up on the stage around his chair. Most rolled off onto the grass below. 

The bartender had others helping him unload the booze off the trucks and onto the stage. The audience had withered down through the night with a handful who camped out. By the daytime more and more people arrived. The bartender's wife was overworked collecting the money for the tickets. 

By the seventh and final day, Kramer had drank the last bottle of whiskey. A clean total of ten thousand. 

He let go of the bottle barely conscious. The bottle clanged and rattled as it rolled over the mass collection below.

His entire waist had ballooned out to the size of a zeppelin.

The crowd gasped and voices began rumouring he was dead for he didn't move an inch. 

The bartender, aching and tired realises its over and collapses. 

A super-intelligent man steps up onto the stage and says to the massive audience, 'This man has become the worlds first Super-bartender! Let's reward him with our hands of gratitude for his service to this courageous yet idiotic fellow.'

The atmosphere rumbled with applause. 

A voice in the crowd cried out, 'What about the drinker?'

The intelligent man looked at Kramer, motionless in the chair. He returned to the microphone staring out at all the people waiting in anticipation. 

'Well, ain't it obvious? The fellow's just super-drunk!' 