The phone rang, and 'Bob' dragged himself towards caring.

He had been taking a decade off to recover after a few rather nasty loops in a row. First it had been Warhammer 40k. Ugh. Even with cosmic-scale powers you just couldn't win there. Then it had been 1984, and he'd been Winston. And his powers had been locked. Not really wanting a faceful of rat or any other sort of room 101 encounter and execution, he'd tried to keep his nose down. That had been a bad choice. It left him depressed. So, first thing he'd done when he woke up here was to let people know he could help if it came down to it.

They had abused this, briefly. He had raised the prices until they stopped bothering him. It hadn't been as cathartic as he'd hoped.

The phone rang again. He reached over and picked it up. "Hello, Bob here."

"Uh, hello. We've had a problem, and it, ah, ate a thermonuclear explosion. Didn't even singe the guy who set it off."

"Sounds benign if he lived."

"Well, then it ate him, too. And it's coming this way. Can you…"

*Fine.* Bob teleported to a point above area 51 and looked down on some N-dimensional horror the color out of space, that otherwise vaguely resembled Cthulhu but looked perhaps a bit more abstract. Didn't really faze him. He'd taken the max SAN penalty on all that aeons ago. "What are you doing?" he shouted in R'leyhian. The thing picked the sound out and turned up in recognition.

"Yeah, what are you doing? You can beat those guys, sure. But didn't you get the memo? I made Nyarlathotep squeal for mercy. And I kind of like those guys. So seriously, what are you thinking? Or are you mindless?"

It stared.

"Looks like you just follow instructions. Great. Spit out anyone you've eaten in the past week. Keep the nuke. Then go to sleep. Got that? Or do I get to use your corpse to reorganize my pocket?"

The thing convulsed and fifty soldiers and scientists were restored to regular Euclidean space. It then stopped moving altogether. It was still dangerous for regular people to look at directly, but not deadly.

Bob descended and memory-charmed the victims so they wouldn't have time to ruminate on the impressions and worsen the psychic damage.

Now, what suitable punishment would he deliver to the commanders who had made this happen? This thing didn't bust out on its own. This time, he'd get creative. Maybe a multigenerational curse would get the point across. But it had to be something that wouldn't be punitive for the later generations…