I have long had favourites in this world. Those who would honour me with respect, and those who I would often meet. The man before me was both. From the moment I first met him, I knew he would have a good long life ahead of him. Even as he watched the life fade from his father, I saw the fire that it stoked inside him. I saw him infrequently in his youth, often just a passing spectator to my deeds, but sometimes more involved. 

It was on the day his mother joined me, that I truly saw his fire burning. I had known standing there that he would not be happy, but it was not my choice. As the bullet pierced her chest, I swung my scythe, reaping her soul. I saw his eyes, and he looked at me with respect and fear. 

I feel like we both revisit that day often in our memories, for that was a momentous day for us both. He has called to me everyday since then, wishing for my help. I have never intervened, not really anyway. A few of his enemies I may have taken moments before their time, but those moments I have given to others when I could. He surely would’ve died a long time ago if I hadn’t of helped him, but then again it wasn’t his time. 

He is undoubtedly the most skilled swordsman I have ever seen, and I have seen many trained knights and samurais. The number of people he has sent my way is a testament to his skill, and his determination. I pity him, for this path was not his only choice. The first time I saw him, I saw all his futures, including the one with his wife and children adoring him. Instead he chose this path. My path. And now at the end of his path is Me, Death. 

Looking down on him, he appears so frail. It makes me sad that he has no-one to share this moment with, as he’s had no one to share his life with. I will speak with him soon, but first I must take his soul.

I raise my scythe to bring it down in a sweeping curve, designed to sever the soul from the body with as little pain as possible. I close my eyes, trusting my swing, and not wanting to see the tears that slowly fall down his face. A loud screech pierces the air, as my hands shudder from the impact. Opening my eyes I realise that his blade has met mine. I smile, as I watch the fire still burning in his soul. 

“Well met,” he says with a steel edge to his voice. 

“Well met, indeed,” my voice echoes weirdly in this half-life I inhabit, “I have been watching your journey.”

“And did you enjoy it?”

“It was a journey well made.”

“And now?” 

“And now, my friend it is your time. You have helped many on their way to me, and now it’s your turn to finish the journey.” 

“What if I don’t want to die? What if I refuse to go?”

“You cannot refuse your fate, even I can barely delay it.”

“And would you delay it? For me?” I could hear the plea in his voice. He truly wanted to do more for this world, he truly didn’t want to die. 

“I am doing so right now, but I can’t delay beyond a few hours of extra time. I’m sorry.”

He looked at me then, looked me in the eye. I could tell then what he would ask, as I had always expected this is how it would end. This is how it should end. “Will you do me the honour—“

“Of course.” How could I refuse. How could I look him in the eye and refuse his final request. 

He stands before me, both old and young, returning to the prime of his life. In his hands is a two-handed long sword, the point buried in the ground. He leans on it slightly, like an old man resting on a cane. He needn’t though, his body has returned now to that which he would’ve considered optimal. As is fitting for his last fight. 

I stand across from him, and with a thought transform my scythe into a sword much like his. Mine however has no colour. Where his hilt was encrusted with many fetching jewels, mine has only onyx. And his blade so silvery white, a stark contrast to my greyish black. I sweep the sword through the air a few times, getting a feel for the weight of it. It has been a long time since I’ve used a sword, and even then it has only ever been against the dead. 

“Let us begin,” his voice carries in the air. A slight tremble at the end is the only sign of his nervousness as he faces me with calm. 

I look at him, and nod my agreement, bringing blade up to match his. The first attack comes from him, a simple strike straight at where my heart should be. I parry easily, and prepare to counter, but the weight of his blade falls away. The first few strikes are similar, taking turns to attack briefly, while we find our rhythm. I strike quickly, aiming for his throat, but change halfway and thrust towards his left leg. He parries, but barely. A small tear in his pants form, and he grunts in acknowledgment. He takes a step back, before coming at me. I can see all the futures, all his moves just before he makes them, and so I move as if to parry his feint, then change direction at the same time as him to strike his blade. He moves faster now, changing his mind faster than I can follow. I stop thinking about the future, the present is what matters now. He presses the attack, and I continue to step back. I have no equal, but he sure is coming close. I feel his blade tear through the fabric of my cloak, and hear the ripping of the cloth. I have worn this cloak since the universe began, and not once has it been damaged, until today. 

We both step back. I look at him in surprise, and in turn he smiles with satisfaction. He lifts his sword again, and this time it is I who presses the attack. I feint left, right, up and down. Somehow his blade is always there. I work now against his blade. The small chinks that sounded every time our blades met are no more. The sound now is a harsher sound, like a drawn out screech. I move faster than any mortal ever could, yet still his sword meets mine, in ever louder screams of metal on metal. He seems to be able to anticipate my every move, and so I move now to avoid his blade, as he moves to knock mine away. No more do we aim for each other, instead we focus on the blades. With a violent shudder that echoes down my arm, I strike his blade, just above the hilt, wrenching it from his hands. 

I step back, as he looks at me in awe and respect. My sword shifts back to a scythe, and he gives a slight nod of acquiescence as I raise it above him. 

“You fought well,” I tell him, as my scythe severs his soul from his body. His body returns to that of an old man, and his soul returns to that of a young boy. The same age he was when his mother died. 

With tears in my eyes, I say a silent farewell to the greatest swordsman who ever lived. 