Elon Musk clapped his hands before pointing to his rival, James Bond. Elon took in a deep breath before announcing, “It is time!” Elon tapped his watch while moving over towards the control panel surrounded by his employees. 

“Is this thing working?” Elon tapped the microphone. The microphone was linked into the spacesuit in which James Bond was trapped inside of. The white spacesuit was locked into position inside of a Tesla Roadster built onto Elon’s rocket.

“Okay, I hope this thing is working now because I must tell you about my plan that is literally out of this world!” Elon covered the microphone before laughing. “I’ll tell you what I’m going to do Mr. Bond. I’m going to have you in that spacesuit with a radio, strapped to my Tesla. Then,” Elon tried to fight his giggle, “while mankind watches, I’ll launch you into space!” Elon smiled waiting for James to respond. Elon realized that James wasn’t able to talk back from his suit. “It’s okay, Mr. Bond. I know that you are speechless! Let me just say that the last thing you’ll hear before leaving this earth forever, will be everyone’s applause.” Elon glanced over towards his employees letting out a good chuckle.

Talulah Riley, a beautifully blonde European woman with green eyes locked onto Elon’s madness. “Stop!” She insisted, “You can’t do this!”

Elon snapped his fingers before one of his men grabbed Talulah. “I’ll deal with you later.” Elon waved the man to escort her out of the hanger. He leaned himself over the controls before pressing the rocket to start initial launch protocol.

“Finally.” Elon remarked. “I will have finally solved the James Bond problem once and for all.”

Elon pressed the ignition on the control panel. His employees tried to insist that he shouldn’t handle the controls but this was Elon’s show now. He knew it was he who had to launch James Bond into space personally. 

The thrusters sparked into a bright blue flame before taking off from the ground. Elon cheered as he watched the Tesla holding James within the suit lift up towards the heavens. The rocket darted towards the atmosphere playing Bowie from Elon's controls.

Elon took a few seconds of victory before looking over his shoulder at one of his employees holding their hands up in fear. Elon slowly turned around to find James Bond holding a pistol in front of him. 

“It’s over Elon.” James frowned.

“Over? I just launched the rocket that you were supposed to be on! How did you escape?!”

“What are you talking about? I was never on the rocket.” James raised his pistol to eye level.

Elon scrunched his brow before scratching his head. “You were in the spacesuit. How are you no longer in the spacesuit?”

“I was never in a spacesuit.”

Talulah barged back into the hanger with a gun given to her by James. Elon quickly glanced over at Talulah holding the gun up towards him. While making her way up the stairs onto the control deck, she glared at Elon.

Elon, unarmed, smiled towards James. James rolled his eyes before noticing that Talulah was now aimed down onto him instead of Elon. “You were supposed to be on that rocket.” She remarked.

“I must say if I had been, you played the part of damsel in distress quite well.” James replied.

Elon motioned her to his side. “Always loyal to the mission at hand, unlike your cancer in Europe.”

James didn’t lower his weapon. He and Talulah kept aim on each other before Elon pointed his forefinger in the air asking, “Who was it then?”

“Who was what then?” James asked.

“If you weren’t in that suit, then who did I just launch into space?” Elon laughed while Talulah kept a stern face.

James’ expression fell when he realized that Agent Q was nowhere in sight. In this moment the sound of the rocket piercing the atmosphere thundered in the distance.

***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)