To say it was shocking would be like saying the Hindenberg got a little too warm one day.

One moment I'm making a fun, silly pledge with my best friend, and the next thing I know a middle-aged person literally appears out of thin air and commits an act of murder without hesitation.

The confusing cherry on top of this sundae of horror and impossibility was the fact that the killer looked just like an older version of *me*. Covered in scars, hair half-gray, but definitely me.

And then I was alone again, standing next to my best friend while smoke climbed up into the air above the bullet hole in his forehead. His knees buckled as his eyes rolled back, and down he went.

I don't think humans are emotionally equipped to deal with death that well, especially when it's violent. But the fact that we were joking around about time travel, and the appearing-disappearing murderer being unmistakably *me*, made therapy ineffective.

They reassured me that the trauma and shock warped my memories of the event, that it had been a cruelly random drive-by shooting. They never even found the bullet, the police said. And eventually I stopped arguing with them.

My memory was fine, though. I spent hours analyzing the images in my head; any detail of my future self's appearance could be a hint of how time-travel worked. If I could figure it out, I could travel too and save my friend.

Would that cause a paradox? I had no idea if time-travel worked like it did on TV. I had to find out.

I took meticulous notes in all my science classes, and eventually got a scholarship at a rather nice university. I majored in astrophysics--not because I wanted to study space, but because the physics on Earth didn't cover every situation that was possible in this universe. And I needed to understand as much as possible if I were to find the right set of conditions to enable time travel.

The theory and technical details are fully explained in my thesis, which will be automatically emailed to my supervisor in just a few hours. I don't know if I'll be around at that point, you see.

My first few trials yielded nothing, of course, but gradually, as I understood more of the parameters, results began to appear. Fuzzy, hologram-like images of arbitrary regions of space from certain points in the past or future. Oddly, it was much easier to finely control the future settings. With the past, half the time I ended up missing the date I wanted by a few centuries. For the future, I managed to learn how to get it correct almost down to the second.

Finally, I saw me. It was the first time I'd seen a human, too, so I doubt it was chance. Before then, I had seen bricks and sections of tree trunks and lumps of dirt. Most of the world is empty of humans, after all. I wasn't quite prepared.

He was looking right at me. He couldn't possibly see me, but I suppose he remembered doing what I was doing, and was thus able to look in the right direction. Sneering, he carefully mouthed a certain expletive just before the image grew unstable and faded.

My efforts increased. More years, more work. The stress of it all aged me horribly, but it had become an obsession by this point. I refused to be a murderer, and would do anything to stop myself from becoming one. Especially at the cost of a carefree teenage boy's life.

And then it happened. I managed to connect with matter, not just photons. I had essentially opened a portal in time--still stable for only a few seconds, but now I could interact with and hear what was contained within it. A sphere, of diameter 2.16m, within which was whichever point in the future one desired to visit. Things could be removed from it, but nothing from my current time would remain in the portal once it closed. I could, for example, remove an apple from a future fruit bowl, but if I replaced it with a pear, the pear would remain in the bowl only as long as the portal stayed open. Then, everything from the future would vanish, the fruit bowl would be gone, and the pear would fall to the ground. From the point of view of someone standing in the fruit bowl's room, a disembodied arm would reach out, take an apple, replace it with a pear, and then both the pear and the arm would vanish. Permanent travel to the future was, for now, impossible. I could only catch a few seconds of experience at a time.

"Come get me," he said as soon as I locked onto his position again, using a copy of the settings' data from the previous contact.

The portal closed, and as soon as I opened it again, he was gone. That was fine. I had guessed that he would run. Running my finger across the floor inside the portal allowed me to remove dust, which analysis revealed a higher-than-background level of tachyons. These in turn contained data that let me track him to his next location. It was 200 years afterwards. I could not truly travel in time, but it seems he could.

That only meant that I would be able to, too.

"You'll have to do better than that," was his next greeting. His next several, in fact, were all variations on the same theme.

I toyed with the idea of getting a tranquillizer dart to stop him escaping each time, just so I could physically pull him out of the portal and question him when he woke up. Why kill? It had been over ten years since the event, but I still felt no closer to being a murderer. What had happened to make him so? How could I avoid it?

It turns out ordinary citizens can't just buy tranqs. I settled for a gun and a letter. I didn't want to kill myself (would that be murder or suicide?), but was willing to cause non-lethal injuries if it meant saving a life.

My plan was simple. Open it at his next location. Since he couldn't see outside the portal's diameter, I would reach inside so he could see my hand with a gun. There was a chance that he would try to grab the weapon from me, so I would wait for the portal to open and see his position first before very briefly showing him the gun somewhere where he couldn't reach.

My letter was essentially a warning, stating that if he didn't allow me to pull him from the portal so we could talk instead of playing this chasing game, I would shoot him in the foot to disable him. If I was still unable to remove him, another non-lethal shot would follow. And so on until he was mine. I had no intention of harming him if he cooperated, and no intention of killing him. Once we had talked, he could go back and do whatever. My next portal would open in the same location but ten minutes later, giving him enough time to read my message but not enough time to prepare anything elaborate in response.

It was difficult to figure out how to give him the letter. If I dropped a piece of paper, it would disappear (from his point of view) after a few seconds, as the portal closed. I could theoretically grab a piece of paper from within the portal, assuming one happened to be caught in the view, and scribble a note, but I only had a few seconds to write. And besides, even if I wrote fast enough and replaced the paper in the portal, the ink would still be from my time, not the future, so when the portal closed, the paper would remain but not the ink with the message.

I finally had a metal branding iron made with my message on it, in reverse. When heated, I only had to press it against paper, wood, or something similar, and it would burn my entire letter at once into the surface. The damaged molecules would still be originally from the portal, from the future, so they would remain for my future self to read.

It went perfectly. Obviously, he had my memory, so he knew what to expect. He had a piece of paper waiting on a chair placed at the point nearest me. I branded my message onto it with the hot iron and showed my gun. He offered no resistance and pulled no tricks. This worried me. I didn't know his motivations. I couldn't hope to outsmart him. How can you outsmart someone who knows everything you know, and then some?

The moment had come. The portal set for plus ten minutes in his time. I only had a few seconds--he would let me lead him by the arm out of the limits of the portal and into my time, or I would shoot him in the foot and reopen the portal as soon as possible while he was still disabled. I had a fully-stocked first aid kit ready to go.

But he was not there when the portal reopened. A spherical section of an ordinary room, the branded paper still sitting on the chair, and him gone. In his place was a book-sized dry-erase board, propped up, bearing the message, "Nice try! So long forever!"

It took a lot longer to trace where he had gone. He had been careful to hide his tracks. After dozens of portal openings, I found a high enough level of tachyons and was able to extrapolate the location in time and space he had fled to.

It was time to use the gun.

He had my memories, but he was only human. If I opened my portal within a few milliseconds of him, he would not have time to react or prepare. Running over the calculations again and again, I aimed my gun towards where his foot was going to be, hit "Enter" on my laptop, and fired.

The portal's viewfield was not level with the ground this time. It was a point slightly higher in space, so where I thought his foot was going to be was actually closer to head-height. I am only human. By the time I realized his trick, I had already pulled the trigger. My best friend, only fifteen years old, suddenly had a hole in his head, while a terrified younger me helplessly looked on.

And the portal closed.