They went by The Ancestors Of Our Enemies. What tribe calls themselves “Ancestors”? What tribe calls themselves by the perception of their enemies? What tribe calls themselves by anything other than their own understanding of their place in the world? It didn’t make sense.

But there it was. Anasazi. A good portion of Mesa Verde had been scarred by the Morefield Fire ten years ago, but the fire revealed more sites than we thought possible in the harsh rocky country.

Everyone thinks of the cliff dwellings, and we discovered a number of the transitionary dwellings as the Anasazi moved from the dugouts and surface complexes to the coolness of Balcony House. A tribe doesn’t just look at a cliff overhang and think “what a great neighborhood!” There are as many cultural steps to that decision as there are stairs carved into the cliff face near the central Mesa Verde complex by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.

We had evidence that the Anasazi had a system of reservoirs, and that was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. I know little about conservation engineering. But reservoirs didn’t make much sense to me. The rainfall is erratic near Wetherill Mesa, but even in the 1400s at the height of the cliff dwellings, it couldn’t have been enough at any point to merit that much effort. In the desert, any labor has to be for maximum benefit. As much as we are tempted in the present day to call every dugout a “ceremonial kiva,” everything in Mesa Verde throughout its history was multiuse. This isn’t a land of milk and honey. This is piñon and bitter roots.

We didn’t know much about their actual religion until the fire. We had no real artistic output save for functional (and beautiful) pottery, which matched a culture that successfully lived under constant deprivation. But it had to be out there, right? We’d been constantly refining the story of the Anasazi for a hundred years, and the one thing I thought about them is that as a historian, I don’t even know what I don’t know yet. I’d been so careful not to make assumptions.

And that’s why, when I started studying how they came to be called The Anasazi, I taught that the word was a racial slur with which we’d been disgracing these people for a hundred years. The Wetherills were imperfect as archaeologists and anthropologists. They asked the first Navaho guy what these cliff dwellers went by. We know now that they are the ancestors of the Pueblo peoples. The Navaho weren’t fans of the Pueblo. And so the racial slur of Anasazi stuck.

Not unusual. We use “Comanche” which means “enemy.” Another slur because we, as a people, are horrible at just asking tribes for their names. We ask the next tribe over, which was invariably at war and all too willing to offer opinions. I visited Mesa Verde when I was 9, before we knew they were Puebloans, which isn’t the name the Pueblo chose for themselves either. At least “Pueblo” isn’t a slur.

I was at nearby Yucca House trying to persuade one of the resident cows to leave my camera alone. Nobody goes to Yucca House even when the cows aren’t about to deliver. I’m good at cows, and the rancher lets me come and go as I please. In exchange for his hospitality, I gather eggs, I’ve delivered five lambs in the barn, and I’ve helped vet two of his cows who had birth complications. I have small arms and hands that can reach into nooks - or into a cow’s throat to remove an obstruction. I learned early that having fancy degrees in history is fine, but being useful is better. It gets me access.

The rancher came running out of the barn and yelled that I had a call at the big house. Who even knew I was here? And who on earth would know the number to the ranch?

Other than the superintendent of Mesa Verde National Park, that is.

“Tell me you have your Uto-Numic notes with you. And we need you at the Morefield Burn. As fast as you can. Speed if it’s safe.”

That’s not normal. At all. I knew they were working Morefield today, but I’m not an archaeologist. Even in this desert, what’s been buried for centuries isn’t going to disappear all that quickly.

There’s only one thing out here that would possibly deteriorate quickly when exposed to air: Pigment on an unstable surface. There were no known sites or discoveries with evidence of unstable pigment use. No paper. Some nearby cultures left pictographs dotting the canyon walls and even “signed” their work, and those sites were re-covered to prevent vandalism and theft. Their locations are either not revealed to the public or they are purposely mismarked. If it could be carted away, from bones to pottery, some “treasure hunter” with dreams of being Indiana Jones was just waiting to ransack and sell off the artifacts of irreplaceable cultures.

I got to Morefield in record time. It wasn’t hard to find the worksite. Five rangers had been posted at every one of Mesa Verde’s strange turns to wave me in with an urgency I didn’t like. I didn’t like it at all.

It was a pit. I’m sure on the tourist maps it’s called a “kiva” these days. Ceremonial, blah blah blah. We have it blocked off for liability reasons, blah blah blah.

Bullshit.

It was a library.

No paper. Impossibly fragile pigment on corn husks. They would not survive transport. They were already deteriorating. I had maybe a half hour to know what I was looking at, photograph the most important discoveries, and accept that the rest would be gone like smoke. I couldn’t even breathe on them.

I felt like I was going to pass out, like I was plunged under water and drowning, starved for air, but I had to get this done. I took quick catch-breaths into the acrid sweatiness of my armpits. I’d never sweated so much in my life. Bullshit Kiva, my nickname for the site, could have been an incinerator. It could have been why we had no real records produced by the Anasazi themselves. It’s like they purposely baked them into nothing, and somehow this survived - until we opened it and the air lifted the symbols from the crumbling corn husks and released them into the ether.

After a half hour, I had thousands of images taken rapid-fire and there was no more to see with the naked eye.

The rangers lifted me out of Bullshit Kiva. I received intravenous fluids and treatment for dehydration and heat stroke. With my free hand I uploaded the images to my laptop and started looking through the precious evidence. I applied filters and played with contrast and shade.

I’m so sorry.

I had to delete it. Not even the park superintendent could see this. Not even the people who keep the historical secrets of the land could see this.

But it’s killing me to keep it in.

I saw it: the symbols that undoubtedly formed the phonemes.

Ah

Nah

Sah

Zee

It’s not possible. It just isn’t possible for a tribe from the 1400s to define itself as the ancestors of the enemies of the Navaho in 1906.

I turned up the contrast and applied a filter to better reveal the grain of the corn husk. It had to be a trick of the light.

And I saw the faint traces of the scrawl of a 9-year-old girl. The first notes I ever made at Mesa Verde. And the very faint impression of the Lisa Frank stationery I used back then. On a corn husk from the 1400s.

“Their called Anasazi”

I have not studied a word of Uto-Aztecan or Numic dialect since that day. I turned over what I had, minus my own juvenile writings. I checked myself into a hospital in Mancos and told the superintendent that the heat had caused some serious health problems and I would need a few years to recover. I said the site was unstable and not safe. That it would become a hibernaculum for rattlesnakes now that the seals were broken. Nobody should go in there. It was an incinerator and it would destroy whatever entered it. They covered it back up.

That was five years ago, and I’m considered a washout. Nobody knows the real reason why.

They just know that the people of Mesa Verde called themselves “Anasazi.”