	I wake up one morning, deciding if I should go up the Empire State Building, or swim across the East River to get to Manhattan. I decide to do both, and yet I have a difficult time getting from FDR Drive to the subway to get up to 34th Street. They need more subway stations closer to the rivers so more people like me can avoid walking a ton between the rivers and the subways.

	At one point I was almost in over my head; the water was especially choppy today. As I was swimming, I wondered if the salt in the water would help disinfect the wound created when that one shark that swims around Manhattan happened to bite *my* leg off. Normally a person would die from exsanguination, but I made a promise to She, the love of my life. I can’t believe that’s her name. She. Anyhow, this promise keeps me alive, as it has the last two hundred years of my life.

	I get up onto land, on the great isle of Manhattan. I steal the crutches of a homeless woman, and begin hobbling my way to the nearest subway station. Why would She make *me* promise such a thing? I’m a piece of shit, stealing crutches from another person. Anyhow, I make it to 34th Street and head for the Empire State Building. I just want this to be over. There’s no afterlife, and I’m a piece of shit; why should I be a man of my word? I’m in excruciating pain as I’ve been for two full centuries; *I just want to die*.

	Heading into the Empire State Building, I put everything on my person into one of those bins like at the airport. They have their own security procedures, but without all that expensive TSA Pre-Check crap at the airport. They tell me to put my crutches on the x-ray belt, but I don’t care. They don’t care that I’m bleeding profusely out my right nub, so why should I care that I have to crawl through the metal detector?

	I’m up at the top of the building several minutes later. It’s raining out, as it is when most people get hurt and fall back in love in Hollywood. It never rains in Hollywood though. Do you think when it rains in Hollywood, anybody thinks to themselves, *well, I guess somebody’s in love and in pain?* I start climbing up the fence that keeps people from accidentally falling over the edge, but of course this is no accident. Security guards try to bring me down, but of course, where they would normally grab my right leg, there’s nothing to grab, so I’m at the top. I jump off and land straight on Fifth Avenue. 

I climb down from off the bus I landed on and crawl on home.

Back to the drawing board.