"Okay, this is it." I say as calmly as I can as we pull into my driveway. "Can I get out?" 

"Don't do anything stupid." The masked man says pushing the muzzle of his gun into my side. "Get out. Nice and slow."

I do what he says. I wait for him to get out of the car too before closing my door. We start towards my garage and I punch the code in. As it lifts, I turn to him. “You don’t have to do this.”

Despite his mask I see the smile in his eyes. “You’re right. Get inside.”

“I don’t know what you want from me, but I promise you it won’t be what you’re looking for.” I say, trembling a little. My teeth are chattering. 

“Inside.” he repeats. 

I lead him in. “You don’t want to do this.” I say.

“You know what?” he whispers, getting uncomfortably close to me, leaning his head over my shoulder and talking right into my ear. “I don’t like it when you talk. I’m gonna start with your mouth when we get going.”

“My mouth?” I say, shaking.

“Oh ya. I’m gonna have some real fun with you before we’re done here tonight.” He says. I can hear him licking his lips. Disgusting. “You got a basement?”

“Yes.” I whisper. Oh my god, he wants to go downstairs. Of all the places he could have picked, he picked downstairs. I’m clearly shivering at this point, and I realize in this moment that all of this will be over soon. 

“Show me.” he still whispers.

I lead him down the hallway, to the stairs. It’s dark enough that you can’t see  the bottom. He presses the gun into my back. “Down.”

We walk downstairs into the blanket of dark. I get to the bottom of the stairs and take a hard left until I reach the wall. By the time he gets to the bottom step, I’ve circled around so my voice is still directly in front of him. “Please, I know you don’t want to do this. Just go home, get out and I won’t tell anyone about this.”

I hear him stop on the stairs. “You’re scared kid. And you got every reason to be. Hell, I saw you chattering up there enough to shake the floorboards. You ain’t reasoning with me tonight.”

“You’re only half right, Harris. I *am* shaking.”

I hear his weight shift on the step. “What the fuck did you just say?”

“I’m shaking, Harris. That’s your name, right?”

“You fucking…” he pauses. “How the fuck do you know that?”

I continue. “I know a lot, Harris. I know you, I know you work for GMP over on Second street. I know your wife Kathryn, and I know Charlie and Matthew, too.”

“Don’t you fucking mention those names.” his voice has lost its glee, replaced by seething rage and confusion. “Who the fuck are you, kid?”

“I’m the one who gave them a ride when their car broke down this morning. They were going to her mother’s house, remember? You had some business to do tonight and you wanted them out of the house.” I’m shuttering hard now. I can barely contain my excitement.

“You little fucking-” he starts down the last step, and is cut short as he falls down the hole. I hear a wet crack as he hits the bottom with a heavy, metallic thud. He cries out in pain. “What the FUCK?” his voice does a poor job of masking his panic with rage.

“You know what got you here, Harris?” I ask down the hole. “You’re sloppy. Your badge may have allowed you to hide evidence from your peers, but not from people who really know what they’re looking for. If you really cared, you would have burned your bodies instead of leaving them out for the world to see. Honestly, you’ve earned this.”

I hear him fumbling around down there, until he pauses. “Oh, oh god.” he whimpers. 

“Which one did you find? Keep looking, everyone’s there.” I say half-jeeringly. 

“Oh, god, oh my god oh my god.” he begins wailing. 

“They’re as fucking naive as you are, Harris, but at least Kathryn didn’t cry like a fucking kid.” He’s screaming now. 

“I’ll leave you for a while to work things out.” I say, shutting the lid of the kiln on him, muffling his cries. I whistle as I walk to the light switch, illuminating the room. I walk to the lid and hit the green button on top, then have a seat on the stairs. A good killer knows to clean up, but a *professional* knows how to have fun doing it. With time to spare, I go upstairs to grab some popcorn. Clean up is my favorite part. 