
 The heat was unbearable. Even though the sun hadn't even risen over the accursed sand that had certainly piled up around the little tent in the night. 
   
 *When will this be over?* I thought to myself, it was terrible here, full of sand, and sun, and nothing except for the small oasis that fed and watered several animals and people.
   
 A call from across what could barely qualify as a room forced my eyes to finally open to the pale light. This punctuated the fact that I was still stuck inside the body of a ten year old girl in the middle of the damn desert. I had learned that my new name was Taghbalut.  It was a far cry from Cynthia but I had gotten used to it, too used to it I felt.  It wouldn't be so bad if I hadn't been here for almost two months. 
    
See, sometimes I accidentally slip into someone elses life when I fall asleep. In reality I am an artist of mediocre success, addicted to instant noodles and video games, so this place initially had been quite the culture shock. But because Taghbalut understands the language and her everyday machinations, getting through the days was generally awkward at worst. 
    
 Luckily it is not a permanent swap, but the trick is, each of the people I inhabit are the best at something, skateboarding, cooking, juggling, even somethings as useless as being able to land a morsel of food in your mouth every time.

 The process usually only takes a week or so maximum, and once I figure out what that something is and go to sleep, I get to go back to my life of sketching and internet access. At least until fate decides to fuck with me again that is. 

 I assume that those who's body I am in, are also in mine, which is scary, but at least I live alone and am quite boring so they usually don't get into trouble.

 Another call from the half darkness brought me back to attention. The girl's mother was speaking to her, motioning towards the hung mats that created their sleeping space.
	
My new mother was quite beautiful.  With tan skin and ebony hair tinged with red in the sun, pale green eyes that reminded me of the color of the inner flesh of limes. She usually wore a dark indigo scarf over her hair and I thought the small embellishments she had added with golden thread suited her. Taghbalut had different eyes, piercing and blue, clever.  I had wondered about my new father, but even mentioning his existence made my new mother's eyes so sad I couldn't bring myself to prod. That wasn't my business anyway.
	
She started to dismantle their temporary home and I helped as much as I could, rolling mats and tying bundles of the family treasures together. Which consisted of a handful of clothing, some very faded photos of many people I didn't recognize, a  small chipped teapot, and three little cups that did not really match. There were a few other necessities but these were the most precious. 

 I had spent more time inside the form of this little girl than any I had held before, I felt like I was starting to lose myself in her life.  Nothing about this little girl seemed out of the ordinary, she helped her mother, she cooked, and tended their goats, but nothing she did seemed exceptional 
	
I missed the jewel tones of the tents already.  Personally I had not experienced this yet. My new mother had mentioned that the tribe moved with the seasons, brushing their encampments up against cities to trade their wares, or oases to rest and tend the animals.
    
A weight settled on my arm and I looked up into the eyes of the tribal patriarch, his eyes pale and opalescent from cataracts and blindness. He had never spoken to me, only sat around the fire at night and spoke rarely with his wives. He had also never actually seemed blind, navigating the tents and sand easily without the use of a cane. It could actually be unnerving at times, when he would simply reach down and pluck a handful of almonds from a bin or hand a wife something she had asked for.

“Taghbalut.” His voice was wind and I had to lean closely to hear him “Are you ready?”
    
I looked at him with confusion, and assumed he meant the move itself. Meekly I nodded, I knew he had felt it, and I expected him to walk off, his linen robe trailing behind him.  Instead he gently pulled me by the shoulder towards the head of the caravan. My new mother was lost behind me in a sea of people and animals, and I was becoming very frightened. 
    
The elder squatted on ancient, creaking knees to look at me with blind eyes.

“Follow it.”

“Sir?”

“The water. Follow it.”

I had absolutely no idea what he meant. 
   
*What that fuck? Follow the water? What? This shit isn't a river, its a large pond at best and there's no where to follow it to!* Internal me was having an enormous struggle, so, while I stared blankly, the girls tiny legs almost automatically skipped her to the edge of the oasis water.
    
 There was no noise, silence. Except, except for a small burble within the oasis. Of course it had to come from somewhere, some underground source deep enough to not cave the mounds of sand above it. But how was a ten year old girl supposed to follow the water, follow it where and why? I of course could not ask these questions, and I suddenly realized I was in great danger of exposing myself and getting a little girl hurt. 
    
Frantically my eyes searched the crowd for those of my new mother and I saw her vivid green eyes among the sea of browns and hazel. She offered me a small nod and an encouraging smile, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. 
    
 So I did too. I closed my eyes and listened and stood on the bank for the better part of an hour before I started to feel it. A small shivering under my feet. I immediately tore off the thin hide sandals I had worn day to day and dug my toes into the hot sand. It was like a roaring so intense I could almost feel it behind my eyes. 
    
 I made my way around the pond, assuming the louder the heavier the vibration the better. I settled in a spot, turned away from the oasis, and began walking. My feet padded along the line of ripples within the earth, tance-like and unwavering. 
	
 *THIS is cool.* My mind raced as I realized that the entire village was following me. They were following ME through the desert. *What if I take them the wrong way*? Getting lost in this desert would kill them and all of their livestock.  *Ok ok no pressure. Oh who the FUCK am I kidding it's like Mariana's Trench pressure.* Sweat beaded on my neck, but I kept walking, and following the rumbling under my burning toes.

I had been walking for four weeks. The oasis was a long distant memory and now we were truly surrounded by mountains of gleaming white sand.  There were breaks at night to light fires and tell stories and eat, but every morning it was the same. My new mother would wake me and  I would eat a small handful of fruit and oats before re-digging my feet in the sand to feel for the ripples underneath, and then we would walk. We walked, and walked, and walked. I had never walked so much in my life, combined, ever, but the body of this little girl doggedly followed the quivering sand.
	
	 
All this while, the caravan had followed, as if it was not in any way strange to be following a little girl through the desert to what was most likely their death. Considering that I really still had very little idea what I was doing, just what I was told. 
	
Then I saw it, well, felt it before I saw it I guess. A sudden smoothing of the ripples, not them disappearing, just them starting to widen and become less violent. I became afraid again for a moment, thinking I really HAD killed all of these people in the desert.  But shouting and cheers surrounded me, and my mother came and twirled me into a tight hug. 

“I knew you could do it, just like always, just like your father”

“What?”

And she pointed. And in the distance, nested on a large dune of sand, sat another oasis, sprawling like an emerald crown towards the sky. 
	
People were running, sprinting to see their new temporary home, but my mother had knelt down and unwrapped the small bundle I had packed, grabbed the three cups, the teapot, and a photograph of a man I did not know and had not noticed before. Now, looking at it in my mother's hand I realized he was very handsome, and had the same blue eyes I did. 
    
She stood and walked towards the oasis, taking special care to replace the other photos on the camel before motioning for me to follow her up into our new paradise. 
	
We were the last ones there, and it was beautiful. Rich and green and covered with brilliant flowers that shone like candy in the sun. Water burbled in several large pools, the berries were lush, the people and animals were safe. 

*Because of you...* 

*I'm a walking, talking divining rod. I CAN FIND WATER ANYWHERE! HOLY SHIT! Holy shit! I'm amazing. NO! Taghbalut. Taghbalut.*  

I had lost track of my mother, and began to panic before her hand rested on top of my head.
	
 “Come, let us have a tea party with your father.” 

She smiled a happy and sad smile and took my hand, guiding me to a secluded edge of a pond. Gently she dipped the old teapot into the clear water and set out the three mismatched cups. I looked at the third cup and then behind it, where mother had propped the photo of my father against the grass. Gracefully she poured the cool water into the cups, and we lifted them to drink. 
	
Nothing had ever tasted sweeter.
	

My mat was laid out, and mother began humming beside me as she embroidered a small indigo veil for me, this one with silvery thread. I felt my eyes grow wet with tears, and heavy with exhaustion.

And I was me.

I was awake, and me, and I was calmly sitting on a beach. I lived six hundred miles from a beach.

"You really can find it anywhere huh?"

---

Thanks for reading my first submission! Please feel free to let me know your thoughts. It was much longer but I hit the max. 