“Am I gonna like your answer Johnnie? Am I?” I’m pushed right up into his face, threatening. Even with all the muscle around me, my aggression is an act. These boys all know me as the professor of truth, but the snitch don’t know that. He’s sweating bullets. 

I walk behind the snitch and wait for his reply. I open myself, and I listen for the whisper of truth as he begins to answer through his tears. 

Usually I try show a little more sophistication than this. A little more patience. But as I’ve aged, I’ve grown lazy with my secret little super power. Simply put, I’ve become comfortable using my gift to cleave truth from lies. 

It all started so innocently, at the only time in life that has true innocence. I remember growing up in Jersey.  “Mommy, can I have a cookie?”  Right away, as soon as I asked the question, I knew there would be no cookie. Not until I finished my homework. Mom ran a tight ship. 

Or another memory: “Daddy can you come push me on the swing?” Looking back at that day, with the understanding of an adult, I see he was deep in serious conversation, and this should have been an automatic “no”. But not that day! As soon as the question left my lips I knew. Dad pushed me higher and higher. He always faced towards me, and pushed the bottoms of my outstretched feet. That way we could see each other’s laughing eyes. 

In my teen years and early adulthood, as I searched for a way to profit from my gift, its limitations slowly became obvious to me. Over time I began to see the Three Golden Rules of my strange little gift as follows:

Rule #1 The question must have, at its heart, a Yes/No answer. Up/Down, Left/Right, Go/Stay, anything like that would work. If I could phrase the question that way, it might work. But most times that meant I had to work too hard. To ask the right question, the right way, I had to know what I was talking about. 

Rule #2 I could never get an answer without asking the question directly, to a real live person. I could not magically extract an answer from a computer. I couldn’t devine the answer from the wind or the stars. There was no hiding from teenage rejection, and no bullshit magical shortcut to the mysteries of the universe. Those things remained unknowable to me. No, to receive an answer, the question must be asked. 

Rule #3: The person had to know the answer. Seems obvious, right? 
You’ll never know how many times I tried asking “Will I win if I buy this ticket?”  “Oh ya kid, that’s a winner for sure!” Same answer every time. Never happened.

The third rule could get really slippery. Some people think they know the answer, but they’re wrong. More than once I ended up zigging when I should have been zagging. So much for my useless little gift. Hindsight was still 20:20, and I would have been better guessing.

Most of my childhood friends were mafia. It was just a known fact. But not me, no sir, no way, no how. Mom ran a tight ship like I said, and she wasn’t having any of that. 

So I went to college, I got a business degree. And along the way, I started to think my special little gift wasn’t so special after all. 

I can ask a question, and who cares if I know the answer a split second before I get an answer? Asking for facts was pointless most of the time. The internet made that certain. The best I could do was win the occasional free beer. Pathetic.

Rule #1 made this gift a lot of work. I had to do my homework to really know how to ask a question. 

Rule #2 limited my scope. I could use my gift only if I could talk to the right person. 

And Rule #3 meant I had to get the timing just right and watch out for those capable of fooling themselves.

Even worse, as I grew to adulthood. I had to listen like a child for that sweet little whisper of an answer. It was a wordless answer, devoid of language, devoid even of imagery. It wasn’t even really a feeling. Nothing so simple anymore as the childlike version of my gift which always seemed to yield a laugh or a tear. Still with time and practice I learned how to sense the answer. 

For a time, I almost forgot about my little gift. I graduated. I moved on. I got a job. One night, in a tragic accident, Mom and Dad both died. Too young, and with almost nothing to show for their lives of hard work. 

And then, the next year, times got real tough. The company I worked for went bankrupt. Another victim of the internet economy, they said. I had a mortgage, car payments, a wife, a family. But no job for Mr Business Degree from Jersey. 

I was getting desperate, but then one day it hit me. I was going about this all wrong! Why was I working so hard? 

You all know that mafia movie... the bad guys are grilling some snitch. And he’s trying real hard to do the right thing. He really doesn’t want to rat on his buddies. But the bad guys, they just keep asking questions, and they’re cutting off fingers. One. By. One.  Why? Because snitch isn’t giving the right answer! 

Snitch is doing all the hard work. He’s the one sweating it out. At some point, he crumbles and they get the answer they want. They just don’t know if it’s true. 

But I do. 

So I went where my unique little talent can be used effortlessly. I don’t need to study anything. I don’t need to worry about liars and fools. Boss brings me a “subject”, and I just keep asking questions. The only trick, you see, is to start with the answer I want. 
