"YOU DID WHAT?", god shouted at Billy angrily.
Billy sat comfortable in gods office, he had a nice view on the exotic garden just outside the building.
"Well, I knew what was wrong with the world, no, I knew what was wrong with the entire universe!", Billy said, "Removing it was really all I needed to do!".
God stood at the entrance of the office in confusion, "What could have been so bad that if you just removed it the whole universe would suddenly become a place filled with harmony?" god asked Billy. "Well" , Billy said as he stood up from gods chair "Hundreds of years ago Satan created something so horrible and so full of evil that just a single piece of it would cause a misbalance in the harmony of the universe and yet no one seemed to notice what is was..
*NOBODY BUT ME*!". 
God was baffled, what could've possibly been so bad that even he would not notice? God inhaled the pure holy air in his office and asked Billy the question about the thing that has changed the universe: "What in gods name was the thing that was so bad?". 
Billy grinned and took a sip of his 6000 year old wine and said: "You will see soon enough, I think it's time for lunch.".

God seemed to suddenly forget about the thing they talked about. Lunch time was gods favorite part of his day, he dreamt about the so tasty potato pancakes with apple sauce. God called his angel to bring him his usual lunch. 
A few minutes later his angel came into the office with just apple sauce in a bottle in her hand.
"I think you forget the potato pancakes.", god reminded his angel. 
"What are potato pancakes?" the angel replied. 
God looked over to Billy who could not contain his laughter. "Who would've thought that your favorite food would be made by the devil?"

God was shocked, how could his favorite food be the cause of everything bad? "And now that I know that you like to eat potato pancakes,", Billy said still laughing, "I will have to destroy you just like all the other potato pancake eaters and now that a huge chunk of your power is gone I will have no problems."
Billy raised his hand and turned god to dust. "And now I'll have to destroy the creator of the potato pancakes..", Billy said to his new assistant Bob. "Fetch the keys, Bob, we're going to hell."