Ran burst through the guild doors, lively as ever, yelling something about how someone owed him money and that they better pay him back "or else."

I smiled. He usually made threats of that kind, but he never actually acted on them. The worst he would do is bother you for days until you gave into his request.

I looked around the massive guild hall and sighed contently. How many years had I worked to build this up? How much effort had it taken? I can honestly barely even remember the answers to those anymore. All I know is that even if it was ten times longer and ten times harder, the gain would still far outweigh the loss.

Yole, our newest recruit, sprinted to me with a large grin on his face. "Guild Master, Guild Master! Guess what I did?" he asked excitedly.

I smiled down on him. He was only fourteen years old, barely a man. He was the shortest one in the guild, but I knew he still had time to grow. "What is it, Yole?"

He showed me a piece of paper in his hands. It showed the depiction of a man, with a large reward written out on the bottom of the page. "I captured my first bounty today! I cashed him in then ran straight here to tell you!"

My smile broadened. "That's amazing Yole! You've barely been here a month, yet you're already hunting bounties as well as the rest of them. Better than some, even. I'm so proud of you!"

I reached down and put him into a headlock, rustling his hair as he tried to escape.

"I give in, I give in!" he cried, in between fits of laughter. "Let me go!"

I laughed with him. I loved roughhousing with my kids, especially the younger ones. It reminded me so much of...

I stopped that line of thought. That was the past. *This* is what matters now, I reminded myself.

Yole looked up at me, probably noticing my sudden frown. "Is everything alright, Guild Master?"

I turned my expression back to a smile. "Yes. Sorry about that. I was just thinking some things through. Go on and enjoy your victory with the rest of the guild. Tell them drinks are on me for tonight."

His eyes grew wide. "Really? Thank you so much Guild Master!" He gave me a quick hug and then scurried off to find his friends and deliver the news.

I leaned back on the bar table. I might regret that latter. These kids could drink a *lot.* But for now, I'd let them enjoy--

A deafening crash shook me from my thoughts, not to mention the guild's foundations.

Everyone in the room immediately grew quiet.

"What was that? An attack?" Ran asked to no one in particular. "I'll go check it out."

He made to go out the door. I knew of only one creature around here that was capable of making a landing sound that big, though.

"Stop." I commanded. Ran immediately halted mid-stride and looked back at me.

"I'll handle this," I said, marching forward, determination in my eyes. "No one follow me."

Ran stepped back, deferring to me. I smiled, despite how grave I felt the situation was. I really did love these kids.

I came out through the doors. A magnificent creature stood directly in front of me, with gleaming scales, large, beating wings, and a winding tail, ending with the spike pattern of the flare dragons. The same as me, though I was currently in my human form.

What I expected, more or less. However, what I failed to predict was exactly *who* the identity of this dragon would be.

"Hello, Rathal. Father."

I looked up at my son. He grew much since I last saw him. "Hello Son. Tell me, what brings you here?"

He brought his great head down to my level and blew some smoke from his nose. I smiled. I remembered teaching his that trick. Remembered him practicing it over and over when he thought I wasn't looking. Good to see he finally mastered it.

"I've come to collect you, father. You've spent far too long with the humans. I've come to bring you back home."

I took a deep breath, closing my eyes. "No." I said. "I will not leave this place."

He barred his teeth and growled menacingly. "Then I will force you."

I opened my eyes. They had turned blue, sparkling with energy. "No. I don't think you will."

Then I stepped forward to meet my son in battle.