Guys, I need your help.

A short time ago, I joined this Terra-Group with *that guy*. You know the kind. He has some Mary-Sue species that abuses the rules left and right, and some players already dropped out of the game because of it. I'm especially sad for that guy who made a really cool species of snow-bears, with night vision and claws and everything cool, that just told me he is about to quit.

So, about Esau (that guy): he calls his species Hu-mans (inspired by terrible 80's toy-commercial cartoons, much) or something. In first edition, he figured out that the opposable thumbs-advantage would give you an huge bonus to tool-use, and a good tool-use roll would allow you to just add intelligence to about any roll. Now, in first-edition consuming cooked meat would give your species some good stat-boosts, courtesy of how hard it is to find. You have to go near lightning-strikes, volcanoes and so on. Or you do it like Esau and just find some obscure third-party book, that allows you to create and even control fire with an absurdly high tool-use throw. A throw his species could of course do easily, that damn power-gamer.

He did things like this for a very long time. For example, he argued, that his species could, instead of just creating caves, get rocks out of a mountain to build another mountain with a pre-made cave inside, getting him the advantages of the nesting-rules (intended to be used by avian species) with the durability and hit-points of caves.

Or that one time, when he found out that you can get a huge boost to intelligence due to being at war with your favourite foe. The rules intended it as a high-risk high-reward move and called it survival of the fittest. He just took "Hu-mans" as favoured enemies for his Hu-Mans, which of course meant that he could always be at war with himself and never had to fear that he would be wiped out by his enemies (or he would wipe out his enemies, for that matter), giving him that bonus almost constantly. Later, he had even something called "cold war", where he argued that due to his knowledge-network-skills it was enough to have some of his smaller fractions at war, while the big ones earned the boost for it. That gave him one enough bonus for one big roll, where he send a few Hu-Mans to that moon-thing the books are deliberately vague about. Luckily, our GM is not of the creative type, so he just described white rocks and I think Esau lost some interest after that.

And please don't give me that "have you tried to talk with that player"-argument. We did, and he made fun of us for it. "Oh no, my species has guys totally rooting for your guys, they go outside and scream about reducing that poisoning-land-drawback my species has right now. By the way, don't you have to roll against that? I have to, and oh, I can take tool-use for it, rolled a two, let's see, that's a fourthousandseventynine total. I think that is enough for another ten years" (And if you hope for a overdue critically failure on that roll, we all do, but given that the drawback-table of using tool-use for that role, it could take out a few other player-species.)

So here is my plan: I'm going to make the species to end his species. I'm going to beat him at his own game. I suggested playing a created servant-species of him, and of course, Esau likes the idea of other player species doing his bidding (there is this stories about a few four-legged and two-legged species which he used the "domesticate"-skill for, which wasn't even supposed to be used against other Player-Species). I argued that my species could fight his wars against each other, reducing some of the drawbacks. I argued that my species could improve his knowledge-network-skill by controlling the flow of it, giving him another bonus.

Of course, that is all the bait I needed. He fell for it.

I will use his slave-revolt bullshit-reasoning he used to get his species (mainly) out of that system, when it was clear that it would bring some drawbacks in the newest edition, to turn on him. Because my species was specially created by his, it also gets the favoured enemy (Hu-Man) feat, and I can just give myself another bonus because of the "flow of information"-thing I mentioned. This will give me two advantages over him, and given the insanely huge damage high-intelligence weapons do (which I'll have access to, due to the fighting-his-wars thing), I think I can wipe him out in a few turns, but still, he is good at this game and sometimes the GM-Pet. I really need any idea for more powergaming-ideas you can throw in my direction!

I think I'll call the species Skynet. You know, like a net in the sky, preventing all the Mary-Sue species from ever doing that stupid "get out of the sky and reach the moon"-thing again.