A bag that provides what you need is fun to have around. Especially useful as an ice-breaker. Ended up chatting with American using spare dog treats, despite never owning a dog. Ended up hitting it off, had a good few months then they needed to go back stateside. We gave the "across-the-pond" thing a go, but a special lotto card gave me the opportunity to go state-side. It would put us back together, this Bag-o-gifts gave was too kind to me at times. The flight went alright though I could feel the time-change messing with me. 


After a few texts they forgot and got caught up at work, so they suggest I take the bus. Reaching into my bag a handy map and hand written time schedule came out. With a bus and hour underlined in red on each, something that's happened before. I find the bus stop after a bit of a walk with the bus as it was pulling in. 

Instinctively I reach into my bag for some change. Felt metal, but not one that was familiar. Trying to grasp the metal object, I felt a rigid handle, confused I jumped on and sorted out the toll with the driver. Kindly dealing with my blunder he waved me to the back. After settling down I reached back into check what had shown up in my bag. This time I found a metal "L" and what looked like an old Polaroid. 

A red circle around a man in the image. A time on the back marked for half an hour from now. I gripped the metal "L" to realise what it was, years of airsoft made me familiar. Never touched a real one before my mind raced. America was gun friendly, but I never learned any of the laws. I think you needed a permit for these. I couldn't tell if loaded. figured there was a safety. If I looked calm I didn't feel it. Looking back at the Polaroid I hoped it would serve to calm me. The face was familiar in a vague way, it just wasn't coming to me.

I looked at the bag in disbelief. It's given me weapons before, typically when camping or when going through the dodgy bits of town. Though never with this type of instruction. In a fog, I tore out a piece of paper from a notebook and wrote "Why?" in hopes of an answer. Nothing came back out. I looked around the bus to see if the man in the photo was there with me. Maybe it was a warning, but I couldn't match anyone to the photo. 

Checking the time on the Polaroid to my watch, 20 minutes from now. Reaching into the bag, came the piece of paper. A line from my words in fading red, "Payment." In complete disbelief, I froze. My family never mentioned needing to give payment before. Through the disbelief came a moment of clarity. My family had been in the Army for generations, and this bag preventing most of them from certain death. I was the first not to serve, this moment of clarity shifted to sickness.

Unsure how long I had been mentally juggling this I check the time left, 10 minutes from now. If it had been a knife a little blood wouldn't be bad, but it needed someone's life? I could ask questions, but I didn't know if the 10-minute window would work out. My hand grips around the pistol as I start to tense up. What will happen if I don't pay? I ease up as the flight fatigue finally takes over me.


I come back to my sense with a blaring alarm coming from my lap, and a man shaking me awake. The bus driver, "Hey, buddy you gotta get off. This is the last stop and I gotta clean this thing out." Bumbling I apologise as I get up from the bus seat and make sure to gather my things. Turning off the alarm my hand brushes the pistol again. Looking at the bus driver I realise who the Polaroid man was. Checking my watch the time left, 1 minute.