“Okay Cleric, you just married horny 15 and 13 year old kids in secret. One of them is now a murderer and has been banished. What do you do?”

“Shit.... Ummm..... Roll for persuasion.”

“Don’t you think that ship has sailed?”

“Look, those kids wouldn’t leave me alone, and my last roll wasn’t exactly a winner. Okay? I don’t want to make a big thing about this. Roll for persuasion. Please.”

Rolls

“Natural 20”

“You better make this count Lawrence....”

“Okay... um... Here goes: I pitch Juliet on the idea to fake her own death by taking a sleeping potion that will put her in a death-like state for 42 hours. While she’s “dead” her family will find her and place her body in the Capulet tomb, where, upon her waking, Romeo will be standing waiting for her so he whisk her away to Mantua under the cover of night. She immediately agrees.”

“Wow. That’s a lot to unpack.”

“Yeah. Pretty good right?”

“So how does Romeo know to come again?”

“Easy. We send him a letter. It’ll explain everything. Roll for success in sending the letter.”

“1.”

“Okay. Well that was unexpected.... The letter carrier is held up due to suspicion of plague contamination and does it arrive before Romeo hears from Mantua that Juliet is dead. He becomes so upset that he buys a poison to kill himself and rides immediately to the Capulet tomb in Verona.”

“Okay. Okay. We can still do this. Roll to intercept Romeo and tell him ourselves.”

“1.”

“ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!”

“You arrive to the Capulet tomb short after Romeo has already killed himself. Juliet is just waking up to find her husband dead.”

“Goddamn it Lawrence! This is your fault! You could have just persuaded Juliet to just leave Verona to live in Mantua with Romeo!”

“Back off! The faking death plot was the only one I could think of!”

“You always do this Lawrence! When you played as Falstaff it was this same shit! Jesus Christ... whatever... let’s at least try and save Juliet.”

“We just gotta get Juliet away from Romeo’s body. Roll persuasion.”

“.......1”

“Welp, it feels like fate at this point.”

“GOD DAMN IT!”

“You do not convince Juliet to leave the tomb. She sees Romeo, kills herself, and you are arrested on suspicion of double murder.”

Silence.

“Please leave Lawrence.”






