Panicking is rarely useful. Which was why I checked my smartphone recording first, scrolling back to those few seconds when Melanie should have bounced cleanly off the wall at King's Cross Station. I expected her to land quite heavily, which was why I had fitted her out with a crash helmet and cargo pants. It was one thing to play a prank on your kid, and it was quite another to endanger them. I may not be a conventional parent, but let no one say I was a reckless one.

But the recording only confirmed what my eyes told me - Melanie had passed *right through the wall*, and I even picked up her last few goodbyes echoing through the masonry.

Melanie had *not*, as per my meticulous plans, learned a valuable lesson in learning to discern between fiction and reality. My prepared speech about how she should engage in critical thinking more often ebbed away from my mind, leaking like water through a sieve.

Melanie had *instead*, quite apparently, departed for the Hogwarts Express, right before my bloody eyes.

"Oh, oh, let me see! I want to see too! Our darling baby, off on her first few steps to a brand new life! Such a momentous occasion! Richard, please tell me you captured her waving goodbye to us!" 

Ok, *now* was the time to *panic*. 

"Doria! What the... Are you saying you *knew* she would pass through the wall?" 

"Huh? Yes, of course she would, why wouldn't she? You heard me tell her all the time that she has magic in her, right?" 

I took a deep breath, then turned to face my wife. I gripped her shoulders, not too hard, just enough for me to steady my shaking hands. The pride and happiness on her face was slipping away, replaced instead with a concoction of puzzlement and annoyance. 

"Please tell me you're joking," I said. "Look, it's not funny, OK? I'll admit it, I got pranked. I don't know how you made her disappear, I don't know when the two of you ganged up on me instead. Haha, very funny, applause all around for my wonderful wife and my turnip of a daughter. Egg's on my face, and everything... Now, *can you get her out of the bloody wall?*"

"But Richard, isn't this what you always wanted? Isn't this..." Then her face fell, and a twinge of anger spread across her features, the way it always did just before we got to fighting. "Hold on right there mister. Are you telling me that you... didn't believe in what we were telling her?" 

"Believe?" I said, as my voice climbed a couple of octaves. "Believe in the entire Harry Potter which you made me read to her? Of course not! It's a bloody storybook, Doria!" 

"So this was... What? A prank? You did all this just to have her run and bounce off a wall?" A sneer twisted her lips. "What type of sicko are you?" 

"But that's what we agreed! You and me! We said it would be funny if we got her to believe that *Harry Potter* was real!" 

"What about the letter then? From Hogwarts? Delivered by owl, no less?"

"I printed the damn thing off Deviant Art! I plucked a few feathers out from our pillows!"

"Oh my god... You know what? I can't tell if you're the fool, or if I was the idiot... Here I was, thinking that my husband had accepted me for what I was, had even embraced the life our daughter would live out... I thought you were *listening* to me, all those years, when I kept telling you that I had distant relatives who had magic, and that I was pretty sure Melanie had inherited those same talents... It was my darkest secret, and I was so worried that you would never accept me... I cried, you know, with joy the first time you called me a Squib..."

"Bloody hell Doria, I thought we were *roleplaying*! Why the hell else would I go *ho ho ho, I'm Hagrid, and my laugh is not all that's big about me* in bed?" 

I saw the tears well up in Doria's eyes, and she turned away before they could spill. My heart ached then, for I could see that my words had hurt her. All I wanted to do was to hold her tight, struggle to make sense of what I had learned, and then maybe try to figure out what the hell I should be doing next. 

But the horrible memories of me reading the books to Melanie before her bedtimes came crashing back, and I knew there was no time for tenderness now. 

Not when my precious Melanie was, in all likelihood, boarding a frickin' fairy train to Hogwarts at this very instant. I wasn't prescient in any way, but the foreboding was building in my stomach, pooling like the condensation off a can of Coke in summer.

"Doria, look, I'm sorry, OK? I'm an ass of a father who was just trying to record his daughter ramming into a wall so that I could perhaps get gold on Reddit, OK? I admit to that. I'm scum. But listen, there's something really important that I need your help with, OK?"

"And what's that? You want me to find some way to pull our daughter back? So that maybe you can corrupt her with your hate, your shallowness, your sheer idiocy?" 

"No, no, not that. Look, and don't get mad... but I... may have taken certain liberties with the story when I read the books to her. And before she puts any of those ideas into play, we need to get her back, set the record straight. So please, if you know of any-”

“Wait, what did you say?” Doria narrowed her eyes, then stabbed a finger into my chest. “Back up, back up. Say that again for me.”

“I said, we need to get her back, so that we can correct-”

“Did I hear you say that you *took certain liberties with the storyline?*”

Doria had on the same look she always had just before she ascended to *blind fury*, right after *maddened rage* and *righteous anger*, and way, way past *mild annoyance*, which was usually where I liked to keep her with my jokes and silly innuendos. I gulped, then decided honesty was the best policy here.

“I er… kinda shared some commentary on the series with her. You know, just to help her with the development of critical thinking-”

“Did you not hear me specifically ask you to avoid any of your usual shit with this series? Just this series? And that it was *vital* that Melanie hear the complete storyline as accurately as possible?”

“For crying out loud, Doria, I thought it was just because you were a fangirl!”

“No, I’m not a fangirl, Richard! Rowling’s the most accurate historian we’ve ever had!” Doria bunched her fists, then pummeled my shoulder for couple of seconds. When she was spent, she sighed. “What exactly did you tell her?”

“I… may have told her that, you know… the Sorting Hat was an antiquated pro-discrimination enforcer who reveled in making cursory judgments of people, and that if she ever got the chance, she should tell the Sorting Hat to stuff it…”

“Oh god…”

“And… I may have told her that Potions class was the most important one of all, simply because humans were weakest when it came to addiction, and if she could just develop a substance which caused maximum pleasure and a minimum of side-effects, she should keep it secret and focus on selling product to her classmates… money, I told her, makes the world go round…”

“You seriously… oh for…”

“And… I may have also… said… that Voldy did nothing wrong… and that his views of how wizardkind should govern itself before Muggles did so was entirely justifiable and in fact a plot device employed in X-Men Apocalypse… and that the only mistake he made was in not dressing it up in a more digestible exterior. PR, I told her. Get into damn Slytherin, then change it from within. Get rid of the bloody snake, replace it with an animal with broader appeal than the stupid lion the Gryffies have… maybe choose like, something cute and relatable, like a Japanese electric mouse… then when no one suspects, you spread your doctrines and your teachings… help people see that there are more ways than one to conquer the world…”

I would have gone on, but Doria’s face was drained of blood at this point. In the distance behind her, I saw a few more families ambling our way, and their children suddenly fell to the floor, grimacing and clutching their heads in pain. 

From that distance, I could still make out the image of a cartoon frog, pulsing on their foreheads, a scar magically delivered by an artist I was intimately acquainted with.

Pepe, the first animal I had taught Melanie to draw, as a joke, for shits and giggles. *Do you like this animal?* I had asked her. *It could be your personal coat of arms, yes?*

Doria grabbed my collar, and I wondered if we would ever return to the lives we had.

“What have you done?” she asked.

Truly, I did not know.

---

/r/rarelyfunny