It must have been early morning when I woke up. I couldn't help but notice how beautiful the stars looked through the trees, so far from the big city. Then the pain set in, hammering my brain, convulsing through my arms and legs. I had been in a car crash. However long I had been there, it had been enough time for my cuts to bleed, crust and scab. I had been in a car crash. I started to move; nothing seemed broken but Christ my body was sore. I had been in a car crash. I had been in a car crash. As I repeated the thought to myself I slowly began to remember. It was a squirrel. I had swerved off the road, all for a fucking squirrel. Here, at the bottom of some godforsaken ravine in a totaled, upside down wreck, twenty miles from anywhere, all for a dumb fucking rodent. 

I swore, I yelled "FUCK!" as loud as I could, followed by a bout of coughing. Blood came out. Blood is not good. Coughing blood is bad. I had to get help, so where was my phone? Then, as I had just begun to reach around, I heard rustling in the foliage. I couldn't see outside my upended car, but I could hear an animal moving. Maybe more than one. Suddenly, four paws hit the top of my roof and I stifled what would have been a high-pitched squeal. My mind raced as claws clinked on metal. It had to be a cougar, or a coyote or something. I was going to die, eaten by some mountain lion in the middle of nowhere. I just wanted to be home, I just wanted to be home, I just wanted to be home. Then, a shot. Ears ringing, eyes clenched shut, I faintly heard the animal slump, and the slow trudging of boots through dirt.

Maybe it was the concussion I had received from the crash, or perhaps it was all the blood emptying from my head after being upside down for so long, but the drive home is something of a blur to me. I sat in dumb silence as the man who saved my life drove me home, recounting the strange nature of the evening. "Dumb dog went crazy after some squirrel," I remember him saying. "Chased it right into the woods, so I run in after him, lucky I bring my gun and kill that cat." Then he said something about calling friends, if I had anyone I should call. I never did find my phone, but when I reached into my pocket on that ride to the hospital, I found in it a single acorn.