There once was a lovely place.

The people were happy, healthy and... unique. They were gifted folk. As soon as they were born they were marked with powerful potential. Abilities we wouldn't be able to understand or explain. This gave the people the strength they needed to make the lovely place they lived in.

And it was lovely, however you'd want lovely to be there was certainly that version somewhere. This place was vast, sweeping and multifaceted, much like the place we live.

In this lovely place was a lovely woman and the lovely man that loved her dearly. And she loved him, too. They were together, as one, for many years now. The man could run as fast as the wind, and faster too! But the woman could read minds and would always be one step ahead no matter how fast the man was. Their relationship was playful and friendly and long lasting.

However, even in the most lovely places there are certain strains. 

You see, the lovely man and wife had been trying to have a baby. But it had never happened. They had tried, and tried, and tried. Almost two decades now with consultations and doctor recommendations. 

Sometimes, this would upset the man, or the lady. And they would argue, and it was not lovely. Sometimes became more frequent. And they knew that they had to do something about it.

So the lovely couple drove into the city to see their lovely doctor. Again.

In a small, lovely little doctors office, they sit across from a desk with a lovely doctor, who just so happened to be able to generate small sparks of electricity out of his fingertips. He looks up from their chart.

"How long have you been trying to have a baby?"

They looked at each other. "Fourteen, fifteen years?" said the lady, having read her husband's mind while he nodded in agreement. He usually let her do the talking anyway.

"Besides failure to conceive, have you had any other health problems or events? Anything you think might be effecting conception itself?"

The lady looked nervous. This wasn't something she told many people, because it was not a lovely thing to remember.

"Well..." she murmurs, biting her lip. "There was this one time, at the beginning."

"Oh?" says the doctor, leaning in curiously.

"I got pregnant but I... I ended up having a miscarriage. And after that it never happened again." Her husband put his hand on her back, reassuringly.

"You know, I think I might be able to get to the bottom of this. Give me one moment, I'll be right back." He rises out of his chair quite swiftly, and exits the room.

The clock ticks by the time.

He returns with a rather startled looking, mousy young man who is apparently named Jason.

"Jason is a particularly powerful scanner. He just came to work with us a few weeks ago. If you'd let him, he could look inside your body and diagnose the issue."

The lovely couple's eyes lit up.

"That would be lovely," the woman said.

Jason stripped off his rubber gloves and screwed up his face in an attentive stare. His tongue even stuck out a little bit. He pressed his hands lightly, but firmly, against her midriff, and slowly closed his eyes.

His face went blank. "Don't worry," the doctor said, "this is just how it works."

"It tingles!" the lady said, giggling. Her husband laughed as well.

Jason twitches his head to the side slightly, and furrows his brow.

Very suddenly, he clamps his hands down onto her stomach, as all the muscles in his arms bulge out, firing all at once. Pure anguish erupts from his lips. Terror strength ripples through him as his entire body activates at full adrenaline potential: his back arcs and locks up and he starts violently shaking at the head, foam gurgling out of his mouth.

The lady screams, the doctor tries prying him away, the man turns swifter than a peregrine and bolts through the door looking for help. 

The scene only gets worse as Jason lacerates the back of his head on the doctor's desk and finally releases himself from the lady, collapses on the ground bleeding and twitching in the blood, piss and foam.

The man and wife drive home that day in utter, stunned silence. They don't even listen to the radio as the rain pours down around them. He reaches for her hand and she takes it.

"Sam?" she whispers.

*Yeah?*, he thinks back to her. Definitely one of the perks.

"When Jason touched me, he..." she squeezes his hand.

*I know. It was horrible.*

"No. It's not that. Right before he had his episode, and I mean *the moment* before he had his seizure, I felt something in his mind."

*Well, have you ever read the mind of someone having a seizure?*

"Sam, listen to me. There was something *else* in his head. Another... presence. And it knew I was listening. It knew I was reading his mind. I felt it for just a second and I stopped but it still knew I was there."

The man didn't know what to say. He squeezed her hand tighter as they drove home in the pouring rain.

A few days later they got a phone call from the lovely doctor.

"Yeah, Sam? Hi, it's Doctor Besch down at the University Medical Center."

"Hey, how are ya?"

"Not too good Sam. Jason woke up from his coma this morning, grabbed the nearest ball point pen and sliced open his wrists with them."

Sam runs his hand through his hair. "Jesus Christ."

"I wanted to ask you about your wife's miscarriage. How long ago did you say that happened?"

The man is suddenly quite nervous. His throat dries up and he barely squeaks it out.

"Fifteen years."

The doctor immediately hung up. Sam looks at his wife, who looks back at him from across the living room.

She clutches her stomach nervously, then begins to scream.