It had been about a year since I died. My husband came to see me almost every night and would tell me all about his adventures and misadventures. We'd play the game for a bit, complete quests and level up, before he would get tired and had to leave. I always got sad when he left, since I didn't have to sleep. I also didn't really play the game anymore since I only leveled up with him. So I wandered. Round and round the not-so-open world map. It got pretty boring when I had seen every inch of it.

Sometimes I even liked to troll the "high-rollers" when I got bored. Tonight was the first night, however, that I decided to go big; It was time to troll the game developers. I had noticed that patch releases had been more and more frequent, and the player count was up again. There was a really big update about to drop, and I was ready. When the update hit, I was going to take over the admin account that always logged in first to test the update. They thought they were being sneaky, but l knew TrailBlazer420 was the admin; they had every single admin permission. Admin permissions could get me anything in the game that I wanted.

Sure enough, 2:00 am rolled around and the update started. I hated updates, it had always felt like I was being scrambled then reassembled. About 2 hours later and there it was, TrailBlazer420 logged in on schedule. I threw my conciseness at the account with all of the force I had in me and everything went dark. 

I tried to open the characters eyes and couldn't. Something didn't feel right, it was as if I was caged. I couldn't move, couldn't hear anything, there was nothing. An endless darkness. I thought I was really finally dead until I heard a loud screeching sound like nails on a chalkboard board. I tried to open my eyes again and found that I could, and I could see the in-game sky. I tried to sit up but I hit my head on an invisible wall. I reached out and could feel the wall, running my hands over the smooth surface.

Then I froze, realization sweeping over me. I opened my mouth and whispered "Logout". The game screen closed with a blink. I opened my eyes, to see the inside of the VR chamber. Staring back at me was the refection of the lead game developer... My husband.