I lie in my bed, mumbling to myself as I hear a muted rustling. I smile and settle comfortably in the warmth of my bed when I hear a sharp crackle. 

I pop my eyes open and slide out of the bed. Neither the eerie darkness nor the biting cold of the Christmas morning touches me as excitement grips me when I look at the clock: 4:15 am.

Gonna catch you this time.

I creep to the staircase, careful to not make a sound. I descend the flight of stairs slowly, carefully gripping the hand rest of the stairs, on the lookout past the spokes for a speck of red or a bush of white hair.

With rising excitement, I see a pile of gifts hovering beside the Christmas tree. As the scene before me unfolds, so do my doubts as I see the pile of gifts encircled by wiry hands.

I let go of my surreptitious descent halfway across the staircase and stand akimbo.

“Aren’t you supposed to have a big, red coat, and white, bushy hair?”, I say, trying to mimic the gait of Santa as I knew it.

“What?”, says the stirring pile of gifts. The pile moves aside and I see a stringy bush of hair containing a gaunt face, swirling a toga with its movements.

I hesitate, “A-aren’t you suppo-”

“Yeah, yeah, no, no I’m not supposed to be any of that.” I see his wiry figure as the figure frowns at the room in general.

“Uhm….what are you doing with my gifts, then?” I say, clutching the staircase harder, worry creeping in my soft voice.

“I’m holding them so you don’t have to.” The gift pile rumbles in a soft pitch as it hides the figure behind it once more.

“But they’re MY gifts, mister,” I whine in a hushed voice almost leaning over the railing.

“Whoa, hey, all right, listen…... kid...”, says the wiry figure looking sideways at me, now supporting the wobbly gift pile with his knee, resting his foot on our sofa armrest.

“...I’ve spent WAYYY too much time dealing with the sins and evil of little runts like you. I need compensation too, but all you humans do is celebrate with each other, drink wine, eat bread, and a thousand other things. Who remembers me?”, says the lean man putting one last gift on top of his awkward pile.

Hesitant and confused, I ask, “Do yo-.......do you….want some bread and wine?" I point towards the kitchen, "We have some in the kitchen.” 

The stringy figure stops in its attempts to balance the last gift on top of the pile and turns to me, “I AM the bread and wine, kid.”

Desperation seeping through, I whine, “It’s Christmas, you don’t want bread and wine, you’re not Santa, and you’re taking MY GIFTS and you’re no-”

“Because it’s MY birthday and they are MY GIFTS and I’ll do what - OH MY GOD A BURGLAR IN YOUR HOUSE.”

Fear grips me as I turn to face the direction the hairy gift pile had screamed and pointed at, and I see a red, plump figure squeezing through our chimney in to our fire place.

Santa.

I hear the squeak of our front door and the scuffling of feet.

“Jesus Christ who IS that?” booms Santa’s voice as he looks after in disbelief at the gift pile running across the semi frozen lake in front of our house.

My gaze bewildered and split between the door and the chimney, settles on Santa as the front door finally closes itself shut.

“He took all my gifts!”, I sob through bleary eyes, my excitement crushed by the recent theft of the entirety of my Christmas presents.

“Worry not, child!”, laughs Santa, “It’s the spirit of Christmas that counts. I have PLENTY of gifts to spa-”

The pinkish face looks up the chimney in doubt and disappears in a flash.

I sit down in the middle of the staircase, dejected and heartbroken, about to break into hysterical sobs, when I hear a muffled, booming echo - 

“WHERE THE HELL IS MY CHARIOT?”

“Does that mean I’m on the naughty list?” I bawl.







