With the invention of controlled time travel, changing history became a respected occupation and entertainment for many. And it was I, Albert Speer, who was crowned champion for my assassination of Hitler last year.

Killing Hitler was extremely popular due to the sheer difficulty it imposed, but to me,  it was simply a matter of understanding history. When the Great Depression tore apart the already-fragile Weimar Republic, it was Hitler who gave Germany it's hopes and ambitions. The people loved him. Thousands joined the S.A, more commonly known as the "Brown Shirts"; and when they turned out to be nothing but brutal thugs he killed them all, only resulting in the people loved him more for it.

It was impossible to kill him from afar, not that it stopped many others. No, you had to be close. But he was not a friendly man, and preferred to be respected rather than loved. Nor was he foolish or easily susceptible, but instead wary and more cunning than the best of us.

But what people forgot was his wild, bohemian pasts. He loved painting and other art related fields. But his days were consumed with hated paperwork and beuracracy. It suffocated him, and so when he met me, a talented architect with ideas ahead of his time (literally), his passion for art once again blossomed and bloomed. During his weary days of reading and signing documents, I would be his release. With me he explored his repressed artistic interests through architecture, and we would often talk for hours at a time. He would give me commissions for government buildings simply for the opportunity to spend time together, and when I continued to impress, my position grew ever higher, from the First Architect of Germany to the Minister of Armaments, responsible for all the production of weaponry and associated materials. In the middle of WWII I was arguably the second most powerful man in the nation, and probably the only person that Hitler would ever call a friend.

This, I believed, easily satisfied both the "difficulty" and "creativity" criteria in my assasination of Hitler. No other man had come as close as I did, personally and politically to Hiter. I didn't kill him simply by setting up a sniper somewhere, or perhaps slipping in a little poison somewhere; methods reserved for thugs and hunchmen. No, I would be, right to the end, a true assassin.

I am a lover of drama, and so would only have him die by his own destruction. It is often said the further you rise, the further you fall. Well, it was easy enough to bring him up since I knew what was to happen in the future, guiding him into victory after victory. Thinking these successes were of his own ability, Hitler was consumed with pride and arrogance. All that was needed were a few whispers and he looked to Russia, the land he had dreamed of conquenring, and started the beginning of the end. The campaign to take the giant of a country, codenamed "Operation Barbarossa", would cripple him beyond repair.

I began to advise him less and less; while this did distance us a little, Hitler's ego was so inflated that he didn't really want my thoughts anymore anyway. He gave ridiculous demands to his army and turned his generals against him. Out in the battlefields, he began to lose, though this only caused him to sack his experienced advisors and control things himself. At home, I sabotaged him in the subtlest ways possible, which given my power, was easily achieved.

By 1945, the story began to slow to a close. Hitler went mad at seeing everything slip through his fingers. At one point I thought I may have failed, since his madness had driven him to reckless abandon and risked him dying by the hands of another. In contempt of myself, I was forced to take precautions and prepared to have him killed through poison gas in his bunker. But soon enough I saw it wasn't needed, as the Allies had finally reached Berlin. Down in his personal bunkers, isolated from the world above, I placed three cyanide pills in his hand and closed his fist around it. My work, my masterpiece, was done.

I received extra points for my exit too. At the Nuremburg Trials where Nazi leaders such as myself were sentenced for our war crimes, I was the only one who escaped the death sentence, apart from those who suicided or the few who had escaped like cowards.

My victory was cruel, dirty, and absolutely soul destroying; so obviously, people loved it. While they still hold the Time Travelling Games every year, few were able to exact a killing with such intracacy, though many more began to try. In these fickle and ever changing times, I like to believe my assassination would be one to go down in history...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: Though this story is based on the true events surrounding Albert Speer (he was one of the leading nazis in the 1930s and 40s), it is most definitely a work of fiction (particularly the time travelling bit. At least, I think so). 
Either way, I would recommend doing a little reading on him; he's very interesting and extremely controversial. He was so influential that historians estimate that he extended Germany's participation in the war by at least two years and was also the only leading Nazi to come out of the war relatively unscarred (he had to go to jail for fifteen years I think, but was released afterwards and made bucket loads of money writing memoirs), since he claims that, despite his power, he knew nothing about the Holocaust and the methods of forced labour employed (this is the controversial bit I was talking about).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Speer
EDIT: Grammar and spelling