 I don't consider myself religious. My parents were atheists, and tough the school had religion classes I was never forced to go. I read the bible as a philosophical text, just as most of what I've readen in my life. I was never troubled about what happened after we die. But before we do? Morality, ethics, principles? That was the work ofy life.

I've absorbed so much from the books I've readen. The questions, the doubt, the self-exploration. I traveled around tge world to know about what other people tought as good. After so much reading, I wrote a book. And another one, and another one. Each more successfull than the last. I like to think that I helped my people to advance as a species, to grow in morals. 

But now? I stand before Beauty itself, and I can only marvel. After so much I've studied, I find that most religions were wrong. "Heaven" is but an endless paradise of opulence and rarity. I stand here, not sure if I belong. I never really cared about beauty, deeply preocuppied as I was on my studies of human nature. The perfect cut grass, the decorated birds on the gleaming, jewel covered trees, and a distant, lonely road paved with what seems to be pure gold, all sparkling in the twilight.

If I was in heaven, Someone would have answers about what is good. I just had to find them. Following the road, I walk. Then I run, towards a bright light. The twilight sparkle turns into a bright day, and the bright day in a pristine white. The sky itself glows, but brighter glows a distant mountain.

I do not know how much I ran. I don't seem to need food nor water nor rest, wich I'm thankful for, because in this place of golden roads there doesn't seem to be place for any beds or stuff so barbaric as bread or water. There are whole cities of mansions, covered in gems and gold and silver, each more magnificent than the last, but its shimmering occupants don't seem intrested in matters so futile as morality and ethics. They don't need to, after all. They already have everything they want, or need. I do not, and I keep on going. I now have a destination, however. Mount Sol they call it, where rarity personified rests. They call her (yes, her, female. They insisted Rarity is female) queen, and seems to be the ultimate autorithy. I hope she can clear my doubts.

Finally, I arrive. I'm not even tired of running, tough my days of youth have long ago passed. I won't describe this place. It would take days to even start to discover the deep marvel each column, each statue, each stair step. The whole mountain is covered in diamonds, rubies, emeralds, and much more gems I can't even name. It all glows with a magnificence that shouldn't be possible, but nothing is less than anything else. Each thing I see is perfect, and it goes perfectly witg everything else. I don't have words. But the palaces before seem like mere elegant sheds.

Finally, i find Rarity. In the middle of all that perfection, she seems too simple, mundane, even... Without a light, she contrasts even more in this place. A good contrast, tough. All the opulence makes her simple clothing even more pure. As a rarity, she doesn't belong here, but here belongs to her. A creator, marveling with its creation. And I marveled, too.

She looks at me. The illusion stops. I am now being judged, in this perfect land, by its perfect creator. Not one word is said, but I already know the sentence. Turns out, you can be the best person in the entire world, and still go to hell.