”Can I get a Bloody Drowner?” He demanded with a snappy voice and looked into me with his black separated eyes.
   I kept my attention directed at him, displeased by his kind none the least. I resisted the urge to call him…or her what it deserves. They try to tell me what to do and demand free drinks as they loiter and scare away the lightlings. Poor little guys they are, never get much for how much weight they pull, close to slaves when compared to the drowned. 
  It becomes impatient and slams its chameleon skin fist onto the stout counter and gives a gurgling hiss. The bar goes silent for a moment and the rest of its kind stop and stares at me for a moment.
  “Coming right up,” I said with distaste. They all turn away and continue as if nothing happened. Red filled my face as I turned away to grab the ingredients for its drink. Rage developed within me but I fought it, rather not start anything with these creatures, they are at the top for a reason. They stand about a foot taller than most humans, four when it comes to lightlings. They have a pale blue color to complement their scaley figures and round black eyes that go white when angered, helps them hide in the water. The worst part about them is their pilgarlic personalities. Shitting on almost anything when they get the chance to, almost like rabbits having the urge to fuck all the god damn time. I peered the shelves and grabbed the correct bottle for his drink; then I locate the jar full of dead roaches and then place them both on the prepping table. Nasty drink this is, full of savage ingredients that only a low life would consume, just like the bottom feeding beast before me.
  I grabbed a hand mixer and popped the top off the bottle that housed the clear liquid, then I twisted the lid off the jar and grabbed three roaches. With force, I crushed them with my fist onto the prepping table and slid them into the mixer. I shook the mixer quickly and placed it on the table, placed my hand underneath the counter and flicked out a red bottle that is stained from the contents, poured a proportional amount into it, set it down and continued to mix.
  Once I was content with how well the ingredients were blended, I reached for a tall glass and poured the mixture into it, a chunky red substance filled the glass. I placed the mixture down alongside the glass and slid the drink to the drowned. Without hesitation, it picked it up and poured it into its slimy mouth.
  “Delightful,” it hissed. “How come it is a much sharper taste?” it asked
I pondered my thoughts as I remembered that I usually used rat blood since it matched their traits, but I have run all out and used a higher quality bat blood for the mix since I was short on stock, mainly because I couldn’t find anymore in the basement.
  “It’s bats blood,” I inferred.
“Well, you have truly outdone yourself this time, well done,” it mocked.
	The best part is that I laced the blood with skunk piss, but that was my own little secret. I turned away as a grin came to my face.
“Tell me, Hal, how does a poor thing like you keep a shit hole like this up to par?” he questioned with a slow and uptight attitude.

BUMP IF YOU WANT ME TO CONTINUE!!!
