\-- Note, everything I write is a first, unedited draft. Apologies for typos or mistakes in grammar.

&#x200B;

Part 1: Niran Gets a Tattoo, and is All the Worse for It 

&#x200B;

*It hurts.*

The thought came with the faint pulse in which it described. An ache that rolled up from his right arm, travelling from damaged skin down into the veins, sinking into the blood, and rolling up to his head. Another faint, persistent flicker of pain, and the thought hit him once again.

*Why the fuck does it have to hurt?*

How long he’d sat here was a mystery. It wasn’t a matter of seconds shifting into hours, nor minutes into months, but a matter of measuring the pain. It’d started off as a faint twitch of discomfort, and had steadily grown to a more forearm enveloping wave of regret as the monks did their work. They poked and prodded, inking his pale, scrawny arm, inking the flesh and swiping the blood away when it threatened to ruin their work. It was a delicate process, binding a soul to an abstract concept, and the monks had warned him that failure could cause anything from momentary loss of senses to momentary loss of life. So, he’d best stay still.

*And yet they couldn’t knock me out before they did this, hm? Nope. Here, let’s do this horrifyingly arcane and not fully explained rite that could kill you if you so much as twitch at the wrong time, and not even give you any way to numb the pain.*

*Thanks, guys. Love you, too.*

Another prod, another poke, another swipe of the cloth now stained red from his blood. He’d closed his hand into a tight fist, pale knuckles made more so by the effort he focused into trying to crush his fingers into his own palm.

On a bigger man, the gesture may’ve been threatening, something worthy of a piece of political propaganda. A prince seated, enduring the painful ministrations of the monks as they bound a god to a mortal, all in the name of serving his people.

But he wasn’t a big man. Niran, sixth Prince-Elect of Matrigan, was anything but big. A head shorter than most men, on a physique made of skin, bone, and just enough muscle the gods deemed man needed to have in order to walk briskly without breaking a sweat, Niran was by far the traditional militant type that’d come to be expected of his station. It didn’t hurt that his face, his one advantage when it came to appeal, was no doubt as strained as it felt. Thin brow eyebrows, plucked into defined, orderly lines, sat scrunched uncomfortably tight above keen, dark brown eyes that did their best to burrow a hole into the stone with pure strength of will alone, with little effort.

His nose, a hawkish thing made up of severe lines, and just large enough for him to stare down it when the time called for it, heaved every breath he could take in with a miserable mix of force and precision, doing his best to keep himself controlled. A lean, clean shaven jawline clenched down tight, matching the tense line his thin, pale lips pressed themselves into as he sweated against the pain, giving his entire expression a pitiful gleam to it.

*Just be glad this isn’t a public affair, or I’d be out of the running already.*

With another pulse, perhaps two shy of Niran finally giving in, throwing his arm up, and saying damn to the consequences, the monks stepped back, releasing his arm and placing their tools on the stone floor below them. Niran panted, leaning heavily against the wooden table he’d been seated at the head at, slumping over it’s edge as he murmured to every deity he could remember, and stared at the single candle across from him that worked to light the cramped, humid little stone cell he’d been forced into it.

“Is..is that..” Niran groaned out, blinking away a few tears away, letting the blurriness they’d create in his vision correct itself.

“Is that all?” One of the monks hummed, his heavily robed, shaded figure offering a wave of his heavily sleeve to the rest of the near formless men and women of the order, who moved to quietly shuffle out the door behind Niran, and away from the room. “For us, my prince, yes it is. For you, however, I’m afraid it’s merely just beginning.”

“What-...what the fuck is that suppose to mean?” The prince croaked, giving a small shake of his head as he tried to rouse some semblance of stately pride into his words and his posture, with mixed success.

“It means exactly what the sentence entails, my prince. You’d do best to focus more on your grammar and language skills, if such a simple statement eludes you.” The monk smiled, the dull light from the candle lighting up only his thin jawline, and similarly thin, mischievous lips. “Our work is done. For you, there’s far greater matters that must now be attended to.”

The monk turned, offering Niran an aloof pat on the head as he passed, and shuffled his way out the door. “Now, wait here, and all will be illuminated. Do try and not be rude, mind.” And without a second to offer the Prince-Elect a reply, he shut the door behind him with an imperious thud, and left Niran alone, staring at a candle, doing his best to pant away the pain.

*In the unlikely circumstance I somehow come out on top of this, I’m going to have that man demoted to a street cleaner. After making him and his entire order scrub the fucking sewers clean.*

More pulsing aches stole his attention away, forcing Niran to focus on his breathing. The room filled itself with the every breath he took, and the faint burning flicker of the candle across from him, a room of stale stone and rasping air for him, and him alone.

Thus, it came as a surprise when Niran’s eyes shifted up to find a figure sitting across from him.

Niran froze, not out of terror, but confusion. It was a hell of a thing for the brain to register when it should be surprised, after being forced to endure what he suspected was the shittiest form of tattooing one could. It was hard to line up that he should’ve heard the door crack open, or footsteps on the floor, or the sound of someone else's breathing besides his own. Rational thinking was harder to find, he found, when the body was put under more strain than it was use to.

So rather than panic, scream, fall back and cry, Niran blinked, and took a moment to look at this new form with a genuine amount of curiosity, and not at all with the fear, suspicion, or anxiety he should’ve.

And to call it a figure, he found, would’ve been misleading.

A figure had some sort of mass to it; solid form. It was a thing firmly rooted in the physical, not this. What sat across from Niran, he realized, was not a figure at all, but a shadow. A dark blot that’d risen up from the ground and taken on a three dimensional form, creature of dark smoke and shadow pantomiming a figure, which sat across from him, it’s dark impression of legs crossed snugly one over the other, it’s idea of a torso lean and skinny, the curling smoke that formed it’s arms thin.

It’s head stared at him, what details could be made out through the layered levels of greys and dark, starless night shade seeming to focus curiously on Niran.

It all seemed, to him, familiar. And somewhere in the back of his mind, the figure before him, and his idea of what it was, clicked into place.

“...what the fuck did they put in me?” Niran snarled, staring down at the bloody, oozing mess that was his right forearm, still laid out on the table before him.

“Besides ink, for the binding?” The shade mused, it’s voice not coming from the figure it projected across from him, but from the shadows all around him, an echo that whispered on each side of Niran, behind him, and across from him. “Nothing, I’d suspect, though I can’t fault your suspicion. I imagine this is all quite..concerning. Though, I can assure you, like all that’ve shown such concern before, this is going along just as it should be.”

&#x200B;