The attack came without warning. 

Large, incomprehensible objects seemed to dot the sky within hours. From Russia to Rio, they seemed to appear almost at once throwing the world's population into an instant panic. There would be no time for cover-ups and explanations. Insane reality stared them in the face. Too many for peace. Too fast for diplomacy.

When the last seemed to arrive; a large, teal tint seemed to cover the sky from each horizon line. The ships now saturated in a sick, green color. Lines of dancing ants seemed to randomly stream up and down the team screen between the ships and the nine billion eyes now affixed to it. Nine billion gasps become one when the projection came onto the screen.

3 

A human male voice spoke the number and every person seemed to understand.
Chaos. Streams of bodies and metal syphoning out of cities, leaving an exhaust of smoke and flame in their wake. The impossibly large number remained there, and a dark spectre looming above the chaos. Hours passed, yet it remained. 

Those that cowered in their homes saw their televisions and radios flick to their local leader attempting, futilely, to stem the fear. Reassuring words and promises of resistance, even victory blazed from the glow. Most were unconvinced, but some few began to hope as national anthems blazed from the speaker.

2

The male voice spoke again and panic pulsated to new hits across the globe like a pebble hitting the water. In military bases, generals were finishing their speeches to soldiers and airmen with a facade of granite and a foundation of jelly. 

Soon, planes speckled the skies of every nation. Toys in children's hands compared the now puke-covered behemoths they faced. As desperate as the site looked, it gave people courage and they cheered as the collection of each nation's aggression bared down on the unknown enemy. That courage dropped as fast as the planes just as they approached the large number in the sky. There were no explosion until the jets hit the ground. Missiles fired shared the same fate, falling like dead flies before they could reach their target.

1

The voice spoke again and for what many believed, knew, would be the final time.
The chaos seemed to subside with this, panic and desperation turned to a quiet acceptance. Wealthy oligarchs and doomsday preppers sat insecure in their bunkers. Those stuck in the swell of traffic open their car windows and blasted their favorite album. Families held hands and prayed.  

The number seemed to hang in the air for an eternity.

Brave journalists and cameramen remained committed to this final story and kept rolling, famous youtubers took out their phones intent on streaming the apocalypse, redditors looking for that last karma bump posted pictures around the world. Nine billion people collectively held their breath with the before-the-hit anticipation.

The sky screen went blank and the people waited.

A familiar beat began blaring into the sky. The youtubers, journalists, redditors heard it. It roared over the music in the cars and the prayers. It even seeped way down into the bunkers. The man dancing in the sky was larger than continents. Upbeat synth music began to play.

 