   When I was a kid, I would constantly get lost in the woods. 
There were some days I'd venture out with some grand fantasy in mind, and in the spirit of discovery I couldn't bring myself to use the trails. Everyone knows you never find the good shit on the beaten path, you have to dig for it. Well the more time I spent out there, the better I got at finding my way around.

Crooked tree, heavy moss and an ant hill. Too far west.

Two small indentations in the dirt, small rocks and subtle sound of running water. Too far east.

   Now south had the easiest marker to find. At the time I never really knew what the smell was. I'd never smelled anything similar. All I knew is it marked south, and I loved how it stung my nostrils

   Half the time I was out there, I just walked south. The further I went, the smell just got better. It was so elusive. I wanted to pull it right out of the air and taste it. I imagined it would taste like the final remnants of vomit that stick to the bottom of your tongue after a savory meal. Such subtle notes. So unrefined.

   Sadly enough I never found the source of that smell. We moved further up north to be closer to family, but mostly to get away from my father. Crazy fuck was so jacked up from his time in the military, he could hardly go a day without getting loaded and trying to blow his own head off. 
In a way, I suppose that's what made me join. I wanted to see how fucked this world is. Initially I was pretty upset about being placed in the Gardeners Program, but after all this time, I've realized how much life can really surprise you.

   At first it was an odd feeling. Like losing a word on the tip of your tongue, or meeting someone that looks way too familiar. I would stay up at night, making lists in my head of what the smell could be. It stuck to my clothes and my skin, always teasing me. 
I have to admit, I was surprised at first. I thought for sure I would get gunned down after my glasses fell off. But goddamn if it wasn't worth it.

The word I had forgotten was 'parliament'. 
The man I met looked like my father.
Now the smell. It was finally all clear.

   Fortunately my platoon was large enough in size to allow some experimentation with recipes and procedure. Once you get past the initial crust of the outer layer of skin, everything beneath is just beautiful and succulent. But I've found that I prefer to let the body sit out in the sun for a week or so, as opposed to burning it to a crisp like I had unknowingly been doing.
It's twice the effort and the skin is much more difficult to utilize, but everyone knows you never get the good shit from the beaten path.
You have to dig for it.

