

“What the fuck?” Cato whispered to himself.

Around him steel shutters clattered into place, sealing off any exit. He flicked his gaze back and forth through the room, any chance of escape was gone now. A single open doorway was the only way out of the room. The slid his pistol out from the holster at his waist, the familiar weight of the grip in his hand brought back some of his confidence.

The room lead to a corridor. Cato peaked out and saw a figure waiting. 

“Player two?” The man asked, his own sidearm was still tucked safely by his side. He wore a long black trench coat and black glasses. Many other thieves adopted his look, Cato thought it lacked class and versatility.

“Apparently.” He surveyed the corrdior. Three doorways lined the hallway. Two at one side, the ones which the pair emerged from, and a third. This one was larger, built into a glowing archway. Above it a holosign read ‘Welcome Players.’ Cato raised an eyebrow at this, “your name?” He asked without looking at his companion.

“Call me WantonDeath.”

“Sutble.” 

“I used it back in the early days, it stuck.” WantonDeath said defensively. 

“Fair. I’m Cato,” he struggled to hold in a laugh. 

The pair advanced down the hallway. The arch was wide enough for them to both pass through with room to spare. Inside they found a cylindrical room, ceiling stretching up ahead. Around the edge of the wall were key locations that Cato recognised. The great guild hall of the capital. The enormous player built bridge of the North, and several other iconic images. In the centre of the room was a great chest, surrounded on all sides by a forcefield. It hummed, projecting a soft blue glow. Either side of the room, facing towards another and the chest were matching duo of podiums.

“I guess this puppeteer is one for theatrics,” sniffed Cato.

“That or clichés,” replied WantonDeath.

The pair took their positons each at a podium facing one another.

The same male voice which had announced his entry to the game boomed out from all the walls. “Let’s start with a simple game shall we? A test of faith before we get to see if you two are worthy of being thieves.” 

The players looked at each other confused as the voice gave an awful effort at a cackle.

“Now you’re both at your podiums you will see two buttons. Green for seize, red for abstain. If you both abstain then you share the treasure, both seize and we commence with the games. Naturally if only one chooses to green, only he gains the prize.”

“What do you say player one? Are you much of a sharer?”

“Honour among virtual thieves. Quite the classic saying.”

“On three we both press red.”

“I’m sure we will.”

“Three,” began Cato

“Two,” joined WantonDeath.”

“Three,” they said together.

Cato pressed his finger down onto green without looking down. He watched as his partner simultaneously slammed down.

