You could say that my society was quite conflicted about having children too early on in your life. You see, in order to properly raise a son or daughter with a special gift, it is utterly important to teach them manners and self control. One bad idea in the head of a mundane teenager and he will damage himself - take drugs, stir up a fight, that sort of thing. One bad idea in the mind of someone who already passed the ripening and casualties are bound to happen.

I was brought up in a single mother household. My father passed even before I was born. Nobody really knows what happened to him exactly, it is hard to be sure when someone is able to control thoughts in his surroundings. All I ever got to hear is that he was found dead after he cut his veins with a knife. Suicide. It doesn't really matter now. You always pay the price. My mom was more modest when she made the choice. It's laughably how many people chose to be able to fly. Does it feel that empowering to defy gravity? It's nothing against what I could do.

My school never inspired me to become anything, really. Everything I learned was more or less self-taught. The teachers shoved "morals" and "cultural understanding" down our throats every chance they could. It was the one subject we were all taught together. Apart from that, the curriculum was adjusted to everybody's personal choice. Finding the hidden talents in you is an interesting problem. If you excel at bending the elements you can specialize and work towards farming and terraforming, keep civilization breathing. Or you might have heightened senses that make you fit for a career in politics.

In theory, you can completely abandon your natural talents and go for any superpower you can imagine. In practice, it's difficult. You define your superpower and in turn, your superpower defines you. You always pay the price. The question is who has the upper hand. The downsides are not always obvious or noticeable at first. There have been cases of permanent invisibility, not able to come back into the light. That's why popular choices are popular. These superpowers are tested, vetted and predictable.

If I told anyone of my plans before hands, they would have called me insane. They all thought I would go for telekinesis - after all, officially, I had learned 14 years about it. In secret, I have been reading about science. The universe, the elements, it all seemed magical, which is saying a lot if your neighbor can transform into an animal at will. I felt like port of a secret society that was somehow forbidden or at least unwanted. Physical laws, unchangeable things of nature, were insane at first sight - but yet I soon learned about limitations in each and every power I dissected. You always pay the price.

When the day of the ceremony came, I was surprisingly calm about it. The sun had set behind the horizon and the stars came out to play. It's not like they can stop you anyway. When the hall filled up slowly with the local town residence and my relatives, I thought one last time about what I was going to do. I was to submit a token of my future powers, as a symbol of an ideal, to the Elders who would then carve it into my soul. Their faces when I I gave them a single small paper that read `| H | phi > = E | phi >` were priceless. Yet they were bound to respect my decision. I had to kneel in front a statue of the First and one of the Elders put his hand on my head, offering my gift to the vastness of space. I felt the room come into focus around me even though I wasn't looking. Time itself focused on me and I was full. Full of energy. The air vibrated around me and with only my thoughts I could look into every atom in the room. Oh what funny little things they are... we are. We ... were.

I got up, and a murmur went through the crowd. Everybody expecting me to show off my new talent, to prove my status as adult. I concentrate on the middle of the room, the smallest dancers reality has to offer, wiggling before me. "Witness!"

I didn't quite expect the chain reaction I set off though. A big rip went through the universe and in the blink of an eye there was   Nothing.

----

I hope you enjoyed the story. I hastily typed it out before work so forgive any spelling errors :) It came out a bit more nihilistic than I intended early on but the end basically wrote itself.