Tightly lashed tourniquets cut into his wrists, a dull and constant pain as his hands slowly died from restricted bloodflow. Nails in the palms of his hands leaked blood. Pastor Thompson tried not to feel the warm trickle as blood dripped down his bound arms. 

His legs grew tired of holding his weight up, of stopping the unrelenting press of his own body's weight on his lungs. Breathing was a chore; each breath came with a little more difficulty than the last. 

The bright hot dual suns scorched his bare flesh under the cloudless green sky. Through bleary eyes he looked down from his crucifix at an assembly of richly adorned priests from a multitude of species, no one like the other. The Priest of Xhulin sat motionless, chittering mandibles clacking under a spiked carapace. The High Bishop of Bal'Saera ran his beak through golden feathers, calmly grooming and preening. The three inch tall Arch-Pope of Nuyra sat calmly siphoning blood from his parasite host, a twelve foot tall hulking brute with glassy eyes.

Pastor Thompson could barely make out any distinctions beyond the closest members. His mouth was dry, lips and tongued cracked from thirst. He begged for water.

"Was your Messiah given water at his death, Godslayer?"

Pastor Thompson nodded weakly. If he were still physically capable of speaking clearly he would have spoken of the Roman centurion who placed a wet sponge on the tip of his lance for Christ to drink from.

The Priest nodded tersely. Pastor Thompson felt a small brief surge of hope, before remembering that the Xhulini nodded to say "no", and waved their hind-arms to signify "yes".

The Nuyran Arch-Pope turned to face the assembly of religious authorities, spreading his tiny wings majestically from atop his hulking host's broad shoulders. "Let all assembled witness on this day, the Great Reparation! For the Almighty sent, in his eternal love and grace, his own son to lead the Humans of Earth out of darkness. And this gift of love was beaten, brutalized, and murdered."

The small Nuyran spun around to glare at Pastor Thompson, throwing his wings wide in righteous anger. "And after murdering the son of the Almighty, were they apologetic? Did the Humans repent, or beg forgiveness? NO! They turned around and claimed that this MURDER, this SACRILEGE, was the Almighty's **PLAN**! That the Almighty was so merciless, so unforgiving, that only by orchestrating the DEATH of his own SON could he SOMEHOW forgive Humanity of their sins!"

The assembly of intergalactic religious authorities murmered angrily, a jumble of responses making their way to Pastor Thompson's ears. . "Preposterous!" "Utter nonsense!" "Ludicrous!"

Pastor Thompson tried vainly to speak in Humanity's defense. We didn't know! We thought it was The Way! But as he hung from his crucifix, his lungs beginning to slowly fill with his own bodily fluids as he baked in the merciless suns, he found himself unable to reply.

He turned his head, slowly and painfully, to his left, then to his right. More crucifixes, stretching beyond the horizons of the alien world. An uncountable host of them, each with a suffering pleading human lashed and nailed to their frame. Uncountable, yet Pastor Thompson was fairly certain it would number around seven billion.

The parasitic Arch-Pope of Nuyra swung his host's broad muscular arms wide, gesturing to the mass genocide being staged behind him. "The Humans have murdered their Messiah, thus it is only fair and right in the eyes of the Almighty that they suffer the same fate He did! And their lands be taken from them, left to be reclaimed by the wilds and the beasts of the land sea and sky. And thus, is the Great Reparation paid in full."

"Glory to He." the assembly of intergalactic faith intoned in unison. As the crucified members of Humanity withered baked and suffocated upon their crucifixes, the Arch-Pope led his followers in a hymn, and a prayer for mercy upon the souls of those paying Reparation. 