“I would *hate* to be immortal,” I declared, sprawled across Allen’s lap as the credits for *Only Lovers Left Alive* began to crawl up the TV screen. 


“Oh?” his tone was indulgent as he began stroking my hair, sensing a righteous rant on the way. “And why’s that?”


“Well, think about it. Having to watch everyone you care about die before you do - and knowing you’ll never see them again. Witnessing wars and people being crappy to each other every day - that’s something that will never change. You’d never get a break from it. I think there’s a reason we’re meant to die.”


He was quiet for a moment, and at his lack of response I thought he hadn’t heard me. But when I turned to lay on my back I could see he was frowning in thought. “Well, I wouldn’t mind. Think of the other things you could do - all the books you could read, the languages you could learn. You could do every single thing you’d never had the time to do otherwise. You’d meet so many new people.”


“Who you’d have to say goodbye to every hundred years! Wouldn’t you get tired of that?”


“Only if it works that way,” he countered. “Am I the only person who has immortality in this scenario?”


“Yes,” I said curtly. “And you’re not allowed to have fun without me. And no screwing women born within a hundred years on either side of my existence.” 


He laughed at that. “Then at least I’d have some peace and quiet.” Noticing the scowl on my face, he grinned and forced me into a sitting position to wrap his arms around me. “I’d accumulate enough money to build a house in the middle of nowhere like a monk, and dedicate myself to just learning new things and climbing mountains, how does that sound?”


“You’d be bored shitless.”


“Only boring people get bored.”


“Fine,” I huffed. “Well, while you live forever, maybe try not to forget me and spare a thought for me and everyone else who ends up locked in purgatory, or hell, or heaven, or wherever it is we end up when we die.”


“*If* there is an afterlife.”


“Heathen.”


Again he laughed, kissing me on the nose. “I promise if I ever become immortal I will never forget you. How could I? I wouldn’t be able to find your brand of crazy in a million years.”

________

I thought that when I died that would be that - the afterlife would wipe clear any kind of individual identity, memories and stresses that made me human, and I’d exist as a kind of spirit, incapable of feeling anything beyond some kind of divine peace and acceptance that there was someone else I used to be. 


I don’t know where I got that idea from. 


The conversation with Allen plays repeatedly in my head as I see earth for the first time in more than a century. I had wanted to see the look on his face when they told me I’d be the last person to cross the mortal threshold, to come back briefly in the aftermath of my accident and say ‘Ha! Would you look at that, there is an afterlife!’ But I was lucky enough that they even let me return, just this once, just to see how the unruly were doing. 


I eventually find him, far away from the cities and technological decay in one of the last remaining reserves. It’s a modest cottage overlooking the river, and if I’d had the ability to cry I would have. To think, he had actually taken off to become that hermit surrounded by books and mountains.


He is hunched over a desk working on some intricate design, looking decades older than when I had left him when I died. I hadn’t been expecting that, and the story of Tithonus’ curse comes to mind. Immortality without eternal youth. 


“Allen?”


He pauses, and slowly looks up from his work. I can see the thoughts frantically trying to arrange themselves behind his eyes, as he struggles to put a name to me. 


“Sophie,” he manages eventually. “Come to haunt me from the grave?”


“Only for a little while,” I nod towards the contraption in his hands. “What’s that?”


“Just another puzzle box, started inventing my own. Easy enough to do once you get started.” He tosses it over his shoulder and the cloud in his eyes gives way to the familiar glint I know so well. “So have you come to collect me then? Did they make you the angel of death?”


“No, you can’t die anymore, remember?”


“Right, yes, of course. Well, as you can see immortality is not all it’s cracked up to be.” He waves dismissively at his body. “If I’d known it was going to be like this, I would have thrown myself in front of that car right behind you.”


“Don’t say things like that.” I reach down to pick up the puzzle box, but of course, I can’t. “They can still fix it. They might reverse it. They might make it better.”


“It’s been two hundred years, Soph, I’ve done everything I wanted to do. And the one thing I want to do now, I can’t.”


I want nothing more than to touch him, I want so badly to take him with me. But I can’t. As if reading my thoughts, he gives me a bittersweet smile and reaches out to trace the outline of my face. 


“I doubt they have room for a heathen like me up there anyway.”


Despite everything, the comment makes me giggle and soon we’re both laughing, until his breaths become ragged and his eyes cloud over again, the recognition disappearing from his eyes. 


“Who are you?”