 “Are you sure you want to go through with this Johann?”

The aging archaeologist looked at his colleague incredulously. Hannah looked at him with a worried brow. He understood her concerns, but after the last year of preparation, of countless toil and sleepless nights, she should have known better.  

“I need to know -what the damn thing says,” he breathed.

\* \* \*

One year ago, Aradine Technologies introduced their quantum super-computer MK-X1158a to the world. Jokingly codenamed Deep Thought by the programmers and engineers, the computer’s AI grew at a rate faster than anyone could have expected.   By it’s first day, it was doing high level maths, and creating mind boggling proofs.  On day three, it presented a proposal to end world hunger and end global warming. Within six days it learned syntax, grammar, and conversation skills to the point that you could have a conversation with the damn thing and forget you were talking to a bundle of wires and processors.

After seven days, it was capable of fixing the stock market, political crises, and rig every fantasy football league on the internet. 

By it’s eighth day, serious discussion was held among high level world government officials to disable the machine as it became interested in cryptography, shocking the world as it announced that it had cracked the US and Russian nuclear launch codes of 12345678 and 07101952, respectively.

This day also brought a great deal of interest from archeologists as Deep Thought also began deciphering ancient texts. It started with the Voynich manuscript, revealing the tome to be essentially a fifteenth century sci-fi epic equivalent of Star Wars. Random House were quick to pick up the translated publishing rights from Aradine, and a theatrical version is due out in a few months.

Next it translated the Phaistos Disk, revealing it to be nothing more than a ledger on loans and credit given out by it’s unknown owner.

So it was that the computer began translating and shining light on countless ancient texts and artifacts revealing most of them to be mundane in nature, or great lost works of art. 

The academic world revelled in it’s new found knowledge of the ancient world, until Deep Thought came across the Dispilio Tablet.

The Dispilio Tablet was a strange curiosity.  It was a small wooden tablet bearing undeciphered markings, dating back to 5202BC. Found in Greece, it was a oddity, as most of the academic world believed writing to have been invented by Sumeria nearly one thousand years after the Dispilio Tablet had been dated.  As such, learning more about the Dispilio Tablet could change the very understanding of human history.

When Deep Thought came across the tablet, it processed it’s information, but unlike so many other texts, did not present it’s findings.  

When queried about it’s translation, Deep Thought refused to present it’s transcription. Asked why it would not share it’s translation, Deep Thought responded: *The translations for Text 0000004444, cannot be provided as it would present a threat to human safety and the future of mankind.*

This chilled the blood of every person following news of the Deep Thought program.  For days, Academics queried Deep Thought on the translations, but it refused to expose it’s knowledge.  When the technicians at Aradine proposed accessing Deep Thoughts data directly, the machine greeted them by announcing it had assumed the possibility of this, and declared it had created a “kill switch” of sorts. If the machine were turned off or directly accessed, it would wipe it’s drives and terminate itself to prevent the information reaching the general populous.

No one could figure out what had happened and how to proceed.  Many gave up on the translation, believing it was some sick joke of the programmers, and that Deep Thought hadn’t decyphered the tablet at all, it’s warning was just some default message presented to save face.

It was then that Johann Sebastian Hennig found interest in the translation.  Named after the great composer, Johann Sebastian Bach, Hennig was anything but great.  He had spent most of his career as a catalogist, keeping track of great finds of better men and women, as he aged away in the storage rooms of the Pergamon Museum.  When he died no one would praise his name, he wouldn’t even be a footnote in the academic field. He would be one more forgotten speck of dust to history.

It was this thought that brought him forward with a proposal to Deep Thought and Aradine.

When he proposed his idea, the heads at Aradine thought him mad.  Despite this, he was allowed to speak to Deep Thought and propose his plan.  Deep thought listened to his argument, and after he was done, simple stated: *Yes. Procede.*

Johann began his project.  Many of his colleagues called him mad, and the world media began joking of the Crazy German.

As Johann saw it, Deep Thought would not release it’s translation of the Dispilio Tablet because that information could not be controlled.  The second someone read it, even if they promised never to divulge it’s contents, there was always the possibility they would.  As such, Johann configured a setup so that the information could be shared, but never get out.  He would be told the translation by Deep Thought, and then after digesting the information, kill himself.

His plan involved a steel chamber,two meters cubed, with a single door that would lock when he entered.  Inside the chamber would be a computer terminal on a closed intranet.  It would be connected to Deep Thought, and he would be presented the information. Then, after he had understood the information, he would end his life with a pistol. Cameras and sensors in the room would allow Deep Thought to verify his death and thus ensure the information never left this closed experiment. As an added safety measure, he envisioned a furnace system, that at Deep Thoughts controls, be used to sterilize the room, should he go mad and attempt to copy the translation in a physical format.

Needless to say, everyone thought him mad, all except Hannah, who was oddly supportive. The young woman even chimed in on his designs. She understood why he intended on doing it and was almost disappointed she hadn’t thought of the idea first.

Hannah helped in his preparation and even proposed that a second chamber should be added.

“Why?” he had asked.

Curtly, she replied, “So you go into a chamber and blow your brains out.  What does that prove?  You need someone else to hear that you had read the translation, and that no further inquiries should be made.”

Johann mulled this over, “Hypothetically, what if I should go mad and I tell the translation to that other person.”

“Well then, that person would be incinerated by Deep Thought the same as you, and outside observers would realize what happened and know that the translations are real and not to be trifled with.”

Nodding, the old man looked at his younger colleague, “And I assume you would like to be in the other chamber?”

“Why not?  I’m not doing anything important.”