I always took naps in the pods, it felt great when the timer rang 12 minutes I felt refreshed and the hangover from a night of binge drinking with my friends seemed to just fade away, 12 minutes felt like 9 hours, I'm lucky I even had the job. Clean at discretion no drug tests and I was paid a salary that would make my mom proud... This stoner burn out was going places. Was going places... That feeling stops by the way, twelve minutes is nice but 250 years... Yeah my body seized up when they woke me up, extremely long temporary blindness is another added benefit of accidentally falling in. Apparently some time after these pods were made there was a war and Humanity fell into Extinction... shit. What's worse still is everyone that I knew... Is gone, the soldiers in the other pods, my parents my brother and sister, friends... Only thing I have left is my bong and no weed. It's been six hours and I'm still shivering, this alien woman with a blueish hue has been trying to explain the situation, things got awkward when she told me she was going to debrief me... My bad. When I started, me and a few of the soldiers had a on running joke. They gave me military equipment, a fake ID number and a dozen pictures of my asleep with dicks drawn on my face hung up with a plaque under each one that read employee of the month. Ironically, I was the only janitor on board that had boarding privileges. So being that I was the only permanent janitorial employee, being a bum, and an idiot... I am now, by pure misunderstanding, the only hope this foxy blue alien chick and her race's hope against extinction. 
To clarify I don't know who the enemy is, I have never served in the military, I do not have any super serum for a super soldier, And I'm the most qualified candidate (not really) to protect earth. And these aliens with like no body fat, similar anatomy (minus the blue skin, and braided dread like appendages), that are all gorgeous. I may have overplayed my hand this time. Flexing my job and pretending to be a soldier to get some tail... It was cute back when it didn't hurt anybody (okay that's still pretty fucked up). But now, as the initial affects of pod sickness wear off I'm realizing just how bad I really fucked up. I'm going into panic mode, and they s hot alien chick is gonna realize I'm a fraud. She's still talking... Oh God! I can't breathe...