I awoke to a blinding light and my head was pounding. I reached over to my bed stand for the remote to my blinds and my hand brushed up against something metallic and cold. My eyes had started to adjust and I realized I was in some sort of lab, instead of my bed where I had went to sleep the night before. On the metal tray where my hand were several metallic objects I had never seen before, nor did they resemble anything I have ever seen.

"Yo" a voice over to the side of the room startled me and I flipped of the examination table and sprawled out onto the floor.

"Dude that looked painful, you alright?" Said them man coming over to offer me a hand. He was pretty short with thick wavy hair and he looked a bit on the large size, he was wearing basic jeans and a T-shirt that had pink floids album art on it.

"Where am I!?" I stammered, just now realized I was wearing what looked like a hospital gown. "Who are you?"

"Uhhhh, jack black. You know, high fidelity? School of rock, tenacious D, King Kong?" I just stared at him in disbelief, it really was him, what the hell. "As to where we are, we are in a mutherfuckin space ship. Yeah, that's right, an alien space ship." He said twirling his fingers around his head, as to make what he said sound even crazier.

"Well how do we leave?" I ask, I never really was one for conversation, short and simple and to the point.

"Leave?" He replied. "Why would anyone want to leave? You get to do whatever you want here! The little dudes, they are AWESOME! Look at this even." He picks up a bag of something and starts popping the contents into his mouth. "These are phleebos, basically cheetos but the space kind. They are fuckin Suh-weet. You gotta try some." He holds out a handful of what looks similar to cicada shells covered in a white powder. No thanks.

I frantically start pacing around the room, looking for a way out. Why aren't there any doors in this room?! "Jack how did you get in this room with me?"

"Oh, you just walk through the door, you see that wall there that's red instead of white, that's the door, just walk into it." He said jamming more phleebos into his mouth.

I looked at the wall and couldn't wait any longer, I ran full speed into the red wall, I had to get out of here as fast as possible. I had hoped to be ported to like a dick or something, or to someone I could talk to, or to anywhere really. I had really hoped it would be somewhere, instead of just crashing into it like a fly stuck in a jar. My body crashed against the wall with a huge thud.

"Hahaha" Jack burst out laughing. "You need to turn it on." Jack walked over to the wall and started furrowing his brow and looking intensely at the wall, like he was trying to communicate with it. His face got really intense like he was hyper focusing or trying to bend it with his mind. Then out of nowhere he let out a long and loud fart and started laughing. He reached his hound out and touched the wall and all of a sudden the entire wall sprung to life, like it was covered in millions and millions or red ants crawling all over each other. "After you" he said.

I got up of the floor and stared at the wall. This didn't look safe at all. This time I slowly made my way to the wall and reluctantly placed my hand against its ever shifting surface. It passed through with ease, but it really did feel like a ring of ands was crawling on my forearm where my hand currently was through the portal. I helps my breath and walk through the remainder just to greeted on the other side my jack black again, how did he get infront of me?

"Your free to go truekeitaro, as long as you can make it through the trial." He said, without looking at me, his gaze was focused around the corner, I could see lights reflecting of his eyes.

"Don't you want to leave too jack?" I asked, not really caring if he came back with me or not.

"Nah" he quickly said. " Me and the little dudes got a pretty fucking awesome band thing going on. We are called, 'The pooskidoos' they have no clue what that means... but still, our music, is out of this world! LITERALLY!"

With that I just walked by him, to see what my trial was. I came into a room, with a television, and an bowl of phleebos and a chair. I saw a door on the other side of the room, it's locked.  So reluctantly I sat in the chair facing the screen. As I sat down the movie big daddy started playing on the screen. I looked around to see if anyone was around, no-one. I guess I just have to watch the movie...

I sat through the whole movie, and as soon as the credits started I heard a click from the door. I slowly approached it and cracked the door open, it led into an identicle room just like the one I was in.

"I wouldn't go any further if I was you." Jack said close to my ear, that bastard snuck up behind me. " Once you start the next part of the trial, you can't come back."

"What's the next part of the trial?"

"Can't say" he says with a serious look on his face. "But you could just stay here, things are pretty awesome, and you haven't even seen the holo deck yet!"

I look at him in disbelief before walking through the door and cordially slamming it in his face. Good riddance, I didn't even like that guy's movies. I walked over to the chair and took a seat. There was another locked door in the back of this room. As soon as I sat down the movie click started playing. 
 
"Oh lords another Adam Sandler movie!? Come one really!" I yell out loud, to no one in particular. I sit through the whole movie, grinding my teeth, just waiting for it to be over, as soon as the credits roll the door unlocks. I sprint to it just to find myself in another room just like the last two. 

I sit down, Spanglish.
The next one was little Nikki.
Then waterboy.
Then grown ups.
Then billy Madison, 
Then the wedding singer.
50 first dates... 
grown ups 2...
Zohan..
Pixels..
Me. Deeds.
...

