"Such a beautiful view!" I told myself as I looked out of the window.

It was sunset, the reds the oranges, even the slight tones of purple. That made it worth living here. Five days after moving out of the royal castle I went exploring, and thats where I found her, a small, baby, dragon. I picked up this baby dragon and as soon as I did, an arrow went flying over my head as I heard voices, multiple people.

"I sure it went this way" said one person

"I swear boss! Im gonna kill it, look at the burns it gave me" Said another

I hear rustling leaves and then I saw 2 people, one of them had severe burns.

"Mam" said the first person, he glanced what I was holding, well, dangling out of my arms, a small, black dragon with purple eyes. "Put down that dragon! That creature is HIGHLY dangerous"I refused and smiled "No, im keeping it, im naming it Star"

The second man gasped and started to speak "Im sorry but its illegal for people to keep dragons as pets!"

This is where my position comes in, as a princess, I can bend the rules a touch, get pets im not allowed to, go to places im not supposed to go, that sort of thing. "I am a princess, and Im keeping this dragon"

As I said that, I knew they had enough, one of them pulled up their cross bow, so I booked it. Racing through the forest, branches hitting my face, a tight hold on the baby dragon, then I reached a path into town, I ran into town, the two hunters chasing after me, as I ran I saw a small castle, my house! I ran into my house and slammed the door. Bang Bang Bang, three arrow heads stuck through the door, I opened it a crack and yelled "I'll have you sued for this!"

&#x200B;

And thats how I got my dragon, Ive had them for years now, now that you look, you can see a number of battle scars, they're missing an eye, there's a rip in the left wing, and a missing toe, but, I love Star.

"Such a beautiful view!" I told myself as I looked out of the window. I glanced over to the medium sized dragon next to me, stunted due to the wing being torn, it was a surprise she even made it, let alone grew to be bigger than a human, if only slightly. I heard my door being knocked down, (after a few years with my dragon, most people moved out due to either being worried about my dragon, or other reasons, either way, this place was a ghost town) and a person yell "I AM HEAR TO RESCUE THE PRINCESS!!!" I groan and yell back.

"I DONT NEED RESCUING, IF YOUR HERE FOR THE DRAGON WE'RE IN ANOTHER CASTLE" No one ever listens, but I say it anyway, just in case it actually works for once. I hear him walking around, this didn't work.

"Cmon Star, lets scare him off" I giggle. Star makes a little giggle too.

I hop onto Stars back as we set off down the stairs, the guy is rummaging through my kitchen! He hears Star's heavy breathing and slowly turns around, and screams"AHHH IM GONNA DIE AHH--?" Then he notices me, atop the dragon. "Princess! I shall save you"I glare at him and sigh.

"Star, do your thing." I say

Star picks the guy up in her mouth and takes him the the door and tosses him out, I then slam the door.

"Dont come back!" I yell.

Groaaan, cant wait for next weeks attempt to 'rescue' me.