Three lifeless sets of eyes stared expectantly at me. I kept my own eyes glued to the table before me. I was too afraid to look up at Sam. 

Sweet Sam.  My best friend. 

Sweet Sam, the boy who used to sneak through my bedroom window back in grade school whenever I was grounded, just to keep me company. 

Sweet Sam, who once punched Roger Barnes square in the jaw in our middle school lunchroom after the miserable bully poured sour milk all over my new backpack. 

My dearest Sammy, who took me to senior prom himself after my good for nothing boyfriend ditched me for his slutty ex. 

Sweet Sam. My best friend. 

“Do you understand?” 

Death’s monotonous, baritone brought me back into my aching body. 

“Two versus two?” I stammered. Sam shifted beside me. 

Sam. 

Sweet Sam, who helped me move into my first dorm room.

Sweet Sam, who stayed on the phone with me for hours every night that first week of college when the homesickness was too much to bear. 

My dearest Sam, who promised to visit every chance he got. Oh, the elation I used to feel when I knew Sam was coming to campus! 

That was before I knew why, of course. 

A loud clunk interrupted my thoughts as Satan dropped something hard on the table. My breath caught in my throat. Even before looking, I knew what it was. The revolver.

“Russian Roulette” Death confirmed as his skeletal hand picked up the gun. 

I heard the release, then a whir and snap as the cylinder was spun and flipped back in place. Then a click of the empty chamber. One. Sam inched forward in the seat next to me, reaching shakily for his turn. 

Sweet Sam, who made my heart swell and my mind race with visions of our happy future together when he started frequenting my dorm more and more.

Sweet Sam, who always brought flowers to brighten the drab decor and chocolates to share with my roommate Susan. 

My roommate.

I heard another click. Two. Satan impatiently snatched the gun from Sam’s hand. 

The third click was immediate. 

Then it all came rushing back. 

How I had come home from class yesterday to find Sam, Sweet, Dear Sam, in bed with Susan. How they were so engulfed in the passion of the moment, they hadn’t even noticed my return. 

They hadn’t noticed when I crossed the room to my own bed to retrieve the revolver I kept under my mattress. Hadn’t noticed when I loaded the five bullets into the chamber. 

My Sweet Sam only noticed something was wrong after I put two bullets in Susan’s head. But he didn’t have a chance to look up before I put two bullets in his. 

So I kept my eyes locked on the table. Even when I felt a fourth pair of lifeless eyes burning into me. 

As Susan pressed the cold steel barrel up against my temple from behind, I finally understood. 

I’m not the chosen teammate. 

I’m the chosen prize. 

I closed my eyes, as Satan chuckled. 

Then I heard nothing. 

————-

“Textbook murder suicide?” the stout detective asked as he pushed through the crowd of murmuring students lining the sidewalk outside the dorms. 

“Five shots, one after another,” confirmed the uniformed deputy, “Two for each of the two lovebirds, the finals for herself.” 

“Bloody hell. Seems cut and dry to me,” the detective retorted, “What do you need me for?”

“Well there is one thing that is...unusual...” the uniform started. 

“Does the devil got your tongue? Spit it out.” 

“Multiple witnesses say they saw two hooded figures exit the room right after they heard the shots.”

“I’ll be damned, did you review the surveillance footage?” 

“Well that’s the thing, sir. There’s nothing on the footage but the perp going in. After the shots, no one comes out.” 

“Bloody hell.”

“Bloody hell, indeed.” 

The two men signed and got ready for the long night ahead.