 As the western sky began to darken, just as it always did, and Professor Ronald Mytinger set his evening cup of coffee on the far right corner of his desk, just as he always did, that very same cup of coffee began to indulge in self-pity. As the common breakfast sacrement slowly lost heat and significance in the mind of its master to the passage of time and circumstance, an amusing thought crossed the mind of this god-of-coffee-cups.

After the coordinates of the transmission received that morning at 4:41am by the all-night party animals over at SETI was sent over to a dozen or so subsequent teams of patient angels for confirmation, then sent to a couple dozen master linguists, politicians, coders, programmers, engineers, philosophers, psychologists, quantum physicists, and sociologists, it was determined within a small margin of error what the encoded message, translated into good old-fashioned American, was trying to say.

“Greetings, Colony #037. We are glad to see you survived. The others all ran out of resources. May we come over?"

The thought, mentioned earlier, was a sort of synesthesia. The transparencies of overlapping patterns that show up from time to time rendering life an endless fractal of maintenance and collapse. The thought was a tickle in the back of Professor Mytinger’s brain. An echo of the words he read, plain as binary, in that very *first* momentous and mortifying message from an intelligence greater, older than our own. Thoughts from the minds of creatures whos fingernail clippings could have been the spark of life as we had always know it to be, right up until this very moment. And the message.. The message.

The message Professor Ronald Mytinger wanted to send to the fathers of creation as a reply was, to the sound of his brilliant heart breaking, simply this: 

“I didn’t spend eight years in college to begin my post-grad research with another shithead roommate. No quarter.”

There are some moments when the sheer audacity of the human spirit, even in passionate haste, can miraculously save the day. If Professor Ronald Mytinger had, in fact, had the final say in our pen-palling with upper management, we just may still be around to laugh about it all.