Once a month for one minute we are destined to see through our soulmates eyes, Or so I've been told... We call it the glimpse and It usually begins to happen at around age 16, I don't know anyone who hasn't had theirs, but next week I turn 19 and I still haven't seen it yet. 

People speak about how romantic it is, how close you feel to another person, your seeing through their eyes for God's sake. When it first began to happen 100 years ago people were overjoyed they were so happy, so happy that they were not alone, that there was someone out there just for them. Some special person that they had an already formed relationship with. Like a long lost best friend you've never met. 

I don't want to be alone, I want to be loved, I want someone to love. Someone to be with, to cherish, someone just to accept me for who I am regardless of my flaws. Sometimes I just get so fed up of being alone. Sometimes I beg, I pray that there's someone out there for me. 

The day passes, I sit alone in my one bedroom apartment staring at my mobile, an empty screen, black, the dark reflection of the forlorn face of a gaunt man staring at me and I sit alone. Am I cursed? I wonder. Is there some cosmic force that wants to punish me for some past crime? 

And then it hits me like a sledgehammer to the face, A squeezing pressure wrapping around me and all of a sudden I'm on a beach. The ocean splashes a few feet in front of me the white sand sparkles in the sun and I feel her. Closer than a hug, like a melding of the minds a sharing of the souls as if we are one being. Breathing in rythm together I feel as if I have known her since before I was born, like another part of me that's been missing for so long, for the first time I feel whole. and just like that It's gone. 

All I'm left with is that faint feeling of wholeness and an image of her eyes. Two bright blue spheres as deep as an ocean, containing a world unto themselves, staring at me framed by golden eyelashes, there's a slight bit of sand under one of them. Before I know it I'm on the floor, tears streaming out of my eyes a slightly sobbing, it came it finally came to me after all these long years of waiting. 

Time passes and I learn more about my soulmate, her name is Ashley, she lives in Hawaii, her favorite food is pineapple ice cream, she hates rock music and loves her poodle mix Charlie. Soon I have enough to afford to make the trip to Hawaii. Upon my arrival she's there holding up a sign with my name on it. Everything is good we talk for hours about every possible thing to talk about. We spend nights walking the beaches, just being near her makes my heart leap into my head, I think nothing of her, But it's not the same. 

I don't feel whole, there is something missing in out relationship and she feels it too, it's not sudden but over the course of the next few months it fades. We still are close but not in the way we once were before and far from when we expirienced the glimpse together. The seasons change from spring to winter to fall And it gets worse. First it starts as a few light words and turns into full blown arguments and before I know it I'm moving back to Seattle from Hawaii and settling in a new place all by myself. I'm now alone again and the worse part Is the dreading loneliness that manages to creep in to my thoughts. I began to talk to a therapist about this topic.

My therapist says that I was focusing too much on the glimpse to find me a source of love but not my own  self or those around me to gratify my needs and to remedy this I should forget the fading memories of Ashley  and the glimpse. In the End you are the master of your own universe. 

