"Nowhere important," I tried to shrug off.

"No? You sure were railing on about that afterlife a few days ago. Before they strapped those thorns on you, marched you across town, nailed you to some poles, hoisted you in the air, and stuck you in the guts with a spear. Or so I hear. That heavenly gleam doesn't seem so shiny now does it?"

"Well..." I tried to explain, "that was always supposed to be kind of a thought experiment. A common goal for humanity to work towards."

"Bullshit!" exclaimed the fisherman, "you used the term 'afterlife,' I fucking heard you."

"Well yeah," I scrambled, "death is just one more hurdle. Once   you manage to clear it ---"

"What's a hurdle?"

"Excuse me?"

"A hurdle --- what is it?"

"An obstacle of sorts. Now once you manage to clear it ---"

"What sort of obstacle?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"What sort of obstacle does a 'hurdle' propose?"

"In the literal sense, a vertical one, but I was using it as a metaphor."

"What's a metaphor?"

"Not much."

"What?"

"Sorry, bad pun."

"What?"

"That tree is far away."

"Which one?" 

*(Thank you, Mitch)* "Nevermind."

"What?!"

"As I was saying... Death is just one of the metaphorical 'Horsemen.'"

"What, the *fuck* is a metaphor?!"

"One of the four obstacles to be conquered!" *I'm getting the hang of this now!* "Death, War, Famine, and Pestilence! Once you defeat all four, there will be no cause for suffering! Once there is no suffering, you will have created Heaven... (I added a pause for dramatic effect) on Earth!"

"What's so good about Heaven?" said the fisherman, "Why should I sacrifice so much so that everybody else can gain?"

"What do you mean?"

"I make the most profits during famine. The more food people can farm, the less they are willing to pay for my fish. Why should I wish for their famine to end?"

Trying to bring the conversation around to his way of thought, "If you are fed, what need have you of profit?"

"If I'm not less hungry than someone else, than what am I?" 

I barely noticed his filet knife as he sliced my throat. 

Such is life.