"What are you doing?" I asked the green one as strange sounds that my translator couldn't keep up with issued from its mouth.  I was a little nervous meeting so many different aliens in one setting.

"Please do not disturb me further, high mage," it said then continued.

"What's he doing?" I asked the smaller alien next to him, "And why is he calling me a magician?"

"He is doing a standard communication ritual," the small alien turned one of its eye stalks to me, "As a high mage you should be very familiar with it.  Do you humarones have another spell you communicate with?"

"Humans," I corrected, "I'm not a mage.  I'm a marine.  First Officer Mitchell Rowls" I introduced myself.

"You must be a high mage," the alien said now turning both eye stalks to me, "You used a teleportation spell to get here.  That takes decades, if not centuries, of practice and study to master.  Only the top one percent of a species can achieve that level of mastery."

"Oh that," I said then patted my belt, "Standard Teleportation Unit, or STU junior, as we grunts call them.  Can only teleport up to twenty kilometers though.  We need a Long Range Standard Teleportation Unit to teleport across galactic distances.  Those are STU seniors."

"Wait," the chanting suddenly stopped, aliens turned to me, "Are you telling me you use a *machine* to mimic one of the most advanced spells that only our elite can learn?  That all of the trillions of humans can do this?"

"Why yes, anyone can teleport if they have a STU on them" I admitted and it felt like the air was sucked from the room and I could now smell the panic of a dozen different sentient species.

"We must kill them!  Machine using heretics cannot be allowed to live as per the Covenant!" the alien yelled and chanting started all around me.  I shouldered my plasma rifle as my helmet clicked into place, auto closing and sealing me in as my adrenaline levels skyrocketed.

"Stand down," I yelled, as trained, but my shields kicked in to full as fire, ice, rocks, and an alien equivalent of a kitchen sink bounced off, I keyed the safety off and fired.  My suit was recording everything as pulse after pulse tore through the weak, magically summoned shields of the aliens.

"Rowls," a voice said through my comm, "You better have a damned good reason for discharging that...  hold on, I'm getting reports of marines being attacked all across the surface of Utopia.  Well, I guess war has just been declared on us.  All teams, mass STU coming up.  Hold still."

There was a flash and Rowls stood in the hangar bay of the Constitution surrounded by fully shielded marines who, just a second before, hand been part of the delegation to Utopia.

"How many casualties?"  Colonel Asham asked, chewing on a cigar.

"Just one out of the four hundred sent down," his second in command answered, "Private Lansing's didn't react fast enough.  She suffered severe freezing damage.  Her conscious managed to upload in time though.  We're prepping her clone now.  Man, she's gonna be pissed."

"Gentlemen," the Colonel smiled and cocked his plasma rifle, smiling over his cigar, "The Alien Covenant just attacked us unprovoked at a goodwill meeting.  It's time to show them what marines can do.  More importantly it's time to show them what HUMANS can do.  Prep the STU's.  I want this planet in our hands by sundown, then we'll let the diplomats have their fun after teaching this scum a lesson.  Gunners, soften 'em up."

We all ran for portholes as the big Plasma's fired downward.  I smiled as I watched the fires starting miles below.

"Never start a fight you can't finish," I said and felt a hand on my shoulder.  When I turned I found the Colonel's smiling face there.

"You're damned right, son," he said, "You're damned right."

