The doctor made a mark in his notepad. I assumed he was counting the "Dr. Drones" I had been assigned. To most people they were useful. To most people they were helpful. But in my case they were bombs. 

The initial market for Dr. Drones began in late 2030, being marketed as "A psychatrist in a ball!" or something like that. Invented by Maxwell Sharp, a so-called millenial, the Dr. Drone line was invented to help with the anxiety and social hardships that plagued his generation. Notable tech giant Evan Musker bought and mass produced them and here we are. 

The Doctor looked up from his notepad. "So. I see you're back. What happened this time?"

"I dunno" I replied. "Maybe I'm just unfixable. Or maybe I don't need to be fixed at all."

"Fix you? These droids aren't here to 'fix' you. They're here to provide emotional support if and when you ever need it. They also serve as useful tools to expose a criminal element, or at least those prone to it. Not to mention they're required by law."

"Yeah, they've proven SO helpful far" I held up my left hand to indicate a burn scar. "I got this one from number 8, and the matching mark on my right shoulder is from number 5. If they're job is to try and explode me, they're doing great."

With a heavy sigh, the Doctor pulled a small container from his bottom desk drawer, about the size of a snow-globe. He removed the lid and out floated a small, crimson-red ball. 

"Hello, new user." A 3x3 array of small dots flashed blue with each syllable "My name is Orvus mk. 7, a psychological and emotional support android. Please listening closely to the following terms before using me." 

"Skip!" Said the medicine man and I, perfectly in unison. We've gone through this 10 times already. Listening to it the first time was bad enough. 

"You know the drill. Take this home, set it up, and let it scan you somewhere private where you won't be distracted, and let the bot do Its thing."

"Why? This one won't be better than the others."

"Just try it out and see. Take it home, let it scan you, and contact me in the morning."

I've heard the best thing about these bots is the scan. It puts you into a trance, and you and it have a long conversation about you and what makes you, you. They say it's like taking a long nap. My bots have never made it that far.

"Fine" I responded. "See you next week for a new one, doc."

"We'll see" and he handed the ball to me. I took it from him, said my farewell, and walked out to my car. I still had to set the thing up, but I could do that on my way home. 

"Orvus, set up new user." It's lights flashed and it rose up out of my hand, floating on seemingly nothing. "Okay, sure!  Please state your name."

I gave it a name. Setup was a simple process. It asked for basic information about you, you answered, and then you had a ball floating over your shoulder, providing advice and answers to questions as needed.

The drive home was relatively short. Orvus and I finished up right when I pulled in my driveway. "Would you like to commence the scan?"

"No thank you Orvus. But I would like you to head down to the bank for a little while."

It gave its own equivalent of a laugh. "I'm afraid I can't do that Dave." Which is probably some reference I don't get. "You know a good support droid can never leave its ownera side"

I pulled out my phone. "Orvus, initiate program Musker.4u70n0m0u5.exe. Override protocol command: Bravo Sierra Mike 7 Niner"

The blue lights flickered and changed. Blue to green to yellow.  "Command accepted." "Good. Orvus, run a diagnostic"

Its lights flashed. "Diagnostic running. Ai unit disabled. Moral unit disabled. Speech module, intact. All parts intact. Checking software. Updated to latest version."

"Excellent. Orvus, open back panel B-7." Two plates retracted, revealing a small open space, orignally designed to hold candy for children. Now, however, it's going to hold a Geocentric Location and Removal Device, an item of my own design. It's purpose was to upload a location to these robots, send them there, and then remove that location. Violently. 

"Orvus, close back panel B-7 and begin data upload" 

"Understood." The plates closed and seamlessly disappeared. Orvus floated off down the street and in the direction of its prey, this time aiming for a bank. I stood there and watched it go, until it disappeared.

I turned around and went inside, aiming myself for a couch with a TV in front of it. When I flipped it on, Uncle Musker was there, talking about some new thing he invented that could probably make dirt taste like cotton candy or something. I flipped to an all day news channel and waited. 

A big story was about to break, and I didn't want to miss it.