Jordan had a number, and eagerly waited for his number to be called on the big screen in the waiting room. It was filled with nervous pacers and impatient folks, waiting for their turn to be judged. It had been an hour and a half in the waiting room, and a year in purgatory. The nuclear war really set judgement back, and God is stressed the hell out. 

He made his way to the coffee machine and filled his styrofoam cup. Finally he heard a ding and a robot’s voice call “G073”. His heart was pounding, his mind was racing. His soul was on the line. He was excited to look upon the face of God, but he was more overcome with fear. He  was always a good Christian, but he’s aware that he wasn’t perfect. 

“Uhh” he thought. “What should I do with this cup?” He looked around in a frenzy, trying to decide where to leave the cup. “Would it be rude if I brought it with?” He thought. He resolved to leave it on the coffee table. Nobody will notice, and even if they did, what are the chances he sees them again? 

He walked to the desk with one of God’s assistant sand handed her his number. The assistant took him down the hall. There were lots of offices. Who ever thought ruling the universe was a divine bureaucracy? 

They got to the last one and the assistant opened the door. “Jordan Randal Fischer” she said into the room. Behind the desk was an old, greatly bearded man. Jordan always figured god would be naked, or at least wearing those white robes he’s always portrayed as wearing. Nope. Solid grey button down shirt with the top button unbotton, tucked into denim jeans, a black belt, and dress shoes. His head was resting on his hand, he only brought his eyes to meet Jordan’s for a moment, and immediately back down to the folder on his desk. 

“Have a seat, my child.” He said disinterestedly.

Jordan walked over and sat, the door behind him closed shut. God just kept reading the folder in front of him, whispering the words to himself. 

“God?” Jordan asked. 

“One second.” God said, holding a finger up. He got to a line, sighed, and rolled his eyes. “Uhh. Why?” 

“Excuse me?” Jordan asked. 

“Did you read my book, Jordan?” 

“Admittedly, not all of it, but I tried to...” 

“Well”, god interrupted, “it looks like you were lustful, for which you repented. You had anger in your heart, for which you repented. You were unfaithful, for which you repented.” Jordan was getting nervous. Was this about his experimenting with a guy in college? “You have theft, for which you repented. And you mixed fabrics, for which you seem unconcerned, and dare I say, prideful?” Jordan was astonished, he sat with his mouth ajar mumbling umm’s and I’s while he tried to think of a response. “Why didn’t you just kill someone Jordan? Or lust after your neighbor’s wife? How many times did I have to say all sins are equal to get the point across?” 

Jordan sat dumbfounded. 

“Whatever, I don’t have time for this.” God pushed the folder away from him. “Just leave through the first door. Past it is eternal damnation.”

“WHAT?!” Jordan screamed out. “No, please. God, there must be something you can do!” 

God was frustrated and buried his head in his hands. “Why are you people all the same?! UGH! Chill out, it’s not that bad. You won’t burn. It’s just a world with complete freedom - subject to the same twists and turns, ups and downs, as life on Earth.”

Jordan was confused. 

“The only difference is that I’m not there to control things. I was pretty busy the last couple of centuries anyway, so I hardly got involved in Earth during your time.” 

Jordan was still confused. 

God said, “I’m calling the next one in, go on now.” 

With that, Jordan walked through the door, and found himself in eternal damnation. When he looked around, he noticed it was crowded and that everyone was wearing mixed fabrics. 