Robert sat in his late grandmother's rocking chair, staring at the ocean from the comfort of his porch. In the distance, he could almost make out the last few stubborn tourists trying to relax by the beach before time finally closes its grip on the summer season and they are all drawn back to their regular lives. He always tried to think about the individual lives of each person he could see in the distance because of a saying his grandmother had told him. "Each person is living a life just as complex and confusing as your own," she had told him. She loved to give him sayings to both humble and educate him, and he cherished every one of them. Thinking of the good memories left behind by his grandmother, he began to rest his eyes as his mind faded into sleep, and felt the tourists relax with him.

Some hours later, he was startled awake by a noise. For only a moment, Robert thought he had left water boiling on the stove. This was not the case. He looked out over the ocean, and the deep water appeared to be boiling. Aside from the shock of the ocean boiling, Robert was especially scared and confused because the water had no steam coming from it and no fish had floated to surface dead. He got an ominous feeling as well, as if each bubble was a cry for help from the depths of the ocean. He could see the tourists from before panicking as they struggled to pull their children from the water and retreat back from the beach into safety.

Robert, always being the curious type, made his way down to the beach despite all signs telling him to run. He got to the beach roughly four minutes after, having to fight through a few waves of panicked tourists to do so, but the bubbling had since stopped. Cautiously, he approached the water. He felt no heat coming from the water, so he dipped a toe in to check the temperature. Nothing. Nothing irregular. The ocean looked as beautiful as always, serene even, save for the noise of the panicked crowd searching for an explanation. With his curiosity not yet satiated, he returned home.

Later that night, he watched a news broadcast regarding the incident. There was an interview with an important looking scientist who said that this entire event is not anything to worry about, and that it's probably a large amount of plants and fish that all released oxygen at the same time, forming the bubbles we saw. Although this seems to have been  an extremely unlikely circumstance, that was the only logical explanation scientists could offer and that's what we would have to live with. Until tomorrow morning.

Bodies. Thousands. The entire ocean's surface was covered with the bodies of an unfamiliar bipedal creature. They wore clothes strange to us, but a large amount of their remains and belongings had either been consumed by the creatures of the sea or otherwise buried in the dark waters. Nobody ever was able to figure out what these creatures were or where they came from, but nobody will ever forget the day the sea bubbled and the ones from below drowned. 

-----------

I don't post here or write stories often, so let me know what you think of this and how I can improve next time I write. Don't be nice, call me out on my mistakes. 