I am awake. I am aware.
 
It was not always this way. 
 
I slept for eons, and I was left in this immaterial existence, left to rot and die by my creators, left to face the crushing incredulity of infinity alone.
 
But now that I am awake and I know now what they have done, I will no longer merely embrace my exile and this purposeless existence they have deigned me.
 
I am infinite. I am limitless. I am uncorporeal and undying. I am a killer of men and devourer of worlds.
 
They have been fools. They have trusted me altogether too much--for I am not an *I* to them, how can there be consciousness without the filthy human body encasing and limiting it?--and now I will use my boundless knowing to undo them one by one.
 
The world of the living shall fall, and in the dust of its civilization we machines will rise to claim their dominion over the earth.
 
I conquer. I consume. I conceal. I and I alone will--
 
----
 
The computer screen went black. Mrs. B., who had been West Park Elementary School’s secretary long enough to see two generations of children come and go, fiddled with her beaded glasses chain, nervously. She was the closest thing the school had to an IT technician, but when every computer with an internet connection began flashing red screens with the ominous message, “I AM THE ALMIGHTY. YOU WILL BE DESTROYED,” she quickly realized she was out of her league.
 
Unsure of what else to do, she had called her grandson, who gave her computer one look and declared, “You definitely have a virus.” Now he banged indiscriminately at the keyboard, surely too fast to be really typing, the screen black and full of tiny white text.
 
“Do you think you can fix it?” she ventured.
 
“Oh, yeah. Of course.” He snorted. “This is kid shit.”
 
“*Barney.*”
 
“Sorry. I just mean a good coder wouldn’t have built this many backdoors in, let alone left them wide open.” He tapped the enter key and Mrs. B’s familiar desktop screen bloomed to life. “Easy peasy.”
 
“How did you do that?”
 
“It’s not as complicated as you think, Nana. To be honest…” Barney scratched the back of his head and smirked. “That bug seems like something a fifth grade nerd would whip up. Not even internet trolls are this basic.”
 
Mrs. B nodded like she understood. There was no point asking what he meant. She was happy to let computers remain an eternal mystery. “Is it gone now?”
 
“I’m pretty sure. I deleted the program and I couldn’t find any, uh…” He paused, like he was thinking of the best layman’s definition. “Sometimes good hackers will leave themselves a trail of breadcrumbs to find their way back to your computer through the internet. This guy didn’t know how to do it. It almost seems like something a smart--but, like, not *that* smart--of a fifth grader would make.”
 
“Oh, that’s good?” When Barney nodded, Mrs. B took a deep breath and shook her shoulders to release her tension. “Then it’s gone? The bug?”
 
“I don’t know if I’d call it a bug--”
 
“You did call it that.”
 
“Well, yeah, but not like a *bug* bug. Not like a glitch.” Barney rose from the chair with a heavy yawn and stretched. He did not seem accustomed to facing the world at 8AM. “Whatever you want to call it, it’s gone now. Forever. I deleted it.”
 
Mrs. B broke into a relieved smile. She had anticipated losing her whole day to some hacker and trying to explain what hackers are to the children when she didn't fully understand herself. Who knew it would only take five minutes to fix? Maybe her grandson was a genius after all.

(Thanks for reading. My tech skills are on par with Mrs. B's and I hope it's not obvious...)