"Well," said the squat man in the tweed suit, gesticulating down the gorgeous main street with his cane, "this all came about when we finally figured out how to knit carbon nanotube structural frames with neo-plastene polymers for the exterior. All made from recycled plastics, of course."

"Mmm." I nodded, my attention caught by the writhing mass of couples copulating in an annoyingly beautiful way in the verdant park just off the main road. "And what's going on over there?"

"Oh, that's just the Sexening." Smiled my guide, tugging the brim of his hat as though bidding good day to the orgy. "32 couples a day gather in the shade of the cherry blossoms and cast aside their inhibitions in a single, glorious, sexual union."

"Mmm." I repeated, still - admittedly - a bit distracted. "So what's the deal with the 32 couples, eh? Picked by a supercomputer based on their genetics? Or a state lottery, no doubt secretly rigged by a resurrected Hitler?"

My guide, for the first time, looked perturbed.

"Er, no." He replied. "They just head down to the park and start having sex. No discrimination. No choosiness. Everyone is free to love whom they wish."

"Aha!" I cracked. "But I bet the fact that there's 32 people at it is significant! Satanic numerology, mayhap? A signal to an alien mothership that now is its time to reap the harv-"

"WE limit it to 32," he interjected, "because the combined research of sociologists, ethical behaviouralists, sports scientists and sexual psychologists calculated that that was the *precise* number of sexual partners a human being could have before feeling either bored or greedy."

"Oh." I mused, still watching. "Oh."

"But of course, monogamy and nuclear family units are still very much alive, as well."

"They don't live in a separate community, do they? Out reavening for scraps on a blasted wasteland?"

"Nope." He smiled, tapping his cane into the ground. He was beginning to get smug about this. Then, I realised I had an ace up my sleeve...

"Ahaaaa!" I began, waggling my finger. "Then you MUST have banned or eradicated organised religion! There's no way that any of the three Abrahamic religions would tolerate such public displays of sexual liberation! What would your priests, rabbis and mullahs say to..." - I waved my hand at the undulating, moaning throng - "well, that?"

"Oh, they don't mind. Not since we set up the Sex Fund."

"Ahh! A tax on procreation, leaving childbearing open only to the super-rich!"

"Nope. A voluntary donation which religious groups can ask of participants in the Sexening once it's all over. Turns out, people are more than happy to part with their money when they're in the afterglow of huge mutual orgasm. Look, there's a few of them waiting, now."

He pointed at a bank of trees with his cane. In their shade was a handful of elderly men in cassocks, each clutching a large alms bowl and crouching into a starting position, eager to burst into a run once the gasping subsided.

"But surely they daren't take money from the hands of those who indulge in sin??"

"Worked in the Middle Ages. Besides, thanks to the money they've raised, the Roman Catholics were able to have Vatican City chromed, while Jerusalem is now home to a brand new Temple AND not one, not two, but EIGHT Domes on the Rocks."

"Then how did they each get the land? And End Times type war, which saw the real righteous get lifted into heaven, while the rest of us..."

"They negotiated. Took about a week. Islam and Judaism still laugh about it. The Buddhists, being Buddhists, were too polite to say 'I told you so!'. It just sort of worked out."

I scanned the skyline for signs of corporate tyranny or cyberpunk dystopia. This was beginning to get disappointing. 