They know me. It's perfect. They knew I'd wake up and not believe. They wrote "believe" on the ceiling and "this is utopia" on the wall in front of me. I looked for someone to talk to, because I couldn't believe the words that I just read, "believe this is utopia." 
At my bedside, there was a woman. It was perfect. They knew I would listen and heed the words of a woman. She was pretty too. My guard was down. I already had my words ready "It's not true, I won't believe it." But her eyes were blue. They know me! I kept silent. My unwillingness to believe slowly started to be surpassed by fear. I didn't know what to say or how to act in front of her. 
I became introspective. Do I look okay? My hair is probably all messed up. I should probably keep the blankets over me. I smiled at her. 

She smiled back. 

Is this utopia? I thought to myself. 

"Yes" she said. 

Did she just read my mind? 

"Yes" she said. 

How do I get out of here, I thought. 

"You don't want to" she said. 

Doesn't she realize I'm ignoring her? 

"You're obviously not"

Okay, I'm stuck in a utopia I don't believe, and I can't even have privacy because this woman hears even my thoughts! 

"Are you afraid? "

That was my ah-ha moment. I'll argue my way out of their imposed utopia. "You say this is 'yoootopia'" I said condescendingly. 

"So you're finally speaking, " she said. 

"What difference does it make to you! ?" I yelled in frustration. 

"When you speak I can hear your voice in my ears, but ..."

"Nevermind! That's not the point I was trying to make! Is this utopia or not!?"

"Yes it is"

"Well, apparently it isn't, because I wouldn't feel so helpless and frustrated and scared if it was, wouldn't I!?" I said still in my raised voice, yet feeling a small smugness within me. 

"That's why I'm here for you. "


They know me. I was caught off guard again. I thought a perfect world was one without sadness, anger, fear, and tears. But I woke up today into a world still divided, still torn, yet found myself with a heart mended, crying in the arms of someone who mysteriously knew me, loved me, cared for me, and changed that most stubborn part of me, what I believe. 
