The cell door slammed open, light slanting in lazy rays through the bars.
I studied the guard carefully as he treaded into the darkness of my abode. He couldn't so much as discern my form in lighting this low, but I could see him clearly. An amused chuckle broke from my lips as the guard cautiously called for me. 

I slowly stepped into the dull circle of light, dust motes swirling around me. Don't ask me why I even landed up in here. I suppose after a few thousand years I needed something else to interest me. 

You see, I'm quite unique. It's not often I tell this to people, so make a point of listening. I was born a little over a thousand years ago, and over the years I still have not ascertained the origins of my... curse. You mortals may see immortality as the greatest blessing, but in truth it is the polar opposite. Living forever begins to drain one after a few hundred years. The people you meet and the bonds you form are so brief as they wither away while you persist. It's fairly depressing, I'll have you know.

That's why I found a new hobby. Killing. I'm not a man sparse of justice - I only target criminals. Over the centuries as human weaponry has evolved, my love of slaughter has grown exponentially. It also becomes quite the laughing matter when your victims try resist. My favorite cases are those that lose all trigger control. Every time my body is shredded by hails of bullets, knives, and all manners of weapons I relish in seeing the shocked face of my assailant as I regenerate effortlessly. The last thing they hear his my arrogant laughter...

Enough about me though, back to the matter at hand. 

I followed the guard to the Warden's office, where I was informed of my incoming execution. Electric chair. How tacky. A snort escaped my nose and the Warden stared at me with an expression of profound disbelief. I guess that's not how they expect death row inmates to respond. I was promptly escorted back to my cell, the heavy steel grid sliding down to mark my solitude. Unbeknownst to them I could tear that gate to shreds and rampage through the prison without even breaking a sweat. This time though I was out for a different experience.

Remember when I told you immortality was a curse? I've been searching for a long time to find a way to break that curse. I've tried dying thousands of times, only to find that the grave cannot hold me over and over again. This was yet another attempt to finally end myself, and one which was destined to fail. I can never escape. I'm doomed to an eternity wandering the earth and taking the souls of the wicked.

I was escorted to the cramped room with a single grim looking apparatus in the center. I did not resist as I was strapped down. The current coursed through my nerves, torching my internal organs. Maniacal laughter burst from my mouth as I burned alive. This was one of the most exciting deaths I'd experienced. As quickly as it began it was over, and the cleanup crew came to remove my disintegrated body. 

You should have seen the looks on their faces as my sinews began to sow together and flesh sprouted from my blackened "corpse". Their ashen faces made a wide smile stretch in a sinister manner across my visage. 

The thing is, although I don't usually kill innocents, I enjoy it occasionally. These two fools simply happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. I tore both of them to bloody tatters while the petrified execution team watched on through the protective glass. A simple flick was enough to shatter the bulletproof barrier into thousands of razor shards, eviscerating the remnants of my supposed executors.

The CCTV footage clearly alerted the guards, as forty of them stood wait as I tore the padded titanium door clean off its hinges. I enjoyed the feeling of my body being ripped apart by hundreds of 9mm bullets, my flesh tearing to pieces. I let them have their moment of relief as they cautiously stalked over to me, a rookie unloading a few more clips into my side. I would have played dead for a little longer just to see the undertaker's expression, but the hushed whisper of: "I think we killed that fucking monster" just cracked me up. I couldn't contain my laughter as they panicked, realizing I was still much alive and their ammunition was depleted. My body quickly returned to normal as bullets were exhumed from my flesh and my skin sewed itself flawlessly shut.

I closed my eyes and listened to the music of screams. This was indeed the most fun I've had in ages.