When you think of ghosts, straight away your mind thinks of the entities that they show in movies. The ones floating in the air, devoid of vibrant colour and unable to touch or talk to anything or anyone that’s alive. Sometimes, I close my eyes and wish that it was like that. It would definitely make things easier. 

I didn’t start seeing ghosts until I was ten. They used to terrify me. You see, the biggest difference between them and us is their eyes. Ghosts don’t get the privilege of keeping their human eyes when they die. As soon as they cross the border from earth to the after-life, their eyes dissolve into a bright, threatening red colour. One night, one came too close and I ran into my father’s room, crying about the “people with scary eyes”. 

Dad made me promise to keep my gift a secret after that night. That’s what he called it; a gift. He told me that I’m something called a ‘Glower’. Glowers are people who can experience both sides of life: the present life and the afterlife. He explained that people can become Glowers if they have a near death experience. Dad explained he became a Glower when he had that car accident ten years ago. Mum was in the car with him, and I was still in her belly. He told me everyone was surprised when I came out alive due to the trauma Mum suffered from the accident. He told me that he suspected I may have been born a Glower,  but was hoping I may have surpassed as it is almost unheard of.

“Chloe, listen to me carefully. Whatever you do, don’t let them know you can see or hear them. It’s dangerous. Ghosts have red eyes because they are angry. Most people aren’t ready to die. The ghosts we see are the ones who refuse to pass on. They want to cling to our present life, and by them doing that, it drains people like us. We can sense them, and their anger is exhausting. If they found a Glower, they’d kill them by sucking the life out of them. Stay safe and don’t let them find you.”

So, I learned about the unfairness of death and the violence of ghosts at the mere age of ten. When Dad died, I had to learn how to deal with my gift immediately. I didn’t have him around to help me anymore, so I had to train myself to ignore them. I had always hoped to see Dad, but I never did. I guess he passed on. 

I’ve stayed safe so far, but not without lack of effort. When I’m around too many ghosts, I can sense their anger all around me. It physically drains my body and makes me unbelievably tired. When I met Tim, I was five years in comfortable isolation. I was lonely; but I was safe. He had moved in next door and made himself known immediately. I preferred the quiet sanctuary of my house and tried to avoid him, but he snuck his way to my heart. He ended up being perfect for me: he preferred quiet nights in instead of dinner dates in the city. He always took care of me when I was too tired. He loved to cook, and his soup was the perfect antidote to a long and stressful day. I loved him more than anything - he was my rock to fall back on when things got too hard. You see, I never told him about being a Glower. I didn’t have to - he was the perfect husband. From the day we met to the day he died in his car accident, he was the perfect man. 

That day I saw him, all my hard work of blocking nearly went out the window. I was at work grabbing a coffee from the break room when I felt him appear. I turned around as soon as I saw him manifesting. His eyes were that sickening bright red colour I was all too familiar with, but his hair still parted in the same way. His lips looked just as soft as they did that day I kissed him goodbye for the last time. My heart burst when I saw him and it took everything in me to not run towards him. I heard him audibly gasp. He called out to me:

“Chloe? Oh God. Chloe. Please tell me you can hear me. I need you. I miss you so much. Why am I here?”

My eyes welled up with tears. I had my back faced away from him. I tried to concentrate on filling up my mug with coffee. My hands were shaking. I took deep breaths, trying not to cry or draw attention to myself. I felt him walk up behind me. 

“Chloe, I don’t know why I’m here. I know I’m dead, but why am I here? I wasn’t here before. I’m so confused. Please look at me.”

His presence felt different to all the other ghosts. I didn’t feel any anger pouring out of him like I did with the others. I didn’t feel tired, anxious or the beginnings of a drainage like I usually did. I stopped shaking and I suddenly felt something I hadn’t felt in three years since his passing: peace. Then I realised what he had said: “I wasn’t here before.” What does that mean? 

I contemplated for a second when suddenly I was hit with this overwhelming need to look him in the eyes. It goes against every rule I’ve been taught and every rule I’ve been following for the last twenty years. I realised in that moment I’d be willing to let every ghost in existence on this earth drain me to death in every excruciating way humanely possible if it meant I’d get to look at my husband one last time and feel close to him again. I took a deep breath and slowly turned around.

“Tim?” 

As soon as I met his gaze, his eyes slowly faded back to its familiar, soft ocean blue colour. 
