“I have seen…” I paused for effect. “…everything.” I looked around but the pronouncement hadn’t made the stir I had hoped it might. “I’m not kidding, I mean literally *everything*!” 

Again there was no reaction from the group and eventually the nurse stood and gently helped me back down into my seat. She had soft hands, it reminded me of a girl I had known in Fujian Province several centuries ago, but she didn’t give me the chance to tell her that and as soon as I was seated she turned away. 

That was the problem with the young these days, they were in such a damn hurry to do and see stuff that they didn’t realise the value of just *listening* for a while. All I wanted was to tell them the things that I had seen over the course of my life, but they just wanted to hurry past and get on with their own lives. 

The nurse had turned and faced the next person in the circle, Major Forsyth. He was an old wind bag and if I had the leg strength I would have walked away, but instead I was forced to sit and listen. “Major, would you like to tell us something from your past now?” 

The idiot had barely been alive a century, his stories all dribbled out in one war or another and I could hardly bare to stay and listen to another of them. With great effort I heaved myself back to my feet. “Look, girl, I’ve lived a hundred times longer than this… this old fool and seen things that would make his eyeballs pop right out of his head!” 

The nurse was at my side again, trying to make me sit back down. “Mr Smith, during conversation time we all get a chance to speak and then we listen to others, it’s only polite.” 

I shook her off, surprising her. “Bah, some people aren’t worth listening to.” 

She opened her mouth to protest, but across the room someone was waving and they caught her eye and a moment later she waved back. “Alright Mr Smith, it looks like you have some visitors, perhaps I can help you across to the seating area instead.” 

It was hard to see who it was through these old reumy eyes, but I nodded anyway. Recently some of my descendants had been taking the time to come and see me and it was nice to see how the blood line had passed on. She helped me across and again I noticed the soft hands, but before I could recall why they had been important I was sitting and three faces were smiling at me, two adults and a child. 

The young girl looked smart, well dressed, although the clothes were so changed from my own youth. The other two were much the same, but I suppose that smart fashion skirts and suits had been more or less the same for hundreds of years anyway. “I suppose you’ve come to check out your old ancestor, eh?” 

The mother nudged the girl who spoke shyly so that her mother had to repeat it. “Alicia has a project on the past for School, she was wondering if you could perhaps tell her a few of your stories?” 

A warm glow began somewhere inside, it was nice that someone wanted to take the time to learn about the old days. Not enough people wanted that these days. I thought back and began way back at the beginning. “You see young lady, when I was a boy, all this was very different…” 

***** 

I waited until he was speaking happily and then stood and moved back to the nurse’s station where the Head Nurse was waiting for me. “How has he been?”

She shook her head. “He’s becoming more disruptive, if we can’t find a way to control him a little better we’ll need to consider upping his medication.” 

I tried to think what to say, but I had no frame of reference for any of this. “if that’s what you think, it just seems…” 

She reached out and put her hand on my arm softly and smiled. “It’s going to be okay Sir, your father’s alzheimer's is progressing, but we can manage it here as best as it can be managed anywhere. 

I looked back to where my wife and daughter listened to his stories of his youth. “At least he still has his memories.” 

The nurse nodded “For now. For now.” 


