“Damn you, Olympia!” I cursed, trying to hold back a smile. I pretended to make an effort to get away from the police. “I will escape and you will be the one dragged away in chains next time!”
Olympia pushed her beautiful strands of blonde hair behind her ear, then smiled, showing a mouth of perfect white teeth. As the reporters gathered around her, she proclaimed, “I guarantee you, that day will never come! For as long as I, Olympia, fight for truth and righteousness!” She stood triumphantly, looking on for the cameras.
I’m not a man who believes in perfection, but if I had to have a definition, I’d just say ‘Olympia’. Her over-dramatization always has a way of making me feel again. 
My name is Bernie, by the way. But you might know me better as Stratagem! Smartest man to have ever graced this earth! I’ve been smart my whole life, but once my sister was killed, my feelings seemed to have slipped away.
I set my mind on bigger and better things after that day. I promised I would usher in a new age for earth, one led by my superior intellect. I almost had it too, all the so-called heroes cowering once I eliminated Omega Oracle. I had everything I wanted, yet I was still apathetic.
That all changed once Olympia challenged me. I still remember the first time I saw her. Clad in an ancient Greek toga, blonde hair flowing, and a helmet concealing all but her lower face. A golden aura surrounded her as if she was a goddess. I finally felt a stirring of my heart.
She wasn’t actually all that strong, in my mech-suit I could’ve easily finished her off. It’s just that her bravery and determination, as well as my loneliness, made its way into my heart. I couldn’t kill her, after she had proven herself to me in this way. Needless to say, after a fight in which I finally decided to let her win, I was thrown in jail.
Ever since that day, I made a new promise, to make Olympia happy, no matter the cost! Every single one of our encounters since then, I’ve pulled my punches, made my games slightly easier for her, all in the hopes of letting her finish me, each and every time.
As the cops threw me into the back of the car, and the doors were finally shut in on me, I finally released a smile. Man, what a girl!
I looked around me, already formulating an escape plan. It was easy, these people have no clue that I actually hold back for Olympia. 
THUD. Something landed on the top of the car. “An odd turn of events,” I mused, as a fist ripped through the steel of the car, followed shortly after by a familiar masked face. “Stratagem?” he asked cautiously.
“Jailbreak,” I replied, letting my annoyance seep into my words. “Can’t you see that I’m in the middle of being arrested?”
“Listen, we’re gonna getchya out of here, my man. I’ve assembled a team!” Jailbreak said excitedly. “We’re gonna kill Olympia!”
My heart stopped beating for a fraction of a second. “You’re going to do what?!”
“Kill her! Ya know? Raindrop and Aussie Max should already be winning by now,” Jailbreak said.
“Get me out of here, right now! And give me your phone!” I yelled with a gaze that meant murder.
After considering his options, Jailbreak pulled out his phone, handed it to me, and confusingly said, “Alright man, I guess. Did you want to finish her off yourself then, or wha- GHHHK!”
I instantly delivered 10,000 volts to his brain, already having reassembled the phone into a crude weapon, drawing electricity from the air around us. I stormed out of the car, to find a scene of chaos.
Most of the reporters had fled already, with a couple stragglers still running about, attempting to document the fight. Aussie Max and Raindrop had sent Olympia into the ground, her Greek weapons scattered about the area.
“That was much simpler than I thought it would be, eh Max?” Raindrop proclaimed, moving towards her broken body.
“Right! That Stratagem always made her look good!” Max replied, picking up one of his razor-a-rangs. “You wanna have the final blow, love?”
“You’re so considerate, my love!” Raindrop said as she kneeled by Olympia, formulating an ice spear in her open hand.
“STOP!” I cried out. Both villains looked at me. “She’s my nemesis, I want her blood!”
Raindrop and Aussie Max looked at each other. “I suppose that’s only fa- GHHHK!” Raindrop cried out.
“Ay, what are ya doin- GHHHK!” Aussie Max replied shortly afterwards.
I tossed the garbage contraption to the side, and rushed to Olympia’s side, kneeling and delicately raised her head.
She coughed out, blood dripping down her face, “I… suppose you wanted… to kill me… huh?” She coughed out more blood as she finished.
I softly replied, “It’s okay, I’ll keep you safe.”
Confusion spread across her face. “But… you’re…” and with that, she passed out.
Knowing I had to do something, I looked around. Encircling me were the few reporters that had failed to escape, mouths agape, taking photos.
A crimson blush rose to my face as an ambulance finally arrived on scene. I allowed the paramedics to take Olympia off, followed shortly after by an onslaught of questions from the reporters.
“Stratagem, you just saved Olympia’s life, why?”
“We just witnessed you betray your fellow villains, what were you thinking?”
“How was Olympia defeated so simply by these amateur villains, while you couldn’t even come close?” 
I simply sat down and waited for the police to arrive. I only hope that Olympia is okay.

I sat unmoving in my cell. Three months have passed since Olympia was nearly killed. Every day since then, she had been in a coma, her body struggling to stay alive. That is, until one week ago.
I nervously twiddled my fingers. Rumor has it that Olympia is recovering very quickly. She might come talk to me. She always had every other time she beat me.
I smiled, thinking about the memories. She would attempt to learn about me in these talks. She would ask about my family, my real name, my motivations. Of course, I, playing the cold-hearted villain, would never answer her questions with a direct answer. I always looked forward to our talks. They were fun!
Officer Cooper walked up to my cell gate. “Visitor, for Stratagem. Place your hands on you head, and face the wall!”
I sighed, a knot forming in my stomach as performing as instructed. The gate opened, and footsteps sounded off behind me. 
“Hey, Stratagem,” a familiar voice said.
My heart beat a million miles a minute as I turned around. Olympia stood in front of me, much skinnier, with a somewhat gaunt look on her pretty face.
“Hello,” I responded. “You look… tired.”
She laughed, triumphantly stating, “Justice knows not, the meaning of tired!” 
I laughed back, it was good to see her so happy, especially after the last I saw if her. “How are you feeling, then?”
“Oh, I’m feeling better, doctor said I have to wait a little before I get back into action.”
“You’ll be out there in no time.”
“Undoubtedly!”
An awkward silence fell between us. I broke our gaze, looking outside the cell walls.
“You know, this is the longest that you’ve stayed in here without breaking out,” Olympia finally said.
“Oh, is it?” I replied, knowing full well that she was right. “I hadn’t noticed…”
“Mhmm,” she said. “People are saying… it might have something to do with this.” She blushed, and pulled out a newspaper from her bag, and slapped it on the table.
On the cover was a picture of me, cradling Olympia’s head in my arms, titled FORBIDDEN SUPER LOVE?! NOTORIOUS VILLAIN STRATAGEM SAVES OLYMPIA! 
I blushed upon reading the article. “Well, you know the press. Always dramatizing things that weren’t meant to be,” I replied.
“Well, I do want to thank you for saving me, even if you did murder others while doing it,” Olympia said as she got up. “I’m won’t be able to keep you from escaping for the next few months, so please don’t try it.”
An idea sparked. “Only on one condition,” I replied, heart rushing.
Olympia raised an eyebrow. “Name it!”
“Maybe if you checked up on me every couple days or so, I’d be less likely to leave,” I stated, looking up into her eyes.
Olympia smiled. “We’ll see,” she smirked. To my surprise, she leaned over and kissed me on the forehead!
As I blushed uncontrollably, she walked out. “Thanks again!” I heard her say.
I grinned. “Your welcome, Olympia!”
