Lonex stared out his window at the blue orb that not so long ago dotted the skies of his planet. Without turning, he delivered commands in an effort to fulfill the prophecy.

“Zoltor, establish a data link to this so-called planet, so we may observe their weaponry before total annihilation. Maybe we can learn something from these planetary scum.”

The worker drone nodded, capped off with a half bow, and darted off to the far corners of the ship to carry out his orders.

“Let’s see what you’re made of,” Lonex whispered to himself as he edged closer to the window of his planetary ship.

“Data link confirmed” a robotic voice echoed throughout the bay, signaling Lonex to flick on his monitors and observe, for the first time, his most hated enemy.

The screen displayed that of the human form, as he'd read about so long ago, although more akin to look like that of a sunburned apricot than the pale complexion of yesteryear. With the audio level adjusted at full capacity, the figure sporting a decorative noose spoke.

"We had finished dinner, we were now having dessert, and we had the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you've ever seen…”

“Cake?” Lonex slowly pronounced, as he often did with human words he’d heard for the first time. “Beautiful…cake.”

“Sir, the blasters are prepared to annihilate on your command.”

Lonex stared at the monitor, trying to make sense of the orange-hued beast presented on his screen.

“Beautiful…cake.”

“This planet,” Lonex said, turning to his cohorts, “has beauty, and it is called cake.”

“Cake” his staff of drones and fellow kinsmen repeated. “Cake.”

“Yes, beautiful cake. And these humans, they set aside all grievances with their fellow creature and celebrate their planet with cake.”

“It’s…” Lonex’s voice trailed off as he stared back out the window at planet earth. “Adorable.”

Silence emanated throughout the cabin, and drone soldier alike plotted the best possibly way to ask the pending question. Finally, Pontor, the brother of Lonex, stepped forward and had his voice heard.

“But sir, brother, we have spoken for centuries about defeating these creatures. We have studied their ways and watched their technology advance, sat back and waited as they battled among themselves falsely hoping they would complete the job for us, and now, as we are on the verge of ending them for good, you find feelings in your heart for these scum?”

Lonex glared at his brother. “Can we not learn from them?”

Pontor, unaware of how to respond, merely let the question hang above the room.

“We will learn from them, take their form and live amongst them. That will be our invasion. A peaceful exploration for the betterment of all kind.”

“If that is your wish, brother,” Pontor said, bowing in acceptance of his brother, the ruler’s, final decision.

“Zoltor, alter the feed and see if you can find another program in which we can monitor.”

Within seconds the screen shifted to the view of a sprawling estate basking in the sun from what was obviously an earthly angle. The monitor displayed three specimens of the female portion of the species sitting on a large, white, soft command center. The unseen voice announced, “On the last episode, of Keeping Up with the Kardashians.”

“Sir, if I may,” spoke Pontor, “but I feel the urge more now than ever to obliterate this planet.”

Lonex nodded. “I understand. I too find it hard to resist the urge. But,” he continued, “I now see that while I find these beings to be precious, it is now more obvious than ever that they choose to torture themselves by way of these broadcasts.”

Lonex sighed and stared longingly out the window at earth.

“And while our weapons and our race may bring them to their knees, we have nothing in our arsenal that can match this.”

He glanced back at the monitor to find a man dressed as a woman posing into the camera.

“Nothing at all.” 
