I get the feeling that history will never really know what happened here. Crazy, drunken, loud-mouth Noah is already bragging around town that the shear size of his boat will be remembered for all time. He's got this wild idea about packing a bunch of animals into it and sailing all the way to Mesopotamia to start a zoo once the Celestial Ocean falls. Maybe if he finally gets his fifteen minutes of fame, he'll be happy. 

The rest of us, though, we're just trying to figure out the best kind of boat to handle what's coming. There have been many late night fireside discussions about what kind of craft will be best. Even though we're pretty far from the coast, some of the elders used to be sailors and fishermen. Listening to them argue is equal parts fascinating and terrifying. 

You see, the Celestial Ocean has been in the sky for years before I was born. I'm just a kid. I've never known life without it. A few months ago, drops of it started falling. The old people called it rain. They celebrated the ease it would bring in growing our crops. It gradually started falling in larger amounts. First it was as if someone had spat on you, but it was icy cold. Then it was as if someone had filled their hands to sling it. Then it was as if someone had dumped a bucket! As time goes on, it's beginning to get dangerous. An amount that must have been dozens of barrelfuls struck Matthias in his field and killed him dead. Washed his crops away too. It's starting to fall more frequently, in larger and larger amounts, as if whatever's containing it up there is wearing out.

Some people think climbing a tree to avoid the flood will be enough. One only needs to look around at the Earth to realize our town is in a basin, surrounded by mountains. The water won't drain quickly and, even if it did, Matthias' garden was destroyed under the smallest fraction of the fallen ocean. What kind of idiot thinks there will still be trees in the ground when we get flooded for real!

Some people have carved canoes but they're not very big. The trees around here are scrubby and twisted. There's barely room for a person, not so much room for food and water. After listening to the old sailors talk about what waves can do to a proper seagoing vessel, I don't have much faith in any of the boats I see being built. I had briefly entertained concealing myself in a barrel. It would seem to solve the problem of capsizing as the ocean falls but it still leaves the problem of having enough supplies on hand until the current delivers us to a landing spot. 

I've finally come to the conclusion that boats are not the solution. Tomorrow I'm gathering my few meager possessions, putting a lead around the neck of my goat, and walking out of here. I have no family to worry about me, nor I for them. I will walk until I can no longer see the ocean in the sky. May the gods help those who are too stubborn to leave their land. 