It was a kill shot. Warren had to give them that. The way the blade had thrust in and up to the point, the serrated edge had nicked the lower rib bone. His hands gripped the man's blue sleeve, but there was little follow through to stop the attack. His mind was distracted. It was a mind drunk on the aroma of endorphins that burned in his mind. A soft gray haze hovered on the periphery of his vision and threatened to conceal the man in blue who had stabbed him. Every step took moments to accomplish. Why did he step backward? He needed to push forward and carry the attack against that unshaven smirk that leered at him. The way those dull brown eyes of his attacker lit up as the blade entered. Warren could not recall what may have tripped him. A towel on the floor, the push of a hand. He felt himself falling and he decided to ride the sensation right until a cold dull ache worked his way up his bottom. He thought he heard laughter. With his clouded vision he could see a figure shake some limb, he guessed the head. He heard a voice, but it sounded too distant to make out the speaker. Warren strained to hear what the voice had to say.

"I doubt this guy is going to make much of a video for the collection. He looked more surprised than terrified." It was a man's voice.

A second voice spoke. A rasping laugh that echoed in Warren's mind. With the voice came strength, with each breath Warren took the world became clearer again.

"No... no... no Warren." The rasping voice laughed, "You're not nearly paid your debt to me!"

"I paid... I paid plenty." Warren heard himself say. He must have said it aloud as he heard the clink of metal. The dull thump of a boot on the carpet.

"What the hell did you just say?" It was a mortal voice.

"You could have brought me a hundred easy, Warren. You're the one who wants to act like you have some cause. Like your doing the world a favor."

The world was clear and Warren's eyes were open. His brain flooded with reminders of the debt he incurred for such a little thing. For the souls he had planned to pay. For why he was here, and why he was laid out with blood caked on a white tile floor. One hand grabbed the sink to hoist him up while the other drew the knife from the sheath that his guts made. He spat to the side at the itch he felt as his body knit itself together. He could not see who he owed, but he could see whose soul was going to pay. Warren tilted his head as he looked at his latest victim.

&#x200B;

"I told you when we spoke in the lobby, I could not die." Warren shook his head, "I saw you giggle at me, maybe you thought I was going to be good sport for..." Warren waved the knife in the air, "Whatever this hotel is." He stepped into the bedroom, knife at his side, the silver stained with his blood. "Oh, don't worry... Earl... or... Pyke. Whatever your name is. I am going to give you the gift I've yet to receive, but first I'm going to make you beg-" Warren's soon to be victim, his would-be killer ran from the room. Warren snarled and said, "Hell... alright, if I have to chase you." He began to whistle as he walked. His whistled punctuated when he stepped on the roaches in the carpets.