  

Thirty minutes to the presentation. Just enough time for a smoke and to get to Jacksons office. After I close this deal, I think I’ll take Jessica to the Islands for a week. Better than blowing the bonus like last time. 

The elevator made some screech, worse than when that cat got bit under the old house porch. Lights out. Not a sound. Worse, no movement. I confidently pulled my Nokia from my pocket. Call Jackson, no call the building elevator guy. I guess call my office. Zero Bars. I paid $500 for zero bars in the middle of the greatest city on earth. Thoughts filled my head. A missed presentation, missed bonus, missed week of Jessica on my beach. Then thoughts of home and Emily. I won’t think about the Ex here. Enough problems. 

A light comes on. Five bars on the Nokia. I was dialing Jacksons office as the elevator started moving. “What do you mean Jacksons not in?” Two hours late and he’s ditching my calls. I ran across the lobby and yelled at Winston the door man to get me a cab. The idiot was staring at a glowing game thing in his hand. “Snap Snap – back to work. Where’s Winston and my cab”? I guess Winston took the afternoon off. 

I ran outside and jumped in a cab. “World Trade Center – Fast and I double your tip” as I lit my cigarette. 

“Sir… are you OK? We can’t do that…?” 

“I’ll smoke where I want you idiot – wait – what time is it? Crap – get me to 1 West 72nd – Fast”.

15 minutes later I still can’t get anyone to find Jackson. My own office won’t take my calls. They must be pissed I blew the presentation. The Cabby pulled over “twenty-seven fifty sir”. F-ing scam artist hates smokers. I tossed a ten at him “keep the change” and went inside. 

Elevator to the 23rd floor. Something feels very wrong. Opening the lock, I’m shocked. Someone stole all my stuff. My couch. My TV. Well this crap is nice. Jessica – dumb – I didn’t give her my key to decorate. I’ll give her a call. No phone. What the hell was she thinking. My clothes are not in the closet. Filled with her stuff. This is no longer humorous. Time to get to Pete’s to grab a drink.

At Pete’s everyone’s playing that stupid game. None of the guys are here yet. Well no problem with a before dinner drink. And that blonde at the bar is giving me the eye. The day is picking up. Crap she looks familiar. Nope, no memories. And Jessica total f-ed up the apartment thing so fair game.

“I know we met before, was it at Friedman’s party last week?” I deadpanned without a clue. 

“Are you Emily’s husband?” 

“Ex-Husband” Crap this night just got worse again. 

“You’re Brian?” Tears formed in her eyes. 

What did I do to deserve this shit today “Yup – Brian Kenney” at your service”. Now to find a quick exit I scanned the crowd for any excuse. All staring at the stupid glow games in their hands. 

“You have a daughter, Susan?”

My attention was now on the blonde. She did look familiar. Too familiar.

“Dad, where have you been” came from my once five year old daughter.