I died so fast...
It was over in an instant, shot through the head from over a mile away. I never could have seen it coming. I've done my share of crime, and I'll be the first to admit that my life was overrun with hatred and fear. So I always knew I would go to hell... but I didn't think it'd be like this.

There is no fire and brimstone. There's just.. him. It's not as if he were alone in an empty room. There is absolutely nothing but him and his harmonica. I wasn't sure if I even existed with him. He didn't seem to notice me, even though I couldn't notice anything but him. The songs he played kept changing. First they'd begin, chaotic and malformed almost as if he had forgotten how to play. Slowly they would evolve, refine and swell into something that could only be described as beautiful. But then, undoubtedly, they would cease. I didn't feel time pass like I did when I was alive, it now seemed fickle. The only thing I knew was that each song lasted for a lifetime. 

Then I heard it begin. My song. I KNEW this song. I've heard it a thousand times in my dream. IT'S HERE. THIS IS MY LIFE. Every note played vibrated with my very existence. The sadness, the happiness, the fear, the joy, the anger, and every other emotion and thought was being poured out into this abyss. My very essence was being played for no one. That's when it dawned on me, that this truly was hell. Everything I'd worked so hard for, every trial I'd endured, and every person I'd loved. All my deeds and my will were to be lost into the infinite darkness. With nothing to witness me except for the devil himself, but just like the other songs, I too would be forgotten.

The song began to end. His lips grew weary and his breath became short. I was overwhelmed with grief. I knew what was going to happen, because I'd seen it happen before. Just before the dread of my own demise shattered what little will I had left, it appeared. A speck, the smallest speck of dust that I'd ever seen. Floating in this abyss there was the faintest memory of life.  The dust heard my song. The noise was picked up by this piece of... not nothing. To be heard by anything, even this speck brought upon immeasurable fulfillment. It was there, and it heard me. In that moment, there was nothing I felt more love for than a single shred of existence. I heard a voice from somewhere within my soul. A part of the song that I'd never known existed.

"Do you want to be heard?" It asked, but my voice was gone.
"Do you want to be seen?" It asked, but my body was gone.

I tried with all my will to answer, to plea, to beg. My song was ending so fast that I knew something must be done so I stopped trying to beg for my life and I begged for everything else. Let life exist. Stop the spiral of gluttony that the abyss seems to bring. Sate its hunger and save the next life for mine has all but been consumed. And in the moment when all hope had nearly been lost and my song reached its final notes, I noticed another speck. Then another appeared. They began to fill the nothingness, these specks of existence flourished and moved. They witnessed my song and began to dance around the man, multiplying and mixing, each with its own movements. The bloom did not stop until there was no abyss, and the warmth of existence comforted me once again. The man stopped playing my song, because now existence itself carried my voice. Now I understand that what I knew to be my life was only the beginning. Now I know what it means to cast away my pride. Now I too, will be a shred of existence, bearing witness to the songs of others so that we may forever weave the web of fate.