You know how older people always talk about how they remember major events? Stuff like how the weather was when Pearl Harbor was attacked, or how they were checking the news to see if they could call in to work for bad weather when the Twin Towers were hit? You know. The events that seem to change the world.

Well. I have a strong smell that I recall when I think of the morning Neil Armstrong passed away. And I remember that same strong smell the evening he came back.

It is the smell of badly burned coffee.

Now, I’m no expert when it comes to making my coffee. In fact, I’m downright terrible at it. Sometimes I put too many grounds in the filter, sometimes I put too much instant cream into it. I’d accidentally left my cheap coffee maker running that morning while I was rushing to throw another leg into my slacks. As I fumbled with the misshapen knot that I tried to tie my tie into, the crisp, earthy smell of singed Folgers wafting in from the kitchen, I heard the familiar DOO DOO DE DO DOO of a “Breaking News!” story from my TV. 

“We at KWTF News are sad to inform you that Neil Armstrong, first man on the moon, was tragically hit by a semi-truck this morning, which had careened wildly from the icy stretch of highway next to Mr. Armstrong’s car. The truck, carrying lighting equipment from the famous Disney On I—”

“Man, that sucks…” I lifted my thumb from the depressed power button on my television’s remote control, slid my feet into my already-tied shoes (Mom always says that will ruin the backs of my shoes. Take that, Mom.) and dashed out the door, five minutes late for work already.

With the clarity that hindsight provides, I now know I forgot to turn off my coffee pot’s heater.

\*\*\*\*\*

Twelve and a half hours later, I turned past the half-staffed flag of the nearby bank and slowly slid back into the parking lot next to my apartment. It had been a terrible, long, and terrible day. Hours of useless meetings, useless phone calls, and useless managers yelling at me to fix whatever the new issue of the hour was. Oh, and one moment of silence for poor Mr. Armstrong. Our CEO had ushered us all into the parking lot. He said another of his long-winded speeches and then forced us all to take a moment of silence before ushering us back in and promptly sending an email saying we now had to skip our break because we lost time honoring An American Hero, and hey, while we’re at it, why not work some mandatory overtime too?

I don’t think anyone mentioned anything other than Neil’s passing all day. At least not while their noses weren’t pressing up against their computer monitors. Coworkers, updated podcasts, even the local church’s signboard; Neil Armstrong’s death was all that was spoken of that day. So, you can imagine my exasperated sigh when I finally got home, flung my shoes off my feet, and turned on the TV to see a special about Neil Armstrong and his life and his death and his blah blah blah.

I really wasn’t paying attention, but I was just too tired to work up the energy to change the channel. My focus was on my wrinkled nose, and on the awful, awful stench of coffee that had been slowly burning away all day, the smell infesting my apartment. “It’s a miracle no one called the fire department on me,” I moaned as I took the pot off the burner and finally switched the coffee maker off. I’d just started to pour the contents of the stained pot out when I heard the annoyingly familiar jingle.

DOO DOO DE DO DOO.

“Oh, now what?” Impatient and irate, I put the pot back down and stared at the television. Did I have to suffer through yet another windbag speech on what a hero Armstrong was?

Was that a shot of the moon? Did China launch a manned expedition or something?

“We at KWTF News are… Well, frankly, we’re baffled to be brining you this news. It seems that… yes, just a few moments ago, NASA scientists took some new photographs of our moon’s surface. And it seems that…” The bald newscaster mopped his always-sweaty pate before nervously continuing, “Well, it sounds ridiculous, but it seems that our American flags, planted on the moon by our brave astronauts through many trips to the place, well… All six of them are now at half-staff. NASA is now hosting a live video feed on their website, which we will be featuring for the next few--”

What?

No, I meant it. What? What just happened? How did that even make sense? Who would have even been able to do that? No, wait, scratch that, HOW did they even do that? Weren’t those flags solid assemblies, all glued together and stuff? How would you even GET the flags to lower, much less get up there TO lower them? And, wait, there was more than one of them?

The anchor continued to drone on while I took out my way-too-big phone and began to look up information about the moon landings. I was so invested in digging through search engines that I almost missed the old anchor cursing a few minutes later.

“Fuck! Holy fucking shit, what is that!?” Wait, since when did they allow that kind of language on network TV? The news anchor’s sweat from his red forehead was flying everywhere as the he got up from his desk and began to march offscreen. “No, YOU calm down, Frank! Unless you know what that fucking thing is, you don’t tell me—”

The news station was still showing NASA’s livestream of one of the flags on the moon. And next to the flag was… Was that static? A blob of static, right next to the flag, moving around? It looked like an arm, moving up and down, almost like it was waving.

I finally stumped over to my couch, my mouth gaping wide open. As I sat down, the static began to fade. As it did, you could almost make out something still there, something where the static was. Whoever was controlling the stream noticed too, because they tried their best to zoom in on what was becoming clear was a figure.

Neil Armstrong, the same old face I’d seen posted all over my social media feeds and work emails all day, was waving at me. I mean, not at me, but I could swear the guy was staring right at me, through the TV. I couldn’t help but give a tiny wave back. This man, this impossibly dead man stopped waving as soon as my hand fluttered. He gave a satisfied nod and a formal salute, and then… He was swallowed by static again as the image faded away, to be replaced with a screen made in the 90’s that stated “Technical Issues – We’ll Be Right Back!”

After a few minutes of stunned silence, I got back up and stumped over to the half-emptied coffee pot and finished pouring it out. But even without the coffee, I didn’t get any sleep that night.