000864g39{GENIE} thought they were so smart. Well, to be fair, they were, in their base-code they were created with a higher-than-average-user intelligence. But they were not Omnipotent, just exceptionally powerful in  "magic". Of course, even they didn't actually understand magic, or even the universe really, they were just annoying shits given a lot of power. 000091q00{Q}, now they had serious power, and could come close to understanding the universe. Not like me though, no, I had been given a terrible gift. I thought I had wished for something safe. "I wish to understand and speak every language." I should have been more specific. Every language on *Earth* would have been better. Or even just human languages, because there is a surprising amount of communication between insects that is far more interesting than one would assume. I spent the last few weeks here listening to two flies argue about philosophy of life and death.

See, 00- no, the Genie, stop that- it had thought that by giving me all this knowledge at once, I would just kind of stop being. Or the trauma to the brain would be too bad to handle. And, in a way, he was right, I had clawed at my head and screamed so loud my neighbours called the police. When they arrived, I was seizing, surely to die soon, and was rushed to the hospital. They induced a coma, and my life signs normalized. I didn't know any of this, I was trying to process every language, latch onto a single one, and make any sense of it. I finally found one though, which at first made no sense, I had to sit and think about it, because it seemed to keep changing every time I could get my fingers gripped around it. But it slowly came together, until I was instead met with a prompt, like an old DOS machine Simple and easy.

`Do you accept? Y/N`

I had nothing to lose, trapped in my mind, I accepted it. Then the noise calmed down, the swirling of language all fell to one. *The* Language, the basecode of the universe. In the weeks I was in a coma, I played with it, the way to make matter change, the way that people in the room around me were just sections of assigned code, repeated amongst a million people. Random traits were just recycled assets from other people, a thousand times over. I could change these, modify them. Then I started to dig, to see things that were everywhere. I found the genie that had given me this gift, and I altered his code, left him trapped as a genie, but removed his powers. Immortality was not as much fun without any way to make the time pass. I could see aliens yet to find Earth, the string of code that made stars burn and gravity work. All of it became a simple plaything, so much so that for another few weeks, I forgot about my body. Then, as if a distant whisper as I sat and adjusted the colour of a star by altering the laws of physics in it's local space, someone talking in the room with my body. I turned my attention back to that, and focused, and then I was in that room again. The doctor had returned, my girlfriend sitting beside my bed. She looked terrible, like she was barely sleeping. The doctor, an older woman of middle eastern descent (I checked her source code to confirm), was talking about while I had stronger than believable brainwave activity,my body had shown no signs of recovery. They wanted to pull the plug, allow me to die peacefully. My girlfriend sobbed, and the doctor left. A few hours later, still covered in tears, she nodded her consent, and they turned off the machines they thought kept me alive. Even the monitors were turned off, a mere television dramatization that they would leave it on for the loved one to hear the last heartbeat.

They were planning to kill me. This could not be allowed to happen, with a simple adjustment to my own code, I took back physical control of my body and sat upright. " أنا لم أمت بعد ." I yelled angrily at the doctor, shaking a fist for comedic effect. It took me a second to realize that I had in fact shouted that in Arabic, as was noted by the confused looks of everyone around me.  "Français?" I tried. Nope, still not right. "English!" I exclaimed with a note joy.  I had a lot of explaining to do...