"Still nothing?" Breya asked. 

I shook my head, sitting up and causing the bed beneath me to squeak in protest. "Not a lick. Don't suppose you got any clues about who I was while you were out and about in town, did you?" 

"You know if I had, I'd have told you right away." She replied, swatting me playfully with the end of her towel. "You just rest up. I'm sure things will make more sense in a couple of days, when everything's settled down a bit." 

"You and I both know that's not how this works." I said, chuckling lightly. "Every bit of magic has a price. I'm just lucky I had the foresight to keep my name, if nothing else. Who knows what kind of mess I'd be in now, had I not." 

"Well, it couldn't be much worse than it is now, could it '*Lord Alexander*.'" It was Breaya's turn to laugh. "To think, I'd be housing royalty - and that they'd not have a copper to their name. Part of me wonders it this whole thing isn't just some elaborate scheme you thought up for a free meal or two. I've never heard of anyone named Andrews, let alone a royal. And believe you me, I'd know." 

"If it is a scheme, it's a good one. I don't know anyone named Andrews either!" I said. Breya grinned at me, her cheeks ruddy and warm in the lamplight. 

"Dinner will be on in a few, when the kids get home." She said. "I expect you washed up and hungry by the time the plates hit the table. Don't be late!" 

"I won't!" I promised. She turned and walked out of the room, humming gently. The moment that she was gone, however, a frown turned down the corners of my mouth. Who was I, really? Breya said that she found me just on the edge of town, curled up in a circle of charred grass amid the berry bushes she had been harvesting - but was that the truth? She *seemed* trustworthy enough. But then again, most did until you got to really know them. 

I nodded, mind made up. I would have to see for myself. As gently as I could, I stood - wincing as the charred skin on my chest and back strained beneath its bandages. At least that part of the story added up. If I *had* used enough magic to completely drain my mind of memory - and I still wasn't certain that I had - it would have left quite the mark on my body, just as it had my mind. Still, I couldn't be certain. 

Borrowing a heavy cloak from Breya's closet and thanking her silently for one last inconvenience, I tiptoed my way down the wooden stairs. Luckily, Breya had her back to me, still humming as she tended a pot on the fire. With a soft click, the door closed behind me, leaving me alone and friendless in an unfamiliar town. 

Luckily, the town itself was friendly enough. Two questions and a borrowed coin slipped into the palm of a trader was all it took to get me heading in the right direction. Soon, I found myself standing on a hill at the edge of a vast forest, bordered on one side by thick, berry-laden bushes. Gazing over the brown-green fields, part of me wondered if it all *had* indeed been a ruse, and none of it was real at all. Then, something on the far side of the field just behind another hillock caught the corner of my eye, and I gasped. 

It seemed that Breya's story was true enough - but she hadn't impressed on the the *scale* of what had happened. A circle of grass, nearly an acre across, was charred and brown. A number of large bushes appeared to have been caught in the blast, reduced to sooty, leafless skeletons of their former self. Even now, two days after I had supposedly been found, the entire hillside stank of ozone and spent magic. 

"I thought you might come here." Said a voice from right behind me, causing me to jump. 


"Breya!? How did you know I was here?" I asked, turning to the portly woman who had somehow snuck up behind me while I was awestruck. 

"Followed you, I did." She replied, frowning. You're just lucky I had to get the pot off the fire first, or else I would have stopped you right in the doorway. You didn't *really* think you could sneak out unheard right behind a single mother of two like that, did you?" 

I chuckled, feeling sheepish. "No, I suppose not." 

"Find everything you were looking for, I suppose?" She asked, raising an eyebrow. "You can see I wasn't lying. Not that I had any reason to lie in the first place, of course. What were you *thinking*, running off like that!" She swatted me with her towel, then swatted me once more for emphasis.

"Agh, sorry, I'm sorry!" I yelped, holding my bandaged ribs protectively. "I just had to know...if everything was true. For myself." 

Breya's expression softened, and she gingerly returned the towel to a pocket in her apron. "I...understand. If I'm being honest with myself, I'd probably have done the same." She looked up, a coy expression on her face. "You know...I've been wracking my brain all evening about what I can do to help, and I think I might have chanced upon a way for you to remember some about who you are. T'won't be easy, though." 

"What is it!" I exclaimed, taking the woman by the shoulders. "Breya, you have to let me know." 

"Well..." She started, "I was thinking...if magic got you into this mess, maybe...a bit of magic can get you out. I was quite the mageling when I was younger, you know. T'would be a simple thing, for me, to trade one memory for another." 

I let my hands drop, aghast. "Breya, I...I can't ask that of you. You've already been so kind, given up so much." 

"No, you can't." She replied, sighing. "You can't, but you can't stop me from giving it of my own free will, either. I think I've piled up quite enough old memories for one lifetime, and I think could do with getting rid of the old ones before I get cobwebs between my ears. Especially if it can truly help out someone in need." 


I bowed my head. "Thank you, Breya. I hope I can repay you one day." 

"Your gratitude is payment enough." She said, smiling. Then, she closed her eyes and softly began to chant. The words were indistinct, muddled, yet somehow comforting at the same time. No one used the same words for any spell - they were the language of the soul, for her and her alone. I closed my own eyes, feeling warmth spreading through my temples as her spell took effect. 

Suddenly, I was standing in a chapel rather than a field, stained glass glowing in a rainbow of colors in the light of the morning sun. Yells echoed through the chamber, shadows bearing torches around every window. I fell back, dropping onto the altar, and was shocked to find that it was sticky with warm blood. 

"Lord Alexander!" Yelled an orange-bearded man. "They're nearly here! We don't have any time, you have to leave!" 

"Not before I make sure my people are safe!" I called, not knowing why I said it. "Their safety comes first, and it is my duty as sovereign king to assure that everyone makes it out alive!" 

"To hell with duties, our own lives are at stake as well!" The man retorted angrily. "The people can rebuild, what will they do without their king? It would be anarchy! Your father knew that, that's why he sent you here *for safety*!"

"My father's dead!" I roared. "And a fat lot of good him sending me away has done!" I shook my head, cheeks burning. "Estamel, kings have *power*, power unknown to mortal men! If I can use that, get everyone in Atlas to safety-" 

"You can't! It would be suicide!" The man called Estamel growled back. "Leave now, through the back! It's our only chance!" 

"You leave! I'm staying!" I said. Immediately, I shut my eyes and began to speak, chanting words of power, safety, and destruction. 


"My lord! My lord, stop this!" Estamel pleaded. "Stop this madness!" 

There was a boom, and suddenly the voices from outside grew louder. "They've broken down the door! My king, Alexander! Alexander! Please, we have to go!" 

"No, we don't." I whispered. Brilliant orange light burned through my eyelids. I felt an enormous force take ahold of me, like an explosion had thrown me back, and then all was black.

I opened my eyes again, and was surprised to find myself lying flat on my back with Breya kneeling over me, tears in her eyes. "Oh, thank goodness you're awake! I thought...I thought the worst, that my magic had gone wrong..." She wiped her eyes on her sleeve, moving back so I could sit up.

"Your magic worked fine, Breya. I remember who I am...who I was. Tell me, have you ever heard of a city named Atlas?" 

Breya shook her head, a puzzled look on her face. "Atlas...that's just a myth. It was supposed to have been razed to the ground nearly two centuries ago, just after it's whole population mysteriously vanished like smoke. Why, does this have something to do with -" She gasped aloud. 

I nodded, grimly. "Atlas was my home, apparently. I was king. At least I know everyone got out safely. Now, I only have one final question:" 

"Where did I send them?" 