The sniper aimed her rifle with a tight grip. The cold wind whistled through her hair, making any aim difficult. She gazed at her rugged military radio on her satchel, waiting from the signal from the Canadian Officer. They had to act soon if they wanted to see a global empire under Canada. Until November 8th, the Canadian Dominion plan for a sudden global domination was  uninterrupted and unchallenged. The election of Donald Trump over the Canadian puppet, Hillary Clinton, was a disastrous turn of events. Trump's election ruined the Canadian plan of gaining access to the American nuclear arsenal, and with Republicans dominating all levels of the American government, it would not be long before the new president would discover the Canadian interference and echo it upon the globe. If that happened, the plan would fail and global resistance forces would shatter the Canadian Dominion. Even if the Joe Biden and the other spies in the unsuspecting Barack Obama's cabinet could hide all of the extensive Canadian connections before the Inauguration, which would happen in five days, the new American border control would make infiltration of the nuclear system nearly impossible. The Dominion had simply run out of time. BSSSH! The radio began to spit out static filled message. "Echo One, are you there? Ehco One, please respond". The woman used her free hand to pluck the radio off the pack. "Yes, yes, Echo One reporting in." "Alright Echo One," the voice in the radio crackled, "as soon as Eagle appears, greet him kindly". The order was set. The sniper re-positioned herself and took aim as Eagle walked to the the podium. After adjusting the scope one last time, Echo One swiftly placed the red dot on the 44th American President's head. Biden had a very small amount of time to give Canada full access to the nuclear arsenal, but there was simply no other option for the Canadians. They had to do this now. She pulled the trigger, and with a loud crack of the rifle, Barack Obama was dead. As screams filled the air, Echo One grabbed her pack and rifle and ran through the cold winter night to the extraction point.


