I look at the man and woman. I feel unsettled because they seemed to appear out of nowhere. 

It started as a joke, I'd adopt a homeless man instead of a kid. I wouldn't adopt a highway, an animal or a child. I knew I was never put together enough to do anything long term. I could buy a hobo alcohol though. I could keep a scruffy, smelly man in vodka. No one thought I would do it and it was just a joke for a long, long time. Then I gave a homeless man half of a half a shot of the whiskey I was drinking outside a club. He seemed happy. Everyone joked and laughed about how it wasn't a big deal. Two people hated me for ever doing that, but they also weren't doing anything to help anyone. 

My life is a joke. I watch my friends kids and have a low wage job because I can't keep shit together. I don't know how he found me, but that hobo I have that half of a half of a shot did. The only reason I knew that it was him was because he told me. I felt ashamed of what I had done without the warmth of alcohol to ease my judgement. 

So from then on I gave him a little something from a bottle every time I saw him. I kept shots of those little hotel size liquors with me for him. If I was out and about he alway seemed to find. One time I tried to give him water but somehow he knew I had beer.

He was pretty crazy, always talking about the government. How they were after him. How he drank to block him out. He had these blue glasses, some John Lennon shit. I usually was quiet when he got crazy. I'd listen because what else can you do? Sometimes you do things that aren't the best, but they also make a difference in someone's life.

Once I tried to get him to shower, he laughed at me. Once he got me away from muggers, I laughed with him. Once he fell after the full bottle of whiskey he chugged and I laughed at him. I feel like none of those were terrible but none were of a moral superiority people assign with the homeless. The muggers were only after the 6 pack I had anyways and I ended up giving it to him. 

It went life that for years. 

I would like to say either of us grew. That he cleaned up and got a job. That I cleaned up and got an education and a better job. 

Neither of us did. 

It is strange how you never feel mortality until someone close to you in age and circumstance dies. When I help hobo (I never learned his name) in my arms because he had asked for me, I thought he was drunk and not dying. There was a bottle of Everclear close by and I had to stifle a laugh because I just thought he was passing out. The thing is, with a swaying hand he had put those blue glasses on me. He was yelling about how he never wanted to be born. I was thinking that no one does.  

With the glasses on I saw a man and a woman, both looking frazzled.  The mad was wearing a wife-beater and had sunken eyes. He smelled like cheap beer. The woman had a strong line between here own eyes from worry. She smelled like gin. 

The couple walked towards us. I almost held back my hobo, because it was strange for normal people to get involved. They looked so sad though, I didn't feel like they would harm us. As they got closer, I could smell the alcohol and disappointment. It is a strange feeling, but I'm sure you'd know the smell if it was in front of you.

They walked up close my hobo. They reached for him as I watched intently. I thought maybe they'd get him a motel room or something, but they pulled at him. I left his body lighten and saw that he become two people, the one in my arms and the one holding the couples hands. As he walked away, he got smaller in comparison and the couple looked the same. The man in my arms stayed, but a boy walked of with two people who were heavy with regret. 

I stared at them so long I forgot the body I was holding.

It isn't a joke to see the homeless, they have probably had struggles greater than you know.

I don't drink anymore and went I get a craving to forget everything with a bottle of rye, I give 20 dollars to the food bank or the big brothers and bog sisters charity. I don't know where other kids might end up.

I never learned his name but I like to think he is happy now.