Benjamin heard it. The pen stopped scratching; and a deep voice said "Thank you," and then as Ben turned to watch him, the young man with short black hair and piercing blue eyes started to walk away. Ben watched him go, surprised, before he started to follow. He reached in his pocket and, sure enough, he still had his little notepad and pen. He pulled it out, and started writing. 

He wrote about the man's gait, his demeanor; everything. As the suited individual went along (Ben had at first called him "Notesy" when he was little; and later changed it to "G-Man" after playing some half-life,) he started looking back at Ben as he followed. Ben didn't acknowledge this.
Eventually he stopped, for the first time looking a little worried, and asked "What are you doing?" Ben simply wrote down that G-Man seemed to be distraught, as well as what he'd spoken. 

"What are you writing down?" He asked, sweat starting to drip down his face. Ben wanted to smile; but he kept his face stoic. After a moment of scribbling he turned his steely gaze on G-Man, with a passionless stare. Eventually G-Man turned and continued walking; Ben continued following. 

This continued for quite some time. After awhile - in fact, after only a short amount of time - Ben could tell people couldn't see him anymore. As they continued he started to be able to walk through things; but he simply continued his calm, steady stride and his constant note taking. G-Man tried to run a few times; but somehow Ben could always find him with ease. After a few days Ben barely though of anything but following G-Man. After years, during which the man led a seemingly normal life, he still followed him. Eventually, when G-Man had aged and looked ready to die, he rose, looked harshly at Ben, and headed to a hospital's maternity Ward. Ben, of course, followed; noting the strange behavior of the old G-Man. 

Noone noticed G-Man as he entered and walked through the hospital; which was strange. Then, for the first time in a long time, Ben was thrown for a bit of a loop. G-Man entered a hospital room; but when the doors closed (they did this before Ben could enter the room himself) he seemed to disappear. Ben followed him in, finding him missing; but as he invisibly watched a child was born from the mother. Knowing what he should do instinctively, he tucked away his notepad and pen, and pulled fresh ones from his suit pocket; noting down everything he observed about the small newborn. The first thing he noticed was that the small baby, unlike everyone else in the room, seemed to notice him. 