“Shit,” the burglar thought, only a moment before the heavy steel curtain slammed down against his elbow with an audible snap that left his left arm limp, his vision blurred, and his stomach writhing with so much pain he tripped over the now slack string that lay beneath the dark window. He lay in agony curled over and clutching his elbow, the pounding of his own blood echoed in his head: thud, thud, thud, THUD, slowly increasing in volume and sending a shiver down the burglar’s spine with the realization that the echoes weren’t confined to his own skull. He staggered to his feet despite debilitating pain, untangled the string from his boot and hurried down another hall, away from the impossibly loud footsteps and creaking floorboards that sounded on the precipice of snapping, and into a grimy kitchen, its floor slick with blood.

“What the hell have I got myself into?” he mused as he picked his way through the kitchen and over to the counter, retrieving a carving knife from the nearly empty block, its blade shining in the otherwise dark and dingy surroundings. “This will have to do,” he decided as the footsteps ceased in the room he had occupied moments ago, an audible “damn it” drifted down the hall and the burglar continued down an adjoining hall: this house was huge. He entered into a study and noticed a revolver on the nearby desk, but it proved impossibly heavy to lift and after two attempts a voice whispered in his head, “Must be level 2 to use.”

Rhythmic thuds and creaking floorboards pushed the burglar onward into a lavish living room lined with weapons: An M16, a 12-guage shotgun, a bloody katana, all neatly labeled with names and level requirements. As the burglar suspected he met none of the requirements himself and am empty spot on the shelf above the label “Plasma Canon, Lv. 40” left the burglar in shock. He struck out at a sprint for the door, knife in hand, and as he passed through the doorframe it exploded in violent violet light and splinters. The burglar shuttered from the shock and felt wood splinters slice into his skin as he sprinted across shattered marble and up scorched stairs.

From the floor above he braved a glance at the gory beast below, masked in metal plates and vile violet canon. The banister exploded behind him as he darted through decimated hallways and dark doorways, finding comfort in distance. The stairs creaked and cracked behind him as the beast slowly ascended the aging steps. Fear pushed him forward and he descended a second staircase to safety. “Holy hell,” he thought to himself, “where to now?”

“Player 3 has entered the game.” 

“That revolver’s mine.”
