“There it is.” sighing slightly I open up the video file of the day before and the video plays. A red Beamer comes out of the lane next to me and clips the hood. The video shows rapid spinning and I remember the fear I felt as I slowly regained control. The loud sound of crushing metal and then silence, so thankful to be alive I paused the video and took a breath. Then I hit play again, and I heard it.

“You’re gonna be okay.”, I blink and replay those seconds over and over. That’s not possible, is this in other videos?

Hours pass and it was in every video for the past three years, the day I bought a dash cam. 

The day after my world shattered.

But it was her, that soft tone every day. Her giggle heard over and over, as if responding to my idle chatter to the radio. Tears welled in my eyes and I listened to every last one. 

Rachel and I met when we were kids, hell we married when we were only eighteen. It was never perfect but she was as close as anyone could dream to be. We had plans, a life, a home...and one night she was killed in a hit and run accident. The police said it seemed like she had been getting into the car and a driver had come too close. Like it was excusable, just an accident and not like a coward had hit her and fled. They never found him and to this day I remember the day they stopped looking, the day I knew that justice would never come.

Looking to my bed, tears run down my face. My chest tightens and I close my eyes. I choose a specific day, June 19th 2015. I hit play and listened, and her voice was there singing that same silly version of happy birthday she made up for me all those years ago when we first started dating. She always did things like that...

I don’t know if I’m crazy, or if something is just weird with the recordings somehow. It doesn’t matter though, I didn’t feel fear when I heard it, I felt...happy. Something I haven’t felt in a long time. 

Im sorry, I really am I wish I could write more than this because it really is something fantastic.

But I’m going to go for a drive.