“Janice.” Her husband said her name but it was the way he said it that made Janice decidedly not look at him. “Janice can we please talk about this?” Arnold’s voice was getting more high pitched as he tried to change his stubborn wife’s mind. She was already half way to the car with two grocery bags gripped in her fists. Money seemed to be stuffed hap-hazardly into the faded bags, with some whipping out the top because of Janice’s brisk pace. 

“Get in the car Arnold, you can hide in there if you like…” The woman spoke harshly as she approached a beige mini-van. In honesty, the thing had seen better days, but that was not the point of the money, Janice and Arnold didn’t really want for anything, except the attention of their daughter. 

“What if she doesn’t show up like last time?” Arnold queried as he rounded the van to get into the passenger side. 

“Then we’ll just have to up our game,” Janice mumbled resolutely as she dropped the bags to her feet and waited. She didn’t seem to care as some of the bills had fluttered loose of their confines and fell at her feet. 

The police sirens in the distance did nothing to weaken her resolute stance. She knew the call had gone out over the scanner, the place they had ‘robbed’ was owned by a friend. Janice had promised to return all the money plus a little for trouble once the deed was done. 

More sirens joined the din of ones already blaring as Janice kept her eyes overhead. It was pale blue with a smattering of clouds and not much cover, she’d see her daughter before she was seen.

The sound of cars zooming down narrow alleys let Janice know the police would round on them soon, but she had to hope Vanessa would get to them first.
Memories began to swirl in the calm of Janice’s mind. Memories of her daughter who’d long ago left her. Hair braiding, first kisses, Vanessa had confided it all in Janice, and now she wouldn’t even acknowledge a phone call or Facebook message. Janice clenched her fists at the thought of it all. These were the lengths she had to go to see her daughter.

As if on cue the sound of something flying overhead made Janice lower her gaze as her daughter, in all her power landed before her. A gust of wind, and Vanessa had two feet on the ground, and was staring puzzled at her mother.

“Mom?” Vanessa looked a sight, she’d made some changes to her costume since they’d last seen each other, all black and midnight purple. It seemed to be made of some hardened material that hugged her daughter’s figure. A small mask hid the space around her light brown eyes that were now widened in surprise.

“Well, I hope you’re happy…do you see what happens when you don’t bother to call or visit? I have to resort to…drastic measures.” Janice replied, her arms now crossed over her chest. She wasn’t so old that this had no effect, especially on her daughter who raised an eyebrow by the movement of her mask.

A disbelieving scoff came from Vanessa’s lips as she adopted the stance her mother was in, no thought to the cops who were getting closer. “Are you…are you kidding me?” she asked as she took a step towards her mother. If Janice hadn’t raised her, she would have been intimidating.

“Well,” Janice drew, letting the word roll on for a few syllables longer than it needed, “I know we’ve had our differences…”

“Differences?” Vanessa burst in now only a foot from her mother, and towering over her by a few inches, “You kicked me out of the house the first time you found me levitating things in my room…oh wait, that was after you tried to convince our parish priest I was possessed!”  Janice recoiled at her daughter’s angry words, her back to the beige van now. 

“I was…trying to help you…” Janice tried to reason, “It was for your own good!” 

“I tried to tell you over and over that I DIDN’T and DON’T need help,” Vanessa shook her head, trying to not let it fall into her leather gloved hands. “I am the help, Mom…” She added in a softer, sadder tone. 
The sound of rubber on pavement signaled the arrival of the cops, and Vanessa sighed.

“Believe it or not, I help those who need it, and you two, hi Dad,” Vanessa looked around her stubborn mother and waved to her timid father in the car, “Clearly need a different kind of help…Give uncle Jimmy back his money, and stop it with this stupid crap.” 

“I won’t stop until you come home, Jason and Darren both still ask about you, you could go back to school. Lead a NORMAL life.” Janice pushed and moved towards her daughter as if to embrace her. She was rebuffed harshly as Vanessa stepped back. 

“Mom, this is who I am. I’m not normal, and no amount of your amateur heist….bullshit is going to change that.”

The first squad car was parked and two men were stepping out, it was hard to miss Vanessa standing there “Valkyrie…a pleasure as always. Did the job for us again?” A round man in a police uniform asked as he stepped up to the talking pair. 

“As always Officer Claire, “ Vanessa put on her best smile, “I caught her trying to escape after robbing Jimmy’s BBQ House, all the money should be here.” 
Janice was holding her breath for Vanessa to come to her senses. 

“This woman was the sole perp, but she gave up easy…maybe a night in jail to set her straight?” Vanessa wasn’t looking at her mother anymore, or she would have seen the look of pure horror on her face. Officer Claire seemed to question Vanessa’s judgement for a moment before nodding and moving to handcuff a shocked Janice.

Vanessa turned and shook her head, “It’s for your own good.” 
