I'd never asked for power. I never once uttered a prayer to a higher power for strength I did not have. Instead, I took the power I wanted. The power I needed. I'd spent eons tracking down powerful beings and creatures that were worshiped as 'Gods' and subjugating them and their powers for my own motives. I'd taken countless lives of those who were once above me in so many ways, but were now lower than I was in comparison.   

Still, it was never enough. Never enough to bring my family back. No matter how much power I gathered, I couldn't turn back the sands of time to my whims. Even after killing the God of Time and taking his power as my own, I couldn't go far enough back to save them. Even after taking the power of the God of Death, I couldn't raise them back to life. This enraged me, for I could no longer die and join them. I'd spent so long and gained so much power trying to bring them back to me that I could no longer be with them in death.   

This rage of mine flowed and flowed for generations. I'd destroyed mountains, leveled cities, and ushered in countless other disasters upon the populace. Then, *they* started coming around. Heroes. Saviors. 'Chosen Ones', they were officially dubbed. A chance of circumstance and birthed with certain traits made these people special somehow. They'd been trained by the finest teachers to kill demons and other foul creatures with the ultimate goal of killing me.   

It was never enough. No matter how many artifacts they had, no matter how powerful of a spell they had crafted, no matter what kind of skill they had, they always failed. At first, I'd welcomed them in my home beneath a certain mountain. I'd pleaded with them to kill me, if they were so chosen by an even higher power than I to do so. However, even the most powerful among them could not even make me bleed. Their strongest spells were nothing more than a gust of wind to me. Even with all of my defenses lowered, they couldn't so much as tarnish the boots I wore.   

That made me angry, so I killed them. Years passed and more 'Chosen' landed at my doorstep, and more 'Chosen' ended up dead. These young men, boys really, couldn't kill me, much less hurt me. After so many decades of this, the populace started bringing me 'offerings' to appease me, as if I'd forgotten their attempts on my life. First, it was wine and food, clearly the finest they had to offer, yet my body had long since ceased needing such things. Next, it was women. Beautiful women who were terrified of the fate that awaited them. Virgins, most likely. They'd never stuck around long after I'd told them to leave. However, upon returning to their homes, they were executed for not fulfilling their duty. This angered me, so I'd wiped out more villages, towns, and cities. This only further spurred the populace to find a way to be rid of me, whether by my death or appeasement.   

One day, however, something happened that changed things. I'd heard knocking\- not banging, not crashing\- but knocking on my door. That was new. When I opened the door, a small human child with hair the color of blood and eyes the color of lush grass was at my doorstep, dressed in what was little more than rags. In one hand was a dead rabbit, and in the other was a rusty, bloody dagger.   

“Mister, can you skin this rabbit for me? I'll give you half if you can.” She'd asked. No fear in her voice. While I wasn't truly a Giant, I was very tall by human standards, and my clothing was not something truly corporeal, instead being made of dark energy thanks to my subjugation of the God of Shadows. Yet, she was not afraid. Even the bravest of those who came to me were terrified to be in my presence.   

How long had it been since I'd skinned or butchered a creature for food? Hundreds of years? Thousands? I couldn't remember. “Come,” I said, beckoning the girl inside. She'd followed me without hesitation. 

When I had built my home under the mountain, I'd still been mostly human, so it had a kitchen. I'd butchered the rabbit for the girl and gave it back to her. I didn't have any use for food, after all.   

She looked down into the basket I'd provided her with. “You gave me your half, Mister,” 

Strange. I'd never encountered such a child like this one. She was completely unafraid. I'd expected her to have run out of my lair once she'd gotten her food. “I do not require sustenance.” 

“Sus\- wha? What's that?”   

“Food. I do not require food. The rabbit is yours.”   

“Oh.. Are you sure? Me and my friends don't need much. We've got berries and roots.”   

Her friends? “Your friends?” She nodded, a bright smile on her face.   

“Mm, my friends and I live out in the forest. There's lots of good foraging around these parts.”   

Again, strange. The closest village was three days from here. The populace had given me a very wide berth. There were rumors that I'd placed demons and other creatures to guard my home. I hadn't placed them, of course. They were naturally drawn to my power. Power seeks power, after all.   

“Why do you live in the forest?”   

A small, sad look crossed her face before answering. “We're orphans. The Church said we had to go do something important and fight some demon king, but we don't wanna. We can't find him anyways.” 

The Church. Of course. This girl and her friends must be the newest 'Chosen Ones' and were sent here. The first female 'Chosen' I'd seen. Yet, she was so small and young. They hadn't sent her and her friends to kill me. They'd sent them to be killed. If not by me, then by the various beasts that resided within the forest.   

“How do you avoid the monsters in the forest?”   

The girl shrugged. “They don't attack us. Just sit there and watch us. Some of them even play with us.” 

Play? The creatures that surrounded my home were not pets. Even alone, the weakest among them could decimate a small village. Yet they.. played with this girl? “What is your name, girl?”   

She gave me a bright smile. “Lyra, Sir. My friends are Cassie and Stella.”   

Stars. Constellations. Names for things above even myself. Perhaps these girls.. 

“Lyra, I have many herbs and spices here in my kitchen. I can cook the rabbit for you and your friends. All I ask is for the company.”   

Her eyes brightened considerably. “Really? Okay, I'll go get them!” She said, shoving the basket full of butchered rabbit into my hands and running away. I heard the door open and slam shut. For the first time in what felt like forever, a small smile appeared on my face as I prepared the rabbit.   

Yes. Perhaps these girls would be able to give me that which I seek.   