Ohh...I remember this day very well.

It was the day I became "The legendary Drunken Master" and invented the drunken style.

I remember being different and being bullied by other kids when I was young but my story didn't end there, It started there!

It was an accident when I found my talent in drunk fighting. You see, my father owns a Wine Company named "One Punch Drunk". It's named like that, not because of the anime but because this wine can 'not only knock you on your first drink' but also enhance your fighting skill.

We were laughed at and no one wanted to try it.

Businessmen didn't believe our in our company's premise and I vowed to my father to prove them wrong.

Me and my father was at a bar drinking when a man suddenly came up to us only to insult us.

He tried to punch me but I dodged him. I was learning a little bit of self defense then to fight the bullies and I never thought I was gonna use it until this day.

I resumed a fighting stance position and he kept insulting me. I said "Super Punch!" and kicked him. He said, "That wasn't a punch." and I replied "That's what make it super."

That is when I came to the idea of creating a "Drunken Fighting Style" I first learned basics of more of mix martial arts then drunk everyday. Even my father thought I was throwing my life away then but I was about to prove them wrong.

The wine was so strong that it eliminated my hair, not that I need it though. Probably better since it saves money on shampoo.

The most important thing is I never stopped believing on my skills on being drunk.

Soon enough I was able to perfect my "Drunken style of fighting."

I fought different masters. It was the power of drinking that helped me since it made my moves very unpredictable. Until there was no fighter that can defeat me.

That is when it came to me that I should move into becoming a superhero instead.

So I let go of my "Legendary Drunken Master" title and became "One Punch Drunk".

I enter my superhero mode when I become drunk. Now, what is left is to find a supervillain to fight.