Last time, we had a look at the mating habits of the adult forms of the Homosapiens Erectus, or "Humans" as they call themselves. Today, we shall be taking a look at the habits displayed by younger examples, here at what is known as "college".  For the Homosapiens, knowledge is hard gained, and they use these learning complexes to transfer this knowledge, from the old and wise, to a newer generation. "Teenagers" are in between their larval and adult forms, and as such actually don't have the benefit of both. This makes for rather awkward meetings, as the males and females experience life-altering changes to their minds, voices and, yes, even their bodies. With the males, the hormone testosterone starts flowing freely; their voices deepen, hair starts to grow in their genitalic regions and their reproductive organs become active. In females, hair and reproductive organs begin to develop as well, but their voices pitch higher and secondary gender markers as their breasts start to grow. It is at this point in a human's lifecycle that we find ourselves at a college, where we are able to witness the courting between two of them.  
  
Notice how the male approaches a group of females, pushed by his comrades to approach one of them; we can see them sitting here to the left. Notice how the group of females is communicating with each other; one of them already has been courted by one of the males, and knows that the approaching male is here to court with "Anna", the female in the yellow blouse. This communication is known as "gossip" and it is an integral part of human behaviour, especially when relating to the bonding of two humans. As the male approaches, the females laugh and push "Anna" more to the front. It is obvious that she does not know to react to "Peter", even though this isn't the first time that they have seen each other. Why this off-beat behaviour then? We are about to find out...  
  
For "Peter" is not the only one wanting to court "Anna". From across the college yard another contestant approaches: "Donald" is known as a bully, one who subjugates others to do his bidding. He has made it clear to "Anna" that he wants her to be his mate; she disagreed on this, and since the tension is palpable. "Peter" knows of this, but has decided that he will challenge the odds on winning "Anna"'s hand. Around the college yard, other males and females are noticing the tension as "Donald" approaches the group of females and "Peter"; not so hard, considering that he is shouting obscenities to the poor male. But "Peter" is having none of it. The flower he has just given to the female, a friendly present between lovers, enrages the bully even more. He pushes the male away while voicing that he has a small reproductive organ; a move meant to intimidate the other. And here, we can see how much "Peter" is willing to court with the female: he dusts off his jacket, proclaiming that "Donald"'s reproductive organs need a magnifying glass to even see, and winks at the females; a sign of affection.  
  
The bully has now reached his tipping point. His face becomes red and, while still screaming vulgar words, removes his jacket; a fight is about to break loose. A circle has formed around the two competing males, cheering to "Peter" and denouncing the bully, further angering him. The adrenaline coursing through his body, combined with the testosterone, tip the scales: "Donald" loses his composure, and charges at the shorter male. But if it's knowledge that is to be gained at this facility, "Donald" sure was not paying attention. For "Peter" knows some tricks, moves he has displayed when with friends and of which a lot of people know about. With a single grab and throw, the bully crashes to the ground. His look of surprise is soon followed by shame. He gets up onto his feet and makes his way through the cheering circle of humans, vowing to have his revenge one day. But that won't be today. Today, the winner is rewarded by the female with a kiss on the cheek. The smile on his face, combined with the cheers of people around him, make him feel good; he has done well to make his "friends" proud.  
  
Tune in next week as we continue our fascinating look into the mating rituals of the humans, as we'll delve deeper into their reproductive systems, in "Planet Earth".