Brahma was the "legs" of the operation. However of course, this meant his face was always concealed. In other words, no one ever saw him as the Godhead. Vishnu and Shiva often bickered about who should sit at the top. The Vaishnavas always saw the Absolute when Vishnu was sitting on Shiva's shoulders, and the Shaivites only saw the Absolute when Shiva sat at the helm. Of course, this "absolute" was quite a ridiculous sight, an elongated, swaying, trench-coated humanoid with not two, but twelve arms. It's hard to believe that such an awkward frame could represent a God, but to the humans, in their childlike innocence, it was good enough.

The three gods themselves knew that they were just aspects of the real absolute. They were made of the same fundamental and eternal principal as the mortal humans, albeit they were far grander, far more exquisite, immortal, and supremely powerful in their dominions. Rulers of heavenly kingdoms, they lived perfect blessed lives. Lives that went on forever, or so they had believed.

After 16,000 kalpas, Brahma suddenly became ill. Vishnu tried to help him, being the preserver that he was. He suspected the strain of being the legs for so long had started to take its toll. Shiva on the other hand reveled in Brahma's suffering. He saw the destruction of an immortal being to be a display of his power, that his nature permeated all beings, that his inevitability proved that he was the deserved Godhead. Vishnu couldn't stand his show-boating, and knew that he, the preserver, had to save Brahma, even if it was just for the sake of getting one over on Shiva.

Despite his best efforts to care for his brother, Brahma died. In a boastful display of power, Shiva went on a spree of transformation and destruction. The universe contorted around him, a thousand supernovas twinkled on his flesh, like the suns reflection off morning dew. But with no one left to bring new worlds into existence, his spree quickly ended. He had destroyed every organism, every structure. Every ordered atom was scattered chaotically and homogeneously, the forces of entropy all played out. With nothing left to destroy, his fundamental essence was gone. And with that, he blinked out of existence.

Vishnu knew it. He was the true Godhead. He sat alone, in his dead, cold universe. It was perfect. Everything had been too complex before. In the old days, preserving anything was almost impossible. No matter how hard he tried, he could never get a human to live for more that 120 years. It had always frustrated him, made him feel weak. Yet here he was, the only god, at the culmination of the universe, the omega point. A beautiful, uniform universe, that took no effort on his part to preserve. In fact, he had become redundant. With that realization, he too blinked out of existence.

After the longest time, a darkness that seemed eternal and unending, there was a spark. The dead cold world was suddenly flooded, with heat, light and energy. And the first thing to appear in all of it was that 12 armed, trench-coated god. They thought to themselves that they must have made all of this, since there was no one else around. They proclaimed themselves the eternal kings and began to play. In their play, they created stars, planets and life. They truly were gods.

From the outside, the universe looked somewhat like a wheel. What seem like the end and begin to those within are actually joined. Joined so that every moment of suffering and every disappointment can be lived over and over again. The Buddha looked on at it and laughed at the foolish gods. They would never realise their frivolity, they enjoyed life to much to grow weary of it. But the humans, they could be helped. The suffering of seeing loved ones grow old and die, and knowing that it would eventually happen to them was something they all wanted to wish away. With a sigh, he stepped back in. He had a lesson to teach that the gods were incapable of.
