“This simulation would take considerably longer than usual to run, Mr. Gates. The impact of Mr. Adam’s software would need to be quantified and to do so requires training the subjects. Based on the anticipated training duration and requests already in queue, this would likely take 2 weeks to complete, if I put in the request now” said the Utilitator.

Bill Gates searched the Utilitator’s face for a hint of emotion and found none. Utilitator’s were meticulously selected and rigorously trained to be impartial observers; displays of emotion were unheard of. However, Bill suspected that Utilitators were biased deep-down; they were human after all. “No problem, Jim and I will wait patiently for the results. Won’t we Jim?” Bill asked rhetorically.

Before the man seated in the chair across from Bill’s desk could respond, the Utilitator interjected “Mr. Gates I would also like to remind you that regardless of the simulation’s outcome, it will cost you a significant amount of Karma to kill any man. The Panopticon recently raised the price of murder to 200K, excluding any additional personal surcharge, of course.”

“Well gee, that sure is a lot more than it used to be. Although, 200K seems like a pittance compared to the future Karma I would lose if Mr. Adam’s software eats away at Microsoft’s market share, don’t you think?” retorted Bill.

“The simulation will give us the answer, but yes, that is a potential scenario” calmly replied the Utilitator.

Jim Adams had said very little since stepping into Mr. Gates’ private study and found it hard to follow the conversation. He wanted to do something to take back control of his life, but he was in a state of shock. Many prominent inventors—some of which were friends of Jim from when he lived in Silicon Valley--had found themselves in a similar situation: whisked away by a gang of armed men at the command of a prominent philanthropist. Then a Utilitator would weigh the benefit of their invention, which would determine how many Karma Credits were required to legally murder the inventor. Some inventors had returned unscathed to introduce their product to the world; most, however, did not. Jim had known this moment would come once knowledge of his invention became public, and he had prepared for it. Unfortunately, preparation alone was not enough. Jim’s invention was a wearable device that would allow the wearer’s utility to be measured in real-time by transmitting stimuli and recording the brain’s chemical response. However, this invention was worthless without the acceptance of the Panopticon and their caste of Utilitators who were responsible for calculating utility. Jim had not heard anything from the Panopticon since his proposal to “general inquiries" email address listed on their website. He assumed it would take time for his proposal to make it to the top of the organization, but he had run out of time. Jim had known that death was a possibility, indeed the most likely possibility, but once he was summoned by a gang of armed men a few hours ago, death had become a certainty. This realization that had forced Jim into a state of shellshock, from which he was just now emerging. Jim knew he was firmly in Mr. Gates’ grasp, but Jim would try to wriggle out until the end. 

“Don’t I have any say in the matter? I demand to speak to my lawyer” said Jim. The sound of Jim’s voice startled Bill and he took immense satisfaction from this small victory.

The Utilitator shifted his gaze to Jim and said “Mr. Adams I am your lawyer. You do not have enough Karma currently to outbid Mr. Gates and while you could technically take out a loan, no one would be willing to grant you such a loan large enough to outbid Mr. Gates. Your fate rests on the benefit of your invention.”

“How much to kidnap a man for 2 weeks? I assume that rate has increased as well?” asked Bill.

“Actually, no, the rate is unchanged. That would cost 20K” answered the Utilitator.

“Very well, credit my account 20K and we will anxiously await your return in 2 weeks” said Bill.

“Done, Mr. Gates. You still have 2,865,856 Karma remaining. Also, the simulation is expected to take 3 weeks now. A few more tasks were added to the queue while we dallied” flatly replied the Utilitator.

Bill started at the Utilitator with disdain. Again, he could detect nothing other than impassiveness in the Utilitator’s tone and features, but Bill still felt like the Utilitator was not on his side. Then again, Bill always felt that way. It was likely a result of being on the top of the hill; everyone wanted to dethrone you, but Bill had successfully defended his kingdom for decades and he would continue to quell competitors like Jim Adams. However, Bill felt somewhat guilty for being able to legally kidnap and murder Jim. Bill saw a lot of himself in Jim and knew he would be in the same position as Jim if the neuroscientists has given Utilitarians the tools to measure utility when he first invented the Windows OS. Bill was raised to believe that murder was unequivocally wrong, but he, like so many other people, had come to see the benefits of a system where bad was allowed so long as the offender had contributed or would contribute more good than bad. It was counterintuitive, but a lot more people were making a positive impact, if only to legally enjoy a few vices.
Bill turned toward his sanctioned hostage “Jim, someone from my staff will take you to your chambers momentarily. You may think I am a monster, but I do this for the greater good. After all, I would not have so many Karma Credits if I was not a good person. Anyways, I trust you will find your accommodations quite comfortable, but if you need anything else—besides access to the outside world—please let us know. You are dismissed.” 

With that Bill turned to stare out the window and Jim got up from his seat, slowly turned towards the door, and started walking. As Jim started to turn the door handle, Bill said “Oh, one more thing, Jim. I would like you to show me how your invention works. I borrowed a few from your home, I hope you don’t mind. Please plan on providing a demo at 8 am tomorrow morning.”

Jim stared at Bill in disbelief. This man expected to kill him and steal his invention? Jim looked at the Utilitator, desperately wanting someone else to acknowledge the ridiculousness of this whole ordeal. The Utilitator stealthily glanced sideways at Mr. Gates to find his still-turned-back and then turned to meet Jim’s gaze. Then the Utilitator did something completely unexpected: he winked and smiled at Jim Adams.

Jim was dumbstruck and would have remained so if Bill had not responded to the prolonged silence by turning around to ask: “I’m sorry, is 8 am too inconvenient for you, Mr. Adams?”

“Uh, yeah, I mean no, 8 am is fine” stammered Jim.

“Good, please see yourself out. The Utilitator and I have further business to discuss” stated Bill.

Jim waited until he turned towards the door to unleash a huge grin. He was not sure what the Utilitator’s actions meant, but it gave him hope, hope that he desperately needed. Hope that the Panopticon would adopt his invention and that he would suddenly find himself with more Karma Credits than Bill Gates. And Jim knew the first thing he would do with his newfound wealth: he would murder his captor Bill Gates one of the most prolific serial killers in the history of mankind. But before he killed Bill, he would torture him. It would cost him more Karma to do so, but he would gladly make the investment. Jim assessed the merits of various torture methods as he was escorted by armed guards to his prison cell.
