"Player 2 has entered the game," I whispered to my brother. Trevor insisted on being Player 1.

Player 1 used to be our dad. Dad and Mom were both gamers, and had repeatedly told us that was how they met. From the very beginning, they tried to pass their love of gaming onto us. Dad was always Player One, Mom was Player Two, Trevor was Player Three, I was Player Four, and eventually our little sister Sandy was Player Five. Gaming was a big part of our lives.

Every week, we would get to do something as a family, whether sitting in front of a game console, or playing war with nerf guns, or even going on treasure hunts in the park nearby. My parents were so happy to introduce us to any game that we were interested in, and it became a treasured family time for all of us. 

I fleetingly wished that those times would come back. Those memories were forever stained by that night, when home invaders caught us playing hide and seek. The first night we lost the Game.

Trevor was the only legal adult at the time...the only one who could make decisions, and I admit I clung to him as we attempted to recover what we could. The medical bills and expenses kept piling up, and the insurance companies began balking at paying the bills. i watched Trevor work himself sick trying to keep things together, but finally, there were no more avenues.

I don't know how Trevor found them, to be honest. They told him that they could help him get his revenge and make a tidy profit, if we just did what they asked of us. We were on the edge of homelessness when Trevor told me what we were going to do. I don't know where he got the money or the equipment, but he told us that we were going to take The Game to a whole new level, and we were going to save ourselves. We wired this new house with cameras, and fitted the shutters and locks. We made the house look like a burglar's wet dream. That poor schmuck that just climbed in the window didn't know it, but he just volunteered to pay next month's bills for us with his own body. He wasn't the first, and I doubted he'd be the last.

As Trevor stalked towards our new source of income, I took a moment to turn and glance at the rest of the family. Dad and Mom lay comfortably in their new hospital beds. The brainwave machines showed just enough activity to give us hope that they might one day, they might wake up. My gaze rested unwillingly on the copper vase sitting on a small end table between the beds. Too bad Sandy would never recover. I looked down at my inert, useless legs and the strap that held me upright in my new motorized wheelchair. I hit the chair's joystick and turned back to the monitors to monitor Player One.
