Cheater Cheater

"You want to do what?" I fumed.

Jeff's grin remained. He combed back his blond hair as if his notion was not preposterous. 

"I want to cheat the test."

"You're an idiot."

"All the more reason, Harley!" He blurted."Every term is run by the same crazy smart academic who only knows what he studied. Math and science can only get you so far, especially when it comes to running a country. You know what cheating would mean then, don't you? If we pull this off, it will be proof that I can handle this responsibility. I know the odds are stacked against us..." My eyes rolled involuntarily. There was no way I could keep myself from interrupting.

"Exponentially. Who do you think designs the test? It's the current president, and he can make it so nobody knows the answers but him."

"Exactly. If we play his game, we'll lose, but we're not playing his game. We're cheating. He's still a crazy academic. He'll have those answers written somewhere."

"Yup, and locked up in a safe only he knows the combination to. Are you really gonna pull a Mission: Impossible?"

"It's because it's impossible that we have to do it!"

"So what's your plan?" I raised an eyebrow.

"I don't have one..."

"Uhuh."

"Yet!"

"Mmkay."

"Shut up."

"You shut up." I crossed my arms and allowed my bangs to  "This whole thing is stupid. Sometimes you just have to accept that it's pointless. This guy won once, and he's rigged it so he can never lose, so he'll be in power until he dies." 

"But that's fucked up!"

"Life is fucked up. You're better off just not taking the test."

I walked away from him. Jeff was such a kid. I couldn't bare even thinking what he planned to do, but it haunted me my entire walk home. I couldn’t think about anything else. Like how would he get the answer sheet, assuming it even existed? I bet he didn’t even have any idea what the office layout looked like.
I arrived at the tent.

“Hi, Howard. I’m home.”

My father yawned as he looked up from his makeshift bed. ”Oh, welcome home, m-girl.”

“Hey, Howard, I was wondering. Do you know the layout of the federal office?”

“Wow! That’s a big question! Look, I don’t want you doing what I do anyway, but that’s a whole ‘nother place to be taking from.”

“Don’t get any ideas!” Surely, he didn’t think I was anything like him. “It’s just been on my mind. I actually don’t know what it looks like.”

“Well, I guess I might know a thing or two.”
