“Mr. President, the aliens are here at the atmosphere, and we think that the first time we make contact is near,” spoke the leading general.  

“Johnson!  You need to figure out what this message says!” 

“It’s some type of request, Mr. President, but we cannot figure out what it means.  It’s some type of request for a king of some sorts.  Maybe a god.  We can’t tell for now.”

“Well you need to figure it out immediately!”

Johnson went to work with his team.  They tried to decipher the codes that they had received via satellite transmission and could not figure out what exactly the aliens were trying to tell them.  

“Wait, maybe this word is ‘OF’ and this word is ‘RAP’?  Maybe this word, no, I’m not sure.  It definitely appears to be a C, O, N, T,” spoke one of the leading members of the team, “is the next letter an ‘R’?”

After countless hours of work, the team had finally hit a breakthrough, “I got it!  I got it!”  Exclaimed a sergeant, “It’s says, ‘We want to speak to the god of king rap, better known as the controversy.’”

“But that doesn’t make any sense Sergeant,” replied the General, “maybe it’s the wrong order.”

As they sat together for a few moments, they started to use their human-like brainpower.  All of the sudden, it clicked in their heads.

“WE WANT TO SPEAK TO THE KING OF CONTROVERSY, BETTER KNOWN AS THE RAP GOD.”

“You mean?”  Said the General in disbelief.  “Get him on the phone.”


“What do you mean you need to talk to my man, Marshall?  He doesn’t have time for this whack ass shit, he’s working on an album and not telling his fucking fans about it, fuck off homie.”  

”What up Dre?”

“Check this out, Slim, I gotta talk to ya, I don’t know it just seems ever since you got off ya, drugs you became a lot softer…   Wait, we aren’t recording.  Slim, some aliens want to talk to ya!”

“What?”

“I don’t know man, some aliens want you to explain the history of the earth to them in five minutes.”

“So what, should I just throw them the Slim Shady LP and the Marshall Mathers LP and say this was like 15 years ago, fuck it bro, if you want to hear the history from me, I do A Capella’s now, yo.  No forreal, Dre, we gotta stop talking to each other is verses and rhymes n shit, the fuck we doing man. 

“Ha ha, like ‘AYO EM!?’”

“WHAT!?”

“Don’t kill nobody this time.”

“ALRIGHT, GOD DAMN.  What the fuck, mother fuck.  Why the fuck you always doing this shit man.  Now I need to make a withdrawal.  So what the fuck man.  Do I gotta talk to them or what?”

“I don’t know man.  The Pentagon needs to talk to you and they need to get you out to D.C. immediately.  Not the D.O.C., the District of Columbia, man.  Get the fuck outta here.  I’ll be right here waiting on you.  Yeah, tell them D.C. people that I ain’t in your basement anymore and I’m alive.  I barely paid taxes since I made the billions, ha ha.”

“What the fuck…”

Em dials the phone.

“Hello, I heard you needed to speak to me?”


“Yes, we do.  Wait, how do you know the number of the Pentagon?”
“I don’t know, back in like ’03 someone gave me this number, saying I’d probably have to save the human race one day.  It’s a bit ironic right?  Shit’s been in my phone since.  I don't know I was high as fuck.  I been thinking about facking deleting it, but ya never know man.”

“We need you to come to D.C. right away.  You need to make first contact with these aliens.  They seem to want Slim Shady.”

“Damn man, I’ve created a monster.  ‘Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more, they want Shady, I’m chopped liver.”

“We will have a plane over to you in an hour.”

“Man, I got my own plane, I’ll be there in an hour.  AYO DRE!”

“Yo!?”

“To the rap mobile!  Let’s go!”


Eminem and Dre arrive at the Pentagon in about two hours, since they had to walk all the way through the K-Mart mansion and the elevator was broken since it was stuck at the basement from some time before, no one knows why for sure…

“Dre, I think that song idea was NASTY on the way over, I can't wait to lay that shit down!  Hot damn.  I’ma show these mother fuckers I’m the dopest MC!  These aliens ain’t got shit on me.  Something like that.  That’s like what swag juice.  We gotta rework it.  Yo, what’s up, General?”  

“Finally!  You’ve made it.  Quick into the command room.  We need to discuss how this will go down.

“Man, don’t worry, man.  I got this.  I basically turned an entire human population into a playground that I get to play in.  Except I don’t leave my house.  So fuck it.  I got this.”

Marshall turned around and started walking to the command room.  He saw the nearest bathroom that he could fack in or drop a football and also saw a young marine waiting there with a piece of toilet paper and a pen with the name “Todd” on his uniform.

“Aight so, what’s going down Gen?  How we handling this?”

“You need to be calm.  You need to understand that this is not to be taken lightly!  You have five minutes…”

Em cut him off, “Six minutes.  Six minutes.  Slim Shady you’re on.”

“No five minutes.”

“I promised my fucking critics, that I wouldn’t say fuckin for six minutes.  Six minutes.  Six minutes.  Slim shady, you’re on…”

“Oh we’re doomed,” the General looked up, “Mr. President, Eminem made it!”

The President was standing there with a huge smile on his face and a piece of toilet paper and a pen.  “Hello Marshall.  Nice to meet you.”

“Six minutes, six minutes…”

“I think he’s broken?”

“Slim Shady you’re on… I’m ready.”

“Great news, Marshall.  Let’s get you in contact.”

Marshall went up to the contact station and he spoke into the microphone.  “Ayo?”

The room went silent. 

“Hello?”  Said a suspiciously strange voice.  “Is this Eminem?”

A drip a sweat fell from his face.  He responded, “Eurghhh.  No.  This isn’t Eminem.  It’s Ken Kaniff.  Ken Kaniff from Connecticut.  Do you want to get a hotel room with me?  I’ll lick your alien balls and suck your big fat alien dicks until you make my planets explode.  I’ll melt in your ass you little alien boy.  Do you know what gerbils are?  Urerghhh.”

The call went silent.

“Rub my back.  Rub my back.  Rub my back.  Urerggh.  Wait.  Hello?  Urerghhh."

