It did not last long however. Yes, the Realizor's reality-altering effects were propagating quickly, and worldwide, but the effect was snowballing with each second. First it was just tiny cards gaining their actual effects. Needless to say, the first casualties of the effect were casual CCG players, who did not yet receive hitpoints themselves before the cards effects ended them. Along with the table, building, and in many cases, the neighborhood.  

Next, small objects. Lightsabers for one, laser blasters. Toy science fiction guns. Tragedies ensued as children who were playing with their toy laser pistols ended up disintegrating their friends right before their eyes. It took mere minutes before the first news reports about the situation aired, but by then tens of thousands of kids had perished... and thousands of playgrounds had become blood soaked or a smoldering crater.  

But the worst was to come.  

As the effect started to propagate further, first small children dressing up suddenly gained miraculous, or terrible powers. As the quote from the Green Lantern goes... "With great power, comes great responsibility." Well. So much for that idea. With some kids zipping around as Superman, Wonder Woman or Iron Man, smashing through buildings near invulnerable, and punching to death any pedestrian they saw as a "bad guy", adults started to become casualties in great numbers rather quickly. That was until the effect permeated to them as well. They understood - you become what you want to be. Your will drives your existence. Literally. And well, absolute power, corrupts absolutely. I understood as well, which is why I left, the moment I realized I could. Changing myself to an incorporeal sentience I avoided the brief finale. But I am not important.  

The final stage saw larger objects become affected. You'd think this wasn't so bad, with all the superheroes and supervillains the planet now had. Until you realize what kind of destructive concepts the human mind has fantasized about. I do not know which of those was responsible for the final calamity. Perhaps it was Star Trek's antimatter explosions. Perhaps it was the Star Wars Deathstar lasers, yes, plural. Perhaps it were the thousands of nuclear weapons from various postapocalyptic fantasies. Perhaps it was the sum of it all. But it was too much for the planet to endure.  

Sol now has a second asteroid belt, slowly stretching out into an orbit. The few survivors that could endure, that had the foresight to be able to not suffocate or be burned by the radiation of the cold inferno that is interplanetary space have since gone to Mars. A small colony is being established there. Humanity has been reduced to hundreds, if that. Will it endure the consequences of their own fantasies becoming real? I do not know. The effect persists, those affected cannot change anymore, cannot go back to whom they were. Nor can I, nor do I have the wish to. The price of wishful thinking has been high. But it has been paid in full.