I ran. I ran. I ran past the perfectly organized line of self-driving cars like metallic ants on some way to metallic 
colonies.

I ran past the wide smiles of the proud citizens in their well-proportioned bodies, the logos wide on the chests of 
their shirts, groomed hairstyles, perfect skin.

I ran past the big tall buildings powered by sunlight. Through clean cool air and warm sun and the sound of 
children's laughter.

I ran past the monuments fronting the gigantic universities where people go to study for free whatever they want, 
taught by great masters that were themselves taught by other masters, unveiling the secrets of the universe 
twenty-four seven, no worries about money, food, hunger, disease.

Misery and scarcity a thing of the past. A distant memory. A blurb in a history book.

I sniffed the tears and I kept pushing forward, feet after feet. My calves burning. My chest hurting. The sun 
shining. The grass green the air clean the clouds white the smiles honest the world… perfect.

I could be a doctor just by stopping this run. All I'd have to do is turn and enter the university and say the word. I 
could be a lawyer. I could be an engineer. I could just have kids and care for them and not even work.

We. Can. Do. Anything.

The minigames are over. The 'staying alive' games. The 'what if I lose my job' games. The 'struggle to make my 
dreams come true' games.

I reach the doors of the church, heart pounding out of my chest. I step in.

I stop by the confessional booth and I knock. Harry comes out.

"Father," I say.

He shakes his head. "That's not my name anymore. Just Harry."

"Harry," I say. "I'm ready."

"Are you sure?"

I hesitate for a second. Then I nod. "Yes. What is there to do, after all?"

Harry presses his eyes and nods, understanding. "What, indeed."

He takes me to a narrow room and he tells me to lie down on a gurney. A statue of the Virgin Mary holding on to 
dead Jesus stares back at me from the faraway wall. 

Harry brings the IV pole close to my arm and rests it there. "You'll feel sleepy."

"And then?"

"And then."

I nod. He slaps on latex gloves.

"Hey, Father…?"

"Harry."

"Harry. How many people have done it, already?"

"You mean here, in this church? Or worldwide?"

"I mean worldwide."

He pauses for a moment, and I think he's considering if I really need to hear this truth just before the end. "Over a 
billion," he says in the end.

"Yeah. That makes sense."

He rubs alcohol on my arm. He smiles. "Are you ready?"

Jesus and the Virgin Mary stare back at me. He looks peaceful. She does not.

"Why?" I ask. "Why this urge?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why are we all compelled to live in fantasyland? Things are perfect. Yet so many of us want to use the drug you 
guys offer. Churches, instead of becoming obsolete like we first predicted, have turned into drug dealing houses. 
Why?"

"What I'm injecting in you is not a drug." He pauses. "Well, it is, but there are no side effects, so you don't have to 
worry about your health."

"No, but you know what I mean." I swallow dry. The needle is ready. "Why do so many of us feel the need to escape from perfection?"

Harry follows my gaze to Jesus and the Virgin Mary. "I don't know." He pauses. "But if I had to take a guess, I'd 
say that old saying on idle minds is pretty relevant to our times."

"What saying?"

"An idle mind is the devil's workshop."

"What does that mean?"

He pulls my arm close. He points the needle. "It means, I think, that if there's nothing after the finish line, it makes 
no sense to aspire to finish the race. Because once you do… well, where do you run off to?"

I feel a pinch, and he presses the liquid into my body.

"Society," Harry says, as I feel my whole body tingle, "has no purpose. We don't live *towards* something. We just… live."

"And yet..." I say, but I can't put my thoughts together. Everything is a haze.

'And yet our brains are wired for problem-solving. For finishing tasks. For looking towards that finish line. That's 
how evolution made us. And it's a useful tool for day-to-day. Trouble is… what do you do when you find life's finish 
line?" Harry smiles behind a blur. "You wait around to die." His voice wraps around an echo, his features distorted. 
"Turns out that's not such a happy life after all, is it?"

"No," I say. Then I drift off.

When I wake up, it's in the drug-induced fantasy that over a billion of us have bought into already. A drug that 
tickles and tricks my brain into believing I live three hundred years in the past, at a time when we didn't know the 
secrets of the universe and we had to work to figure out the cure for diseases and ways to feed the hungry and 
stop the wars and the suffering of this world.

At a time when there was suffering and misery and ignorance regarding the universe and we had to struggle just to stay alive…

But, fuck, at least it wasn't boring like this world.

___

/r/psycho_alpaca



