In many ways I was still reeling from Pattie’s sudden and untimely death. She was at home watching The Office on Netflix, when she got up to use the bathroom, she slipped on some clothing and banged her head on the bathtub. When I got to her home, the ambulances had already cleared and only her mother and sister were left, holding each other.
That night I had an impromptu wake. By that I mean I drank a lot. Irish whiskey to honor her, we did some car bombs too. I don’t really remember much after that. I woke up the next day, fell out of bed, and hobbled to the corner store.

Steak and egg sandwich, hash browns on the bun, don’t be stingy with the sriracha. Oh, and one large instant coffee, extra sugar and baby laxative. On the house… they knew her too. They saw the way I looked at her. She wasn’t just my girlfriend she was also my best friend.

I took my food home, up three flights of stairs and collapsed on the bed. It was rare that I sat in the bed when I wasn’t sleeping. But to honor her I had a Marilyn Monroe breakfast. I ate in bed without bathing, smoked a cigarette laying on my back and wished that i was dead.

I must have fallen asleep because I had a very strange dream, I wasn’t in Kansas anymore.
I woke up on a cold beach. The water was green like the Atlantic but had waves like the pacific. There was a fog a couple hundred feet out on the water, and just past the dunes on the land. There were boulders scattered across the beach. I saw a figure approaching me, it had an ethereal aura. As if its cloak was floating an inch away from its thin frame. It carried a walking stick and it had a hood that shrouded its face. The only reason is thought it human was that it was bipedal. I wasn’t afraid though maybe I should have been. To me the figure seemed like an old friend.

I turned around as the figure approached and there I saw Pattie seated at a table. None other than Satan himself sat there. I knew immediately without a doubt that was who it was. Black suit with a silver chain leading to a pocket watch. White shirt underneath with a black tie. Satan’s face seemed to shift and distort. It felt like a very real dream. I could feel that it was him but I could not see the face. I could see Pattie clear as day though.
I sat at the table and death joined me. We didn’t say a word to each other. I looked over to see Pattie making eye contact with me. A single tear came to my eye as we shared a moment. Enough that Satan cleared his throat and said “let us begin, the game is ….. Settlers of Catan”.

What a fool you are Satan, for Pattie knew she could not cheat you or death. But we could both win by turning you against each other. A game of Settlers of Catan can ruin even the strongest of relationships. Pattie might dump me, but at least she would be alive.

“I’ll trade you 2 wood cards for one ore, that’s a fair deal” said Satan

“No”

“Oh go fuck yourself death, you don’t even need the ore you’re just holding it so that I can’t build a road” A little vein appeared on the part of Satan’s neck that wasn’t occluded.

“so what, that’s the game”

“Is this about the harvest ball we went to a couple thousand years ago, I knew that you weren’t really over her”

Death paused for a moment and seemed to tighten his grip on his cards.

“she got plenty of wood from me” Satan said while pawing through some of the road pieces next to the board.

Pattie and I shared a furtive glance. I could feel the wind picking up and the waves becoming more violent, the sand seemed to shrink in fear beneath our very feet.

“let us focus on the game, not petty squabbles fallen angel”

“the fuck did you just call me” Satan said incensed. “I am fucking Satan, bringer of doom, the great defiler”

“you’re god’s most high profile flunky, and a barbarian at that. Without me you wouldn’t even have a job” Death seemed to regain some composure.

“Oh fuck this and fuck you!” Satan flipped the table and with a pop me and Pattie were back at home.

I look over to her and spread my arms for a hug. She stops me by putting her hand on my chest.

“you really couldn’t have just given me that brick card huh? I had them”







