I was up late, as I had chose not to go to sleep. My covers were pulled up to my shoulder, and I was laying on my left side browsing Writing Prompts on Reddit. Mom didn't like me being up so late on school nights, but I didn't really care. 

 The lights were off, and the shadows illuminated from the many objects located in my room. The TV was on, and the "Press OK to watch TV" line had me tempted to press OK. 

After a few minutes of browsing, I decided to watch a bit of TV. I pressed the OK button on my remote. 

Oh hell no. 

A woman's voice, "STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE." 

Cold sweat, and my heart skipped a beat. 

I quickly exited out the message and hid under my covers for a minute, contemplating what the fuck just happened. Maybe it was just a prank. But on TV!? No, it had to be something more. 

 I grabbed my covers and prompt them over my body, and as if any alien creature was outside, I would not want them to see my very naked body. I grabbed my phone and quickly turned it on, seeing my "I love the illuminati 666" background, quickly regretting the choice of choosing it. 

 Once I got passed the unlock screen, I quickly opened up the Messanger app and tried to message my friend. Only then did I realize the internet was down. "Fuck. Me." was the only thing I breathed out. 

Running down the stairs and almost tripping, I see that Grandpa is asleep on the couch. Good, because if he was awake it would be a panicky shitstorm. 

I quickly raced to the kitchen, being wary of my pupper. Then I remembered about the black radio we kept near the stove. It was turned on, and instead of playing music...I quickly turned it up. 

"EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND." 

I'm about to faint at this point. 

I glance at my pupper. He is sleeping. 

I quickly race over to him and pick the little shit up, being careful of not bothering him. I did not expect Tobi to do what he did next, which was biting me on my finger. I gasp and immediately put the fucker down. 

I just about screamed out loud when I saw his face. 

Two completely red eyes, foam dripping out of his mouth, and blood pouring out from his nose. "Holy shit!" Hot tears formed in my eyes. I do a panicky climb up onto the counter, and slowly make my way over towards the cabinet where the knives were. 

I don't want to kill my pupper. 

But if this is rabies, then my pupper is far too gone. 

And if it is an alien invasion, then we're both fucked. 

Just as I was about to try and ninja my way out of the kitchen, I can hear growling coming from the living room.