When you open your eyes to an endless void, it's like they're still shut, making the simple act a futile gesture.  I realized this fact as I found myself enveloped in said void, wondering to myself what the hell just happened.  The last thing I remember, I was driving down Highway 41, a trip I'd made thousands of times before, and then...  This.

"Shit," I say to myself as the realization dawns on me.

I had fallen asleep behind the wheel.  I'm dead.

Suddenly, just as I had come to grips with my demise, a voice fills the void.

"Mr. Fischer?"

"Yes?" I reply, sheepishly.  There is nothing else I could say as I faced what I figured was my final judgement.  I waited for what felt like an eternity and a second at the same time.  Time has no meaning in the void.

Suddenly, the void was washed with a bright light, as thousands of balloons rained down upon me, with no source in sight.  A jaunty Herb Alpert tune played as the booming voice filled the air.

"CONGRATULATIONS!  You are our 100 BILLIONTH customer!" said the voice.  All I could do was stand there with my jaw on the floor as I took this all in.  Of all the ways I'd imagined death, I'd never imagined it being like a customer at an ice cream shop with really good timing.

"Wha...?"  I squeaked.  More balloons.

"And as our 100 billionth customer, you get a special prize that is, if you pardon my speech, to DIE for!  All you have to do is answer one single question.  Mr. Fischer, are you ready?"

"Yeah...?"  I said.

"What decision in your life would you undo?"

The music stopped.  The balloons disappeared and the void returned.

"I'm sorry?"

"I'm sure you have something you regret in your life that you'd like to undo." the voice explained. "Who doesn't?"

I thought for a while.  So many dumb decisions in my life, so many regrets.  So many things I'd done that I wish I hadn't.

But then it hit me.

"You know what?  I don't think I'd change a thing."

The voice stammered.  "Y-you don't want to change?"

"No.  Because you know what?  After every stupid mistake I've ever made, every wrong thing that's kept me awake at night and left me cringing at random moments, I've learned from them.  I've improved because of them."

"But," contested the voice.  "You could make yourself richer.  You could make yourself more powerful.  There's so much you could do with this opportunity that I've given you."

"I know.  But I've learned to live with my mistakes and the consequences they've caused.  And now that I'm dead, does it really matter?"

"Alright, alright, that's enough."

Another voice, kinder and gentler than the last, filled the void.  The first voice stammered.  

"But I was just-"

"OUT."

The first voice grumbled as it faded from the air.

"Sorry about that," the second voice said.  "It's his first day and he went off script.  Delusions of grandeur, y’know.  Now, if you'll just follow me, we'll proceed with your processing into the afterlife.  There's some folks here who'd like to see you.  One of them baked a pie."

My eyes started to water as I followed the voice to eternity.

"But hey, if this was a test, not saying that it was or anything, I'd say you passed."