The parents must have been unaware of the power behind their words when they invoked my name upon the baptism. Some pop-culture understanding of some facet of my power perhaps, but no notion that their words, spoken in jest, would wrench my gaze across the cosmos and into the mind of their infant son. 

The child was robust and blonde after all, and the father fond of boasting about his tenuous Norse lineage. They were alone in a new city with no family and they were young and impetuous. Who could imagine a time when they would not be there to care for the child? What a grand story to tell, that his godfather numbered among the gods. 

Thus I came to peer into the child's future and there I saw greatness. If only I could exert my influence on him from a young age, mold him to my liking, he could be truly remarkable. Across such great distance my influence upon the mortal lives of the boy's parents would be limited, and so I bided my time. 

The child was an unruly babe. It was as though he felt the limitations draped upon him by his unremarkable parents and longed to break free. Stricken with colic he roared through the night, allowing not a moment's rest for the mother and father. I watched from afar and delighted as their youthful veneer crumbled. 

One winter morning as the father kissed his exhausted wife and howling child goodbye I took my chance. The roads were slick with ice and the man had not slept properly in months; all it took was a little nudge. A bit of extra weight behind his foot as he hit the brakes on an invisible patch of ice and sent the car reeling out of control into the intersection. A glint of the morning sun off of the chrome hood ornament of the approaching semi truck, the driver blinded at the precise moment. The father was dead long before the jaws of life extracted him from the wreckage, his life freezing in brilliant red across the shattered windshield. 

The truth eventually slipped past the mother's exhausted disbelief. The child redoubled his nightly assault as though he were reaching out for me across reality. So close now. 

It was my whisper in the mother's ear that sent her in search of medicinal relief from her insomnia and heartbreak. Verily I implanted the kernel of thought, but it was through her own free will that she swallowed entire her prescription bottle of benzodiazepines along with a bottle of cabernet. As the feeling left her body, crumpled as it was in heap next to the crib, the child went quiet for the first time that night. 

And thus he is mine. He is barely a child anymore, now. His body grows tall and strong, and his mind is capable of great thought and calculation. A part of me lives still behind his crystalline blue eyes from whence I shall watch as he unveils his greatness upon his world. 