It's perfect, I thought, staring at myself in the mirror. I hadn't expected much, even though I read the entire label beforehand and followed the instructions to the letter. Of course, my shower would need a week's worth of bleach to clean up all the dye, but my hair was perfect. I'd have plenty of time to clean the entire apartment after today anyways.

I grabbed my keys and hurried out the door, although I wasn't sure why I was rushing. After 10 years as a teller at Rich&Richer bank, I wanted my last day to be memorable, and dying my hair neon pink would certainly help me achieve that goal. I was only going to keep it that color until I started my next job, but I'd been putting out applications since I got the layoff notice a month ago and still hadn't received a call back. Memorable hair was the least of my worries.

I stopped at the light, my thoughts alternating between what I was going to tell my landlord and how awesome my hair looked, so I almost didn't notice the little girl with the plastic fairy wings skip right past me into the crosswalk. Without hesitating, I reached out and pulled her back onto the curb as the bus zooms by.

"Ohmygod, kid, what were you thinking?!" I shrieked at her while adjusting my skirt, which suddenly felt uncomfortably short and frilly for a corporate dress code, much less saving someone's life. "You almost got killed! Didn't your parents teach you to look both ways before crossing the street?" But she just stared at me, silent. A lock of hair blew across my face, tickling my nose, which only made me angrier. "Look, I know pink hair is kind of weird, but you could at least say thank-"

"IT'S YOU!" She let out a joyous sob and hugged me tight around my knees.

"What?"

"The one I'm supposed to find. The one to take me back to my realm and save my father's kingdom!" Tears streamed down her face, but now I was really late to work. I remove myself from her grip and squat down until we are face to face. "Come on, you're like, 6. Who's supposed to be watching you right now? And what kind of stories have you been reading...." 

I trailed off. Stories. Story. My brain served up an image of the bottle of hair dye. What had the warning label said, other than "Keep out of eyes and mouth?" That's right - "May cause Main Character Syndrome". How ridiculous. But out of the corner of my eye, I saw the bus that nearly flattened both of us had pulled over farther down the street. The doors slid open, and men with dark suits and glasses stepped onto the sidewalk. One of them was holding a - what kind of a gun was that?

Oh no.

We jumped out of the way as an ultraviolet blast shot past and disintegrated the bench behind us. I grabbed the girl's hand - whose sparkly fairy wings now looked awfully real to me - and we began to run.


My first time, and on my mobile. Sorry.