They met on the final astral plane as it diminished towards extinction. Death's robe managed to shimmer despite its wicked darkness. Perhaps it was due to the light shining off of Life, her dress of sequin stars, a nebula in her own rite.

This was the end of the universe's story. The part where death finally triumphed over his old foe, right? Well, not exactly.

Life rushed into Death's arms. "Mort!"

"Vivian!" Death replied, embracing her.

And then, they laughed, and cried, for they had not seen one another in trillions of years. They had been one once, twin spirits embodying Existence itself. They were violently rent apart one day, perhaps as an excercise in fate. Between them grew the universe.

Life had searched frantically for Death ever since, blessing the universe with living beings, knowing that they would find death and that Death would take them in. Perhaps, she could follow them to him? Yet, every time, some unknown force kept her from finding him. Her blessed would die, and she could only ever catch glimpses of him, as if this new universe kept them from coexisting, as if they formed the North and South poles of the universe... and who's to say that that wasn't the case?

She comforted herself with the thought that Death wasn't truly alone, he had all of her blessed beings, little trinkets to remind him of her.

Death had frantically searched for Life as well, scrambling to collect everything he could that she made, hoping that it served as a breadcrumb trail. He could only ever catch glimpses of her though, and only when he arrived especially early to claim the children and infants. he began to realize that this rift, this universe, was keeping him from ever contacting her. It was as if they were the North and South poles of the universe... and who's to say that they weren't?

He comforted himself with the thought that if he kept collecting her creations, she would have a reson to go on, and that perhaps she wouldn't feel so alone.

And this had continued through countless rises and falls of species and civilizations, until, finally, they both felt the rift begin to shrink, gradually at first, but soon at a rate that was annihilating whatever creations Life had left. They both became frantic and excited.

And now, they were here. The moment they flew into each other's arms, they felt the rift, the universe, vanish forever.

"I missed you so much." The wept in unison.

"I sent you so many beings...." Life whispered.

"And I kept all of them," Death replied.

"You did?"

"Why wouldn't I? I built an entire mansion to keep them all in."

A door materialized next to them in the nothingness.

"I call it Afterlife, because I made it to help me chase after Life... is that clever, or just stupid?..." Death blushed.

Life kissed him on the cheek. "I love it."

She was swept off her feet by her eternal lover. "Would you like a tour of your new abode... *our* abode?"

"I'd love nothing more."

The door shut behind them and vanished them moment they entered Afterlife. And so, the universe was no more, and Existence was whole once again.