He stood there, holding an odd looking book, a smug look on his face, almost as if he expected something from me.  I'm sure my confusion showed on my face, but he started babbling at me in some vaguely Latinesque sounding mish-mash.  

I shrugged my indifference, and said, "Sorry man, I don't speak whatever language you're speaking.  Do you happen to speak English." I wasn't particularly hopeful--he looked pretty foreign.  I mean it wasn't *just* the pale lavender hair and bright violet eyes. Those were clues, but the extra arms were what really sold it for me.  Well that and the angelic-looking wings made of light.

I mean sure, when you wake up, you *don't* really expect to be walking along then suddenly *bam!* you're in some LSD-fueled art-deco room full of arcane symbols and about a million candles.  So this was all coming at me pretty cold.  But this guy stopped mid sentence, frowned at me, and then right back at it.

"No really, I can't understand a word of tha---whoa!"  I felt a sudden compulsion to obey the guy's commands--which might have been okay, if I'd had any idea what he actually wanted.  It felt like someone sticking a needle in your arm and promising to take it away if you made them a sandwich. Painful, but also just *weird*. 

It was at this point that I also noticed the headache. It was one of those that started behind the eyes, then climbed up inside your brain and started threatening to really wreck the place.  Not *quite* a migraine, but close-ish.

I started over.  "Look, I don't want to be rude, and I'm sure I can help you, but I *really* would like a glass of water and maybe a few ibuprofen--if you have it."  

He stopped his recitation from that book, the smug look slowly dropping from his face.  Finally he spoke something non-scripted, but if I'm being honest, it wasn't much better.  "Foul tempter, I won't listen to your requests!  You are here to do *my* bidding, not the other way around.  I'm prepared for your temptations, and I won't be swayed by them!"

He went back to chanting, and I sighed. As he chanted, my skin started prickling more and more, until it felt like a million angry ladybugs marching forcefully across my entire body.  With cleats on.  Finally I shouted.  "Look! I don't know who you are, or what I'm doing here, but can you just explain it to me?  I'm tired, this feels weird, and all I want is to go home.  Can we make that happen? What would that take?"

He stopped the chanting, looking annoyed.  He glanced at the book three or four times, then finally set it down.  Very carefully.

"Demon of the Unholy Realms.  I have summoned you here to do my bidding.  To grant me power and knowledge beyond that of my enemies.  Grant me this power, and I will return you to your Uncouth Hell."

"Do what now?"  I've been called some names during my life--who hasn't?--but demon?  That seemed extreme.  And while New Jersey is a bit of a pit, I wouldn't really put it down as an 'Unholy Realm' or 'Uncouth Hell'.  

Well...not most days.  Okay, not *every* day.  After all, some days I don't have to go outside.  But it's hardly representative of the rest of the world, and it was pretty clear this guy wasn't operating on the same mental playing field as pretty much anyone I'd met before.  Possibly not even the same mental planet.

He gave me a look that said that just maybe he was catching on to my utter confusion.  That lasted long enough to make me even more uncomfortable.  Finally he said, "Ah, this is pretty simple really.  Standard contract, you know.  I summon you, you grant me a portion of your power in return for your named price--often my soul, but negotiable--and then you return to the Unholy Realms whence all demons come.  Simple, straight-forward.  Except..."  he paused to lick his lips, "Except you seem confused by all this, and I can't imagine why.  I'm certain that I've done this correctly.  The instruction were not difficult.  So, demon, I ask you what are you playing at?  What is your temptation for me?"

I frowned.  Okay, so he recognized I was trying to show confusion, but thought it was fake.  The Bastard.  That's when I named him, in my head.  Moving on. "First off," I started, possibly showing some anger, "I am not a demon.  I am a human.  I'm from New Jersey, not, as you say, the Unholy Realms, though I will acknowledge that Jersey ain't the sweetest place in the world.  I would, however, gladly grant you any power you want if you'd send me home, but I *can't*.  I don't *have* any!"

This didn't bring the reaction I anticipated.  He *should* have either been more confused, angry, or possibly apologetic.  Instead he smiled.  What. The. Hell.  "Yes!  See a demon.  A Jersey Devil even!! That's perfect.  So we have an agreement? And I don't need to give you my soul?  Deal! Repeat after me and we're done: Isnh'gh so'slsi Argat'angh."

I tried.  I really did.  But, alas, my mouth *isn't*, and never was, made to produce those sounds.  I've probably misspelled whatever he said.  But he beamed at me, picked up his book, read a long passage, making it sound like the trippiest possible version of a Gregorian Chant, and just like that, I was...home?

Yeah, home, but for some reason I can just barely make out horns on a lot people's skulls.  Jersey devil indeed.

----------
^(more weird writing at /r/Epharia)

