Every child is born with a power, they have been since the dawn of man. Each human possesses a latent ability based on where they were born. For example, if you were born on a mountain, chances are you can run faster, train harder and break the limits of the normal human body, blessed by the gods. If you were born at sea, you’ll likely be a great swimmer, your strokes made in natures image, a dolphin amongst the waves. You might be born on a plane, that will get you the air-headed trait, not all powers are positive after all.

Less common are powers that allow for a physical manifestation separate from the wielder. The ancient stories tell tall tales of great beings that could shape the earth, grind mountains to dust, part seas, raise themselves from the dead or bring fertility to barren lands. Those days are long gone. 

Physical manifestations in the modern age are limited, Gaia’s energy spread thin amongst the holders following the explosion of human population. That’s not to say that powers aren’t still useful of course. Our power stations are fuelled by those born near Volcanos, their ability to manifest energy a lifesaver considering the twenty billion souls that need their lights kept on. Those born in the fields still have the touch of Demeter, able to accelerate food growth to keep us fed through the industrial age. Our skies grow dark, our forests thin, our waters polluted, but we survive.

Now we come to me. I have a rather unusual power, with an even more unusual background. You see, I was the first, and only, child born in space. It was an accident of course, astronauts can’t help but experiment and in zero gravity you never can quite tell where liquids will end up once you’ve given them momentum. Enough of the nasty deed and on to my quite wonderful power. As you can imagine, with me being the only space-born human I have inherited the strength of the cosmos. Born into nothing, I do not have powers of creation, but destruction. A less able-minded person might do something incredibly silly, fancy trying to take over the world? I didn’t think so. No, I have far grander goals. You see, my power of destruction can be manifested, split and maintained without conscious thought. I can draw in matter and compress it, crushing it, breaking it’s form. Can you see where I’m going with this?

Twenty billion souls populate this planet, and all of them produce waste. All of them need to clean their homes, their cars, their clothes. My dream is a world devoid of filth, the seas sparkling, the rivers running clear and crisp, the birds able to sing again without coughing through smog. People’s homes free from dust and despair, their carpets fresh and their hair dried without heat damage. I intend to make my vision a reality. Move over Dyson, your days are done.