I wondered firstly, *Is Whiskers some kind of ...advanced artificial robot?*.  I stared at the now tailless Sunny, lazily licking himself clean.  She seemed ...organic enough to be a real cat. My temptation to 'update' my cat became increasingly strong.  Since I wasn't given any information about what updates were in version 256.3, I tried my best to find out more information, but it was futile. A little less than an hour passed by and I gave up.  It wasn't like Sunny could possibly tell me anything about - 
"Sunny!"  Sunny's head bobbed up in surprise after my silence. "Do you want me to update you?"  
Sunny probably thought that I was yelling at her somehow, so before she jumped off my table, she ran across my keyboard.  The damage was already done.  One of her feet and pressed the Enter button for me.   
*Oh shit!* My initial reaction was to rip Sunny's tail - I mean the USB out from my computer, but I stopped myself.  As I watched the update bar slowly reach fifty percent, I thought, *...Maybe I should leave it.  There is probably no other way to find out what happens...*  
Once the updates were complete, I was instructed by the pop up to insert the tail back into the cat.  *...so now I have to get my cat AND plug the USB back into the cat?*  This was going to be annoying.
After many failed attempts to hold a cat down to correctly plug the USB in, I decided that I would stay up and wait for the Sunny to fall asleep.  Finally, when Sunny had eaten and groomed herself, I found the moment.  I made sure the USB was going to the correct way before I carefully put the tail back into the cat.

For a moment, nothing happened.  I waited and waited.  Nothing.  I was even tempted to wake Sunny up to see if anything changed, but it was late.  I was tired.  I went to sleep.  

The next morning I woke up to thudding noises in the hallway.  *What is that noise?  Did I just dream up everything about my cat?  What else do I have to do today?*  First I needed to address the noise. 

Looking along the hallway and in the bathroom, there was nothing I could see that was making that loud noise.  It sounded almost like... heavy feet... *the kitchen?!*

I ran downstairs into the kitchen, and to my horror, the entire kitchen was destroyed.  A huge mammoth feline was ravaging my refrigerator, the door was ripped off. 

In a small voice, I asked, "Is that... you?  Sunny?"

The mammoth feline looked down at me from it's great height.  She walked close to me and I could hear her breath from her nose.  I was terrified, but I didn't run away because I was afraid of it chasing me.  She paused at arm distance from me, staring at me, like she was expecting something from me.  

I took my last breath and I was about to close my eyes and face my -

The mammoth cat fell onto it's side and rolled belly up, purring.  The purr was so loud and rumbling.  She meowed, like her voice dropped.  

I obliged a gave a scratch behind her ear.   


