I kept stating at his picture. It was what I imagined true beauty to be. His smile was captivating. Those green eyes stared into my soul capturing my full attention. Every detail was perfect, down to the little gap in his front teeth. Every second i stared at his picture I could barely breath. 

I put the picture away and stared at my reflection in the airplane window. Soon I would land and see him in person. I knew we could never touch, never be together. But the thought of never seeing him in person was too much. I didn't care that meeting him would end the world, all I cared about was him. 

When the demon told me the deal, that'll he cure my mother for a cost, I didn't care. I needed my mom. She was my everything and what was happening wasn't right. I prayed and prayed. But eventually decided to ask the devil for help. I knew of people losing their souls but all I wanted then was my mom free from her illness. 

I never expected a demon to appear. He was handsome. Nothing like fiction makes him out to be. He already knew my request and was eager to fulfill it. His terms were different than I thought. I would keep my soul and be spared from damnation. The terms he gave seemed fair. 

She got better and I accepted the terms. I can never touch my true love or the world will experience an extinction level event. I never thought love would come.

As most people say, love comes when you least expect it. It did for me.  We met in a online chat room. We started talking and we had so much in common. He was the one who suggested a video call. When the call started I immediately lost my breath. I couldn't breath for 8 hours. Finally the call ended 5 am the next day. My smile didn't leave my face for a week. 

Over the next few months we talked. We gamed. We had virtual dates. He was the boyfriend I always wanted and I felt like the happiest guy in the world. It was then I realized he was the one I was meant to be with. And then the pain hit. 

I cried for a week; I didn't even get online. I couldn't face him and tell him the truth. It killed me. Every hour I would get a call. Just listening to his voicemails hurt even more. The love and care in his voice broke my heart. 

I decided to man up and call him. We talked for a long long time. I don't even know how long anymore. I told him everything. About my mom, my deal, and anything else I could think of. He just listened. I was sure he thought I was insane. 

Silence. That was what I heard after I had finished. I heard clicking and typing and then he spoke.

"Sam," he said, "pack your bags. I just bought you a plane ticket. You and I are gonna go on a trip."

"But if we touch," I started to protest but he stopped me. 

"I dont care. I love you. I want to spend my life with you. If it is true. And the world ends when we touch, at least I'll be with you."

So there I was. I looked around and saw all the fellow passengers. Knowing if I went through with this they'd all be gone. I knew it was selfish. I knew it was wrong. But I would never truly be in love again. And I had to do this. 

As the plane landed I said my goodbyes. I exited the lobby and there he was. Even more perfect in person. A smile crept across my face and I ran to him. After a long awaited hug we walked hand in hand ready to spend the rest of our lives together. 
