Queen Elizabeth the 2nd stood atop her balcony, gazing out onto the other grounds were many people were living in tents. Over the years the numbers had grown considerably, more and more became curious and then suspicious of her age. She was 124 now, the oldest person alive on earth and lived and in history. For a long while she tried to hide her age with top of the line and extreme makeup sessions, and acting like an old lady. When infact, she was still extremely fit and healthy, often exercising in secret. Newspaper centers and even the government itself were becoming suspicious of her age and she soon knew it would be a matter of time before her secret would be discovered, she had to act quickly. The queen had the unquestionable loyalty of her nazi brethren, who she helped infiltrate throughout the lowest and highest echelons of society. The queen organized a team of nazi special forces, suited and geared up with them and prepared a break-in plan. She lay the blueprints on the table with which she designed, showing the buildings specifications, after explaining the plan to the team they went to carry it out. Sneaking out the backdoor of Buckingham palace was easy, she had done it many times and there were also many other secret passages out of there. Soon she boarded a helicopter with her squad and proceeded to the top rated newspaper headquarters building who was also putting out the most conspiracy theorist pieces. 

Going down the ropes, she descended with her team and smashed through one of the top floor windows, smoke grenades and tear gas were deployed, injuring and obscuring the view of many journalists. The queen and team were safe with their masks and suit protections. As the nazi squad held the floor the queen and a helper scoured the computers and erased many of the hard drives and backups, she deleted many other things along with the conspiracy theories so as not to suggest this operation was solely for covering up her situation. On the way out the queen saw a woman on the ground with her hands on her face covering it, it looked like she had been injured by the tear gas, the queen kicked her in the face on the way out. The queen and team departed back up the ropes and into the helicopter and safely escaped. 

When the queen got back to Buckingham palace she made immediate plans to go to 10 downing street, one of the seats of government. There she would try and disrupt government plans to expose her, or whatever they're up to, as her spies had indicated. The event at the newspaper building would also provide a suitable distraction while she infiltrated the compound. The queen suited up in specialist spy equipment and gear, this was her specialty. She made her way stealthily near 10 downing street and made sure one of the guards and snipers to the side of the building were nazi's. She grappled up the building and carefully made her way to the prime ministers central office. The queen used x-ray scanning and found the laser alarm detection grid, and disabled it with her specific gamma ray and infrared specialty laser. It was an amazing tool recently developed by the nazi research and development team. She dislodged some of the roof tiles and descended into the room. If she did not have the specialty deactivation tool, she simply would have had a nazi disable it or she had multiple other tools that could do the job and multiple other ideas. 

Once inside the queen looked and scanned through the various documents and the computer, she kept her x-ray sight and senor activated to detect any incoming presence, and she could always escape in a suitable fashion or simply end whoever came into the room. Upon reading much on the computer and the various documents the queen finds out that the prime minister herself seems to be leading the hunt to uncover why the queen still lives and uncover more about her various secrets and operations she has completed over the decades. She knew this could not continue. The queen heard footsteps coming from outside and through her x-ray vision could see what looks to be a security guard walking through the hallway towards the door. She already has the intel she needed and already scanned the hard drive so she has a complete copy of it. She grapples back up the rope to the rooftop and escapes just quickly enough before the security guard walks in. She puts the tiles back and reactivates the security system and grapples back down the side of the building. 

She wanted to end the threat as soon as possible, and so with the continuing distraction of the event at the newspaper station, the queen journeys to west minister, the seat of government, where the prime minister was located she was informed by spies. The queen, knowing west minister to be too exposed on all sides, decides to sneak in by wearing a cleaners uniform and ID accompanied by a fellow nazi wearing the same disguise. She infiltrates the building and makes her way upstairs. She can see the prime minister all alone in her office, she enters without knocking while disabling all surrounding security remotely and starts sweeping the floor. 

"Uhh, sorry but i'm quite busy right now, can you come back later?"

The queen stops sweeping the floor and looks up to the prime minister. The minister squints to look at the queen, recognizing something familiar. The queen lifts her cap up to expose who she is to the minister 

"Queen...what are you doing here?"

The queen pulls out a silenced pistol from her bra

"Die, bitch" 

The queen pulls the trigger multiple times into the body and face of the prime minister. The queen walks out casually and escapes the way she came. She later frames two innocent cleaners, the usual cleaners of the house, set up to take the fall. One had an alibi and the other could not provide one, he was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole. The queen decided to lay low for a while before returning to her leaders. Days went by and in her public appearance journeyed to Transylvania where her leaders were. She made sure no one could follow there journey and left a double for the public to follow. Her and some nazi friends then went into the cave where her leaders were. 

Unbeknownst to the queen someone had followed her, a reporter, she kept low as she watched what was happening inside the cave. 

The queen told her leaders that she had quelled the growing concern of her age for now, and had killed the one responsible for spearheading it, she said she bought some time for the cause. 

"Gud..." one of the leaders in purple with a pig mask on. She speaks up again while holding a piglet

"We must accelerate our plan, hitler will soon be reborn"

She slashes the pig with a carving knife and it's guts spills to the floor. Another big dead pig lies dead on a table near her. 

"I understand, the will of hitler will be done then" the queen replies

"Gud...gud"

Then the woman in purple, a man in blue with a pigs mask and the queen all kneel down on the floor and pray to the huge pig statue in front of them. They continue praying for minutes until the group hears some rocks dislodge nearby, and see someone has infiltrated their lair. 

"Get them!" the queens shouts

The nazi henchman grab the female reporter and drag her in front of the queen

"How did you follow me?" the queen asks

"I...i saw you, back at the newspaper headquarters, i knew it was you...i recognized your unique perfume from our previous meeting...i...i followed you" 

"Oh you poor lamb" 

"Who are you..."

"I'm a nazi, i always have been, it was difficult during the war, i tried to help the nazis when i could"

The reporter was never seen or heard from again. 

Days later the queen once again stood on her balcony ready to issue a decree, or more a rally cry. 

(When i saw 2 posts about the queen next to each other i was inspired to do all that i wrote above for this post and then a continuing post in the other thread, but after writing a little bit i don't think i can go anywhere with it really, so here's that bit "Into the microphone she spoke 

"All knights, that have i created, you will come to serve me now in a time of war, this war, our war, against the world, for hitler is reborn!. (or will be reborn)

Immediately the brainwashing of all those knighted came to fruition and activated, all their resources joined to the queens nazi cause in conquering the world. "

Yeah, i think i just wanted to go for something wacky with this post. I'm surprised by how much i wrote about this.)