*fyi, i changed things around a wee bit*

*****

In movies, characters will see each other from across the room and know that they're soulmates. They'll say it was something about the way he moved, something about her eyes.

That, of course, is a big lie.

When you see someone for the first time at a party, they're already in a relationship. Or they're creepy. Or you make eye contact, and you think it might be something, but you never see them again and you spend the next week asking yourself why you're so passive.

That's how it goes. That's the true story of romance. People get into relationships when they know each other, or after one of them works to bring the other around, or accidentally when a one-night-stand goes long.

This was how I understood the world to work, right up until the night I met Evangeline.

This was at some houseparty in college. I couldn't tell you whose house it was. It didn't matter then and it certainly doesn't now. My buddy Jeff dragged me there because, quote, my life made him sad.

Cut to me in the very busy living room of a very small house sipping beer and bobbing along to some trashy EDM. 

I wouldn't say I was bad at parties, just not good at them. If you'd been there and you'd seen me, I wouldn't have stuck out to you as out of place. I'm not the guy who sits on the couch and pretends to be on his phone. I get in there and dance. It's just that while I'm dancing, I'm thinking that I could be having more fun back home coding, juggling, or knitting. Any of my hobbies.

So I'm dancing passably in the living room, when something very special happens. I ended up dancing next to a very pretty girl, and we made eye contact, and, somehow, neither of us looked away.

I can't really explain it.

Her eyes met mine, and I smiled at her, and she smiled back, and then we came to that moment when it’s polite to look away from a stranger. But neither of us did. Simple as that. We kept on looking.

There's an odd intimacy that comes from looking into a person's eyes a while. The poets say that the eyes are the window to the soul, and there's truth to that, but I think it's more.

When you look in someone's eyes, not only are you taking in one of their more startling features, you're also taking in their microexpressions. You're attuned to their momentary feelings of surprise, joy, embarrassment, upset. Everything. And all the while, they're seeing you with equal clarity. It's this mutual knowing that really makes eye contact mean something.

And this pretty girl and I, we just kept looking. We danced closer together, put our arms around each other, and moved our bodies in sync, and the whole time we kept on looking.

It became a game. We both knew how strange it was, but we sort of leaned into the ridiculousness. I'd turn my head away as though something had caught my attention, and she'd laugh. She'd lean forward, but tilt her head up to stay looking at me.

As I say, it was odd. But it was also very special, and from that night on we became inseparable, Evangeline and I.

We're soulmates. I really believe that.

We saw each other constantly from that point on. Given how intimate we already felt with one another, it would have seemed stupid for us to play the college dating game of purposefully waiting before responding to texts, or limiting ourselves to weekly dates. We didn't even really date. We just were a couple, simple as that.

We passed our third year this way. In the summer she went back to her family home back out east. She said she wanted to find a job near the college like I did, but that her father was keen on her learning the family business. She had to go home and work with him.

The "family business" was a phrase she used a lot, and with a lot more weight to it than other times I've heard people use it to refer to, say, a restaurant. I got the impression that her family business was a big deal. She was vague on the details. She described it as "medical adjacent".

Fourth year came around, and when I saw her the first time in September, there was something unmistakably different about her. I couldn't put it into words. It was something I felt when we hugged.

She felt cold somehow. Not physically, and not as though she didn't care for me. But cold nonetheless, in a way that got into my insides.

Her friends were there with us, and it took a while before we could steal away for sex.

Even while we moved together in our shared heat, I felt the coldness.

Afterward we lay in bed with her head on my chest and my hand cupping her hip. I asked her if something had happened while she was home.

"Something," she said.

My mind went to some pretty dark places, but she pulled me back.

"Nothing like what you're thinking." She kissed my jawline. "Just something with the family business."

Relived, I stroked her side. "Financial troubles?"

She shook her head. "Something to do with the succession."

"Succession? You're not secretly a princess are you?"

She stiffened a little. "Honestly? Kind of."

"You're kind of a princess? Are you like Prince Charles' love child or something?"

"Different kind of throne."

I sat up, a little abruptly, and her head flopped onto the bed. "Sorry," I said.

She sat up with her legs folded under her. "It's alright."

"So, like, you're the Princess of some tiny forgotten Kingdom or something? Like Andorra?"

For the first time in the year we'd been together, she was having a hard time meeting my eyes.

"Hey," I said. "Sorry. This is serious. Please tell me what's up."

She glanced up at me, then back down. Then she joined me in sitting up against the head rest. "My father is a sort of a lord," she said.

"Uh huh."

"But not like an English Lord."

"You mean like not ceremonial?"

"That's right. He's very definitely got power."

I chuckled. "Do you mean you've got, like, vassals?"

"More like drones."

"Drones? This is all very mysterious and confusing, Eve."

And then she came to a decision. Calmly, carefully, and patiently, she explained the precise nature of her family business.

After I'd gotten over my confusion and disbelief, after I'd drank some water and paced in a circle, after I'd asked her for the fifth time whether this was a weird joke, she gave me a demonstration. 

The demonstration involved her pet hamster Fuzzles and a very sharp needle.

"It's ok," she said, and inserted the needle into Fuzzles' neck.

His legs worked awhile and then went still.

It had all happened quite quickly. With a great effort of will, I kept myself from fainting.

"It's ok," she said. "Look."

She laid Fuzzles' body on the bedspread. She positioned herself over him with her arms out, palms down, fingers curled. "Don't mind the sounds," she said. And then a voice came out of her that was completely unrecognizable as her own. It was terribly deep and powerful. I felt it in my chest, in much the same way that I felt her new coldness. "NGNETH PHAZH P'K'TRRAU! N'RRAB NGYENT WATHE!"

She continued on in that vein for a while. I watched her with a terrible sadness in my heart. It was the sadness I can only imagine somehow feels after finding out their partner has cancer, as though a great, inescapable, inexplicable tragedy had descended on their home. This girl I was watching, my Evangeline, had clearly lost her mind while she was home. Now she was chanting and killing hamsters.

But then the hamster moved.

It twitched, it rolled, and it found its feet. Evangeline picked it up and nuzzled her cheek. When it came away, it left a bit of blood on her.

It had been dead, but now it was alive.

I can't say that it was out of any true inner calm that I reacted as simply as I did. I'm fairly certain I was in shock. "You're a necromancer," I said.

She smiled, and her eyes met mine, and I felt the strength of our bond. "I'm so happy you understand," she said. "What happened while I was home was, I succeeded my father."

"So now..."

"I'm the new Dark Lord." She placed her hand on my cheek. I'd never seen her look so happy. "My uncle will run things while I finish my degree, but after this year, I'll go home and run the nether realm." A shyness came over her. "And I'd like it if you'd come with me."

"So I'd be what? Your Dark Boyfriend?"

"You bet!" She laughed. "My Dark Dude. My Dark Guy."

Surely still in shock, I found myself nodding. "Why not?"