######[](#dropcap)

Ever since he was young, Luka knew that he was...different. 

Perhaps it was that when his mother introduced him to his friend George for the first time, he could see flashes of another face and another time, overlapping with George's face. One where he and George fought together, side by side, faces muddy, as they lay together in the trenches. In the end, George had died in his lap, coughing up blood, Luka furiously pressing a piece of useless cloth already soaked through with blood to his abdomen, uselessly trying to stem the tide. Tell my wife I love her. He could still hear the words ringing in his ears, could feel the way the body in his lap shuddered with the effort to say them, could feel the way the blood slipped through his fingers, as if the water from the well of life itself were bubbling away. 

But in this life, he is the only one who begins sobbing as he meets his best friend. George simply looks him, eyes wide, as if he is crazy. And so he realized, maybe he is the only one who remembered. Maybe he is the only one who cannot forget.

And then there was Mina. Lovely Mina, who he met on the first day of work this time around. Not on opposite sides of the war, two centuries ago. He had been a soldier, with orders to kill all civilians. She had been a girl who had seen him shot, and taken in him without regard to her life. For twenty days, he lay in a clean cot and had gruel for breakfast. For twenty days, he listened to her tales about about her people, watching her weave him a cloth shirt. And at the end, ignoring the tears in her eyes and the lump in his throat, he had left, leaving only a carved wooden hummingbird. He wished for a happy ending when he left. But when he returned five years later, after the war, to a ransacked house, he finally understood. You could have a happy beginning, or a happy ending, but not both. 

In this life, she wears a hummingbird necklace and is an ornithologist. But they are still not to be. She is happily married, with two beautiful children, when he arrives at his workplace on the first day. She doesn't remember him, and he quits immediately. 

He remembers Eden. He remembers soft grass and beautiful hips. He remembers sleek fur and smooth rocks. He remembers what it feels like to be loved. He remembers the feeling of pinpricked skin, of fangs sliding deep into the bloodstream, of coagulated blood. And her.  

There are no happy endings here. In all five thousand years of reincarnation, there never has been. He resolves to become an elementary school teacher. Perhaps he couldn't change the end. Perhaps, his own fate had already been decided in this life, when he was hit by a drunk driver and lost all feeling in his left arm. But in this life, he lives by a mantra. One seared into his brain and carved into his skin. 

&nbsp;

There are no happy endings, 

Endings are the saddest part, 

So just give me a happy middle 

And a very happy start.

*****

r/AlannaWu

