Seven hundred years after gunpowder changed the face of war forever, and now we're back to suits of armor, shields, horses, and swords was my only thought as I watched hundreds of armed DPRK soldiers fall with each cavalry charge. 


Of course Talos-class fusion powered armor is extremely different from that of the knights of old, with plating able to withstand anything but a plasma bolt or .50 caliber anti-tank rounds. I would suppose regenerative Aegis energy shielding is more capable than standard steel shields, and  Stallion hydraulic reconnaissance walkers are more versatile in the mountains of Korea than any noble steed from the old stories. This weaponry is  the greatest technology that our country had ever created, designed and manufactured by Merl Enterprises on direct order of High General Arthur Pen after the Korean Ultimatum of 2145. Created with one purpose in mind, the complete and utter destruction of the North Korean leadership and the liberation of both DPRK citizens and newly annexed South Korea, all without firing a single shot.



I watched as General Arthur Pen, the Dragon of the West, himself strode  to where our captured Korean general stood defiantly  against the mighty armored men With a few quiet words to the men around him, all began to kneel. With a few more, the enemy general himself knelt to receive the reward for attacks against the United States of America and Britain. In seconds Arthur drew a long saber from its scabbard, engaged the plasma edge, and removed the head from the enemy leader with a single blow. He announced that though this man had been summarily executed, clemency would be granted for anyone who surrendered within a weeks time, but once that period was done, all enemy forces would be killed. There would be no more surrenders, no more clemency, no more imprisonment, only death by beheading if one were unable to die on the battlefield.




Within hours the DPRK forces in southern Korea began to surrender, within two days all parts of the peninsula excepting the capital were in open rebellion, within six the capital itself was in flames as a coalition of U.S andreformed ROK army forces marched toward the Great Leaders palatial residence. And as I, Commander Lance Lucat of the Honor Guard, and my men stormed into the bunker's breach, we realized that the war was over. Joined by Arthur, my longtime friend, I strode to the corpse in the desk at the  back of the room. It had been dead for months, dying shortly after the invasion began in the our medics opinion. I looked at the flickering computer screen feeding out information about the state of the war from around the country, and then I looked at small sheet of paper beside of it. Written in perfect English, the note detailed a plan to prevent the encroaching Americans from ever fully winning the war.




 It detailed plans to shell ever city, every town on the peninsula, and after that detonate  the small nuclear arsenal in their silos. The writing was deranged speaking of destroying ones entire nation to make a point. At the end of the letter was a small notation in another's handwriting. A very simple "No" with the signature of the same general that had been executed earlier  that week. And Arthur wept, for he had slaughtered so many to reach this citadel, only to be outdone by the same man he struck down without a shred of thought.



Through steel and blood did the Korean Reclamation succeed, just as wars have been fought for centuries. Our technology may be infinitely more advanced, but our brutality was the same as the time of the trebuchet. We won the battle, but the cost was great.