I opened my eyes, puzzled by the harsh glare around me. Of course, it was only the sun - but you must understand, I had no memories to speak of. I was like a newborn, flailing helplessly in the face of a completely unfamiliar world. To me, the sun was completely new. 

Instinctively, I shielded my eyes with my hands, before regarding them with surprise. They were covered in a material I did not recognize, a color with a name that flitted away from me like wisps of of fog. 

I moved my head from side to side, the way a turtle flipped on its back does. Some gut feeling told me that I was not in a good place, and I needed to leave as quickly as possible. But how? I did not remember how to walk. 

Hearing my breath coming in ragged pants took me by surprise, and the pitch and pace increased until I was hyperventilating. I closed my mouth and swallowed with great difficulty. When I opened it again, a word fell out.

*"Leander."*

The name echoed through the forest, chasing birds through the trees and stirring leaves on the wind. Somehow, I managed to prop myself up and look around, my limbs as shaky as a newborn fawn's.

"Leander," I repeated, this time with more conviction. "Leander. Leander!" Who or what this Leander was, I didn't have a clue, but I knew they were important. After all, all things had names, whether they be assigned by beast, man, or the bright fragments of magic themselves. I dragged myself towards a nearby tree, marveling at the sensations of dirt beneath my fingers and the smell of grass. With considerable effort, I managed to support myself on the tree, and leaned against it, panting. Once more, I let the name slip from my lips.

"Leander."

Suddenly, a bright light appeared, brighter than even the sun when I saw it again for the first time. It was not the warm blaze of a hearth, or the cold glow of a will-o-whisp - it was simply pure light. From out of the light stepped a man, clad in white so pure it made all colors seem insignificant.

"Well," he remarked, "Congratulations, mortal. You're officially the first human to summon me to the earthly plane."

Of course, I could only gape at him, completely unable to understand his speech. 

"Leander," I repeated.

Leander rolled his eyes. "Yes, that's me. No doubt the summoning took a massive toll on your memory. Allow me to spare us both the bother of you relearning what you deem 'the basics'." 

He snapped his fingers, and I gasped as years of memory flooded back into my brain. How to walk, talk, eat, cast a spell - but to my dismay, no memories of myself, not even my own name.

Leander sensed my dismay, and smirked. "Oh, come now, you weren't really attached to those, were you? Trust me, you're better off without them."

I stared at Leander with something approaching sorrow, but I didn't have the name for it. However, the god ignored my pitiful gaze as if it were a mere dust mote.

"Fortunately, you were prepared for this eventuality, and you gave me instructions should you lose your memory of why you summoned me." Leander waved a hand idly. "The kingdom is under attack, no mortal can stop Salu the Dark, blah blah blah. Off we go, then."

"No."

For an instant, Leander's face showed something other than boredom. "What was that?"

"I said no." My voice was firm now, as was my stance. "You're going to help me find my memories, and get them back."

Leander regarded me with an expression that bordered amusement. "Your memories power your magic," he said, as if speaking to a child. "When you cast a spell, you lose them."

"So spells contain memories," I replied. "If I find the right people and take their spells at the instant they're cast, then I get their memories of me. That's close enough."

"And you're not bothered that they won't remember you?"

I shrugged. "I don't remember them, so I can't be bothered by it."

To my surprise, Leander threw his head back in laughter, wiping a tear from his pearl-white eye.

"I knew you were quite something when you summoned me," he chuckled. "Your average mage doesn't have the will to perform a ritual that bloody. But now? I see your heart for what it is - nothing but blackness."

"And?"

Leander grinned. "They do say opposites attract." He stuck out his hand. "Nice to finally meet you, Salu. We've heard great things about you on our plane."

I took Leander's hand, the light illuminating my veins as I clasped it. "Nice to meet me, too."