[Minor deviation as I skipped the part saying "you were born without emotions" and wrote it all beforehand]

*Bing* I scrambled to the computer to see what had come in; *heart-wrenching breakup*. It was the third this week alone, so I put it aside to deal with later. I was still getting over Kelsey having slept with Brad's brother who-knows-how-many-times before he came home to find Brad's necktie and jacket strewn across the kitchen table, which puzzled him until he found the trail of pants, underwear, and a torn button-down leading to their bedroom. Not to mention the complete and utter disappearance of Trey from Brianna's life. No note, cancelled phone number. And a baby left to take care of all alone. Brianna had dropped a couple of emotes in this week to bear with the pain and seeing her face through the monitor, I couldn't bear to reject the second despite the "once a week" rule I'd held so steadfast.

I couldn't see the full picture until I downloaded the emotion onto my mind-chip but it seemed to be left by some teenager. Teenage emotions tended to be the most difficult, as the pain was coupled with a lack of perspective that made it all the heavier to carry.

Somehow, I was still hopeful each time a new ticket was dropped in the box. Sort of like how Cleveland Browns fans still maintain at the start of each new game and season only to experience the same results again and again. Einstein had said something about expecting the same results without changing the method, but I was always an optimist at heart. Each new ticket brought the hope of some positivity, but alas, that never seemed to be the ticketed emotion.

Of course, these are no longer physical USB tickets. The project had since evolved along with technology. What was once a psychological experiment to help clients alleviate emotions by experiencing it with them through a then-advanced dream reader appropriately named ASE (or Artificially Shared Experiences). The machine was a costly investment in the late 2070s but proved worth it as the few offices which offered it became experts in the field of Shared Experience Psychotherapy. Patients, as we called them then, would simply attach their mindchip's USB ticket. I'd do the same, and they'd meditate on the experience for an hour. Sharing this experience fully with others proved to be calming, as they could observe our reactions and we could discuss the pain together. A form of group therapy that we could never achieve without the mights of modern technology.

But as we continued with the practice, more offices adopted the practice, and our once unique machine became standard. To stay prosperous, innovate we must. I called a friend of mine who specialized in mind augmentation, asking him a simple question which I'd grow to regret; *what if we could not only share the experience, but actually experience the pain for them?*

Surely, we foolishly assumed, the pain of one's experience could never be as painful for another. This way, we could minimize the full utility of pain experienced,  as the pain should numb as more emotions are accumulated. We were right and wrong- the amount of pain is lessened, but still rather monumental when compounded by the pain of so many others. 

And here I am today. 

*Bing*. I turn to the machine again, my naive hopes intact. For the first time in many years, I rush to attach my mindchip. This one seems different.

I close my eyes and smile. A new baby was born that morning to a first-time grandfather.
