I had been discovered at an early age, called an acting prodigy. I was two years old when I first got behind the camera. It was a Pull-Ups commercial and every one was impressed by how natural I was. I starred in several more commercials; Gerber baby food, Welch's juice, even a few commercials for Disney Channel.

It wasn't long before I was in movies. My very first movie was a Hallmark Christmas movie. It was your typical "Little girl believes in Santa, and with his help gets her family to join back together and discover the real magic of Christmas." Nothing spectacular, but I really got attention than. I was five, but people said my acting skills were far above my age. I was a natural, and acting classes had nothing new to teach me. 

I was soon in box office hits, though never a leading role. That changed of course when I turned eight. Suddenly I was leading in movie after movie. Along with that came more awards than I can count. When I was a teenager, people expected me to fall into partying, drugs, things that sometimes hit child stars. I knew better than to get into those things. I had fun, of course, but it was the appropriate fun for a sixteen year old. My favorite place to go was Disneyland, and even though I was hounded for autographs, I didn't mind. I loved my fans, and dealt swiftly with those who seemed....off. 

Headlines constantly praised me for being a role model. I wasn't trying to be, my whole life was acting, and all I wanted was to do that. Drugs, partying, all of that held no interest to me. I didn't even have my first drink of alcohol until I was twenty-one years old. Everyone constantly asked how I had done it, trying to guess why or how I avoided these temptations. Some thought my mom was controlling, she wasn't. Some said i was just good at hiding the truth, they weren't completely wrong, I suppose. No, I never touched drugs, at least not in this life. 

Yes, that's right, I had a past life. One I remember very well. The life was...troubled. I had been abused, bullied, on top of a horrible depression. But the one thing I loved, the one thing i was good at, was acting. I stared in a few plays, all local. But, my past still haunted me and I turned to alcohol and drugs.

I ended up killing myself, and overdose. The death was swift, just a moment of pain and then nothing. I remember seeing my body for a moment before standing in a large white room. It was the whitest white I had ever seen, yet it wasn't blinding.

A woman sat at a desk. She was beautiful, not a flaw on her. She also looked very stern, a look accented by her Brown hair tied up in a perfect bun. Lord, even her clothes were perfect. She didn't look at me, or acknowledge I was even there. I cleared my throat. 

"Excuse me, miss?" 

"Please wait there, Miss Jones," she said, still not looking up. 

"How did you know my name?" I demanded.

"All your questions will be answered in a moment," she said with a sigh. I had no choice but to wait, it seemed. I sat down on one of the few chairs in the room and waited.

"Please follow me," the woman said after what felt like an eternity, standing up. Her suit was as white as the room, and yet was somehow different. I followed her, burning with questions, though I knew better than to ask her. She led me down a long hallway. It was white like the previous room, the only color being the doors. They looked pure gold, with silver numbers written on them. 

At the end of the hallway was a gold and silver elevator, Inside there had to be about a million buttons, but they had no numbers on them. Like the rest of the hallway the buttons were silver, sitting perfectly on a gold panel. The woman got in and inserted a key. As soon as she turned the key the elevator moved upwards.

I opened my mouth to ask one of the many questions I had, but was stopped by a raised hand. 

"All questions can be directed to Adonai," she said. Who the hell was Adonai? I knew better than to ask, the woman would give no answers. 

When the doors opened, I was faced with another hallway, this one made of marble, pearl, and gold. The ceiling was so high I could barely see it. There was columns that adored the wall, stretching as high as the ceiling. We walked along the hallway, no sound but our echoing footsteps. There was no doors down this hallway, though every once in a while, there was carved marble depicting different scenes; a garden, a flood, a sea split in two. They all looked familiar, though we were walking too fast for me to really get a good look at them. 

At the end of the hall we reached a large door. Like the others below it was made of wood, however there was no silver numbers on this door. There were carvings on the doors, ornate with gold and silver designs. It almost looked like it belongs in an old french palace yet was far more intricate than any design I had ever seen. I was led through the doors before I could really look further. 

Inside was just as beautiful, if not a bit empty. There was only a desk and three chairs. Unlike the plain chairs from before, these chairs were large, comfortable looking. I sat down in one, prompting the woman to leave, her job done. In the third chair was a man, an older looking man with a kind, but weathered face. His white hair and beard almost reminded me of Santa Clause. He wore a white suit that was plain yet stunning. Unlike the cold feeling of the woman before, this man had a warmth to him, as if you could tell him anything and he would always listen, always answer you. 

"Hello, Miss Jones," he said. His voice was just as friendly and warm as his face with a strong feeling of power behind it. "I am Adonai." So this was the man who would answer my questions. I was glad, because I had plenty of them. 

"Where am I?" I blurted out. It had been burning in my mind much stronger than the others. Adonai's eyes crinkled as he smiled. 

"Heaven, of course." 

Heaven? That would mean I was dead. Oddly, this didn't upset me. I had died, which explained the pain and seeing my body. I was at peace with that, my life hadn't been the best anyway, but surely I didn't belong here.

"I think there's been a mistake," I said. "I wasn't religious or anything...how did I get into heaven?" 

"You don't have to be religious to enter heaven," he began. "You just have to be a good person. Of course, every one makes mistakes, we can't always be good, but as long as the good outweighs the bad, you're welcome here." 

"I was a good person?" I couldn't believe that. I was a druggie, I had disobeyed my parents, I hadn't always been nice to others, I couldn't see how I had been considered 'good'. I sunk in the chair. What if this *had* been a mistake?

"You can't think of anything nice you've done?" Adonai asked, smiling again. "Take a moment, think harder." I tried, but nothing came to me. When had I been good?

He touched the desk, revealing a monitor on it. It started to play out short moments from my life. The time I helped old Mrs. Johnson clean her house, the time I rescued a kitten from the cold, when I had given a homeless man my last ten dollars so he could buy some diner, thousands of kind gestures played, even the little things like smiling at a stranger. 

"See? You've been plenty kind, Miss Jones." 

I nodded. I could see what he meant, and maybe I was meant for heaven after all. It was nice to hear that after years and years of being told what a horrid person I was. 

"However, I don't think you should be here just yet."

My heart sunk. I knew it was too good to be true. I was going to be thrown back, or sent to some other place. I felt like crying, and would have if Adonai hadn't touched my hand, patting it. 

"Don't jump to conclusions, my child," he said. "There's a program we offer certain people, especially people who haven't lived their life fully. It's called the Life Plus program. It's a new program, and you're one of a few who get to go back and try again."

"Go back?"

"Yes. Back to earth. You'll be born to a new family, live a new life, have a chance to live up to all you should have the first time. You'll retain your memories of your past life, and your greatest skill or talent." 

It sounded amazing, and part of me wondered if this really was just a dream. I could start a new life? Maybe one much better than the one I lived. It was odd to think of being someone new, someone different, but I found myself agreeing. 

"I want to try it," I said, clasping my hands and settling them in my lap. "Do I get to pick anything? Or is it all predetermined?"

"You can pick your gender, but I'm afraid your parents and social status is entirely up to chance. Still, it's worth the risk, isn't it?" 

It absolutely was. A contract appeared on the monitor. Adonai handed me a stylus. 

"It's all outlined here," he said, waving to the contract. It was short, and very simple to read. The contract had a place to sign, a short description of the program, and three rules.

*1. Don't tell anyone about what you've seen. Likewise, you can't tell anyone about the program.*

*2. This is your only chance to go back, make the most of it.*

*3. If you do more bad things than good, your soul can end up in hell, despite being in heaven before.*

It made sense, so I signed the contract. As soon as I did, there was a blinding white light, and I was being grabbed by someone. 

"Congratulations, Mrs and Mr Goldstein, it's a healthy baby girl."