“Alexander! You backstabbing son of a bitch! I’ll see you in Hel, motherfucker!” My ghost yelled at the Greek, who had just stabbed me literally in the back. “Never trust a man who takes orders from the highest payer!” He laughed and did a mock bow at my spirit, which was the colour of the night sky. “I’ll kill you and your fucking nobleman the first chance I get!” I scream as I begin to float upwards against my will. “Ah, you’d kill your brother?” He winked and waved me goodbye. **”YOU THINK I FUCKING WON’T?!”** My last words of that last life. What a quote, hm?

As I fell through the cosmos to the realm of Hel, I was greeted by Thanatos, the Greek god of death. He wore a massive cloak and wielded a scythe taller than me. Beside him was a figure I could not particularly fathom. It seemed to be real and unreal at the same time. Around me were many other spirits, some the same infernal colour as my own, and some so light as to almost be like stars. “Ah, Mister Åkerfeldt? Of the Varangian Guard?” Thanatos asked. “Ja, that’s me,” I state. “Good. Follow me. Lucifer shall guide the other spirits,” I follow Thanatos, who leads me to the very gates of the Palace within Hel. After leading me to the throne room, I kneel before the Goddess Hel. Half of her was a deathly pale woman, with ashen white hair and a piercing blue eye. The other half was the face of the long dead. Her dead black eye peered at me inquisitively. “Lady Hel,” I state. “Captain Åkerfeldt… I take pity on those unjustly murdered, and your deeds would have earned you a seat in Valhalla. I shall offer you a spot with the Thanes of Hel. Would you accept?” Her voice is soft, like the whisper of the wind through a fjord. “Ov course, my lady,” I say. “Thanatos, dear, be so kind as to lead him to his chambers?” The cloaked man with the scythe nodded. I rose, and followed him. I must’ve moved too fast, because I stepped on the end of his cloak. It fell off as he walked ahead, and he had a strange article of clothing (what I later learned was a hoodie) displaying the Danish flag. I gasped. He smacked me with his scythe. My spirit fell out of Hel, back through the Cosmos, all the way down to Midgard. I landed perfectly into my body. 

“I curse thee,” the sound of Thanatos’ voice filled my head. “To never experience the feeling of death. You shall never find a place in Valhalla, Fólksvanger, of Hel,” I opened my eyes to find that Alexander had not taken anything from my corpse, nor had I been buried. As I slowly sat up, one single thought went through my mind. *’Kill those bastards.’* And that was just what I did. The look on Alexander’s face when he saw me tackle him was priceless, I tell you. I found my brother in Denmark, later on. He was a jarl, before I sent him to the hall up high. 

After a while, though, it started getting boring. Next thing I knew, technology advanced like crazy. I didn’t know what to do with my time, but I eventually learned to play the guitar. I decided the best thing to do was to form a band. So for now, I’ve got Opeth to keep me occupied. Should be fun, until I inevitably have to move on. 