*Click*

"Well then."  There was a gun in my face. This was a new twist of events in my nightly ritual of scaring monsters from under my daughter Libby's bed. 

Behind the barrel of the gun was a frightened looking Asian man covered in tattoos.  Distantly I noted that he was screaming at me in a language that I didn't quite understand, speckled with bits of English that seemed to be swearing. 

"Excuse me, slow down please"  He screamed at me and waved the gun violently.  I put my hands up defensively and Libby giggled behind me.  I imagine I looked quite funny, laying on my side peering under her bed with my hands put up in front of me like some weird rabbit.  At that point I was just happy my seven year old hadn't seen the gun.  

The man spat another string of his language that seemed to inflect like a question, too bad I didn't understand him.  When I shrugged he pressed the gun at me and then, defeated by my stupidity apparently, he fell back against the floor, staring into the underside of the twin waterproof mattress.  

While he was wallowing in self pity, and muttering to himself, I was still coming to grips with the idea this was really happening.  He was quite young it seemed, probably early twenties with well groomed hair and a clean angular face.  His tattoos were clearly visible on his bare arms and I could see the lines of others under his tank top, on the bottom he wore suit pants, and I could see the sheen of patent leather shoes from the foot of Libby's bed. 

Suddenly he was slammed into the mattress, underneath him half of a person had appeared, the other half was somewhere beyond the realm of my upstairs floor.  The new man apparently realized this and started screaming, this caused the first man to start screaming and cursing and brandishing his gun.  Without thinking I reached in and shoved the man on top, he didn't move much but it did earn me a light tap with the pistol as he swung his arms around to maintain his balance.  Under him the other man was still screaming, his eyes were wide with pain or fear, I wasn't sure, but probably both.  I was at a loss until the screaming man pulled his fist back into oblivion and slammed it forward, punching the angry man in the kidney, knocking the wind out of him.  Taking my chance, I shoved the stunned guy off of his screaming assailant and I reached in to take the now reaching hands.  

With a kick I spun myself on the wooden floor to brace my feet against the legs of the bed frame.  Internally I counted to three, listening to the strained breathing of the first man as I pulled the second out of my floorboards with all my might. 

---

His name was Kenichi and he spoke perfect English, when he wasn't screaming and punishing his subordinates. 

After I had pulled him from under the bed he had proceeded to vomit and attack the younger man, a little bit at the same time. Needless to say, my daughter's room was a disaster, for which Kenichi had apologized, while the younger man attempted to staunch a nosebleed that was dripping onto my floor.  His name was Makoto I had learned through a jumbled introduction, and what I had assumed was an apology for waving a gun in my face. 

Now we sat at my kitchen table drinking tea, me in stunned silence as Makoto made monkey faces with Libby and had even given her permission to address him familiarly. Kenichi sipped his tea peacefully at the table.  Neither had any idea how they had gotten under my daughter's bed in the middle of Virginia.   

Kenichi had identified himself and Makoto as Japanese, and without saying he was clearly the younger man's superior.  He wore a tailored suit in a dark gray and a black button up closed to his throat, the tie was missing.  While he sipped his tea I noticed tattoos similar to those on the younger man peeking out from under his sleeves.  As if hearing my thoughts Libby turned her large blue eyes on Makoto.

"Mako-kun, did those hurt?"  Her small hand touched the tail of a dragon on his wrist and he looked to Kenichi for a moment and spat out a string of Japanese.  The older man looked like his disapproved but he translated the question and Makoto's response.

"Yes, they hurt because instead of a quick needling gun, we use sharp sticks to put the ink under our skin.  The process is very painful, and can take many years to complete."  Libby looked at Makoto in awe as her eyes darted along his covered arms and throat. 

"Do you have tattoos everywhere?!"  Kenichi almost spat tea on me and Makoto turned an attractive shade of red when he was asked in a way he could understand. 

"No Libby, he doesn't yet. But eventually he probably will."  She looked at Kenichi and at his suit covered arms and neck.

"Mr. Kenichi, do YOU have tattoos? Mommy has a couple, she has one on her.."  I managed to reach across the table and put a finger across her mouth.

"TMI baby."  Kenichi was laughing again and I fought the urge to crawl under the table.

"Yes Libby, I have many tattoos."

"More than Mako-kun?"  He nodded his salt and pepper head and Libby went silent with wider eyes than before, if that were possible.  

I took this opportunity to tell her that it was late and that she needed to go curl up in my bed.  It was still a school night after all.

When she had been tucked in I sat back at the table with my uninvited guests.  Both had lost their friendly overtone for the most part, and looked completely businesslike when I returned.

"So.  What are we going to do gentlemen, I can't have Japanese gangsters appearing in my apartment in the middle of the night."  Kenichi smiled, like I imagine a shark might.

"And why not?  I'm sure we could compensate you handsomely for providing a safe house for us?"  

I snorted.

"I must look like a moron.  You came out from under my daughter's bed. YOU!" I pointed at Makoto and he recoiled like I had bitten him. "YOU! Could have KILLED us. No, Kenichi, I don't think that will work for us, I have Libby to think about.  I'm sure you understand."  I wasn't sure, I was talking out of my ass.  These two could easily get rid of me, and Libby. 

"I assure you I understand, but, I can't have you just running around without supervision.  I'm sure YOU understand my concerns."

"You think I'm a snitch."  He tilted his head.

"It would be irresponsible of me if I didn't."  I could understand that.  Loose ends were a no no for these people.  But he also wasn't heartless, and didn't really want to hurt my little girl, or me. 

"You see Holly, my hands are quite tied."  

Makoto muttered something in Japanese and Kenichi looked thoughtful.

"That may work.  Holly."  I perked up from my thoughts of having a revolving roster of Asian mobsters in my apartment.

"What if I bought out your lease?  And then gave you enough to live comfortably away from here."  There was a catch, that was too good of an offer.

"I would love that, but what's the trade Satan?  Seriously, that's a devil's offer right there."  He laughed loudly at me.

"I like you, it would be a shame to kill you.  Especially since you could have easily called the police while I was stuck in the floor, and you helped me instead."  I hadn't really thought of it that way, but I knew the offer was still bullshit, and full of holes.

"Cool, I like you too.  But that didn't really answer my question.  That is a lot of money to just give me because you like my jokes and think my kid is cute."  I sipped my tea, it was cold now. 

"Fair. You would be required to live with a guardian, one of my subordinates who will be there for your protection."

"And to make sure I don't run my mouth."  I took another sip of my gross tea feeling like I was in an epic face off in a spy novel.

He nodded with his shark's smile.  

"So?"

"I don't have much of a choice.  That's the best option by far." Another nod from him.

"Where would you and Libby like to live?"

---

The view of Vienna was breathtaking.  Flowering trees and lush blooming plants lined the bustling streets.  Brightly dressed and laughing people skipped down the sidewalks and the smell of flowers and coffee wafted from the shops below our new home.

After a month of planning, and a whirlwind of new faces, courtesy of Kenichi,Libby and I had arrived to a fully furnished two story apartment in the heart of Vienna.  The furniture was light wood and covered in intricate carvings and soft pale cushions.  Libby's room was a masterpiece, with fantastic murals covering we walls and a bed fit for a princess.  Kenichi had really outdone himself.  

A knock at the door signaled the arrival of our guardian and keeper.  I assumed it would be a woman for the sake of propriety, so needless to say I let out a small shriek when I opened the door.

"Sup."  Makoto leaned against the door frame, a bag slung over his shoulder.

"Where's my room?"

---


Thanks for reading! Any comments are greatly appreciated!