I don't date often, and never a place this nice.  However, it was a first date with the girl of my dreams.  Sarah had sat next to me on my first day of Psych 121.  Her long legs and bouncy blond curls, combined with a quick wit, I couldn't imagine a greater girl.  It had taken me ages to ask her out, but when I did, she'd immediately said yes.  We'd decided to meet at "Chef Louis", something about how she never told a first date where she lived. "Chef Louis" was a supposedly French restaurant. A culinary student had gone to France for a year and came back and built it.  It was a very nice place even if all of the accents were faked.   "Bonjer, bonjer", the waiter said as he approached the table, "Are we dining alone this evening?"  "No, just waiting on my date," I replied.  "Ahh, of course.  Shall I bring you a drink while we wait for her?"  I ordered a water.  When he brought it I told him, "Go ahead and wait until she gets here, and we'll probably get an appetizer."  He nodded in a snooty fashion and disappeared.  Not less than a minute later I heard, "I hope I haven't kept you waiting."  She appeared from behind me, slipping off an outer jacket to reveal a creamy white dress coming halfway up her thigh, complemented by her white  stilettos.  "Not at all" I replied, had I been quicker I could have gotten her chair but she was already seated and we struck up some witty banter.  She was going to college for her psych degree, which she intended to kick into a psychiatrist practice after the rest of her schooling.  I talked about wanting to travel around.  Time seemed to stand still.  
Then, as if to ruin everything Fred showed up.  Fred is kinda my "imaginary friend", a 6 foot tall penguin.  The difference is that most people don't actually see their imaginary friend, I can't stop seeing Fred.  My folks took me to all kinds of shrinks growing up, and they where all baffled.  However, since I know that Fred isn't real, they all told me to ignore him and to live a good life.
Fred had decided to cause trouble, he started clapping.  He clapped and took a step closer to Sarah, as she rattled on about her roommates.  I honestly wasn't listening anymore I was trying to get Fred to stop, without seeming crazy.  He kept clapping and getting closer, clapping and getting closer, until he stretched out his stupid flippers and clapped right in her face!  She flinched.  Not a serious flinch, but I saw it.  Like you knew it wasn't real.  She saw me notice, and got upset.  "Sorry about that," she said.  "What were you flinching from?"  She replied, "do you know why people become psychiatrists?  Because they have issues they want to resolve."  "Ever since I was young, I've seen a hallucination, and it just clapped in my face, so sorry about that."  I sat in stunned silence.  "I'll understand if you don't want to stay," she said sadly.  "What does your hallucination look like?"  I asked.  "He's a 6 foot penguin named Fred." She replied.  I pointed to Fred, who had taken a seat, feeling proud of himself, "is Fred sitting right there?" I asked.  She nodded.  Over the next half hour we determined that we both saw Fred, the same Fred.  We started laughing about his  shenanigans from our lives, which were remarkable similar.  After a while I was feeling really hungry and started watching for that snooty waiter.  Sarah didn't mind, she said that it just gave us more time to talk.  Eventually she asked, "so, what's the deal with the penguin?  I don't particularly like penguins, why is Fred a penguin?"  I didn't have an answer, and if I had I would have forgotten over how hungry I was.  "Let's get out of here, this place has shitty service."  She agreed and we headed for the door. Halfway there she realized she had forgotten her jacket, but thankfully Fred had grabbed it.  We went down to a local pub and enjoyed the evening.  We walked through the park and eventually we ended up at my place.  She was even more beautiful without the dress.  When I woke up she had headed home and I knew that this was the start of something beautiful.