The Annual Clean Up of Earth they call it. A fruitless endeavor to reclaim a wasteland I call it. It's just some misguided attempt to restore something of a common home for our species. It wouldn't work of course. Not because symbolical gestures couldn't restore the Federation. No, it's because these days earth is synonymous to garbage these days - and Earth fits that description to a T. It's impossible to restore this heap of earth. You'ld have an easier time terraforming another planet. Regardless, this years "honor" to go to the planet and do some spring cleaning was mine. Lucky me. At least I got some helper drones with me.

I was digging through a particular disgusting mountain of rubbish when I noticed I was atomizing miniature data storage devices. I immediately stopped. The rubbish may have been worthless, but artifacts from before the carbon crisis were worth a fortune and a half. I rushed over and was relieved to see whoever left these left thousands of copies in the same place. I took a couple with me to the shuttle and analyzed their contents. I discovered it contained a program, a game realized. Incredible! We haven't had video games in centuries! Discovering one from the golden age of games was a miracle! And I could finally quit this earthly job...

But first, let's take a peak at this thing. I was getting excited. The first person to play a video game in 250 years! I had the replicator fashion a controller and started the game.

...

After about 20 minutes of it, my excitement was gone. The story was badly written, the play monotonous, boring and time consuming. To top it off, it was full of bugs. What kind of loon would enjoy this?

I returned to the pit, the cartridges in hand, and continued vaporizing everything. Now, having played "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", I understood why we abandoned games. I never hesitated again when I found another one. Who knew what poor design went into these, and I didn't bother to find out when I encountered copies of "Deus Ex", "Bioshock", "Skyrim", "Tetris", "Farmville", "Civilizations" or any other one. 

Games. Pft. Just like Earth.