The child started crying, the dad's yelling got louder, it made me mad.

Humans think demons are beings of pure evil, they think we are made to destroy all that is good. But that couldn't be further from the truth.

Humans and demons are actually quite similar, we both are creatures of desire, creatures of greed, creatures of *power*.

That's where all the misconceptions come from, power. Where humans allow the powerful among them to deceive the rest, demons are transparent.

Hell is a society built on power, just like Earth is, but in Hell, everyone knows.

I was summoned here to Earth, as I usually am, by someone wishing for power.

But this one wasn't like all the others.

I'd appeared in the room, ready to fight, ready to chase, ready to destroy, but instead, I was met with an innocent 5-year-old boy.

At first, I was confused. How could a child even summon a demon, what power could a child want?

Then I heard the angry screams.

The boy's father, obviously drunk, ambled down the stairs, screaming at the little boy. The pale-faced child teared up, and I understood.

He wanted the power to stop it.

He wanted enough power to make his father *stop*.

I was a red-skinned, flaming, horned creature. And yet to the child, I still wasn't the greatest monster in the room.

The father barged into the living room, throwing a beer bottle against the wall, and immediately looked to his son. An angry grin grew on the man's face as he walked toward the crying child.

The vulgar excuse for a human being reached for his child, not out of love, but out of greed, and was cut off. 

The man's expression changed again to rage as he looked up at me. His mind was muddied with alcohol and abusive thoughts, and he spat directly in my face.

"He's *mine*!" The man growled at me, a possessive edge in his voice that no being should have over another.

I pushed the man back, forcing myself between him and 'his child.' The irate father moved on me again.

As I was being charged down by a creature much weaker than me, but much more vile, I was reminded of my home.

Just as in Hell, this relationship was controlled by power. And unlike other human relationships, the child knew.

The father had the power, but the child wasn't ignorant, he knew he was being abused.

I pushed the man back again, my face showing no pride or arrogance, only disgust. I looked back to the child I was protecting.

He'd stopped crying, his hurt, wet eyes were now staring at me in wonder.

I couldn't help but feel deep empathy for the child, and with increased determination, I stared back at the father.

That child had summoned a demon, but staring at the greedy, sinful man trying to grab him, I knew.

He'd been living with a demon all along.

---

*Evil* from the Bookshelf of the Gods. /r/BoTG

&nbsp;




