"Well, crap," she announced. She was, unmistakably, a she, despite the lack of apparent sexual characteristics and the black, chitinous carapace, and the eyes, which i tried not to look too closely at. She wore no outer garments, save a tattered, yellow-white apron with the words KISS THE KOOK printed across her ample tum in what appeared to be smeared, partially-dried pitch.

"You're a demon," I said. It seemed the only thing to say.

"Oh, brilliant deduction, asshole. Yeah, Belezum, regent of the fifth citadel, sucubus, tempter, and," her voice dropped in embarrassment, which made it all the more unnerving, given that it sounded like a swarm of particularly irate bees to begin with, "hospitality assistant."

"Come again?"

"Look, it was supposed to be a package deal. We thought that, what with the slavish devotion you apes show to your biological needs, that you'd be as interested in getting food on the table and a fire going in the hearth as you would be in finding a woman. Who knew that sorcerers would be such a bunch of slobs? Half of those fucks died of malnutrition while wealthy beyond their wildest dreams and practically swimming in hell-sluts, cause they'd just heat up whatever they found in the cellar and eat that. So only the sex-part stays in your stupid spellbooks."

"I was just trying a cake recipe . . ."

"Of course you were, assbut. And listening to your gramaphone or whatever, and feeling warm and at peace I'd imagine."

"It's called a radio, actually."

"Whatever. Point is, I wouldn't think a clod like you had the wherewithal to summon me on purpose." She examined herself, all four feet of her, with evident distaste. "Look at this. Round as a fuckin' matron, no tits, this is the worst. Pitch and brimstone, I miss my other aspects already." She glanced slyly at me, from the corner of one seething, strange eye. "I don't suppose you'd rather see one of my more . . . seductive forms? They're far more pleasant to look at or . . . ."

"Thank you, no. I just wanted cake."

"Well, you're using half again the flour you need, dickplow." She sighed, and it was like the hiss of a suddenly leaping flame. "Move over, we can still salvage this mess. What's this garbage on your ray-dee-oh device anyway?"

"Led Zeppelin." Huh. Guess those talk-show preachers in the sixties had been on to something.

"It's shit. Let's get this batter sorted. I'll need two more eggs, and you'll have to double up on the frosting, but the sooner the whole mess is to your plebian satisfaction the sooner I can go."

"Do I get my soul dragged off somewhere when you do?"

"Nah, it's long-game. When you realize that you can't hope to bake as well as a force of hell can, and come to depend on me, then that bit kicks into high gear. Fuck this music is awful. Singer sounds like he's fucking a dog, but not even ENJOYING it, y'know . . ."

But she hummed along to 'Whole Lotta Love' as she worked.