My hands rub the shiny penny. The residue left on my hand leave a dull color. As I stand up, I look around me, before I pocket it. Sometimes I’m able to catch whosever dropped it. I like them to see them shuffle on mindlessly not knowing they dropped a little bit of treasure. I smile to myself as I feel it in my pocket. My shift at work today was draining, and I’m glad for its end, I’m glad to enjoy the remnants of the day, and to feel the warm sun on my face as it begins to set.

I continue to shuffle on home. My apartment is on the 12th floor of another New York building. *The Centennial* reeks of mildew, old sex, and broken dreams. I continue to feel it in my pocket, it is still there as I walk down into the subway platform. I’m holding on to it so tightly that when I need to grab my Su-Pass, it lies against my palm, I chuckle to myself as I begin to head home, looking at the concrete walls that streak by as the subway excels. 

I remember now what brought me to this city. I came here like everyone else, chasing what I thought was the dream, and now that I am here, I realize that I don’t have one. I have no goals, no ambitions, no anything really. Upon moving here, I began to collect these pennies, and I felt as though I’ve been assembling a history of all those who pass me every day. In a way I have become a celebrity to them--I touch a piece of their lives in a secretive way. Collecting these stories, these pieces of people has made life a bit more bearable. I shuffle down two blocks and take the rickety elevator. On some more darker days, I wish the damned thing would just topple, and finish off this pallid existence I cling onto. My hand turns with the key, and I enter. By city standards, my apartment is standard. The desk lies next to the window, so I can occasionally turn to look either at the brick wall straight ahead, or the little alleyway down below in which scrupulous men frequent. The bed creaks often, but never the way that I like. There are only a couple of lights in the small studio, and the small lightbulb hangs above the sink in the bathroom, there is no mirror. I know my beard has gotten long just by running my hands through it. The city continues to rustle and vibrate, as I sit on the bed. I grab the small penny, and move to my desk, and I swivel in my chair, I turn on the light from the bright bulb and look down at the penny. As I begin to move my fingers off the penny, I see the year, 20. 2044? What? That’s impossible. Perhaps it was an error, and it was supposed to be 1944. Maybe, I look at the picture. Its me. The person I see in the mirrors lining the subway. When I forget to dart my eyes away when I use public bathrooms. It is my side profile, with my jutting nose, and a beard that has been closely cropped. My hands begin to shake uncontrollably, and my breathing becomes erratic. I put my hands over my face, and begin to rub, and I take them away. I put the light closer to the penny and look again. I see it right, right there, the year 2044, and my face on the coin. I switch off the light and try to sleep, I can’t even wrap my head around what exactly has happened. 

The minutes begin to crawl as the sky darkens, and the gray haze begins to fill. A sharp rap reverberates in my small room. Ive paid my rent, I don’t talk to my neighbors, I don’t talk to anyone. I don’t get up, I don’t move—I hear it again, and the nerves along my spine begin to splay and chill. 

The voice begins, “Mister, I need something from you. I think you have it, I need it back, and and…”. Her voice is small and floats into my room. I get up, the bed creaks— in this quiet it sounds like a mine explosion, they know that I am here, and I take careful steps. My dry soles shuffle across the wood, and my hand grasps the cold metal, and it turns, it clicks, and I look up to who awaits me.  