Sean had the full set up, he was doing it right. He even had a "man cave" decked out with the nicest specs on his PC, a game chair with speakers built in for an immersive experience, and a wireless console controller so he could sit back in any position and just turn his eyes towards the screen lazily. He had a webcam set up for streaming, and a mic he could clip to his shirt because headsets give him headaches. About once a week, he'd invite a girl he met online to watch him brag about what he's done in-game.

"See that guy over there, with the mismatched armor and super basic weaponry? He doesn't belong here - he didn't pay. He's like the hobo jumping the fence at a concert, taking up space and bothering everybody around him just by being there. You can tell by their look who cheated their way here, doing b!tch work until the devs felt sorry for them. People like that shouldn't be allowed in the Platinum Realm, they contribute nothing," he said, making sure the woman (Madeline?) he was sharing his screen with knew this guy was worthless, in case Mr. Mismatch showed up later and impressed this week's woman with his skill. "I can't believe the strictest security areas still let randoms into past that gate" Steve muttered while sending a message to his assassin asking to clean up the filth.

Immediately another character appears on the screen, dressed in all black and a cape covered in tiny pink triangles. Another person he met online, this one willing to battle fake gamers who don't deserve to keep progressing but do it anyway. Sean knows this will cost him, but it's worth it to muscle out scum who try to play without paying. Some small talk with Madeline, while running and jumping in circles, and the mismatched player is gone.

"There, he's dead," the new player writes in the game's built-in chat window. "That'll be 30 days of silver play time since that was their last life. Noob will never be able to show their avatar again unless they pay the rebirth fee, which we both know by their armor that they won't do. Game over for that one." And then the assassin logs off. Sean reflects on how he's already over budget for the month, and there are 25 days left until his next paycheck.

"Glad that's taken care of. Here, I'll buy a new room in one of my mansions in the Platinum Realm and you can decorate it with me, I'll buy you a temporary VIP pass so you can make a guest avatar and go anywhere I go and interact with nonliving objects with charges right to my account." Madeline took him up on the offer, and she decorated the room with frills, stuffed animals, and of course luxury art. Sean quickly realized he got carried away this time, blaming it Mr. Mismatch for putting him in a bad mood. But Sean loved every minute of watching Madeline her decorate, and then she added in the retro heart-shaped bed a la Sims 3 to pull the room together.

"Can I bring my own character?" She asked, shocking Sean with the realization that she already owned the game and probably should have been using her own account to buy all these items for the new addition to his mansion.

"Of course, let's see, what's your username?"

"I'll shoot it over to you," she said, and Sean saw a ping with the message "LaCastigaDORA666"

*That's adorable, a Dora reference and the devil's number, she was probably an angsty teen when she made this* Sean thought to himself, copying and pasting it into the "Invite a Teammate" section. As soon as he clicked "Invite" he knew something was off when her avatar popped up looking like a two-year-old put it together.

Sean threw his head back on his chair and rolled in a circle, trying to make small talk and poke fun at a friend.

"Hey, I guess style isn't your forte huh?"

Immediately he heard a crash, spun right around to the screen, and saw "Game Over"

*edit: formatting*