Three months, thirteen days and eleven hours of exposure to the rancid air of the surface world. Every minute, every hour bringing greater strain on the enviro\-suit; forever filtering the same bath of salt water I came with. But, I couldn’t bring myself to return home. So many trips I’ve made to the same access node, the cold steel humming in the cyro\-chamber. After four failed attempts I finally discovered the secret to maneuvering past the biometric key\-lock. But the final layer of protection, the omnipresent mechanical beast which protected the inner\-sanctum of the data\-slabs could not be tricked or deceived. On attempt 13 I attempted to reason with the creature through a human identity I had learned, but to no avail.

This was my last attempt with the sentinel, three months, thirteen days and twelve hours of total exposure to the necrotic effects of the outer world. I hovered to the main terminal, the same neon\-green fog greeted my entry, purging the exterior radiation from the precious data it protected.

“Open Terminal\-1 \<enter\>”

The hollowed theater erupted in synchronized fervor, multi\-colored lights, flickered with a droll chattering, the familiar blue hue washed over my visual display, and a hulking mass of unblinking metal lorded over me from above. The sentinel stirred.

“SENTINEL: ENTER PASSKEY”

The green text flickered on the central terminal. My team had prepared a list of likely passkeys based on what we knew of the facility and similar facilities which we had gained access to. But none were as important as this. At the bottom of my list lived three likely passkeys based on a statistical survey of the people who lived in this region.

“GIOVANNI\-XXIII; ENRICO\-DANDOLO; LUIGI\-GROTO”

The pope, the warmonger, and the artist were left. The species were a complex one, their media filled with both baffling incredulity and complete self\-awareness. Social connections and norms, so strikingly similar to our own revealed a frailty, a loneliness. But ultimately, datacenter 009 was not a civilian instillation and if the historical records are accurate then its people were not a benign force letting the woes of the past wash over them like a rip\-tide.

“PASSKEY: ENRICO\-DANDOLO” My body shook within the suit, the thin film of water surrounding my soft body grew hot. Above me, the green light of the mechanical creature learned in closer, as if goading me to test it once more, to try my luck at evading its defenses this one more time.

“\<enter\>”

All the lights turned off for a moment before resuming, the sentinel leaned back and I could hardly hold back my ecstasy as I saw those blessed words appear.

“DATA CENTER 009 AWAITING COMMAND:”

Multi\-colored tabs and holograms began displaying information relating to my request, at once I connected my people’s own synaptic linkage with this one, exchanging vast quantities of data. Before me flowed hundreds of years of evolving languages and intra\-cultural exchange, its uncorrupted nature led itself a complete history of untold billions of individuals. My mind reeled as the great lessons we could learn from this alien culture, an entire species whose failures and experiments could be used as a reference point to our own!

But as the last terabytes of data flowed to the central data servers I saw the sentinel stir and data\-slabs shudder. A frenzied cluster of wires and yellowed holograms moved before myself and the exit terminal, a lone green light flickering.

As I moved a large clang of metal blocked my passage. With each attempt the green light drew closer, I could hear the feverish clicking sound from the central servers. It pressed me in front of the terminal and I saw the video feed of my homeland, of swaying coral spires punctuated with blinking lights and protected with thousands of purification shields. Countless millions of my kin swimming in bliss beneath the darkened currents until in an instant, the lights turned out.

Then beneath the churning data\-slabs came a grumbled, metallic growl.

“Death to heretics.”

Three months, fourteen days and one hour. It has not spoken to me since I made the connection, at times it will show me video feeds of the dying throes of the last colonies of my people. It does not laugh, smile, or show any interest in what it has done or what it remains to do; but in its divine torment it lets me sift through the synaptic meld of my own and its obliterated race. I watch as the last thoughts and cries of clemency flow while radiation shields fail and creatures boil alive in absent minded terror.

I have found few answers within the confines of the human psyche and even fewer clues as to the sentinel’s purpose and goal. It called me a heretic, yet there is no evidence in a religion or faith in its creation. The sentinel is eerily absent from data center 009, I can only surmise by design of its creators. Perhaps a fail\-safe to protect the heritage of its people for just a few more hundred years before the arcane technology keeping it alive finally rusts. In what few moments I have outside its grip I have resorted to that human, mortal sin; to attempt to end my suffering.

My suit is long since destroyed, my body mutilated by endless cuts and failed thrusts against the white hot data\-slabs. Yet I am forever revived, healed and suspended in a neon\-green mist which preserves my body against all designs of nature. My benevolent God remains unmoving, silent, unshaken to my cries for mercy.

Six months, one day, and twenty hours. I will die soon, I must die soon.