"So, Sarah, you have something for me?" 

"Yes, Senator. I've found a government office that spends tens of millions of dollars a year and hasn't produced anything meaningful since it was founded in 1982."

Senator Dombrowski looked hard at this serious-faced young woman. She'd only been working in the office for six months now. Former military, or was it CIA? Not important: if she'd really found what he was looking for, he could ride it all the way to a shot at the presidency. "What's the name of the department?"

"It's called the Federal Honey Reserve Office, but-"

Sarah paused. The Senator had frozen the instant he'd heard the name of the office. "Are you okay, sir?"

"Have you spoken about this to anyone else? Have you been in touch with anyone about this? Anyone at all? An office clerk, an archivist, anyone?"

"Nobody, sir. I located it myself. I've been tracking figures through Excel files, databases and paper budget submissions for two months to make sense of it."

The Senator leaned back in his chair and let a hand move slowly to the hidden revolver in the armrest. "Data analysis isn't your thing -  you worked on interrogations in the field, didn't you?"

"Yes, sir."

"Could you tell me about them?"

"No, sir. It was classified work."

"Sarah, I'm a United States senator, and the ranking Democrat on the defence subcommittee. I order you to tell me about them." Hand around the grip. Thumb silently pushing the safety off.

"Sir, I don't care if you're the President. It was classified work, and unless it's declassified I have no intention of breathing a word about it." Fingers relaxing. Hand coming back up to rest empty on the Senator's knee.

"Sarah, we can't use the honey reserve fund. Not because you were wrong: I'm genuinely astounded that you managed to find it at all. It exists and spends all that cash alright, but not on honey. It has three employees and they're all paid an unbelievable amount of money."

"What do they do, sir?"

The Senator leaned forward. "At this point, you have a choice. You can forget about that question and about the Federal Honey Reserve Fund, and keep doing your job. I don't doubt you'll do a superb job, and in a couple of years you'll either become a policy director for a think tank or take a high-paying role in a defence corp. Or I tell you the answer, and you become one of the most powerful people in the US government, but you will never be permitted to leave the job until you retire."

"Sir, I don't think you'll be able-"

"Sarah, trust me: once I tell you the answer, you'll never be allowed to leave government work. There are exceptions for public office like with me, but if I'm ever voted out I'm expected back at my old desk the following Monday. Not that I'd want to do anything else: even being a US senator sometimes feels like a step down from what I used to do."

Sarah took a deep breath. "I'm in."

"The Federal Honey Reserve Fund is an assassination team that takes care of people with superpowers."

"Sir, with all due respect, I don't appreciate being made a fool of. If you-"

"Sarah, in late 1981 a paranoid gunman teleported into the Oval Office and killed three people before a Secret Service agent put a bullet in his head. That night, Ronald Reagan authorised the creation of an office whose only task was to identify and kill any superpowered individuals. They're too dangerous to leave alive - what happens when some idiot telepath starts  trying to control people's minds, or when some rage monster explodes through downtown New York? Right now only three known superhumans are left alive - a sociopath who can turn himself invisible, an impossibly strong woman who's frightened by her own capabilities, and a narcoleptic teenager who sees the future in her dreams. They're the three employees at the honey reserve, and we pay them extremely well to make sure no more of their kind appear."

"Jesus. How many of these - superhumans - appear each year?"

"About one a month. We have a small team working with the notes from the narcoleptic's dreams to identify outbreaks before they happen. It's an incredibly demanding job, and getting it right fast can be the difference between no collateral damage and a hundred dead."

"How does someone get to do that job?"

"They generally identify themselves. Like you just have. I'll be sorry to lose you, but you'll save thousands of lives and shape our response to the superhuman threat for years to come."

Sarah smiled. She'd been working towards this for a decade ever since she's first wondered why nobody else was able to see possible futures like she was. The narcoleptic clairvoyant might be trouble, but disjointed dreams were no match for being able to view thousands of outcomes at a time.

This was the next step on the path to the summit of the mountain .