Lucy lay shivering in bed, her hands clutching the sweat-soaked duvet tightly around her, the bed heater back on.  It had been lke this for the past three days, and she wished she was already dead.  The boiling heat alternated with freezing cold for hours at a time, and every muscle of her body seemed to protest as she slowly forced herself to sit up, to push the duvet away long enough to pull the laptop closer to her.

She typed her bank account password in with quivering fingers, and cringed.  The money was still gone, and without that, she couldn't afford the bus fare to the clinic across town, let alone the drug.

Her neck ached with the effort to hold her neck up, and she rested it gently against the back of the bed.  She had maybe another 12 hours before she died, and her hopes that George was coming back were fading fast.  Damn, but she had been such a fool.  They'd been dating for 6 months now, and he'd said he needed her card to buy something online, would she mind.

She'd hesitated.  Looking back, she winced.  He'd looked so hurt - don't you trust me? - and she'd foolishly given in.
The next day he'd text her to cancel their planned dinner, as he had to go on a work trip.  Two days later, her money was gone, and he was safe.  The police couldn't help, the loans company wouldn't, and she was ... well, dead.  Even the charities she'd reached out to had turned her away, because she had been wealthy enough to afford medicine until only a few days before.

Their work, they had stressed, was for people who were employed in lower wage jobs, and couln't afford both drugs and food.  Those with children.  Couldn't she ask her parents for money?

Of course, Lucy could, theoretically.  But she wouldn't.  Maybe she even couldn't.

Finally, as a last resort, Lucy had asked her boss for her wages in advance to cover her.  Just until the end of the month, she'd stressed.  She'd be able to save and skrimp enough to cover the cost of the drug on that, surely.

He'd told her to go home and look after herself, that he'd see what he could do... but given that her bank account was still sat at a resolute, red zero.  Well.

Perhaps it was for the best.  She forced herself out of bed and across to the kitchen sink.  It was the first time since she'd moved in that she was glad all she could afford was a bedsit.  Not bothering to grab a glass, she leaned slowly forward until her tongue could touch the stream of water, tilted her head to one side, and gulped thirstly.  Then, groaning, she shuffled back to bed, threw her duvet onto the floor, and spread out, her skin on fire.

Lucy slept.



She was forced awake by a dry, prickly mouth, and sat up slowly.  The fever seemed to have worked its way out of her system, and although still a little sore, she could stand without an internal dialogue.  She grinned.  

But, wait.

She should be dead.  "Is this... heaven?"  She asked aloud, looking around her deserted room.  Maybe someone had come in, given her something - but the door was still deadbolted, the window latched.

Her hands still shook as she poured a glass of water.  Maybe, she thought, this was the second wind, the nice bit before death.  But she felt fine.  Better than fine.  She almost wanted to dance with how fine she felt.

"I'm alive."  She told the wall, confidently.  Then she turned to the stuffed cat an old friend had bought her, and told it too.  "I'm alive!"

She span around in a circle, which was somewhat ill-advised as she immediately felt dizzy.  She hadn't eaten anything more nutrious than the few slices of dry toast she had nibbled in her bed on the few occasions she had made it to the kitchen, before it had gone blue.

"Ok," she said, "I need to eat."

She had a yoghurt in the fridge, which she consumed while rooting through her freezer drawer for a ready meal.  Nothing.  Dammit.  And she still had no money for shopping.

Three bendy carrots, a slightly mushy bag of spinach, and three sausages would have to do then, and she quickly set to work.

How was she not dead?  

Rach!  She had to call Rach!

She whirled around, the spitting sausages forgotten momentarily, and scrambled among her bedding for her phone.  Which was dead.

She swore, then plugged it in next to the hob, balancing it on the top of the microwave.  Finally, the battery symbol came on, and she mashed the power button with her thumb, the other hand futily jostling the sausages.

"Lucy?"  A dubious voice picked up.  "Why are you calling me?"

"Rach, listen.  I know it's been a while.  I know I said some stupid, horrible things.  But you need to know something."

"Ok."

"Take a seat.  Somewhere quiet, somewhere alone.  Please, this is important."

"Give me a minute."

Lucy grabbed at the sausages with one hand and dumped them onto a plate, too hungry to care if they were done.  Then, sucking her burnt fingers, she tapped the speakerphone button and pulled her chair closer to the phone.

"What is it, Luce?"

"You were right."

"What?"

"You were right.  I... look, it's a long story, but I didn't have money for tablets this month."

"Are you alright?"

"Yes, yes, that's the point.  I didn't take them, but I'm also still alive."

There was a staticy silence on the phone for a few heartbeats.  "Are you sure?"

"What do you mean, am I sure?"  Lucy took a bite of sausage, and spoke around it.  "Of course I'm sure."

"We can't talk on the phone.  They might be listening."

Lucy bit down the urge to tell her she was being paranoid - after all, that had been part of their fight in the first place - and, she realised, if Rachel had been right about this...

"Just answer a few questions, OK?"  Lucy hummed her agreement.  "OK.  When was your last dose?"   "4 days ago."  "What were your symptoms?"  "Mostly fever."  "Where are you now?"  "Town centre, Burkley Street."  "I'm on my way.  Stay there, don't open the door to anyone.  Do you understand?"  "Yes."

Rachel hung up.  Lucy continued eating her sausages.

5 minutes later there was a knock at the door.  It was only instinct that kept her from calling out.  Instead, she slowly slid along the floor, her heart thundering in her chest.  Another knock, loud and authoritative.  "Miss Naze.  I know you're in there.  Please answer the door."

She held her breath.  "Miss Naze, please.  We don't want to hurt you."

Trying desperately to be as quiet as possible, she breathed in, and then out.  How did they know she was there.

A new voice, female, spoke.  "We're working with Rachel Thearm.  She asked us to pick you up, as our team was closer."

Now Lucy knew that these people weren't going to help her.  Rach would have told her if she was delegating the task.  But while they were here, would Rach be able to come help her.

There were another few minutes of tense silence, and then Lucy heard footsteps heading from her door down the corridor.  Were they trying to trick her?  Convinced she'd died?

A thud, on the wall.  She squealed in shock, and clasped a hand over her mouth.  Another thud.  My god, were they breaking down the wall? 

Without thinking about it, she grabbed a knife from the washing up pile and clenched it in a white fist.  She would not die, not after surviving that fever.  She would fight.

There was a silence, stretched across several seconds, and then somehow the bolt on the door began to draw back.  She lunged across the room, and pushed it shut again, fighting against some other force.

"Hey."  A whisper came.  "It's ok, just me.  Open up."

Somehow, Lucy couldn't trust the voice, even if it sounded a little like Rachel with her posh, English accent.  "Seriously, Luce, open up.  I have approximately 5 minutes to get you out of here before they wake up."

Tentatively, Lucy pressed her lips up against the crack of the door.  "What did you give me, the night before we went to prom?" 

"A stuffed lion.  Babe, come on, we need to go."

Scared, still clutching the knife, Lucy baked away from the bolt.  It moved again.  Then there was Rachel's grinning face, pushing it open, grabbing Lucy and pulling her through.  Two crumpled SWAT officers were by the door, heads resting against one another.

Rachel was dressed in black, riot police like clothes, a small handgun clenched in one hand.  Silently, she pulled Lucy down the hall, into a stairwell, and down they went.  "Luce babe, I'm so glad you called."

Lucy, concious of her knife - and her dirty pyjamas - said nothing.  She didn't know what to do, whether to trust Rachel.  She had no other choice. 

"You're a medical marvel, Luce.  I have some doctors I want you to meet."  She paused by the door to the basement, looked Lucy up and down, and pulled her into a quick hug.  "Come on, we've got work to do."