Picture my fear when a red-faced colonel entered my office -- barking about duds in the nuclear depot.

--------------

The whole world had gone mad, trying so very hard to kill one another and failing at it miserably.

At first, the Americans claimed the Russians had tampered with their nuclear arsenal. Panicked diplomats called their counterparts in China who promptly informed them that the Kremlin had just placed similar calls.

It wasn't long before news was leaked to the press; the superpowers were sounding the drums of war and they were taking no prisoners.

And with the news dusty skeletons, forged over decades of backroom dealings, walked a conga line right out of their closets. A panicked world watched them salsa on stage.

Countries began to form new alliances on the fly. It's amazing what the threat of nuclear holocaust can do to an alliance, more so if the guy with the big guns is your neighbor.

When the dust settled, Russia had annexed Finland, Norway, Sweden and parts of Denmark. It turns out Scandinavia had been secretly storing nukes for the Russians for decades.

The Americans took control of most of Central America. America's northern neighbors, however, proved to be a bit of a challenge. People began to ask questions as the minutes dragged on at the negotiating table between the U.S. and Canada.

Our questions were answered when a solemn Canadian Prime Minister took to the podium to announce, and excuse my paraphrasing... that his people would rather die by nuclear hellfire than to be ruled by the Americans.

The move was so celebrated in the Pacific Northwest that the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington drafted resolutions to join Canada.

----------------------

As word spread up and down the chain of command that all the nukes were duds, us soldiers felt a collective relief. Not just because our assholes eased up, which to that point had puckered up tighter than snare drums, but also because we would all make it to the next day.

Some might call the events that transpired that day divine intervention or *grace*.

Me? I'm not so sure. If it was, God must have an incredible sense of humor. 

What I do know is that I'm planning a trip to Seattle, birth place of Starbucks, and grabbing a cup of joe from Tim Hortons.

