My hand grabbed the doorknob to my house, and slowly, I pulled it down and pushed the door open. I sighed heavily and briefly closed my eyes. *This is too difficult* I thought, I just couldn't bear the possibility of being alone again. I fought back tears, took a deep breath and realised, I needed to just get on with it. I needed to just start getting through the grieving process and get back onto living my life. However, as I stepped into my house, I felt a strange *WHOOSH* suddenly, I felt as if I were being propelled somewhere, but I was also stationary.

I opened my eyes to see a great hall, with walls of gold and gems and jewels in the ornate designs, but also, aisles, upon aisles of weaponry, from swords to bows and arrows, and warhammers, it was like a warehouse, filled with weapons. I decided to walk around this great hall, perhaps I could find someone else, or even a way out. As I walked around I started to notice that these weapons weren't just any weapons, but rather weapons of legends, the sword Excalibur, the trumpet that brought down Jericho, and finally the hammer Mjolnir, of the Norse Gods. As I saw this, and read the slate sign describing it, I felt a weird allure about it, a part of me felt tempted and drawn to touching it, perhaps trying to see if I could lift it. I closed my eyes, and clasped my hands together and prayed:

*I pray, all-father, and king of the norse, Odin, that you hear my plea.*
*I stand before this weapon of incredible might and strength, and I ask that I have the humility and nobility to wield it myself.*

I opened my eyes again, and felt a buzzing feeling inside me, the adrenaline was kicking in, and ever so carefully, I reach forward and touch the tip of Mjiolnir.

"HEY!" A voice boomed at me. Startled, I jumped back and held my hands in defense.

"I-I'm sorry. I just wanted to see if-" I stammered, before stopping as I realised there was no-one there. I was confused, did I just hear that voice? Am I in some weird dream? I had many questions in my mind, but the worst one was if I was alone, if I'd actually end up going back to my house.

I carried on walking until I found a wall with nothing on it except a door. I pushed through the door, and on the other side were more aisles, but filled with shelves and glass jars, the jars looked mainly empty except for some paper in them and this whole area was covered in layers of dust. I wandered through the maze of jars, until I felt that same electric buzz as I did with Mjolnir, but I also felt it pulling me towards it, like a magnet and almost communicating with me too, I still wandered about until I saw a blank jar. I carefully inspected it first and wiped away the dust, before picking it up. There was no booming voice this time. I opened the jar and removed the scroll.

"Not all weapons are needed to fight wars, not all warriors are fighters, some are meant to battle their own demons with words, memories or actions. May your journey never be felt lonesome, for those who have gone still left their own special mark and are still with us. They may have left our lives, but their memories haven't. Hope is a powerful weapon that can defeat the greatest of evils"

As I read this, my memory flashed to my beautiful wife, her stunning smile, her beautifully deep emerald-green eyes, her willowy blonde hair, it was as if I was seeing her again for the first time. My emotions ran high and a tear left my face and fell on the floor.

(This is my first time posting here, I hope you enjoy it.) :)