I don't really do much with this character, since she's not important to the story she's in, but i figured she might work for this.

I guess I wasn't too unusual, for an immortal girl. Or wraith as my adaptive mother says. The one that's still alive that is. 

She was quite famous for being one of the top researchers in magic. I never wanted that life. I hadn't wanted it when i gained immortality and i don't want it now. 

She honored that wish as best she could. Sometimes my picture would come up talking about the life and times of the Dr Juli Sunborns daughter. It was hard not to leave a trail. Especially these days. And tabloids sometimes got curious about the family of interesing people.

Ultimately I think that's what drove me to become a drifter. With nothing tying me down and by not getting too close with anyone i could pretend that i was just a no body.

It did get awful lonely though. I think i understand why my mother is constantly taking on apprentices to teach rarer magics. I was never particularly gifted. If I had been my sister would still be alive. 

That's the worst of it. Watching your family die and knowing you'll never join them. I had considered it last time I had been mugged and shot. In that moment i had lamented that he didn't use a uranium slug. Of course if he could have afforded one he wouldn't have mugged me.

Maybe i should spend more the in the limelight. Get some more powerful enemies. As I age i think i understand the choices my mom made in her 90's and why mum had just let her. 

I was broken from my reflection of my past by a girl putting change in my cup. "You're so young to be homeless" 

I snorted. "Not everyone is so fortunate to be in a healthy relationship with their past"

"What are you running from then?" 

I don't think I'd had anybody show interest in my life since i started wandering the continent on the pocket change of strangers. I told her bits of my story i trusted her with, and she listened well before inviting to her place for a hot meal.

I had a feeling the next few decades would be much better if i was with her so I followed