And 3... 2... 1... it’s time to go.

I don’t think I’ve ever entered this bank with such a huge grin on my face. There is absolutely nothing to stop me from getting what I’ve wanted for so many years, and in a few minutes I’ll have more money than I could ever imagine having all at once. I really should feel bad... but fuck you, Richard, and the rest of your bullshit management team. I’m just taking what is owed; no big deal, right?

Annnddd looks like he’s entering the girl’s locker room... typical kid. Guess that gives me about 5 minutes tops. Sadly that means I don’t have time to slap a few people around. Consider it my present to you idiots for being coworkers for so long. Now now, what was it again?... 52... 36... 126.... 7.... 12... and 85... *click* bingo.

Have you ever seen such a beautiful sight? Money. Money everywhere. Ohhh and don’t forget all those beautiful golden bars. I think it’s time to go shopping, don’t you? See, this place here has been a temptation of mine for the past 16 years I’ve had to deal with being an employee of this shit hole. And look at me now!!!.... oh I’m sorry. Almost forgot time is frozen. Better get a move on. Hmm, I’ll take one of these... and some of these... ohhh and a bit of these. Can’t forget these either.

How much time do I have left?.... wow this little shit. He’s having the time of his life in that locker room. Guess I can get one or two slaps in...

Alright alright. If my math is correct... that puts me at about 450 grand... annnddd now let’s grab a few of these and well, well, well... looks like I’ve got myself a solid half a million. Not too bad for 5 minutes of work. I’d say now is a good time to leave. Looks like the kid thinks so too.

Oh yeah. FUCK YOU RICHARD. THIS IS FOR THAT 5 CENT “RAISE!”
*SLAP* And that ladies and gentlemen is probably better than sex itself!! HA HA!

Alright alright and now we’re out of there. Just in time too.

*As the doors close behind me, the world begins to rotate once more, birds singing, people chatting, cars moving and all is right again*

Well, this would definitely be a lot easier if I had the control of this time warp bullshit... but I’ll consider all this good enough. And of course god bless technology for making cameras too small to ever detect. Putting it on that little shit’s backpack was the best idea I’ve ever had since realizing what was going on with the time stops!! Damn I’m a genius... Oh. I am DEFINITELY gonna have to talk with that kid though. I mean, sneaking into girl’s locker rooms with his power?? There’s no way I’m letting my son abuse his powers like that!