All I remembered before this was the hospital. The blur of familiar faces and echoes of familiar voices. My body wasn't warm and I hadn't enough energy to tremble. The endless beeping of a heart rate monitor somewhere obscure. The weird number I saw. All that after an Italian Egg Mayo Footlong in a subway. Then I regained consciousness.

Now I'm naked and warm. Too warm. There was fire everywhere and my ears can only hear constant cackling. I was lined up in a queue with many others, an orderly file of sapiens in the nude. It seemed like none of us were sweating because of the heat, but because of the huge monstrosity that sat crossed-legged at the start of the line. It was a big black shadow with a humanoid body, no eyes, and three horns on his head. Pretty cliche, but it was terrifying to see with my own eyes.

It must have been an eternity, but eventually, I made it to the front.

The entity at the front was massive. His head was as big as the Sydney Opera House, to me at least. He looked bored with being here, yet still maintained an intimidating demeanour. He had a peculiar way about him, unlike when he interacted with the other people before me. He leaned in towards me, as if he knew me.

"So you are the numbers boy."

I presumed he was referring about my weird imagination. I tend to see weird numbers in my mind before the hospital. Everything I did always triggered a random whole number to pop up in my mind. I had always thought it was some mathematical intuition that I had, and I had never any opportunity to develop it when I was 'alive'.

So yes, I was the numbers boy.

"You do not belong in hell. You saw it. You know you have saved 5 billion people."

So that was what the numbers meant? I was sad that I wasn't the new age Newton or Gauss. The giant demon was looking at me with its eyes, or lack of it.

"Your last meal was poisoned, numbers boy. It was a lethal virus. The two customers before you will turn into pandemic hubs in a month. Lucky for you, your body got a lethal food poisoning and you ended up threading the tightrope between life and death."

At this moment I thought this was me tripping on acid or something. Did the Subway guy even have the technology to poison people? Why would he even do that? Did the Subway guy gave me edibles? I've read so much about drugs but had no experience with them, so I presumed he spiked my food.

"Go back to your world. Save your people. I would dislike welcoming so many souls to hell in such a short period of time. All the best, numbers boys."

I was genuinely confused. The ghastly figure did not consider my reaction and proceeded to press a finger into my sternum. It felt like breathlessness and numbness overcame the heat of the flames around me.

Suddenly, I was in the hospital ward again. I couldn't open my eyes, but I could see two things. The soulless eyes of the Subway guy, and the number he made me see: 4, 993, 245, 687.