 "I'm alone", a phrase that has has seemed to follow me from the very early days of my self-realization all the way until the present. I suppose that comes with the territory, Child of the Stars, what an eloquent way to give some semblance of humanity to a glorified weapon. My 'Father' was the one who started that trend, I suppose Project 1156B is quite the mouthful. Certainly more than 'CoS' at the very least, I guess it helped him interact with me - made his own conscious less unnerved. 

 I was the last in a long series of experiments, one of those ventures that DARPA is so happy to throw money at. A product of extensive Eugenics and Nanotechnology, popped out of an Iron Womb Incubator aboard a top-secret Research Station in orbit around Earth. They expected a lot from their investment, and I surpassed all of their expectations. Exposure to unidentified Cosmic Radiation really does a number on the potential of a... Human.

 "I am alone" truly encapsulates the feeling of Space. An endless expanse without horizon, void of life - of happiness, of any emotion sans solace. Only the twinkle of the stars and the blaze of the Sun to keep you company. It is no wonder that my 'abilities' came to mirror my Home. I was the first to develop them you know? None of the others were as fortuitous... or perhaps rather, none so cursed. 

 What I can do is trigger in an object the same conditions they would experience in Open Space. I can welcome them to the solace of Space, after a few agonizing moments hehe. From Ebullism to Hypoxia and Hypocapnia, to rapid Cellular Mutation and ultimately absolute particle disintegration; all it takes from me is the desire and a brief second of un-obstructed sight.

 So here it was that I was raised and taught by 'Father' and his team. There weren't very many of them, certainly far less than us, at least until the Mass Termination; but they seemed to manage. When my 'abilities' manifested on one of my lesser siblings... many experiments and procedures were conducted. I thought I would be punished, as they had often warned us we would be if we misbehaved - but 'Father' was happy, almost too happy. He told me that I was their greatest triumph, a testament to the powers of technology and Will. I was to him a symbol of a future era, the next step in Evolution.

 I remember the first time I was brought back down to Earth. It was a few months after the Mass Termination, they told me not to worry - I was Chosen. I didn't care. They told me soon I would walk on the planet I so commonly stared out from the windows. I didn't really care. They told me I would get to use my 'abilities' as much as I wanted soon. I was ecstatic.

 The land was soft, the air was crisp. There were so many sensory inputs flowing through my mind, it was honestly quite overwhelming. I thought I was going to be nauseous. This was nothing like what Home was like. Home was clean, it was quiet. This was... disgusting, it was primal - a place befitting of beasts. Had this really been where my creators and ancestors were from? It gave me a new appreciation for the team led by 'Father', to achieve so much as such flawed specimen.

 I was given time to acclimate and become acquainted with my Supervisors and Commanders. We came to a quick understanding, I did what I was told - I always had. They said as long as I did nothing bad would happen to me, and I would be free to use my 'abilities' on "the enemy". 

 The Second Iranian Civil War, that's the name of the conflict as it has been written down in the History books, my first deployment. Hehe, I think they called me 'Shaytan' as I turned their soldiers into puddles of barely discernible matter or boiled the very blood in their veins. The Massacre at Tibliz, the destruction of the 61st Revolutionary Guard, and the eradication of the congregated high Clergy. It was glorious. For once I did not feel alone, I felt... alive.

 No matter how much I unnerved my 'allies' and 'teammates', they could not deny the sheer effectiveness of my abilities. I think they were afraid, I could often catch them murmuring about how they were "Happy your on our side" after another mission. But of course they were afraid, compared to them I may as well be a God.

 The war ended swiftly, a complete capitulation by the Regime. What silly folk, relying on dusty tomes and superstition to protect them. Fortunately for me, and my Commanders - certain aspects of human nature never change. The Sun will rise, the Tide will come, and Humans will always seek to kill other Humans. And as long as they do, I will remain placated thru my work.

 It's a long road you know? Welcoming everything to the embrace of 'Mother' Space, that is.

-CoS (or as some say CoSM)