The buzz stopped. Not the buzz in his head that came from draining the mountain of pints now littering the floor, but the tactile buzz that came from his wrist. 

“Shwha-what did I do?” Jerry slurred as the light-up display in his inner forearm displayed the congratulatory message that super tier was just achieved. 

Jerry shook his arm in an effort to turn off display that was increasingly tormenting his already agonizing headache. 

“Congratulations, Mr. Jerry, is it? Sorry, if I stumble a bit through this bit. I’m new.” 

Jerry searched the room for the source of the voice but to no avail. 

“Could you keep it down, please? You’re killing me here,” Jerry shouted.

“Of course, I’m very sorry. As I was saying,” the voice whispered, “I am here to congratulate you on your new super status and fill you in on the rewards that come with it.”

“You’ves shgot the wrong guy. I haven’t done ssshit.”

“I assure you, sir, we do not make mistakes. It says here that you have... Oh my! Do you need medical assistance?”

“I’d perfec’y fine if you shtopped talking.”

“Alright, look at your arm. I’m activating the subtitle feature.”

A much dimmer light than before began spelling words on Jerry’s arm.

“You’ve consumes over 10000 litres of alcohol and as such-“

“What isha lee-tray?” Jerry asked. 

“You really aren’t doing much for my perception of Americans, Jerry,” the screen typed out, “That would be what you call liters. You appear to be the first person to have even drank this much before which makes you the first super drunk.” 

“What comesh with that?”

“Well, mostly a perpetual state of drunkenness. You get a minus twenty on respect from all your friends and family, coordination, physical fitness, motivation, and oratory skills.”

“You shed oral,” Jerry chuckled.

“It appears humor is also effected. I also must suspend your license as you will never be sober again. Don’t worry, though. There is a super taxi driver in the neighborhood.”

“What doesh that shuper come with?”

“Mostly resentment.”

“Thish shucks! I thought being a shuper was shupposed to be an award.”

“It’s not all bad. You get a discount on brown bags and cardboard. Plus, literally everyone looks fifteen times sexier to you.”

“Sholy fuck! That’sh the hottesht chick I’ve ever sheen.” 

“That’s a lamp, Jerry.”

“Fuck thish, ssshit! I’m gonna take a pissh.”

“Now, that you bring that up. There is one last super side effect you have: super piss. You will now pee a jet of urine more powerful than a hydraulic cutter. Do with that what you will.” 

“Moshtly try to not to blow my head of in the shmorning.”

“Good one, Jerry.”