"*I want you to find Leslie Ingham, Agent Sunday. She shot her children after finding out her husband had an affair. Drug user. She was sentenced to  prison for life. Committed suicide three months into her sentence. Still has a lifetime to commit. You have thirty minutes.*"

Agent Sunday heard the end click of the transmission from the chip in her ear. She closed her eyes and bent down on the ground, standing in a wild flower field far out from civilisation. It was where she preferred to spend her free time.

The whispers from the souls in the wind filled her ears, soft voices of confusion, each, far from the peaceful field, being sent to their next fleshy prison. She pressed her left hand deep into the soil and gripped a handful, felt the slither of a worm slide from her fingertips. 

The whispers grew louder. It took a moment for Agent Sunday to make her connection with the soul bank. 

*Where is the soul of Leslie Ingham?* she asked the silent force. Her fingertips tingled as lines of data flowed freely inside of her, perfect answers leading to one place. 

Her chip heated up again in her ear.

"*Agent Sunday, this one is mine,*" came Agent Friday's arrogant voice.

Agent Sunday ended the transmission. 

*This one is definitely mine.*

She stood up and dusted her hands, knowing the exact location. She smirked and raised her right arm in the air and made a specific hand sign, ring finger standing straight up.

Agent Sunday blinked and she found herself in a pig farm where countless piglets were crying out from their separation. Across the gateway, Agent Friday appeared with a gun in his hands.

"I said this one's mine, Sunday," he sneered, pointing the gun at a particularly terrified piglet in the middle of the pen.

"No," Agent Sunday licked her lips.

The two were frozen in time, knowing the other was about to make a move. 

Then Agent Sunday disintegrated in the air, body formed into tiny particles that wrapped around the tiny piglet. Agent Friday disappeared, knowing that fighting Agent Sunday in a more fielded area was a recipe for failure. No agent was allowed failure.

Agent Sunday reformed herself and grabbed the piglet.

She blinked and stood in a dark room with a single bright white light shining down on the deceased body of Leslie Ingham, broken neck fixed and ready for reinsertation.

The piglet squealed in protest, its eyes focused on the body. Agent Sunday grinned as she broke the piglet's neck.

Leslie Ingham's soul rushed into the air. The room was built to trap souls.

There was only one place to go.

Agent Sunday blinked and she was back in her favourite field.

She touched her ear.

"Mission completed."


~~edits: eliminating typos bc my brain is slow today~~