"Finally. I can go home." I grabbed my things, clocked out, and started walking.

My coworkers keep telling me that I should take my car to work. "It's dangerous to walk home alone at night!" they say. I've been walking to and from work every day for the past six years, but they still worry. I don't really see why, especially since I typically get home about when the sun is setting. It's a beautiful, peaceful walk.

It takes twenty minutes to get home this way. I always let my mind wander for most of it. I drift off into lands of wonder and magic and romance. I live a thousand lives just on my walk home: a prince who suddenly gains the power of telepathy, a little girl trying to outsmart her captors who are holding her for ransom, a chemistry student trying to convince her friends that they should NOT try to clean the toilet by combining the sterilizing powers of bleach and ammonia.... It didn't have to make sense. It just had to whisk me away to another world until the sunset brought me back to reality. Then I would stop and watch for a few minutes as the light gave way to dusk. It's a nice way to wind down after a long day at work. I figure the daydreams help keep me sane as the years slowly drift away into the void of retail and customer service.

Sigh. Maybe someday I'll get out of there.

Maybe I could be a little girl, chasing her friend Hannah in a game of slow-paced tag. You aren't allowed to run until you make eye contact, and since I'm it, I need to avoid eye contact as much as possible. I keep looking to the side, at the ground, at the sky, anywhere I can manage to avoid looking directly at her.

We're walking rather quickly, but neither of us can run as long as I keep looking away. She keeps looking back, though, hoping to catch me glancing so she can take off before I even realize that we can start running. I refuse to look. I refuse to let her win.

Then she stops.

She turns to look at me and nearly shouts, "What the hell do you want?"

I pause, a bit startled, and look around. I was nowhere near my usual route home, and in front of me stood a girl, around ten years old. *Shit,* I think to myself, *I've been following some random little girl this whole time!*

"Oh, I, um..." Come on, brain, think of something! "I'm sorry, I thought you were someone I know."

"Do you always stalk the people you know?"

"Sorry, no, I was just daydreaming. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

"... What do I look like to you?"

She asked that with sincere curiosity. It'd seem a normal question if she said it with hostility, defensiveness, or really any form of anger, but it was a genuine question. It caught me off-guard. "Ummm, a little girl?"

"... Really?" she inquired. "A little girl. Interesting."

Now I was really confused. "Interesting? Why? Are you not a little girl?"

She gave a light chuckle. "No, dear, I'm most certainly not a little girl."

"What are you, then?"

"Well, to put it bluntly, I'm Death incarnate."

"... Okay, you've completely lost me. What?"

She grinned in a way that only a ten-year-old can when you've agreed to play a game with them that they know they're going to win. "I am Death. Mortals see me as they view death. Many look at me and see something horrid, painful, or gruesome. Some see beauty or freedom. I have been approached by a fair few people with some hope that I'm the man or woman of their dreams. I've also been shunned and feared by the strongest and most open-minded of folks. However you view your end of days is how you see me. I am Death. Nice to meet you."

I stared at her. This ten-year-old girl just introduced herself to me as Death incarnate. I glanced at her blonde pigtails with large plastic beads on the rubber bands, at her yellow dress with a dragonfly printed on the chest, at her white shoes with ladybug-shaped snaps, at her cheerful-looking bracelet comprised of lettered beads that spell out "death." I gazed at her eyes: black as night, but shimmering with life.

Death is a cute ten-year-old girl. I really didn't want to believe it, but for some reason, I knew it was true.

Okay.

She looked at me, waiting patiently for my reaction. What exactly am I supposed to say? Death is a ten-year-old girl. How can anyone respond to that?

"I guess that explains the cursing," I mutter, half to myself.

She blinks at me. "The cursing?"

"Yeah, when you stopped you said, 'What the hell do you want?' Having a cute little ten-year-old girl curse at me isn't exactly a normal experience."

She paused. Then she cracked a smile, trying and failing to stifle her laughter from pouring straight out of her soul. I had never seen anyone laugh so heartily and purely. I couldn't help but laugh a bit myself, just because her laughter was so perfectly happy. It was wonderful.

When she eventually calmed down, took a couple breaths, and wiped the tears from her eyes, she looked at me fondly. "Sweet child, you have a unique view of death indeed. I've seen you walk before. You always look distant, like your mind is elsewhere. What do you think of during those times?"

"Well, all sorts of things, really. Nothing that would make too much sense, though. At least, not enough for me to want to explain it."

"Come, now. You've made me laugh harder than anyone has in at least a couple millennia. Share with me!"

"Um, okay. Yesterday I was thinking of what it would be like to be a rice krispy trying desperately to fill with milk and sink to the bottom of the bowl, so that hopefully, you don't get eaten and just get washed down the sink with the last of the crumb-saturated milk."

Her face contorted with both amusement and absolute confusion. I honestly expected a worse reaction. In fact, I quite enjoyed the expression that my daydream had slapped onto her face. It was almost familiar somehow.

"Goodness," she started. "You are an interesting character to be sure. Those who find death approachable typically see me as a beautiful woman or an old friend. You, however, see me in a way that I've never heard of before: you see me as potential."

"Potential? For what?"

"For a new life. For many new lives, actually. I am a little girl to you because this is about the age that humans really begin to develop into what you will be for the rest of your lives. You, unique as you are, wish to return again and again to that time when the whole world was laid out in front of you and you needed only choose the path you wanted to take."

With every word she spoke, Death - this little girl - somehow became more and more beautiful. She remained young, but her hair shone brighter, her teeth were whiter, she spoke with more energy, more passion, and her eyes showed burning glimmers of optimism that grew and grew. This little girl became the most beautiful thing in the world to me. I wanted to... I don't know. I wanted to embrace her, to love her, to guide her, to care for her.... I wanted to become her. I wanted to be with her forever.

She gazed at me with her glimmering black eyes, and I couldn't help but gaze back, savoring every moment of being in her presence. Did I love her? Was I in love with Death, the little girl? Was this right?

"I don't normally do this," she began, taking my hand, "but you are such a unique person. There aren't many that have ever lived on this world with your view of me."

My heart was pounding. What was she about to do? I had no idea if it was something I was willing to let a ten-year-old do to me, but honestly, if it's Death doing it, then I'm okay with it, whatever it may be. My heart still pounded in my chest, though, as if it was trying to break out of my rib cage. It nearly hurt.

She was staring at my hand, holding it with one of hers and tracing random twisting lines over it with the other. "There's a woman in Kansas about to give birth."

I tried to speak, to ask her what she was talking about, but I could hardly breathe. There was a massive weight in my chest.

"Her name is Amber."

My head was swimming. I could hardly think straight. I still listened, though. I listened very intently to these words that were coming from the one thing I loved most in this world.

"She will name you Nathan." Death looked me in the eyes. The black had disappeared, replaced with red irises and a pure white pupil. Somehow, she was even more beautiful.

"I will be with you for the rest of eternity." Those were the last words I heard before it went black. The last words from the mouth of an enchanting little girl, just a moment before my death.

Then, I was born.