"Do ya feel lucky, punk?", I snarl, putting on the best menacing face I could muster.

"Eh, whatever, just get it over with, I've got things to do y'know", he replies, with just the tiniest hint of a smug smirk creeping across his face.

It's been one and a half millennia and I still haven't been able to wipe this arrogant little piece of shit of the face of the world. Whatever would Death think if they knew of my failure to send this little man to meet his maker? He was much akin to those tiny smudges, which simply refuse to be cleansed away, and he's been getting on my nerves more and more lately. As the messiah of Death, I'm not supposed to harbour personal grudges against my clients, but that can be difficult, when you're dealing with all these ignorant shitheads on the regular.

And then there's him.

No matter what I attempt, this little weasel always seems to get off. I've tried every coin I could get my hands on, used every conceivable orientation and strength level, under all kinds of weather conditions.

"You know the drill, call the flip", I tell him. At this point, I'm beginning to wonder if it's even worth my time with him. Delivering souls is hard work, and my schedule isn't getting any lighter with time.

He gazes at me pensively, as if reminiscing on the life he's led, all five hundred and forty-two years. "Tails", he calls, with unwavering confidence. "Go on then, let's get this goin'. I ain't got all day."

I flip the coin.

The coin blends into a metallic sphere, as it pirouettes through the air, meeting the tabletop with a clink.

I hold my breath as I glance over, fully expecting him to walk free away from me for the 53rd time.

Except it's heads.

"Ah damn, guess I couldn't get lucky 53 times in a row. Oh well, do what you must", he remarks casually.

How could he be so casual about it? I'd finally managed to make him kick the goddamned bucket! Was he just going to accept death so calmly?

A torrent of thoughts flood my head as I escort him towards the awaiting Ferryman. I had finally done it; I'd won against him!

As the ferry departs, I could've sworn that the faintest grin crossed his face as he looked back at me.

The smug son of a bitch.