Administrator Cazmez was silent for several long moments after the music had ended. Usually the piece resonated with him as it had with all Maderine, often bringing him to visible emotion. Five hundred Lumian transits had passed since the ancient probe had been discovered, finally bringing to the end an epoch of lonely stoicism that had defined his species in its youth. Their music had been dour, serious and mechanical, but the song aboard the alien disc had been none of those. It had been joyful, bouncy, and carried a promise of stalwart devotion that had changed Maderine culture overnight. Where once they had looked to the black abyss and felt so small, there was an eagerness to meet the species who had made this promise.

They had known a little of them, thanks to the disc carried by the drifting probe known as Voyager Six—where the other five had ended up was anybody’s guess—but it held images of them and their world, a richly diverse terrestrial planet beneath a yellow sun, and words of greeting in a myriad of languages. Everything the probe held, including the primitive scientific principles, were thoroughly dissected by teams of scientists trying to build an understanding of what it meant to be a ‘human’, and why they chose that particular song to end their message.

One of the theories, and it had been Cazmez’s preferred theory until a moment ago, was that it was a love song to the universe, rather than to the Maderine in particular. The humans, the theory furthered, were a peaceful race whose overriding purpose was the betterment of the universe for all sapient beings. That theory, Cazmez now knew, was absolute garbage.

“You’re sure?” he asked, looking up from the report. It was a pointless question, since there was no reason anybody would write so exhaustively on anything if they weren’t certain of it, but it was still a question he needed to ask. “It’s *not* the message we thought it was?”

Professor Lem, the author of the report, had remained silent as Cazmez had read through it, only twitching slightly when the song had begun to play. Like Cazmez himself, Lem had been a believer in the ‘Peaceful Builder’ hypothesis, and she had visibly aged since beginning her studies. The discovery of the abandoned human colonies had been big news several transits ago, and Lem’s selection as the primary investigator had been her proudest moment, but now it only looked like a curse. She closed her eyes and indicated to the negative. “No, it isn’t.”

Cazmez felt like he was being strangled. “But… *why?*”

“Because… it was funny,” she said after a moment. “It was a bait-and-switch joke to them, nothing more, although I find myself incapable of understanding the humour. It doesn’t stop there, of course, since every single theory about them is incorrect, but in this instance I think it was something called ‘gallows humor’. They made light of the emptiness of the universe by sending out a love song to nothing.”

“Not the joyful promise we were hoping for, then,” Administrator Cazmez concluded sourly. “Just a pointless act by an embittered dying race. This won’t go down well with the public, Professor; the Maderine can’t go back to how we once were. It was bad enough when it looked as though the humans had deserted us, but to discover that they have told us a lie? That this was, effectively, their goodbye? That will hurt them.”

“It will be very unfortunate,” Lem admitted, her eyes downcast.

Cazmez bristled. He liked Lem, but she was no politician and didn’t think like one. The twisted humor of an extinct species was no reason to send their own civilization spiraling into destruction. “It doesn’t have to be. All you have to do is reinterpret the data. Rewrite your report, Professor Lem.”

“You want me to lie?” she asked, aghast and with eyes widened. “Administrator, I—”

“Need to look at what else the humans have taught us?” Cazmez finished. “Whatever their goals, the human joke has given our people something to build towards, something to hope for, and a reason for being. It is proof that you can build greatness upon a lie, and that sometimes it is the truth that will hurt. We stand at a key moment in our history, Professor, and I hope you will choose the better future.”

While no Maderine enjoyed lying, Lem had taken the song’s words to heart and was obviously pained as she agreed. “Yes… I see your point.”

“Good, Professor,” Cazmez praised, trying to soothe away the remains of her reluctance as he led her to the exit. “And please remember: do not mention this to anyone else.”

++++ ++++ ++++

++Joined: Observer 5YD4]  
[Observer 5YD4]: so you guys remember how I was fucking around with rick-rolling those sadface xenos and they thought it was a message just for them and how I dropped a few hints about where they could find a few of our old colonies with working servers? well I just got word from their government networks and they’ve definitely decided to cover it up like they never found out it was all bullshit. turns out they can lie after all.  
[Observer 3NV2]: Awww! Your little species is growing up. I know you never gave up on them.  
[Observer 5YD4]: shutup. this was for science.  
[Observer 3NV2]: LOL! I know about the bet. I guess you’ve earned that fifty credits fair and square—if only that was worth something in a post-consumerist virtual existence. By the way, I found [what you were looking for] ++link removed (reason: rick-roll)++.  
[Observer 5YD4]: stfu! and don’t try to rickroll me I am the master of that shit!  
[Observer 3NV2]: It’s a good song, but it’s a really tired meme, you know, so it’s not really that funny anymore.  
[Observer 5YD4]: yeah, well fuck you ben.  
[Observer 3NV2]: No, Chad, fuck you. And learn to capitalize, it’s like chatting with a twelve year-old. See you in 5 days.  
++exit: Observer 5YD4 (reason: user banned from network with message: You know the rules and so do I.)++  
[Observer 1X2D]: Great, it’ll be less retarded in here for five days. Now, as I was saying about my own prank idea, it all starts with ten million images of cats and that species of dog we uplifted. I think this one could be *really* funny…
