The day that the world came under their control, it was storming violently, as if the very heavens themselves were raging against the new order. The rain lashed against the windows and my father sat in an armchair by the fire, the newspaper in his lap. But he wasn't reading; instead, his eyes were glued to the television, where a perfectly coiffed woman stood in front of the camera, smiling serenely. Dad's jaw was clenched, but the only sound was the rain and the crackle of the fire, other than the spotty broadcast.
"Greetings, Americans," The woman said, her teeth bared in some crazed semblance of a smile. "My name is Harper LaCroix, and I will be taking over your country." Dad's jaw clenched so hard I could feel his teeth grind.
As far as I was concerned, I was shocked, numb. How could this happen? How had this immaculate woman taken over the United States, seemingly overnight? As if in answer to my mental question, I looked around LaCroix, and instantly felt sick. There was the answer.
There was a small unit of guards standing around her, surrounding her so that she was shielded from everything but the camera. But Canada didn't permit weaponry, as far as I knew. They weren't armed, from what I could see.
"As America has turned into a global garbage fire," LaCroix continued, barely concealing a smirk at these words, "I've decided that it needs to be absorbed into Canada. For your own good." I couldn't say, even then, that she was wrong. But that also didn't mean that I wanted this. To do this without any real consent was nothing less than dictatorship, totalitarianism wrapped in a business-casual package. "I've taken your President hostage, and he has agreed to give in to my demands, in exchange for his life and the lives of countless American civilians." She waved a long, elegant hand at the suits behind her, and they parted silently at her wordless command.
True to her word, there was the President, bound and gagged, his fine Armani suit crumpled and stained with pink. Had they shot him?
My father sputtered from his place in the armchair, his face turning a dangerous shade of puce. "This is outrageous! Impossible! How would that woman"--He said these two words like a violent curse--"even be able to do this? Surely the President has better security than that! This is a national threat!" It was all I could do not to tell him to be quiet; I was trying to listen, for heaven's sake. I flapped a hand at him to quiet down, not bothering to speak. I was still in shock, my blood slowing like honey in my veins.
I could not tell if LaCroix was addressing the whole country; the room in which she stood was blank and white, remote in a disturbing kind of way. All she needed to add to the creep factor was a mask. I tried to filter out my father's fuming, though I could feel my own rage starting to bubble under the numbness. How could this happen? Did this mysterious woman somehow take out the whole Secret Service in her lust for power?
"All Americans--and I do mean all, regardless of social standing or wealth--" She bared her teeth again, but this time, it was more like a snarl, aimed in the helpless Commander in Chief's direction. Her eyes, a brown that was more amber than earthlike, shone with a fire that chilled me down to the bone. This woman was quite possibly mad, and that scared me even more than my father's rage, "will receive free health care, preexisting conditions included." She tried to smile, but it just made her look manic. Twitchy, squirrelly. "I feel like I've lost my mind," Dad said quietly, and I nodded, agreeing with him. "Though truthfully, I wouldn't mind free health care." He added under his breath. I barked a laugh.
"Even if it comes at the price of our freedom as Americans?" I asked, and to my surprise, my father smirked. "Would it be so bad if we weren't Americans anymore?" 