Grok thought.

He thought about the baby he was having, he thought about the hedges he was trimming and the lawns she was mowing. he thought about the car he was driving and the road she was paving.

And he thought about names.

Such a small thing, yet it determined so much. Grok remembered his first life, two hundred thousand years ago, language had yet to be invented but his mother had made a certain noise to call him, and that had been his name.

He remembered hunting and killing and fucking, he remembered his first son and he remembered being his first father, he remembered the groups of himself that he organized to clear out the neighboring tribes, he remembered sharpening rocks to cut them with. he remembered the first time he saw fire.

He remembered his first death, when he realized that it wasn't just other people who could go away. and the frantic expansion that followed it as he killed everything within miles of him to preserve his own life. dying multiple times in the process.

He remembered Karg, the first dog he trained to help him hunt the others, each time Karg would have a child he would name him Karg, and he would be good.

It took him a bit to realize that the sound was what was important. that the children would not be him if he did not make the specific sounds that made his name. when he did he realized that there were other people, people who would try to erase his name.

So he built camps, fortified cave entrances and made weapons to help him kill the other-namers.

20,000 years he fought against the Klunks and the Roars. eventually killing all that remained within his borders. for 50,000 years he was happy, he lived on his land and he ate his fruit, just Groks and Kargs. he invented language, and writing, though they served little purpose for him they allowed him to communicate with Yilth traders.

After his 100,000th birthday Grok decided that he was tired of living alone. he negotiated with the Yilth to move thousands of Groks to the Yilth colony in East-Asia, where they would interact with each other, hesitantly at first and then more regularly. Grok got to know Yilth and Yilth got to know Grok.

One day Yilth shared something with Grok, he told him that he had discovered great wisdom, and that he wanted to share it with Grok. the Yilth called this the Scientific Method.

A thousand years passed, Yilth and Grok worked to discover the border of their knowledge. they expanded their territory to cover everything from one sea to the other. they created cars and trains that could move them faster than even the fastest Groks could run.

Soon they built something that allowed them to cross the sea, Grok did not believe there was anything else, but Yilth remained unconvinced. so they set off on boats, tens of thousands of them launched a year, each with at least one Grok and one Yilth.

And they discovered islands. beautiful gardens filled with fruits that Grok had never seen, and animals he had never thought of. the first time they discovered it Yilth pushed Grok into a volcano, and they laughed about it for centuries afterwords.

They found continents too, though there was no-one there. Grok prefered the southern parts while Yilth prefered the more northern climates.

Millennia passed, Grok and Yilth were happy. then they discovered space travel.

Grok and Yilth had known about the stars for a long time, but it was not until Grok invented a Telescope to see them better that they began to realize just how many there were. millions, billions, trillions of stars! and each had planets, just like theirs!

This worried Grok and Yilth. if there were other planets than did that mean there were other people? would they come and try to erase their names?

Grok didn't know. Yilth didn't either. they spent a century looking at the sky, wondering when the other-names would come down and destroy everything they had built. but none ever did.

They built ships, to try and go find the others before they found them, but their ships were slow and they decided that the stars were to numerous for them to find them that way.

So Yilth created a plan. if they could not go to the other-names, they could bring the other names here.

So Grok got pregnant, and gave birth to a child named AAAAAAAAA.

Do you know who you are?