I guess you could say it came a little different then Hollywood said it would. Night of the Living Dead, Walking Dead,  28 days, weeks, whatever. I mean, the main idea was correct, the dead have risen and they are starved for human brains. The thing is is that when the contaminated meat was sent out most people only got mild stomach aches, some inconveniencing shits and blown chunks and after a few days it was back to business as usual. It seemed like your everyday, run of the mill, unethical farming practice slip up. That was until a few septuagenarians ate some bad meatloaf at their retirement communities and dropped dead. Flat out croaked. Now we’ve got a full blown 80’s Jack n the Box tragedy on our hands. But lets be real, old people die all the time. Little flu, bad allergies, t shirt in sweater weather and they’re 6 feet. This however, was when things started getting fucked.

Before they could even wheel them out of their rooms the dead started waking up. They looked decrepit, skin translucent and bluish, and their eyes burned with red, glowing light. They growled and moaned and walked around in a possessed daze. Since everything else looked normal the doctors figured the red eyes were a side effect to the contamination and cleared them to return to their normal daily activities. Next thing you know grandmas and grandpas are getting bitten at Bingo. More drop dead, more red eyes. Before we know it its a nationwide crisis, with oldies everywhere turning into flesh eating zombies.

 A terrible situation for our greatest generation but honestly it could be worse. You see when you start with such a frail base turning into a zombie kind of only makes things more difficult for them. They can’t keep their dentures in their mouth so their biting power is basically null. The slow got slower, the fragile got fragiler, the close to death got, uh, post death? Whatever the case its created for a weird time. Luckily my Parents folks all died year before so I never had to politely fend them off and smash their skulls with a bat. Damn that would of sucked. I never thought I’d say this but, man, thank god for cancer.