There he stood. Nothing like the nightmare prince my imagination had conjured up. His suit was that of lawyer, the honest kind whose pro bono cases had came with tailored suit product placements on his body. 

His hair, it was the stuff of champions, jet black with silver streaks reflecting the flickering flames that danced in the background.  

He placed his hand over my shoulders and squeezed had. 

“This ...” he started as the a living-room rose the ashes, black panels with white shelves sticking out. “This is the hall of ... what the heck, call it whatever, Home if you like.” 

I wiggle my shoulder free and survey my new apartment. It is a replica of my old one with the exception of the constant smell of sulphur and the occasional scream from my neighbours. 

“Obviously, they will be a few house keeping rules, and some form of rent.”

“Well, I have a couple in the bank”

“Had.” He corrected as the illusion of sweet living deserted the shelves and revealed the dry bones that clung tightly desperately together. 

“I am funny.” 

“I have Robin Williams.” He said as a finger bone lost its grip and cluttered on the floor and exploded into flames. 

“I am a ton of fun.” 

“Is this is your definition of fun, I would rather listen to father and Micheal’s lectures on humility.” 

“A pint easily remedies that.” 

He snapped his fingers and the shelve disintegrated. The bones cluttering to the ground and regathering their purpose in the shape of a hand that conjured up a cold glass of beer born to the northern cold. 

I reached to, caution strangling my desire not to offend and swallowed down the first sip. It was definitely heaven in the presence of the devil. 

I took another mouthful, this time, consciously trapping the bubbling form in my cheeks. Allowing the pleasure to soak through my pores and past the shackles of morality that kept my modesty in power. 

“And ..” he said. But nothing mattered more, I swallowed the golden nectar and gulp a couple more mouthfuls before the shackles of self consciousness fell loose and cluttered on the floor. 

“Did your old man ever tell you how I ended up on here.” 

His intrigue morphed into a scholars obsession. 

“It started with a nun, an aphrodisiac, and bad intentions in a church.” 
 
His smile reached to the peeks of his cheeks and he leaned in with a smirk. “You did a Mary.” He added. 