"Here we go!..."
A loud sound came from somewhere nearby, but we could never identify the sound or the location. It was from everywhere, and  it was nowhere, and it sounded like a mixture of one long continuous thunder rumble and a lion's roar. They were coming for us, again. I hated that sound. They always come at night, when it's darkest. First, they came only during the day, when it was light, but we fought them off. Then they came for us at night while we slept, and though we lost a lot of good people, for some reason stopped soon after. Now, they come only with a warning first. A loud booming sound resonates from the sky before the hole opens, and all of our sirens go off, and then the rumble-roar builds to an unbelievable climax, and we know that as soon as it crescendos, they hole will open and we'll fight again. I'm so tired. 

The roar is getting louder. Windows and loose items are starting to shake. People are readying their weapons; everybody aiming at the still-forming hole. The incoming force is always ugly and loud, but slow. We've been able to take a lot of them out, but every wave feels like we barely made a dent. They don't kill us, at least on purpose- they just capture us and take us back into the hole. I lost a lot of good friends. I lost a lot of family. I feel like cattle. I don't want to fight anymore. I'm old. I'm feeling tired. Let the young ones carry this battle till tomorrow- I'm done today. It's my last. I need this to end. I start to move to where the hole is forming.

The end of the roar is almost here. I haven't timed it, but it can't last more than a minute or two. When I was younger, it felt like an eternity, and my heart would pound and my pulse quickened- I would sometimes inadvertently tap my foot on the ground in anticipation. God, it's getting louder now. I have to plug my ears, and I see many others doing the same. This is it; a few seconds now. I used to get crazy adrenaline rushes, but now, there's just calm. I'm ready to accept my fate. 

"GET READY! IT'S ALMOST TIME, BOYS!"
Somebody's yelling at somebody, and guns are being aimed, and I'm standing directly in front of the nearly formed hole, a few yards away. Nobody else is as close as I, but nobody is telling me to get back. I can start to see inside of it, and I see nothing but lights and stars for what feels like eternity.  Ugh- nausea now; I hope I don't throw up in the hole. Or maybe I should. Whatever. I don't care. I just want it to end. I'm going to walk right into that hole and end this. I can't fight anymore. I'm ready.

"FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!"
Time stands still for me. I'm ready. Bullets are whizzing by so close my ear hairs are bristling, but nothing is hitting me for now. There go the creatures above me, and beside me, and strangely enough, below me. I'm inside of the hole now, and all around me is black and little points of light. I'm going to keep walking until I can't walk anymore, and when I wake up, I'll be in eternity, one form of it or another. The sounds of gunfire sound like they're coming from inside a large pool of water now, but I'm not afraid. There's a whole mess of creatures in front of me, and I'm going to calmly walk up to them and they'll kill me and that'll be that. 

...I'm invisible? That's the only explanation for it. All around me are those damned creatures, but they're not paying attention to me. They're actively avoiding me, and instead paying attention only to the people they're capturing. These people are being shoved onto slabs face-up, clamped so they won't move, and then cut open to remove... a liver? No, that's not right Not quite remove, but pull out, still connected.Also, not the liver directly, butsomething on the liver. Everybody is screaming, but as soon as the screamer quiets, they discard the person, even if they're still alive. They're scraping small globules off of the liver and putting them into containers and then throwing away the body... God, we are cattle to them. Other different creatures are in the room now, and they're all yelling and talking in their own languages, exchanging various trinkets for the containers of whatever they took off of our livers. I can start to feel my blood pressure rise and my heart quicken- We are nothing more than a supply source for them. This isn't right. This isn't how I want to go. I need to calm down now. 

Some of the creatures are eating the liver globules, and there's an instant change in their behavior; they get excited, and if they have eyes, I can see their pupils widen, and then they start running all over the place, or sometimes in place, or they start fighting with each other... or mating? I can't tell. Those who can't exchange trinkets are searching the floor for any spilled globules to ingest. The fighting outside of the hole must be done now, so I start to look around for any survivors, and then I remembered that even if I did find them, I don't have any way to close wounds or stop infection, so all around me, I see my species dying, and I can't do anything. 

No, I can do something. An idea is starting to form. I break off a blade from one of the tools they use to cut us open. I'm going to die still, but not easily. My heart is quickening again. My breath is short and fast, and nobody notices me. I'm invisible. I'm going to kill every last one of them. There's one lizard/worm creature on the ground, trying desperately to eat some globule that belonged to one of us. He'll be the first to go. I'm calm. I'm cool. I'm detached. I swing the blade down on what I assume is the neck, and it passes through easily; the head is gone, and the body is limp. Suddenly, I feel a surge of adrenaline. It occurs to me somewhere in the back of my mind that the adrenal gland is found at the top of the liver, and that's what's being consumed by these things. It doesn't matter though; they'll all die. 

"Who's next?"
Some things are starting to notice me now. Some thing on the first creature type's head is pointed straight towards my stomach, but it's not their eyes; it's just a machine; I can hear the whir of mechanical gears and see the lights on the end.  I use the blade to take out the nearest of those creatures, and he falls easily, the machine on his head going limp right away. More adrenaline surges through me, and now more of the machines are pointed at me, and other nearby creatures are starting to notice me. Bring it on. I'm ready.

"LETS GO!"
Now I'm in full on bloodlust mode. I'm an old 1st century Norse Berseker now, and I'm angry. These are my people, and we are not cattle, dammit! I swing the blade left and right, without care of who I hit or how I hit them; they'll all pay. They'll all die. The entire room of creatures is convening on me now, and every machine on every head as far as I can see is pointed at me, and they'll all die. My blade is cutting through them all with ease, and I now I should be tired, but the adrenaline is keeping me going. My adrenaline. My human adrenaline that belongs in my body and is not for sale and they'll all die for trying to take it from me. This is mine. All creatures will die. I will die, but all creatures will die first. I don't see anything any more. I'm just feeling happy whenever I feel my blade connect with something fleshy. 

The room is empty now. I'm the only one left alive. I'm cut, and I'm beat, and I'm pretty sure I can only move my arm and my head, but all around me are dead bodies of various creatures, or dying. Strange creature appendages are here and there, some still flopping around, but none are trying to get me at the moment. I can feel my age again. I can feel how tired I am. I need to sit down. Others are here now, and they found me. I'm ready to die. 

They came in loud from a door somewhere far away, all in matching uniforms that hid their species type, and made them all look like various robots of different sizes. They had weapons of some sort pointed all over the room, and at me, but I'm too tired to fight again, so I don't move. Nobody says a word. Nobody fires a weapon. Some of them start to inspect the various bodies on the floor, but they all kept their weapons on me. The robot creature in front walks up to me, slowly holstering his weapon and putting his arms in the air. It made me look like he was surrendering; I laughed. Surprisingly I heard a feminine laugh from behind the helmet. The robot raised it's visor, and it was a human woman inside.

"Bonjour", she said. I stared blankly back at her. She tried again, waving her hand. "Bonjour? Hola? Ciao? Namaste? Hello? Konichiwa?"

"Hi", I said back. She started laughing again. 

"Oh, thank god. I was afraid I'd have to get a translator!" She has a slight accent. "Don't worry, we're the good guys. We're basically the police here."

"Hi." I said again. I didn't know what else to say. 

"So you did all this huh? It was adrenaline, you know. They come for our adrenaline. It's a real upper in certain parts of the universe, but it's hard to come by synthetically. It's much easier to find it naturally, and wouldn't you know it, we humans are one of the only creatures that produce it naturally." She started laughing at this.

"...oh." What are you supposed to say to something like that, after all. 

"Yeah. This is a basically a drug bust; adrenaline in different creatures causes different reactions- some use it as an energy source, some as a aphrodisiac, some space out, but it's pretty heavily regulated pretty much everywhere. Sorry about everything. We've been trying to find the source of this wormhole for a few months now. I guess you did all the paperwork for us." She kicked a still oozing appendage that belonged to what looked like a moth with fins nonchalantly as she said that.

"...ah. Um, I have to throw up now. Excuse me." And I did. She started laughing again. I hated her.

"Yeah, go ahead. That's what happens after you get an adrenaline rush. It's a hell of a drug, isn't it?"



