Or so most of the world thought of him. 

In truth, he was the **Beggar King**. Sprawled throughout the Gotham landscape, his agents brought him word of daily happenings from all corners of the city. At Battery Park, a robbery. It had to be punished, and so the Army Penniless would soon scour the shores for the culprit. At Central Park, the Sisters of Begged Charity collected from the crowds who went back and forth throughout the ambling paths. In truth, though, his eye fell on a single target.

Word of it had come in just hours before, from his Blind Spies who staked out the city corners and watched from the alleys, overlooked and ignored by the crowds who roamed the streets. It had been an explosion, a flash of blue light, almost undetectable but visible for a split second. And there? In the middle of that light? A city, they claimed. Roaming Jimmy had said it looked of towers that looked like nothing else in New York, buildings of white metal that glowed of self created light.

"Was ain't somethin you see everyday," Jimmy had told him.

"I know, and you will never see it again."

"Don't suppose there's hopin you'll let ol' Jimmy in on the secret?"

"Not today, Jimmy. But, perhaps, one day."

Jimmy tipped his cap and walked away from the Poverty Throne, his false limp dragging his leg behind him as he returned to the streets. The moment he had, the Beggar King stood from the throne and walked to the back wall. It was shrouded in darkness and hidden from the distant street. Still, the brick he laid his hand upon began to glow at his touch as a voice sang from the wall. *"State authorization."*

"I was here at the beginning, but will not stay to the end."

The moment the words left his mouth, the old man appeared in a white chamber. His rolling cloaks that hid his form vanished in sparkling light, replaced by a single white uniform that covered him from neck to foot. As he stepped forward, a round panel rose out from the ground, his fingers touching it as he said, "User: Asmodeus."

*"Welcome, Prince of Ithor."*

He nodded at the greeting but said nothing else, preferring to focus on the controls at his hands. In seconds, the wall in front of him vanished, replaced instead by a view of a city. Its towers rose to heights unheard of, their white walls glowing as if energy pulsed in the walls themselves. As he looked upon the city, his eyebrows creased together, his chest heaving outward as he heaved out painful words. "So, then, it comes to this once more. From the depths of Pocket Space, you beckon. Another reality to chase. Another world to consume. Is this all that has become of my people? Are we orphans, scattered to the distant universes, condemned to repeat the Eternal Recurrence?" As he watched, the azure skies behind the city tinted, if ever briefly, with a flash of red. At the sight of it, Asmodeus bowed his head, his clenched hands falling to his hips. "Then you live then, o Destroyer. Whatever shall be the fate of this world?"