It had seemed a pretty standard, non reality shattering, kind of boring day up until about 2 in the afternoon central standard time. I was home, minding my own non-business, putting off all of the stuff I was supposed to do. I mean, why do anything productive when you can repetitively mastur.... I don't know why I'm telling you this, what's important is that it was a pretty standard day for me.

It all started when I left my house. I had ran out of snacks. At the time, I had thought it impossible, but things we're about to get worse. I hopped in my 1997 dodge neon, and continued my odyssey to my local grocer. On the way there I felt a little strange in a way that was hard to describe, like my mind was skipping every few seconds. My thoughts seemed to lag a second or two behind. I attributed this to the extreme hunger, and carried on bravely. 

I arrived at the All American Food Store, and stocked up on snacks like some sort of storm was coming, and headed back to my metaphorical bunker. A shame I didn't have any chicks to invite back with me, though. I paid with my credit card at the checkout, and went back to my car. 

On my return trip home, I decided that I just couldn't wait. The feeling had came back, and I couldn't take it any longer. I spotted the Olive Garden, and quickly pulled in. The feeling was getting worse. I parked, and almost ran into the Olive Garden. It was getting almost unbearable. Maybe it was getting worse the closer I got to Olive Garden? No, that's just silly. 

I am seated. I can't wait for the main course, and I'm almost broken as the waitress is bringing out my drink. I start devouring the bottomless breadsticks on the table in front of me. I felt so bad, I wasn't sure I would make it to my food coming out. I was so hot, it felt like I was overheating. I kept eating breadsticks, not paying attention to anything but the feeling. Not really noticing that the breadsticks should have been depleted by now. 

I was so caught up by the feeling that I almost didn't notice it. A mouse cursor appeared on my field of vision. I stopped eating the breadsticks. The mouse moved from the top right of my vision, and hovered over the breadsticks. I heard a clicking noise, and a menu popped up. The mouse clicked on the delete button near the bottom of the menu, and the breadsticks vanished. 

I seemed to cool down. My mind became smooth again. I also panicked. Had someone drugged me? I was pretty sure that wasn't how drugs worked, but I knew I was not sleeping. Who would dream about the kind of day I had just lived up until a few moments ago? I stared at the spot on the table where the breadsticks had been, so lost in my own thoughts I didn't notice the waitress walk up to my table and say something. 

Finally, I looked up.

"Are you ready to order?"

...

Meanwhile, Mike filed out a bug report on the PlayRoy website. 

"Bottomless breadsticks actually infinite, making cpu overheat. pls fix."