"Excuse me, Herr Hitler?" 

The young man turned around, and I found myself face to face with the most despised man in human history. At that moment, the gun in my waistband felt particularly heavy. How easy it would be. I could end it right here. But where was the fun in that.

"Yes, who is asking?" Adolph Hitler asked, a shadow of skepticism creeping over his face. The sense of paranoia sat heavy in the air, and I knew I would only have a few seconds to successfully make my pitch. I had to be quick and efficient, but most of all, convincing.

"Sorry to bother you," I continued. "My name is Frederik Müller. I read your book, and I have to say, I couldn't agree more. The Jews have worked their way into positions of power and influence, and have done everything they can to sabotage our great country. But, I think I have a solution that you might find very... appealing." 

His right eyebrow rose ever so slightly, an indication of either interest, or further skepticism. It didn't matter, the hook had been buried deep. I had presented myself as a like-minded individual, someone sympathetic to his delusions. 

"And what sort of solution might you be proposing?" Hitler pressed. Here came the tricky part.

"Science has come a long way," I began, "and I don't have to tell you that we are more advanced than our governments would care to indicate. I have sources that confirm that Soviet and American scientists have achieved things incomprehensible to the ordinary human mind. I am sure our own government has similar projects underway. With this in mind, I implore that you keep an open mind to what I am about to tell you."

"Go on." 

"I have done a lot of research, and I have concluded that the source of your problems come from one man, Richard Abrams. He is a German rabbi, who made the transition to businessman, politician, and masterminded the Jewish conspiracy that you know so well. I propose, that we go back in time, and kill him."

Hitler's eyes grew wide. "Time travel..." Despite his hesitation, there was a deeper sense of knowing behind his eyes. He knew that science had advanced in recent years. Was it possible, he would be thinking. Could it really be possible?

"Yes, it is," I said, answering his unspoken question. "I work with a small group of Austrian scientists. We have developed a device capable of time travel. I assure you, they are reasonable men. They are of the same opinion as us. So, what do you say?"

He looked me over, the skepticism slowly fading to belief, and, what was that on his face now, hope? He slowly stepped towards me and reached out his hand. I grasped it in mine, and shook it firmly. 

"How shall we do it?" He asked.

"Well," I described, "we will have to go back to when Richard was just a child. I hope you have no reservations about killing a kid. Think of the larger picture. You will be saving Germany from certain destruction."

Hitler nodded, "No reservations Herr Müller. I would revel in the honor to kill that man myself. He has been the source of all my struggles."

I smiled knowingly at Adolph Hitler. It had worked. He had agreed to the mission. The judges were going to love this one. I would be awarded extra points for sure. Sure, other contestants had come up with interesting and unique ways in the past. Bulldozer him over. Fall through a man hole into a crocodile-infested sewer. Freeze him to death in a meat locker. But nobody had ever convinced Hitler to go back in time to kill Hitler.