I brushed the dust and gunk off the new Polaroid camera. Well, it wasn't 'new' but it was new to me. Pawn shops have always been a fun place to find cheap toys. There seemed to be a full roll of film still in the camera too!  
On the way out the door I snapped a picture of Rex, my German Shepherd just to make sure the camera worked. If it didn't I planned to take it home and use the parts on my mechanical 'new-age' art project. As I shook and blew the Polaroid I bent down to pet Rex. "You're such a good boy, let's see how good you look in an old camera!" To my astonishment the picture developed and Rex was but a puppy. A very small puppy actually-one that should still be nursing; eyes closed, ears closed and posed as though he were waddling around for a nipple. Rex just had his 10 year birthday a few weeks ago and CERTAINLY wasn't a puppy.  
At first I thought the film might be pre-exposed, but I personally watched the photo form. Baffled, I snapped a picture of the pawn shop behind me. The bars on the windows were gone, the graffiti was different and the sidewalk was cleaner. It just felt like a freshly developed picture from a decade ago.  
I rushed home with Rex to tell my roommate about this camera. No way would David ever believe this. I threw open the front door and rushed into David's room.  
"Bro, you are NOT going to believe this camera man. It's like it takes pictures from the past!"  
"Fuck off man, I've got a research paper to write before Thursday."  
"No, I'm serious, look at these. This is Rex! I just took this about 20 minutes ago!"  
"Cool story bro, you have a picture of a puppy. Honestly, man, I don't have time for your nonsense right now."  
"Ugh.. let me show you."  
I took a picture of David as he flipped me off. Pulling the photo from the camera I shook it off and watched as it slowly started to form.  
"HAHA Oh my GOD! Are you serious? You had a bowl cut? You look like you were stuck in the 1990s!" I exclaimed as I showed him the picture.  
"Holy shit man! That's me! Where'd you get this picture?"  
"I just took it! I tried to tell you!"  
We tried to make sense of the situation but, naturally, it wasn't easy. "Dude, this is cool, lets see what this house looked like 10 years ago." David said. This sounded like a great idea. I took a picture of the living room. The furniture was all different, floral couches, with a light blue paint on the walls. There was a recliner in the corner of the living room with a middle-aged balding man in it. He wore dirty jeans and a white under-shirt. On the end table was a mixture of cans and bottles of beer.  
"Who the hell is that?" David said.  
"I don't know, I guess the person that lived here ten years ago." I wasn't really sure who that was either. I didn't know much about the home's history, and as a renter I didn't really care.  
"Lets go see what our rooms looked like. The living room was disgusting. " I said.  
We first went into my room. As a college student there wasn't a lot in my room. I rented the basement room out of a mid sized single family home since renting a room was the most economical option. I centered the mattress on the floor in the frame and snapped a picture. When the picture loaded I stared in disbelief.  
"What's your room like?" David said.  
I began to tremble as David came over to look.  
On the floor was a young woman, tied up and gagged. She was mostly undressed with scratches covering most of her upper body. She was looking toward the doorway with tears filling her eyes and running down her cheeks as she sat on her knees, hands bound behind her back.  
"Oh my God! Oh my God!" David said. "What the fuck is THIS? Is that Megan? Bro if this is a joke I swear to god you better tell me now. This is fucked up and it's not funny."  
"I-if this is a joke I'm not in on it." I told him.  
"What is she looking at? I don't even want to be in this room right now man, this is messed up. Should we call the police?" David said, trembling. Megan was a student at our university who infamously came up missing many years ago. People tell stories about her murder or capture but nobody ever really knew what happened to her. The entire town was shaken when it happened. This was a college town with a small community feel and a very low crime rate.  
I took a photo of the door way as if to see what she was looking at. The resulting photo was clearer than the one taken in the living room. You could clearly see a heavy-set man with a white shirt leaning against the door jamb holding a bottle in one hand. His face was instantly recognizable. The pawn shop owner, minus a few years of age. I knew that face anywhere. I have been to the pawn shop at least once a month for years. I began to hyperventilate.  
"Oh, my god David, it's Gary, the pawn shop guy! I know him!" I said breathing heavily. 
"Does he know what this camera is? Does he know where you live? Why would he sell you this? We have to go to the police!" Dave was starting to get nervous.  
Suddenly we heard a heavy pounding at the door.  
*knock knock*  
From the other side a familiar voice shouted "Open up, I know you're in there."   