If we could be immortal that would be great. Think of the multiple possibilities, the genius that are still alive and making the world a better place. Colonizing the solar system, the galaxies.... hell the whole universe, it would be perfect. 

True I had everything I wanted in heaven, but my curiosity couldn't stop me. I HAD to check what happened to earth, I felt like it was my duty to do so being the last person on earth to die. Decided to do so after a 100 years so that I could witness the whole evolution of mankind

I slowly slip into the "Projection lake", it is a lake where one can dive in and see what is happening anywhere in the "mortal not so mortal anymore" realm. 

I dive into a depth of 5-6 meters (needless to mention there's no need to breath) then call a vision of Neptune. To my moderate surprise the planet is still empty, well a 100 years was not enough maybe to colonize this far. Well lets jump to Mars. I open my eyes and to not so moderate surprise Mars is still as empty as it was when NASA uploaded some pictures.... Well let's not get discouraged, this time the Moon. 

Opening my eyes on the Moon I still see the same barren wasteland that I saw during my living years. Come on my children, surely you can't be serious, you had a 100 years with the best scientist to go you to the Moo....n. As I lifted my eyes to the Earth, something was not quite right, it's beautiful blue color was different, something bad happened. 

As I was starting to get more and more worried I was very anxious to open my eyes... But then I opened them. It was white, pure snow white and not a trace of life. What happened? God's punishment to mankind? No this can't be right! I start roaming the earth in search of some clues, but I can't interact with anything... I decide to get out of the lake.

For years I've been roaming the earth now in search of some clues about what happened to humans. And at last I found it. In a city situated in what was known back in my days as Cairo, I found writings on the walls inside the Pyramids that were almost covered to the top by the snow. It was written by a certain John Titer and his message was: 

"Humans can't be trusted with anything, we thought immortality could mean salvation for the humankind, scientist and geniuses could remain alive, but also the same politicians who over the years grew hungry with power remained. It was a disaster, human had grown mad, creating weapons each deadlier than the other... That is until Fadol Lerhit, the mad scientist created the "summoner", a device capable of attracting meteors to Earth... It didn't turn out well for anyone, Earth shifted from it's orbit, polarity was reversed... I don't know, I don't care... But what I know is that the planet is dying, everything is freezing, and since we can't die, we are freezing. Guess we'll have to wait for better days to wake up."

I knew it, but I didn't want to admit, I had my doubts, but I didn't want to admit it. The reality of it is too cruel... I search inside the Pyramid for John's body and I found it, frozen, curled up in a fetal position. 

Guess death was a deliverance after all...


PS: Why do imagination keep coming when I only have exams? ;_; 

PPS: My point is, as much as I love the idea of immortality, humans can't be trusted with such a thing (and yes Fadol Lerhit = adolf hitler) 