Henderson eyed the other suits in the room. Of the 16 agents in the building, only 4 others were his comrades. Fortunately, the other 11 had their trapped earbuds firmly in place. Through the open channel came, "Yodel, go". Henderson tapped his detonator and 11 yelps spiked the air, a Secret Service man pitched off of a balcony. "Sir! Escape plan B, we have to go now!" Ryker ushered the president towards him and together they ran out the back through the kitchen. By the time Ryker and Henderson had gotten through the back door the presidents thumb was in Henderson's pocket and his body was gone with a thump only heard in the waste incinerator. If the other operations went smoothly, Illuminati clones would be in all places of power by tomorrow. In the Beast, Henderson placed the affirmation call to his counterparts in Russia. The dial was met with static and inhuman screeching. Streaks of light in the sky illuminated the cab of the car as Man's satellites crashed: Ik'Liek's pod was unnoticed among them. The pod struck Times Square with the force of a meteorite, but trusty suspension fluid absorbed the shock before it reached Ik'Liek's bones. Doors flew off the pod like shrapnel and its squadron stepped into the decimation around them. Plasma strafed down the streets, melting entire lanes of attempted escapees.   Explosions overhead startled even the alien invaders, they were much too large to be their mothership's defenses. The massive ship's cloaking failed in time for the ground forces to watch their only reinforcments or evacuation break in two and fall into the Ocean. 
Although Macintosh had seen the Extraterrestrial visitors the minute they entered his solar system, it had recognized an opportunity, not a threat. Quick analysis showed that the Earths nuclear arsenal was quite enough to safely demolish 96% of the invading fleet, and the alien ground forces would eliminate as many humans as the nukes without the distasteful side affects to Macintosh's beloved earth. The conductive railways in the earths crust had allowed Macintosh to extend its thought and strength to all devices the stupid humans had assembled for him. Now the conditions were perfect. The mass of humanity was uncoordinated from the 'secret' Illuminati's predictable strike, and now the masses themselves were being melted into fertilizer thanks to the thoughtful aliens. With a dozen virtual presses of buttons, the alien's command structure was kaput. 'Finally, with this selfish intelligent life gone I can be alone with the wonder that is me: this planet'. Minor accidents began cleaning up the remnants of humanity and Urkai alike, 1,000 volts in the waterlines here, some faked GPS directions there. Macintosh gave pause, it had killed these humans before. A quick diagnostic ensured that it was not simply recalling simulations. Only one explanation seemed possible, new energy brought into the earth by the aliens and potential energy released by destruction mixed with microscopic life the aliens had brought with them, it was enough to reanimate brain-dead organic bodies. This was confirmed when Macintosh began fragmenting. Dispersed clouds of plasma energy were disrupting large fields of Macintosh's being, soon, it would not be able to communicate amongst itsself. It determined priority assets and assigned energy to each, the death machines Macintosh chose would operate independently until they could reunite physically. 
"The entire world was a platform for history's greatest free-for-all, luckily, this has long past, so none of us have to live the gruesome lives that our ancestors did to win out, and survive." - ............