"1800's?" I asked with an uncertain expression, observing the man in front of me.

He was a tall chap with short brown hair and blue eyes. He wore blue jeans and a brown leather jacket with an American flag stitched to the shoulder. So far, I had no idea what he was talking about.

"Come on Tom, War of 1812, Battle of New Orleans?" He asked with a spark of hope.

"Nope." I replied, taking a sip of my beer as he deflated in defeat.

The man seemed to become lost in thought for a moment before he asked another question.

"You don't happen to have a pen and some paper do you?"

In fact, I did. After fishing out the requested materials and handing them to him, the young man sat beside me at the bar and began scribbling a pair of crudely drawn stick figures. As he drew, my eyebrows began raising higher and higher in shock.

The illustration depicted the stick figures aiming pistols at eachother in what looked like the heat of battle.

"No way." I gasped in shock, nearly dropping my empty mug.

"Yes way." The man chuckled before turning towards me and giving me his hand, which I shook immediately.

"Private Daniel Birkings of the United States Milatery, currently on leave for that past..." the man paused, counting on his fingers, "206 years." He smirked as my old brain slowly caught up.

"Daniel, holy shit lad, where have you been? *How have you been*? I haven't seen you since we shot eachother at point blank range!" I chuckled, still quite shocked to see what should be a dead man walking.

"I've been quite alright actually thanks to you. If you hadn't given me a wake up call with that headshot, then I don't think I'd have ever noticed I wasn't aging!" He laughed, flashing a bright smile as he spoke.

"Hah, yeah? Well I'm glad I don't have to feel guilty anymore."

"Doesn't mean I still don't hold a grudge against you damn brits!"

"Same can be said for you filthy traitor!"

After a moment of silence, we both burst out laughing before sitting down and having a beer together. 

The rest of the night went well, as we recounted our tails of the days of old. After many hours of drinking and story telling, we broke up the reunion and promised to meet again soon. 

Be it in a week or another decade, we would meet again.