Vincent was annoyed.

This was not particularly unusual. Vincent was regularly annoyed at something. But this particular annoyance seemed just impossible to rectify no matter how he dealt with it. 

Mega-burger was slam packed. Estimated time at the drive-thru was 13 minutes. This was completely unacceptable.

He took a breath, and let out a long, exasperated sigh, “I suppose one more try won’t kill me.” 

And with one more deep breath he filled his lungs, closed his eyes, and concentrated on the etherial wisps of light flowing around him and all matter in his view. He felt the familar wrenching of his stomach, like he’d done one too many sit-ups, and it was gone. This was getting easier every time he did it. 

When his eyes opened, the universe had frozen.

-----

When he first realized as a young man that he could not only freeze time, but actually move back and forth through it with little more than a thought he was elated. After the initial terror of having the time-frozen air feel like you were moving through Jell-O, and training himself to not panic at the initial difficulty breathing (which always happened a for a moment regardless, and he cursed himself everytime) he realized he was effectively a god. He could literally shape reality as he saw fit.

At first it was small things: a voyeuristic peek at a girl in the gym shower, walking out with a new television that he liked, spooking kids by making things magically appear and disappear where they could see them, figuring out what tomorrow’s lottery numbers were going to be and investing wisely. Tiny things.

But pretty quickly he got bored. Honestly, he found the money was easier to make on the stock market since he could see the future. There was less suspicion than when he won the lottery the fourth time in a row. Scaring kids ended up being a lot more work for a lot less payoff than he cared to invest. And he just never really cared that much about females to bother with the trouble of screwing with the timestream to get laid. There were video games to play and burgers to eat and all kinds of TV to watch.

Just to get decent television alone was a huge undertaking. Turned out that there was NO way to get a golden age of television without going through a couple of decades of crap TV to get the right people in the right places to allow for Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones to happen. Took him YEARS to figure that out, well, it felt like years, honestly he forgot how old he was a long time ago and an hour and a year lost most meaning to him at the same time. Video games are even more complicated, but he’s working on it. And, well, try as he might, he could never find a better burger than the ones at Mega-burger. 

-----

So now he finds himself in line. A LONG FUCKING LINE. He casually goes up to each car in line and jostles each driver to find their driver’s license or anything with their name and/or social security number. He writes them all in his notebook (for some reason any electronic technology he takes through the timestream scrambles all to hell) and includes any identifying marks or tattoos for each name.

“Well, off to work we go I guess,” he thinks to himself with a sigh. Another moment of concentration and he opens his eyes in the same place, but five years earlier. At night so there are no people around to freak out at his sudden appearance. Glancing down at his list he makes note of the first name, the man in the car directly ahead of his, Mark Weber.

A few hours later, the brakes on Mark Weber’s car failed and he sailed into oncoming traffic on his way to work. It took some doing, but with a liberal application of his powers he was able to create an accident that took out three of his names in one go. He scratched off Mark, Cheryl and Jiao. Fifteen names to go.

“Christ the work a person has to go through to get a decent burger….” 

-----

Back in the present day, he opens his eyes in his car in line at Mega-burger. Glancing at the digital sign showing the wait: 8 minutes. He should have known. No matter what he does, there are always people waiting in line at Mega-burger.

Vincent sighed, but hey, eight minutes isn’t so bad. He pulled out his phone and got on facebook. Frowning slightly, turns out the President was Donald Trump. He couldn’t stop himself, he threw his head back and laughed. He was still laughing when the person behind him gave a honk to let him know to move forward. “God, that’s funny…” he wiped away a tear of laughter and scooted his car up in line a bit as he scrolled through his phone.