Zach hummed along to *Bat Out of Hell* as he tore down the narrow road in his father’s car, the view of the countryside whizzing past his windows. Life was good. He was going to meet his girlfriend who stayed in the next city over, about two hours away from his hometown, and his father had finally let him borrow the car after he’d shown that he *probably* wouldn’t crash it. But still, as a nineteen-year-old kid, how could he resist speeding down the empty country roads? 

He slowed down a little and glanced at the GPS mounted to his dashboard. Still another solid 10 miles to go. As he was about to step on the accelerator again, the GPS spoke. “Stop,” it commanded, in a voice that sounded oddly human, distinctly different from the normal monotonous robotic voice that it used to give voice directions. Zach’s eyes widened, and he slammed on the brakes, the car jerking to a sudden halt. What the *hell* was that? 

“When I said stop, I didn’t mean *right now*, y’know. That was dangerous,” his GPS drawled, managing to sound simultaneously concerned and vaguely sarcastic. This was *definitely* not the normal voice that his GPS used, and the content of the audio made no sense either. Zach’s mind went into overdrive, his mind making all the logical connections it could in the span of a second or two. 

Then he breathed in and out, slowly. He pulled the car onto the road shoulder, and slumped into his seat.  “Nice hack,” he said, his tone artificially nonchalant. “Didn’t think there was anyone bored enough to find a backdoor into a GPS system nowadays, much less rig up two-way audio with the crappy mic and speakers that they have.” Then he did his best to inject anger into his voice. “Who the hell are you and what do you want from me?” 

The girl on the other end of the line laughed. “Alright, kid, I’ll give you credit for figuring out how I did it. Not bad at all. But don’t pretend that you’re not practically pissing yourself in fright, Mort.” 

“Did you just call me Mort?” Zach said, wide-eyed with disbelief. They shouldn’t have known that name. Even if they were capable of hacking into his GPS, they still shouldn’t have known that name. Nobody knew he was Mort, not his parents, not his girlfriend- hell, not even his best friend. 

“Come on,” snorted the disinterested-sounding female voice. “Why would I go through all this trouble if you *weren’t* Mort? You’re good, but Jesus you’re a dumbass IRL.” 

The voice paused, as if weighing her words carefully. “Look, here’s the deal. I’ve- we’ve- got a gig for you. Strictly black hat. Top-secret government level shit, with tons of corruption involved. If you want to feel like a hero, bingo, you’ve found the right job. If you don’t give a fuck, well, there’s enough cash in this to keep you happy for a long, long while. Or if you just want to know the truth about the pigs and monkeys that run this menagerie of a country, well, welcome aboard.” 

Zach paused. He cleared his throat to speak, then paused again. “I have a date,” he said lamely, fully aware that the excuse wouldn’t cut it. The voice didn’t respond. “Okay, fine,” he sighed, defeated. “I’m *at least* interested. What do I do? Can’t expect me to jump in without more details.” 

“That’s more like it!” He couldn’t see her, but he could’ve sworn that the girl on the other end was grinning. “It’s time to discover the truth, Mort.” Then, mimicking the robotic voice of the GPS, she intoned, “In 400 yards, turn left.” 

Zach laughed. The voice from the GPS crackled to life again. “No, really, turn left in 400 yards. It’ll bring you to a small road, then go down for another 400 or so yards and you should see a petrol station. I’ll meet you there, and we can have a chat.” 

“Wait!” Zach called out to the fading voice. “What’s your handle?”  

“My handle? You can just call me John Doe. Welcome to the Panama Project, Mort.” 

*****

*more stories at /r/chasing_mist*

*I write a story a day [here](http://yearofpilgrimage.wordpress.com)*














