
I woke up that night to a bright flash of light. It was out of place from the typical morning wake up and it reminded me of a flashlight being held close to my face or as if I was standing in front of large floodlights. I turned over to look at the digital clock on my night stand and watched as 1:43 quickly turned into 1:44. I grew concerned. Next to my nightstand, I caught the image of a small bottle resting on the floor.

    I reached out for the bottle to examine it, since I did not remember placing a bottle on my floor. I used the dim glow from my cellphone to shine upon it. I tried to make out the paper wrap on the bottle, but some of it had been ripped away, while what remained was worn and layered in dirt and dust. I scrubbed away a patch of filth to reveal the words, “100 Proof Spirit.” I was also able to make out the word “port,” written just above it. The rest wasn’t worth the effort of trying to decipher. I placed it next to me before quickly started out of bed.

    As I stood in my bedroom, I tried to recall the events of just several hours ago. I was able to recollect a few disjointed moments from earlier in the day, but as I tried to think of events more recent, I drew a blank. I flipped on a small table lamp on my desk to illuminate the room and made my way to the restroom. I flipped on the light switch and saw a frightened reflection of myself in the mirror.

    I was covered, head to toe, in dirt and dust. All of my clothing was soaking wet and caked in mud. I had blisters on the palms of my hands and on my fingers. I had several small cuts on my face and on my hands, but they were mostly superficial. I grabbed some nearby toilet paper, ran it under some warm water from the sink, and gently dabbed it against my face. The dirt and grim slowly started to race down my chin as water droplets and within several minutes, my face was clear and my flesh glistened.

    I took off all of my waterlogged clothes and tossed them into the small puddle of mud that had begun to form on the floor of my bathroom. Within every crevice of skin, dirt and dust could be found. I gave my hair a quick shake with my hands, and clods of dirt fell into the sink. I opened my mouth to find dirt in between my teeth. I ran my tongue across the back of my teeth to feel the fine grittiness of debris swirling in my saliva. I started to scrub my chest and arms, but within moments, my arms grew fatigued and exhaustion set it. I let the wad of toilet paper plop to the floor as I slowly dragged my feet towards the bed.

    I stepped back into the bedroom and shuffled across the carpet. I made my way towards the desk to turn off the light, before making a double-take at work space. Upon the center of my desk, sat a canvas, propped up against the wall. Tubes of acrylic paint were scattered about and my brushed looked well used. I moved to look at the canvas closer, to see an image of a weeping woman holding wilted flowers. Judging upon the use of line and the lightness of the colors, I knew instantly that I hadn’t painted it. I grabbed my phone and dialed for the police.
    