I sat up, groaning and clutching my head. My birthday last night...so many blurred memories. My friends promised me a wild night for my 21st and they didn't disappoint; more drinks than I could count and dancing till my legs collapsed. I silently prayed that my boyfriend hadn't seen me in that state, Adam abhorred alcohol. Who could blame him? He'd been pacifying his drunken father most nights for as long as he could remember, and would probably continue for many more years. I resolved to visit him as soon as I recovered, but the first order of business involved burrowing into these familiar old sheets and sleeping till kingdom come.

I tossed and turned but found no rest. Sleeping in a stranger's bed always did this to me. I counted myself lucky though, I was more comfortable than the stranger himself, who'd fallen asleep in my wheelchair with a blanket draped over his lap. The fog of my thoughts grew denser as I fought to remember his name, but he woke before I could grasp it. 

"Morning, sweetie" I said with a smile. "It's evening actually, sleepyhead" Adam replied with a laugh, shifting the chair closer to the bed. "That explains your muddy shoes, you've already been off on your afternoon walk without me!" I tease, waving to the clumps of dirt on his boots. At this his eyes went down and his voice caught in his throat as he spoke. "I went to visit Dad...I know it's been awhile but I thought it was probably time. I just wanted to make my peace." 

"Oh, honey" I brush his cheek. "I know he didn't make it to our wedding but I'm sure you'll patch it up, you've got time to work it out."

This seemed to have the wrong effect. His eyes brimmed with tears and shock filled his face. He stood and made for the door, "I'll be right back" he promised. I lay back, confused, and listened to the voices drifting in from the corridor.



"She thinks I'm Dad. He's been dead 10 years, how can she not remember that?"

"I'm sorry, James. Dementia's a complex illness. We're going to trial some new meds, I can't guarantee anything but they look very promising."

"Thank you, Dr Andrews."


P.S I haven't done WP submissions before. I'm not an amazing writer but I loved the prompt too much to not give it a try. Any comments are welcome!
