This is my first try at something like this 

---

In the early years of the child's life, he would appear every so often, occasionally he would bring a gift of a small trinket or relic. Simple things really, one was a ring that could provide source of light, another a small orb that would always return when thrown. Although these would never work as well for a mortal, they were accepted with joy none the less. He was always careful to only appear to the child, lest he need to explain to his parents why a prince of Asgard was doting over their small child. Initially he approached it as it most certainly was intended. A joke. A simple jest on the part of the father, who was a little too attached to modern fictional iterations of himself and his family.  But whether it was out of boredom, or the desire to simply outdo his brother, he started to dote on the child. 

Up until the child entered his twelfth year, the god was, by his parents account, nothing but an imaginary friend. Someone who told the child amazing stories that became the seeds of todays myths and legends. After that point however, the god came less frequently, up until he stopped showing up all together. Over the years the child grew and began to believe as others did. His God God Father was nothing more than a figment of his imagination, something made up when everyone else was too busy to play. The trinkets and toys were misplaced and memories faded. 

There was nothing special about the day he returned to the child, who was now well into their twenty-fourth year, the god simply appeared. The initial greeting was a bit strained, having someone seemingly pop into existence in your kitchen would be cause for shock to anyone, let alone one who was dressed like they belonged in a Viking renaissance faire. But after a short period of time, after the screaming died down, there was a glint of recognition in the mortal's eyes. It seems they never truly forgot about Uncle Loki and the gifts he would bring. The mortal soon pulled out a few bottles of what is considered beer on this realm of existence, and the two began to catch up on the past decade and a half. The god revealed that his absence was not of his choosing, it seems he slighted his father once too many times, and was incarcerated in a dimensional rift. The mortal also had their own share of adversity in years past. Both parents were abruptly taken in one of the many tragedies that befell this planet. With no other close family in their life, this left the former child alone in the world. 

As the Asgardian was listing the the recounting of the past several years, he came to a realization. He had originally planned to use the child as a weapon of sorts against his brother in one way or another, but now all he could feel was a hint of empathy. As it would happen, the child was coming up to their birthday. The god decided that his gift would not be a simple trinket or bauble, but he needed to gather some information first. 

After the god took his leave from the child, he began to search the afterlives that these mortals believed in for the souls of the child's parents. He thought that he could give the child a bit of solace about the passing of his parents. So he began to search. Unsure if they followed any religion, his path took him across many planes of existence. Unfortunately, their eternal souls ended up in the last place that he would have liked to see, Niflheim. The world of darkness and mist, ruled over by his estranged daughter Hel. It would not be enough to connect the souls to their child. He would have to free them from the damnation that they fell into and bring them into Valhalla. Much to his dismay, this was not something that he could do on his own. His daughter would not be willing to give him two of her precious souls, he may even need to ask his brother. 

---

I'm sure this is all over the place, I wrote it over a few hours between meetings and other projects at work.