Hello there, I am a man cursed by the gods. Its always been a dream of mine to surpass my hero the demigod Hercules. My childhood, however, was spent almost entirely overcoming obstacle after obstacle and it's a shock to many, myself included, that I am currently the most accomplished adventurer of my generation.

To be honest, I haven't spent my life chasing accolades. I just happen to perpetually find myself in some "less than ideal" situations and I've thrived on the hopelessness they bring with them. Let me paint you a picture. 

As a teenager my friend Pythagoras, a creator, invented an inflatable object of unparalleled bounciness he called a "ball". I know, I know, I tried to get him to change the name. It was fantastic to kick around with until I accidentally kicked it into a cave. I went in to retrieve it and guess what --it happened to be a nest of dragons. Long story short, I avoided what should have been certain death by killing nine fire-breathing  dragons with a ball.

So anyway, I'm a hopeless idealist and I've never really had a problem with the way my life has gone so far. Until now. An epically beautiful maiden arrived in my town and I fell in love with her instantly. No matter how much I try though she remains disinterested in my advances. I mean come on; the children literally sing ballads of my many, many feats. 

Finally I gave up and went to my parents' for a little mental instauration before I went back to my life. Hearing of my troubles and the misery they had brought my mother said to my father;
"I think it's finally time to change the difficulty to novice,"
Of course I had no idea what she was talking about but my father left the room and came back a few minutes later.
"Done!" he proclaimed.

Just then there was a knock on the door. I got up and opened it and who should I find but the maiden who held my heart captive. Before I could find the right word to stutter she lept into my arms and gave me the singular most legendary kiss there had ever been since the beginning of time.