I knew I was in trouble the second I stepped out of the booth and back into the street in downtown East Alothio. I swore violently for several minutes. I pulled out my phone and desperately attempted to call in to base. It was too late.

My heart rate shot through the roof. I had to move quickly. The problem was, my phone was already disabled, and so would be my access chip. I was already marked. I knew it. I started walking, ripping off my wrist gear and hurling into a potted plant on the small sidewalk. I dumped my phone there too. Both useless now. They would only track me by it. I checked my belt, both guns, still there. Checked all three knives.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Oh god I’m so dead.
Dammit dammit dammit!
Breathe.

I had to get out of the city. The problem was, almost 60% of the damn planet was city. But someone would see me. Too many cameras. Emergency Transport. I scanned the area for one of the yellow octagons. Two blocks down. Okay. Go there.

I started to jog. The intracity pods hummed past on their programmed routes, depositing people in front of their destinations. Chatter filled the afternoon air. A lot of people grabbing lunch, or heading back into work. Luckily I had just ate. Other me would be halfway across the planet by now, headed home for the night.

I reached the transport hub and dragged the door open. Completely mechanical. No electronics. That’s what I needed. I pulled out one of the folding bikes and yanked it apart. I mounted it and hurriedly pulled back into the street.

People were staring. Whispering. Pointing.

I probably looked incredibly insane. Regrettably so. Attention was the last thing I wanted. But I really needed to move quickly. And so I biked. Fast. Always did enjoy a good bike ride at the gym. I flew down the street, building up speed. I guided myself into the center of the narrow road. Major streets and highways had gotten so damn small over the past twenty years. Growing up in the suburbs, some of our sideroads had wider paths then these. Those transport pods really reduced the need for wide roads.

The suburbs was were I needed to go. It took me six and a half hours to get there. Twice I was stopped by Security Patrol. Both times I flashed my ID and made up some advanced sounding bullshit about my wrist communicator being hacked, telling them I was on business and in a bit of a rush, and politely asked them to fuck off. Worked both times, although the first guy was a little cranky about it.

Unable to believe my luck, but completely exhausted, I smashed my way into the old house that I used to live in. I knew the only reason I was still alive is because they couldn’t track my phone or wrist gear.

My power suit was untraceable, and I still had my weapons. I needed to sleep and eat food. Luckily the emergency bike came with a ration pack. I cracked it open and activated the heater. I picked one of the meals and locked it into place on the heat plate. I pressed the activator switch and the meal popped.

Just like that, nutrient enhanced mac-n-cheese. It was gorgeous. And then I propped myself up in the corner and fell asleep in about five minutes.

I woke up. I almost fell back asleep too, until I realized I woke up. And I remembered what happened. That shocked me into the sudden realization that somehow, I still wasn’t dead. And that was enough to get me going. I staggered to my feet. My shoulder was ridiculously stiff after sleeping against a wall for god knows how long. I had no way of telling time. If I was going to hide out here I’d need to find some stuff to make a decent hideout.

That’s when I realized how stupid I was. Once Tritus Corp. had ID’d the malfunction, and realized I was untraceable, they’d probably think to check here. I bet there would be some record that I had lived here.

Okay, no big deal, I’d just move a couple cities over, hideout there. Find some random place that worked out better than this particular house, and I’d be okay.

I spared just another second to curse myself for being so damn stupid.

“Too late ya burnt toaster crumb.”

I froze and my blood ran cold. A chill crept across my skin and I felt the adrenaline spike and the blood rush into my veins as my heart rate increased. No. That voice.

“They sent me?” I gasped.

“Well no shit, who else could find me, but me. Duh.”

God I was such a fucking idiot! I should've guessed.

“Yeah you’re feeling pretty dumb right now aren’t you?”

And the worse part was, I would’ve armed myself to the teeth before coming after myself. I was for sure outgunned, probably out-armored, and so far, calm me was out-thinking myself.

I went for the gun on my left, rotated to my right, dropping to one knee, and got off two shots towards fully armored me.

The shots cracked into my clones shoulder and upper chest plates. They saved my life.

Zit-zit-zit-zit-zit. The tracer rounds from the tactical rifle passed in a swath into the wall as the impact threw off the clones aim. Two more rounds found my helmeted face, but the clone was already moving forward. I rose to my full height and tried to sidestep but the clone crashed into me, the weight and strength of the power armor driving me into the wall. My power absorbed most of the impact but it still hurt like a bitch.

I focused and with my suit guiding me, I elbowed the back of the clones head as hard as I could. The armored head smashed into the wall. It cracked, white powder spattering the tile floor and a small cloud of dust roiled up to our mid calves. Using its right arm the clone pinned my stomach into the wall with the stock of the rifle. He drew his head back and I knew he was about to just headbutt me. I dropped, flattening myself out to slide to the ground. The clone smashed his head into wall and dust rained into my head. With my left hand I went for one of my knives and moved to stab the back of my clones knee. The clone had stepped back three or fours steps to his left to avoid the blow.

He’d follow up with more gunfire. I lunged up, reaching for the gun. The clone yanked it away, stepping back I fired four more shots at him, tracking him as he moved rapidly to my left. I slotted away my knife, and went for the gun on my right side, with the left hand. The clone stepped in and pinned my wrist to my ribs, driving me back into the wall.

We knew each other too well, and I couldn’t fight the strength of the power armor.

“Why kill me then, we could have two of us?” I asked.

“You know why you idiot.”

I did. Tritus Corp. would hunt both of us forever. Once the clone won this fight he could just carry on with life as usual. I, on the other hand was fucked, and sure not dumb enough to condemn myself to a life on the run by betraying my employer just to hang around myself in exile.

Besides, I was kinda an asshole.

Nope, this was a battle to the death. One that I was slated to lose. If by some miracle I did win, the contract would technically be complete, and I could just steal my tech back from my dead body and proceed with my own life.

Damn, Tritus had made a pretty smart move by choosing to send me, aster me.

But now I’d have to figure out how to kill myself in order to stay alive. Adrenaline had kicked in. Instinct. That’s what I had on my side. Desperation. Not tech.

I dropped my gun in the right hand and lashed out and the soft neck area of the armor, pressing my thumb in on the windpipe. The clone pulled back and I stepped forward. Big mistake. The clone knew that’s what I’d do and he violently kicked my leg backwards. I crashed to my knees and took the stock of the rifle to the back of the head.

My vision flashed and I collapsed to ground. Desperately I rolled to the side in order to avoid another volley of short range fire. The rifle was humming with power as it hurled its rounds into the floor.

The clone knew my style, what sort of shit I’d pull. I’d have to fight with pure adrenaline, only instinct. Like animal. I had to fight for my life, not for the targets. I rolled again and leapt to my feet.

I howled in anger and hurled myself into the armored hulk attacking me. We crashed into the ground. I grabbed both sides of the helmet and yanked back and forth, smashing it over and over again into the ground. I wrenched off the faceplate by quickly hitting the release switch. I flipped the smooth plate over and smashed it into my face that used to be behind it. The clone coiled his legs in an attempt to push me off. Using one hand I held the faceplate down, and punched it repeatedly with the other. I felt my nose break. There was a pain in my knee as my weight settled on the rifle as the clones grasp on it released. I didn’t stop. I struck again, and again with my right hand, splitting my knuckles on the inner gel and electronics layer as I smashed the plate over and over again into my face. The clone bucked and our weight shifted. His foot caught my ankle and shoved my leg backwards, rolling my kneeling body weight to the side enough for him to shove me violently off and into my back. He rolled after me, now he was on top, blood streaming from his face. My face. I still had my second gun in my left hand and I fired the whole mag. Ten rounds smashed at point blank into the stomach and lower chest plates of the armor. The clone rolled back and away gasping from the impact. That armor was some serious shit.

I didn’t let up. I dropped my empty gun and lunged for the one on the ground. I snatched it up and drew like an Ancient Earth cowboy. Probably what would remain as the fastest, and luckiest shot of my life, had been the one I used to kill myself.

The round struck the clone in the unarmored face as it struggled to stand. The armor died, toppling forward and smashing into the ground.

I collapsed with exhaustion and disbelief. I had given up all combat discipline in that fight, and it had saved my damn life. How fucking ridiculous.

By killing myself, I could live again.
