Like many people, I was born with two names on my body. I was lucky though, one was indisputably a female name and the other a male name. As a straight women, I could know who was which when I met them. Unfortunately they were extremely common names, Christopher and Jessica. 

I met Christopher in college and lo and behold my name was on him as well, though he luckily only had one name on him, he would die of natural causes. All was right with the world. We fell in love and got married. We were unable to have kids, which as it turned out was rather a blessing.

All that seemed perfect slowly degraded. Christopher became a different person at home than he was to the rest of the world. Abusive and just down right mean, it came on slowly, a little bit at a time until I realized there was never any love. I just couldn't understand how this could have happened. We had each other's names! He didn't have another, he must love me.

I began fantasizing about meeting a new Christopher and being wrong all along or even finding Jessica and letting it be over. The latter was the more likely, Christopher would never let me leave, I was a possession to him.

I finally found Jessica. A new coworker, I was no longer afraid of the name, I even befriended her, wanting it to be over. She was so much more than I could ever have hoped. She was so unbelievably kind, she became my support, what I looked forward to to get me through the day. When my husband would allow it we even spent time together outside of work. 

How could these names have failed me so? Perhaps she would mercy kill me. 

Jessica was single and eventually confided to me that she had only one name on her and it was mine, she kissed me for the first time then and I was surprised by how much I wanted it.

Later that night I tried to make sense of it. I couldn't understand, was I to have two great loves and no killer? Or perhaps the  Christopher tattoo on me was even more onimous than I could have ever predicted. But my name was on him as well... the only name, he must die of natural causes and must love me.

Jessica and I made plans to runaway. I couldn't keep living this double life. I knew one day my husband would find me and hunt me down, the names would finally make sense, but if I could just get away and live life just a little it would all be worth it.

I don't know what I did to give it all away, but he found out some how. Maybe it was my new demeanor or the hope glinting in my eye. I guess I will never know. 

He got home from work today, the day before my planned escape and calmly approached me in the kitchen while I was making dinner. He simply told me that under no circumstances was I ever allowed to leave him. I was to reach out to Jessica and tell her never to contact me again, I was to quit my job with no notice so as never to be tempted again. 

I refused. I finally found a line I would not cross for self preservation, I would not lose Jessica, I would die first. What surprised me most was this new fight in me. When he lost control as I had never seen before and went into what can only be described as a deadly rage, I began to fight back. I drove the French knife I was cutting vegetables with right into his heart, but sadly not before he got me in the stomach with the utility knife from the block.

My aim was better, Christopher died very quickly. I have had time to lie here and consider all that has happened to me while I bleed out. I have done the world a great service in my final moments. Christopher didn't have one name because he loved and would die of natural causes like so many others, he had one name because he could not love and needed to be destroyed. 