First timer, slow writer, unedited, sorry for the errors.  Hope someone enjoys...

*------------------------------

As I stood in the Suzdal Kremlin admiring ancient Russian works of art, I reflected on what brought me to this ancient historical site in the Capital of the Galactic Russian Empire.  It happened out of nowhere a major advancement in physics allowed for the proof of concept for FTL.  Our word was fractured then, 80 countries and competing governments, so our histories teach.  Now 100 years after we still celebrate the great unification.  I wasn’t even born when the first FTL ships left for the first habitable world we had discovered, and the first colony was a grand success.  We quickly expanded to 4 more worlds.  We had no evidence of other life, not yet, to us the void was a vast emptiness.  I was a young student when first contact was made, during expansion to the 6th habitable world.  The world was lightly populated, and the level of technology was an odd mix of behind and ahead of us.  The people inhabiting the world where noticeably behind our tech levels, but the space station and few freighters where a little ahead of ours.  It was clearly a colony world, but without the rapid expansion drive we had at our colonies.

This collection of species told us they were from “The Galactic Commonwealth”, officially first contact happened with a member of the species known as Twellus, a short and stocky biped.  There was 2 bipedal species on this word, a quadruped species, and 2 different kinds of hexapod.  The Humans we soon learned where the dominant species of The Galactic Commonwealth, and of this planet.  Tolerant and open to other forms of life, they did not restrict us from interacting with those on the ground or in space.  We didn’t learn much, the people where guarded and had concerns about some group called the PRC.  We gathered intel estimated this Galactic Commonwealth to be no greater than 7 or 8 planets, we also learned that they struggled with obtaining enough Scandium for various industrial needs.  An abundant element on one of our other worlds, the early trade was very prosperous.  Initially we traded for technology, but soon learned very little of it was more advanced than our own.  It would be years before we understood the common joke about us in the commonwealth, “They like to do it on hard mode?”

We soon found another uninhabited system for our next colony, and with some warning from The Commonwealth about it being more dangerous there, we didn’t initially encounter any problems. This colony was growing nicely and after many years of prosperous trading The Commonwealth made an offer to our empire, we could join them, to the mutual advantage of both.  Our leaders turned them down.  It was widely understood at the time, that not only have we surpassed the commonwealth in technology, what little evidence of military equipment we encountered seamed very weak in comparison to what we had.  Now we consider ourselves a peaceful race, but when you know you are not alone in the universe, and others have multiple words, you need to be prepared.  I was finished with school, and just starting my carrier in the military, when we made contact with the PRC.  A shuttle arrived at the newest colony, where they said they had already laid claim to this world, and we needed to vacate.  The shuttle was even further behind the technology we witnessed within the commonwealth, and felt no fear of this new group.  They had a different mix of species all new to us, but a human was the main delegate.  They were not polite in their threats, and threatened to remove us from this system…

We expanded our military programs again, our current rate of development was fantastic, we had a new FTL drive that was significantly faster than anything ether the PRC or the Commonwealth had available.  We knew that there was no question we were the dominate technological species in the sector.  We continued expanding, a 7th world, an 8th, we feared no one.  Our 8th world was contacted by a joint attack group.  A small fleet of warships traveling through the region.  The fleet was made of two competing groups, we learned allied together and actively engaged in war with the PRC.  The NAU and Russian Empire, different ship designs, but still no match for our current tech level.  They offered us to join the campaign against the PRC.  Inclined to pass on the offer, the long awaited PRC attack on our 6th word happened.  We joined the coalition against the PRC in a knee jerk reaction to this attack.  The RE and NAU had a strange caveat, we had to choose one of them as the primary sponsor for the defense pact.  After some deliberation, we decided to take the Russian Empire as our sponsor, and the intelligence they shared was fantastic.  The PRC was larger than expected, about 20 worlds, and at least 4 in easy attack range. 

We started our campaign on the PRC and over a 10 year campaign subjugated two worlds.  It was clear our superior technology was significantly more advanced.  We took disproportional losses, they struggled for every hit they made.  Our newest FTL drive gave us a tremendous advantage, we could use it for short range nearly instantaneous movements.  It made our ships nearly impossible to hit, and our weapons ripped through there shielding like butter.  What was strange was how offended they were in their messages, calling us cheaters, and violators of the accord. 
