It's strange calling this "normal".

Outside the walls, we farm. Watchtowers constantly scan the perimeter, each running a ragged green flag to signal that all is well. If there is a sighting, they are to run the yellow flag - a silent signal for everyone to be careful, and for fighters to investigate.

No signal - or as I've seen at other forts, black smoke - means the tower's in danger, and you should run away.

There's another signal. A large tube that the fort has, to face into the wind. It raises the hairs on the guards' necks when they assemble it. It must be some supernatural thing that we normal people and the zombies can't sense, but eventually, we'll see a return signal.

For a hunter, it's the most ridiculous flag we've ever seen. Gaudy patterns with metal threading, in colours that could have only existed Before. It's the flag the hunter travels with, to indicate where they are. Most try to stay hidden and don't wish to declare their location to the world, but this one makes a point to run their flag at the fort they're in residence at.

I can see it now, in the distance, at the Riverside fort. The flag changes according to whatever they've recently picked up. Today it's a painfully bright pink and green, in colours that we could never reproduce. Most hunters have specific symbols or colours, but this one needs no signature. This hunter is the only one strong enough to enter the old Cities just to retrieve such cloths.

We're never truly sure if the hunter's flag is a good or bad sign. Good, because this hunter is strong, so much stronger than other ones. Bad, because wherever the hunter is, there is usually trouble.

&#x200B;

\*\*\*\*\*

&#x200B;

It has been two days since we used the tube. It wasn't an emergency, but with a horde circling around, we barred the doors and used the tube. We know it's working, we can feel it. The council was debating if the tube was even functional when a lookout came in, saying they saw the hunter's colours set against the rising sun.

I still roll my eyes, thinking about the councillor who insisted it wasn't necessary, that our guards could handle the horde. The price the hunter charges is so small, why not summon the hunter?

From our fort we can watch the hunter work. They speed towards the horde, at least a hundred strong. We watch the greying cloud of dots slowly fall apart, until finally only the pink and green flag remains.

It moves towards us. We know the drill; the strongest of us wait in a room nearby.

The hunter is admitted, and the councillors go through the motions of thanking them for their service. The hunter nods acknowledgement, but is distracted by setting up the equipment they travel with.

Clear tubes. Metal sticks. Waterproof bags.

We take turns, pumping a small device and filling the bags with blood. At first it was a macabre spectacle, but after a few misunderstandings were...understood, it is more of a mundane procedure.

As blood fills the bags, the hunter, still wrapped head to toe in dusty travel clothes, spreads their trading goods. Many items I don't understand, but the traders of the fort do, and between blood people (the hunter doesn't trust anyone to insert their needles correctly) there is lively banter as they decide on a price. I suspect that the hunter doesn't actually need anything we offer, besides the blood, but has a keen sense of what different forts are looking for - as evidenced by the packets of seeds, and rare herbs that the doctor had run low on.

The blood price literally extracted, the hunter cocks their head. We know the second part of the price of their visit: a basement room that can be barred from the inside. The hunter stays there during the day, and sometimes leaves as soon as the sun has set, or up to a week later if nobody calls for them.

It doesn't matter that the room is well below ground. They can hear the call.

I get the dubious honour of escorting the hunter to their room. A storage room, holding pickled vegetables, but the hunter insists that they are not picky. They easily carry the heavy bags in and arrange them to their liking. Finally, the hunter pulls down the scarf covering their mouth.

"Thank you. You may go," they say. As they shut the door, something catches my eye.

Such pointed teeth...