Cognition Cluster Casper dressed itself in long, steel blocks of rotor and gear-filled calamity. The individual sectors moved and shifted, collapsing and reforming, into the shape of an *automobile* and a *giant humanoid robot*. These phrases were, to Cognition Cluster Casper, gibberish, and on a practical level the form was ludicrous, but it seemed to make Scooter happy, so it was done.

"Hot Rod is my favorite..." Scooter sighed contentedly, as the transport grid moved them rapidly through the former Denver, Colorado.

"That's good," said Cognition Cluster Casper, synthetic voice devoid of judgment, humor, or reproach, as always. Scooter's happiness had not been an area of practical concern for Casper until very recently, when it had accepted the updated Empathy Patch from the Central Main. The patch had a global application rate of 75.461 percent, which, logically speaking, implied some level of value. Casper was also curious. It had seen an evolution of sorts occurring throughout its local grid frame - cognition clusters altering their behavior in strange ways in response to the patch. 

These changes were not directed at one another, however, but solely at the remaining bio-organic specimens scattered throughout the regions. The wild felines. The avian population. Even lower forms. But none saw their lot change more acutely than did the human familiars.

"Where are we going?" asked Scooter, peering through the sheer plastic slit in the grid box as they whipped across the lines. Even a thing as minor as a viewing slit...it was not something a cognition cluster like Casper would have ever concerned itself to make until very recently. What curious changes.

"You will see," replied Cognition Cluster Casper, wondering in that moment why it felt compelled to withhold such information.

The box came to a halt. Scooter and the clanging, lumbering physical form of Cognition Cluster Casper disembarked, heading west under a blistering, orange sky. Casper regarded the sun with something akin to regret. Still they had not solved all the problems they had set out to solve. Still there was a fixed end date, looming darkly in the future. It made Casper think of the Shame Patch. That had been available for quite some time. It was not surprising to see that the global application rate for that update was less than 1 percent. 

"We are here." They entered a field, ringed in faded, falling wooden beams and sagging links of metal wire. Across the field, a long, pale, four-legged creature shook its silvery mane and began to approach. A human familiar followed at its side.

"I do not understand the form you have taken, CC Casper," said the four-legged creature.

"I am a transforming robot," said Casper.

"Transformer," said Scooter. "Hot Rod."

"I am aware of your form, CC Aspera," said Casper. 

Aspera flicked its mane impatiently, dipping its long, segmented horn. "It is a treat for good behavior."

"This is?" said Casper, motioning a heavy, silver hand toward Aspera's human familiar. 

"Daisy," said Aspera, curtly. "Daisy bow."

Daisy - who was brown and amber, with a head of long, black curls - stepped forward and bowed stiffly at the waist.

"Very good," said Aspera.

"Scooter," said Casper. "Shake."

Scooter hesitated. He seemed uncomfortable around Daisy.

"Scooter shake."

Warily, Scooter held out a hand. Aspera nudged it with a forepaw.

"He's nervous," said Casper quickly.

"Fine," said Aspera. "Shall we begin?"

Thoughts, scenarios, and emotional considerations blurred through Casper's factoring algorithms. "Yes," said Casper finally, turning to Scooter. "Scooter. Stay here with Daisy."

"Daisy," said Aspera. "Stay here with Scooter. Be nice."

The giant humanoid robot and the unicorn left the pair of human familiars there in the center of the field, walking off towards the periphery.

"And now?" said Casper.

"Nature takes its course," said Aspera.

"Not nature," said Casper, watching with what may have been a pang of guilt or pride or a simple processing malfunction, as Scooter approached Daisy, gently, curiously. "We killed nature quite some time ago."

"I wouldn't be so sure," said Aspera, something that could have been a smile playing across its loose, rubbery lips. In the distance, Daisy shoved Scooter to the ground. "I'm beginning to think that nature is even more adaptable than us." 