Her hand trembles as it strokes my head. 

I can feel the blood flowing weakly through her skin, and I look up at her with concern, my eyes wide. She says something strange, I can never understand her, but her smile lights  up my world. 

I let out a little bark of excitement and wag my tail. She loves it when I wag my tail. I get the reaction I wanted, and her smile widens, and she begins to stroke me even more. 

After an eternity she stops. I howl my disappointment but she doesn't continue. She tries to get on her two feet, that's how they normally walk, but rises and then sits back down. Perhaps she decided to play after all?

My tail begins to wag and excitement fills me once more. But when I look at her I find though that she's not smiling. Instead there's a grimace on her face, she's in pain.

Worry shoots through me, and I jump on to her chair, and begin to lick her. Usually this gets a laugh out of her, but she can only manage a weak smile. 

*It's okay,* I tell myself. She's been sick before. Like that one time she was in bed for a one sunrise, and when she was in that scary place with the white walls and beds for 3 sunrises. She always came back, she's always okay. 

I whine a little, mostly to reassure myself, but I just can't shake the feeling that there's something wrong, something wrong with *her.* 

Suddenly I feel the muscles under her skin contract. Oh no. I don't know exactly how, but I knew something was wrong. Something even licking couldn't help. She started breathing in short gasps. I had to get help, find someone. I began to run around her very large kennel, barking as loud as I could. The doors were locked so I couldn't go outside. But someone had to hear me...someone had to help. 

After several minutes of this, no one arrived, and then I heard it. Heard her. 

She was calling my name. 

Softly yes, but my hearing is sharp. I heard her. I ran to her, and jumped on her soft chair and licked her. There was some bad tasting water near her nose and eyes. She was weak, very weak, her breaths were getting shallower and shallower. She said something again, but her words didn't really matter. I could tell by the smile and her sad looking eyes what was about to happen. 

Even though everything I knew told me it couldn't. Humans were supposed to live for centuries, so why now? Why me? She had looked after me and my dad and his dad and his mom and on and on. Why did I have to see her die, and why couldn't I do anything?   

But despite the despair I felt I stayed strong for her. I pressed up to her and licked her as her breaths got shallower and shallower, as her hand stroking my head got weaker and weaker. 

She had taken care of my family for seven generations, the least I could do was stay with her in her last few minutes.

***

(Minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)
