I put down my scotch and look at her. Black hair, black lipstick and a knowing glimmer in her eyes, among a hint of a temper.

"Well, I really do need to apologise. The engine problems really weren't my fault this time..."

"Yeaaa we never actually repaired the garden house... For an oh-so-awesome Time Lady president, you're a shitty pilot..."

"Heyyy *she* decided it was time to curve around the Castanian Nebular this time of year... She knew she could get the hiccups from all that excess radiation..."

"You always say that, yet your mutual diary says other things... Anyway, what are you doing here?"

"Having a drink and a bit of thinking... Not sure what to do next. I was kind of hoping *he* would show up, but no dice so far..."

"Well, I was hoping you'd be happy to see *me*..."

"Oh, sorry, don't get me wrong... You know I consider you my best friend, it's just... I need him. No matter what life he's on, he's just... I struggle to find words other than.... So *right*."

"And I'll be the third wheel again as soon as he does turn up"

"Oh, I so much hope not... I'm terribly sorry about that one..."

"Well I'm over it now. Sort of. So, what's on the menu today?"

"Oh, this is just a mild scotch spiked with some honey. Wanna try?"

"Ewwf, not that sweet shit... I'll have a Guiness, thank you very much..."

"Is that over there...?"

"Gosh not him, not now, not already..."

"No, it's not James, it's Robin!"

"Not that bafoon..."

"Oi, he's a very good pal and means well. Most of the time. Most lives, anyway."

"And I'm supposed to chat him up now?"

"Well, ideally... But I can think of something if you don't-"

She gets up and walks over to my recurring best mate while putting on her sweetest smile. That legendary smile. I know exactly it's practiced and trained up to the finest muscle fiber movement, but nobody or nobody male at least has figured that out so far. She talks to him for a second, nods friendly and he follows her with a mildly daft but endearing grin.

"Hi, I'm Ron and who are you?"

"Hey, I'm Lilly and this is my girlfriend B"

He grins even wider.

"Heyyy we are so not together. Don't do that to me when we haven't agreed to it!" B exclaimed.

"Sorry, it just slipped out. I'm always afraid people might go after me. Waiiit if she probably chatted you up like she was interested, what were you thinking?!"

"Well uh... Nothing a gentleman should say. Care for a drink?"

"I'll spare you for now if the round actually is on you..."