“We’re sorry, ma’am, no exceptions will be made.” Dr. Arora’s face was a mask. 

“This is insane, Dr! You are over 28 as well. Are you simply resigned to your fate?” I demanded, looking for some reaction, some emotion. Still, Dr. Arora was calm. 

“I don’t have access to Vitalonga, it can only be administered from two locations in America. They are closely guarded. My fate has been decided. You know the government has offered free counseling to anyone in the so called ‘lost generation’. I suggest you connect with them.”

“Fuck counseling!” I snapped. “I took my daughter to receive her Vitalonga shot last week. She’s doomed to spend an eternity as an orphan? Without her father or I…”

Dr. Arora waived his hand, almost dismissively, “Ma’am, this is what the counseling sessions are for. You need to leave now.”

Over the next ten years the Lost Generation was in denial. Fake birth certificates were created. Break ins were staged. Even an outright military attack against the Vitalonga distribution centers. Nothing worked, and the world moved on. Focus shifted to the impacts of living forever. With no death, how could the Earth support new life? A lottery system was designed. Each time someone from the Lost Generation died, or a tragic accident claimed the life of an immortal, a new child could enter the world. I watched my daughter and her husband suffer disappointment after disappointment. 

“At least my death will bring new life.” I told my husband. 
“I guess that’s one way to look at it.” He responded.

Fifty years after Vitalonga was discovered, the world had changed. The immortals were obsessed with the environment. After all, they were going to live in it forever. Minimalism was the only religion. Self-depravation for the sake of your future self. Cars were a thing of the past. Beautiful, in shape, intelligent 26-year-olds forever competing on who could do the most good. Living in shacks, depriving themselves of all luxuries. Ever seeking ways to make the natural world more beautiful and undo the sins of their fathers. 

“You did this to us!” an Immortal shouted at me, as I walked to the community garden in search of food. “You destroyed the Earth! It’s going to take us hundreds of years of hard work… DEPRAVATION… to undo what you did!”

I raised my eyes angrily, trying to look strong. My frail body trembling. “Why do you care? You will live forever.” 

The Immortal shot me an angry look, “forever waiting to enjoy life.” He hesitated, anger gradually changing to pity, “you’ll die soon…” his voice trailed away, as though he wasn’t certain if his life was better than death.

Televisions had long since been banned, to harmful to the Earth. Production and distribution of news was managed through a controlled number of devices. Strict limitations were placed on manufacturing and distribution. Electricity was also banned, the infrastructure being too damaging for the environment. 

The remaining televisions were stored in the ecologically friendly community centers, powered by wind energy and carefully maintained by experts. After grabbing a breakfast of fresh fruits, I walked to the center. I immediately knew something was wrong. The Immortals crowded around the community television, faces frozen in horror. 
The news anchor spoke slowly, carefully. His face a mask of fear and resignation. “Fifty-seven years is the maximum lifespan for anyone utilizing Vitalonga. The tests are conclusive, with the level of cellular degeneration observed in the earliest Immortals. The center for Immortal Health has been aware of, and attempting to find a resolution to, the health crisis for years. Given the limited time remaining, the decision has been made to release this information…”
I stopped listening, immediately thinking of my daughter. Last I heard she was working on restoring the river bacteria, focused on the ecology for the spotted Marsh Frog; Pelophylax Ridibundus. I remember that, such a small animal to consume her life. But she was immortal, it was worth it. I wasn’t certain my old body would carry me to her. I wasn’t certain of anything anymore. Was it worth it? Was the sacrifice worth it? Would the Immortals, would my child, be proud of what they contributed to the world knowing they would not live to enjoy it?
