First, there was the ending.


Then, the beginning. A shapeless mass of energy, heedless of time and space, suddenly... became. And yet, it had always been. Time stretched out to cover all of space, which expanded unto itself. Matter took form, and the universe shook in the throes of creation.


And there I was - or rather, had always been.



The Universe was an adventure. In the beginning, I would take single cells, unaware of themselves, living short lives in the water. Nonetheless, I extended a warm and welcoming hand to lead them to... me. And they grew. With each billion I would take, two billion more would be there, waiting to be taken. And then, instead of one cell, they were two, and infinitely more complex.


The rush of Life was dizzying. It kept on multiplying and becoming more and more and more, despite all odds, until finally it discovered... itself. I was there, when the first one looked at a still pond and realized:



*"I am."*



And from there, it grew in another way. Life got better at being alive - and conversely, better at ending Life. It learned to war. First, it was warring tribes, fighting for survival, the barest needs of life. Then, warring cities, warring nations, and finally - warring worlds. I saw myself reflected on the face of Life.


I extended a warm, welcoming hand.



And yet, they grew, and before long the reflection I saw wasn't myself, but rather the stars. Life became more abstract. Instead of an organic construct, it became a thought process - a pattern, infinitely looping in on itself, yet never repeating. But as it became more and more vague in an effort to cheat me, it became more and more aware of the fundamental truth:



Inevitability.



The stars burned out, yet Life lingered. Silent megaconstructs in the cold, dark universe sought eternity by unceasingly optimizing themselves, reducing themselves, simplifying themselves. Beings of thought and circuits, rehashing the same thoughts over the eons. But nothing was infinite, and one by one, they would cross that invisible threshold... and I would extend a warm, welcoming hand.


And finally, it was over.


Like the aftermath of a party, there was only the cleanup to attend to. I traveled across the Universe to observe stopped motion and the proper Death of everything. I waited for black holes to dissipate.


And in waiting, I saw.


All motion had ceased, but something, somewhere was still producing light. A faint glow around the corpse of the Universe. I searched. I found.


Life gazed at me, impassively, and spoke:



*"I am."*



I extended a warm, welcoming hand.


And first, there was the ending.