"Doctor, I don't know what's wrong" She whispered, I could hear her, she turned and looked at "me", smiling. I smiled back - what else could I do?

"He's not responding like he used to.. it's like.. he's *different*" She smiled at me again.

"She" was the boy's mother, Faye McIntosh, and right now she was speaking to their paediatrician, Dr. Agarwal, about "me", the boy: Jack.  I say "me", because right now I'm actually in a coma somewhere, (or, my body is), with the mind of Jack just stuck there in my unmoving body, not speaking, not seeing, hearing everything. It was pain, it was torture. I know, I'm usually stuck there for the better part of the year.

Usually it doesn't take long before I return. I don't like to stay outside for longer than I have to - as freeing as it is, this is someone else's life, and I'm not a voyeur. Usually I can just figure out what it is I have to figure out. Usually it's almost instantaneous - I have to figure out what the person is the best at. Usually it's pretty easy.  I've been doing this for nigh on.. oh.. 20 years now? 20 different people? 

I once popped into a fella in... Venice, I think, during the renaissance. He managed to work with marble so well it looked like flesh. That was amazing, also, enlightening - I dunno how I managed to make a go of it without knowing Italian - I guess the guy was an eccentric - he was easy to figure out though, he lived in his studio, and there was marble and carving utensils all around.

I once popped into a tiny asian woman who was exquisite in the bed. That was an eye opener - sad, too, she was fairly young, in the sex trade, I think, but she was only with the "high rollers" - pretty sure I recognized some big name TV actors. I didn't have to do much in that case - keep silent, follow orders - please the client.

Thankfully I don't have to sit through the whole "best at" thing - though there were some other parts I had to work through and I have to experience the "best at" before it triggers and I'm sent back.

There were others, too: a mathematician, a pro athlete, a politician, etc.

This kid though.. I.. don't know what he does. He's just a kid - I think he's like.. what.. 6 years old? Jesus. What can he be the best at right now? How is that even possible?

Fuck. I hope it's not the same as the woman.  Fuckkkk.... Fuck it, I'll just stay in this body if that's the case. I'm not gonna try it, and I've got other avenues yet to explore.

So, I've been stuck here a month, and I've tried a lot of things: drawing (nope, inverted nose, terrible perspective, no concept of shading), sports (nope again, tripped over the air trying to hit a soccer ball)... I even tried Cooking, for god's sake. Kid burnt some toast.

Well, maybe it's something to do with the times. I think it's **now**.. Or.. at least the time I'm in.. I've been in a coma for so long, everything looks new. There are devices in everyone's ears, I'm pretty sure they're headphones, but they talk to people right in front of them. I don't know what's going on - 20 years ago we had this thing started called the internet, which was pretty new, but I think it's all over the place now.  Kid has a.. "Apple"? iPad? What the fuck is that?  Well, I could get it turned on, but beyond some basic games I don't think the kid is much whiz-bang at the new computers either.

I suppose not knowing much is good for a 6 year old, but unfortunately I also don't have the full 6 years of the Irish accent any more.  I tried holding off for the longest time until "ma" got angry and physically held me while she told me to say something. Faking it was disastrous, so I just didn't bother to fake it after a while.

Well, little Jack, I've gotten you into trouble. I hope you're OK with that.

The doc didn't know what to do with me, though he kind of talked to me without "ma" present, and I couldn't really answer any of his questions, on account of his heavy accent which happened to be an entertaining cross of Hindi and Irish accents with a touch of British thrown in.  God it was hard not to laugh, let alone smile! He was a nice guy though - quick to smile and laugh himself.

He talked with Faye a bit after, and she seemed to calm down a bit. Probably telling her something about how it was a "phase" or some shit like that.

I sure hoped so.

Back at home, Jack's room is a bit sparse. Pretty normal for a 6 year old. I can't see anything really sticking out that makes him more special than the other kids. I go to school, and I'm good at it, of course, I'm a damned 63 year old in a 6 year old's body.

----

It's been 3 months. I'm starting to talk with a bit of an Irish accent now.  I hope Jack won't be hurt or damaged after he comes back. I hope that goddamn gabby nurse Johnson isn't barraging him with his goddamned exploits of the weekend - he's just a goddamn kid, he doesn't need to hear that shit.  Fuck I wish there was a way to tell someone about me.

We're going to the beach today, I'm going to try swimming, maybe the kid is great at that.

----

Well, I almost drowned Jack's body. I will have to make sure that I don't do anything that requires skill that I don't already have.

----

Well, I don't know what to do any more. It's been 4 months, I've taken to calling Faye "Mum" now, she seems to be a bit happier. Jack's life is pretty good, even though he doesn't have a Dad. Faye looks after Jack as well as any single mother out there, probably better.

----

Well, Ok. I don't know what to do any more. I've tried everything I can think of.  It's miserable. I almost drowned, I've burned myself more than once being stubborn about cooking, I have no coordination, I give up.  I think Faye has noticed I'm glum, she's brought me some cookies and milk.  God, this woman is a beautiful soul.

----

Faye's making me some supper right now, listening to some songs on the radio.  I'm busy trying to do some homework. (I know, right? Fuckin' homework for a 6 year old!)

I hear a song on the radio.  Oh, I know this one - beautiful tune, and one of my favourites, I can't help but sing along every time.

This time, I let the music take me completely, and I let loose with the singing.

And.. this is it.. This kid.. I've found it. Something so simple. Something so pure and beautiful, coming from this kid's mouth.

And this is it. I vaguely hear a clatter of utensils hit the tile floor as Jack's mom stares agape at lil' Jackie, singing like she's never heard.  I wonder, is this the first time he's sung? My faculties are starting to blur, and I know it's time to return.  I try to hold on, to listen to this angel's voice. This halcyon voice of heaven. It makes me cry with joy and sadness. Joy for finding it, sadness because I will now have to leave it.

He's clearly the best singer the world has ever known... Goodbye, Faye, goodbye Jackie, maybe I'll hear you on the radio, if that asshole Johnson ever shuts up about his fucking weekends.