An envelope. A single envelope. That was the indicator that I knew I was crazy. Or was I? All I had done was simply ask my mind a question.

I always knew there was some strange separate voice inside my head. One that would get riled up whenever something good happened. One that would fill my subconscious with self-doubt and self-deprecation. Why did he always have to ruin such a good moment with his opinion, or his desire, or his lethargy?

I was still living at home in my parent’s apartment with my two brothers. One older and one younger. It was one day that I decided to yell out loud to the darkness, in the cool still morning air of my bedroom.

“STOP!!! I will not allow you to stay in my head anymore!! This is it! If you want to stay, you’ll have to start paying rent if you want to live here. Otherwise you are no longer allowed in this house! This is a sanctuary and I’m not allowing it to be defiled by the likes of you and your cruel silly jokes! You will pay for what you’ve done to my life!”

And suddenly the voices in my head stopped. Silence. Such a beautiful gorgeous sound. The sound of nothingness. The tension in my body released. I was able to breath a full breath. The light started spilling in.

I went about my day with a skip in my step and what’s more, I even told my therapist about it and he gave me a high-five. I had only been diagnosed with schizophrenia 4 months ago and he said that I was making incredible progress ever since we started our sessions together.

Week by week, I was supposed to send him updates. So that was my update yesterday.

But today, an envelope appeared under my door. One single envelope with the word, “RENT” written in big bold sharpie on the front of it. That’s when I started to freak out. The voices started coming back. It was a cacophony in my head again. Maybe I really was crazy. Maybe I would never be able to break free from this. I was doomed to be trapped in this prison from which I could never escape.

I called my therapist to tell him what had happened and he said to just breath and calm down and to bring the envelope into the office. I picked up the envelope and opened the door. As I walked down the stairs, I noticed something funny about the envelope, it was my brother’s signature handwriting. Then saw my older brother staring at me at the bottom of the stairs.

“Hey,” he said, “I’m sorry for all the things I’ve done to you throughout your life, I hope this covers this month’s rent.” 