Cold and huddled against the bitter wind, Ivelisse continued to stuff newspaper into the jacket of her small daughter Cossette. Blonde strands falling out from the make-shift hair tie, Ivelisse knew that they would have to continue their journey during the night if that wanted to make it to the case safely. 

Feeling like a picture book Eskimo, Cossette saw the worry and fear upon her mothers face. Young as she was, she knew there was turmoil at home and she understood that they had to run. Crawling into her mother's lap, she asked Ivelisse gently, 

"Momma, why are we going? Why is everyone mad with us."

Ivelisse sighed and dragged a hand over her face, knowing the question was inevitable.

"Cossette, I have a very important story to tell you. I need you to hold it close to you heart and never tell anyone that we do not know.

"It has been noticed, many, many years ago, that when people share a name they can also share any knownledge that is obtained. And while this originally sounded like a miracle idea, because then medicine and technology could better itself rapidly, no such thing occurred. Instead, crimes became harder to prevent and the same politicians have effectivly been in power for decades. A few generations ago a small group formed called *Orwellian 84*, and they sought to fill the world with fresh minds, a generation of people unlinked and with their own thoughts, in hope of saving us. That's why, baby girl, you are the only Cossette, and I the only Ivelisse, and Granma is the only Ofelia. We are trying to save the world from what has happened. 

"And of course, our government doesn't like this. That's why the census knocks on our door all the time. That's why the raids started. We're trying, and they are naturally fighting back."

Cossette did her best to retain all of the information that her mother had given her. Things were slowly making sense and while she still didn't fully understand, she was determined to stand by her mother and help fix the world.