They ran out of Italian herb-and-cheese again, so Lyall mulled over his options for all of a half-second and said, "Regular Italian, teriyaki, shredded cheese, toasted, and then everything on it, no sauce. Oh, and a drink, please." While he rummaged in his pocket for his wallet, the number popped up. He counted the zeroes three times, but the number still evaded his belief.

The cashier snapped her fingers. "Sir, your sub is ready." The rest of the exchange Lyall maintained semi-awareness, and autopiloted himself to the closest seat.

As much as he loved how his power told him how many people he had saved in a single action, it carried a deep flaw: what did it consider a life, how far did it measure the impact of his actions, and how did it attribute a saved life to his actions? Regardless, he considered it good if the number slid into the positives, and the highest it had ever climbed was five. Now add nine zeroes behind that five. He felt cold.

"Sir," called the cashier, "you forgot your drink." 

Lyall waddled up to the counter, grabbed his drink, and headed to the pop dispenser only to find that a water cooler had taken its place. "Fancy," he said. He had snapped out of his daze long enough and noticed the writing in faded marked on the side of the jug: TOTALLY SAFE WATER. STAY HYDRATED. Lyall held the nozzle, and clear ooze dribbled out. He understood. He never asked for drink when he ordered Italian-herb-and-cheese, but since he had to take boring-ass Italian he ordered one, and so he made a discovery. "Miss cashier person," Lyall said, "someone has poisoned your water cooler with flu goo!" The cashier and the patrons stared at him. Perhaps they didn't understand. "Some villain has tried to dupe us, but I've duped them, for I am a flu expert."

The manager came bustling out from the back and stomped around the counter. "Did you say 'water cooler'?"

"Yes." Lyall pointed to the writing. "See? It has flu goo. You must dispose of this poison, lest your patrons contract the flu virus." 

The manager, instead of regarding the water cooler as the poison dispenser that its designer fashioned it into, embraced the cooler. "Water coolers are so fancy. This makes our Subway a fancy establishment."

And thus, the true genius of the contraption revealed itself: it preyed on the hopes and dreams of the earnest manager. Lyall came prepared with weapons-grade facts, and so he spat some. "Sir, are you aware that in America between 100,000 and 500,000 people die of the flu every year?" 

"I thought it was 50,000," said one of the patrons.

"I thought it was 9,000," said another.

"You've all been duped," said Lyall, "like this earnest manager here. And did you know—"

The manager shushed him. "You want my Subway to flourish, don't you? Why can't you let me enjoy this?"

"Sir, did you know that the flu kills more people than falling down the stairs, shark attacks, and not washing your hands COMBINED (as long as the total number of deaths crosses the threshold of 260,000)?"

"But it's fancy," said the manager, blinded by enchantment.

Lyall took a deep breath, and shoved the manager off the water cooler. Then Lyall upturned the whole contraption and unscrewed the jug, and when the manager tried to retaliate, Lyall whipped out his taser and held the trigger until the manager lay pissing himself.

Before Lyall left, water jug in his arms, he turned to the patrons, all of whom quivered under the tables, and said "Get your flu shots." The number rose. "And stay hydrated." It rose again, totaling five trillion. Lyall left.

He walked into the sunset with a sublime feeling surging through his body and intoxicating his mind, but he had one more task – he planned to dump the jug into the ocean, where the flu goo could hurt nobody.

EDIT: clarity