*There used to be a park here,* I thought. I’d passed by this corner a hundred times but never really paid much attention to it. I was always on my phone, or listening to music, or just eager to get home from work. I was dimly aware that there used to be grass, and some trees, and a big black chainlink fence… right? As I stared up at the building that had appeared in its place, I wasn’t so sure any more.

The building itself had certainly never been there. I damn sure would have noticed. In between a standard brick office building and a little corner deli, it was remarkably out of place. I’m no expert on architecture but even I knew that there was something wrong here. It had an onion-topped dome like something straight out of Russia, a roof thatched with some kind of tropical palm fronds, Roman-style columns, and gigantic sandstone obelisks that would have been in home in front of the Pyramids. It looked like someone had taken an encyclopedia of world cultures and just threw it in a blender.

“Hey, man.” I stopped another pedestrian and managed to pull his nose out of the newspaper. “You know what this building is?”

He glanced over at it, but his eyes didn’t seem to notice the Asian-style paper walls, nor did they settle on the menacing dragon statue at the very top of the stairs. Instead, he just gave me a confused look and then went back to reading about the local mayoral race on page B10. I tried it with a few other people on the street. The best explanation that I got for the purpose of the building was “Leave me alone, creep” from a lovely young woman out on a jog.

I placed one foot on the marble steps. They *felt* real, at least. Part of me was still pretty sure that this was an unexpected drug trip; maybe one of my roommates had laced my coffee with something. I ran my hand over the dragon, noticing that it was warm to the touch. Certainly didn’t *feel* like I was tripping. I grabbed one of the doorknobs and gave it a little push, and it swung open with a groan.

The first thing I noticed was that the inside was just too big. It had looked pretty large from outside; at least five or six stories. But the echoing, cavernous entry chamber was at least ten stories tall at a minimum. Pillars of sunlight came streaming in through gaping windows that certainly hadn’t been there on the outside. The vast silence reminded me of cathedrals I’d visited in Spain last summer. But instead of little niches full of saints’ knucklebones or something, every alcove here had a different weapon in it.

“Excalibur,” I read from the placard next to the nearest one. “Reserved for British heroes. Grants supreme executive power derived from a farcical aquatic ceremony. Does critical damage against Dragons and the French.” I tried to pick it up, but it was held tight by the stone base. Was this some kind of joke?

I kept moving. If I was going to be tripping balls all day and wandering through this imaginary museum, I might as well enjoy it. Further down, I found Mjolnir, hammer of the Norse Gods. I tried to pick it up, but that was useless too. Whoever had come up with this place at least paid attention to authenticity. And this museum didn’t just have weapons. The sign near the Shield of Perseus claimed that anyone who looked directly at it would still turn to stone; thank God that the reflective part was not facing forward. There was the sling that had killed Goliath, as well as the trumpet that brought down the walls of Jericho.

Right as I was about to blow on it, I heard a whisper. Not loud, but in the vast silence of the hall it didn’t need to be. I placed the trumpet back onto its shelf and looked around, expecting to see whoever had spoken. Still no one. But I could still hear it from somewhere in the far back of the hall. It was *almost* loud enough for me to understand, but not quite. 

The further I followed the whisper, the dustier the artifacts grew. I didn’t recognize the names of these at all; some of them didn’t even have names in any alphabet I could recognize. One of them wasn’t even a weapon; just a jaw bone with dried blood on it. Everything was caked in dust, but I ignored all that. The whispering was almost a shout now, but I *still* couldn’t understand what it was saying. 

Then I finally reached an alcove at the very back, and the whispering stopped. On a pedestal, there was a simple bow and arrow that looked like something a ten year old would make in his back yard with twine and a stick. I wiped one hand across the dusty placard to see the description.

> This is for you. Take it; you’ll know what to do.

No mention of any powers or anything like that. For *me*? Or just anyone who came here? 

*Could be for me, though*, I decided. I reached forward and grabbed the bow, and the whole museum vanished around me. I found myself standing in a park; the very same park that I’d *thought* had been here the whole time. A dog chased a tennis ball past me, and two middle aged women shot me curious looks as they strolled past. The only reminder of my strange little adventure was the bow and arrow in my hand. 

*You’ll know what to do*, the card had said. I tried to figure out what that meant, but realized that I was having a hard time thinking because of the sirens blaring in the background. Not one or two, but a whole fleet of police cars and fire trucks, coming closer and closer. I looked up from the bow and tried to see smoke on the horizon. Instead, I saw some sort of creature rising up over the trees with a police car in its hand like it was just a child's toy. It tossed the car, which went sailing overhead and crash-landed somewhere in the neighborhood.

In my hand, the bow began to grow warm.
