"What a bunch of smelly dweebs," I thought to myself. My two best friends were talking about humans, but what about me? My wet, juicy tentacle wrapped slid slipperily into the bag of Cheeto's and wrapped around a single cheeto, then began retracting and jiggling towards my oral orifice. The bag was almost empty, but not as empty as my life. The cheeto touched the side of my lip-thing and sprinkled cheese dust around my oral orifice. Why did she leave me, am I not cool enough? I pondered thoughts as my goiter sucked the cheeto into my brain-stomach. I shouldn't have eaten that hamburger. What is a hungry boy to do? Avatar sex is sooo stupid. If only I had legs, I could dance like Will.I.Am and Selena Gomez on cocaine. Suddenly a rock flew through the window and bumped into my hairless, moist, juicy body. I hate Peter. He's the most annoying rock on the planet. "I hate you," I muttered, reaching for the last cheeto in the bag. No response. Nothing. Everyone ignores me. I grab the walkman and put on a fall out song. My eye-vaginas begin to swell with tears. I wish I was never born. I reach for my toupee and place it on top of my head. I jiggle in agony. If only I was born a large baguette, and not a jiggly, moist, juicy beast. A My Chemical Romance track comes on and I cry even harder. Everyone starts stairing at me. Great. Peter rockets into my soft noggin once more. I hate him so much. I'm sobbing now, and my eye-vaginae are excreting juicy tears of moist anguish. Brad the baguette calls me a loser and throbs with glee at my misery. It's true. His gay friends all join in. In miserable stupor I reach for another cheeto. The bag is empty, it get stuck to my tentacle. I place the bag on top of my toupee, smothering it with cheese dust. I don't know who I am anymore. I sulk away but trip on Peter and land upside down. Cheeto dust flies into the wretched oblivion that is my bedroom. I begin to slide around on my moist juices and Bob the soccer cleet kicks me. I jiggle with sadness and stare off into space. I never should have eaten that cursed hamburger. It ruined everything. Oh Lisa, how I miss you. Your delicious eyelasses, your odorless hair, and your gelatinous fingers that felt so perfect around my moist, juicy throat. Sliding around and being used as a soccor ball, I reminisce about my first moist, juicy kiss. I close my eye-vaginae and imagine I am a bag of cheetos. What happened to me? I used to be so moist, so juicy. Look at me now. A soccer ball. Just a soccer ball. 