As the man sat happily entertaing his 4 month old child a white cloud of billowing smoke began to fill the living room. He jumps up snatching his child off the playmate and dashing for the door, shielding the child's face as they plunged through the smoke. As he reached for the door handle grasping out only too find, nothing. The cloud gently receded turning black as it vanished revealing a creature in dark robes, wearing what seemed like a human skull mask.

"What is this?" The man cried out as he clutched his crying child close too himself protectively.

"Why, this is my summoning foul creature, and you shall do as I bid for I have bound you." The creature said calmly as he indicated the pentagram that had been carefully painted out in a thick crimson substance. A candle of what smelled like tallow at each of the five points.

"Excuse me?" Replied the man, his reckless anger flaring up as he strode towards the thing. "I'll do however I bid thank you very much." And the man reeled back his fist and punched at the creature, only to land the blow on some unseen wall splitting his knuckles open.

The creature laughed, almost relieve as he strode around the invisible cage. "You cannot break free! That is good, and what's this little abomination in the demons arms. Ahh it seems I got two... Well one and a half, for the cost of one. MARVELOUS! With this much power I can make better plans than I first entertained." He cackled as he walked briskly to the door. "So many new preparations to make, no matter. We have plenty of time." And he left, latching the door behind him.

The man sat hunched over cradling his injured hand as he comforted his small child "it's okay hunny, daddy will get us out of this." Gently shushing the babe as he examined his surroundings, slowly making unexpected connections. "I think we entered a D&D game baby, but we're not player characters." Slowly reaching out he touched the invisible wall, tracing it out on the floor. The pentagon that made up the center of the star was his perimeter.

As time passed the man's child began too cry out again, this time in hunger. He shushed and comforted the infant as she wailed, unable too feed or soothe. The cries eventually became so loud that the magical creature returned, bursting through the door in annoyance. "Why is that thing shrieking like that, make it stop!" It yelled in aggravation.

"This thing," replied the man "Is hungry, and so am I. We've been here for hours and we need food!" 
The creature seemed startled by this revelation looking the man up and down. "Demons eat? That is unexpected, probably hearts or souls than huh." The creature said, watching the man suspiciously. 

"Uh no, I eat normal food, cooked meat, vegetables, fruit, and babies only drink breast milk. You need too send me back so I can feed my child or she'll die." The man said almost pleadingly. The creature looking more confused by the second.

"That's not right," the creature said striding over to a large tomb and flipping through the pages. "Demons aren't supposed to get hungry, let alone for mortal food." As the creature flipped through the pages the child's wails grew louder, almost screaming in hunger.

"Please just bring me some milk, or send me back." Cried the man, cradling his little one close, trying to calm the screaming child. Finally the creature shouted in frustration, "these spellbooks said nothing about shrieking beasts that never quiet. Fine, I'll just summon a different demon. Ad infernum!" The creature shouted, the black smoke billowing back around the man and his child, holding them a moment. Then, as the smoke receded white, the man found himself back in his home, safe from the encounter.

The man rushed to the fridge grabbed a bottle and plugged it cold into his child's mouth, sighing in relief as the baby ate greedily.