It turns out even the most powerful people in the universe can be just as petty as the rest of us. 

It started with my birth. My father left the house to tell the town he had a son and name my Godfather. On the way an old beggar ask for some money, we did not have much but he gave thankfully since I had been born healthy and happy. The old beggar revealed himself as God and offered to be my Godfather for my dad's kindness. But my dad is a proud man and he disabused himself of God due to the suffering he had seen. The old beggar promised I'd never make it into Heaven due to my father's slight. 

My father arrived at the tavern and began to celebrate. After some time a well dressed noble pulled my dad aside. The noble told him, "I heard what you did on the way here. You are right to be proud. I am no mere noble, I am Lucifer himself. If you allow me to be your son's Godfather he will grow to an all powerful prince."
Now my father was no drunk but he was a few in the bag. Insulted by the devil's offer he jumped back and called out, "how dare you say that of my wife you swine!" And he took a swing. The rowdy crowd knew my mother had just given birth so the idea of someone insulting her drove them into a mob. The devil got away but not without his lumps. 

On the way back home from the tavern, at this point sheets to the wind, my father saw a well dressed man in a dark cloak. Thinking that it was the devil again coming to ply his trade he pointed the cloaked man out to his mates. They all pounced before a thought could enter their head. But this was not the devil but death itself. 

Death whipped about with a gust of power knocking my father's mates about and sending them running. My father stood with quaking knees, mouth flapping with apologies. But death took none. It said, "I heard your treatment of the Devil and God. I thought I would offer my hand. But your foolishness has left me in the opposite mood." And with that it left. 

I grew and heard this story often. For ages I thought my father was just telling tells. My mother often added her description of him coming home stinking drunk. Eventually he passed and the stories stopped. Shortly after she did too.

Years later, after I had a family of my own, I pulled up the covers of my bed for what I felt would be the last time. The shadow at the end of the bed grew form. 

"I am Death but I am not here for you. I will never come for you. A punishment for your father's violence."

I awoke the next morning as if it was a dream. But the years passed and my wife died. My children grew old and passed themselves. Eventually even my own kin didn't know their relation. I ventured far and wide looking for relief. I was told of a mountain that would lead to heaven. Though I didn't believe I had no better plan. 

I climbed the mountain to find a golden gate but the door remained locked for me. St Michael explain, due too the pride in my blood I have been barred from heaven. 

I walked to a nearby cliff and without a real plan, leapt off. I braced for impact but instead the earth swallowed me whole and spat me out in Hades itself. A large shadow loomed over me with a wide grin.

"I have waited a long time for this day old man. Your father sealed your fate generations ago. No relief in death, no escape of heaven, not enen closure and repentance of Hell. You will live a half life neither dead nor alive for the rest of your days."

At that the earth reopened and birthed me out again at the surface. 

So that's my story, Lord knows what I do now...