Modernization is a hell of a thing. You can access information in moments that would have once taken scholars hours or days to track down. You can enjoy the benefits of paying far less for mass produced products than you would have paid if the same things were handmade. Of course, in the old days, you didn't have to worry that the encyclopedia entry you just read was an elaborate prank. And when things were always handmade, you had the benefit of someone actually looking at it and verifying it was made correctly. Most importantly of all, when we did things by hand, I never Reaped the wrong bastard.

Staring in abject horror at the monitor, I recalled how I'd told the Powers That Be what a terrible idea this was. Sometimes, I hate being right. I was helpless to intervene as Marvin Gusman's wife called the police on the stranger who was, rightfully, insisting that he was her husband. I'd warned Them, but it was going to be my ass for this. 

After he was carted off to jail by the police officer who'd been best friends with his son, I started looking into what had gone wrong. The order was clear:
Marvin Gusman
Caucasian Male
Born: 11-1-49
Location: Sioux Falls, SD

As I looked over the Reaping Report, all the information matched. Well, almost. The Report showed that I'd Reaped Marvin Gusman, same date of birth, same everything, except it listed Sioux Falls as "Current Location." I realized I'd never seen that before, and then realized why; the current location of the dead was irrelevant. I'd never pulled the file on a live one before, so I hadn't realized how similar the readouts could be. I'd simply seen the word "Location", missed the "Current", and assumed it was referring to place of birth as always. 

With nothing else to do, I wrote an email to the IT Department:

"Sirs,

Please disable the Final Reaping Protocol on live files. Alternatively, add an undo function. 

-TR"

After a moment of thought, I added: 

"P. S. If you add an undo function, add it only to Final Reaping Protocol. Do not add it on Grim's side. He'll accidentally start a religion."