*BBBWWEHHHHHHAAAAaammmmmmm*

The horn from a passing truck slaps me out of a deep sleep and leaves me prostrate on the ground. 


It's hotter than a Finnish sauna and the air is about as dry as a smudged up chalkboard. I'm not sure where I am but I accept the fact that wherever it is, it most certainly isn't the Rufus P. Dunthrop co-ed dormitory and student center.


 Against my better judgment, I open my eyes and -

*NOPE* 

- I'm blind, this place is BRIGHT, I think I'm blind. Holy canolie, the sky was so blue I can still see it  seared against my eyelids. 

Where the he'll am I? 

I sit up and shield my eyes from the sky before opening them again. I see sidewalks, white concrete buildings and a blue haze.

Oh that's better. I'm not blind. Small miracles, right? 


Okay, I'm in the side lot of a Taco Bell. Well, this is what I get for going to Tequila Tuesdays the night before my SPN 101 final. 


It can't be that late, I thought, fishing through my pockets.

I'll just catch am Uber to campus and, and...... 

"Where's my phone?" I asked to No One on particular. 

Housekeys.... Marlboros....and...What.... Is.... This?

A neatly bundled and banded roll of paper. No; money wrapped in a note. 

No, pesos wrapped in a note. Fuck, how much did I drink? The note says "Este es el examen final" and that's..... 1,000 Mexican pesos.  Really, $60 and a note? Dude, fuck Sr. Weuthers. He knows I stopped paying attention once Maria transferred from the Tuesday/Thursday class. 


So I go to Taco Bell and the whole menu is in Spanish. Not that TexMex Spanglish they use in most locations, full on *Si Senor* Spanish.  Doesn't matter, I've ordered enough gorditas to get through this. 

The girl at the register was cute. 

"Hola", she says, "¿como puedo ayudarte?" 


Jesus christ, it all makes sense. 

I'm in Mexico. Fucking MEXICO! AWESOME!!! 

I really wish I'd paid more attention. 

"Hola Marta, soy dondo Americano, y estoy ..... Lost?"

She raised an eyebrow "¿que?" 

I tried again "querro vama mi casa, en Los Estados Unidos.... Y grande numero 7 con Cokacola por favor."


"Lo siento senor, yo no se como ayudar usted"

She punched at the keypad and totaled my order.

"Cien y venti quattro"

I gave her a wad of pesos and asked of she spoke English. 

"Siento, senor. No puedo." 

I shrugged and stood at the counter, awkwardly trying to avoid eye contact while my gordita was being prepared. 



As I carried the blue plastic tray to a seat, I saw that Admerial of Jackassery himself, professor Weuthers, sitting in a booth in the corner.


I sidled up to him and asked how I did.


"C"

*dios mio, mas Espanol*

"¿Si?  ¿¡Que clase de respuesta fue esa!?"

"Tu pregunta" he replied

One semester of Spanish may have gotten me Maria's number, but I had finally run out of useful phrases.

"How did I do?" I asked again, getting irritated. 

"C" 

Again with the bullshit. 

"Stop saying *Si* ! Are you saying I scored *yes* on my final exam!?"

He paused for a moment, before grinning and  answering

"No, *Say*"

I couldn't take it anymore. The frustration with being kidnapped, dehydrated, and trapped in Mexico without my passport, came to a head. I couldn't take the Spanish anymore. 

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T KNOW!?!?!" 

EDIT: cell phone related spelling correction and copy/paste rectification.