I am chosen.

There came a calling from the holy temple atop the roof of the world, to the most renown dojos and known masters throughout the lands: "Send your best." 

So I was sent. And among the best of that ancient world, I was chosen. I was given an apple, a sword and a holy mission. The apple was an apple from the tree of life, now sadly perished. The sword is made from a fallen star, forged by three blind master smiths at the centre of the world (or so it was believed, and belief went a long way in those days), and imbued with light by the seventh incarnation of Buddha. It is designed to kill djinni and demons, trapping their darkened spirit. It hungers for it.

The mission is to protect the sword, and let it fullfill its desires. Forever, or untill my resolve lessens and my spirit fades, at wich point the sword will claim me.

The sword lost no time and I traveled all over China, finding djinni in places I would have never believed. They hide as men or beasts, or pherhaps in them, and act as natural as anything, often not revealing themselves until my blade are allready through them. I always dreaded the moment were the blade would be wrong, that take I would participate in murder. But it never came.

Something else did. The soulkeeper hesitated. I found a husk of a girl in some rice fields in the Tamil kingdoms. The sword was drawn to her, but had no rush slaying her, and instead hovered over her, almost curious. She don't seem to notice us at all. As it contemplated her, so did I and it seemed to me she was too grey and a little.. out of focus. She gave a sigh of relief as the steel slid through her neck and smiled as she faded.

She wasn't a demon, and I was certain it had not killed. This was a mystery for me for the longest time. Then I saw her again, in the shades of a giant stone cat. Still grey, almost invisible against the sand. From that point on we met her often. In Alexeandria, by the River Thames, in Boston in the new lands! 

Hundreds of times the sword has pierced her and something is changing. Her eyes are gaining color, she's getting sharper, her dress now flow in the wind. She now definitly know when we are near. I have a theory. Our mission has changed. We are not killing her, we are somehow making her whole. We both agree, what demons are left can roam. We will make her whole.