    I am pressed up against the thera-mutatic glass when I wake up. My arm is sore and bleeding from where the IV line ripped out upon what I assume was a crash landing. Assumed so because I am no longer cocooned in the hyper-sleep bed my parents had tucked me into. In fact everything is sideways and I have to crawl along the wall of glass to the button panel to open the door that is now part of my floor. When I open it I have to lower myself through it, hanging from the opening for a second before I let go and land onto the side of a cabinet secured to what is now but never intended to be a wall, but there is a tilt, a dangerous list to the entire craft and my landing is not steady, I immediately begin to slide off of the cabinet. I place myself on my stomach and hang on, my arm leaving a smear of blood along the metal. 
    I feel lighter and it dawns on me that wherever we are the gravity is less than that on Earth, trusting this theory to be fact I leverage my feet beneath me in a crouch position. I jump to another piece of equipment and the success of easily making what is basically a 8 foot semi horizontal leap staggers me. 
    I make my way down the ship to control room. Everything is tossed about, there is smoke and midway there the lights shut off. It is not a large craft and eventually I make my way by feel. I find another button panel and punch in the code. I realize belatedly I am standing on the door, not next to it as I had assumed, and I plummet when it slides out from under me. 
    I do not hit the ground. My hands and arms instinctively reach out to absorb impact. My skin is suddenly cold and extremely sweaty, the sweat pungent with fear. I feel the soft repellant force that one feels when trying to make the same pole on two magnets touch. My body hovers on top of this sensation above the steel wall of the control room. I take a deep breath and relax. The force releases and I fall the two inches left between me and what should have been my demise. 
    "What?" I cannot answer my own question, so it lays there, a pillow of confusion between me and reality, the darkness a stifling blanket. There is an undulation to the darkness. I start to perceive the nuance as a breech in the hull. A portion of the wall designed to be released was flung off. I have no idea if it did so upon impact or if my parents had done the necessary actions to open the emergency exit. But its there, and whether the atmosphere of the planet is actively poisoning or not does not concern me as much as freedom from the damaged ship excites me. 
    I fall asleep, suddenly a wave of torpor hits me and in just a few seconds from that feeling of exhaustion I succomb to it helplessly. 
To be continued...
