I had been foolish but I don’t regret a thing. It started with me accidentally healing my son when I touched his knee and caused the gash on that. I thought I was seeing things until I grabbed my wife’s wrist causing the bone, that she broke when she was just a child that had never been the same again, to heal. I was terrified but also fascinated. Next I healed my best friend who co owns a car repair garage with me because he was sick with the flu and couldn’t make money despite being a single dad. I had never felt so alive. I went on to heal broken bones, colds, flus, fractures, cuts, bruises, sprains, gashes. It was exhilarating. I had used my power on over 100 people and was the happiest I’d ever been. Sadly I couldn’t bring back the dead which devastated me since my mother died of unknown causes when I was just a kid in the early 80s.

One day however, it stopped. I was devastated, I had just gotten started and was planning on travelling the world but a small part of me still felt overjoyed at all the people that are better. Things only got worse however, I got sick. Sick with the flu and my wrist has stiffened up. I checked my knee and my suspicions were true, the graze was there.  It didn’t take a genius to know what was happening.

 Soon I was bedridden with both my legs broken and cuts covering my body, I swear I looked like a mugging victim of a gang. I was feeling the full force of multiple cases of the common cold and flu. Before I got too bad I managed to write a will and a message to my family

“You May think I helped many
But the truth is they helped me more
So thank them for my joy
As I exit through life’s door.”

I got worse and worse until I had barley energy and just closed my eyes and everything went black. Strangely, I started to hear talking from my wife, I think she was crying and calling an ambulance. Her voice was getting louder however as if it was getting closer and closer and closer.

I shot up in bed yet I was still in bed, I could see myself lying in my bed. I might have been a phantom but I’m not sure, I didn’t feel dead and sure as hell didn’t look it either. I got out of bed and left my empty husk of a corpse and saw my son and wife crying. Two paramedics came in and said I was still alive and they needed to take me to the hospital so I watched as  they took me away.

I sat in my empty room for a while, unsure about my weird new state but the question of what to do was answered quickly. Something strange happened. Was I... floating? My feet were  still on the ground but I was rising. I then started rising quicker And quicker and quicker! Getting taller by the second until I had left the atmosphere in a matter of minutes. I kept growing until I left the Milky Way.

It was all so surreal, I stared off into the endlessness of space, seeing all the different colours morph together like the most beautiful painting. The galaxies started to look like molecules in a Petri dish. Eventually the entire damm universe was the size of a molecules and I was in the no where land. 

Everything was nothing. There was absolutely nothing around me, it wasn’t white or black either, it was like the colour of nothing at all and it was almost impossible to describe. I wish I could describe it because it changed my perspective on everything. My brain tried to process this for hours, days, weeks, months, years, decades, centuries, millennia, eons. But it felt like no time had passed until I heard a overwhelmingly loud voice that was like a whisper. 
“Hello!” The voice boomed
“Hello?” I replied and saw the thing. It was definitely humanoid but it was like it didn’t have a form, it kept shifting between colours I had never seen and it’s form kept changing, it also appeared to exist in the 4th and 5th dimension. Even stranger, I could see him in those dimensions. He also appeared to be riding a four legged creature that appeared so large to imagine but could be seen by the naked eye.
“Where am I?” I asked.
“That does not matter, what matters is why you’re here, you see you come from a long line of humans who have had the same ability and have used it to help others, your mother, your grandfather, your great grandfather, your great great grandmother, yo-“
“I understand.” I interrupted, worried that offended the creature. But more importantly, my mother? She was like me? It definitely explained how she showed signs of cancer and bullet damage.
“My highest apologies. You have all used your power to be kind to the human race. Now you have a decision to Make. Stay here and watch as your son gain powers when he had kids of his own and then watch those kids gain powers when they have kids of their own etcetera and live in eternal peace with your lost ancestors that you never got to meet. Or you could go back and see your wife and son again and watch to see what your son does with these abilities. Either way I will not judge.”

I spun around and saw hundreds and hundreds of people standing in a line, shoulder to shoulder, at the middle was my mother, on her left I assume as my grandfather, on the right was probably my great grandfather and it kept going and going. She nodded at me and I turned away.

“I’m going back.” I said firmly and everything began fading.
“One more question before I go, are you god?”
“I’m only god if you believe I am, if you believe I’m only a dream then I am that too. If you think I am a part of your subconscious then I am that too. Goodbye.”

I woke up in the hospital. Only an hour had passed since I had passed out. It felt like I was out for thousands of years. Was it all a dream? I looked to my left to find a vase of flowers that had a note on it.
“Good job son”