At first it started out as just a joke, but eventually it became an obsession. I think that's what ruins everything in the end, when it spirals out of control and suddenly something you were doing so you could laugh about, becomes something that destroys everything that you care about. Since all stories that I've read start with a backstory, even when its a sequel to a best selling novel, I'll include mine for anyone that cares to read it. Everyone in the world that I live in knows that you can charge an attack to make it stronger, but you had to be careful about how long you did it, which is why we didn't have kids very often, they destroyed absolutely everything. I didn't get to grow up with my parents, as they lived in a wooden house, with wooden furniture, I would have turned that place into splinters, and I would have killed myself. Yeah, you can charge up any attack you want to make it more powerful, but then you deal with the consequences. A swat officer can charge up for thirty seconds to smash down a front door, but only people who undergo bone augmentations are allowed to do that job after criminals started reinforcing their doors with metal so it would shatter the persons arm. That was why almost no one had children anymore, because your kid would kill himself if you left him alone for more than a few seconds, because you didn't have to willfully charge the attack. A child might see someone do something, and then hold up their arm in preparation to learn how to do it, and once they hold it up and charge it for several minutes before they figure out how to actually swing their arm like they wanted to, it's enough to kill them.

So children did not grow up with their parents, and I did not grow up with mine. I grew up inside a machine, that prevented me from holding my muscles in any attack position, and it kept me from not killing myself but it kept me from also being free. When I reached the age of six, I was deemed capable of understanding the dangers, and earned limited freedom until I was eleven, and then finally I was introduced to the rest of the kids. Education was the most important part, and before I was released, I was shown a series of videos that showed kids killing their friends with a charged attack, not understanding just how important it was to never charge an attack. However, no level of education was ever enough to combat the stupidity of youth, we are supposed to learn from doing. As we grew up together we started to create stupid games, charging up jumps to see who could time the charge perfectly to slap a bullseye on a wall. Eventually, we reached a game that balanced stupidity with fun, and a twinge of danger that made it so enticing. We called it "Mercy" and it was played very simply. Two of us would stand facing each other, and then prepare a slap. The first person to cry mercy would lose and then both people would release their slap and we would take the hit. The only thing that really made the game safe as the way that we would slap. We would move our hand as slow as possible and instead of trying to impact the face, we wanted to just rest our hand on the face. This reduced the initial amount of force that was built up, and so we could charge for a few seconds and it would just be a hard punch and not a lethal blow.

We were hanging out at my house, bored as usual, when we decided to play the game. We didn't play it that often, but one of the kids was having a rough time at home so we decide to play it to blow off some steam. I was currently in the lead, having called mercy once while making two other people call mercy, and was facing down the last guy in the group for all the marbles. I was eager to win the game, and so I cheated by bringing up my hand right before someone said to go. This was an effective cheat because the other person knew that his slap would always be weaker, so I would automatically last longer. This would have sealed my victory, but then before my friend said go, my mom called up the stairs, "Matt, there is a girl on the phone for you." We all froze in the room, and looked at each other, and my friends began to plot just the best method to tease me, and so I called downstairs, "Which girl?" There was a lapse while my mom asked and then yelled back, "Sarah." There was a chorus of laughter throughout the room, Sarah was a girl that I had a major crush on. Then Eric started to cry, and we all looked at him, and then looked at my hand. It was still in the air, ready for the slap that I had completely forgotten about. Everyone panicked and Eric backed away from me, how long had I been holding the slap? A minute maybe? No one knew for sure, and so we didn't know what to do. I should have just slapped the wall then, might have lost my arm, but that would have been the end of it. Instead, my friends rushed down the stairs and yelled at my parents, who couldn't understand them in all the chaos, and by the time that they figured it out, I had been standing here for more than ten minutes now. My parents panicked as well, knowing that I was going to lose my arm, and called the police to find out what the correct procedure to use was, because I might take down the house if I hit something now. The person on 911 misunderstood and thought someone was threatening them with a charged attack and told them to wait while they sent a squad car over. Thirty minutes later, the police arrived on the scene, and then ten minutes after that they came up to talk to me.  They evacuated the entire area, but I had been holding the attack for three hours by the time that they cleared the area, and so they called back to ask for an attack specialist to evaluate the impact of the damage.

I didn't learn this until now, but up until this point, the longest prepared attack was five hours and forty three minutes. It was a suicide attacker, who charged up a stomp for as long as he could hold it, and then released it. He leveled more than three football fields worth of the city with that attack. I reached that point as the specialist was asking me to remember if my hand had moved at all during the first minute of the charge, so he could estimate the base level of the charge, then some specialists from the hospital came in around the seven hour mark and put my hand into a cast to prevent it from moving. When you hold a charged attack, you can't move your hand out of the attack until it's finished, and so my entire arm was on fire, having been forced to hold it perfectly in the air for so many hours, but the sling did nothing to help it. Even though it couldn't actually move anymore, my muscles still burned like I held it up. A doctor stayed with me through the night, while I cried on and off, unable to sleep, in nothing more than agony. The next day several experts were there, asking me over and over again to tell them about the attack that I was charging, they had used the phone call records to estimate when the whole thing had started. A kind soul put a tv in front of me, hoping that it would distract me, but that just allowed me to listen to the news as they talked about me. There was a huge debate across the internet, as people suggested just shooting me in the head so I could not kill the entire planet. That's what the debate had reached by the end of the second night, if I carried out my attack at this point, would it shatter the planet, and if so, should they kill me to prevent it? I asked a doctor straight up if they would kill me, and he balked and told me that there was a huge debate amongst the scientific community while they tried to figure out if killing me would release the stored energy anyways, since it had to go somewhere. By the early hours of the third day, my arm has moved past pain, into something else and I manage to sleep for a few hours. No one but my parents talk to me anymore, the scientists are busy crunching numbers to determine if they can kill me, or put me in a coma. 

On the fourth morning the scientists come to tell me the plan, and my parents are in the room. They are going to build a ship to send me deep into space, where hopefully my slap won't be able to affect other planets. My parents are crying now, and I feel like I am being sentenced for my crime. It had started off as a simple joke, a fun way to pass the time, and now my parents weep while the scientist explains that due to the time it will take to build the ship, and the time that it will take for me to leave, I will have to make the choice on when to make the attack. The longer that I hold it, the more likely I am to end the entire universe, but the quicker that I release it, the more likely the shockwave will kill humanity. My mind goes back to the video's they showed us before they released us back into the public, and smile an ironic smile. At least no kids in the future will play a game of Mercy.

*****
You can always catch more of my writing at /r/iruleatants