The Tornado took everything.

The entire world, turned to dust. Or at least, her entire world. The Zarbenian garden, the aereocarriage, even the delgor flew away off his chain with a yelp. Poor Spot, he was a good delgor.  Gjeor Yaell looked at his wife as the tornado raged around then, huddled in the storm cellar as the wards on their home failed to the power of nature.

"How is she?" He asked, looking at their bundle of joy swaddled in Lah-ra's arms.

"Sleeping, thank Oan. Will we be safe here?" She asked, rocking the baby a bit. "The house, the carriage, even Spot went up in that beast!" Hey voice was increasingly fearful.

"Put her in her bassinet. She'll be fine there. And we'll be safe so long as we keep our wits." Gjeor was better when he was doing something. Using his mind. He recognized he'd have to be the rock his wife needed, and if he let himself not be busy for a moment, he knew they'd be lost.  "Here, help me secure the porthole shut." He said, rising to the shaking and struggling entry way into the cellar.

Lah-ra placed their daughter in the bassinet, patting the baby girl on the cheek. "Sleep, little one. The world is only shaking for a little bit. Soon everything will be golden once again" She said before she waved her hand around the bassinet, sealing it with a bit smaller, compact rune that would ensure no harm befell the baby before she was removed from the basket.  Then she ran Gjeor and held the lathercord steady behind him. His fingers sewed the wire around the knobs of the porthole, ceasing the rattling it caused. Gjeor turned to his wife, taking her into his arms as he looked at their daughter's bassinet. "Be strong, love. Our daughter will be a light for the Stars."

It was the last thing he said as the porthole broke. Both he and Lah-ra were sucked out in an instant, the wind shrieking like a banshee. Their thoughts were of their daughter in her bassinet, secured and safe as soon it, too was sucked through the porthole.

      --------

The truck skidded across the dirt of the old Kansas road. To call it a road, though, was generous, more a path carved into the dirt through sheer stubbornness of the old farming couple that lived near.  And with winter approaching, the conditions weren't the best.

"Gosh darn this road!" The woman not-swore as she stepped out of the vehicle, inspecting their car.

"Let's just best be hoping there ain't nothing wrong with the car." The man replied, hopping out to inspect the tires. "Can you shine that flashlight over this way?" He was bent over now, looking under the bed of the truck.  "Martha? I said can you give me a light.  Martha?!" He said, getting up to see what his wife was looking at.

"John… look." She said, shining the light at bassinet sitting in the field.

You know the rest. Doomed home, desperate parents, last hope, kindly couple, something… Super.