"Let me help you."


Those were the only words I remember. That mystical utterance came with an out-stretched hand, reaching down from the light. I don't recall anything else, just a blur of flashing colors, splintered from its original form. However blinding those lights were, though, did nothing to wipe my memory of that terrible darkness. That cold, never ending abyss that I put myself through, devoid of any life. It was a pure, undiluted hatred for anything that wasn't hatred itself. This included me. I never thought I could despise anything as much as I despised myself, and this extended to other people in my life. I asked myself, time and time again, how come their life is so beautiful, and yet I'm over here? Why do they get to reap the bountiful of happiness, and yet I suffer?


Maybe it's because I just wasn't as good at anything like the others. I couldn't run as fast, nor jump as high, and I certainly wasn't the smartest. I was the bare minimum. I was told by others that of course I'm valuable, otherwise I wouldn't have even been placed on this planet. I was told that all I had to do was be patient, and my time to shine will come. I was told to be patient, because He works in mysterious ways. This philosophy has followed me for the past couple years, until it didn't. Or rather, until I unsubscribed from this disillusion and chose to classify myself. How best to describe myself as worthless? My parents never paid much attention to me, choosing instead to focus on my brothers. I was willing to make that sacrifice, and to grow without the warmth of love because my brothers needed it more than I did. I decided to ignore the attention of my previous teachers, because my troublesome classmates needed it more than I did. I wasn't going through a family death, or my house burning down, or something way outside of normal circumstances that could easily be dismissed as His work. I was just there, floating through a dream of destruction, my only enjoyment being derived from however successful my attempts at being unnoticed truly were. 


Which is why I was surprised to wake up in the hospital bed, covered in bandages and stitches. Of course the first thing i awoke to was a proclamation that only an act of God had woken me up. Apparently, I slipped into a coma for 3 months after that day happened. I wasn't supposed to live, according to the doctors. Even if I did, they argued, the brain damage was too great; I'd be a vegetable. In their professional opinion, they told my parents to pull the plug. After those 3 months, my parents agreed. They pulled the plug, surrounded by my town. Showered in flowers, laurels, and gifts fit for a king, the plug was pulled and I woke up, in some kind of cruel fit of irony. 

I was told that next day what had happened. An alien invasion force targeted my building as a show of force. The "bomb" was successful in dropping the building to rubble, capturing thousands underneath its destruction. The Day of Reckoning was upon us, and killed hundreds in that first shot. I wasn't supposed to survive. Nobody was supposed to survive. Nobody was supposed to survive because nobody was supposed to be in the building. Apparently, the commander missed the memo to strike on the weekend, when we were away. To late, they said. The damage was done, they said. Well, at least that much was true. But why was I waking up from a coma in a hospital, and not dead underneath concrete? Because they never invaded, I was told. I was incredulous! Again, I must suffer before someone changed their mind to benefit everyone else?

The short answer was Yes, because He had activated his angel in the Field. Days after waking up, I began to recover my memory. I remember a darkness that smelled of pure evil, the air being thick with dust and unable to breath. I remember every bit of pressure that transformed my body into the monster I had envisioned for years. I remember the searing pain of my body being burned from the fire, as rebar pierced my limbs. I remember the absolutely terrible compromise I made with myself: that i was going to die here, and to not be afraid. I had drifted off into unconsciousness as a rock was ripped off my body. 

"Let me help you." those were my words. Now that I was out of the coma, a clarity had come to those final memories. I said that to a child,  to scared to run, as his literal world came crashing down. I said that over and over again, rushing in to save children from a fate to horrible for them. I was only at the Middle School because I was assigned to help a teacher as a discipline thing. Of course I agreed, because the High School was having a teacher's only day. I remember that terrible cold from the night air of New England, electing to continue ripping apart rubble in search of the kids. I remember finding a group of children, huddled together on the ground, trapped by a spiky piece of concrete and fire. I wasn't the strongest, nor was I quick enough to grab them when the jack failed. I sure as Hell wasn't smart enough to find a different way out of this situation, because I was operating on 32 hours without sleep. The fire crews couldn't help, because they were trying to knock down the rest of the fire before it spread to the elementary school. So I chose to do the one thing I knew how to do: I sacrificed myself. I got underneath the concrete, and braced it with my body as the kids crawled out. I tried my best not to grimace in pain, as metal stabbed through my bones and my skin melted off the muscles. Anything for these children, who deserve better than I do. That's why the invasion was called off: because in the face of engineered death, we were willing to do something without thinking about it. We were willing to sacrifice in a  war with the forces of evil, if it meant someone else would survive.  We were willing to hurt, so others don't have to. When the time came, unlike the other races who sat back and thought about something, humans did the polar opposite. The ability to put away our thoughts and lead with emotion taught the alien races one thing: to fear us. To fear the race who doesn't think before they act. To fear the race who puts others ahead of themselves. To fear the race whose actions make aliens doubt themselves due to inadequacy. And as I should know, Self doubt is one of the worst things anyone can do to themselves. 