Ronaldo's computer always gave him a hard time right before he got to see who was going to die. His laptop worked fine any other time of the day, but between the encrypted browser and the glitchy, slow VPN, he wanted to put a bullet right into the metallic fruit icon. But being impulsive would cost him $700, and being patient would earn him multiples more. So he sat and concentrated on his breathing while the page slowly loaded. When that didn't work, he twisted his neck and stared out the window. He knew the brick red roof was roughly twenty feet away, perfect to relax your long distance vision on. Then the laptop finally went bing as the page finished loading its contents.

     "Finally," he said as he went about scrolling through the page. The intel was a lot of simple details usually, followed by common public places. Ronaldo had a habit of moving his lips while he read, which he did as he committed everything to memory. Once he clicked the red X, everything went away forever. There couldn't be anything physical left, not even the bits of digital info, so it had to go into his head. Once all that was done, the encrypted browser was clicked away in favor of the standard one. Easier to get plane tickets with the browser that has all your credit card info, he thought. Then the confirmation email, memorization of important details, and closing the lid. Business is all done, he thought, now for pleasure. Before he left, Ronaldo pulled a .22 silenced firearm from underneath the faded polka dotted pillow, and took his frustrations out on the laptop with two quick fftts.

     

     Stacey's feet hurt more than anybody's had ever hurt in the history of the world. Of this, there could be no doubt, she thought. The clacks of the yellow heels she thought she could endure ended when she finally put a hand on the thin metallic railing and peeled them off. Her finger became covered with sweat and the remnants of a melted ice cube she'd put in there hours earlier. The ice cube was a way of dulling the pain that started mid-afternoon and finally became unbearable just now.


    "Stacey!" The bride yelled from the doorway. She had to lay her bare arms flat against her dress and press it in to get through the reception Hall's door. "Are you leaving?"

    "Just relaxing my aching sole, but pretty soon" Stacey said with a grin at her own joke, pressing her thumb into the soft flesh. The bride waddled over, hoisting the fluffy dress up to avoid crunching it onto the grimmy floor. Stacey had managed to find a section of pavement that was free of spilled drinks and cigarette butts, an effort the Bride was attempting now herself. Stacey straightened back up and met her halfway, and the two cheery blondes embraced with an "ooooh."

     "Most of the extended family's left, and the staff will clean up, you can take off if you gotta," the Bride said as her arms squeezed into Stacey's shoulders for emphasis.

     "That depends if there's anything left in the keg!" Stacey laughed. After the ice and the short foot massage failed, she needed the drink. Unfortunately, the Bride broke the sad news that they had drank it dry. 

     "Nothing left but foam," she sighed. If anybody understood the need of a tired wedding photographer for a drink, it was a bride at the end of her reception. There was no need to hang around a dying party, so Stacey wished the Bride all the best with her groom and her marriage. The next step was to carefully navigate the sidwalk barefoot, and follow the path through the bar's big wooden doors. It took a bit of strength to hoist it open, but thankfully the hardwood floor wasn't disgusting. Stacey carefully padded across to the bar, then placed her shoes and camera bag on the bar and her butt in the barstool.

     "Barkeep!" She hollered down the bar to the single person working, "I need a beer, like right now please!"

     After the tall bartender made his way to the freezer and delivered Stacey's drink, she set about getting unzipping her bag and taking out her camera. Her head tilted off to the side to allow her to pour a long swig down her throat while her other thumb pinched her phone in a claw-like grasp, ordering a taxi to come pick her up. The car would be there shortly, hopefully not so soon she couldn't enjoy a cold one.

     "You should think about getting water first," a voice said next to her. "They say rehydration is the key to endurance."

     Stacey jumped slightly at hearing this. The handsome latin man who was advising her to drink more water had apparently been there since she sat down. Since she came in, maybe? He was holding a bottle of Corona to his lips, and it was drunk down to the bottom of the neck.

     "I'm not so worried about endurance anymore," she told him, shaking the bottle slightly. "This right here is my reward for a job well done."

     "Paid purely in beer? You've got to be a better photog than that," the stranger replied. Stacey had been the official photographer for her friend's wedding. They'd known each other since high school, she explained to him, so while she was worth the usual asking price, she shot this one for free.

     "But don't tell anybody I did this one for cheap or I'll have you killed," Stacey laughed. She leaned back and let her bare shoulders press against the leather backing. It meant the sweat she exuded would cause her skin to stick, but she didn't care.

     "Oh don't worry about me, I can keep a secret better than anybody," the man said. With that, they clinked their bottles in agreement.

     "I'm not gonna fuck you," Stacey finished her latest drink of beer, placing the bottle on the bar and very nearly knocking over a bowl of peanuts. "Just so we're clear, I just needed a beer."

     The man laughed, throwing his head back slightly. He clearly wasn't expecting her to say that, but her frankness amused him. "I'm a little insulted. I had no intentions of seducing someone I met five minutes ago. Do I seem so desparate to sleep with you?"

     "Just laying it out there so there's no weirdness when my Uber shows up. I don't even know your name, so..."

     "I'm Ronaldo," he held out his hand to shake hers. "Pleasure to meet you, Ms?"

     "Stacey," she shook his hand. "Still not gonna fuck ya."

     "Nor I you," Ronaldo leaned up and pointed his bottle at her camera bag. "So can I ask what kind of camera you have instead?"