"Prisoner 384, come forward" the guard commands me to come forth, I slowly limp forward. Each step feeling like a nail driven through my foot. A look of impatience appears on his face, but I keep taking my time. He eventually slides the door open, grabs me by my arm and drags me toward the exit of my cell. I already knew what was going to happen. It was the same thing that happened every day for the last six months. 

He takes me to his favorite chamber. The sadistic smile on his lips gave him away. "Ready for today's torture?" he asked under his breath. The other guards looked away, they knew what he was going to do to me. Yet, they never raised their hand in defense of me. Funny thing about being the warden's offspring gave you a bit of "immunity" I cough loudly, some blood leaking from my mouth. The other prisoners were glad that I was his punching bag. It meant that they weren't going to be tortured. They were taking the time to heal their own broken bodies. 

The door slams shut, he grabs me by my hair. This was just the beginning, of my hell. He starts slowly as usual. Had to build up to the more "interesting" techniques. He whispers in my ear "Today is the day I end your life" I would laugh if I could. He's been threatening to kill me for months now. Then his boot comes crashing down onto my foot. I scream out in pain, and he laughs. He grinds the boot against my foot. Again, pain coursed through my body. 

He seemed satisfied with my reactions because he grabs me by my throat and tosses me into a chair. I knew what was going to happen next. I watch as he ties me down. Legs, arms, wrists, and waist. He had to make sure that I was secured, otherwise, he couldn't enjoy the futility of me struggling against the bonds. 

"What toys shall we play with today?" he asks me, knowing that I couldn't answer. Instead, I just cry, the tears slowly running down my cheek. He laughs at my pathetic display. "Don't worry Prisoner, eventually you'll die from this. I don't know when, but I do hope you last through this. You're my favorite torture doll" he then shoves a needle into the palm of my hand. Lately, he's been really into needles. The first time, he just laughed for hours as I screamed. Now he seems to be more into precise expressions that he can force me to make. 

He shoves a needle into each of my fingers. Each needle makes me scream out even more. I learned long ago that struggling only made him angrier. All he needed to know was that he was in absolute control of me. Which he was, no one was going to come to rescue me. There was no hope, it was just me, him, and this eternal hell. Once he drives the needles into my other hand the pain makes me faint. 

The murky void comes to me, and a voice calls out to me. Before I was able to make out what was being spoken a frigid chill rips me back to reality. "Can't have you fainting on me" he then resumes his methodical torture. He takes a tiny hammer and taps it against my knuckles. Each strike was harder than the last one. By the time he was done, my fingers, and my knuckles were broken and bloody. 

After an indeterminate amount of time, he drags my lifeless body to my prison cell. Then tosses me on the bed. "Goodnight, doll" I can't formulate an adequate response. A soft gurgle escapes from my lips as I roll off my bed. Blood spills forth from my mouth as my face smacks against the floor. A gentle voice calls out to me. 

"Hello Doll" a gentle hand reaches out to me. My eyes look around my cell, trying to find the source of the voice or anything. "I've been trying to help you for a while, but every time you would be able to hear me. He would bring you back to this world" my eyes finally find her. The most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I crawl to be closer to her, but I stop. Afraid that someone so beautiful must be disgusted by someone who looked like me. I was just a doll, and I had no right to be near her. 

Before I was able to withdrawal from her, she just wraps her arms around me. "Don't be afraid my dear, I'm here for you. I'll keep you from being harmed ever again." her voice drew me closer to her. Quietly tears flow from my eye's, my savior was finally here. She was a beautiful angel, every feeling that I'd been holding back just spills forth. The anger, the loathing, the hatred, and the regret. Sure, I'd done something bad but my crime didn't deserve this torture. 

She spent the whole night with me, gently stroking my hair. She sat there wiping away my tears. Then when the sun came up, she took me with her when she left. I didn't feel any more pain, it was just me and my angel. She kept her promise, she released me from my pain. She kept me from being harmed ever again." the woman with beautiful black wings. 