The first time I saw HER I was in the fourth grade. 

My little brother, some friends and myself decided tonight we wanted to try to do something we had seen in movies. It was asked what we could do when I suggested calling Bloody Mary.

None of the other kids knew what I was talking about so I explained the best way my fourth grade brain could explain. 

“You turn off the lights in the bathroom and light a candle and say her name three times.”

“That’s it?”

“I think so. I only saw the movie once.”

“You’re supposed to say her name five times.”

“Uh uh. It’s three times. At least I think. Want to do it?”

We all agreed but I couldn’t find a regular candle so we used one that my grandfather gave us when our grandmother died. It was weird and I remember him hugging my mom who was crying really hard saying “If you want to talk to Mom again, just light it in the dark and say her name”. 

Mom took grandmas death really really hard as it came out of nowhere. Grandma was only in her 50s when she died and didn’t have any issues prior to her death. That’s why it hit everyone so hard. I saw grandpa crying when she first passed but a week later, he was all smiles and living life. The following week is when he gave Mom the candle. 

We grabbed the candle, went into the bathroom turned the lights out except for the nightlight for my little brother to use the bathroom at night. 

“Go ahead and light the candle!”

“Oh? I’m not allowed to use a lighter or anything with fire. I thought one of you guys could do it?”

“You’re a scaredy cat!”

“What a wimp. Why’d you say we should do it if you’re not allowed to? No one will find out”

I gave in to peer pressure. I went out into the kitchen where I saw Dad put the matches he uses to light the grill and grabbed them. I hesitated walking back to the bathroom thinking if I should just say I couldn’t find them but thought that my friends would just go out and try to find them and I would get in trouble for them digging through our stuff. Mom and Dad were outside with other adults while we were supposed to stay upstairs and play. I decided to just do it since I knew it was a movie and nothing would happen plus I was going to light the candle in the sink so I could just turn on the water to make it go out in case the fire got out of hand. 

When I got back with the candle, we sat it in the sink and lit the candle. 

“Bloody Mary”

Giggles came from behind me. 

“Bloody Mary”

Those giggles became squeaks. 

“Bloody Mary”

RARRRR!!!!

A couple of the other kids screamed behind me scaring the shit out of me and my little brother almost making us piss ourselves. Immediately, I heard from outside a couple parents move around and doors open. I immediately turned the water on to out the flame out and hid the candle and matches behind the toilet. 

The bathroom door swung open and my Mom, Dad and several of the other parents stood there asking what seven little boys were doing in the bathroom. My little brother being innocent immediately spoke up. 

“We’re trying to see Bloody Mary Mom!”

“Alright. I think that’s enough for tonight.” One of the parents said and others agreed that it was getting late. The parents took their kids and left for the evening while my brother and I got ready for bed. I let him use the bathroom first so he could get extra sleep. That was the usual. 

“Why do you think Bloody Mary didn’t show up?” my brother asked. 

“Because it’s a movie. It’s fake.” I replied to him. 

“I saw the same movie remember? There wasn’t any light in the bathroom when they lit the candle. Do you think that my nightlight kept her from coming?”

“I’m not sure.” I replied. “What does it matter?”

“I heard the other kids say that you did it wrong on purpose because you were scared. You’re not scared are you?”

“N, no I’m not! It just didn’t work. Plus they screamed”

My little brother shrugged his shoulders and went into the bathroom and take his bath while I went into our room. 

Mom got my younger brother ready and was trying to give us our independence at an early age so we could learn how the real world operates. She asked if he needed anything else, told him she loved him and closed the door. 

Less than 10 minutes later, a horrible scream came from my brother in the bathroom. My room was closest to the bathroom door and I was scared but I slowly crept to the bathroom door to see what it was. I was focused only on that door and nothing else. I inched closer and closer to that door reaching my hand out for the door knob from what seemed like a mile away. Just as my hand touched the doorknob, my Dad rushes up the stairs and toward the door snapping me out of my own mind. 

I wasn’t even close to the door. When I snapped back to reality, I was in the doorway of our bedroom and hadn’t taken a single step out of the doorway. I saw my father struggle with the door as my Mom came from behind him when finally he hit it with his shoulder and the door busted open. It was completely dark inside and my father searched to find the light switch. When it came on, I saw something that I’ll never forget. 

The walls were covered in blood. The tub was over running with water. The candle was in the sink not lit but smoke poured from the wick showing it had been lit. My mother immediately grabbed the candle while my father searched the bath water for my brother. Both screaming and panicking. They found nothing. There were no windows or other doors to enter or exit the bathroom. Water splashed and went everywhere as they searched for him. My mother checked behind the bathroom door and both came to me asking if I saw where my brother went. I was in shock from what I saw but my eyes never left the bathroom because as soon as my mother and father came out to me, over their should I could see HER. I saw her long narrow fingers wrap around the top of the door frame and her stringy hair lower from the ceiling as her face and gnarly mouth appeared. It looked like she had a cut on her mouth making a smile but I wasn’t sure because her hair covered her face. 

“Where’s your brother?!” my parents yelled towards me. My father on his knees with his hands on my shoulders while my Mom clutched the candle to her chest seemingly to protect it holding back tears. 

“I...I... I don’t know! He was taking a bath...wha..what happened! Wh...who is that?!!!” I said and I began to cry burying my face into my fathers chest. 

All these years later, I don’t think he or my Mom ever heard the last thing I said. We had a funeral for my little brother. There wasn’t a body. My grandfather was in attendance. I wore my suit that I had gotten earlier that year for grandmas funeral. Again, I saw my grandfather hug my Mom and hand her a candle similar to the one he gave her for grandma. I heard him say something like “Throw the other one out” and Mom began to cry. It scared me at first because I thought he was talking about me so on the car ride home I asked my mother if she was going to throw me away and started crying. Dad pulled over on the side of the road, both my parents got out and we all cried on the side of the road one last time. 