"And how did you find out about our organization, Mr...?"

The lab coat clad researcher lifted his eyes over the manilla folder with a few papers inside in an uninterested inquiry. 

"Mr. Garner. And I heard about some weird things happening to other people, and then a lot of people dressed in military gear came to help, and this thing's been coming after my family for over a century. It's a problem. It's been getting creative, too. It somehow got a public works project to put a canal through my house. I was living in the middle of New Mexico at the time. I had to gather what little information I could from whispers, and rumors, and I finally found one of your outposts, and, well, here we are."

"Here we are indeed. Well, you're in luck. We have an entire brance of our organization dedicated to shark based anomalies. We will try to contain it, of course, but they're the specialists. This is all the information you will be given or retain from this conversation, or from your experience with you. Trust me, though. You're in good hands."

"Thank you so much. So... How do I get out of here? Just out the door and to the left, or?" Out like a light. When Mr. Garner finally came to in his home, a single piece of paper was in his hand. He had no memory of the past several months, but he had a feeling that that damned shark was finally taken care of. 

Item Number: SPC-5837

Object Class: Great White. 

Shark Punching Contingencies: The current protocol is to constantly have one punching agent follow the current targeted member of SPC-5837-A. If SPC-5837 appears, the punching agent is to approach for standard punching procedures. 

Description: SPC-5837 is attracted through possibly anomalous means to the oldest member of the newest generation of the family designated as SPC-5837-A. SPC-5837 is impossibly old, and is incredibly reselient to punches, requiring several precision punches to deter it. Containment is difficult, as SPC-5837 is incredibly intellegent, and can transfer itself through any form of water, even if a grate or pipe is too small to logically fit SPC-5837. 