Every day, at the start of his shift, the bartender liked to ensure that everything would be in place so that his shift would run perfectly.  A kind of ritual that comforted his perfectionist personality, but today just thirty minutes before happy hour was set to begin, he found his routine disturbed.  He had only been on the clock officially for three minutes when the kitchen door swung open with a violent bang.  He had kicked the kick plate along the bottom of the door harder than he thought, but he was in a rush.  He ran behind the bar, his hand pulled every so slightly by the air collecting in the plastic to-go bag he carried.  Behind the bar, he bolted to the ice bin where he feverishly began to scoop ice into the bag.  When the bag was halfway filled, he tied it off and crossed to the far edge of the bar where he handed the bag and a paper towel to a gentleman who immediately wrapped the bag in the paper towel and placed it to his forehead.  The gentleman wondered out loud if he received a concussion or not.

The bartender didn’t respond.  He just rushed back towards the curve of the bar and began slicing one of the many, many limes from the large pile resting on the bar surface for drink garnishes.  As he sliced, a horse entered and sat at the nearby barstool.  The bartender glanced up and thought to himself that the horse appeared very depressed.  Normally, had his routine been completed the bartender would have greeted the horse, but he still needed to get through a mountain of lemons and limes in addition to the rest of his work.  Even so, without even the slightest warning, the horse immediately began to recount the many trials and tribulations that was his life. 

The bartender listened, but tried to make it abundantly clear he was busy.  Very busy actually.  He was still running very much behind schedule.  There were still the lemons and limes as well as needing to get more olives and pearl onions from the kitchen.  Most importantly, he still needed to take inventory of which bottles needed to be restocked for the evening.  Then he needed to make a number of trips to the liquor closet to get those bottles.  Luckily, the previous shifts bartender approached and asked if there was anything he needed before leaving for the day.  The bartender begged for him to slice some of the fruit while he ran to liquor closet to restock. 

As the bartender made his way towards the liquor closest he was passed by three standing customers.  The shortest of the three patrons, a bald man wearing large beads, excused himself from their passionate conversation on the role of religion in the modern world, and requested a table for him and his two companions.  The bartender sighed and audible sigh and escorted the three men to an empty table and pointed out the specials on the menu.   

The bartender then double-timed it passed the front entrance to the liquor closest and began to fill boxes with bottles of liquor and wine.  He stacked all the boxes and loaded his arms with a manageable load to take back to the bar.  On his way he was greeted by a five-dollar bill entering through the front doors.  The bartender quickly informed the bill that this was singles night and watched as the bill angerly stormed out.

The bartender had made three trips back and forth from the bar to the liquor closest.  It wasn’t until about seven-twenty-eight that the bartender finally made it behind the bar for good.  It had taken two hours and twenty eight minutes for him to finish his pre-shift ritual, a good one hour and forty-three minutes longer than usual due to having navigated passed pet alligators, a piano player he swore was no taller than one foot, more blonde women than he could count, and even, at one point, a confused man who questioned him about when “the bra closed” that evening.  He stood behind the bar, taking in his very first peaceful moment since arriving to work.  It was that moment where he first noticed he hadn’t yet poured a single drink.  He wondered to himself whether or not these customers were going to order anything or if they were only good for walking into bars.        