It was seeing his own reflection in the blood, as it pooled over the faux-wood linoleum, that triggered the memory. As Henry examined the slick red version of his face. For that moment, he was ten again, tearing open wrapping paper, a young mind full of excitement and possibilities.

Not a middle aged man who'd just murdered his wife during an argument, bringing it to an abrupt close.

Another argument, but the same as always. "You're lazy. Why won't you get a real job?" and the one that stretched the elastic band back until it snapped, "I'm leaving you."

> *"Wow, mom! How'd you get it? Tom says these things are sold out everywhere!" His mom replied, but she'd already become a hazy background buzz, as excited fingers grappled with smooth red plastic, pulling it down over his head. A swoosh in his ears as the menu opened.*

Frying pan had hit skull. Skull had hit floor. Regret had hit Henry almost as hard and at least as fast. Now though, staring at the glossy reflection, it all made sense.  

His grey life, devoid of color. The nights -- and days -- wasted drinking or binging Netflix. The opportunities untaken, untested, that he'd dismissed with a wave of his hand, because, of course, there would always be more. 

And now this. 

> *The choices were limited. Explore a city. A boat down the Nile. Excitement was already draining away and the thought of Lego growing more enticing.*

These weren't the lucid sensible decisions of someone living life knowing that this was their very only shot at it. They were the choices - mistakes - of someone who knew it was all fake. A game. One of many attempts.

His world was a construction of imagination.

Somehow, he'd just forgotten.

Until now.

He crouched down and ran his hand through the blood, bringing two fingers to his face, painting the memory of the VR unit over his eyes.

There. 

Now he was ready.

"Goodbye Marie. Maybe we'll do this again, sometime. But better, you know? Let's be real, I was always meant for better things."

It was a relief. A crushing weight lifted. Not just of the murder -- this life been pressing down on him since long before.

He strode purposefully into the kitchen, the first scent of hope drifting up his nose since... Since when? Since the wedding? Or, since that day when he was ten years old. 

He grabbed a knife from a drawer. 

The VR unit wouldn't come off easily. He'd have to pry it off his eyes.

> *"Done already, sweetie? Did you have fun?"*

> He hadn't. The VR city had made him feel sick. And it was boring, anyway. He'd never end up in such a grey world. He had pulled the device off his head and shrugged dismissively. "It was okay." 

> "Maybe you should give it more of a chance?"

> He rolled his eyes. Why bother? There would always be other play-things, other chances. He dropped down to his knees and grabbed the next present. Maybe there would be Lego.