Life stood precariously before the closed metallic door.  I took a set of cast-iron keys and fit them into the door, hearing that all familiar click as the door unlocked.

“What’s it like in there?” Life asked; the question was hanging on a furrowed brow for some time – it was only a matter of time before it was asked.  Even moments before their souls are ushered into a new realm, they all try to prepare those precious seconds for what’s to come.

“I have never been.” I replied.  I had never admitted that to anyone.  I am merely the driver to the destination.  I unlock the door.  I coax them to where they belong.  My bony demeanor, my inset eyes and the shadowed bags that droop beneath them, my missing and yellowed teeth – I did not give off much vibrancy of life, but my form clung to it, like Life was now.  It was an ironic beauty; I chuckled.

“What do you tell the others before me who ask?” Life questioned; Life had always been an altruist, I respected them for that.

“I tell them that beyond this door is whatever they long for.  I tell them to hold on to that in their mind as they cross the precipice,” I began, “Then I shut the door.  I never hear laughter or screams.  Just echoes.”

“What is it that you long for, Death?” Life had asked me.  Life and I had a lot in common, and in this most vulnerable moment of my existence, Life knew that, too.  I hang my head and smiled weakly.

“I’ve had a long time to think about it.  I’ve ushered many through this door.  I’ve heard many confessions.  At times, it felt like my own existence was timeless – that every day, year, and millennia was a mere speck of sand in a vast ocean of time.  Today, it feels asymptotic.  I’m so close, yet still just dancing on the edge of a new infinity.”

Life nodded understandably.  “That doesn’t answer the question, though.”

Death sighed. “I don’t know anymore.  The Universe is already closing its sleepy eyes.  All I wanted was to know a normal life.  Sometimes I wanted to throw myself through this door, if I could, just to see if I would wake as someone new.  I’m not sure if that is possible anymore.”

Life grinned at my answer.  “We may be treated so differently, Death, but you and I have much in common.  I can tell you with certainty that life prevails.  We came to this point once, and for now we shall hibernate.  The greatest winter is upon us, but spring always brings forth life triumphant.”

The lights in the room flickered.  If Life or Death could have peered outside at the cosmos, they would have seen stars being eaten up by the imploding Universe, finally folding in on itself…  the long reaching tendrils of galaxies disappearing into the stomach of the void.  This room was created at the center of it all where the Big Bang had originally occurred eons ago.  Billions of years of universal expansion were racing back to this point, being sucked in like a tape measure.

Finally, I broke the silence. “It’s time, Life.  I am glad, though, that I finally could unburden myself and venture over this boundary with a new friend.  Would you join me? I do not want to go through alone.”

 Life stood up, tears welling in their eyes, but still, a smile appeared upon the androgynous face.  Life approached, cloven hooves clicking across the floor.  I held onto all of these sights and sounds, smells and feelings into my mind – trying to pack them away and labeling them.  Life reached out their hand and I, mine.  Vines crept from their bodice onto mine, turning cold and withered.  I opened the door, a final wind rushed through my gray hair and Life’s leaf-entangled tresses.

Then, we plunged into the unknown.

---

Rough first draft.  I have not written for a prompt before, but this one was inspiring.  I'm glad I chanced upon it.  I typically write mostly poetry, so it was good to stretch my short story muscles.  Any comments and critique are welcome; like I said, I wrote this in about 45 minutes between work meetings, so there's definitely polishing to be done.