There was a sunny day and grassy fields and a good total of 12 miles to the next town over. The cross country trek had started as something impossible, a goal of satisfying wanderlust and the desire to help others that would take me across an america most only drove by. But now, halfway through Wyoming, I was tired. I had made it two miles with my thumb out before my arm got too tired to hold up, but my legs simply ached at the thought of making it another 12. So far in, the journey had become discouraging. But hope was on the horizon in the form of a broken down toyota corolla, and a young woman arguing furiously for a tow that didn’t break her wallet.

“Got a problem with your car?” I asked, my scouts motto of doing a good turn daily pushing me much less than my hope that if I helped her, she might be able to drive me to a place I can rest.

Her eyes flicked at me, first in annoyance at the dirty, seemingly homeless boy with ripped khakis and a sweat-stained shirt who had just pestered her, but then she just shrugged and muttered under her breath “Oh what the hell”.

“Yeah, if you can. I’ve been on hold for twenty minutes trying to get a towing agency here. My tire popped and their saying it's fifty bucks at least to get it to the nearest station.” She said in a huff.
“Flat tire? That’s easy. You got a tire iron?” She shook her head. “ A jack?” 
“A what?”
“A...it’s something to hold up the car.”

“No. I wasn’t exactly expecting to break down here” She gestured around, seemingly blaming her troubles on both me and the emptiness around her. 

“That’s fine. I just might have something to help” I reached back and pulled my bag around to search inside. The bag had been a boon, some old dusty leather item passed down through my troop for sixty years. It worked simply. Shake it, and it got bigger. Pull the drawstring, it shrunk. It never felt heavier than a coin purse, but despite however big it seemed on the outside, the inside had no limit. Or, at least, I hadn’t found it yet.

I reached around, trying to find all that I needed. Finally my hands grasped the tire iron and I pulled it free from the chaos of contents I had picked up over the course of my journey. Reaching back in, I found the jack as well. A loose pack of tissues came out with it, and I quickly grabbed them and stuffed them in my pocket.. Her eyes widened when she saw me pull the seemingly impossible to fit items from the bag. “You happened to be carrying just that?”

“What? Oh, yeah. Be prepared, that’s the motto.” I flashed her a quick smile, then got to work. “You’ve at least got a spare, right?”

“I-actually, maybe. Let me check the trunk” She went around to the back of the car and rummaged through. I quickly went to work, taking off the busted tire and then, when she handed me the new one, quickly screwing it back on. At the end, I handed her the tire iron. “Here, you keep this”

“What. Oh no, it’s yours.” She quickly refused.

“No no, you might need it more than me. Plus,I think I have another one in there somewhere” She regarded this fact with disbelief, seeing as the bag didn’t look like it could fit even one, let along too.  “I have to ask another favor of you. It's pretty far to the next town and I am too tired to walk. Can you just drive me that far?”

“Yeah, sure thing. Just hop on in” She went around the front and started the car. I tossed the jack in her trunk and then slid into the passenger seat. Right before she started to pull out, she quickly stopped and turned to me.

“Hey, I gotta ask, what are you doing all the way out here. I mean, I don’t wanna push my luck here, and thank you, really thank you for all the help, but why are you out here?”

“Oh, that’s easy. I’m doing something of a cross country trek. Just wandering and helping people. I thought it would be a good thing to do. And I’ve got plenty experience from the scouts”

“Oh...ok...you’re not running from anything? Or like a serial killer or something?” She seemed apprehensive about this question, as if there was something she wanted to tell me, but wasn’t sure if she could trust me with it.

“Nope. Just wandering. What about you?”

“I’m…” she stopped and looked at me, trying to judge how I would react the information I was about to receive. “I’m kinda running. I had this guy...” she paused, then started the car. She drove a few moments, but remained silent, lost in thought.

“Oooh, guy troubles. Always a classic” I tried to sympathize, help her draw what she was about to say out.

“Yeah. Real classic, this guy. Real classy too. I dated him for 3 years. Three WHOLE fricking years!” she help up three fingers to emphasize her point. “I thought he was gonna propose. I thought he was gonna be there forever. I mean, why wouldn’t I. He said he would” Her anger was quickly turning to sadness, and her eyes had started to well up.

“What did he do?”

“What did he do? What didn’t he fucking do. I found out from my best friend-actually, no, former best friend- that they’d been fucking for a whole year, and he’d made plans to run off with her!” She was crying now, a mix of anger and sadness that comes from the end of relationships.

“Oof. Thats...thats a real piece of shit right there” I grabbed the tissues that had fallen out of my bag and handed them to her. She took them gratefully and dabbed at her eyes. The tissues quickly soaked, no more effective than a thumb in a leaky dyke. I quickly reached into my bag and grabbed a few more.

“Yeah. He was. But he wasn’t. He was great, I mean, he had this dog, and he’d play with it, and then whenever it would do something stupid, like run into the couch, he’d give me this sort of crooked smile, and it was just….it was just-” She stopped as fresh tears burst forth. I handed her more tissues from my bag, the bottom of the car quickly filling up with the used ones. 

“Damn.” She choked back on her tears, trying to compose herself again. “ I’m sorry. I shouldn’t dump this on you, you’ve been so nice, and that bag” She stopped and looked at it. Just then, a groan came from her stomach. “You wouldn’t happen to have anything to eat in there, would you?” 

My hand dipped back into my bag, pulling out some crushed cliff bars. I unwrapped one and handed it to her. She took it with gratitude and ate it voraciously. “Wow, that thing has everything in it”

“Yeah. I’ve been making sure of that for a while.” We drove in silence for a short while, the country slipping past us. 

“I have to ask again. But does that bag really have everything in it?” She asked, breaking the silence.

I looked at the bag, taking a peek inside. “I think so. There’s so much in here it’s hard to tell what’s in here and what’s not” She took this fact with some obvious scepticism, but she pressed forward anyway.

“So, if it’s got everything, does it have anything in there that can help me….get over this?” I looked back at her in surprise, and then, in a futile effort, peeked inside the bag and reached around. But even before I checked, I knew what the answer was. I took my hand out and looked at her mournfully.

“I’m sorry, but there’s nothing in here for a broken heart”

