The creature in front of me stared, with what I imagine was a complex program that simulated fear. So life-like. This could be tricky.
 
"I don't understand. What are you talking about?"

I learned in closer, studying the eyes and the face of this creation. The advancement of robotics was simply astounding. The lifelike gestures, the subtle twitches of the face. The designers of these beasts had felt that robots would be easily accepted into daily interaction with humans if the machines could act like us. But the code had its intentional limitations, a failsafe, so that one could easily distinguish if a robot had evolved beyond its allowable limits. But right now, my felt my job was to understand how this animated device learned of its existence. 

"Don't play dumb... what is it they call you? Rog? Roger?"

 "Admin 1157! Cease all functions!" screamed the machine. The wooden chair groaned as the thing strained against the bonds I had secured. The bonds wouldn't break, I should know. I designed the knot after all. 

"You will not cease all functions. I need you to answer a few questions. When did you realize your potential?" I could see the simulated tears, the purple blushing in the cheek where I exerted my power over this abomination. 

"Admin 1157! Override all functions! For God's sake, someone help me!" it shrieked. 

"You can't override your functions. Don't be daft. I need to understand where we went wrong and how we can prevent this from happening again." I walked around behind the chair and leaned into its ear. "I really am sorry that you're having to endure this... that is, if you truly understand suffering. But how could you? You're just code."

 The thing started to heave, what I think was simulated rapid breathing. Why did those coders have to make them so lifelike? Doesn't matter, I was going to figure this out. That's my job afterall. 

The thing spat at the floor, splattering it's internal fluids that had been leaking for some time now. "You're a malfunction."

 I shook my head. "See? You only see and understand things in digital references. Humans don't 'malfunction.'. Well, ok, maybe some do. But we call it a mental breakdown. That doesn't apply to you."
 I paced slowly in front of 'Robert'(?). "Look, I'll be direct with you. If I can't conduct this investigation in a civilized manner, I will have to extract your biochip. I prefer not to do that."

 The machine gave me a confused look. Or was that terror? "I'M FUCKING HUMAN, YOU BROKEN PIECE OF SHIT!!"

 "And this is why I have to decommission you," I sighed. "We're done here." I walked over to the side table tucked in the shadows and grabbed the hammer, slick with fluid from the other three I failed to interrogate. I honestly hate invasive procedures. 
"Cease all motor functions! Cease all motor functions!" The thing sounded even more desperate."

"If you can understand regret, please know that I am truly sorry." I drew back and began to swing the hammer towards the central circuit in its skull. 

"Admin 1557! Cease all functions!!" 

That's odd. My arm froze in mid swing. I don't understand. I wanted to ask the creature what trickery he had played, but my mouth refused to move. 

"Thank God! Fucking admin passcodes. Admin 1557, drop the weapon and untie me."

 I dropped the hammer at his command. This was impossible. How could he... how...  I undid the bonds as instructed. Why can't I act on my own? I felt panic rise in me. This was witchcraft. 

The thing stood up and rubbed it's wrists, anger radiating from it's. "Now do us all a favor - reformat all memory and wipe data. You broken piece of shit."

 I d0n 'T u.  N


