Moments ago, the sky went from blue to grey in an instant.

Moments ago, all of my colleagues, friends, family... disappeared before my very eyes.

You cannot understand how maddening this is -- you cannot understand how *lost* I truly am -- how lost we truly are.

I am searching through my memory now, trying as hard as I can to think about how this could've happened.

It was a few months ago when it was decided we'd build the tower: every working man available was set to start it, and it was immediately obvious that this was a feat of engineering that had never before been seen, at least not where I'm from. Day by day, brick by brick, we turned dust into form, transforming the very ground around us into a complex the likes of which would strike awe into the heart of the greatest of kings.

By the end of the first month, the structure was three times as tall as any of the buildings we'd ever built before: its foundation was built upon a solid rock; it showed no signs of crumbling.

By the end of the second month, we could see the silent clouds hanging just overhead, soft as silk, and towering into the deep of the bright, blue sky.

Then by the end of the third month, the horizon bent and curved in the distance: the road ran long before us, and it was as though we could see every city in the wide world. It was then that I knew we were close.

That was a week ago, and we had been progressing as normal. The tower was strong, and the earth ached beneath its mighty weight. The quarries suffered and moaned at our project as we ripped shape from their bleeding walls.

Then today, we awoke in the tower (as it is too long a climb down to leave each night) to the sound of a roaring sky. The winds howled and moaned, and thunder like a grand voice cracked from the cloudless heights beneath our feet. 

Then suddenly, we weren't *we* anymore. We were others.

Now I stand before a thousand thousand strangers,

whose tongues I do not know

whose faces I cannot recognize

in a body which is not mine,

and all I want is to go home,

for Babel is the only land I know...