The rowdy crowd rabbled. They rabbled in a rowdier manner than any rowdy crowd had rabbled before.

“Order! Order within this hall!” shouted Mr. Hanner, the mayor of Stubbornsville. His voice reverberating around the rickety old hall.

The gathered crowd was a ragtag bunch. Mainly dressed in old potato bags, mud, and, in some cases, old potato bags made of mud. They were also difficult to control and were prone to mob fever. But the rowdiness was quickly put to bed when the doors to the hall burst open. 

A woman, atop of the tallest horse the villagers had ever seen, entered and slowly trotted towards the front of the hall stopping just short of  the stage. The lady unseated and descended from her high horse, slowly walking up the steps to the front of the stage.

“Greetings, peasants,” said the lady, lifting her arms aloft to greet the crown in a demeaning manner. “I come from the future and I’m here to tell you just how much better I am than you.”

The crowd didn’t react. They just looked on confused.

“Thought the whole future thing would have got a bigger reaction but let’s move on,” said the woman, pacing around the stage. “How can I be a superior person just like you, I hear you ask. Well, I have one word for you: Veganism,” said the woman, in an incredibly condescending and preachy tone.

“Are you the person who has been putting all those pictures of gross dead animals on the bulletin board?” asked one of the gathered peasants. “The pictures with the words on top and bottom.”

“Yes, that was I,” announced the lady, clearly proud of the fact. “I assume this has already converted hundreds of you to my way of thinking as it is a fool-proof strategy in the year 2017.”

"The pictures on the bulletin board worked on me," admitted Maureen, fourth row middle of the isle, wearing a muddy potato sack. “I could only stomach half of my dog after seeing one of the pictures."

The lady looked towards the Mayor, “Wait, why are your people eating dogs?”

“Why are you eating your dogs, Maureen?” asked the Mayor, looking to get to the bottom of this case.

“The dog was organic if that makes a difference,” said Maureen. 

“No,” said the lady. “No that does not make a difference.”

“Are cats OK to eat if your veganism?” another voice queried from the crowd. "I tend to eat cats."

“He really does eat a lot of cats,” added the Mayor.

"No. Why would cats be OK if dogs are not? Veganism is about not eating any meat at all thus making you a superior person," explained the woman.

"I don't understand," shouted a voice from the crowd.

"What part do you not understand?" asked the vegan lady.

The peasant woman in the crowd stood up, "I don't understand how not eating meat makes you a better person."

"Humans do not need to consume meat," explained the vegan lady. "And by not eating meat, animals get to live free from cages allowing people like me to feel smug and better than others."

"Can we eat animal if they are eating us?" asked the peasant lady who was still standing. "A bear stole my child. He knocked at door pretending to be kind neighbour. But it was all lie. A dirty bear lie."

"There's just no way that's true," said the woman on stage.
 
"I'm afraid it's true. It was easily a top 5 case of child being eaten by a cunning bear," said the Mayor, following up. "Some actually said top 3 but it was never agreed upon."

"Listen, we're getting off track here, the idea is to not eat any animals under any circumstance. That is what separates us vegans from those who are quite clearly below us."

"Are there any other ways we can feel superior to others while still eating meat?" asked the Mayor. "I just don't feel like veganism is going to work in this village."

The lady on stage began to pace, deep in thought. "The issue is, it's difficult to be smugger than being vegan but there is something else. By a show of hands, how many of you exercise?"

Around twenty hands went up in to the air. 

"So about a quarter of you exercise. That's good. Now, how many of you make sure you tell others about your exercising?"

Every hand fell back down.

"You see," said the lady, "how do you expect to feel better than others if you're not obnoxiously showing everyone how much better than them you are?"

"My name Boris. I feel better after run," said Boris, shouting from the back.

"Come on up, Boris," said the vegan lady, with Boris obliging. "When did you go on your run?"

"Today," replied Boris.

"And how many people are aware you went on your run?"

"Zero."

"Boris, what is the point of improving yourself if you aren't forcing it down the throats of people who aren't bothered? You’re missing a key element of being better than everyone else. Take this piece of paper and write 'Wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't get out and run every day. Attack the day!'"

Boris wrote the message.

"Now pin it to that wall over there."

Boris walked over to the wall in the hall next to the stage and pinned up the message.

"Everyone look at that message," shouted the lady.

Everyone turned to view the message.

"Now, Boris, how do you feel knowing all of these people now know you went on your run?"

Boris looked at the crowd viewing his message, "It makes me feel above them."

"That's it!" shouted the lady, "This is what I'm telling you. It's not the exercise, the unwillingness to eat meat, or the genuine efforts to improve yourself that's important; it's letting other people know you’re better than them that is the key."

"I get it!" shouted a familiar voice from the crowd. "So all I have to do is let other people know I have eaten their dog."

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.