“You’re the guy.”

“Oh God,” Eve muttered, rolling her eyes at the woman working the register.

“Who, me?” Saul asked.

“Yeah, you,” the clerk said excitedly. “I recognize your voice. You’re Saul Speaks.”

“Saul Worthington actually.”

“I watch your vids every day.”

“Can I just have my latte?” Eve said.

“Don’t mind her,” Saul said. Leaning forward, he lowered his voice conspiratorially. “Caffeine headache.”

“I totally understand,” the clerk said, pushing the cups forward. “Listen, could I ask you something?”

“I’m his sister, not his date. So feel free to throw yourself at him,” Eve said, reaching for her cup. “I’ll be over there,” she added to Saul, pointing at a table in the corner. “Unless she’s on her break and drags you into the bathroom for a quickie.”

Saul frowned at her.

“Do you, I mean, I am coming up—” the clerk said eagerly.

“No, just the coffee,” Saul said, lifting his card as a subtle signal. “I’m glad you like the vids. They’re a lot of fun to do and I love meeting fans. But right now I’m kind of just trying to have some time with my sister.”

“That’s right, you said she was coming into town. I thought she looked familiar. Oh, and you’re waiting for your new coffee maker to be delivered.”

“Jet lag and no fix makes her grumpy. She really is a nice person.”

“Oh totally,” the clerk gushed. “I believe that. I almost feel like I know her. You talk about her so much.”

“Well, answering questions is fun and all, but sometimes I’ve just got to speak from the heart, you know?” he said as he swiped the card through the machine on the counter.

“Could you answer just *one* question for me?”

“A quick one,” he said with a smile.

“Do you really think automation is going to take over?”

When he chuckled, she smiled. “That’s not a quick answer, but the short version is yes.”

“Guess I need to start saving up for a robot then, huh?”

“Might be a safe bet,” he said, taking the receipt she proffered and picking up his coffee. “I’m glad you like the vids.”

“Don’t stop,” she said. “They’re fantastic.”

“I’ll keep making them as long as you guys keep watching.”

Saul gave her another smile, then turned to head for the table Eve had claimed. She eyed him over the lid of her cup as he sat down.

“Do you have to be so mean to them?” he asked mildly.

“I came to visit *you* Saul. And right now, the only way we’re going to have that happen is if I kidnap you to … shit—” she said, breaking off as several chairs scraped back dramatically nearby. Loudly. Brother and sister looked around to see several men at other tables had stood up at the same time.

Both frowned at them. They all immediately looked away, acting like they were embarrassed. Saul looked back to her. “Eve—”

“My point is, why do I need to come up with, I don’t know, a fully stocked survival bunker or something just to get some quality time with my little brother?” she said, putting her coffee down.

“We could go back to my apartment and stay in,” he pointed out. “There’s delivery for just about everything we need.”

“Hah!” she snorted. “The Chinese delivery guy yesterday wouldn’t stop gushing about you and how your videos on small business had changed his life. And you can’t go more than half an hour without getting online.”

“You always said I’d make something of myself.”

“That was mom, not me,” she said primly. “And in any event, I think she meant something useful. Important.”

“That’s rich,” Saul said, though he was grinning, “coming from the girl who flew in on a first class ticket *I* paid for. You know this is how I earn my living.”

“Yeah, sure, you make money doing it. But is this really worth it? Not being able to go out and live life?”

“I live. And they’re just fans. I seem to remember a crush on a certain actor you had when we were in junior high … what was his name …”

“This is about you, not me,” Eve said hastily.

“I’m talking about me. It’s just that you’re a good illustration of my point. People like to live large through someone they connect with.”

“Do you have to connect with everyone?”

“I just say what’s on my mind,” Saul pointed out. “How is it my fault if a lot of people want to hear it?”

“Most vloggers just stammer through stories about being cut off in traffic, failing their test, games they like. You uploaded a twenty minute video yesterday about the state of renewable energy and how critical it is to the world economy.”

“Twenty-three minutes actually—”

“Not my point!” she interrupted tiredly. “I want my brother back Saul.”

“That video got three million hits in less than twelve hours Eve.”

“Excuse me, Saul Speaks?” a new voice asked hesitantly.

“Fuck,” Eve said, lifting her coffee and taking a large gulp.

“Just Saul,” Saul said, looking up at the man who’d come over to the table.

“I was wondering, I mean, I hate to bother you, but—”

“Just spit it out and leave,” Eve said.

The man glanced at her, and his eyes widened a little. “Oh, hey Eve. How was the flight?”

“Jesus—”

“She’s jetlagged and still on her first cup,” Saul said quickly. “What can I do for you? But it’s gotta be quick. You know I’m trying to spend some time with my sister this weekend.”

“Oh, sure. I remember,” the man said, looking back to Saul. “I was just wondering, are you planning to revisit your series about overfishing the oceans?”

“Check my website,” Saul said with a smile. “You know how it works; everyone can log in and cast a vote for things they want to hear about from me. Whatever bubbles up to the top is what I’ll be working on.”

“It’s just, it’s really important,” the man said quickly. “My father’s being run out of business by a lot of these big companies that keep killing off the fisheries and coastal schools.”

“Well, I’ll keep it in mind. I’ve only got so much time you know.”

“I know. Sorry to interrupt, I just, I had to say something. For my dad, you know?”

“I know. Thanks for watching. Take care.”

“Bye.”

Eve tracked the man with her eyes for a moment before returning them to Saul. “And another thing. Stop putting pictures of me up, anywhere. If you want to be hounded twenty-four seven, fine. Leave me out of it.”

“I get questions,” Saul shrugged. “And answer them. When they heard I had family, people started asking.”

“No pictures Saul,” she said firmly. “You want to be a celebrity, fine. Leave me out of it, or I’ll start telling stories too.”

“What stories?”

“I have a whole host of them that you never cover in your videos.”

“I talk about everything?”

“Everything?” she asked, arching an eyebrow at him.

“Pretty much.”

“9-year-old birthday party—”

“Okay!” he said quickly. “No more pictures.”

“And take the ones already up down.”

“I’m not pulling the videos. And no more pictures in the new ones. But I’ll do the website this afternoon if it’s this important to you. ”

“It is.”

“Fine,” she said. Then she sighed. “Look, I’m sorry and all. It’s just, a lot to process, you know?”

“I know.”

“Is this really what you want to do with your life?” she asked, leaning forward and lowering her voice. “Spending all your time either meeting or talking to fans, or researching your opinions for the next video?”

“I’m as surprised as you Eve, but who am I to complain? Saul Speaks just started taking off. You know how miserable I was working in that dead end office.”

“There are other offices.”

“And now I have one of my own.”

“The extra bedroom doesn’t count.”

“Why not?” he said, chuckling. “It’s got a desk and everything.”

“It’s just different.”

“Look, the President goes to some of his meetings in his bathrobe.”

“Since when?”

“He lives in his office too. And it’s happened. There was that thing that happened at three in the morning—”

“He’s the President,” Eve said. “You’re just a vlogger.”

Saul shrugged. “And my videos consistently get more eyeballs on them than his press conferences.”

“Keep believing your own press and maybe I will start a channel of my own.”

“Thought you didn’t want to be famous.”

“I want you to keep your eyes open is all. And your ego in check.”

“You’re the one who seems upset. I’m fine.”

“Excuse me, Saul?” a new voice said.

Eve stood up. “Give me your keys. I’m going back to the apartment.”

“Just wait, I’ll walk back with you,” he said quickly.

“Forget it. You’re important now,” she huffed, wagging her fingers at him expectantly.

“Oh, hey Eve. Enjoying your visit so far?” the woman who’d interrupted their conversation asked with a smile.

“She’s jet lagged,” Saul said, handing his sister his keys. “Don’t mind her. One question, then I’ve got to get going.”

“Sure, I was wondering what you thought about—”

Eve was already headed for the door. She paused before she left though, and met his eyes with a sad look. Then she went through and out into the street.


* * * * *

I collect all my flash fic [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/DavesWorld/).  If you liked this, the others might be interesting too.  Enjoy!