The loudspeakers in the city square blared. I stared blankly at the heavily modded-car to the left of me. I began drumming my fingers on the dashboard. "Attention citizens, from now on we will enforce the speed of light." I snorted. The speed of light? How are they going to do that? These cars are impossible to break. The person in front of me moved, I slammed my gear into position, but I was too slow. The car to the left of me dashed into the opening. I cursed and took up his space, slower than normal because of the smallness of the opening. Suddenly my car shook and a large blast soon came following. "Fuck," I said as I swerved onto the iron road, I slammed my foot on the ejection button and put on my belt. The Morilium beneath erupted and shot me up into the sky. 

EDIT: (I added more to the story)
I woke up to a starry night sky. That's weird, it was just day. Then the realization hit me. I must have hurt myself as I fell from my ejection seat. I slowly got up and searched my pockets. "Or on the other hand, this could all be because of the disease," I thought. That's weird, I swear I just had them in here. Suddenly, I felt a sharp pain in my neck, I reached out to grab it and I felt cold, icy steel. I followed it and it lead to a wooden hilt. Wood. Then everything went black again. 
I woke up once again. But this time there was no starry sky, there was just cold, icy steel. Ice. Why did everything feel so cold? I tried moving my hands. I couldn't feel anything. There was a vaguely familiar scent wafting through the sharp air. It smelled like a marriage between a whole can of Febreeze and a whole metric ton of urine. There was also a faint stench of... something. I tried getting up but I couldn't. I tried moving my neck, but I couldn't. I tried moving my eyes, but I couldn't. But then I remembered. Just as I remembered a bluman walked in. His eyes emotionless, and blue. His skin expressionless and blue. His hair perfectly combed to the side, and blue. He stopped right next to me and stared at me. Suddenly a sharp pain went through my hands. It slithered up like a snake. And a hungry one at that. It went through my body eating up any self-respect, self-confidence, or anti-bluman thought I had, would have, or had had. The bluman grabbed me by my hair. The feeling was all too real this time. 

"Tell where were at time of accident," he said in simple English. He did something with his eyes, and my mental chains were free. I gasped for breath even though I wasn't deprived of air. The bluman pulled out a dagger. It was finely shaped steel. It had a blue cold aura to it. Just being near it made me want to both die and throw up at the same time. He licked the blade, as was custom amongst them. He then began running it down my naked back. "That's why it was so cold," I thought as I registered what was happening. 

"Tell what you saw." He said.

"It wasn't an acciden-" I was cut short as he stabbed the dagger into my thigh.

"Was accident. Next time will be yours head."

"I was next to him when he was assa-, err, killed in a car-crash."

"Good. You only give eye and tongue now."

"What? I gasped," suddenly unaware of the dagger in my thighs, and four guns pointed at my genitals. "No- you can't. I-I-I can explain. My dad's a trueborn." That got his attention, he jerked his head to me and I could see pity in his eyes. But that pity soon hardened into hatred, and he said, "Stupid slut mother. Dirtying trueborn blood. I will kill you and you mom by myself. You will die bad death."

He opened a drawer labeled experimental, and he pulled out a syringe. "Morillum Didorillium. Will die bad death." He grabbed my sweaty hands, and he plunged the syringe like he plunged the knife into my thigh. I gasped and then I plunged headfirst into a world that knew nothing other than pain. 

"So this is what death feels like?" I thought to myself. I had been here for a long time. It wasn't that bad, once you got used to the pain...
