I was too busy singing and didn’t notice her walk in- I only heard her voice when it told me, “you fucked up,”

“What?” I asked, she was standing in the furthest corner of the room, formerly obscured by my leaning down whilst I was decorating a birthday cake. I looked down to examine my handiwork; I botched the icing when she startled me.

“Who are you-… what did I fuck up?”

“The words,” she said. “The song goes ‘Are you a lucky little lady in the City of Light,’ not ‘You are lucky to stay in the City of Light,’. You sang it pretty confidently, but yeah, those aren’t the words”. 

I would be lying if I said I wasn’t irked by her audacity to call me out on so confidently singing the wrong lyrics, on top of the intrusion.

Her nonchalance was only the second or so spookiest thing about her, after her emaciated, implausibly  pale skin or her looming demeanor. The room felt noticeably chillier after she had arrived. 

Swiftly motioning to the door, she told me to “wrap it up amigo, it’s time to go.”

“Go where?” I asked, the icing pipette still in hand.

“Hell. Let’s roll.”

“Oh…” I glanced at the clock. It was almost 3:30, and I was going to be late.

Looking at the cake below me, I told her she “would probably be surprised by my willingness to follow you, but this cake? Yeah, it’s for my mother-in-law’s garden party and trust me when I say Hell honestly sounds more appealing, but after 7 years of being her daughter in law, I don’t think even Hell can save me from her at this point.”

She looked at me and shrugged, rubbing the back of her neck, “Fair enough… when is it over?”

“What, the garden party? If I’m lucky… I can get out of there by 7?”

“Alright… I can come by around… 8, 8:30?”

“Yeah, that should work. I’ll leave the garage open, you can let yourself in-“

“Nah don’t worry about that I’ll just, uh, materialize back in,” she said, “you should lock your doors, I’ve noticed some strange cats hanging around your block lately.”

I must say, I wouldn’t have normally believed her, except just last week my down-the-block neighbor had been burglarized; her credibility checked out within reason. 

“What… ah, what are the words?” I asked.

“To what?”, she cocked her head.

“The song, you know, the one I fucked up earlier.”

“Oh! Ah… hold on,” she waved her finger, turning the vinyl record back without even moving across the room. The music blared on as it had before she arrived.

“WEEEEELLLL are you a lucky little lady in the city of light!?” she screeched, bursting into an air guitar solo that I must say was awesome as hell. I couldn’t help but tap my toes, “OOOR just another lost angel, city of night,” she crooned.

She sang pretty well. I started swaying, so did she. “City of night, city of night, city of night,” the record played on. Suddenly dancing around the room together, she grabbed the icing pipette out of my hand and used it as a microphone— my turn for air guitar. 