Day 1:

Our Rebellion outpost has been destroyed. All that I have known as my life, is gone. The Others burned our books and our homes. They attacked our elders and are now hunting down those that managed to escape. I barely made it out of there in time. My parents and sisters are being taken to renaming camps. I don't have much time to get to them before they are forced to be like everyone else. I have seen what renaming camps do to your loved ones. It changes them, makes them like strangers. Teaches them to be followers and not leaders. They learn what the Others have learned before them. It changes their feelings and ideas. Their original memories are erased. Their opinions become all the same.They no longer can think for themselves.

 We were taught by the elders that people that can't think for themselves are weak.

I have made camp for the night. Following the Others hasn't been difficult. They do not know I am coming. They are too wrapped up in their past  learning to pay attention to the present. They will never see me approach. They will not have time to react when I attack. Their only defense is the hive mentality. Hives don't work well when separated from each other. I will take them out one at a time. It should not take long.

Being different makes me stronger and faster. Where they learn by birth, I learn by practice. I learn their skills and my own. I can both use daggers and swords. I am proficient in both hand to hand combat and tracking. I am literate and able to speak several different languages. Learning on my own has made me avoid the pitfalls of learning only one way, as the others have done. They don't even realize that they are limited.  

That is fine with me. I will not lose my family to them. Their weakness is my gain. They can not control our world forever and when they slip up in their learning the Rebellion will be there. I will be there. By the time I am finished with them they will learn something they have never seen before. They will learn fear....and I will revel in it.

I must rest now, for tomorrow I will wash my hands with the blood of the Others and reclaim my family for I am not one of them. I am the Alpha. I am the Omega. I am different. My name is Unspoken. 

Edit:forgot a word
