I was listening to the soothing sound of tomato sauce simmering to a boil in the other room when the doorbell sounded, faintly, as if from two houses down.

"Coming!" I shouted. The bell hadn't been doing it's best lately, and for all I knew it could have been ringing for some time.

Through the curtained glass of the front door I could see the outlines of two large figures leaning casually against the walls on either side of the entrance. I turned the lock and opened the door slightly, keeping the bolt fastened in place.

"What is it?" I said. The two policemen straightened quickly, lowering their gazes and bringing their hands down by their sides, their faces suddenly somber. 

The policeman to my left coughed. "Mrs. Hudson?" he asked. 

"Yes," I said. "That's me."

"Ma'am, we have some unfortunate news. It's about your husband."

I sighed loudly, perhaps too loudly. I didn't want to sound nervous. "Another overdue parking ticket?"

"I'm afraid not, ma'am." He shifted his weight onto his right leg and stared at the space above the bridge of my nose. "Your husband has passed on."

My breath caught in my throat. "That's impossible," I said. 

The policeman glanced at my eyes and looked away again. "He was killed in a car crash in the Denvale Tunnel this morning. It was a freak accident, unavoidable. He was pronounced dead-"

I interrupted him. "That's impossible," I said again. "He's in the kitchen making dinner!"

The policemen looked at each other, then at me. "Alright, ma'am," the one on the right said, soothingly. "Alright. Let's calm down."

"I am calm," I said. "What is this, some sort of sick joke?"

"No, ma'am," he said. "Unfortunately your husband has without a doubt been part of a fatal crash this morning. We would like you to come down to the police station to formally identify the body."

"He's in the kitchen, I swear! Harold! Come to the front for a moment!" 

There was no response from the kitchen save the bubbling of the sauce on the stovetop. "Wait here a minute," I told the two men. I locked the door again and ran across the carpet to the kitchen door. The kitchen was empty.

I walked back to the front door and gave a refreshing laugh. "I guess he wasn't home after all! I must have forgotten!"

The policemen slapped their hands against their knees and roared. "What a knee-slapper!" the first one managed to exclaim between guffaws. "I'll have to tell that one to the boys downtown!"

"Whoopsie-daisy!" I shouted, doubled over and convulsing with laughter. 

The second policeman gasped for air. "Oh man, I haven't heard a goof like that in ages!" He wiped at his eyes with the sleeve of his uniform. "That sure did me some good."

"Well, what'dya say we head down to the station now?" I asked when we had all recovered.

"Right-o!" they said together, and we made our way down the steps towards the waiting car.