######[](/dropcap)
When I first realized I was having the same enjoyable dream frequently, I thought it was my subconscious crying out for more adventure in life. Leaping from rooftop to rooftop feeling the wind rush through my hair and hearing the roaring in my ears as I jumped a hundred yards at a time. It became expected, that I would go to sleep and enjoy the feeling of flying. I even began to feel the effects during the day, a pulling to curl up into a ball and nap my way into the skies. 

Eventually, leaping wasn't enough and I decided to actually try and fly. It was in that moment, a couple thousand feet in the air staring at my home town in perfect order as it would be on an aerial map, that I realized what was happening. I had actually been lucid dreaming the entire time. Not coincidence or just a recurring theme, I found that if I thought about things before I went to sleep a deeper part of me would help me make them real in dreamworld. Flying was just the beginning, I could rip telephone poles out of the ground with my mind, use them like match sticks to build giant forts. I traveled to the great barrier reef and whooshed through the water faster than any submarine, danced with the dolphins and even talked to them! Who would have thought they were such brilliant conversationalists?

I asked a co-worker out on a date and she said that even though she liked me, it didn't seem like a good idea. I knew what she really meant, that I was too unattractive for a girl as pretty as her. Well, that's what she said in the real world, at night she sang a different tune. In fact she would sing any tune that I asked her to, and in a much more melodic and sonorous voice than she could have in the drab world. I don't think she ever understands the smiles I sometimes give her. If she only knew how wild she was capable of being!

One night I got drunk with some friends and my oldest and truest friend went up on the roof with me to smoke a joint. I turned to him after taking a big hit and said " This area of the city has the best roof tops, you can get a complete view of the city by going to just three of them." 

"Dude, you are drunk. We're not going to two other rooftops just for some skylines, I don't have enough weed for that."

"Oh, haha right. Of course not." I said nervously

You ever look back on what a dumpster fire your life has become and really think about the events that lead you there? Sometimes if you have a clear memory and really see the order of events you can trace it all back to one moment. One single conversation or action that was the first domino that eventually knocked everything down. My bestfriend was my domino.

"Wait...have you been going to roof tops and checking the views or something?" Neal asked

"What? No way, I wish I had that kind of free time to just do this more often. You think the guys are going to head home soon? Maybe we should cash that and head back in for one more game of pool."

"Oh my god you have haven't you! You even tried to change the subject after denying it!" Neal said excitedly

"Neal, dude you're tripping right now what's the deal?" I asked

"Seriously, that's what you're going to go with, *with me*? I know you better than you know yourself nerd so you might as well spit it out so we can have a laugh about it. You know i'll never let this go." Neal said completely engaged in this now.

I knew he was telling the truth. Neal loves gossip and secrets, once he gets a whiff of anything that might be considered "privileged information" he was relentless. So I told him, of course. And he didn't believe me, of course. 

So...I showed him. Man, was that ever a mistake...

>>> Thanks for reading guys if you liked where this is going I might write more later when i have time. If you want to read some cooler stuff I've written check out my [sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/LurkerAscended/) and maybe try my serial Son of Stingers 