

... The blackness began fading once more and I awoke at the gates of heaven. I needed no further proof to know I was dead, funny as it seemed to me at that moment. It was nothing like the last time - no hospital lights, and no nurses in white clothes; no IV-drips, and no blood transfusions. Just white, endless light, and the gate. Just like in all the paintings found in churches, where little old ladies would go, to seek comfort after their loved ones had died, or maybe it was to convince themselves they would indeed find a place like this after their lives ended as well. And wasn't it ironic? Of all people, I, a non-believer, had ended up in that one place I constantly rejected. It was almost fateful. But then again, I had never believed in that either.

I walked up to that gate, almost expecting to find an angel reading scrolls, accepting and rejecting new arrivals. Or was it meant to be St Peter? Well, whoever was meant to be there wasn't. There was no one. Just the gate. I wondered if I should just let myself in, when a voice rang out, all around me, without any apparent defined source, rather coming from everywhere at once.

"You shall not enter. Not yet," followed by silence. I looked around, expecting to see someone, or something, but I was still alone in this light. 

"What do I do then?" I asked the blank void, half smiling to myself at the absurdity of this interaction. 

"Before you enter, there is one more thing you must do" the voice continued. 

"Do I confess my sins? 'Cause I will be here for an eternity if I start," I retorted mockingly. 

"No, nothing of the sort," it answered, "all you must do is confront the one person who has hurt you the most in your life."

I wanted to laugh then. That was it? It seemed like a joke. The ticket to heaven finds itself in the same pain one has already gone through in their life, ladies and gentlemen! Maybe being dead wasn't so bad after all, I thought. What could the worst case scenario be, anyhow? You see the person, maybe speak your mind to them for one last time, and go on to enjoy heaven. Well, if there's much to enjoy there at all. But really, what is time, after you're dead? Whichever the outcome of this conversation, there will plenty of time in eternity to think upon the pain from the past. It didn't feel very real.

"So, where's the catch?" I asked the presence who had remained silent since the previous comment.

"There is none," was the only response. 

So that's really it, I thought. A few moments forward and someone would appear before me, and I'd enter heaven. Just like that. I only wondered then who this person would be. Maybe that ex-girlfriend, who had drained the life out of me, made me hate my mere existence, and had used me as her own, personal slave, only to move on when I most needed her. Or maybe my family, who had rejected me when things started going wrong. Even all those so-called friends I once had, who fuelled my own self-hatred and encouraged all the terrible shit I did, convincing me I would not get anything proper done with life anyway. Or perhaps it was the doctor who has announced the death of my closest friend, with a simple, cold "we had other priorities at the time", all those years back. Just thinking about it all made me shiver once again. So many people had come and gone throughout my life, and left such a wide spectrum of bitter tastes behind. But perhaps I was also a bitter taste in someone else's life. Because in the end, what is life, other than various manifestations of pain, and ultimately death? Whoever this person would be, they would be a metaphorical incarnation of life, I thought. And I had already faced life once. What was another time?

"I am ready," I said at last, "Hit me with your worst."

With those words, the gates opened slightly, and a figure walked out. As it approached, I began to make out the features of their face, for a long time not understanding what I was really looking at. And then it really did hit me. It was I.

***

So, there I was. And there I was again. Like two sides of an unsynchronised mirror. Alike yet not quite the same - there was just something off about this rendition of myself. Something wasn't quite right. Maybe it was better this way. 

"So, it's you," I said.

"No, it's you," I replied. This made me laugh.

"I have to say, I'm disappointed," I continued.

"I know."

"Of course you know. I am you." Silence followed this, but not for long. Soon I resumed.

"Why you? Why *me*?"

"I can't believe you're asking this," I scowled.

"What? I treated you nicely through all these years.."

"Really, now?" I said, "Say that to your fucking liver." I looked at me disapprovingly, then added, "AND your lungs."

"Eh, you survived that."

"Years of drug abuse. YEARS."

"Yeah, so? It's not like you came up with any better solutions."

"Neither did you."

"Oh, look who's being funny now." I said. 

"I doubt you found it so funny every time I had to pull you out of it all."

"And we did it. On the most part, anyway. We survived that shit."

"Right."

"At least I never hurt you."

"YOU TRIED TO PUT A FUCKING BULLET IN MY HEAD."

"That was just one time."

"Really?" I said, lifting my clothes partially, to reveal my scarred and otherwise destroyed body, "the fuck is this then? The fuck is all this shit I've had to endure?"

"Alright, it was more than once. But look, what does it matter? We're dead now anyway."

"We didn't have to be."

"How many times can a person be brought back to life and still have the nerve to refuse death?"

"Never too many."

"God, I wish you weren't that snarky all the time."

"Maybe I wish *you* weren't that."

"Maybe there's a good reason I have to face you here after all."

"Maybe there is," with that silence fell between us once more. I stared at everything I had been throughout my life, as though it was the first time. It was all so strange all of a sudden, so unknown. 

***

Absorbed in my own image, I didn't even notice how the scenery around changed from white light to an endless, grey plain. 
"What the.. Are we already in heaven?" I asked then.

"No," I replied, "We're in the barren wasteland of purgatory."

"Was this not enough?"

"Apparently not."

"So now what?"

"Fuck if I know," I said, "but if anything, we finally have all the time in the world..." 

***
