Tired eyes scanned the horizon, fruitlessly searching for any hint of a cloud. Anything, even a single wisp would be a welcome sight, but that blue sky had never looked so empty as it did now.

Victor Portshire had done everything he could, asked everyone he knew. His neighbors had little more than he did, and the town council was too busy trying to point fingers at each other in their bid to become the new mayor than to actually find a solution to the three month drought.

As he surveyed his land, his own yellowed corn stalks seeming to stand as a mockery to his efforts at cultivating life, his eyes drifted over the mural his son had painted on the side of the house.

Nothing too serious or elegant. It was a comical depiction of the sun, a storm cloud, and the earth engaging in a three way handshake, with a small green sprout growing in the middle of it all. The paint had faded, and was peeling in various places, made worse by the excessive heat, but if you asked Victor, it was still the most beautiful damn thing that his son had ever made.

A thought crossed Victor's mind. A last ditch effort before he gave up and away to....somewhere else. 

He hadn't put too much thought as to what was behind the forces of nature. He wasn't  sure if he believed in gods, but it didn't seem like a bad time to start. He began to run through what he knew about gods.

He remembered that gods enjoy being prayed to, so Victor got down on his knees started the first prayer of his life, when another thought hit him. Who ever answered the "phone" was probably not going to be very impressed by a random guy on a hilltop. He needed something  official looking. A shrine, or a temple, or whatever you call it.

Luckily Victor had plenty of firewood left over from wintertime, and he took an axe to the old, withered tree just outside the house (he had needed to do that for weeks now, anyways) and set about making the best home for a god that he knew how.

He threw himself into the work, glad to be doing something productive instead of sitting around, watching his farm wither and die before his eyes. The work got easier as the hours grew later, the oppressive heat of the day giving way to the evening's cool embrace.

Finally, as the last of the sun's rays were disappearing under the horizon, Victor stepped back to look at his work. It admittedly wasn't much to look at, but it was his best effort, and that was all that mattered. At least, that's what he was hoping. 

His temple, which looked more like a wooden shack, had no door, and was only decorated with a rug he had pulled out of the attic of the house.

Once he was satisfied,  Victor stepped inside, knelt on the rug, and.....did his best to start a conversation. 

"Hello, um, sir? Ma'am?.....um.....My name's Victor Portshire....Uh...I could really use some help- *We* could really use some help. We haven't seen a single drop of rain in months, the Coopers are almost through their food storage, James is down to his last chicken, and I-"

"Excuse me."

Victor started and turned around. Another man stood in the doorway, dressed simply in a shirt and jeans. He looked around the interior of the shack, then outside, pausing for a while on the acres of dead produce, before turning back to Victor. "I didn't mean to interrupt," the stranger said apologeticly, but Victor, never one to turn away guests, quickly stood up and walked over to shake hands. "No, no, you're fine. I was just.....trying something new" Victor said with a strained smile.

The man nodded in understanding and gestured outside. "How long has this been going on for?" Victor shook his head. "Three months now. Not a single drop."

"That bad?"

"Yeah. Most of the neighborhood is talking about moving to greener pastures. Anything to escape the heat." Victor sighed, then forced a smile. "But I shouldn't be dumping my troubles on passers-by. Where are you from?" The visitor shrugged. "Around, I guess," he said "I don't have any one place to call home. How are you holding up?"

Victor waved it away, but the stranger insisted. "Please, I'd like to know if there's anything I can do to help."

Victor started to reassure him again, when he suddenly felt a knot in his gut loosen up, and he found himself leaning on the stranger's shoulder for support as he burst into tears, sobbing as he told the stranger that, yes, they were having troubles.

Victor told him about Isaac and how he could see him getting thinner and thinner as his best friend sacrificed his dinner just so his little girl wouldn't go to bed hungry. How Marilyn Robinson had broken four shovels so far by trying to  find a good place to dig a well. How Victor had to send his wife away to live with their son so she wouldn't see just how bad it really was.

The stranger stood there through it all, patiently listening as Victor poured his troubled soul out to him. When Victor's tears finally slowed, the stranger patted him on the back.

"I'll see what I can do to help. Don't worry."

With that, he vanished, leaving nothing behind but wisps of a strange purple mist that blew away on the wind.

__________________________________________


Armatton watched as Victor walked back to his home in a daze. He hadn't meant to push him as hard as he did, but it worked out in the end. Collecting the energy that was released from Victor's outburst, as a fire releases smoke, Armatton ascended to the skies, to find the Harbinger of the Storms.

The Father of the Lands was already there when Armatton arrived.