It been few hundred century since human where force out of Earth but alien in order to conserve such a " Rare anomaly".


Human where evicted quite easily due to numerous threats form aliens. Especially the environmentalist nut jobs who wiped out half the population with there bio-terrorism most governments died of and the survivors broken and lost where forced to leave to other temporary planets promise to be compensated by the galactic government. Yet after so many century nothing came.


At this point human had become destitute race not worth compensate they where a know as a savage, versatile race capable of survive in almost all biome natural. So many year of galactic  wander and suffering had made the a race to be feared even hunted for sport by some. Mainly they worked as wandering mercenary never really having the number to take and hold a planet against the government.The years had not be kind the them as the where scattered throughout the galaxy. 


What came next no one saw coming. Somewhere along the way a human shop had come in contact with AI race. Combat was short a few warning shot fire  but for some reason either wanted to destroy the other but instead a cease fire was taken. The AI was close to be completely extinction and wanted to pass on where  completely technology and history before they where gone hoping that humans would carry on in there stead as the galactic government had already perfected method to kill them as well as sensors to detect them .Human choose a unexpected path they integrate  them into there body to hide and human be as they are integrated perfectly with them. Then pretend as if nothing had happen buy time . As they spread it to other under the rues of a infection.


It was only a few decades later that it had truly begun the most versatile race combined with an ancient AI. They where merely binning there time spread the infection they had fooled. We  thought it would finally end the vile race . Never did we expect that infection was a lie they even pretending to be weaker and make it easier to kill and them hunting which was rampant.They use it to start to horde together for safety and we let them . Who would have expected them to let us kill as few of them to fool  us. But soon uprising started the new hybrid where beyond anything  we had faced so calculating yet unrelenting, savage but sophisticated as if Doom itself had descend and  wore what human call a suit.


We fought that we did for a few decades not that it did any good they knew they had won they wanted to savor the moment like light falling into a black holes there was no escape. But the time we had surrender we had lost 70 % of out population. We had some turncoat did go over to there side. Well unlike what we had expected they demand where within reason where they rubbing in the fact that the war was completely unnecessary and we had driven ourselves to ruin. They let those willing join them or the other set to there  own comer .



(My first prompt don't have too much expectation please ).


Edit: was a sleep for a few hours attempt to fix the train reck that I made. 

Edit2: thankfully sat50 rewrote it in the comments it much better. 