It had been a busy day at school, and the best thing that I could think of, was to snuggle with Gem in my warm and cozy bed. 

I think I just drooled at that thought. 

Sighing in relief that I finally reached home, I inserted the key into the keyhole and turned, hearing a satisfying click signifying that the door had opened, I pushed it and made my way inside. 
The house felt as cold as ever, which meant that Mom was still out. 

Mom still hadnt come home, I frowned at that thought. Dropping my car keys as well as the house keys in the bowl, next to the landline I headed inside, straight to the kitchen. 

Opening that fridge, I couldn't find anything. I sighed in complete distress, I slammed the door shut cutting out the cool air.

I wanted to pull my hair out, it's been a horrible day so far, Mrs. Bubble - as weird as her name - gave us a ton of homework. The detention wasn't helping my mood.

Hearing a meow from behind me, an affectionate smile spread on my face, I turned and my beloved cat, Gem jumped into my outstretched arms, from the counter top. 

The white ball of fur was the only thing I had for a family, Mom wasnt home most of the time. She was either busy with her work or going around with her friends, getting drunk out of her mind. She said I reminded her too much about a certain someone, a someone who must not be named; My Dad.

It isn't my fucking fault he left us for that...that slut. 

Looking down at Gem's green eyes I smiled and carried her to the living room, and sat on the leather couch.
Leaning my back on the couch, I closed my eyes relaxing immediately and started simultaneously petting Gem. She purred as I scratched behind her ear. 

Hearing a loud slam coming from somewhere in the house, I sat up. Looking around nervously, I wondered if Mom was home. 

Feeling happy I was about to call out for her, when Gem perked up. Until now she was lying on my lap, not caring that a loud sound had just startled the hell out of me. 

As Gem was about to jump out of my lap, unconsciously I grabbed her tail to stop her.

God, she's going to rip my face apart for that, was what I thought before it happened. 


Her tail came off. 

And there was no blood, but instead.... There was some kind of a mechanical setup in there. 

What a horrible day, indeed.
