(Yeah so this one's a two parter already)  
"God, you are the worst", she giggles over a loud trap beat, before they both quickly down their drinks and head to the exit. "See, normally I wouldn't do such a thing, but someone recently told me I shouldn't take shit from anybody", he says, referring to her, verbatim. With a smile, she fakes a frown: "I doubt that included the esteemed member of our local law enforcement". "I don't know, because-" he shoots back as the crowd finally resides and they both spill out, through the door, unto the 3 am almost empty alley of some unidentifiable city centre, "let me tell you, this oracle of wisdom is not to be underestimated." "Oh really?", she says, the smile turning into a teasing grin, "what else can you tell me about her?" They both start walking down the alley, not in any particular direction, noticeably bright moonlight illuminating them clearly from above.

"Well she's smart,..." - "Uh-uh", "funny,..." - "Oh, very", "some few could call her witty,..." - "Clever few", "and she's just about the most beautiful girl I've ever seen". She stops him with a smile and another fake frown: "easy there cowboy, don't wanna to throw out your lasso too soon." His eyes widen. She sees it, there's a pause.  Then, they both start giggling like teenagers treating themselves to someone's liquor cabinet. "Cowboy? Lasso?!" he spurts out. "Well I don't know", she laughs and catches her breath. "You know what, never mind that bit about smarts and wit and all that", he spurts out between laughs. "Oh, aren't you the feminist", she responds. After regaining their composure, she looks at him again, still smiling, but with slightly more intensity: "No, but really, what do you make of this unknown heroine?"

He distances himself from her a bit and starts staring her up and down like a detective: "Well, I'm guessing she used to be almost unnoticeable - a quiet, shy girl who wouldn't talk to anyone." She laughs out loud, the enchanting sound bouncing of the brick walls left and right: "Yeah, sure, then what changed?" He changes his tone and stares at the ground: "I don't know, maybe someone started listening, you know, to what she wasn't saying." He looks up, and both stare into each others eyes as a few silent seconds tick by. Then, as raindrops begin to fall, she reaches in for a kiss.

They burst into the dark studio apartment, passionately kissing as if no time had passed since. The rain has picked up, as if the sound of thick droplets hitting the window are there to provide a soothing background noise for what's about to unfold. The couple makes their way through the room. Both a little tipsy, the task of trying to remove the guy's shirt proves quite the challenge. They start giggling and clumsily collapse unto the bed. This slight break motivates the guy to asks, in a tone implying this isn't the first time he's done so: "you're sure about this, right?" She kisses him. "More than anything in the world". He nods, and they continue as if nothing ever happened.

"Why?"

Both shoot up as a loud croaking third voice cuts through the quiet moans. In the corner of the room, in a chair pulled from the kitchen, sits an almost overly well-dressed young man, soaking wet.  
"Who are you?", the guy yells after regaining his breath, "G-g-get the hell out of here!" The third man folds his legs, and hit the lightswitch. Bright, white overhead lighting floods the room, the couple blinking profusely. The atmosphere changes immediately. Very little's sexy about this.

"Blake?", the girl stammers, peering through her eyelashes. "I don't get it Ellie, I really don't", he responds. "Wait, you know him?", asks the guy on the bed. "We... We had a thing... I think", she frowns, as if having trouble recalling. "A thing?!", yells Blake. "But we ended it, a while ago", she says, this time more assuredly, "after I met you Adam, but before we, you know, really got to know each other." "Right,", says Blake, clearly trying to keep his voice steady, "a while ago."  
He stands up, and frowns at her: "Tell me Ellie, does it feel like a while ago for you?"

"Well, it must be, it was... A year, at least. At least one year ago..", she says, her voicing fading. It didn't feel like that at all. Feels closer to an hour than it does a year. But then again, Ellie could distinctly remember little indications of seasons passing. That oughta count for something.