"They were idiots, Adrian!" Malcolm spat out the words. A tiny globule of sticky wetness landed on my left cheek. He snatched the manuscript from me and flung it to the ground. "Adrian," his voice calmed and his facial expression softened. He hung an arm around my shoulder as he led me away from the lab, "Flying deities wielding *hammers*, and half-spider creatures - you can't believe any of this? Tell me you don't!"

He didn't get it - didn't understand the power of the manuscripts we'd uncovered. "Malcolm," I said, stopping abruptly. He looked at me irritated; he knew he was losing control of the situation. "It *doesn't matter* if they were real," I said, patiently.

"I fail to see your point. "

"My point is, they *believed* they were real. They worshipped these things as if they were Gods. They *perceived them* to be Gods."

"I still don't..." he frowned.

"They had powers, because the worshippers *gave* them powers."

His head tilted slightly and he looked at me thoughtfully. "They were fools back then, before the Cataclysm. Savages. We know better now. We live equally. No person possesses more power, or possessions, than the next."

"Exactly! We're all equal. But imagine if, like in the manuscripts, some people were *more equal* than others... they'd be living Gods. Do you see? They wouldn't need work any more. Their lives would be..."

"Perfect," he said, slowly.

"Yes! Imagine the good they could do, the changes that they could make." 

"You mean us, don't you. That we... fool people? That we somehow become like these manuscript Gods. No one would believe that!"

"They will believe what they are told! Why wouldn't they? We always did. Do. Well, until we found these lies, that is. And perhaps if we could show them that we are capable of something no one else is..."

"Then, they'd believe us. Yes, okay. Perhaps. But, what would we do?"

"I... don't know," I said, faltering.

"You know," he said, scratching his chin thoughtfully, "there hasn't been a death in over 400 years."

"Death?" I said, repeating the word quietly in my mouth. "Death." 

He smiled broadly at me. At that moment our lab technician walked in, greeting us with a nod.

"Morning Sarah," Malcolm said softly. 

"Sarah..." I repeated, returning his smile and following the technician back to the lab. 

As we entered the room, I saw Victor Von Doom's metal face grinning up approvingly at me from the discarded manuscript on the floor.

---

It was two years later that Christian found the second manuscript. He had been cleaning up the lab, as he had done every night since the New Renaissance, just grateful to have a job. Lucky to even be...

He hadn't meant to find the manuscript. He didn't usually open that drawyer at all - he'd been told not to; today however, he'd been tired and careless and simply forgotten his instructions. He later decided it was serendipity. Slowly, he pulled open the heavy, metal drawer.

There was something alluring about the manuscript that met him. There was *something* about the muscular blue-and-red dressed man, with the giant "S" on his top. *Something good*.

He couldn't stop himself from taking the manuscript out of the drawer, or from reading each and every panel.

By the time he had read it three times fully, he knew what he had to do.


---

/r/nickofnight



              