"Next!"

A wrinkled, white-haired man cautiously steps forward. It's my secretary.

"Mr. Reaper, your next job has an odd peculiarity to it."

"I'm the True Reaper. What job doesn't have an odd peculiarity to it?"

"Sir, your next job is in Ukraine."

"Where the hell is Ukraine?"

"It's on Earth." At this point, he wrote down the coordinates of the person.

"So you expect me to go to Earth to find the collection of memories that should be standing before me right now?" This was insane. How could anybody be so foolish as to send the True Reaper to Earth? "Don't you know what happened the last time I was sent down there? The world got itself a new triangle in the North Atlantic!"

"Mr. Reaper, with all due respect, I believe you need to go to Earth this time."

"Can't we just skip this job until it presents itself here, at my desk?"

"Sir, you know nothing can progress here until you take care of it."

"Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you! This is going to end badly for Ukraine." I stood up, dwarfing my secretary, and stormed out the door. As I walked down the hallway, I contemplated how I was going to reap a person on Earth without destroying Ukraine in the process. This was going to be tough.

"Mr. Reaper, I hear you are visiting Earth today!" The elevator operator was surprisingly cheerful.

"Sadly."

"To where on Earth are you headed?" I gave him the coordinates my secretary had handed me earlier. "Eastern Europe is a rough place right now. Best be careful."

"I'm well aware of how careful I'll need to be." At this point, the elevator doors opened, and a massive concrete building towered over us. It had one massive pipe on top with some sort of smoke leaking out the top, and had many, many people running all around it, all yelling at each other to do something else. To one side, was thick forest, so dense you couldn't see more than a couple hundred feet in. To the other side was a collection of pipes and rods so gangly, it could only be called a death trap. A wheel with carriages, several cages with several more carriages inside each of them, as well as a train that appeared to be built for small children. Everything looked like it was going to crush somebody.

"Mr. Reaper, your job is just on the other side of this building. Be back soon."

"Why didn't we land right next to it?"

"We don't want the job to see this elevator, do we?"

"I guess not." I walked around the building, admiring its ability to contain whatever was producing that much smoke inside of it. I resolved to look through the building once I had done my job. 

Eventually, I came upon a middle-aged man living in the woods. I knew he was the job because he saw me. He lay down his ax on the tree stump and sighed. "I assume you're here for me to die."

"To die? No. I'm here to remove you from memory. I'm here so people will forget about you."

At this, the man perked up. "So you mean I can continue on living here, and nobody will remember I exist? Sign me up!"

"Living here? Aren't you already dead? Didn't my brother, the Grim Reaper, visit you already?"

"Nope. I did fake my death, though. I guess it worked, too, since you seem to think I've died!"

"Well, I have a job to do, but this will not continue on for long. I can guarantee you this: my brother will be coming for you soon."

"I see. Well, do what you must, but I plan on living here until my last dying day."

"We can see to that." At this point, I grabbed him by the neck. His eyes rolled into the back of his head, his legs jerked wildly, and his arms grabbed my shoulders. He was in no pain, but his body could feel itself being choked. After what probably felt like an eternity to him, I let him go. The reaping was done.

I turned and walked back to the large, concrete structure. I needed to see what was inside there. I followed a worker inside and found a maze of corridors, catwalks, and pipes that all seemed to be working together. I had to find what was making all the smoke, for that seemed to be the heart of the operation. That's when I saw it. At the center of the room, there was the bottom of the pipe coming out the top of the building. And there was a stairwell leading beneath it. I rushed down the stairs, only to find a large concrete box. I admired it, reached out to feel its heat, but it suddenly disappeared. That's when I knew I had gone too far. It was going to be what happened in the Atlantic all over again. I had gotten too close, and I had reaped the concrete box. In its place, a smoking pile of molten rock began to flow. I raced out of there, pondering exactly what I had unleashed upon the workers here.
When I got back to the elevator, I practically burst through the door. "We have to leave. Now!"

"Mr. Reaper, what happened this time?"

"Something happened inside the building. I think my mere presence caused something in there to cease to exist." At this point, the elevator began to rise back up to the sky. Looking down below, I could see all the workers frantically scrambling, yelling at each other. Just then, an explosion. The concrete building caught fire, and my brother was summoned with 31 jobs in Ukraine.