It is said that the gods play dice with the universe, moving their heroes and villains across the world-board and letting chance favor none.

I also found out that sometimes, they mix up the character sheets.

My name is Beginning Warrior, and I offered my prayers of thanks as the demon collapsed in a heap of it's own gore, my slightly bent sword protruding from one eye. Dwarf Warrior, the veteran of a dozen slaughters stood next to me, slowly beating a goblin to pulp with his legendary axe.

And then, I hear the words from on high.

"Dammit, you mixed up the miniatures again! Dwarf Warrior is the one that should have been fighting the demon, Beginning Warrior was supposed to take the goblin! No way a sidekick is going to defeat Greater Pit Fiend!"

I blinked.

My name is Beginning Warrior, and I offered my prayers of thanks as the goblin finally crumbled to the ground, my slightly bent sword dully clubbing it to a pulp. Dwarf Warrior, the veteran of a dozen slaughters stood next to me, his axe buried in the demon's eye amidst a puddle of it's own gore.

But I knew that I had...had...

Sidekick. Always to be the one in Dwarf Warrior's shadow, always the backup, never the hero, the plucky novice who would take a fatal blow for the one destined to fight the Demon Lor-

The moment of divine revelation passed, like sheets of paper properly shuffled into a three-ring binder until the next game. 

*I would not be the piece they thought me to be.*

"Aw, Valor- when did you respec Beginning Warrior?"

"I didn't resepc Beginning Warrior- how the Hades did he end up this good with a crossbow? Dwarf Warrior would never approve, he thinks missile weapons are for dishonorable trash. He hangs on everything Dwarf Warrior says. Ah well, here comes that moment of truth with the necromancer, we've been saving him for thi-"

And that's when I put the explosive bolt in I'd borrowed all the gold from Dwarf Warrior's purse for, squarely into his filthy robes and blew him to the four winds. He'd probably forgive me. If he knew it was me and not some pickpocket. The hand crossbow folds back and slides into the leg holster as Dwarf Warrior gapes at the crater where Shologar the Bone Lord once stood.

They call me Human Warrior now, I've lived long enough and killed hard enough to be Beginner no more. Dwarf Warrior just calls me "partner". The gods?

Valor pleases my god, so they better accept my one request to put the finger to fate. And if they don't listen, the *hell* with them!