I woke up as the sun reflected onto my face from the building across the street. As I blink the sleep from my eyes, Master comes into my room. He used to wake up before the sun, but not anymore.

I yawn, look up at Master’s face – older, harder than it used to be. I stand up and shake off the stiffness of night and, like always, wait by the door while Master covers himself. As he fastens my restraints, he rubs a hand along the side of my face, and tells me that I am a Good Girl. I like being a Good Girl.

We come home and sit together, I put my head in his lap, and he puts his hand on my side. Master’s companion joins us, and we all sit on the couch. I can feel Master’s heartbeat on my ribs, and the steady rhythm makes me tired.

“I guess I’ll make us some dinner.” I heard Master’s companion say. He’s a good Companion for Master. He cares for Master like Master cares for me.

“I’m not hungry.” Master replied. 

“You need to eat something. You’ve got to build up your strength.” 

After dinner, we sit together again, and this time I fall asleep. I wake up and darkness has begun to fill the outside. Master says that we can go Outside. Like he does each time, he rubs a hand along the side of my face, and tells me that I am a Good Girl. I like being a Good Girl. 

At the park, we see all of my friends. Master and his companion sit at a bench nearby as I play. We live in a city now, and I hear the howling cars all the time. This time was different though. This time the whining car came for my Master.

I look over for my Master and he is lying on the ground, with his Companion next to him holding his hand. People run from the howling car towards Master. I run to him, and I see something new in his wide eyes, as he draws short breaths, grasping for anyone who will hold on. For the first time I saw that Master was afraid. 

I nudge my head under his hand and lick his arm to let him know that I am there. He holds me firmly behind my head and I nuzzle his side. I feel fear in his grasp, and I feel his heartbeat again, but this time more faint. The people from the whining car come and take Master away. Confused and afraid, I stay close to Master’s Companion. We go home, but this time it is different. Master’s Companion puts me inside, and quickly turns to leave again.

The door slams shut, and the pressing silence means that I am alone now. I have never liked being alone.

It has been many years since we have come to this new home, and lots of things are different than they used to be. Our walks are slower. Our play is shorter. I thought that meant different was a bad thing. But our bond is stronger. So different must be a good thing. I’ll be different for my Master. I’ll walk slower. I’ll play shorter. Different will make me a Good Girl! I like being a Good Girl. 

A long time has passed now, the darkness has begun to lift from Outside. Master’s Companion finally comes home and we go Outside. 

“We have to go somewhere special today, Mallory.”

I did not understand, but I knew that Master’s Companion needed me now. As we walked through the city, I smelled for familiar things, but found none. We approached a building, and my Master’s Companion spoke with a woman.

“I know that dogs aren’t allowed in the hospital, but maybe we could bring him outside for a bit?”

As he approached, I smelled him. Only it wasn’t the warm smell I was used to, the smell that meant I was home. It was cold and harsh.

“There’s nothing we can do but ease the pain now.” Said the woman. “We will make him as comfortable as possible.”

I put my front paws onto his knees, and licked the tears from his face. He smiled, and lifted a weak hand, rubbed along the side of my face, and told me I was a Good Girl. I liked being a Good Girl.