It wasn't supposed to be like this. We were the conquerors of every planet we came across. Our military might has been on display many times, and our name is feared across every corner of the galaxy.

And then we came across a small water containing planet orbiting a yellow star. The locals called their planet Earth, and it was dominated by a four limbed bipedal species.

Initially it seemed like they were going to be easy, apart from small segments that were heavily armed the vast majority of occupants were civilians.

We should have paid more attention. There were pockets of unrest in places they called the Middle East and Africa, and tension in a place called North Korea. And there were tiny scatterings in the large cities, with the combatants called gangs.

But this did not worry us. We had met warrior tribes before, and always found that we could dispatch them. They had mastered flight, but we're still trapped on their home planet. How strong could they be if they can even get to the next star?

But we were wrong, so very wrong. Before we knew it their military was mobilised and they defeated us with ease. Their civilians had among them those that were willing and able to fight. They are easily the most vicious species we have come across.


But they were so strong we didn't even get that far against then. They were so strong and efficient even our most decorated generals fell with ease against their super developed projectile weapons, and we even occassional saw their metal behemoths. No where was safe. In the ground, in the air, in their vast supply of liquid water. 

It was a blood bath, and our planet conquering soldiers are now all gone.


It turns out the reason they are so strong is that they have spent the last 4000 years killing each other over the tiniest squabbles. This led to ever increasing complexity of their weapons. And ever increasing ability to communicate and command these forces  They were very good at killing each other. They even had shown willingness to use the power of the atom against their own kind.

There is only one way we can win. We have to infiltrate them from the inside. Hide in plain sight in their communities, and eventually their governments and military. It is a new way for us, but we will prevail...