It had been a difficult year after a truly terrible year, but now everything was looking up. I never thought I would be sitting in a lounge behind a stage waiting to go on to perform in front of thousands. The door in front of me had a star that said "Unintentional". I always thought it was funny that it was the name that people gave me. I sat there trying to relax and get comfortable before I went on stage. 

Somebody knocked on the door three times in quick succession, the signal that it was now time for me to go on. I stood up and rubbed my lucky four leaf clover as I walked toward the stage. I had no fear of shamus anymore, he couldn't do anything to me. I will admit that I had started to notice the leprechaun at my show, standing right up front staring at me while puffing on his pipe.

The applause was thunderous and always threatened to deafen me as I walked towards a microphone. The spotlight was on me and I had to wear special glasses so I could see while on stage. I winked at Shamus, he glared back. I raised the microphone to my lips and the crowd hushed, as they always did "Friends! I have a guest here that I wish you all to treat the best. His name is shamus and he's the reason why I'm now famous."

I pointed directly at shamus and the spotlight moved to him so everybody could see this man wearing clothes that had gone out of style six hundred years beforehand. "Now you guys know that I would never lie, but this little fuck almost caused me to die. You see he cursed me with something he called a gift, but I lost my job and started to drift" 

"I met him once in a field of clover, he thought I mocked his culture and attempted to make my life over. Because of him whenever I speak I have to rhyme, and now I'm here to accuse him of this crime. This may sound like a boon but it was more like doom, I Can only speak when the rhyme is in my mind, the world doesn't treat somebody who cants speak very kind." Shamus was not happy, the crowd was going nuts

"I lost my little house, my little wife, my little job, and my little life! I spent six months on the street, unable to speak unless my words sound good on a beat. Nobody wanted to wait for little me to spend half an hour to articulate a single plea. I spent months writing on a board, unable to say a single word. Until one single day when everything changed, I was slowly going deranged." 

"I broke and started to sob, I had nothing, no hope and nothing to rob. I then got angry, I stood up and started to scream ably. Something had clicked inside of my dome and I was able to move past this little gnome" I was screaming at this point, It felt good to get all of this off my chest, I had never explained much to my fans. I didn't expect them to believe me but was going to explain exactly how I beat this leprechaun. 

"I had the rhymes all I needed was the meter. He put the words in my mind like they were on a repeater. They droned on and on for months at a time, once I started to flow I started to climb. My sidewalk rant lasted for an hour, it felt good to regain my speaking power. People watched and threw the video up on youtube, I started playing this rap game like a Rubix cube."

"You see shamus you can kiss my ass, Now is in the world class flying without a boarding party, my jet is full of fucking grass. You tried to defeat me but now you know you can never beat me! Your magic is tragic. You cursed me, you can't reach my ass so kiss my knee. I can tell you're pissed that your curse missed. Now try to get this through your tiny Irish head, if I ever see you in my town again I'll make sure you're dead. Security gets rid of this dildo, Now let's get back to the fucking show!" 

Shamus disappeared before the security could get to him, but I didn't have time to worry about that. I was surrounded by my fans and had to bring them a good show. I'm sure most of them thought I was lying but wanted to move on before there were questions asked. And to think all of this started cause I picked a four leaf clover.