I am a monster hunter, and one of the better I dare say. You won’t find a better monster tracker and trapper anywhere soon. Many years ago I took a job with the Monster Hunting Society (*MHS)* who employ the few monster hunters on the planet. I was an adventurer, had an open mind and knew all the stories on monsters and other foul creatures, or so I thought, and after testing the MHS had decided to recruit me.

 I was, of course, thrilled. Every new monster hunter must swear an oath of secrecy, an omerta of sorts, just after finishing the first mission. On that first mission I had to take out a werewolf. I had tracked the werewolf for days and found him in an abandoned village, somewhere near the Albanian border. I approached him, my gun at the ready and a big hunting knife on my waist. I felt ready, I was ready. 

As I came closer he stepped back into a cabin and we looked each other in the eye. The beast showed its teeth and mucus came out of its snout, his eyes red and claws sharp. It was everything I had thought it would be. I took one more step and now stood in the cabin. Suddenly, the lights went on, and from behind every object monsters appeared. Two elves from behind a sideboard, a mermaid in the kitchen sink, three vampires from behind a sofa and a dragon’s head in the fireplace. I was shocked, and fired my gun. There was a small bang and a little flag that said “surprise” came out of the nozzle. That word was repeated by the creatures in the room and from behind me came the president of the MHS. He laughed, gave me a pat on the back and said it was time I met the monsters, in their true form. 

So it turns out that monsters aren’t that scary at all. The werewolf now had a hanky in his hands; and looked a lot less vicious. I was confused, of course I was confused. The werewolf approached me, stuck out his hand and said “Hi there, I'm Casper, but most of my buddies call me cas”. I replied “Erh,  Cas, I’m not sure what’s going on here”. He laughed and put his arm around my shoulders, while he introduced me to everybody in the room (*Jane, Frank and Tom the vampires, Felix the dragon, Julia the mermaid, Anders and Bob the elves)* as he explained that monsters went into hiding to avoid becoming cultivated and living their lives in service of humans. They pulled a little prank with every new monster hunter and every once in a while they scared some kids to keep up their reputation. 

&#x200B;

I was sitting with Frank and Jane by the fireplace of a cottage, in a deserted village not too far from where I first met my monster friends. He and Jane were involved in conversation. 

“Are you honestly suggesting that I move, again?” Said Frank. I looked over and hoped he would not get angry with her. “ Well you could do a little better for yourself, don’t you think?” Replied Jane. “Now I like my coffin just fine as it is actually, and mind your own damn business” said frank. Frank always said what he thought, after all these years I haven’t known him any other way and I knew where this was going, I’d heard the argument many times before and it would probably go on all night. Really, if you think some people can bicker, you probably haven’t met a vampire. They are the worst.

My phone rang, and I picked up. It was my wife, Christine. She rarely called me when I was at work. In her mind I’m an office clerk at a big firm in south London. Little did she know. She said “I just picked up Katie from school, and she told me she wants a unicorn for Christmas. A unicorn!” She paused for just a second, as if she expected me to say something and continued “I couldn’t hold it and burst out laughing, I hope I didn’t offend her but really, I don’t know where she gets it”. I didn’t reply. “And even if unicorns did exist, like you would even be able to catch one. Ha!” She hung up. 

Frank was looking at me and I knew I had to be careful. Monsters, especially Frank, didn’t like it very much when you’re talking about taking one of them in captivity. “You know me Frank, don’t worry. I’ll figure something out”. “I don’t know what I actually find worse, the way that women treats you or the disrespectful way she talks about us” Frank said. Remember that I told you that Frank always speaks his mind? Fact is that he knew as well as I did that I never rejected my daughter anything. If my little girl wanted a unicorn, she sure as hell would get one. Capturing and abducting a unicorn was out of the question, since that would mean to compromise my position as monster hunter, and destroy everything I worked for all these years. Plus I wouldn’t even dare hope for the chance that the unicorn would give up and serve a life as the favourite pet of my daughter.

I saw only one solution, it was a bit.. unorthodox, to say the least. I had to contact the Monster Hunting Society and arrange for my wife and daughter to come over. Visit me and my new friends, to share my life secret, it had never been done before. I told Frank, and he said “I’m both grumpy and scary enough to give that daughter of yours a welcome she’ll never forget.” He paused, and looked down. When he looked up again he had a strange grin on his face. “There is one condition however”. “Go on” I said. “That I can give that wife of yours a short and precise bite to the neck”. 

&#x200B;

\--   


*It's the first time I try writing a story -- ever. Any feedback is very welcome (if anyone will be reading this at all :-)).* 