It is May. The skies are blue and white. Sun pours down upon the brown brick and gray concrete of Kennedy Memorial High School.

Yet another mating season has nearly come to a close. Desperation fills the air with a heady musk. Soon the migration will begin and these awkward, slouching creatures will leave this place, returning to their ancestral homes, called by some power only they can know. In the great heat of the summer, they will sleep away the long days.

Time is short. 

The males of the species are poor hunters. They prowl the narrow corridors in an almost drunken state, looking for isolated females. The females move most often in packs, preferring the safety of great numbers. Should a male manage to separate a female from the herd, he has but scant seconds to make his move. 

This pressure is immense. 

Here we see a lone male now. You can see by his momentary willingness to make eye contact that he is experiencing a fleeting burst of confidence. Is it related to his grooming, perhaps? A timely application of relevant memes? We can only guess. 

He has spotted an unaccompanied female. She is loitering near the above ground den where she stores her textbooks and collection of emergency Cliff Bars. She must sense his approach, surely? The males of the species are not known for their stealth. And yet she does not scatter, but busies herself picking at the remains of an ancient sticker. The lone male announces his arrival by clearing his throat.

She returns the greeting wordlessly, her only signal the slightest raising of her eyebrows. The male falters. He stamps the ground aimlessly, his face turning a reddish hue - a distress signal. He has already lost his advantage.

Somewhat imperceptibly, the nearby males and females have all shifted around to witness this encounter. 

The male regains himself. He makes a series of pointedly benign observations. The female responds in kind. The dance has begun.

They reach the crucial juncture. The male has run out of benign observations. The female waits. The scene is tense. Will the male strike? Will the female slip away? 

The male seems ready to make his final approach...

When - what's this? Another male has arrived. A friend of the first male, it would appear. He breezes in between the two, slapping the male in the genitals and braying loudly. The spell is broken. The female makes her escape. 

A tussle breaks out between the two males. It is short lived. Together they slouch away into a nearby den. For the young male and the female, the cycle of life goes on.

But there's always tomorrow.