"A chance to change any decision?" I asked, blinking, still uncertain as to the parameters of the granted prize. I had always been leery of anything given for free, but I was always too polite to abjectly decline when such offers were made. 


Of course, now that I was dead, there was no real need to worry about financial matters.


"Yes indeedy~!" came the chipper reply from the oddly... inhuman angel. She seemed to possess all the quality of a pristine human being. "You are our 100 billionth soul! I never thought this day would come~" she sounded like she was choking back a tear, but her smile did not even quiver, her brow did not dip. Her back was hunched- or rather, the extra muscles required by her wings bulged as they worked to keep her aloft. "But you are on 100 billionth soul free of all the impugning karma you humans tend to gather! Guess all that extra work pro bono came back to lift you up after all!"


I would have chuckled, but that would have been unprofessional.


See, I was a Lawyer while I lived.


I know, curious, isn't it? That a man whose duty was to lie for his clients be proven worthy of entering the gates of eternal life. But you know, there's something to be said about kindness. It opened doors to some magical places in my life. It drove some of my colleagues crazy how I could never hold a grudge.


But the Angel here... she could qualify as a real chatterbox. She informed of a number of tawdry details regarding the finaglings of the wish. It had be a decision already made in the past. It has to a single decisions. The consequences of said decision would alter time, and the results would be immediately accounted for in the course of history.


"Have any others been given an opportunity like this?" I asked.


"Oh yes. Quite a few in fact. There was a perimician who lacked the... ability to consider cause and effect. They simply asked to reverse the direction they last took. Oh, there was a dog who deeply wished to reverse the decision of its first master to abandon it..."


"Yes, yes, but... what about... humans? Have any other *human* souls been given an opportunity like this?"


"Well, there are a feeewwww... I think I can take you to one right now!" the angellic... doll beamed. It was deeply unsettling. I never wished to see it again. I almost used up my chance to reverse a decision right there and then.


She flew my up amongst the clouds. She opened her mouth and from it issued forth a curious chime. Every human below turned their eyes toward us. It was like decision she made was purposefully constructed to make me regret ask- Ahhhh...  that could be the ploy here. To have their customer waste that power upon a simple, rash decision. Not I.


The Angel set me down in front of a bald man with a newspaper. The *Yeah and the Ways* seemed like a pretty standard Gazette. I could foresee many a celestial morning spent reading such a paper.


"Greetings Human Silas. I have here a fellow human with a query concerning your entrance prize," the Angel said with that twistedly chipper tone of hers. His. I couldn't tell.


Silas, however, was very much a man. He stood up and looked at me. It was then he said, "You got the gift too, huh? Undo any decision?" Well, he certainly didn't waste time... for a man who was free from time once and for all. His hands swung to his sides as he considered me.


"Yeah. I hear you did to."


"Oh, he most certainly di-"


"Shut up," we both interrupted the Angel. She clamped up. 


"So, what did you go with?" I asked. Silas gestured to a seat across him. I gladly took it.


"I undid the decision god made when he made us with noses that grew with the weight of our lies."


I opened my mouth. I blinked. I pondered. And finally, I had to ask, "Wait, human's had... noses that grew?"

"Back when I was alive, yeah. It was how could tell a man or woman was lying. Moment they finished, their nose started to bubble out."

"That sounds both horrific AND terrifying."

"You have no idea."

"Thank you."

"Eh, it didn't change that much."

"Really? You'd think humanity would be quite... different without large... shnozes."

"Oh, I did think that. But here's the thing... the noses only grew if the person was aware they were telling a lie," Silas said. He waved a hand over the table, a stout of ale slipping into existance. He picked it up, started to take a sip, before pausing. "Oh right, first timer. Wave your hand in a counter clockwise circle and think REALLY hard about what you want to eat or drink. Just magically appears," he said. "Oh, but uh... do it over a table- most of the time, it just... falls through the clouds."

Following his sage advice, I procurred myself a pint.

We clinked glasses before resuming.


"See, in my land, we had an upper class. All of them had... massive noses. They were taught to lie from an early age, and taught to execute any peasant whose nose grew. They would have weekly collections periods where they would measure the size of person's nose. If the nose was any bigger, the peasant was arrested, and sentenced to manual labor or executed, depending on the degree of difference."

"Well, how did these nobles explain their own noses?"

"They claimed to be born with noses that big. And you know what? It wouldn't suprise me if they did started lying before they were born."

"That bad huh?"

"Oh yes. And, even worse, they managed to get away with it. For centuries. Their towncriers never had growing noses because, as far as they knew, they were speaking the truth. The knights never had expanding nostrils, because no matter what, they were just obeying the orders of their betters."

"So you used your decision to undo that decision? Like, humans were supposed to be born with lie detectors in their noses... but when you made that undo, then...?"

"Then whoever created us, or.. .whatever resulted in us... just... skipped over the shnozz expansion."

"... no offense... but that sounds pretty dumb."

"You're telling me. And to make things worse, once they could lie with impunity, EVERYONE become those nobles. Like, EVERYONE started lying."

"Do you... regret it?" I asked.

"Not one bit," Silas said. "See, I didn't die from this, but I saw others who did... but... sometimes, humans are born... unable to properly... align what's true and what's false."

"So, in that world... the world where noses grow bigger..."

"Nobody could suspect a thing. Now, people understand that ANYONE can lie about ANYTHING. You can't just take someone's word for anything." Silas sighed. I could tell from his posture, his back, his brooding scowl... he had devoted a lot of time to these explanations.

"Eh, I'm sure they would have crafted some laws around it... but I can see why that could be... complicated to implement." 

We clinked glasses again, and considered the possibilities. From the look on his face, I could tell that his decision... stuck to him. It clung to him... the same way that Angel just kept sneaking closer and closer in.

"Don't you have other new arrivals to check on?" I asked the Angel.

"I always have time for you~" she said.

It was like every word she said was constucted to irritate me.

I asked to meet another person. And after that, another. 

Again and again, I discovered more answers, each twisting the world further and further. Humans once had tails. And we were herbivores. Then we were carnivores, but it lead to terribly inefficient farming techniques, which lead to centuries of starvation...

The more I learned, the less I wanted to decide.

Unfortunately, the Angel kept hovering over me, asking "What would you like to undo? Its a simple wish away~!" with that hollow, cheery voice.


Finally, I decided. The further back my undone decision, the worse the affereffects. The large the decision I undid, the more it would way upon me...


So... I made me decision.


"Hey, Angel?"

"Yessss~?"

"I know what decision I want to do."

"Oh, do tell, do tell!" she clapped animatedly. Animatedly- not lively. People don't clap and bounce like that.

"When I was 32, I made a decision to skip a bus before 10:20pm on January 13th.  I want to undo that."

"Are you suuurreee?" the angle asked in her warbling sing-song voice.

"Pretty sure."

"You could easily ask for anything. You undo Satan's decision to betray the heavens. Or fix the US Constitution's 3/5ths rule. Or... or..." 

"Angel. I made my decision. Its final."

"But why? Why?"

"Because I don't want to miss my daughter's birth."

---

I jerked awake upon the bus. Behind me, a totalled wreck lay strewn across the street. A taxi. In the middle of the blizzard. I turned to the driver, who looked back to me, quite shaken by the disaster we managed to dodge. I looked back... licked my lips... and ordered him, "Hospital. Now." 