"As you wish, master. I will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life."

I closed eyes and smiled as I felt a warm glow radiate over my body, lifting me from the ground. I heard a quick, loud zap, and suddenly feet were on the ground again. I didn't open my eyes yet. I wanted to savor the moment. This is the moment my life went to hell. A decision that sent my life into mundane existence of a terrible corporate job with the same goddamn schedule every single day. No excitement. Nothing to look forward to. Just the same routine. Over and over again.

Just as I was about to open my eyes, my thoughts were interrupted. 

"As you wish, master. I will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life." My eyes popped back open in confusion.

"Wait, wha-" my sentence was interrupted by that same magical glow. The same lifting into the air, and the same zap. This time I did not keep my eyes closed. I immediately looked up at the genie, who was already drawing breath as if about to speak.

"As you wish, master. I will return you to the-"

"Wait, what the hell is happening? You just returned me to the wish I made 2 seconds ago"

"Even I do not know where this will take you, master. I am but a conduit through which the power of the cosmos flows through. Now I will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life." 

That glow again. That lifting. That zap.

"As you wish, master. I will-"

"Wait, scratch that. I want a different wish now." I interrupted him before he could finish.

"I'm sorry master, but once the wish has been made it cannot be undone. I will now return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life." I drowned out the last sentence as I threw myself at him. As I passed through his ephemeral body, I felt that same glow, lift, and zap.

I tried over and over to stop him. No matter how much I ran, attacked, begged, pleaded, it was always the same. 

Glow. Lift. Zap.
Glow. Lift. Zap.
Glow. Lift. Zap.

I don't know how many years I tried, at this point probably centuries. But it didn't take long to realize that the genie was right. This truly was the worst decision of my life. The decision that sent my life into mundane existence of a terrible loop with the same goddamn schedule every single time. No excitement. Nothing to look forward to. Just the same routine. Over and over again. 

Glow. Lift. Zap