Only I.. and the baby had been able to see them. Kicks and fists moving through my skin. If it had been 3 years ago I would have been repulsed but this was my child. Not some alien monster. 

But the small little dragon, no bigger than a mouse, skittering on my belly. Playing with the baby. My eyes, Incapable of seeing anything but this playing out in front of me.

"Ben's really moving today isn't he. Is he playing with Tiny Tim again." 

My husband. Rob. While he couldn't see them, or feel them, he believed me. Whether it be a good husband entertaining the delusions of his ready to pop wife or genuine belief, I didn't care. Either was as good as the other for me, either way it was because he loved me. Loved our family.

"It seems so!" I chortled 

A large brown dragon curled up beside the TV rolled over sleepily. A whisp of smoke rising from one nostril, as the other was smooshed into the dog bed. 

"You know. Were going to have to put away that dog bed when we have guests over. We...dont have a dog." I said. As Tiny Tim kept gently pouncing on Ben's pushing. 

"Then we get a dog, and another dog bed. I've kinda gotten used to the idea of having Haigrid, and the others around." He said gesturing to the dog bed." And the only thing I have to go off of are your doodles and descrip-." Rob trailed off.

"What is it honey?"

Tims eyes were locked just above where Haigrid was lying "Is something burning?!" 

"You know I can never smell real burning because I'm always smelling the dragons smoke." 

As the last word left my lips Hagrid stirred. The brown dragon, about the size of an English bulldog woke up. 

He walked over, still quite bleary eyed and stopped to rub its side on our ottoman, causing it to slide. 

"Honey... the ottoman just moved." Rob said with the calm and collected manner of someone facing down a bear.

"Yea that's just Hag-. WAIT?!" 

Till this point the dragons merely existed. Never interacting with the stuff we knew to be real past stand and walking on it. They never even left pressure dents on the furnature. 

Tiny Tim had stopped pouncing, and Hagrid had locked eyes with Tiny. I watched as Hagrid climbed onto the couch and over Rob to nuzzle right next to my belly. 

"Baaabe..." 

"Yeaaa...." i mimicked his tone, both of us mutually stunned. And Rob clearly able to not only see them, but feel them. 

"I think something's happening." 

That's when the labor pains started. We rushed to the car Tim rising on Hagrid as they jumped in the car with us. Rob sped off. But as we waited at the front of a stoplight, myself bearing through what all the future mommy classes told me was "not that bad" and "fairly easy to deal with". 

I giant dragon. The size of a garbage truck slid around the corner, it tucked its head and like a snowplow forcibly moved every vehicle out of the way in front of us.

Rob looked at me, smiled his "I dont know what the fuck were doing, but were doing it." smile. And gunned it. 

As if on cue the giant traffic dragon veered off the road and nestled in a patch of grass right next to the hospital, Rob got me in the hospital and into a room as fast as hospital staff could take me. 

Labor had lasted 6 hours, it was almost morning, and the doctor said I might still have another couple to go. After a while the less painful contractions hardly bothered me. I saw that Tim and Hagrid were nestled on the more comfy chair while Rob took the less comfortable one. The nurses clearly still unable to see the dragons. 

An hour and a half later, I glance over to my right. Rob, Hagrid curled up in his lap, and Tim on top of Hagrid. All three hardly keeping their eyes awake. When as though from a loony toons short. The two dragons heads snap up, startling Rob, causing all three glancing out the window. 

As though born from the very sun itself a golden ray of ribbon comes driving closer and closer to us. Shimmering and radiating the morning sun with every flap of its wings, and every crinkle in its scales.

The Dragon was massive, its size becoming even more clear the closer it got, each single limb easily the size of the entire traffic dragon. And then it was gone. 

Only for a massive tremor to rattle the hospital, tools clattering off trays and glasses shattering echoed through the halls. The doctor walked in to assure me that it was just a small tremor nothing to be afraid of. 

The golden dragons neck craned around its perch pressing its eye to the window shrouded. Eyes like molten gold.

Clearly Ben thought that made his entrance complete. And it was time. 



"You did amazing babe, hes perfect." Rob said kissing my sweat drenched forehead. 
"Doc said hell be right back, they're just weighing him and stuff." 

The doctor walked back in with my precious child swaddled in his arms. "Perfectly healthy, if not a little chunky. Hes 10 lbs 20 inches." 

He handed my baby to Rob, and Rob to me, his swaddle partially covering his face. As I scooted it out of the way so I could look at my beautiful boy, Ben's eyes slowly opened to look up at me, and what greeted me was the same molten gold that was peering in through the window. 

Another smaller tremor as the golden dragon slithered it's way off the building. And then the most glorious song, as if every windchime on the planet rang out at once. 

Rob heard it, and Ben heard it, his little head turning ever so slightly at the sound, but more strangely everyone else heard it too. 

The doctor was frozen. Staring past Rob, Ben, and I but directly at the chair that Hagrid and Tim were observing Ben from.

"Wh-wh-what are th-those." He stammered extending a finger at the pair of dragons, who merely offered a pleasant chirp in response. 

"Welcome to our world." I said.

"Theres a bigger one outside." Rob gestured to the window at the doctor who had just gone as pale as the sterile hospital walls. 
