I awoke to the tower around me trembling as a roar pierced the stone.
I rolled over to my side checking the holoscreen surveillance and let out a sigh. *Not again.*

I hastily pressed the intercom button, “Would everyone please *shut the fuck up* and let me sleep? Also, stop hurting Bear. I don’t know what father told you but I don’t need or want to be saved. You may see yourself out.” 

Satisfied, I shut the intercom off and got comfortable. Pulling up my pink comforter and nestling into my pink pillow, I cringed as I realized how much pink my father put into my room. My tastes were no longer that of an eight year old, sheltered princess. I shut off my thoughts and let myself relax. 

Just as the curtain of sleep closed around me, another booming crash broke me from my precious slumber. I forced my sleep fogged body out of my oh-so-comfortable bed and threw on a silk robe. I hastily slammed open my bedroom door and marched down spiralling stone stairs, down the portrait covered, plush carpeted halls, and into the grand hall. 

Below my railing, the sound of Bear shrieking filled my ears and fuelled my foul mood. The grand entry hall was in ruins, carpet stained with fire, blood, and god knows what. Vases and furniture crushed and shattered. Even the front door was in splinters, despite the doorbell I had begrudgingly installed. 

When the “heroes” came into my view, I timed it just right, leaping from the railing and landing on the armoured one. I immediately rushed over to Bear, checking for any injuries and fussing over him. His impenetrable black scales were tougher than any shield or wall, no weapon, enchanted or not would ever cut it, but he was the biggest baby you’d ever meet. 

I had found Bear as an egg when I was thirteen. Hiding from the guards ordered to bring me back to the royal picnic, I stumbled upon a sack glowing curiously. Being the bright and intelligent young girl I was, I knew right away it was the egg of a dragon. I recognized the glowing blue whorls that sparkled like nebulae on it’s shell from stories and adventurer journals I had stolen from my father’s personal library. I named him Bear after a teddy bear I lost.

After comforting Bear, I turned towards the two intruders. Snapping my fingers, the security protocol powered to life. A vast array of weapons emerged from the walls, ceilings, and floor. All pointed at two “heroes”.

The armoured one I had landed on, was half conscious, his blond hair drenched in sweat and his icy sapphire eyes fuzzy. I fought the urge to groan as I noticed the jewels and gold embroidery on his armour. *God, another prince.* 

The second was a pretty girl around my age, with braided auburn hair hiding behind a dark hood. Her spring grass green eyes were wary. *Not bad, a cute sorcerer.* 

I eyed the girl carefully, “You, what’s your name?”

“Farren, Your Highness.” She replied, unfaltering green eyes returned my gaze. “I apologize for my prince’s behaviour. He’s a stubborn bastard, and did not heed your warning.” 

“Brave of you to insult your prince.” I challenged, stroking Bear’s head.

Farren merely shrugged, “He’s a close childhood friend, Your Highness.” 

“Childhood friends, huh? And please, call me Laetitia. *Your Highness*, is just so dull.” I offer her a genuine smile. “You may drag your prince and toss him into one of the guest bedrooms. When he’s awaken, you can leave.”

Farren laughed, “Thank y—“

 “I, PRINCE GARTHIEN FRYTHION VERWYN CORV—“

The sorcerer cut off by the awaken prince, gave me an apologetic look.

“Yes, I know, you’re here to slay my dragon and offer your hand in marriage, bla-bla-bla.” I grit my teeth, massaging my slowly building headache.

I suck in a breath, “You do know I’m gay right?”

Farren burst out laughing, leaving the prince‘s pride in pieces, mouth flapping open like a fish. “I really tried to tell you, Garth.” The sorcery offered. 

Bear plopped his huge body beside the shocked prince and licked him comfortingly, as if even he took pity on the man. 

“N-No! This can’t be! Your father insisted you needed saving, that you’ve been waiting all this time to be saved! He said you’re of marriageable age and need to come back!” He protested, his eyes pleading. 

I let out a loud sigh, “That’s my father’s creative way of getting back at me for moving away. I don’t want to be queen and marry some prince, and he respects that. But he’s still *pouting*.”

“Many others are coming.” Farren cautioned, “All hellbent on marrying you and killing this adorable guy here.” 

Bear huffed, plopping his head on Farren’s lap. 

The faint throbbing in my head softened as an idea popped into my head.

Grinning, I turn to the sorcerer. “Say, Farren, you wouldn’t happen to know any cloaking spells for castles would you?” 