Even by my standards this one took some work. I’m a professional researcher, and a very good one. I can find all kinds of odd historical facts. Well, being a time traveler helps. Since my uncle developed time travel about 15 years ago, we’ve managed to learn so many secrets – how the Princes in the Tower died, the fate of Amelia Earhart, even the location of the Ark of the Covenant – it turned out to be a broken petrified wooden box with some broken stones in it. Indiana Jones, you lied to us.

But my favorite discovery was the very first one – that by creating time travel, we created a nexus in history. Everything before our time had to have happened as it did, or the time machine may well have never been created. So that old kill-your-grandfather thing? Doesn’t exist, at least that we’ve found.

Oh when this came to light it was a fun day.  I jokingly suggested I go back and find a wallet I lost in college – and by god, it was there, with that money. I could even bring it back – something I’ve not abused.

I think it was that drunken night when we realized we had this someone suggested we go kill Hitler. She was a college friend, and an Orthodox Jew. She hated Hitler more than life itself. Her grandparents were killed in the Holocaust and I secretly think she started working with my uncle just to try this. Well we did – We looked up a time we knew he was at his Bavarian palace, the Berghof, and slipped into the time stream late at night, right into his bedroom. I had a simple .22 and put a bullet into his head as he slept. Eva too. It was disturbing the first time and I won’t lie, there was some fear that maybe I undid history, even knowing the truth.

A return to our time showed nothing at all changed. Hitler still killed himself in a bunker.  But honestly, I was a little chilled I did it. It felt cold and sort of wrong, even through with any honesty, it was no different than punching out a resident of Los Santos in GTA X.  Still, seeing real blood splatter did change it for me.

We did our other research for a while. It was another drunken night, we had gathered so much press and new staff, and a few wanted to see it. So we started to take newbies there as a joke – a rite of passage for people we liked.

We did have one tragedy – one person, new kid, got cute, went alone (something we avoided entirely, but he broken protocol), and tried to kill Hitler at a speech at Nuremberg.  Gunned down by German troops. Glad that one is not in the history books. We actually reengineered the machine just to make it impossible to launch by ones self after that. 

I don’t know who first suggested doing it creatively. I had done things basic – firearms, knives, a bomb.  One of the first funny ones was the one who flipped over his bed and had 10 people dressed as rabbis beat him down. I was in on that one – I was one of the rabbis.  Another started the drop-funny-objects-on-Hitler game. I think the first one that really got me was the can of Xyclon-B, the poison used in gas chambers. That one was finely poetic.

The game really picked up when we started development of Drones though. We wanted to be able to send stealth drones in using light-bending tech so we could observe things without being seen. The light-bending tech was real Harry Potter shit. It looked like a slight gleem of light, if you caught it right. Otherwise, invisible.  We build them as small as a dragonfly and as big as a Cadillac, so we had some play. Bigger ones to capture things like battles. I really loved watching the Battle of Waterloo done Michael Bay style.

But someone got the Hitler Game idea again. At first, it was simple things – weights, cars. But this time I got the biggest laugh – two and a half tons of chicken waste dropped on Hitler from a height of 25 feet, as he became Furher, all captured in lovely 8k video. I shared this one on YouTube and got over a billion likes and follows. 

My college friend though, I think she enjoyed her kill most of all. She found the old TV-show Dexter on Netflix and decided it was the right thing for her. So we set up the whole Dexter thing – sheet wrapping, knife, all that. Even got the pictures of her relatives who had died in the Holocaust. We explained everything to him. We all had universal translators so this was easy. We gave Hitler the whole explanation. We were time travelers. Everything he did was for nothing, because it led to peace. Germany was a united, strong, peaceful nation, but he destroyed it first. They took in refugees when many would not. And they hated him so much, but not as much as we did.  He yelled at us.  I think it was the first time I heard a word from his mouth that wasn’t of curse or shock, but we made sure  he knew he was dying by the hand of a Jew.  It was our most satisfying kill.

But as is to be expected, the feds eventually stepped in. My uncle sold his company to the government, and I left a billionaire for my part in the work, not that a Billionaire is that impressive anymore, but still, I’m never working again. Everyone from the janitors on up in my Uncle’s company never need to worry about money again, That was my last time killing Hitler, and sometimes I wish I could go back and try it again. But my Hitler hate has been sated. Instead, I’d really love to go back and give some of the bad Roman emperors a taste of my mind. Hitler at least read Jules Verne, I think someone who had only basic understanding of indoor plumbing might really be shocked. 
