"So we are supposed to be in a romantic comedy?", Kate said

"Yeah. I am not sure the writer knows what he is doing, breaking the fourth wall like this.", Lewis replied

"Is it still called a fourth wall? The term originated from theater with the fourth wall being the audience, so in writing the term doesn't make sense." Kate said authoritatively.

"Great. Now that we have established that the author is an idiot, even if he is the one writing these words, lets get on with the story. So we are two normal people, not really exceptional in any sense. We meet at a cafe.", Lewis said.

"Wait wait wait! Normal people! This is a romantic comedy, right? How are you going to add humor in this story? We have to have some weirdness going on.", Kate interrupted. 

"I thought we would just do a satirical commentary on the political system in between our date. It would have helped if I had been named Donald and you Hillary.", Lewis said.

"Eye bleach. Thank god /u/Inkfinger/ had characters named Kate and Lewis for the author to steal. I don't even want to know what the author is thinking about right now.", Kate shuddered, along with almost everyone reading this, "No we have to have some conflicts for the story."

"Well the prompt is only about us. We could have others who are weird. Thats how it is happening in this thread.", Lewis continued, becoming too meta for his own good.

"I am not really getting it. Give me some examples.", Kate was really not getting it.

"Well your mother could have been a hamster and your father could have smelled of Elderberries.", Lewis continued in a weird accent.

"And you are French, I assume?", Kate deadpanned.

"Why do you think I have this outrageous accent?", Lewis wrote that line in a French accent. Yes. That sounds as ridiculous as it is written. 

"Doesn't really work well in writing. Besides that group is too popular to rip off of.", The author, hence referred as 'I', think it works actually, much better than the other scenes. Do you like it? Also a moose once bit my sister. 

"I like the off of line.",  Lewis said, appreciating the word repetition. 

"Oh I have another one. You can not start a sentence with 'because' because 'because' is a conjunction. Three 'because'!", Kate said jumping up and down on the bed. I have read that it is important too communicate to the reader the emotions of the characters and introduce the setting naturally like this. So you now know that Kate is excited and there is a bed there.

"That is quite clever. Anyway that circus group gave me an idea. What if we are going into the circus and the goat talks and", Lewis continued, wanting to actually move to the story.

"Let me stop you right there.", Kate interrupted.

"Oooh Simon Cowell. I like it.", Lewis mooned.

"Moooving on. That idea has already been done. /u/pianobutter beat us to it. No goats.", Damn it. Goats are cool.

"Talking chicken?"Lewis said, a little desperate now.

"We could have, but now after mentioning goats, that will just look like a blatant plagiarism.", Kate was as always the voice of sensibility.

"Yeah. Too bad the author is too stupid to remove some words, so it seems like it is his own idea. Authors are sometimes too worried about ~~stupid~~(word redacted due to repetition in the last line. Also added so many words just to write this redaction. And still kept the original word in strike through font.) word counts.". I wonder if I should remove the redaction. It could be a chain of infinite redactions!

"Talking ducks?", Lewis was just not leaving it alone.

"No talking animals. Has bee done already, and much better than this one will write. " /u/pianobutter is a much better writer. Why are you reading this anyway?

"We are really stuck with his ass aren't we? what wrong did we exactly do in our so short existence to be stuck with this moron.", Lewis, as he was a normal guy, did what anyone else would have. He blamed someone else. "We are way too normal, I guess. Hey, how about your mother was a goat?"

"Do you have a furry fetish?", Kate was getting a little creeped out now. Maybe Lewis was not so normal at all.

"No. No. What gave you that idea?", Lewis said quickly, a sheen of sweat dripping down his forehead.

"Nothing. Just a random hunch.", Kate was cool. And looking around for things to use as weapons.

"What about if you were adopted when were young and we are looking for your father, who is in the zoo and we find that your father is actually.......", Lewis said. 

"Don't say it. Don't you fooking say it", Kate thundered.

"A Lannister always pays his debts.", Lewis said, thankfully not mentioning the lion.

"Damn you. Damn you! DAMN YOU! You fucker. I am breaking up with you right now." Kate was now now seething.

"Hey, I am the author and I wanted to chime in. You both are doing great. We already have the first friction in the story. And we"

"I am sorry but author is, well, somewhat incapacitated. And we should stop typing so as not to incriminate ourself." Lewis said, the bloodied knife held in his hand, as he looked at Kate to say the final lines.

"That's all folks."