I opened my eyes groggily. Slowly an overwhelming white light assaulted my vision. Rising to my feet, I found myself in a featureless, white void. A single full-length mirror stood before me, but I couldn't see a reflection, just a murky shadow.

*What is this? Where am I? What happened?* My mind swam with a hundred questions. *It's coming back to me in pieces. I was on the way to the lab, took the I-187 because it had less traffic, the semi-truck ran a red light...* Was this death? It couldn’t be! There was supposed to be a heaven!

"Am I dead?" I called out to the void. The mirror's surface swirled. The shadow cleared to reveal the image of a man standing, arms crossed. He looked familiar. His dark hair was unkempt and dirty. His smudged glasses slid down his sweaty nose. The man wore black jeans and a stained blue shirt. *Wait a second… That’s my favorite shirt, the one with the moon and the trees…* He saw my confused face, and hung his head and laughed, and that moment I knew who I was facing. 

“Oh my God… You’re, you’re me!”

“Finally figured it out, huh? About time.” He spat that last line the same way my brother and I used to when we were kids. But his voice… it was mine and yet it was completely alien.

“Why- What happened to you?”

“Asking the wrong question, idiot. Not what happened to me. What happened to YOU?”

“What are you talking about?”

“I’m nothing but your reflection. This is how you see me- sorry, us. This is the image we want deep down, what we wish everyone would see. I’m you in our eyes.”

“Stop.” I said, fighting back tears.

“We hated us so much we pushed everyone who ever cared away. We didn’t want to look weak.” He began to cry too.

“I didn’t want to burden anyone. I thought-“

“That we were being so selfless and noble? That’s not how it works. Forcing people to watch you wallow in our own pain is the epitome of selfishness!”

“No…” My throat tightened.

“You have any idea what we did? Everyone – Mom, Dad, Eric, Mira – they cared about us. For some reason. Sure, we tried to pass it off as being humble, being selfless, being empathic, but deep down we’re just a selfish bastard with no self-awareness.”

“They’re better off without me… I’m not good enough for them.” I fought to get the words out, choking on my tears.

“Come on, we know that’s not true. We’re not good enough for *us*.” His words pierced me like an arrow. “All this time we hated ourselves. We claimed we wanted to better ourselves, but we figured since it was us trying, we’d fail. We couldn’t accept love or praise, we couldn’t even believe our own family wanted us.”

I was on the floor now, sobbing. The reflection continued, a bit louder.

“But torturing us day in and day out just wasn’t enough, was it? No, we had to make everyone around us suffer. Did we ever notice? Of course not. But we forced Mom and Dad to watch us self-destruct. We pushed Eric away. He essentially had no brother growing up because we were so absorbed in our self-pity.”

The tears flowed, now. He was right, and we both knew it. I knelt in front of the mirror, my clenched fists pressed against the glass.

He raised his voice again. “And don’t even get us started on Mira. She loved us, you know? I don’t know why, but she did. It took us so long to admit it to ourselves, but even when we finally did we kept her at arm’s length. She poured out her heart for us day after day for years and we wouldn’t let her in to help us. She would’ve gotten us out, if we let her.”

“Shut up!” I tried to yell between sobs, my voice breaking. He was almost screaming now.

“But even someone as kind-hearted as her has limits. And after all the love she gave and not a drop of it received, she finally gave up. You broke her heart with your selfishness.”

*Wait a second.* “You said ‘you’ that time.” I blinked back the tears.

“No we didn’t. Anyway, we’re not done here.”

“Yeah. I think I get it now.” I slowly rose to my feet. “This is all a freaking test, isn’t it?!”

He blinked. “Keep telling us that. You’re not getting out of here anytime soon.”

“No. It’s not going to end this way. You want me to sit down and mope like this for all eternity or whatever. But I know what I’ve done. You’ve basically handed me the key already! I can’t undo what I’ve done or the damage I’ve caused, but I won’t let my guilt stop me anymore! I’m not going to!”

“You can’t win, don’t you get it? You can’t stop hating yourself, and even if you could then you wouldn’t be able to stop me. Or you can accept what a terrible person we are, and lie here and die again.” He grinned cruelly. *No. No. NO!* I rose to my feet. 

“The only thing I hate myself for is not doing this sooner.” I punched the mirror with all my might, shattering it. The last thing I saw was the reflection screaming and vanishing and a burning white light filling my vision.
