For a while, there had been silence.

Have you ever been on a ride at an amusement park that goes at once from a high speed to a complete stop, or been in a car accident and found yourself thrown against the seat-belt? That is precisely what it felt like when Elliot went to Hell: like he had been going very fast and had suddenly stopped. (And maybe, he would later consider, that was a half-decent summary of death.)

As if launched upward from a terrible nightmare, he jolted into being, gasping for breath he had not been deprived of. The air smelled like a hospital someone had been smoking in, a tainted sterility. Once his vision pulled into focus, he found himself in what looked like a waiting room. To *what,* he wasn't sure, for it certainly wasn't clean enough to be a hospital, and come to think of it. . . There was no one else waiting. There was no quiet murmur of life. All he could hear was what sounded an awful lot like a harmonica.

At a cursory search for any staff behind the desk, Elliot found only *him.*

Satan, who was by all means looking terribly bored, was sitting on the intake desk playing the harmonica. This answered one question and gave way to another hundred. The first to come to mind crawled up Elliot's throat before he had time to think about it: "What the hell?"

It became clear then that the devil had not actually seen him until that moment. His eyes flickered up from the spot they had been lazily fixed on, like two great fireballs somehow confined within his eye sockets. It took a moment of squinting for him to open his mouth, baring shark-like teeth. First was a sigh. Then, Satan flatly stated, "I assume that was supposed to be a joke." For all the awful feelings in the world, Satan himself being so clearly unimpressed at Elliot was definitely crawling up the list of the worst.

Further up on the list was his mounting fear. "No," he forced out after a moment of trying not to stammer. "No - I just. . ." His head reeled and he took a few seconds to gather himself. One deep breath in, one shuddering huff out. When he spoke again, he was quieter. "I'm dead. I'm dead and you're -"

"*Yes,* I am he," Satan answered tiredly. "The Devil. Father of lies. Evil itself. Lucifer. Whatever name you choose, this is who stands. . ." He seemed to reevaluate his statement, and slipped off the desk to stand before Elliot before continuing, "Who stands before you."

Standing, Satan wasn't more than a foot taller than Elliot, but it felt like he towered nonetheless. Yet there was something about him that seemed off. He didn't reek of ego or pride the way he probably should have. If anything, he seemed. . . Was 'sad' the right word? Elliot considered it as he took a cautious glance around. "This is Hell, isn't it? Where, uh - where *is* everyone?"

"They're in Heaven."

"What?" That didn't make sense. Surely not everyone else who had ever died would be in Heaven. "You're not telling me that I'm the only person who's ever gone to Hell. That's ridiculous."

"Oh, no," Satan answered, starting to pace a slow circle around Elliot. "I'm not telling you that. You're simply the only person who has ever stayed. And even that remains to be seen."

This only worsened the confusion that Elliot felt about this whole thing, but he was trying to understand. It was made somewhat more difficult by the fact that he was also trying to keep an eye on Satan, and this had caused him to turn slowly in place as the devil circled him. "I don't understand. I thought people stayed in Hell, like. Forever."

When Satan laughed, it was an exhausted laugh, but it still drove a cold spike into Elliot's heart. "Ah, so did we. Suppose I ought to read my contracts better. Regardless, I've no interest in giving you a history lesson. Hell is by all means a dead kingdom. Go on," he said, stopping his pacing and giving a grandiose gesture to the doors at the far end of the room. "Into the hall, the last doors on your right. Heaven lies beyond."

This was far too easy. "You're not going to torture me?"

"My torturers quit, actually. And I'm not in the business, personally."

"So there's no one here but you?"

"No," Satan snapped. "There's not. Are you going to keep questioning me, or are you going to leave? I assure you, you won't get *bored* up there. Have your fun."

He began to pace back toward the desk, and in that moment, Elliot caught himself feeling the slightest bit bad for the devil. Liar or otherwise, it did look like he was completely alone here. Everyone had abandoned Hell for greener pastures, and to him, it didn't even look much like Hell anymore. It was simply a drab building, perhaps a little warm and a little musty, with a harmonica and Satan and a chess set.

His eyes locked on that. Elliot had always loved a challenge.

"Wait," he called out, and received a cool glance in response. A quirked eyebrow. "Do you actually want me to go?"

There was a pause. Satan turned back, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the desk. "Not particularly. But I have no means of stopping you, and it's best not to delay the inevitable."

It took a moment of mustering his courage, but Elliot walked over to the desk. He didn't stand too close, but instead tapped the chessboard lightly. "Inevitable is a strong word," he said, and prided himself on how collected he sounded. "Just humour me for a second. You play?"

"You're surprised?"

"Not really. Listen. . . Fuck it, let's make a deal. One game. No cheating. If I win, I'll go to Heaven, and that's that. If *you* win, I'll stay here. You can do whatever you want with me. Even if that means taking up torture again." This was, perhaps, the stupidest thing Elliot had ever done, just short of dying. He hardly knew why he was doing it. There had just been something about the image of Satan himself in a barren, empty Hell, playing the harmonica. . . It was just wrong. And Elliot was pretty good at chess.

Slowly but surely, Satan strolled his way. He leaned on the desk, his lithe form twisting in a strange way to accommodate for the odd height difference. And then, in a terrifying if almost charming way, he grinned. With one long finger, he pushed a few misplaced pieces back into their starting locations. "You do know you just made a deal with the Devil," he said casually, his eyes burning into Elliot's.

Elliot forced himself to look away and focus on the board, where he was already planning his first move. After a second, he let out a surprisingly genuine, short laugh. "Yeah. I guess I did." 