I sat on my throne as the knocking grew louder outside my chamber. 

*Crunk! Crunk! Crunk!*

I had been waiting for this day, when I would be usurped by the Glasgow Empire. It was not enough that my kingdom was infiltrated by spies from numerous realms. But that they had the audacity to knock on my door with their incessant battering ram made my blood boil. 

Sure enough the banging receded. They had penetrated my chamber. The wood of the great black door splintered and piled up like kindling around the doorway.

Then a group of three brash, burly men entered the chamber. They all carried unsheathed long swords, hilts encrusted with jewels. Their chain mail twinkled in the morning light.

The one in the center was a black knight. I could estimate that from his inky black suit of armor. The other two were white as snow.

The black knight glanced at me and smiled. "King Lothario. So gracious for you to meet us for this appointment."

The white guys laughed. "Who is he? Looks more like a wheel spinner to me!"

The black knight shook his head. "No, his hands are far too slender for hard labor. He likely makes his living rubbing off horses when they sleep!"

The three of them guffawed. I found their mocking tones to be rather... humorous? I was quite conflicted at the moment. But I allowed them to continue, to see where it would lead.

The black knight continued, "You have an impressive display of gold ornaments around your neck."

I glanced down at my emerald amulet. It was quite impressive. 

The black knight shook his massive head, his neck muscles seemingly choking the skull they held. "My daughter would love to wear it, but she is not quite as feminine as you. She may catch fatigue."

The white knight to the left slapped the black knight. "Your daughter can not take more fatigue, especially after I had my way with her last night!"

To that I bellowed. I quite admired these men, and their loose tongues.

The black night became serious. "But we really must be getting our job done. Enough frivolity. King Lothario, you must be dispatched, I apologize in advance. White knights, please..."

I snapped my fingers, and out of the dark corner popped my most loyal liege. 

I grinned. "Meet: The Jester."

The knights collectively took a step backwards. The Jester's hat baubled like a children's mobile, bells jangling. 

The Jester did a curtsy, and spoke softly. "Three strong knights against a young king? Surely you need more, what with such small hands."

The knights hid their hands, then thought better of it. 

"But," said my Jester, "I'm sorry to do this."

"Go ahead, Jester," I said. 

"Sorry, my King. But your reign has come to an end."

"What? What are you saying?"

My Jester planted his hands on his hips like a truculent maiden. "I have been a turncoat, a double agent for longer than you can imagine. I... *we* have plotted this day to the last detail. Even their frivolity had been engineered to put you in a disposable position. Today you die."

That is when I revealed the final grand trick. I pressed a concealed button on my throne, and a torrent of molten tar rained down from nozzles on the ceiling. The whole room was deluged with the thick burning black ooze, and only I was spared, as I was elevated on my throne.

As the ooze cooled, the bodies lay in muddy heaps upon the floor. It was a pity to dispatch such lively knights and spies, but better a mess on the floor than a knife in the back.