Adolf woke. 

He wasn’t sure what had awakened him, but he found himself staring at the shadowy ceiling of his tiny flat just the same.  It was quiet – so quiet that he was sure neither dawn nor dusk were anywhere close at hand – and yet, still he was awake. More awake, in fact, than he had felt in years. He shivered beneath his blanket despite the warmth, and lit a candle. 

“What do you want?” He asked the darkness. It felt right, he thought, to speak like this into the night. He could feel eyes on him, even if he wasn’t sure anyone was really there. If he was wrong, no one would be the wiser. But if he was right…

Hitler gasped as a hooded figure rose from the darkness at the foot of his bed, growing like a shadow at dusk. He clutched the covers closer to his chest. 

“What are you!?” He exclaimed. “Some specter? Are you some devil, come to steal the breath from my lungs and soul from my flesh? Show yourself!” 

To his surprise, the figure stopped, holding up a finger as if to ask for a moment while he fumbled with his hood. It seemed to bulge oddly, as if it were caught on something, but eventually he pulled it free. 

It was simply a man.

“Sorry. Must have…slipped? Never did like these cloaks.” The figure said in halting German. He flashed Adolf a sheepish smile, and despite himself the pajama-clad man felt himself begin to smile as well. There was something about him, about the way he looked just a bit embarrassed beneath his disheveled bush of hair that was endearing. Despite that, however, he wasn’t ready to relax just yet. 

“Who…who are you? Why have you come here into my bedchambers so rudely, and without invitation?” Adolf asked. 

Again, the man smiled. “Oh…I don’t think I’m anyone that special.” He said. “Just a…teacher? Is that the word? I work with paint, and I thought…you might enjoy getting to paint, a bit.” 

Hitler blinked. “I…well, yes. I consider myself quite the expert, if I do say so. But why have you come? Are you from the school? You are no one I recognize.” He looked the man up and down, and was struck by how odd he looked with his black cloak and his fuzzy head. It reminded him of something, though he couldn’t quite put a finger on what it was.

“Well, no, not from the school exactly.” The strange man said. “I am…from far away? The others, they have…sealed this time off, yes? So no one else can come. You are rather unpopular, where I come from. Many have sought your life, though we have stopped them all…will have stopped them? You even stopped a few yourself, I think.” 

“Stopped? My life?” Adolf asked, frowning. “I have no recollection of this. Why do they seek to kill me? I have done no wrong to warrant it, at least in memory.”

“Yes, well…it’s all a bit complicated. Harder, too, in German. I cannot explain. Regardless, I was sent here as…an apology. For things that haven’t, and will never happen. For my rudeness, I also apologize. Now was the only time I could come. It was the earliest we could reach before they started coming. Now, I must ask again…would you paint with me?” 

“*Pinsel!*” Hitler exclaimed. “*Ein pinsel*! I knew you looked like something! Yes, Mr. Pinsel, I will paint with you. If only because this is clearly a dream, and I have quite the love of painting.” 

The man smiled. From somewhere within his cloak – where, Hitler couldn’t imagine, as it was rather tight– he withdrew a pair of easels, complete with canvas, paint, and brushes. 

“Very well!” He said. “Let us paint!” 

And so they did. 

The hours fled before their strokes, each of them trying to outdo the other in painting after painting. Hitler was surprised – though this man was clearly not German, he was still very, very good. Better, indeed, than Hitler himself, though he didn’t want to admit it. But never once did he flaunt his superiority. Indeed, he made fun of his own imperfections, laughing and turning them into a beauty the likes of which Hitler had to admire. “There are no mistakes.” He explained. “Merely…accidents. Happy accidents.” 

The man, too, was surprised at Adolf. In the history books, all they ever spoke of was the hatred, the atrocities. The monster. Instead, what he found before him was a man. A man like himself, filled with laughter and art and pain and joy and sorrow. Perhaps that was even more frightening than the beast. 

But soon, the sky outside the window turned from black to gray, and the candle burned low in its stand. 

“Alas, Adolf, our time grows short.” The man said. “I’m afraid I will need to be leaving soon.” 

“Ah! You speak truth, Mr. Pinsel. I forgot the hour! Though I am still not sure whether you were real or not, our time together was quite enjoyable. I hope that you come to visit again. Perhaps there is a thing or two I could learn.” 

“Yes. I think…I think that would be nice.” The cloaked man said, smiling sadly. “Goodbye, Adolf. Good luck with your painting. I hope it brings you much joy, even when times are bleakest.” He offered a hand.

“And you as well, my friend.” Adolf replied. He grasped his hand, and was shocked to find a needle in his palm. At once, Hitler began to fall, only to be caught and dropped gently into bed by the cloaked stranger. 

The man shook his head. “I don’t know if I can call the mistakes you are going to make happy, Adolf, but you deserve the chance to make them. That’s only right.” 

With a whirl of his cloak, Mr. Pinsel was gone, leaving nothing behind but a single canvas and a few drops of paint on the future tyrant’s bedclothes. 
