I'd lived in this city my entire life. Passed this building at least a hundred times a year, and thought it curious that I'd never wondered what it was. I pulled the envelope out of my jacket pocket and verified, for the hundredth time, that I was its intended recipient. I pulled the letter out again. Blank, save the address in front of which I now stood.

As I entered, I was struck by the amount of dust all over everything. Cheap replicas hung on the walls. Most were dusty, but some were cleaned, as if recently replaced. There were a few empty spots, and the thick dust aided in identifying at least their shapes. Like the huge scythe that had clearly been recently taken.

"We recently facilitated the replacement of our old Reaper." The voice scared the shit out of me, and as I spun to meet its owner I tripped over my feet and threw my arms out. I brushed a handle and grabbed it tightly to keep from falling, only to realize my weight was being supported by a sword hanging from a modest rack.

"Ah, no, that one's clearly not for you. It won't budge unless you're meant to take it." I knocked dust off of my clothes as I righted myself, turning more carefully to meet my companion. The man looked 50ish, but exuded this aura of... OLD. He was dressed like what I'd imagine Friar Tuck to wear: loose robe tied with a rope around his waist. His hair was full, though. No weird monk cut.

"I'm the steward. May I see your letter?" He pulled out some glasses and examined it, and sighed.

"Oh... son..." He handed me his glasses and the letter. Through the glasses I saw the silhouette of a spear watermarked onto the paper.

The steward adopted a sullen air, and quietly led me through the building to a rack, and into a room bereft of displays, save one. On it hung a plain looking spear, matching the image hidden on my letter, and absolutely layered in dust.

I grabbed the handle and easily removed the spear from the wall, knocking off literal pounds of dust. It was very well balanced, and felt to be a pretty perfect weight. I didn't know how to use a spear, but I was pretty sure I could fuck something up with this one.

"This spear hasn't been claimed in almost 2,000 years, where it pierced the side of the Christ," the steward choked out, wiping a single solemn tear from the side of his nose.

"You're meant to slay a savior, boy."

(Typed this on my phone, sorry if the formatting is ass.)