We are all robbed of some natural right. Some are robbed of shelter, some are robbed of family. I was robbed of love. Often times there is some faculty greater than ourselves that steals us from these rights. That faculty was my father, the proud emperor. For his conquest, he plunged himself further into the war that his predecessors had begun against the rivaling empire. His father was assassinated when he was but a mere boy of 17 years of age. So he was forced in a position to rule, carrying the expectations of his father's council. It was an age that called for fame and honor. Now, when failure imparted him with the wisdom to yearn peace, he managed to halt the hostilities and in an effort to keep peace he arranged a marriage. I was to marry the other emperor's son. I had heard stories of his beauty, his kindness, and of his intelligence yet the news sank my heart when I had first heard it. I did not imagine the instance I would meet my future husband. There was only one face that left its impression in my mind. 

The face of Cassius. I was in love with him. When I told him that I would be unable to see him again I could see the sadness in his face. He was always sensitive, no matter how much he tried to hide it. The thought of his sadness and the thought of being unable to see him again devastated me. 

But I was forced into this path and voyaging further from the home I had known all my life I began to finally understand the permanence of this decision made in my behalf. I had lost the love of my life and there was nothing I could do about it. 

When I arrived at the foreign capital I was forbidden to see my future husband before my wedding. It was apparently custom there. Aside from my broken heart, I quickly learned that I had to get accustomed to new social rules there. It was this alienation and loneliness that kept my mind occupied but it was the night before my wedding that these feelings of regret overwhelmed me like a storm. They reminded me of my lost love and in a moment of impulse I had done something unthinkable. I left. I tied my silk bed sheets together and climbed down my window. If I were to get caught, I knew that it was be the end of this fragile alliance and consequently the end of my life. As I climbed down, I caught someone staring at me. She was an older girl, climbing down the window of a house nearby. The girl got down and started to walk towards me. 

"Should I run?" I thought. "I can't run away. This girl is blocking my escape." I froze. I did not know what to do. 
"At least I am caught by someone doing the same thing. Perhaps she can help me escape." So I took the risk and approached the girl.

"Hi", I said. "What's your name? My name is-"

"I know who you are. You are the princess, Camilla." The other girl said, smugly. 

"Please don't-"
"I won't tell if you won't tell." The other girl spoke. "My name is Liviana and I can help you get out of here."

I hesitated. Was this a trap? 

"How can I trust you?" I probed her. "Why would you help me?"

"Because where I want to go is where you want to go and farther and I sympathize for you." Liviana replied. 

"Besides, if I wanted to get you caught I would have done it already." 

So we ran. She knew all the allies and safe passages, the patrol patterns of the guards. I soon realized that this girl had planned this. She was thorough and meticulous. 

Having stolen horses from a nearby stables, we eventually made it out of the capital and into the woods. 
“Do you think we should rest?” I asked, exhausted. “It’ll be a long way to-“

“That’s risky. We need to keep going.” Liviana replied, but after seeing how tired I was, changed her mind. “No fireplace. Just the light of our lanterns.” She said. 

We stopped close to a nearby river and there, lying on a tree, I slept. 

I was awoken by a splash of water to the face. The sun had not come up yet but Liviana was insisted on starting to move again. 

I had asked her later that day, why she decided to leave. Her reply was vague but after further questioning I found out that she had killed her husband.

“Why?” I asked. “Did he hurt you? Was he going to hurt you?” I was confused. She did not seem like a bad person. 
“No.” Liviana replied. “He was fine. He did nothing wrong and yet I killed him. I couldn’t tolerate going to bed with him- to bear his children.” 

I was confused. I became guarded when I heard this. Liviana noticed and gave me a bitter glance, quickly diverting her eyes, refusing to make eye contact with me. 

“Whereas I killed a person directly, you are going to lead the death of thousands indirectly.” She stated after a brief moment of silence. It was at this moment that I knew. She was right. My selfishness was going to topple an alliance and spark the war once again. Have I made a mistake? Did I incorrectly choose passion over duty?
 
“I know.” I responded. “I know what I did. These thoughts haunted me up until the night of my escape. It was my father that arranged the marriage, you know and as much as I hated to admit it, he was right. I knew that in my position he would have done the same. Peace for thousands for the abandonment of love.”

“How self-sacrificing.” Liviana replied. 

“Yes” I replied. “And it-“

“I was being sarcastic” Liviana interrupted me. “Are you a tool?” She asked. I shook my head. “Then why is it justified to treat yourself like one? You aren’t born for the purpose to be a sacrifice for some so-called greater purpose. Don’t you have the same right for happiness as everyone else? What makes others be so deserving of their right to freedom over yours.” 

I paused. “Power and responsibility.” I replied. I was defending a position I was not upholding. 

“Do you know what I think? You were forced in a position of sacrifice.” Liviana stated. It was easy for her to make such a conclusion. In my position I had the weight of the lives of thousands on my back and all it took was a moment of impulse- a whim to betray my duties and my father. Yet I couldn’t help but admire her. I admired her conviction, her mentality of absolutes and, and of reminding me of my self-worth but I couldn’t pretend to understand her position and what could compel her to take another life. 

It was a few weeks later, close to the border of Liviana’s home nation that we were caught by some guards. They asked us questions about where we were from. We would lie and I would try to hide my face, afraid that I might be identified. It was when I had heard three of them talking to one another, making glances, and pointing to me that I signaled Liviana.

We needed to run. “I think it is her.” I had heard them mutter. So we turned around and ran, leaving our horses. The guards chased after us. My heart felt like it was bursting out of my chest. “Was this the end I thought?” Liviana, in front of me, grabbed my hand. She had a plan. 

“Go this way” she said. “We have to go around the guard post to make our escape.” But I could hear the guards running towards us, and then, horses. We were never going to make it. 

It was close to an abandoned settlement that we stopped for a moment. Liviana looked at me, for a moment, and said “Hide.” 

“What?” I replied. “No, we have to go. They’ll find us. We have to run. We are so close-“ 

“They’ll catch us.” Liviana replied. “I’ll stall them. I’ll lead them away. Just go. We don’t have time.” She said.
“No. That’s not fair! Why should you sacrifice yours-“ 

“Go!” Liviana shouted. “I choose to do it, Camilla.” 

“Well I choose not to go.” 

“Please.” Liviana insisted. “We are all prisoners… some just have a chance to escape.” She put her hand on my cheek, gave me a warm smile. It was the first time I saw her so vulnerable. 

“I don’t understand…” 

“Prisoners of circumstance. Prisoners of our time…” Liviana said. She kissed me on my cheek, pulled out a dagger she had concealed in her dress and pushed me away. 

I ran and never looked back. It was the last time I saw her. 
