Kyle cringed behind what was left of his living room wall. The ashen sky roiled above, and the chatter of gunfire was punctuated only by the occasional *clang* of metal on metal. Most of the neighbors had made due with whatever household or gardening implement was within reach. It would have been a massacre if it had been the townspeople against the soldiers from the nearby naval base, but it wasn’t some lopsided fight. Everyone was killing everyone indiscriminately.

It had started in the early morning. Kyle had been out for his morning jog, rocking it to NPR. All of the sudden, he saw the elderly widow Wilksborough take a spade to her neighbor Jerry with gleeful abandon. All down the street, similar scenes of violence erupted. Only Jerry’s lawn repair guy seemed unaffected, until a thrown rock knocked off his noise-cancelling headphone sent him into a furor as well. It seemed some sort of auditory madness had gripped the entire community.

Kyle had sprinted home and put Diane and the kids in the basement after giving them all ear plugs. He had replaced NPR with gentle acoustic melodies- while calming, they didn’t exactly match with the apocalypse outside. A Molotov had destroyed much of the living room where he now crouched before he doused it with the garden hose.  Kyle had pistol in hand, and bat within easy reach. He peaked over the piece of wall. A platoon of navy men were marching, and came to a halt on the street.

At their head was- well, a knight was the only way to describe him. He was eight or nine feet tall. Bedecked in crimson armor that reminded Kyle of the Crusades, green eyes rested deep in the darkness of the helmet’s visor. His horse was a fiery red. A massive sword was scaled to his bulky frame, and raised in attack. Wordlessly, the rider lowered his sword at Kyle’s house, and the troops began to march across the lawn. Kyle sucked in a deep breath, and prepared to open fire. He couldn’t take them all, maybe only two, but he could make his last moments count.

A blinding beam of light from the sky bisected Jerry’s lawn, stopping the soldiers in their tracks. When the light dimmed, four more horsemen were in the flower bed. The soldiers immediately opened fire, and Kyle felt a pain explode through his chest, and looked down at a spreading mass of red. He slumped, his view of the new horsemen unimpeded. The bullets all seemed to miss the men. One of the men, bedecked in a sweater, rode to the head of the group and began speaking to the soldiers. Kyle couldn’t hear the words over his pounding heartbeat, but one by one the soldiers stopped firing, but their weapons were still trained on the Sweater Knight. Another, this one whose massive hair seemed almost a helmet, produced a large white rectangle and began painting on it, brushes flashing across the canvas. And one by one, the soldiers lowered their weapons. Kyle’s vision blurred, and everything went black.

An eternity passed, and Kyle stirred. A horse was in his living room, and another man stood over him, deep in concentration. It took him a minute to recognize the hair and beard, as it had been many years since he had seen the man on television. “Are you…. Are you Jim Henson?” The bearded man smiled and said nothing. Wordlessly, he tossed something to Kyle, who caught it. It was a military-grade bullet. Glancing down, his wound was gone.

Staggering outside, he saw the other three riders. The two he had seen speaking he now recognized as Bob Ross and Mr. Rogers, who now stood on either side of the red rider, sword now held in custody of Mrs. Wilksborough, though it was nearly twice her height. A fourth man, younger than the rest and dressed as if for a safari, stood at a base of a maelstrom of birds, spinning faster and faster. He raised his arms, and the maelstrom flew up and out into the sky. Slowly, the ashen skies gave way to their original blue. The younger man looked over at Kyle and smiled, and Kyle choked up. He had loved all these personalities in his youth, and Steve Irwin had always been his favorite.

Kyle looked around, and saw Jim Henson walking towards to Jerry’s house. The neighbors were smiling, and chatting, and Kyle smiled too. He went to go grab Diane and the kids. Maybe the apocalypse was not today. Maybe all they needed was a little wholesomeness.