#My name is Hank, and I'm the Primordial God of Balance. AMA

Before you people from Reddit go all "WTF is this nonsense", I shall tell you who I am and my story. 

I'm writing this in my phone, sitting in one of the benches in the park. This morning I saw a kid indulging in too much ice cream, too happy for his own good, so I made sure he'd have cavities later on. Later on, an old, blind man whose wife had just passed on was grieving, so I gave him a winning lottery ticket. 

Such must be the way of life: Good must be counteracted with Evil, and vice-versa. But enough with trivialities of life; after all, you're not here for a candid tale of everyday life. 

Everything began with the First Universe. When the First Universe was formed, the Primordial Forces came to be. They represented some of the basic concepts, like "Energy" and "Matter". After some billions of years, sentient beings also came to be. And they possess a curious power: they can create something called "religion", which are a set of beliefs and stories (some real, some invented) with powerful beings called "gods". 

Those religions are truly strange concepts. First, if the religion survives for long enough and get enough followers, those gods become sentient beings of their own, with the same powers. 

Second, the universe they came from is divided in two: the original one and another one where all stories become true, even the invented ones, and those gods have an almost supreme rule. Except for one thing: they have no control over Primordial Forces. 

Lastly, those universes can create more and more religions, and everything repeats. Those universes live in a state of superposition, but rarely they overlap (when they do, the phenomenons that arise from are often called "scourges" or "miracles"). Today you can't differentiate the First Universe from its children, but every one of them also have something the gods can't control: the Primordial Forces. 

Well, that's the technical explanation. Now, for my story: from the Primordial Forces, there was one called "Balance". And while there isn't any "Good" or "Evil" in the Primordial Forces, and their concept of "Energy", "Matter" is mostly twisted, most religions have the concept of "Balance" in its true, undiluted form. Thus, over time those Sentient Gods fused with the Primordial Forces and then with one another. And ended up creating the first Primordial God, the only God allowed to live in multiple universes, free from the control of any god. 

So that's my story. My name is Hank, and I'm the only Primordial God. AMA

***

This is the first story I post here. Also, this is actually a throwaway account, made just for the lulz. 