This is the third night in a row I get the same picture. Very little difference in each, at most I'm wearing a different set of PJ's but that **thing** is just sitting there. Watching.

I snap another Polaroid every few minutes, trying to catch where this thing disappears to every night. About two hours later all I catch is a few embarrassing losses on Super Smash Bros. Melee, the thing just sits there; unmoving, without wavering. It never changes in any of the pictures.

I had to go a few days before I could purchase more film, each night was sleepless. I remember each night I would get off the GameCube at 10:30, I'll start there this time.

The first picture I took in the doorway like I have been, nothing really out of the ordinary from the other pictures. 

I snapped another picture every minute until I caught the moment I stood to turn off the game. I took them every few seconds after that.

My younger self turns around and walks towards my old bed, right past the thing sitting on the floor. It turns as I walk next to it, the first movement I've seen it make. 

I get close to where the thing sits and try to snap a picture of it's face but I missed. It's standing now and I took a picture of it's mid section.

It looked... Like a woman.

The next picture I took she was standing over me while I was lying down. I remember feeling restless when I was younger because I felt watched, the realization raised goose bumps and hairs.

I had to sit in my new bed to get a picture of her facing the young me. What I thought was a dark hood was actually hair, it obscured most of her face but it was familiar.

There was a certain look about her face; fondness, concern... Sadness. Another picture at around midnight revealed she was holding my hand as I slept.

I closed my eyes to try and remember ever waking up because someone touched my hand as I slept. The only thing that came though was a gentle melody, a soft hum just out of ear shot, barely noticeable.

I could feel myself drifting off into sleep, god only knew how bad I needed it at this point. The melody was so calming, so relaxing... So familiar...

I knew this tune. My mother used to hum it a long time ago, she stopped humming it after a really bad wreck when I was very young.

"Shh," I heard my mother's gentle hush. "Sleep now and sleep easy."

The last thing I remember before falling asleep is seeing my mother by my bed.

"Were you in my room last night?" I ask my mother the next morning at breakfast.

"No," she says slowly as she looks at me strangely, like someone may have broken into the house. "Did you see someone?"

"No, I," I fumbled as my heart started racing. "It must've been a dream." I said before stuffing more food in my mouth.

I had to try it, everything in my body was telling me I had to do it. I began humming.

"That's a lovely tune," my mother says, "where did you hear it?"