While holding the half-full glass of Sazerac, I reminisced the events that unfolded before me upon my endless journey into this cold barren world where mortal people struggled to survive regardless how knowing their efforts will lead them to nothing but death.

The turbulent of negative feelings deep within me started to rise which I impulsively drank the Sazerac in one go hoping those feelings would go back where it came from or I would become so drunk that I can’t feel those emotions anymore.

Feeling a bit of dizzy after forcing that drink in my throat in one go without savoring its flavor, completely ignoring it as my only reason for drinking is to forget everything that occurred until now.

As I raise my head to look at the barista in front of me who is mixing various drinks elegantly with her fluid movements that charmed me and left me speechless for a few seconds.

I nearly came into a conclusion that she has cast a spell on me to gaze upon her with admiration but the spell was shortly broken after someone sat beside me and ordered a drink.

“Two sazerac please.”

Her sweet and bewitching voice pique that entered my ears piqued my attention.
Turning my head to hers wondering what she is like from someone who had a voice of a siren who charms the sailors from their deaths.

Before my eyes is a young looking woman with green round eyes filled with hope and faith as her blonde hair reached her back which is flowing like a calm sea at the time of summer. I stared at her longer than I realized.

She gave me a nostalgic feeling that she seemed to be familiar to me but no matter how I dig deep in the fragments of my memories I can’t recall meeting her nor seeing her.

As I continuously stare at her the barista placed a sazerac in front of the both of us.

Knowing that I haven’t opened my mouth calling for another drink the charming woman who is beside me talked.

“It’s on me.”

And smiled brightly like an innocent child completely ignorant on how the world we lived in works.

“What is it that you want?”

Her childish smile dissipates after hearing my words and she changed her expression to a calm face in just a second.

“Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800’s?”

I tried asking my partially drunk brain if I met her somewhere or saw her before but it gave me no answers.

“No, who are you?”

Her pleasant demeanor is never changing but at one moment, her eyes twitched a little bit as if she is just pretending to be someone tough as she is hiding all the emotions that dwell within her.

“How could you forget about me? I never forget about you.”

Upon hearing her response I turned my head looking over the state of the people inside the bar who are still lifeless sitting on their own seats drinking whiskey to partially forget their responsibilities and problems in their lives even just a bit.

Nothing suspicious, only people who don’t have the will to live.

“I have never met you and this is the first time I have seen you, tell me did we met before and I just forgot it?”

She took a sip in her glass of sazerac and placed down onto the desk while taking a deep breath.

“We have met before or should I say you are the one who came to meet me and my family.”

I wondered what would be the reason that I met her and her family at that time of the year.

“Specifically it is winter when you came and that day a snowstorm appeared without us expecting it to appear.”
