Mike's uncle was weird.

Uncle was a crazy hoarder out in the country.  He was flithy!  He smelled like and he lived like trash.  The piles of garbage collectibles where everywhere in this creepy cabin.  One of those weird country places which seemed to go on forever, even though the front was narrow.

The tables were covered in old garage sale and auction lots.  A blender here....  a stack of playboy's there....  some weird old sword over there.... a giant comic hammer over yonder.....  A womans massager form the 1800s.... A roman spear....  A customized chainsaw.... All arranged on old kitchen tables.  Mike couldn't even bring himself to touch the stuff, like some olfactory force or survival instict kept him away.

His parents insisted on visiting his uncle after a trip, between college semesters.  Mike wasn't even sure how he was related to this fat old slob, he just knew he had to visit him.

Mike had visited once as a kid.  His parents had visited uncle and Mike was scared to go in.  They all spent the day in the yard playing, drinking warm RC Cola and eating old girl scout cookies.  Not a bad day, but that house was scary!  Mike could feel stuff flying at him from the woods, just to turn around and see nothing.  Or maybe that was a dream....

"Come on in!" Uncle had said "Put your stuff down anywhere!  The place is ready for you!" Uncle had said, like the place had a mind of his own.  Mike kept his bag with him, he feared the piles of garbage would absorb his stuff which he would never get it back.

As he wandered the goat trails, he found old clothes and garbage.  Something caught his eye though, under the dust.

It was like being at a flea market.  Miles and miles of garbage, but one item just called out to you, and you had to have it, even tough it made no sense.  YOU JUST HAVE TO HAVE THAT ONE THING!

Mike's uncle eyed him.  Mike finally put down his bag and walked up to the gun.

"It's a beaut, isn't it!  One of a kind with a lot of history.  Be careful though, it'll blow the back of your head off if you let it!"  Uncle laughed.

With a groan Mike picked up the weapon.  Uncle didn't have to tell him what the dusty thing was, he *knew*.  It was a Carcano Royal Arms Factory Italian Carbine  Modello 91/38 bolt-action rifle with a scope.

Mike knew what he had to do.