I ran to the bathroom.

I couldn't keep it down. I heaved and lost the fancy meal I had planned for two. Damn, I shouldn't have eaten all that, no matter how depressed I was. I mean, I had plenty of warnings when my girlfriend said she'd be there, and the tingle of iron danced across my taste buds. Ah, the irony.

She did come, and promptly told me she was sorry. I hated sorrys, they always tasted like dirt, no one meant them.

"I don't think this will work out." She glanced at the meal I prepared. "I think we're headed in different directions." 

She wasn't lying. Which meant that something had changed. Yesterday she told me she loved me, and it wasn't a lie. She said so many things... but...

"You met someone else." I said firmly.

She seemed startled, "N-no, s-see I've been thinking about this for a while."

Spoiled milk trickled down my throat and m face curled, "Liar."

She looked terrified.

"Who is he? An old crush? some dreamboat you just met?"

She turned away and went for the door. I slammed it shut and she shrieked.

"Tell me," I growled. "This disgusting taste won't go away."

Her throat quivered, and her eyes searched through my madness. My anger abated.

"I've kept you long enough. Leave. Don't come back."

I flung the door open and she stared at the open door like she had forgotten what she was supposed to do with it. It registered that it was her escape and ran to her car.

I rubbed my tongue against my teeth and went for the bathroom. I started brushing when the weight of it all began to settle in. Slowly my brushing slowed until my tears obscured my vision. Weird. I wasn't sad... the taste of salt overwhelmed the minty flavor of my toothpaste.

Depressed, I sat at my table and mindlessly ate my meal.

*how's the date going?* Grace asked via text, *btw when are you going to pop the question? Haven't you been dating for like a year now?*

If my depression wasn't crushing enough...

*I mean, don't most people at BYU-Idaho get hitched in like two weeks?*

I pressed the call button.

"Hey? Whats up?"

"Just... just stop, please."

"Ja-"

I hung up and turned off my phone. I stared at my plate until I heard someone walk in. Ah, I left the door open.

"James." She sounded half as depressed as I felt.

I was grateful she didn’t ask if I was okay. I would have made myself even more sick with the bland taste of that lie. 

“What happened?”

I looked her in those deep blue eyes. Damn, if only those pretty things would have looked at me properly a few years ago.

“She told me we were going separate ways. But I figured out it was that she found another guy or something.”

“Ah, your trusty lie detector.”

I scoffed, “yeah. Trusty.”

Her hand rested on my back, “well. This is a stupid, ridiculous world... and at the end of the day, you’re only human.”

Ah, we caught up. This is the part when I ran to the bathroom and emptied my stomach.

“Dang... want me to get you something.”

“Yeah, tell me some truths.”

“Um, the sky is blue. My favorite color is blue... You’re my best friend-”

“Wait- that tasted bittersweet.”

“Eh, so it’s half true?”

“Yeah.” I stood up and glanced at her. “Wonder why.”

I flushed and brushed, and let her sit in silence. I think I knew what was going on. 

“So you got a new best friend?”

She shook her head slowly. “I don’t think so. You’re pretty much my only friend.”

That checked out. I turned and leaned on the sink. “So if it’s not the ‘best’ part, maybe it’s the friend thing.” I folded my arms and regarded her. “Maybe we’re not friends anymore.”

She shifted like she wanted to get out, but I was blocking the exit. “I don’t... I don’t think that’s it.”

She couldn’t hide her flushed cheeks as I pressed her further.

“Hm, then maybe you’re thinking about me as more than a friend.”

The look she gave me was a mix of emotion. Tiny frustrated tears hung in her eyes, which seemed to ask if she really had to say it. She didn’t, but she was too damn cute, and I was having fun. I learned in, doing the classic pressing her against the wall thing. Damn I was suave... That tasted like... nope. 

“Shouldn’t you wait? Y-you just broke up with your girlfriend-”

I kissed her.

“I don’t care.”

She kissed me back. “Gross, don’t lie.”

“I’ve just been waiting so long.”

Just assume we keep on kissing between talking, okay? I don’t want to write out all that... it’s a bit embarrassing.

“Sorry to keep you waiting. I think I finally noticed after this last girl.”

“She was a-”

“Then why did you stay with her so long?”

“To make you jealous.”

“It worked.”

“I noticed.”

She started laughing, which was a bit disappointing at first, but it was contagious.

She stopped abruptly, “wait, why’d you get sick when I said-”

I touched her lips, “don’t say it again.”

“Yeah, what was that?”

“Well, I guess I’m not human.”