"...uce? Bruce!"

"Uh...oh. Hi."

Sheepish smile. I've practiced.

She's exasperated.

"How do you just drift off like that? Sometimes it's like you're somewhere else entirely. Where on earth do you go?"

Rooftops. The cave. That alley. Anywhere that isn't filled with inane gossip and the socialites that spread it.

"I'm sorry, Vicky. I was thinking about-"

"Skirts, if there's any truth to your reputation."

Ouch.

She's here for an interview but...

She's hurt.

"No! No, I swear. I...I was thinking about all of the opportunities I had as a child, and how far this money will go toward providing a fighting chance for these kids. I'm not sure it's enough. I'm not sure it'll ever be enough."

She didn't expect an eloquent answer. She's shocked. Me too.

"Oh. Wow. I thought...I didn't...I'm sorry. Can I quote you?"

She's smiling. She's placated.

"Of course you can. I'd love to keep chatting, but-"

"Hey Bruce, I'm so sorry to interrupt you, but Alfred said the mayor is looking for you." 

Thank you, Dick.

"We're in the middle of an interview here. Bruce was just starting to tell me about his hopes for the scholarship."

Damn it.

"Well, since I'm the one who gave him the idea, I could answer some questions. I'm a orphan too, y'know."

Confident smile. HE'S practiced.

"That's true, Dick was the ideaman. I think he even went to all of the meetings. Perfect attendance. Can you believe he balanced all that and school? He probably knows what I know, and much more. Now, if you'll excuse me, Miss Vale."

"Great! You know, Miss Vale, Bruce is a great guy, but beneath the surface he's a little boring. Did you know I used to be an acrobat?"

The boy is 17 and he plays the game better than most. Fitting. Was trained to be an entertainer, after all. Speaks loud and well, drawing attention to himself. I'm the only one who really hears him though:

"They're looking at me now. You're welcome, partner."

Owe him one.

"Ah, there you are Bruce! Great party for a good cause. There's another donor I'd like you to meet. This is-"
_______________________

John Wick was a man of focus. His ability to shut out everything but his main objective had served him well throughout his whole professional life. Tonight, that objective was to kill Bruce Wayne.

John wasn't fond of Gotham City. He felt it's underworld lacked subtlety and culture. The criminals here were loud and abrasive, almost like they wanted to be seen and heard. How could they possibly want that, he wondered, when the Bat-Man seemed to be everywhere? John was confident in his abilities, but didn't he wish to have them tested tonight. He dismissed the thought and tried to center himself. Finding Wayne was easy enough. Alert the proper people that he'd be in town, and then make a sizeable donation to an orphan scholarship fund. At least he was doing some good tonight, those kids deserve something better than...he caught himself. John had been letting his mind wander. He was usually more calm than this while on a job. Something had him out of sorts tonight. Was it Gotham? Was it the ease of finding his target? Something felt very strange.

As John's mind came back to the matter at hand, he found himself staring his assignment in the face.

"...donor I'd like you to meet. This is John Wick. John, this is our gracious host, Bruce Wayne."

John's face showed his surprise, but only for a second. He never thought he'd actually meet Bruce Wayne. Extending a smile and a hand he said,

"It's nice to meet you. You have a lovely home. Thanks for having me."

Wayne extended his own hand, and his grip was firm, much more so than John expected a playboy's to be.

"The pleasure is all mine. Anyone who's interested in working toward a better future for Gotham's youth is welcome in my home."

Wayne smiled warmly. He was used to  this kind of talk, these kinds of people. The better things. Apparently his tragic childhood hadn't taken that much of toll. Must be easier to stomach when you've got a literal billion dollars.

"Forgive me, Mr. Wick, but I usually know all my guests, if not personally then certainly by reputation. I've...never heard of you."

"Well, I'm-"

"John worked security for some big wigs over the years and is now a consultant. He's here to, well, consult for me. You know you can never be too careful in Gotham, Bruce."

Having the mayor provide a backstory wasn't what John intended, but it worked all the same. The less he interacted with Wayne the better.

"Yes, I'm here...consulting. Mayor Kroll told me about tonight's fundraiser and it sounded like a good cause."

Wayne was staring at him hard. Thinking. Analyzing. Could he have misjudged him? Was there more to him than well meaning playboy?

"BRUCIEEE!"

The shrill voice came from behind John. A short blonde woman ran between them and tried to tackle Wayne, nearly knocking him over.

"Brucie, why don't you call me back?! I miss you so! Maybe we can talk about it over a drink??"

The girl.

"Oh! Cindy! I, uh, didn't see you there..."

Wayne had been staring at the girl.

"Of COURSE you didn't! Your awful butler wouldn't let me near you! I had to lose him so I could try to get lost with you."

"You'll have to excuse me, gentlemen. Another...colleague needs my immeadiate attention. Thanks for coming tonight."

John silently chided himself. He almost believed Wayne was more than a rich fool for a second.

"Sorry about that John. He's quite the busy fellow, if you know what I mean. Um...why are you here tonight, if you don't mind me asking? Are you...working?"

"Yes."

The mayor's face lost it's color, like most did when they knew what John did for a living.

"Is...is it me? I've always been faithful! I've never missed a payment, never been anything less than respectful. Am I the job?!"

His fear was making him loud, and John had already had his fill of attention for the night. He needed him quiet.

"No, you're not the job."

"Who...who is?"

They always asked him when they were in the clear. John wasn't sure why.

"You know I can't tell you. There're rules, and one of them is that we're done talking about work."

John's tone was enough to convince him. He had had enough conversation this evening. With a renewed sense of purpose, he steeled himself for what the night had in store.

End of part 1