Pale white men dashing rampant across unfamiliar streets. A blonde woman looks onto me and screams in a tongue foreign to mine. The ground shakes and trembles to the repeated footsteps of 6 billion human creatures stomping away in unison. It's like the beginning of a low budget zombie apocalypse movie, with every blink I see a new image of horror taking in its glorious moments in the frame.

I am pushed to my knees by the running crowds and I hurriedly scramble for my glasses, but they are not there. I reach to my face but my nose is not bearing the weight of blunt plastic and layers of glass. I suddenly realize I do not them as I can see vividly without. My moment of epiphany is interrupted by another nudge that puts me closer to a pool of fresh crimson blood shimmering in the midday summer heat, and in that glazed surface I see my reflection, of a face that is not mine. I stand up as sweat trickles down from my collar bone to my pelvis only to hear the deafening cacophony of thousands of people screaming at once. I look up only to see the Santa Maria Del Fiore (a famous construction of the Renaissance age), even in the dreaded moment, it is a thing of beauty. 

Last thing I remember before the after mentioned screams of horror, is running from my car to my house in my calm, uneventful British town of Bath. I had lived there almost all my life and the blackout that happened 3 years ago was the most important event in the town's recent history. I cannot remember how I woke up in the harbor of the Renaissance, Florence. To my dismay, everyone around me in a kilometre radius is as appalled as I am, some more than others. I watch them attempt pitiful ways to communicate only to be misunderstood as each was speaking a different language. It takes little time for the inevitable to happen, the realization that all consequences have been rendered obsolete, that everything is for the taking. Cars begging to be stolen, stores anticipating the pillaging, and the women vulnerable to the plunder. No law, no punishment, it is a dream come true to our inner most subconscious instinct embedded into our human fiber. It takes a little push to turn a shaved ape into his true prehistoric undomesticated chimpanzee form. Even chimpanzees would shudder as they witness what I witness. A popular apocalyptic concept I always thought to be overestimated but was apparently undermined as I realize no movie could express the real shrieks of women screaming for help, the blood trails painting the earth, the humane character terminated. 

I wasn't going to let this opportunity be left behind. I pick up a large stone, bash the person ahead of stealing a Ferrari Testerossa left on a narrow street, break into the car myself, wipe his blood of my pale white shirt, and put my foot down all the way. Bodies fly off either side the car as I ram into them 100 Km/h, I watch them try to aviate mid-air only to meet the cold unforgiving ground beneath them. In a few seconds I leave behind tens of bodies, most only bearing little resemblance to their former shape. I could feel a man's skull crushed as I take in my time, savouring the precious seconds to roll my front wheel over his forehead. The wheel reaches its pinnacle, comes to an abrupt stop, and then meets the ground once again through the man's brain as it becomes a liquid cast on the asphalt. 

"Well" I think to myself "when in Rome...or Florence for that matter."
