In the earliest days of mankind they lived in darkness, they just lived. There was no technology, no understanding, hell, not even fire. From the sullen Kingdom of Heaven, I, along with the rest of God's first set of forgotten children watched these poor creatures wander aimlessly. That was the way it went it seemed. God would get bored and create. I suppose when you have limitless power and can do whatever you want you get bored easily. It happened several times. She first created The Heavens a place of her own comfort among the cosmos, a rest stop in an endless sea of darkness. She saw it was good but realized She wanted more. So she sought to inhabit heaven with her "prized" creation, us, the angels, Her first children. She created us with precision and care. We are magnificent if I do say so myself. Maybe that's why i take it all so personally. I was The First of my kind. Gods trophy, Her Confidante, Her Right Hand. Then in an instant, She left us, She slowly faded off into the abyss returning less and less. I did everything i could do to retain Her graces but, i could see it as clear as day Her boredom soon turned to a cold indifference. In Her absence I consoled my younger brothers and sisters who all wondered what we had done wrong, where we lost Her love. One day God returned after a long absence, She told me of her intentions to create a new world where she could try her hand at new creations. Not just new landscapes, but, new creatures, new conscious beings. A place She could watch from the heavens. It happened in an instant! As i watched from the side of the high throne in which She sat a sphere materialized in her hand, she held it up ever so lightly and gently blew. It was magnificent. The little ball lifted into the air and slowly started coming alive the greens the blues the brightest of reds the deepest of purples, and then, the most amazing thing happened creatures of all kinds started spreading across this pale blue dot on its lush green fields in its barren deserts and high tree tops there were even creatures swimming in its oceans. God stared at this new world and I could tell she was contemplating what was missing and then as if She knew it all along there they were Her Second Children. Funny little creatures, scared of everything not knowing who or why they were scampering around aimlessly. She waved her hand and the new world floated off into space with a snap of Her fingers She gave them a sun. I watched for a time I'm honestly not sure how long. These poor "humans" as She called them, made in Her image, were left cold, alone, helpless. How could She do this? They were "made in *HER* image" and She just left them just as quickly as She made them. She again got bored, left to the ends of space and time to make new worlds far away, new children to be left alone. Were we going to be left for good? Who knows, I can only guess She does. I yearned for more, to be loved and payed attention to. To know Her love again, to see the admiration in Her eyes, to hear Her sweet voice! If i wanted these things imagine how those poor humans felt. To never know their makers presence, to never have been in Her home. For the first time in my existence I wept. I wept for my kin, but, mostly I wept for the Humans. The next time God returned i begged her to let me watch over the Humans to let me study them. She agreed under the condition that i did not interfere. I reluctantly agreed. I prepared myself and asked my brothers and sisters if any would like to go with me to visit the new world. Several agreed we, the sons of God went to watch over the children of Earth. 

Please please please give me any feed back! This is part one and my very first prompt. I haven't written in years and I figured after lurking for a long time this would be a good place to start. I'm thinking there will be 2 or 3 more parts to this if you all like it. 