The moment she is here I know. Cold hands press into my face leeching the pain from my body and I struggle weakly. “Please” I whisper, “ just let them take me already.” Her hands press hard against my temple and all I can see is blinding white light searing through my soul and... and her face. She’s crying. 
I haven’t seen her cry since the first night she appeared here in my dark oblique. Appearing softly another shadow in the room. After they brought me back there from another... lesson, I could see her clearly a glowing ethereal apparition. And the tears streaming down her face as she looked down on my pitiful form broken bloody and bruised in a heap on the floor. 
That was the first time she took away my pain, her cold hands pressed to my face. The shadows curling writhing at the edge of her light waiting for a moments weakness in her defense to come in and drag my tattered soul and mind away. But every night she shows up. 
“Why?” I sobbed my breathing labored. 
She carded her cold elegant fingers through my hair dirty grimy unwashed. Unwillingly my heart and my breathing slowed down as she cradled my broken filthy body in her arms. The air in the oblique was heavy with silence and the copper scent of my blood thick.
“It doesn’t matter what you do. At the rate they’re going I’ll be dead in a couple of days.”
Her hands stop. The shadows dancing for my death stop. The moon stood poised at the mouth of my prison and the universe held its breathe, the pressure beating a rhythm into my skull. 
 She grabs my chin sharply turning my face towards her still streaked with tears but suddenly angry. Determined. Her lips part and the first word she has ever uttered to me strikes , “No.”  I slowly blink unsure as a wicked smile stretches across her angelic features and wings burst from her shoulder blades magnificent and burning my eyes.
“Fuck destiny, I’m getting you out of here.”
Then. Then we are flying through the bottle neck of my prison into fresh air that I have not breathed for nearly ten years. The moon shines brightly on the city below us as we move farther away.
The landscape zips past us and soon we are above a forest vast and silver.  She alights before a cabin hidden in the trees and the moment my feet hit the soft grass I realize how badly I am trembling as she fully supports my weight. Tears are streaming down my face and I’m struggling to breathe.
“ I have you now my treasure please do not cry” her voice said soft and comforting wrapping around my soul. 
“You are mine and I will no longer fail to protect you.” 
I press my lips painfully aware of their chapped bloody state against her soft cheek before I slipped into darkness as she carried me in her arms through the threshold unaware of what would come next.
————————————-
Thank you for reading! This is my first prompt I’ve ever done so please leave feedback and tell me how you like it!