It was Balthasar the Brilliant's first night in the Kingdom of Igok, and he had to admit, he was rather enjoying himself. He'd never even heard of the Kingdom before, never seen it on a map, and yet he already felt at home. He'd been travelling through the mountain-pass, when he'd seen it sparkling like a golden jewel below him. A splendid valley kingdom, certainly worth visiting, he'd thought, if just for a night. 

Now, looking around, he was sure he'd been correct to do so. Maybe he'd stay more than a night, if this first one went well. The tavern he'd entered was packed to the rafters with patrons. A lute player was plucking and singing tales of dragons, and a fire was crackling in accompaniment. Balthasar took a deep breath through his nose, enjoying the scent of stale booze, if not so much the even staler piss. He had not been to such a prosperous place in a long, long time. He'd do a few tricks, make a little money, and then join in with the drinking himself.

Balthasar scanned the room looking for the most likely candidates, to be first impressed, and then willing to give coin for their amazement. It shouldn't be hard. Few towns he visited had seen magicians of his skill before, and this place wasn't likely to be different.

 It didn't take him long to find his marks. 

"Good evening, ladies," he said to a group consisting of three inebriated middle-aged buxom brunettes, as he slicked back his black hair. 

"Good evening," crooned the tallest of the women in reply, giving him a wide smile. "And who might you be, Sir?"

"Balthasar the Brilliant," said Balthasar the Brilliant. "But you can call me Baz. I am a travelling wizard who has arrived at this here tavern to win both hearts and minds." And wallets, he wanted to say, but caught his tongue in time.

The woman frowned. "I, too, practice the magical arts. And I must admit I'm quite interested to see what you can do." 

Balthasar winced. He didn't need someone else who was in on his tricks. They might give the game away. Ah, what the heck, he'd try anyway.

"Well, for my first feat, I had planned on defying the hands of time, and making you all five years younger." He leaned forward and turned his voice down to a seductive whisper, "But if I did that to you, they'd throw you out for being too young to drink here."

The woman laughed, but her friends remained stone faced. 

Balthasar stepped back. "Instead, I am going to show you all a little magic with this golden crown." He held a circular coin between thumb and index finger. The women's eyes watched in semi-excitement as he squeezed his fingers together, the coin vanishing complete.

He had expected a clap. A cheer, maybe. A house number, if he was lucky. But they all just stared at him. Eyes wide as if in disbelief. 

The woman who claimed to practice magic let her mouth drop open.

"Are you alright?" Balthasar asked.

No response.

"Lady?"

Silence.

The trick was good, but it wasn't *that* good. It was a warm up, really. Not meant to end the night but rather to start it. Had these folks never seen magic before?

"I'm just, uh, going to step away for a moment," said Balthasar. "Give you all a little time to recover from the shock. I'll, uh, I'll come back and maybe show you something a little less explosive later. Okay?"

Still silence. Just eyes following his every move.

"Okay," he said, walking away and sucking in a long breath. "*Weirdos.*"

Card tricks, he thought. That would be the ticket! He took out a deck from his robe pocket and sauntered off to a group of men. 

He hadn't expected one of them to faint when he had produced the missing ace.

In fact, every trick he did, no matter how grand or how lowly, was received as if it were a miracle. This was *it*, he decided. These people thought he was the dog's bollocks. He could have his own show here. Pack out the theatre every Saturday night, maybe even have his own assistant.  How lucky it was, he'd stumbled upon Igok!

Then, it happened.

Something was thrown over his head, engulfing him in darkness. "Ey, what's your game!" he shouted, his words muffled by the burlap sack.

"His hands!" hissed a voice. "Bind them, before he destroys the entire city. Better do his feet too, just in case." Then, a bump on his head, and darkness.

---


Balthasar awoke to blurry candlelight. His head spun and his body was cold. He looked down to see he was completely naked and tied up by huge iron chains. Must have had a good night, he figured. Hell of a night. Then, when a man's voice disturbed him, he wasn't so sure it had been.

"Oh great wizard, we have been waiting for someone like you. How fortuitous your arrival! What serendipity the Gods have provided!" 

A hazy figure came into focus. Two more figures at its side. One looked like a stocky, heavily bearded... *dwarf*. And the other, a beautiful woman with swirling blue eyes, who had pointed ears and for all the world looked like a... No. Impossible. Fancy dress.

The man who was speaking wore a crown of gold, with great green jewels encrusting it. 

"You've... been waiting for me?" said Balthasar, still in a daze.

"Yes," said the King. "You are, as I'm sure you know, the most powerful wizard that has ever found his way into our Kingdom. What great luck for both of us!"

"Well, I am pretty good," said Balthasar, allowing himself a smile. Maybe he wasn't in trouble after all.

"That of course, is why we have restrained you. Not one patron and the Flute and Owl felt your magic as you used it. You're dangerous."

"Only after a few pints." He stuck his tongue out and considered. "What is it you want of me, exactly?"

The King drew a long breath. "The Ice Queen's fingers have stretched far across the land, and those that have not yet been killed in war have been sent to work in the Ice Mines. But thankfully, the Ice Queen has not reached the warmth of Irok. Not yet."

"The Ice Queen? Not heard of her? Where does she perform?"

"You have a simple choice, mighty wizard. I have put together a band of elite warriors for you to lead. They are to my side. You are to be the third and final member. You shall travel to the Ice Kingdom itself. You will free the slaves, returning them to their homes. And, if possible, defeat the Ice Queen herself, melting her kingdom forever with your great magic. There will, of course, be mountainous heaps of treasure for you as a reward."

What was going on? Had someone slipped him something in the tavern? Did these people really think he could perform actual magic? Were they lunatics? "Uh... And the other option?"

"The gallows, at noon," said the King with a jolly smile. "That would also be quite a show."

He didn't consider for long: he'd never been much of a swinger, and mountainous heaps of treasure did have a certain ring to it. He'd join the party, then either abscond when the chance arose, or try to find whatever treasure there was without being killed or found out. "Well I guess it's settled," he said. "Where do I sign up?" 














