I put down the phone, shaken to the core. Time travel was possible, I was witness to that. I swore an oath then and there, that I would make my future self proud, by learning all I could about myself, about the world, and condense all of that into 30 seconds.

*Four years, 365 days, 23 later*
I had a sneaking suspicion that there was something important I had to do tomorrow, an anxiety I couldn't quite explain. Then I remembered.

FUCK.

I hadn't done anything I planned. Future me would be fucking pissed. Or rather, Present Me would be (is) pissed? At the moment,  I didn't care. I vaguely recalled the hour I received that call: it had been noon, at least I think it was. No, it definitely was. I checked my watch. 11AM.

SHIT.

Wait a minute: if it's time travel, do I have to call at the same time? At that moment, my brain decided to give out, and I followed my gut instinct, all I had left. 

I picked up the phone, and realized I had forgotten my old phone number.

FUCKSHITFUCK

I had less than thirty minutes to remember or find it, and less than that to think of something useful or profound. Rummaging through old moving boxes, I finally found my address book. Right there on the back of the front cover was my name, the address of my childhood home, and my old phone number.

I entered the number, and spent the remaining 10 minutes scrounging my brain for something, anything to say to him (me?). As before, my brain refused to work.

Finally, the time had come. I hit dial. I (he?) picked up on the second ring, and asked, "Hello?". The memory of that call came flooding back, and like a record, I pronounced:
"In 5 years, you will have 30 seconds to talk to YOU, right now. Make sure you has something good to say, because I'm stumped."

I hit End Call, that was that. I sat there for what seemed like an eternity, contemplating what I had done. Had I created an infinite time loop. Had he? How many times had I, had we done this? Does that mean anything, or will I keep living my life, he'll keep living his?

Finally, I came to the logical conclusion of that train of thought: whatever. It was over, no point in thinking about it anymore. 

I realized I hadn't eaten since yesterday. All of that tension had made me real hungry.