  "One minute to normal space, sir."  
  
  I barely even registered the lieutenant's warning. Everything around me
seemed unreal. After twenty years I was finally coming home.  
  
  Home to a place I used to fight for, until the moment they decided they don't
need me any longer. We've all seen those homeless vets on our streets, but we
never even considered we'd one day end up like them.  
  
  But, come to think of it, I didn't ever imagine being sold to aliens either.  
  
  "Three, two, one, mark!"  
  
  The whirl of colours behind the window dispersed, leaving behind a star-filled
blackness. A thumb-sized circle of brown and orange was visible in the distance.  
  
  "Transit complete. We're near the gas giant, just like we planned, sir." said
the lieutenant. He seemed more excited than usual. Did he know this was my home?  
  
  "Deploy scanner probes. I want to know what's going on in the inner system
before we move in." I replied.  
  
  A few minutes passed before probes got to their target locations. Finally,
the tactical officer started reporting.  
  
  "We're detecting some transmissions, sir. Weak radio signals from the surface
of the third planet. A lot of leaking transmissions from orbital objects. Mostly
satellites, but I'm detecting about a dozen small habitable stations."  
  
  A dozen? They've sure been busy. I guess they did put to work that tech they
got for selling me out.  
  
  "Anything else?" I asked.  
  
  "Low amounts of data traffic between the planet and its natural satellite.
There might also be someone talking on the fourth planet, but it's difficult
to say for sure from this location."  
  
  I turned to the communications officer.  
  
  "See if you can decode some of those surface transmissions. Run them against
the primitive audio and video encoding techniques in the imperial database."  
  
  I was eager to get some local information source. We started sifting through
the data. Decoding it was no problem for the ship's computer. There were dozens
of Earth video algorithms stored in the database, and those signals that didn't
match were figured out in minutes. The difficult thing was to actually sort
through all different data streams to find a news source. First we got a family
movie, then some nature documentary, then another dozen of soap operas, shopping
channels and tons of commercials. I felt at home already. Thousands of channels
and nothing worth watching.  
  
  Until something got my attention. A documentary about a war with aliens.  
  
  "... and six years later the newly formed International Space Agency began
the construction of a successor to the destroyed ISS - Earth Station 1. Using
the technology retrieved from alien ships, the ES1 is bigger than we could ever
imagine a decade or two ago. Home to a permanent crew of over a thousand people,
it is ..." The narrator continued, while images of a station looking like
something out of science fiction slowly moved on the screen.  
  
  "Has this system been a raid target before?"  
  
  The tactical officer searched through the ships archives.  
  
  "No, sir. At least not by us."  
  
  Strange. It was rarely heard of for another civilization to attempt a raid
on imperial territories. Perhaps they were emboldened by the Empire's focus
on the opposite quadrant of space. We'll have to find out who they were and deal
with them appropriately.  
  
  I returned to the data streams. The comms officer finally found a news
channel.  
  
  "On the tenth anniversary of Unification, the President declared his continued
support towards the >One Nation< initiative. Ever since the global food
transportation network was established, the hunger-related death count has been
reduced by over 90%. Emergency services can now reach any place on the planet
within minutes, regardless of the weather or road conditions. The global
universal healthcare system is already operational in most of the countries
and the global education program is about to begin."  
  
  I couldn't believe it. I kept watching and the more I heard the less possible
it seemed.  
  
  Several years after I was taken, Earth was attacked by a group of alien ships.
At first, they only sent small groups of shuttles with scouting parties,
kidnapping small groups of people. When they encountered no resistance, they
sent their entire fleet in a show of force. They thought those primitive humans
would cower in fear and surrender the entire planet to their whim.  
  
  Instead, they waited until the aliens got close enough. The antigrav
technology they got for me allowed them to build weapons capable of hitting any
target on the planet - or in orbit - within minutes. Alien ships crash-landed
before they could leave.  
  
  Survivors were taken prisoner and interrogated. Most of their tech was taken
apart in an effort to reverse-engineer it. Humans were still only beginning
to understand what they were looking at, but they were learning quickly. Already
they managed to reproduce the compact gravity plating on the ships and put it
on their space stations instead of using the acquired antigravs for the same
purpose. Another decade or two and they could possibly start to explore nearby
interstellar space.  
  
  But that wasn't nearly as disturbing as the Unification. I fully expected
the people would panic after an alien attack. Instead, they decided to come
together. Within two years of the attack, they created a global governing body
to coordinate the creation of defensive measures in case of another attack. When
none came, they didn't overreact with full militarisation, instead choosing
to focus on solving their internal problems. They expanded international space
exploration efforts and soon for every new space based military asset there were
two or three new automated research satellites, even slowly constructed giant
space stations. There was a permanent settlement on the Moon and a manned
research outpost on Mars. Humanity was finally united.  
  
  And I came here to destroy it all.