“Life, ya’ fruit, took you long enough.”
He came walking up the black steps with legs ancient and frail. He still had that air of nobility about him; he tried to keep his head up but I’ll be damned if his neck doesn’t snap in two from the weight. That dusty old brain of his, even upon his final hour it won’t quit. Even in the black aura of what was once the universe, that ridiculous white flowing toga of his shined on. He looked at me, smiling, as always. He said, “You know I wouldn’t want to keep you waiting.”
“Bullshit,” I rasp. “You and I know how long I’ve been waiting for this.”
He chuckles. I keep silent. “Well, let’s begin.”
As he reaches the last step, he produces a cloud of billowy white smoke and pulls out an expensive looking brown bottle. He looks at it like it’s his child, young and untouched by external evils. “Been waiting for eons to have this.”
“What is it?”
“Oh, Death. You and your questions.”
“I’ll cut you down before you open it if you don’t tell me. You seem to forget who’s in charge now.” 
He just laughed. “You always were a bat outta Hell. But then again, not even Old Scratch could keep up with you.” 
“What can I say? I had the best work ethic in the whole damn universe.”
“We both did, old man. We both did.”
I rolled my eyes; he and his sentimentality always perplexed me. He kept cradling the thing, its contents sloshing about whenever his body shook from age. “Well,” I started, “you gonna drink the damn thing?”
“What’s this? Death is giving me a last meal? Didn’t think you were one to adopt human traditions,” teased Life.  
I shrugged. “It grew on me. Right up to the end. Now drink up.”
He smiled (again, dammit) for the second time and popped open the virgin bottle. He slowly lifted it to his lips and took a swig. He swished around and swallowed.
“Well?” I asked.
“Bless the Irish.”
“The Irish?”
He handed me the bottle, and I drank from it. I nearly spat it out. “Guinness?? Fucking Guinness?”
He laughed. “Hey, it’s good! Last bottle of liquor in existence.”
I looked at the bottle. I then heard him say, “Wanna help me finish it?” Before he could finish it, I had taken another large gulp of it. “Well, better to go out drunk, eh?”
He just kept smiling. “I believe you shared that very philosophy with some of your more… willing customers.”
I handed the bottle back to him. “I drank by all of their sides. Everyone of them. Even the ones who didn’t take the way of the glass rocket.”
“Now, what’s this? The grim reaper being sentimental? I believe you called me, oh, what was it… ah yes, a ‘meatbag-loving faggot’ for being the same way.”
“Hey, now, in the beginning, you and I were young and brash. Don’t fuckin’ forget your own mistakes.”
 “Yes, yes. I never forget my own miscalculations-“
“Miscalculations? Motherfucker, I had been swamped since the black death! Believe it or not, this shit was easier BEFORE you created those rats!”
“Oh, fine, fine. So what? We still did our job, didn’t we?”
“… I suppose.”
We traded the bottle back and forth, drinking and chatting about our greatest moments and biggest failures. It had been a long fucking time since we had actually had a civil discussion. I gave him shit for Hitler, he berated me for my over-reliance on terrorism near the end. However, we both agreed that we had done the best job we could’ve done, regardless of circumstance or our feelings towards the job.
Suddenly, a great ringing sounded out. I looked to the bottle, and noticed that not only had it been emptied, but a hand of bone held it. I looked to the dusted skeleton before me. Even without his face, he still smiled. 
“Well, old friend,” the skull rattled under its stringy white hair, “it seems we’ve drunken our drink.” 
I looked him over. “I suppose so. Know how this works?”
“Of course. I’ve seen all my children go past this last step, ever since the beginning.”
I sighed. “Alright. Let us begin.” I raised my left hand and spoke, in a thundering bellow, “do you, Life, accept your fate?”
“… I do.”
“Do you understand you can never return to… well, what was the world of the living once you have passed the veil?”
“I do.” The old man was crying. As was I. My co-worker, my equal, my friend, was about to give in to the natural order of it all. 
“I, Death, hereby condemn you to the black. Go forth…”
He looked at me with tearful black holes, no less emotive then we first met.
“Go forth… brother.”
“Thank you.” 
And in that instant, his remains fell into the void. And I wept for him, alone at the last step.

Note: I understand that this is similar to /u/Nordic_Nonsense and her piece which I had not read until after this was complete, but I hope this will be seen as its own and not an unintentional bastardization. I insist that any similarities are pure coincidence.