The cat wandered in again, as it has for the last few nights. It was the same one. Fat, and brown and grey with spots of black and cleft lip. We'd started calling him Haremaw to play, but the grown ups took that up soon themselves and they said that with reverence. We scowled at the thing and gave it a bit of dried fish in hopes it would go away.

Cats, grandfather said, were not to be trusted. They were kin to the genie and those devils were enemies of men. Life was too frail to tolerate what we could not trust, he said.

A long time ago we had magic and genies and curiosities nearly boundless, and we destroyed them as men do. But you cannot destroy a genie or its lamp, its home and cage and place of power. So while everything crumbled to dust the lamps remained in the ruins, untouched.

One day, the cat wandered into the ruin as cats do, and it found the lamp. It rubbed its side across it in passing once, twice, and three times to ease itself. And the genie sprang forth.

In a formless mist, the genie hovered above the cat. Genies are vain and and wish to be held in awe. The cat just stared.

You have summoned me, creature, state your first wish. You shall have three, as is your due. But the cat did not speak. It stared with great grey eyes.

Animal filth, cried the genie, you will say your wish or you will have nothing at all. The cat rubbed its head across the lamp to scratching some itch, and the genie understood. The cat wished for scratches, and so the genie gave himself hands, and arms to move them and to scratch the cat. Your first wish is granted, said the genie.

But when the genie moved to scratch the cat it swiped at him and the genie pulled away. Awful creature, said the prideful genie, base animal, you know not what you want. State it twice more and be gone from me. The cat only watched again with great grey eyes.

It walked some distance away and rubbed its side across a bit of rubble and again the genie understood. He gave himself legs for the cat to rub against, and a chest to connect them to its arms and only his head was still mist. At this the cat stalked closer again, still staring.

Finally, the genie understood. With the cats third wish he made himself flesh, and he scratched the cats head and the cat rubbed its body against his legs and the cat padded away. It looked back only once. The genie was as man and he picked up his lamp and he followed the cat from the ruin.

Grandfather said the genie still follows the cat, and so trouble always comes in their wake and those who take to them are not to be believed. Haremaw left them again, with knots in their bellies. Who could tell what would follow.