"I am Ravonne the Infinite, master of magic so powerful it neutralizes all other magic for those in my presence! Do you really expect to defeat me with that..." I squint my eyes. "...makeshift mana cannon of yours?"

"I don't need magic." she said, "I have gasoline."

The hell is gasoline? 

She flicks a small switch near the grip of the trash heap she's holding, and a small fire awakens near the tip, suspended on a bent rod in front of the opening in the barrel. Clearly, she does not know the extent of my power. I pluck a string in the Mana Fabric, sending a ripple that will disrupt everything magical within 15 kilometers.

It does absolutely nothing. 

Which sucks, because I really don't want to have to kill her, given the fact that I'm an absolute disaster lesbian.

Whatever. I'm not planning on being reduced to a pile of bones because this... rather attractive lady wants some cash to pay rent.

So I raise my hand. The coldest reaches of earth bend to my will as the air freezes to solid crystals and liquid hydrogen in my hand. The very icecaps recede, as the sheer amount of energy required to cool my hand and the air around it to this near absolute zero temperature is truly immense. A bolt of hyper\-cooled air extends in my grasp, ready to pierce and freeze this foe.

And then I'm reduced to a pile of bones. Her fire engulfs my body, stripping away the flesh from my skeleton. 

Funny thing about Genies, they're absolute dickheads. I asked for immortality, not to be an eternal pile of bones.

"Well, that was a waste of time. So much for the whole immortality thing."

Before I even process the fact that I need to scream for her to at least take my bones so I'm not stuck in here for all of eternity, she's gone. I never bothered to learn recovery spells, because I figured being immortal meant that, like, your body was immortal too. So much for that. I'm just some talking brain in a charred skull now. My magic allows me to see, hear, smell, and speak without body parts, but not to move anything the size of my bones. You need arms for a lot more things than you realize when you have them.

But suddenly, the door opens again. Could this be my saviour? A man steps in.

He's the guy who ran out last night as soon as I even made a spark with my hands.

He sees my bones on the floor, and appears to be in shock that someone killed me before him. 

"Hey, dickhead! Fuck you!" I yell at him. I am more than willing to wait on literally anyone else to come scoop up my bones and put them in a moldy sack. I do not want to be stuck with *this* guy.

"Woah, you're alive!" He responds in his doofy\-ass voice. Something about his voice makes me deeply angry. It's a shame all of the offensive spells only function with arms.

"Fuck off! Go somewhere else!" 

"Wait, what powers do you still have then?"

"I can strike you down right now with... a... thunder snap!" For as powerful a witch as I am, I am a terrible liar. "I also still can cancel out all magic! Imagine the power I have and run away!"

"Wait, that means that I will be immune to magic if I have you!"

"N\-no, fuck you!"

So he finds a sack and sticks my bones in it. Luckily for me, he sticks all of my bones in there, so at least I might have a chance to rebuild this body and tear that genie in half. I just need to learn a restoration spell that doesn't involve arms.

"If you're gonna kidnap me, at least give me a fucking book to read!" I say. "Give me the third book on the second shelf of the bookcase to your right."

"Only if you ask nicely!"

"Fuck you."

A long silence passes.

"fine. please give me the book."

He starts walking towards his *left*. 

After a little bit of trial and error (heavy emphasis on *error*), he finally chucks the *right* book into the sack with me. Luckily, I can at least turn a damn page without my arms. So I cast a light and view the book. I chose this one because I remember getting it, looking at all of the restoration spells, and putting it away and never reading it. 

So I read (with difficulty) for a while. Restoration spells are actually more interesting than I thought. However, all of them require arms. Every single last one of them except for one.   
"To preform the Unfortunate's Recovery Spell, you must do the following:

Channel thermal energy,

Have most of your bones present,

Be in the presence of a large body of water,

Be in the presence of enough nutrients to sustain your form (via food, a carcass, etc),

and Expose yourself to the original source of your condition (person, machine, etc)."

Well shit, looks like I'm going to have to trick this guy into finding, fighting, and being killed by that chick. This is not going to be fun.