It smells damp in here. The one light that works in my cell is.. dim. The temperature is always cold for some reason. The bright side is I don’t have to share a cell with anyone. It’s just me and these grey, stone walls for me to stare at and get lost in. I even have my own toilet, which is more than I had when I lived in that old, cheap apartment with the shared bathrooms. The orange jumpsuit they gave me isn’t uncomfortable, but it is a little big. I’ve never really liked polyester to be honest, and having to wear only this gets agonizing. They shaved my head bald, and being the tall, pale man I am, I look like the perfect fit for some anti-Semitic, white pride group. What they don’t know is I’m actually part Hispanic.. man I hope I don’t have to join a prison gang. A few years ago, National Geographic came out with a documentary about the most extreme prison gangs.. People that sling dope and murder from prison. Absolutely gruesome stuff. Then again.. after what they say I’ve done, how can I tell myself too good for that lifestyle? What I did was— 
*riiinnngggg*  

“Alright prisoners, time for chow!” One of the prison guards said. My door opened, and so did the cell across from mine, holding a bald, giant of a man. He was Russian apparently, and was only here for a few weeks while his transfer to a larger prison somewhere in California went through. Word around the.. cells is he was doing hitman work for rich people who didn’t want you to know they were rich. With rich people lawyers, however.. I think they got him on a lowly assault charge. Without even looking at me he leaves his cell and walks down the hall. I start to move, joining the stream of people heading toward the chow hall. The prison guard looks at me as I walk by, a man with a dark bushy mustache and several dark rings under his eyes, and says “scum.” As I walk past him he gives me a light, yet stinging hit with his military-grade baton. I whimper and look behind me, visibly angered by this act. “Keep moving. I don’t want to have to use this again.” He said. I keep moving. Besides, when you’ve done what I’ve done, it’s hard to really justify sticking up for yourself.

When I get to the chow hall, the line is moving pretty fast. Before I saw the meal, I knew what day it was. It was Tuesday, and I knew this because they were making tacos. With the limited amount of joy that comes through this place, the food seemed to always be one of the consistent deliverers of it. Everyone loved taco Tuesday, Wings Wednesday, Thai Thursday, Fried Friday, and the list would go on like that. I got my three tacos allowed on first pass and my one soft drink allowed per meal, and sat down alone at the end of a table facing one of the two televisions hanging from the grey-paneled ceiling. As I ate, I began thinking about what I did again.. How could I have done it? It seems impossible to me, because after everything has settled, and I have my memories before and after the incident, it doesn’t seem like me. I’ve always been a polite, quiet loner, and after what I’ve done.. People in this prison won’t even look at me, and none of my family wants to call me.  I’ve only received one visit since I’ve been here, my mother. When she came, she wouldn’t look at me, and she cried hysterically. The only words she said were.. “Bryson.. how could you.. you’re a monster..” My own mother said this to me. Hearing that the day after I got in this place destroyed me, and I don’t know if I’m going to make it. I’m sure the victims would be happy if I were to die like they had. I got drunk one night, and decided I could get behind the wheel. Apparently I was out celebrating with some co-workers and drank a decent amount, something I don’t usually do. When I was on highway 80, I was told I went into the left lane, hitting a single mother and her two kids, one 5 and one 3. Both the children died. The mother lived. Although I’m sure once she wakes up from her coma, she’ll wish she hadn’t. All I know is I came from the accident unscathed, and I KNOW I wish I had died.

I wish I could go back, and not drive, or if it had to happen spare the kids’ lives by having my own taken from me. I wish I could remember the scene, or what happened, so that I’d know how shitty I am. I don’t though, and that makes me feel guilty.. because it’s hard to feel remorse for something you don’t remember doing.