My eyes once fascinated by what appeared at the end of my bed where now transfixed on darkness, the dark black nothingness that resided in the creatures eyes that refused to untrain themselves from my own. The more I looked into those eyes, the less I felt human or any form of humanity within me. Nothing, I thought, would stop this endless intrusion into my soul. Time had no relevance anymore, Until;

Left, right. Ice cold. 
The only function I seem to poses is the movement of my head, I'm not entirely sure if I have looked down to my feet through choice or if 'the creature' had in some way manifested itself into what remained of my soul.

The creatures metacarpi possessed a slender functioning set of fingers and  thumbs, all with blackened dark nailbeds, almost as dark as the eyes that still remained transfixed upon my motionless body and soul. The fingers wrapped with ease around my ankles, holding me firmly in place with the confidence that it could move me in whatever way it felt fit at any moments notice.
 It was only at the point I was allowed to focus my attention onto my ankles that I realised the Ice cold sensation was that of a mistaken sensation. The charred, blackened discolouration of my body that had come into contact with the creature and the unfamiliar smell immediately dictated that my body had not familiarised itself to the pain it was currently being subjected to. Although I had never in my life experienced the smell of burning human flesh up until this point, I was immediately able to identify that it was human flesh I could smell, and that it was mine.

In that instant of realisation, the mistaken 'cold' sensation disappeared and was replaced immediately with the most excruciating pain I had ever felt in my life. "What on this Earth would be so inhumane that it would take every part of my soul, would take over the controls of my movement, but allow me to feel every inch of pain it inflicted on me and would want me to witness every sickening detail?". 

My head retrained it's line of sight back towards the one place I never wanted to see again, the darkened, soulless eyes of the creature. 

Something was different. I was able to focus on every detail of the creatures face this time. The eyes, the insidious, unwelcoming smile, the almost human-like facial features and the curved, darkened horns situated on it's forehead. The horns held sharpened points, it was clear they were of use. Was this a devil? The devil?

I wanted to question or at least reason with the creature. No matter how hard I tried, mentally and physically I was still restricted. I was still under the constraints inflicted upon me from my master.

Wait.
I could feel my head slump from it's resting place upon my pillow, my hair pointing in an upwards direction as my body was slowly being dragged from my bed. I knew I could not fight for repossession of my motor neuron functions, let alone the creature, but I felt a small influx of will power with what remained from my soul. "Why?" 

Shocked, but not concerned in any way the creature spoke calmly. I had never heard a voice like it's own before. "You're going to help me settle a bet." Both the words of the creature and the voice had taken any remnants that remained of my soul. I had no fight left to defend myself. I wanted to reside to the fact that my life was to end, but in reality I knew that this was just the beginning. 

-----end------

Hope people like this. My first time writing something like this. :) 
