BLOOOOP

It took a moment for the sound to register; it had been a hundred years or so since Mara had visited me, and I’d almost forgotten what her arrival sounded like.

A dozen decades for me; but seemingly, only a few minutes for her.

“John, you incorrigible brute, have you had enough time NOW to recover your sense of ‘honor’?”

“Oh my god, Mara, I can’t believe it! I thought I’d never see you again!”

“Oh, it’s the 21st century now? Well then fuck you, dude! I hope you rot in hell! I can’t believe I trusted you!”

“Mara, I’m so sorry, I was just following the social customs of the time—“

“Ohhhh, and you’re still trying to play the sentimental card? Grow the fuck up, John!”

SSHLOOOP

And just like that, she was gone, leaving me speechless and drowning in the pent-up tears from hundreds of years of regret and shame. It wasn’t fair; she just skipped in and out when she pleased, but for me, each visit was a reminder of how desparately alone I’d become since she stopped dropping in every year or two.

I started to wonder if it was really all worth it; maybe I should figure out a way to kill her the next time she appeared, just to end the guilt and despair—

BLOOOP

“Fucking hell, back already? What’d you do, forget the car keys?”

Suddenly I realized that this was not the same Mara I’d just seen. She looked weary, maybe a year or two older (by modern expectations; I’ve lived long enough to know that human life expectancy is anything but fixed).

“John, I owe you an apology.”

Cue me breaking down in sobs.

“I can’t say too much now, except that I’m afraid this isn’t the last time my younger self will be coming around to rage at you, and that I can’t do anything to stop her, without making even more of a mess than we already have.”

“Oh, Mara, I just want it to be over! I’m tired of being stuck in time!”

A pained look crossed her face. “Believe me, I’d like nothing more than to resume our gallivanting years, but you know I can’t do anything about that. As it is, I’m the only thing keeping the council from purging your record entirely.”

“Holy hell, you don’t have to threaten me...”

“...sorry, that’s not how I meant it.” Here she pauses for a disconcertingly long time, carefully choosing her next words.

“I can’t make amends yet, but that time is coming soon. You need to promise me two things: don’t clue my past self in on our conversations until I tell you it’s ok, and... can you spend the next few months working on your freestyle?”

Mara was always unnervingly fast at adapting to local slang patterns. It was a nice gesture, to shape her verbiage to my current understanding of the language. I again marvelled at how much time she must have spent studying historical linguistics, before we met.

“Yes, Mara, I can do that. It’s been such a joy to see you as yourself again.”

Again, her eyes flickered for a moment, making me realize that there was a whole lot she wasn’t telling me. Intuition isn’t always reliable, but I made a mental note to start planning a trans-continental trip.

“John, I still loved you, even though I was being a colossal bitch about what happened in 1783. Hold tight and, um, ‘Ure Lords thewe maid iwis, ich am, that heer abowen is’ if I remember right.”

“Oh Mara! It’s been centuries since I heard somebody sing that with proper Norman vowels... I’d almost started to regret translating it from the Latin, you know.”

She winked and said, “Well, I thought that might cheer you up a bit. Just don’t let on to the academics that it was really about me the whole time, will you? We don’t need them getting curious!”

“Yes, mum, I’ll keep quiet about that. See you in a few years. I’m glad you’re back.”

Then she smiled, and SSHLOOOOP! she was gone again.