As soon as I pulled my finger away from the test I looked at the screen in shock. Instead of showing my face, the face on screen belonged to the supreme leader of our society. It had to be a mistake, there was no way it was correct.

The woman who aministered the test only sat there with her wide eyes as her cigarette fell out of her mouth. After the initial disbelief, she slid her hand under the table, setting off an alarm that triggered security. Immediately, guards in full body armor came down, and I felt a force shove me to the ground. My face hit the cold cement hard, knocking my head and making me feel disoriented. Something cold pressed against my face, and I quickly realized it was the barrel of a gun.

"Don't move an inch or I'll blow your fucking brains out!" threatened the guard. 

Shallow breaths escaped my mouth. Sweat poured from my forehead. Every sense in my body was alert. I dared not to make a wrong move for fear of the potential consequences if I did.

I was lifted up to the ground, and handcuffed from behind. The guards threw me into the back of a vehicle and drove away. I felt the car lift off the ground and fly up somewhere. I couldn't see anything in the back of the car, except total darkness. 

Then, after a few minutes of flying, I found myself on the roof of a building. The bright lights of the city blinded me when the car door open, and the guards proceeded to forcefully drag me into the building. After descending down a few staircases I found myself in a large room that overlooked the city. A large golden throne seated the man I recognized as our supreme leader. Two heavily armed guards sat beside him. 

"I see you're the one who's come to replace me." said the old leader on the throne.

I didn't say a word. I had no idea what he meant. Me replace him? I was just a regular citizen, how could I replace the leader?

"My time is running out. That's why I made you. You've got the exact DNA that I have, and now I can continue to run this country even after death. You'll make an excellent replacement." said the leader.

The leader took off his large cape and a guard handed it to me. Then he motioned to one of the guards and I watched as the leader was shot through the head. I was unhandcuffed, and I was now wearing the cape. The throne seemed to beckon me. With a grin on my face, I kicked the pathetic old man off the throne. I was the leader now, and all the guards in the room bowed down to me. 

As leader, I made an announcement to the citizens that I was in charge now, and that they were only to worship me. If any of them were to rise against me, they would be killed on the spot. 

The old leader had a list of people he thought were suspicious on a monitor. I told the guards to go out an kill all of them. After that, I demanded the nuclear launch codes and launched some nukes at our enemy neighboring countries. 

The fireworks soon lit up the sky as thousands of pathetic ants who tried to rise against me were crushed.

There would be no stopping me. I was a god, and I would hold onto my power forever. After all, I came back to the throne, and would continue the clone myself and do so until the end of humanity.