It's almost like cheating.

But in my defense, you don't become the best by playing fair.

If I fought half of these assholes face to face, they'd smear my brains all over the pavement.  So I play it smart.  

Hold a puppy hostage, kidnap their kid, come up with some other contrived bullshit to gain the advantage.

The usual.

All it takes is a hand on the forehead, and next thing you know you've got a babbling vegetable for the next few hours.

Then dump their ass in a ditch and you'll never see them again.  

I don't think I've ever seen anyone regain their memory before.  Most of the time there are side-effect mental issues that come with the amnesia.  But it's not my problem.  Another hero bites the proverbial dust.

Now you might be asking yourself - why is the greatest villain the world has ever seen sitting on a bus, especially public transportation?

Well, the real greats play their roles incognito.  

If the world knows you're a villain, then it's only a matter of time before someone let's some daylight through your forehead.  You can't beat enough pissed off normal people when you really piss them off.

Today's victim is an up and coming hero.  He lives with his aunt in a small one bedroom apartment, causing a few too many problems in this neighborhood for my boys to make a consistent profit. 

Like I'm going to let my operations go into the red because some asshole wears his underwear on the outside and read too many comic books.

It always changes when they see their first corpses.  Toss a kid with their face and skull smashed in, and tones change very quickly.  Threaten a castration or severe spinal injury, and all the jokes and bravado fly out the window.

So first it'll be kidnapping the aunt, then the usual hostage exchange, then posing as just a lackey.

Then one hand on the forehead.

Easy peasy.

The bus stops, and my head clangs against the window behind me.  

I need to get the driver's information so I can arrange for him to dissolve in a barrel of acid.

On come several people, quickly filing past the filled seats in the front and find their own spots.  

A young woman.

A tired middle aged man.

A haggard older gentleman, who initially sits, but then stands.

Then he sits.

Then he stands.

Then he farts.

Then he laughs.

When you live in a larger city, you can immediately identify which people in public you need to avoid any kind of communication with.  

And this is one of them.

He sits again, dirty strands of hair flopping this way and that.  You can smell the coat from here, and pants stained dark with urine.  The man clearly hasn't washed for what I assume to be years.

Now he walks over to the back of the bus, sitting in each seat, laughing to himself.  

There are stains all over his clothing.  Looks like a fucking Jackson Pollock painting with all the color and criss-crossing bodily fluids.

"Hello!"

He calls cheerily at me, waving a massive stupid hand in my face.

This man is much larger up close.

"Hello!  Hello!  Hello there mister!"

More waving.

Back the fuck up, boy.

"HELLO!  HELLO! HELLO!  MISTER, MISTER, MISTER HELLO!"

He leans forward, his breath reeking of booze and what may be animal shit.

"SPARE SOME CHANGE, SIR?  SPARE SOME CHANGE PLEASE?"

I can't stop myself, I grab his face and shove him away.  

That should send him into a coma, or at least give him a stroke.

He falls backward, body convulsing violently, foam flecking from the corners of his mouth.

Just a seizure.  Damn.

The other passengers read their various books, look out the window and check their phones.

They want no part in this.

The convulsing stops, and he sits up, dazed.

I'm mostly confused.  I've never seen someone regain consciousness this quickly.

His eyes meet mine, and they pierce.  

Recognition.

He knows me somehow.  I know that he knows, but I can't explain how.  The way the eyes narrow, the way the lips make that slight snarling scowl.

He knows me.  He knows the REAL me, not simply your average joe in a fitted suit.  He knows ME.

"You."

A voice dripping with something more than simple hatred.  This is fury.

The fury of a man with a life stolen from him.  How did I do this?  

I pull the stop above me, and listen to the screeching of the brakes.

"I know you."

"No you don't."

It sounds silly, but for the first time in a long time, I am afraid.  

"You knew me.  1961.  Berlin."

Berlin?  I hadn't been there in decades.

"You took my boy and hung him."

The words are spat out, the effort deemed too much.

I've hung thousands of boys by the neck.  Which one?  Which one?

They all died the same, sniveling and crying, strung up.  Their faces turned purple, their tongues black.  The price any would pay for defiance.

Why is it so important I remember?  It comes from that hidden sense of overwhelming dread and danger in the best villains, when your only option is to run.  

The bus is at a stop.

I get up and run down, pushing him aside.

He moves to follow, thunderous steps, each one shaking the bus.

I squeeze out, running at full speed, in any direction.  

I hear the echo from behind me, booming and powerful, shaking the air itself.

"You know me boy!"

Beyond fury.

I can hear the shattering of glass behind me, but I am running at breakneck speed.  The memory comes, and only one man has given me this instinctive panic.  The Green Hammer, that American GI from World War two, a near invulnerable wrecking ball.  

A man who slaughtered the wicked by the dozen.  Nazis, collaborators, criminals, profiteers.  Even a group of rogue American infantrymen going around executing German civilians.  You could not hide from him, he felt the evil in your soul, and it burned.  It burned, it burned, it still burns, it burns now, like breathing flames.

Kept hunting after the war.  Only good Nazi was a dead Nazi to him.  Something that may or may not be hazardous to my own health.

He couldn't be left alive, he couldn't, he couldn't, he couldn't.

But here he is.  Here he follows, like a heat seeking missile coming straight for my ass.

I can hear the pounding of the pavement behind me as he follows, but perhaps I can lose him.

I found his wife, a quiet french woman from Caen.  I found his boy.  Any way to get to him.

My only true threat.

After he came for them, I gave him the touch, then killed the boy and the woman.  No witnesses, no evidence.

Of every city, he lived in this one now.  Of every bus to ride, he chose this one.

And he follows, the strength apparently undiminished.

Closer.

Closer.

Closer.

I cannot turn back, I can only run, but in my heart of hearts I know.

I am going to die tired.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato