I was scrolling through Facebook when I suddenly saw my best friend from elementary school recently posted a new status.

I was eager to see what my old buddy had posted, as we had been thick as thieves in school and I hadn’t seen him since he’d shipped off to join the Air Force at 18.

What I saw there, was surprising.

[‘I’m literally, the best Air Force pilot, of all time’ -Lieutenant Lamperchet “Lamp” Longfellow.]

My eyes widened in shock, barely three months certified and Lamp was already boasting about how he was the best pilot of all time?

And the language... Lamp never used ‘literally’ unless he meant it.

This wasn’t like Lamp at all.

I’d known Lamp since kindergarten, he had always been the ‘awe shucks’  and ‘no big deal’ sort about his accomplishments. He didn’t even like using his full first name, he had even once said: 

“I mean, what sorta fancy name is ‘Lamperchet’ anyway? I know my Ma tells me I’m named after a great grandfather, and it’s just a German form of Lambert, but I’m not about that. I think from now on I’m going by Lamp”.

Maybe, he’s just gotten an award or something and he’s just psyched... still though.

I sent him a quick text message, and was surprised when I got an immediate phone call.

“Hey Lamp—“
“Albert, thank goodness. I’m glad you called. My use of the word literally is changing reality itself.”

“Uh, huh. Dude are you okay, you sound panicked?”
“No. I’m not okay my use of the word literally changed history just like my Ma always warned me about as a kid.”

“It’s not April Fools Day, and I know you don’t drink or do drugs-“
“Dude, you’re the only guy I can trust with this, we grew up with each other! It’s like our classmates always joked, ‘we are like literally married’... oh God.”

Suddenly, a wedding ring appeared on my finger, and I had memories of marrying Lamp right before he shipped out to join the Air Force.

Lamp was nearly inconsolable on his end of the line, “I’m so sorry Albert, that one just slipped! All this military talk making me forget my grammar, and all the warnings my Ma tried to give me.”

I took a deep breath, “Lamp, calm down. What did your Ma warn you might happen?”

Lamp gulped, “Well, you tell me Albert. Did I, or did I not just make you my lawfully wedded husband —retroactively?”
“Uh, Yeah. So you’re telling me that you can change reality by using the term ‘literally’. Like, if it wasn’t already literal when you said it, it would become so?”
“Yes, and I am so sorry! Please forgive me!”

I had my laptop set in front of me and was furiously searching the web, sure enough Lamp had been declared ‘the greatest Air Force Pilot of all time’ and seemingly without changing the outcome of a single battle. According to all relevant data all the pilots all over time had gotten retroactively the same degree worse to allow for the new reality, but nothing else had changed. Unless you counted the accommodations Lamp now had.

At least, whatever this thing was that Lamp seemingly had it at least seemed benevolent.

Lamps slightly panicked tone cut through the silence, “Albert... say something!”

“Huh? Oh sorry, right lot to process. The implications of you being able to change the past are indeed staggering, but it seems you needn’t be worried about the ‘best pilot of all time’ remark, it didn’t effect the outcome of any air battle negatively.”

Lamp started laughing a bit deliriously, “Of course you would think I was apologizing for —that— you’re so smart Albert, I always knew it. When you skipped most of middle school and high school you proved that to everyone in our podunk town... but sometimes, you can be so dumb.”

I sighed deeply, “What social grace have I missed today?”
“Dude, Albert... I just made you my husband —retroactively— with an offhand remark.”

“Oh, that’s what you were apologizing for?” I said, blinking. Then an old, and well worn admonishment from my youth flashed though my mind; ‘dating and marriage is stuff people care about Albert!’.

Lamp gulped audibly, “You have every right to be mad at me.”

I mentally did the math, the year we would have married... we were both 18... what year did— 

I did a quick search and confirmed what I suspected.

“Lamp, I’m not mad. In fact you’ve probably made a lot of people very happy.”
“What do you mean Albert?”
“For us to have gotten married the year that we did, it had to be legal then, right.”
“...right?”
“Except it -was- only legal in a few states, and certainly not our state where I remember us being married, emphasis on the WAS.”
“... I... are you saying I changed more than I thought?”
“That was the year the Supreme Court declared that same sex marriage were legal.”
“Golly... still though I basically forced you to get married to me with a casual remark!” Lamp sounded upset again, though not as much as before, “I wish I knew how to fix it.”
“Saying, ‘not literally’ doesn’t undo a ‘literally’ I take it. Nor, I suppose an equal but opposite statement?”

Lamp mumbled, “Wish it were that easy.”
“So, you’ve really got to watch what you say from now on Lamp, I’ll help you figure this thing out.”
“Thanks Albert, you’re the greatest... I’ll tell you something I probably shouldn’t, what with the circumstances... but I’m —glad— you’re...married to me now... I mean not that I forced it on you, but you’re certainly being really reasonable about it—“

“Lamp!” I interrupted before Lamp could throw himself into another emotional spiral. Honestly, if Lamp’s emotional rambling was any indication of how ‘normal’ emotions processed I was glad to have missed that aspect of normalcy. “It’s okay. If I was going to marry anybody, it probably would be you.”

“You... mean that?”
“For better or for worse. Now, watch your language and come home safe whenever you get... shore leave, or whatever you call the Air Force equivalent. That shouldn’t be hard, now that you’re the greatest pilot of all time.”

Lamp laughed, this time  a joyous one, not sounding like he was in a panic. “The... Air Force equivalent of —shore leave— only you...” Lamp was probably laughing so hard tears were streaming down his face, “only you would say something like that. All right, I’ll come home as soon as I can... and... Albert, I love you.”

“I love you too Lamperchet.”

-Fin-