If you want a prequel to this story with a prompt I assume inspired this one, here: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/ak3c1c/wp_you_are_a_necromancer_but_actually_really_bad/ef1d3t9/

"Alright guys, let's spread some manure and plant some trees!" Mr. Drahar said happily, distributing several trucks' worth of manure to the waiting church youths in smaller more manageable sacks.

"I love the enthusiasm!" Father Serin said, carrying two sacks on each shoulder and attempting to distribute them to the church youths as well, only to watch his heart sink as the boys and girls flocked to Mr. Drahar. It was hard to blame them, with father Serin being 6 foot 8 and clad in bulging muscles. Even so, it was ironic that they chose Mr. Drahar over him.

Nobody knew this, but the well mannered active member of the church was also a necromancer. Or, at least, a necromancer in training. He worked at the local butcher's shop and tried to reanimate some chickens as practice over the weekend. Instead of creating sentient meat golems, they turned highly nutritious soil that had necromantic properties, reviving whatever plants grew from it. He loathed keeping the soil around due to his love of cleanliness and hated using it on his lawn since it had earned him the scorn of everyone on the city block by growing plants so dazzling that it made their own lawns lackluster. When Father Serin requested Mr. Drahar stop by church and help him keep an eye on the kids when they planted trees, he knew he had the perfect solution to his little problem. 

"Mr. Drahar, my mommy says you have the best lawn in town. She wanted me to ask what's your secret?" A little girl asked as Mr. Drahar patted her on the head and smiled. 

"Why, it's the fertilizer. I make it all myself." He said, finishing distribution while Father Serin smiled at him. The two exchanged a wave before having their smiles crack, spotting a young woman sprinting full speed towards them. Father Serin let out a bloodthirsty aura while Mr. Drahar hid in the corner with the rest of the children, both the father and the woman terrifying them immensely. 

"Er... Father Serin, you didn't tell me you invited Ms. Rose." He said nervously.

"I didn't." He answered as Ms. Rose ran over and grabbed him by the collar. 

"You! Why aren't you at the monthly lawn competition?" She hissed as Father Serin cleared his throat. 

"I was taking the church youths to plant some trees and Mr. Drahar offered to supply his home made fertilizer. Also, kindly unhand him, heathen." He answered as Ms. Rose and Father Serin glared at each other, sparks flying as the hapless necromancer grabbed a sack of fertilizer and began to teach the children the proper way to plant a tree. He also went into detail regarding how they should fertilize older and dying trees to help them live, and that they are free to use as much fertilizer as they please. 

With that, the kids began to run around planting trees and blindly dumping the bags of fertilizer onto the ground in random piles. Though it was disposing of his failures, Drahar made sure to smooth each mound out and make it even, his personal love of order making the entire disposal job longer than it had to be. Eventually, the children grew tired while Father Serin started reading the bible to them. As for Ms. Rose, she crossed her arms and waited for Mr. Drahar to finish spreading fertilizer while mumbling about how a victory without beating him was no victory at all. 

Since going back meant that he'd likely win the lawn competition and deal with his neighbors, he decided to drag his last sack of fertilizer deep within the woods where nobody could see him. Walking forward, he found a grizzled old tree and dumped the sack of fertilizer on the ground around it, making sure to pack the soil down before turning to leave. At that moment, a tree branch wrapped around his body, binding him in place. Though it was odd, Mr. Drahar didn't scream, assuming the branch to have merely fallen.

"You. Mortal." The tree spoke into his ear. "What have you done?" 

This was roughly the time he started to scream.

"Help! Help! Somebody help me! There's a weirdo in a tree costume hugging me!" He shouted, struggling violently before slipping out of his loose robes and running away full speed from the weirdo in the tree. 

"I am not a weirdo in a tree, I am the speaker of the forest! And you get back here this instant!" The tree shouted, uprooting itself and sprinting behind the terrified necromancer. "I asked you a question!" 

"Father Serin! Call 911! There's a weirdo pretending to be the Lorax after me!" He yelled, turning around to find a 10 foot tall tree with arms and a face stomping towards him. He did not know how a wooden face could convey annoyance, but the tree found a way.

"I am not a weirdo, I am not a Lorax! I am a treant! I am an elder of my species and would like to know how you-look out!" It yelled as Mr. Drahar looked forward to find a thick branch in front of him. 

"It can teleport!? Oh my god, it's some sort of magical-no, wait, that's just a branch." Were the last thoughts he had before slamming full speed into a normal stationary tree's branch, knocking himself out with a single swift hit. 

"Humans are so fragile." The treant noted, walking forward and scooping Drahar up like a puppy. The blow was quite hard, leaving a noticeable bump and causing a nasty gash that left a slow trickle of blood from his head. Just as he picked up the hapless necromancer, Father Serin trudged through the trees with a shovel in hand, hearing his friend's screaming from miles away. As he reached Drahar's location, he found himself staring at a large sentient tree carrying his battered and bloodied friend. He felt a vein pop in the side of his head while raising the shovel like a sword.

"... This does not concern you. Avert your eyes and return to civilization mortal."

"RETURN THAT LOST SHEEP YOU VILE WOLF!" He shouted swinging the shovel at the tree, only to be swatted away like a fly.

"Bah, you mortals are rushing to your own doom." The treant said as the two fought, metal clashing against enchanted wood with strikes faster than the eye could perceive. Both forces were equally matched, but the tree was fighting with Drahar in one hand, giving Father Serin the chance to tackle the giant tree and send it toppling to the ground before grabbing his friend and sprinting back to the church youths. The tree bellowed out in anger, chasing them reckless abandon only to disappear as Serin outran him.

****************************

"Ow... My head..." Drahar complained, opening his eyes to find Father Serin kneeling and reciting the bible. When he realized Drahar was awake, he burst into tears and gave him a powerful hug, sobbing like a child as he thanked god for his friends' health. 

"Uh, what exactly happened Father?" He asked awkwardly. "I remember waking up this morning, getting in the truck, but after that it's a blank." 

"That is my fault! I'm truly sorry! I have sworn to protect you, and I failed!" He said before explaining what had happened. Drahar was walking, tripped on a rock, and hit his head against a branch. Upon hearing that, he was genuinely touched the father went out to search for him, and offered his thanks and accepted the apology. 

"Am I okay?" He asked nervously after Serin regained his wits. 

"Yes. The doctors said you could go home when you woke up." He stated. "I'll drive." He said, driving Drahar back to his home. Upon reaching home sweet home, he frowned while squinting his eyes. 

"Hey, Father Serin, weird question." He said while pointing at his yard. "Did I always have that tree there?" He asked, spotting a grizzled old tree taking root next to his home. It seemed familiar somehow, and it gave him the heebie jeebies for some odd reason.

"... Yes. Yes it was." He said with grit teeth. "But, if you think it's ugly, I'd be more than happy to CHOP IT DOWN." He said, his last three words incredibly loud for some odd reason. For a moment, Drahar thought the tree moved. "I also must inform you some bad news." He added. 

"What?" 

"You lost the best lawn competition to Ms. Rose since you weren't here." He said, causing the necromancer to break out in a smile. "I apologize for this as well. Judges said they also didn't like, in their words, THE UGLY HORRIBLE DISGUSTING TREE TAKING UP PRECIOUS SPACE IN YOUR BEAUTIFUL YARD." He said, raising his voice once more for some odd reason. He swore the tree moved again. 

"Oh. What a shame."

"Do not worry. I will help you HACK IT INTO TINY PIECES AND FEED IT INTO A WOOD CHIPPER IF IT BOTHERS YOU AT ALL." Now it sounded like Serin was threatening somebody.

"Oh, no worries. Having a neighbor win is as great as winning." He said, making mental backflips of joy as his hell was finally ending. His lawn would stop being so wonderful, the neighbors would stop bothering him about his lawn, and he was the only mage in town. Life was good. Or, it was supposed to be. 

The neighbors looked even angrier when they saw his lawn and eyed his tree with envy, as though it were a recent arrival. They had also agreed unanimously to give him the first place trophy for the best lawn before declaring that they would win the trophy from him next month. This confused him immensely. As for the tree, it seemed to creep closer to his house everyday only to back away when Serin came to show off his newest chainsaw to Drahar. 