Sorry, I'm at work right now, but I'll probably come back to edit this when I get home.  

Anyways, constructive criticism welcome, and I hope you enjoy!

***

He crested the hill afore first light, and, glancing back, was afforded clear vantage over his previous campsite, the fire tamped carefully into the dirt.  In this early morning darkness, it was difficult to see, but, come sunrise, he knew his passage would be easier to follow.  *Move,* he told himself.  *And quickly.*

He had come three weeks prior from that small town of Bridgeport, whose out-of-the-way location, he thought, might have lended security: its marine facilities, its insignificance, its proximity to the Sierra Nevadas.  He’d thought wrong.  An alien ship had landed, among the empty grasslands, to massacre that military base and secure its surroundings.  The AI had come next and, with that aforementioned base risen to zombies, waged war.  Even now -- him being some miles away -- looking behind, he thought he could view a reddened tinge beyond the horizon that hinted of unseen battles. 

Presently, he stepped over that hill-ed apex and, pathing down, walked over rocks and leaves among a trail lightly snowed.  It had been two days since he’d last eaten, and five since he’d last spoken.  The road, as he walked, had emptied, until naught was left but nature and the stars.  The world was gone, he reflected.  People were gone, and from that absence was birthed and overwhelming sense of loneliness.

At a fork in the road there lay the remnants of a campfire, blackened soot, stones ringed around it.  He touched it; it felt moist.  There were signs of scuffle, broken branches and defaced trees, but the campfire itself, he discovered, was long abandoned.  Cold and damp.  He rooted around the bushes and came up with a knife, a flask half full, a sack with perhaps a pound of rice.  Flipped the knife open but it was rusted so he threw it back.  The rice was wet, but he knew, if it had not molded, it would still be edible.  The flask he saved for last and he took a sip anyways without too much care.  It tasted of brandy.  *One more.*  He took another sip, then stuck it in his hip.

When he next drew the flask the sun spoke of past midday, nearing evening.  Shadows drew along rocks, and among the trees a bird chirped.  *As good a place to camp as any,* he thought, looking.  Around him was a kind of basin where, from a waterfall and snowmelt, a pond had formed, crystal clear that he could watch the fish swim if he so desired.  Further beyond were two paths and a stone overhang.  He walked to the overhang and placed his gear and pulled from his pack wires and wind-chimes.  He’d seen this once in *The Walking Dead,* so he strung the tripwires in a large radius around him.  Then he stopped and saw that when he rubbed his face, dirt came away.  He went back and gathered kindling and, once he’d started a tiny blaze, forded downstream for bathing.  It wouldn’t do to wash in the drinking water, he knew.

***

It was night when he heard the chimes.  The fire had died, but there was no mistaking, among the dimness, some figure scouting the basin’s perimeter.  *Zombie,* he thought, *for what else would walk into the wires?*

Now he grabbed his own knife, a machete, and unsheathed it and snuck around the bottom of the pool until reaching one of those upwards branching paths, whereupon he took it until it led him to a ring of shrubs.  He crouched and saw faintly that previously viewed outline wandering closer.  He waited, and it passed him.

“Hey!”  He shouted and dove upon it, and the two tumbled to the ground.  The sneaking thing, he realized, felt weak.  All bones and shaking so violently that it must have a cold.  He ended up on top and raised his blade, prepared for the downward plunge that would end the threat, that he might return to bed and rise early come morning.  

Then, “please don’t.”

He paused.  Fumbled in his pocket for his lighter.  When he clicked it on, he saw a face, bloodied, hair matted, but living.  A human.  A woman.  She shied away from the light, and when she lifted a hand, he saw a cut on her forearm, wrist to elbow and matted with dirt.  The wound seemed old, but he saw that it bleeding.  *Blood,* he thought.  *Zombies followed blood.*  But he stood and offered a hand.  She took it and stood too.

“Thank you.”

“Who are you?”  He looked at her and she looked at him, and he spoke again.  “Never mind.  It doesn’t really matter anymore, does it.”  He led her down to camp and found some logs and kindling and started the fire.  Turned again to boil some food, but he saw that she had fallen asleep.  *You should sleep, too,* he thought, and so he did, soundly, the fire a healthy blaze between them.

Had he remained awake a minute longer, he might have heard in the distance a faint tinkle of chimes and a rattling, deathless groan.

***

/r/Lone_Wolf_Studios for more!