The plan was simple. We were to pacify the Savages. Convert them to the Imperial Creed. Bring them up to speed with the technology their inferior culture seemed to ignore. But we always knew what that really meant. Massacres. Burning of villages. What the Savage priests call "genocide." The frontier was as much a graveyard of good intentions as it was of Savages and Solaris rangers alike. 

Our target was a Savage war leader who called himself King Alfrid. His band regularly committed atrocities on the nearby settlement of Pile Mooth (named after the Savage village which stood before the plague). More importantly they, were disrupting commerce. These animals needed to be "pacified." 

"Load up, Rangers!" Captain Creon cried. 

We twisted the knobs on our synth muskets, loaded down plasma pods and checked if there was enough ammunition to sustain us for the ride. 

"Your enemy is inferior. He uses combustion weapons. He worships false gods. We have nothing to fear" the Captain repeated like a mantra. We mounted our speeders and went off into the Moorland. 

The first Savage we killed was barely a man. Captain Creon shot him from his speeder as he ran with his brother. These animals can move so fast. A ranger tackled the boy before he could reach the top of one hill. 

"Turn see vack!" said the boy "Death velow!"

The ranger dispatched him with a sabre blow for his "resistance."

"Up the hill!" cried the Captain. "There are surely more"

And more there was. A sea of tents lay below. Women and children doing chores and meandering around the camp. And then my heart sank. A thousand men, screaming, hooting and working themselves into a frenzy. They mounted their horses and began to charge up at at. 

The Captain looked at us with a perverse smile.

"Into the fray men! For glory! For the Emperor!"

He sped off to his doom. The rest of the Rangers followed. I fled back to Pile Mooth. This, I later discovered, was the correct decision. Not a single Ranger survived the encounter.

Pile Mooth is abuzz with soldiers now. Not only Rangers, but regulars and engineers. The Emperor has personally decided that King Alfrid must be dealt with. They cannot keep us at bay, not with our numbers. The Imperial Creed gives us strength. We will avenge our fallen.
