The old lady sat across from me in the coffee shop and smiled. Her teeth were uncanny peaks of white, her eyes a brown so intense they were near black. They were very beady. They reminded me of a shark’s as they tracked me for a reaction.

“I don’t know anyone named Charles,” I mumbled.

She nodded, still looking at me. “But you will,” she said emphatically. Her hands were wrapped around a coffee cup with lipstick stains on the lid. I watched her fingers drum the side. Her nails were perfectly manicured in alternating red and greens for the holidays. It looked like a style I’d expect in a 20-something, not a lady that could easily be in her eighties.

“There was a mistake,” she continued. “You should have been told about Charles when you turned eighteen, not twenty-eight. It’s customary for all of us traveled to know our soulmates. When you meet him, you’ll ascend.”

I felt something I hadn’t felt for years rise in the back of my throat: hope. I felt it when she first made eye contact as she entered the coffee shop and I was feeling it again as she spoke.

She knew my age.

It couldn’t just be a lucky guess.

“I’m not a traveled,” I said. I’d said it before, but she’d ignored me—pretended not to hear it.

“Miss Jerian, correct?”

My blood ran cold—there was no way she’d know my name. “Yes, but—”

She pulled out a small moleskin book from the inside of her cranberry peacoat. She pursed her lips as she thumbed through it. The beady eyes darted back and forth before she looked back up. “Charles Lancaster. You’ll meet him in 2070. Well, your 2070; his 1815. It’s complicated. You’ll have twins, which makes sense given the circumstances.”

Twins did run in my family. “But why—”

“Clerical error. It happens more than you’d think, we’re not always so modern.” She tapped her book to make a point. She smiled again, thankfully a close-lipped one.

“Will we stay in his time or mine?” The words tumbled out and I felt that feeling in my throat again, a tickle of hope that was becoming a wave. I’d tried to swallow it, but it refused to stay down: I was special.

She shook her head. “I can’t say. I’m not a fortune teller, I just read your timeline.”

“Is he wealthy?”

She just looked at me, smiling. She took a sip from her coffee after a few moments of silence as I processed it all. “You know,” she said, “It’s right before I first traveled.”

“1815?”

“Yes. It’s a beautiful time. But be prepared for New York to smell.” She laughed and I found myself laughing a little too.

“That explains the book,” I finally said.

“Yes, some of the newer folks use technology. But I always preferred a good ledger. It works when I was born and it works now.”

“Do you have any more details?” I couldn’t help but pry, even though I knew it was not protocol from all the classes I’d taken in high school. Only a handful of people became chosen, but we were all educated on the concept. The first traveler appeared in 2020, but they had been around for centuries prior. They lived in between epochs and aged slowly, unable to die from natural causes. They kept their identities hidden and only told those on their eighteenth birthday when they would be old enough to recognize the need to secrecy.

“In 2070, all will become clear,” she said. Another flash of her bright teeth as she put her ledger back into her front pocket.

It was only a year away. Next Christmas, I would meet Charles. He’d take me away from the nihilism, the corporate culture. I wouldn’t have to deal with any more one-night stands. I could move out of my dingy studio apartment.

I could abandon my student loan debt.

“I need to go now,” she said. “We’ll talk again, after you meet him.”

I stood as she stood, still dizzy with excitement and numb with possibility. “Thank you,” I said, grabbing her hand and holding it in mine.

“It’s no problem, Miss Jerian.”

“You can call me Sarah,” I replied. “After all, you just changed my life. No need for formalities.”

The beady eyes suddenly looked away, then she pulled away her hand sharply. “Sarah? Sarah Jerian?”

“Yes?”

She paused. Her eyes refused to meet mine.

I waited for her to say anything.

Finally, after what felt like an hour but could have only been a minute, she cleared her throat.

“I need to speak to your twin sister—Emily. Do you know where she is?”

\--

&#x200B;

***(Meh, not happy with this, but 20 minute writing sprints are fun at least!)***