When I was a kiddo, I used to think of life as a butterfly whose wings carried with it a sense of wonder. From behind my confines of metal, I had a very different interpretation of life. Life to me, at this point, was like the cute puppy that licks your fingers right before it bites them clean off. I never talked about it, never questioned it, never even thought about it; it was just there. Whether I was awake, asleep, walking, sitting, on a date or a family dinner, it sat there, empty. I always wondered what it was for. Greatness? Skill? Power? The meaning behind it all was masked behind a curtain of the strongest silk. All I knew was one thing: the letters XP stood right next to it.

It took me a few years, 21 to be exact. That year, the habit of night-driving had grown on me. I always preferred the sky not too light and not too dark, but something about the city lights had long attracted me. The city always felt small to me during the day, but looking at it from a distance when the only lights came from miles away gave me plenty to reflect on. There were just a few flaws I had. First of all, I was tired enough to fall asleep in a mattress store and think I was at home, and I was as drunk as a skunk. I came to the bar alone that night but had managed to buy enough drinks for 3 people who had worked up quite the thirst. The bartender seemed nice at the time, so I took his warnings for granted. I got on the freeway and was immediately stopped. A short teenager, probably around 16, ran at the wrong time. My car, going around 167 miles per hour, was no match for his feeble body. The bar went up, his body went down, my breath stopped moving. I was just rewarded for murder.

After the trial was over and I had spent my years like coins, I had lots of time on my hands. My family, deeply ashamed of me, hadn't visited me once during my sentence and remained estranged until dad's death. My ex-girlfriend had also long broken up with me and probably had no intention of ever seeing me again. I felt truly alone, with only my thoughts to guide me along. I started to think about my newfound outlook on life. A puppy can smile and lick your finger, but it'll only bite it off if it was programmed to.