It went like a fleeting moment. I overtook at a bad time. The last feeling I felt was my head impacting a surface, and a fading pain.

It felt warm. Nothing else was felt but the warmness of that spot. I couldn't move and the last thing I saw, and would see was that pillar.

I'm sorry Elisa. I wish I could have done more.

The pain felt like an enternity, but eventually I stood up. Crowds formed and lights flashed. I could only bare witness to the scene.

My dear Elisa rushed to the scene. They tried holding her back but she wanted to see me. I couldn't bare to see the anguish in her eyes.

It wasn't fair! They were so slow and I didn't know! I had so much to give, so much to love. I had a life ahead of me and I'm forced to leave it.

"Hey buddy, you gotta pass some time"

The voice broke the silence and solitude. I turned aside to see the figure waiting.

I shook my head. I won't pass on. I won't leave it. I cannot let her go, I can't do this.

I will not.

"You got a buck pal?"

I reached into my pocket. Three bucks and two quarters. What's a buck to a dead man anyway?

"Alright. You got another day pal. Heaven and Hell don't pay me enough to ferry you there"

\-

I woke up. Back to the day I drove. I've got a day before I'm back to dead. This is the day I waste not another minute, not another second.

Except now. Now is the time to patiently drive home safely.

Elisa was waiting at home. She looked so beautiful in her apron. It was one last day and I wasn't going to waste it. I embraced her for what I felt was my last time.

It would be the last morning I spent. It was a warm Sunday. Wasting not a second, I took her on a surprise trip to the finest dining, the best stores.

And the jewelery store. Her eyes glistened like a clear night sky. The pupils widened at the sight of what she desired most.

Not the stone or the ring, but the promise I could fulfil.

Throughout this I paid no attention to the time ticking by. Twenty four hours.

Approaching the car once again, I felt my biological clock slow. The time had passed.

"Give me your money pal"

Looking away from her, our eyes locked together. I slowly pried my wallet from my pocket, and gathered the money for this mug.

"Two bucks and quarters? What are you a joke? Time to go pal"

A ragdoll fall to the ground, and my Elisa was in torment again.

I slammed my fist into the car door. Why couldn't have I done more! How could I break her heart like this? I am a monster.

"Hey, hey watch the damn door. This whole limbo is my office. Don't slam on it"

It was the same figure again. The person that offered me another day. He was the mug that put a bullet through my head.

"Still don't want to go? I don't blame you. You're entertaining  But keeping you around costs me money. It's two bucks now."

I reach into my wallet and I retrieve the only two bills that matter to me above all else. Only fifty cents left.

"Cheers. You've got another day. Tomorrow it doubles and so on. Don't lose yourself"

\-

Sirens in this distance. The mugger runs.

Not a second is wasted that day. I show my love to my dear Elisa. I withdraw several hundred. Just to live a little longer.

The lingering feeling of death and every day being my last lingers. Everyone asks why I'm so glum despite so driven.

They know not the pain.

Days turn to weeks, and weeks turn expensive. Paycheque to savings I spend, milking time for myself.

By the second week, Elisa and I are distant. The savings are being chewed into. It's costing thousands to keep me in this world.

"What're you doing with all the money you've withdrawn? What's going on?"

I couldn't tell her the truth. I tell her I need it. It's life or death.

"Oh my god, are you on drugs? I can't take this anymore. You've been so distant the last two weeks like it's your last day on earth"

I sleep on the couch that night. It was my last day with her. I knew it. Atleast she'd barely mourn my death.

\-

An hour into my sleep. It awakens me.

No. If she wants to leave me, she can. I'll do whatever it takes to live on. Life, and living is a drug.

I'll throw away everything I have. The house buys me a little more time. The suit? More time.

I'll steal from friends, neighbours and family. I'll betray everyone I love. 

It's money money to them. It's not like it's life and death for them.

Each can take a loan. Each loan is another day. Max out the credit card I've made, I'll steal and I'll trade.

Everything is just a little more time. I'll sell them and their children if I need to.

I'll disguise myself as something else. As someone else. I'll be everywhere, ensuring I live a little longer.

And I will prevail. I shouldn't be my fault I died. If saving one life is saving the world, then I would rather betray the world than let it betray me.