This had been our longest session yet.  Four hours of poor long-range attack rolls on our part and equally bad rolls from the DM’s npcs. The weather fatigue mechanic our DM, Susan, had introduced for this fight left ourselves and our characters exhausted. The beers, mixed drinks, and cigarette breaks had only prolonged our frustration with this campaign. Snow clumped the bottoms of the apartment windows; the only light was from the lights draped on Susan’s Christmas tree.

Our rogue, Jake, asked the DM if there was anyway to stealth across enemy lines and either find a way to take out the enemy general. 

“Mmmm, you could roll for stealth,” said the DM.
“But at this point you’ll have to roll for double disadvantage on account of how long y’all’ve been in this fight.”

Everyone is furrowing their brows, looking through their character sheets looking for some way to end this fight. The DM is looking through her campaign notes, probably trying to find some solution to end this early as her idea of weather fatigue has obviously backfired. 

Our fighter, Trevor, spoke up, out of character.

“Maybe I could follow Jake into enemy lines and intimidate anyone who tried to alert the enemy like to our presence?”

The DM seems to be seriously considering this, and the look on Jake and Trevor’s face make her contemplation sound like they’re gonna work... but I prefer a more in-character story profession.

“I walk up beyond the trench,” I say. Susan looks at me like I’m an idiot. 

“You’re gonna have to roll dexterity or something to get out of being shot dead,” she tells me.

I take the dice in my hand and roll a 24 in dexterity.

“You’re standing in the middle of an empty field full of snow, with the enemy pointing every gun they have on you,” Susan tells me.

“I sing ‘Stille Nacht,’” I tell Susan.

“Roll for performance.”

I roll the dice for awhile. Enough time for Jake and Trevor to realize how important this roll is, not just to the story we’re playing, but how enjoyable this campaign will be for us.

I let the dice fall. I know everyone sees the roll, but I let Susan know anyway—“nat 20.”

Susan is relieved as she considers what direction the campaign should go in now. We all do.

“After you and a dozen others finish your singing, the British respond with their own rendition of Silent Night.”