"Strange, isn't it, that after all these years, after so much money and research, it still comes down to a sword..." 

The old warrior's voice trailed off in his familiar way of not completing his thoughts out loud.  

"Is the balance correct, Ikeda-sama?  The engineers are ready to prototype another blade, but the timing is becoming rather tight." His hand moved slowly to take the katana back from his master, his sharp eyes watchful of the monofilament edge as if it would strike him of its own volition.  Just looking at the object made beads of sweat gather on his forehead.  They had already tested that edge against every known material in the Ikeda Corp's military division catalog with phenomenal results.

"You and your team have done well, Harada-san.  As usual.  The balance and weight are perfect.  How long do we have before our...meeting?"  Ikeda asked, even though he knew the answer like he knew the rhythm of his own breathing.  He had known the exact moment of his death for the last two hundred and forty years, and spent all of his considerable efforts and resources preparing for it.

"You have precisely three hours, fourteen minutes.  I'll bring tea and seal the room.  Is there anything else I can do for you, Fumio?"  Emotion welled up in Harada's eyes as he turned to leave his friend and teacher.  

Ikeda smiled and clasped the younger man's hand tightly.

"Thank you, old friend.  Thank you for everything you have done.  Your father..." The old man's voice trailed off once again, the thought incomplete, but the sentiment whole, hanging in the air between them.  "Your father would be very proud of you," Ikeda thought to himself as he watched Harada close the doors with a bow, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.

The huge wooden doors moved silently, each half weighing as much as a car.  When closed, Ikeda marveled at the stunning detail of the carved relief in the door.  It was a perfect carving of the Hakone Shrine Torii Gate of Lake Ashi.  The gate and lake both were long gone, but the depiction here was so lifelike, it was the next best thing.  One could almost hear the gentle waves lapping along the shore.

The old man with the new, young body sat easily before the low table in front of the huge windows overlooking Tokyo at sunset.  So much had changed over the last few hundred years, but the sun still set like it always had, and no matter how many of them he had seen, Ikeda still smiled at each one as if it were the first.  He silently hoped it would not be the last, sipping his tea.

Tokyo was beautiful at sunset.  Hard to believe half of it had been destroyed in the AI wars a century before.  When the last of the *Xinshen* AI Cores went down, they set off their failsafes, triggering explosions all over the world, from New York to Melbourne, but Tokyo had gotten the worst of it.

From his perch at the top of this building, however, it almost looked like it did that day in 2030 when he first saw it over three hundred years ago.  The widespread violence that took place afterwards spanned over a hundred years, but in the end, it was the joint efforts of the Resistance governments that created the elite *Kage* units, which in turn, ended the wars.  American and German general AI, Japanese biotech, African natural resources, and so many more contributions came together to create one thousand warriors engineered to be perfect.  And it was the sword that turned out to be the answer against the *Xinshen* AI's throngs of expendable clones, cyborgs and ordinance.  At the core of the Resistance tech, however lay an improbable heart made of nothing more than old martial technique.   It turned out that if you had perfect warriors, the old *Budo* principles worked even better than with unassisted human form.  

When the *Kage* met the chromed *Shibing* horde, the clones and automatons of the *Xinshen* fell at fifty times the rate the Martial Cores had predicted.  While the horde’s AI furiously tried to work out how their fronts were being cut to ribbons by swords, the *Kage* were cutting their way through, graceful, deadly, and damn near unkillable.  *Xinshen* almost won, but the Resistance had made one last gamble.  The *Kage* were men first, still fully under their own control, and with their own memories.  Each one of them existed as an unpredictability variable that multiplied with every choice.  Together all those variances created a sum that was large enough for the Unit to step through to victory.  Even against those vast, self-improving AI, Humanity could keep up its unpredictability like a shield, faster than the *Shibing* martial cores could rewrite their own code.  
Ikeda rose from *seiza*, his plain black *yukata* rustling slightly.  

The old man with the new body longingly eyed the nano-tech armor on its stand, dimly lit in the corner behind his desk.  It would not help him against his foe tonight.

He triggered the sub-vocal koan which called up his battle routines.  Synaptic, haptic, motor and perceptive nanites instantly networked to form the battle meditation that was the foundation of the *Kage*.  Ikeda’s hand found the *tsuka* of his blade, modeled after the famed *Mikazuki Munechika*, the Half-Moon blade.  One of the Five Swords Under Heaven, the original had somehow survived, and was still on display over one thousand years after its forging.  This one, however, was quite different than the original.  Ikeda’s personal version was made of a nanosteel and carbon matrix with the signature *Kage* monofilament edge, capable of truly cutting anything it encountered.  The one he wielded in the AI wars featured magnetic and inertial fields capable of deflecting projectiles, particle weapons and various forms of energy.  This one would not need any of those things.  Just the neural interface and the edge were required this night. 
 
Ikeda brought the blade to his side and began to flow from position to position.  He combined *Yagyu* and *Katori-ryu* techniques in ways the old masters would find blasphemous, but even among the *Kage*, Ikeda’s strokes were masterful.  The deadliest calligraphy that has ever existed.  He lost himself in his preparations, even as his breaths counted down the time until his…guest arrived.

His battle meditation was flawless, his heart full.  Ikeda was content with his life until this point.  His mistakes were many, but over time, he had come to terms with himself in ways humans could only realize once their lifespans began to reach into the hundreds of years.  His life would continue or end this night, and, like so many times in his memory, it came down to the sword.

*Thank you, Reader for coming with me on this whimsy thus far.  I haven't written in quite some time, but I hope this Work in Progress was as enjoyable for you to read as it was for me to write.  This is new for me, but if you are enjoying it, I'll finish the second installment quickly and post soon.*
