Some of my friends had printed out their rejections and pinned them up around their desk.  A gallery of shame that peered down on them as they were writing new things, mining fresh worlds. One had even had that image transferred on to a pillowcase cover that they slept on most nights.  You're not a writer until you've been rejected.  Mop up your tears with them and move on to the next.  

I've never been very good at moving on.

John Sharif of Colton Publishing was.  

No handy tips.  No platitudes about the work showing promise.

It's not for us.  Good luck out there.

His words made me feel weary, as though I were about to head out in to some battle that he had seen and heard and tasted and knew I'd flounder in, and so all he could say was 'good luck out there.'

'Hey.'

She was sitting on the other side of my laptop.  I closed the lid on the rejection.  She smiled at me.  There was a slip of paper between her fingers.  She pushed it against my palm and with her other hands closed my fingers over the top.

'Excuse me?'

'Yeah, excuse you.  Take this to Marshall Coates.  You'll be at West and Third in a bar called Hotshots in about...'  she tailed off and shrugged.  'I'unno, what year is it?'

'What year?'

'Jeez,' she said in exasperation.  She pulled the laptop towards her and opened it up.

'I forgot how bulky these things used to be.'  She ran her finger over the mousepad and the light of the screen illuminated her face.

'Fuck, twenty eighteen?  Got some years to go.  November twenty first, 2070.  Give this to him.  Keep it in your pocket.  Guard it with your life.  Got it?'

And then, she got up and walked away.

X

I looked.  I couldn't not look.  I knew I couldn't spend fifty-two years respecting the wishes of someone who ultimately I wouldn't see again, and who would possibly be dead by the time I turned the note over.

Marshall, watch out for Walter Maynard.  It's him.  Send word to Christopher 2145.

It meant nothing to me.  Names and numbers that had disassociated, made no sense in the string she had made of them.  I read the note once, then I folded it back along the creases she had given it.

Then, I lived.

I married Julia, we had two girls.  Sofia and Lorna.  I got a job as an English teacher at a community college and bought a house.  Little imprints.  Deft little footsteps in history that only those around me could see.  That would only deepen with each generation.

Julia was sick when the date came.  She had dementia that was wracking her of her memories.  I retained then for us.  I stayed the same.  I felt as though shed left me behind, even though it wasn't her fault.  Our time together seemed to be ending in the blink of an eye.

I left her with Lorna and went to Hotshots.  I felt my age as I stood amongst the noise and lights.

'I'm looking for Marshall Coates,'  I yelled over the bar to the barman.

'Who wants to know?' he asked.  Face creasing in consternation as he eyed me over  the beer pumps.  I took the note from my pocket and held it out.  Time seemed to slow.  Stop.  I saw my life roll out in my head, in memories.  I was just meeting Julia and then there was Sofia, pink and plump, swaddled tightly.  Then Lorna had arrived and we were packed up in the car, moving to the house.  It was all going so quickly while I was just standing there opposite Marshall Coates at a bar in 2070.

'Take it.'

'No.  I, I don't want to go.'

We looked at each other  until I couldn't wait any longer.

'Oh, take the fucking note.  I got a sick wife at home, I wanna be spending my time with her.  Not you, asshole.'

Silently, he took the note.  Then he repla ed it with another one.  Crisp, unyellowed.  Untainted by age.  

'This is for Mirabelle.'

I read this one straight away.  

Mirabelle, the code is 45938.

'When?'

'Huh?'

'I said when?'

'January seventh, 2137.  A hotel off Broadway.  It's not going up for another thirty years.  Make sure she gets it.'