I am a shopkeeper and want to tell a story that really happened. Though, I must warn you it is not what I intended to do. But such things happen in my business. 

So, it began with the ugly org who did not want to be visible in human circles and see the sun in the morning without fear of being hunt down.

“Here it comes, invisibility device,” I said.

“Are you sure?” org didn’t uncover his mouth, he wore a long black cloak. It was dark outside, and I didn’t light a lamp.

“As sure as the Eartherdom is not flat.”

“Huh?” org sounded confused.

“Nothing,” I rolled my eyes, but was not sure my expression made sense in darkness, “hundred per cent!”

Org paid and left. 

Two days passed. And my problems began when a leprechaun came directly to me.

“I have been robbed. And guess what?” he put a gold coin on the desk and took out of his pocket a device that I gave him. When device covered the coin, it vanished. “Got it?”

“Of course, after all I sold that device to you.”

“You didn’t get it,” leprechaun became red. “I have been robbed, and no one saw the robber, no one detected it. I think whoever did it had the similar device. To whom you recently sold invisibility device?”

“Damn it. Org. I sold it to the org. He said me he had social issues and wanted to paint a sunrise. Damn you, org!”

“Then I know which org did it,” he fled through the door.

They didn’t capture the org. And no one knew what happened to the gold. 

After five years we heard about an org who passed the ocean and found a new continent. Obviously, he was struggling with funds and wanted to sail over ocean to unknown territory.

Society of Gold Leprechauns and Dark Orgs now are fighting over the name of the continent. Leprechauns call it *Robbed Land*, and Orgs - *Org Paradise*, they are planning to migrate to the new continent. (In some org circles continent is known as *Orgy Land*)

So, as I told you maybe it was not what I intended to do, but at the end I am glad that an org discovered that continent before human. 
