--Somewhere behind the moon of the planet known as Terra--

Captain M'Keera Lafortia of the Vallahan Confederacy eyed the small garden world on his viewing screen aboard the "Fal'quah Moziga", the lead ship in a force of over 30 ships. The third planet from a single yellow star, it was inhabited by a primitive species who called themselves "Humans" who was just making roads into spaceflight. A quick scan showed they had no discernible weapons that could threaten the invasion force and that their world wasn't even united, with multiple nation states jockeying for power. It promised to be a great acquisition to the Confederacy as it was the only habitable planet within twenty light years in this unknown region of space dubbed "The Void". 

'Perhaps the High Council will finally grant me that admiral position that was recently vacated by La'kush Tikata. Spirits know that others might try to take that position. Especially Jarnash Mobag.' the captain grimaced as he pictured the smug face of his eternal rival in command. 

"Captain Lafortia, we are prepared to drop stealth shields and prepare for the invasion of the planet known as "Terra", sir." a voice interrupted his thoughts. He turned and saw that it was his first lieutenant, Kalar Machera, a promising addition to his ship and who oversaw the orbital strikers. 

"Glad to hear that, Lieutenant. Are the plans finalized?" he asked.

"Yes sir, the troops are in the landing craft and the orbital strikers are in position to destroy any planetary defenses," the lieutenant responded.

"Good. Give the order for imminent invasion. Keep the strikers in position, but don't use them until I give the order. May the spirits grant us eternal victory and bring enlightenment on these ignorant souls."

"May the spirits grant us eternal victory!" the lieutenant shouted, then pulled out a comms device and began barked orders to proceed with the invasion.

'Let's see how long this will take', he thought with a smile.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Alarms blared and explosions continued to rock the ship as the frantic captain continued to bark out orders. Men lay dying in their seats or sprawled out on the ground, with the few survivors frantically trying to attempt a crash landing on the planet's surface. Lafortia grimaced as he held his bleeding forehead, gripping onto the console as the ship begin its plummet to the surface.

The current problems started when the first landing craft began landing near the capital cities of the three nation states in the three northern continents, with the ships descending into the lower atmosphere. Dubbed the most powerful nation states, intelligence had surmised if that the 3 nation states known as the United States of America, the Russian Federation, and the People's Republic of China capitulated, the others would collapse in a hurry. 

However those plans were shot when the first troops stormed out of the landing crafts. The troops assigned in the invasion of the United States managed to score some early success and catch some primitives off guard, killing them. After capturing several small areas, the primitives began forming a roadblock along some of their roads, firing back with old but very effective rifles, which fired projectiles that penetrated through the shields of the Vallahan troops. Scores of brave Vallahan troops were injured or killed in the initial fighting before the primitives retreated and the troops managed to secure the area.

Slightly better success was managed in the nation states of the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China, with the primitives dying by the dozens as the unarmed primitives were caught off guard. However that soon ended, as what appeared to be primitives dressed in uniforms began showing up and began to engage the troops with their strange projectile based weaponry, with numerous firefights breaking out.

Just one local hour into the battle, the captain was sensing trouble and had then ordered the lieutenant to begin warming up the strikers just in case. However, just as he had relayed the order, the first explosions occurred on the surrounding ships. The primitives' aircraft, crude in design but very effective, launched dozens of their heat seeking rockets at the ships, along with mobile defense units on the ground joining in the fray. The shields of the ships were ineffective as rocket after rocket seemingly tore through the shields and blasted through the ships. The few fighter craft that were launched managed to score a few hits on the primitive aircraft, but were soon overwhelmed and destroyed.

The captain's ship was struck almost immediately in the ensuing salvo; however, being larger and armed with more anti rocket defenses, managed to hold on longer than the others. Eventually the sheer numbers of the rockets overwhelmed the defenses and they begin to rip through the ship like a knife cutting through Balgoran cheese. Any attempts at launching orbital strikers had failed with the death of Kalar, who was killed by shrapnel through his chest. The ship continued to plummet through the atmosphere, and soon Lafortia could see the lush green land of the planet below him. The few survivors frantically yelled and punched at the controls, desperately trying to attempt a controlled landing, but the ship was going too fast. The next thing he knew, there was an explosion, and he blacked out.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Secret military base, near the Ural Mountains, Russian Federation.

When he came to, he was in a strange room with what appeared to a hospital, due to the abundance of medical equipment around him. However, he was chained to the bed and he had dared not move, with two mean looking primitives, dressed in all black and their faces covered, gripping those powerful weapons of theirs. 

After several hours, he then came face to face with several other primitives, who were dressed in uniforms and who seemed to command a lot of respect, based on how the others treated them. Over the next several weeks, he slowly began to communicate with the primitives in exchange for food, using hand signals and slowly learning each other's languages. He learned that he was in a military base in the nation state known as the Russian Federation. The invasion had been defeated and all of of the troops were killed, injured, or were in prisoner camps. They had learned from the survivors that he was the leader of the invasion force, and was grilling him intently on all sorts of questions.

He answered most of them, mainly because he felt he had nothing to lose. There seemed to be no way to contact the home world, as all communications had been destroyed and the primitives seemed to not possess any technology that could communicate at light year speed. He would be doomed to spend the rest of his life here unless the Confederacy noticing a small invasion force going missing, which was unlikely as the Confederacy was massive. Apparently the governments of Terra were much nicer than he thought, considering that their world had just been invaded. Business had seemingly gone back to normal and his surviving troops were being treated well, if the pictures and videos that he had been shown by the primitives were true. Honestly, he had expected to be executed.

After some persistence, he learned what had happened during the invasion. Apparently the landing troops had landed in strange places called Alexandria, Khimki, and Shijingshan, with the troops in Alexandria having been killed by civilians armed with weapons of all people. He felt disgusted that they had to fight that hard against civilians. The local police forces had soon engaged them in all three cities, soon to be supported by their respective military forces within hours. The primitive aircraft and mobile defense units had moved with breathtaking speed, launching their counter attack within one local hour of the invasion. For some reason he could not comprehend, the shields of their ships and worn by their troops were ineffective against the primitive weapons. Countless engagements and battles had been fought, and this had been the most useless the shields had been. The primitives refused to answer anything he asked of them regarding the potency of their weapons and how it managed to break through.

That night, as he lay on his uncomfortable bed, he came to a horrifying conclusion. If the primitives somehow successfully managed to ever figure out how to travel into space, then the Confederacy was doomed.
