Death stared me down, his King still standing. I stared back, triumph written on my face. It felt a simple thing, to beat Death at his own game. It was, I believed, what I had been born to do. My entire life I had wanted but one thing; to defeat the universe's greatest chess masters. One after the other their Kings would topple, the game over. And all my life would seem to pause until the next game.

The next game. That was what I looked forward to the most.

"How?" Death asked. His voice was hollow, barely a whisper to my ears yet louder than anything I had ever heard.

"It was what I was made for," I said. My first memory had been playing chess with my father. Young as I was, I remember his words clearly.

"This, my son, is your purpose in life. One day all will know who you are. All will know you."

Chess was my life for the short time I enjoyed it. Twenty four years and all I knew was the game. I played every day and by the time I was 13 I had mastered the game and beat the best players in the world. By 24 I had realized there would be no other Chess Grandmasters to defeat. I was the best. So I asked my father one last favor. And they put me to sleep.

Now here I was, facing down Death itself. A simple wooden chessboard between us, I reached forward slowly. Before my hand could reach his King, Death grabs my hand, his bony fingers encircling my thin wrist. As quick as it was there it was gone.

"I will let you go, if only you tell me one thing," Death said. When I agreed, he asked me; "How could you beat me? I have been playing this game with your kind for as long as you have been able to think proper thought. When the time came I introduced the world to the game. I have never been beaten by anyone in your history. What makes you, child, different from all other humans?"

I sat in contemplation for several long moments. For the first time, my eyes focused and I could see Death clearly. Not the game as I had for so long. For the first time I saw another being in clarity.

"I suppose the answer to your question should be obvious, no?" I raised my hand with the faint hum of a motor and hiss of pneumatics I had known so well in life. I pressed the artificial limb to the table. "I am the first you have played who was not human."

And I found that Death would not take me.