"OH SHI-" were the last syllables that ever escaped my mouth while still on Earth. As far as I can figure the crash killed me instantly, probably decapitating me. But that's all in the past now, I'm over it. I mean, it's not everyday you get to discover that there is indeed an afterlife, right? Only it's not exactly how I expected it to be. Don't get me wrong, I knew I was going to Hell, I just didn't expect it to be so...empty. 

As I walked through the hallways I realized they look almost identical to the halls of my high school, only with a tad bit more blood running down the walls. I roamed the halls until I happened upon some stairs that descended into a massive cavern, with fire lighting the walls, and standing torches illuminating the path to the center platform. Besides the stairs, the platform was the only surface to walk on. It was like an enormous pillar jutting out of a fiery pit. In the center of this platform, sat a depressed looking Satan on a throne of bones. 

I walked down the stairs and as I approached the throne I said "Hey man, you doin ok?" He looked at me, clearly very upset and cried out "Am I ok? Am I ok? LOOK AROUND! There's no one here!" I was taken aback slightly, but replied "Well what happened?" His face scrunched up. "It's that douchelord Gabriel. Ever since I got sent down here he thinks he's SOOOO much better than me. Well this time he messed up. He thinks he can just waltz down here and steal the souls that were allocated to me? No way Jose. Not on my watch. So THIS time, this time I get my revenge." 

Extremely curious as to what the master of deceit and twisted acts would have up his sleeve for revenge on his enemies, I asked "So...what are you gonna do to him?" His expression turned to a twisted grin and he said "You'll see." 

With a snap of his fingers we were teleported to the parking lot of a diner in what appeared to be a small country town, and Satan was disguised as a good ole country boy. "What are we doing here?" I asked. Lucy snapped "You humans. Why can you never just be patient and appreciate a good surprise every now and then?" With that I shut up, not wanting to anger him any more. We walked inside and sat down at a corner booth that enabled us to view the entire diner. 

Satan whispered "See that guy over there in the big cowboy hat?" I nodded. "That's Gabriel. It's his unlucky day." I still had no clue of what was to come but I was sure it would be horrendous. Gabriel looked to be nearing the end of his meal, and a waitress brought him his desert, a raspberry pie. Satan giggled like a school boy and said "Here it comes!" and as soon as Gabriel cut into his pie, it exploded, getting pie all over him, but causing no real damage. 

Satan doubled over with laughter and snapped a picture of Gabriel covered in pie with a Polaroid camera. Gabriel looked over to us, visibly confused about what had just happened, until it finally dawned on him who my companion was. "Satan" he growled. Then as quickly as we had gotten there we were back in hell on the pillar. 

The Lord of Darkness was still laughing incessantly, but just managed to get out the words "Did...did you see his face?" between giggles. "Yes. Yes I did." I replied. "But is that the best you could do?" I asked. He took a second and said "Well...it was a little impromptu...but you have to admit that was a great gag!" "Yeah I suppose so" I said "I guess I just expected the Lord of all that is unholy to be a little more...devious." He looked offended. "Look" he said, "Just because I'm the ruler of Hell doesn't mean I don't like to have some innocent fun sometimes." I considered it for a moment. "Fair enough" I responded, "It was a pretty fun prank." 

I could tell he wanted to say something, but he seemed almost...nervous? "Would...would you maybe want to stay down here with me and keep me company? I know Gabriel can take you to Heaven and all, but I'm really lonely, and you seem like a cool guy!" I was shocked at his offer. Stay in Hell when I could go to Heaven? Why in the world would I do that? Then I started thinking about the past hour and I thought, "Why not? He is lonely, and he does seem like an ok enough guy..." "So you'll do it?!" he practically shouted. "Oh sorry, I was reading your mind" he added. "Well...as long as you don't do the whole mind reading thing all the time, I'll stay." I said. He looked ecstatic. "YES! FINALLY A FRIEND!" Satan hopped off his thrown and said "Come on, let me show you around!" And with that we walked up the stairs and I began my life in Hell as Satan's bestie.

Hey guys so I've never really done one of these before so feedback is welcome! I know it's long, but I don't really write often and the idea just kinda took off! Anyway, hope you like it :)

Edit: broke up wall of text