At the time, it felt as if I were opening my eyes for the very first time; I felt as if it were the very first moment of my life.

Our existence, our lives, they are the culmination of our memories and of experiences. They teach us how to behave around others, who to trust and who to avoid. How to get ready for the day, how to deal with hurt, how to drown in bliss.

They are the infinite files tucked away in our minds, instruction manuals for life; so imagine waking from that deep place and finding that the warehouse with all those files suddenly lay barren.

What would you do? I would simply scratch my head and flip the switch that drowns the place in darkness, never to be of use again. But when it came to life, I didn't have that luxury.

When I awoke upon the soft cushion that was my bed, I was lost. I instinctively rummaged the recesses of my mind, trying to find any sign, any remnant of something that could help me. I knew something was missing, the sudden absence leaving me unnerved, a hollow pit left where my memories once were. I almost felt as if I could stick a hand inside and rummage around an abandoned skull. Yet still I searched, hoping that at the very least, I could find a shadow of what I once had, of *who* I once was.

I rose from my soft bed, the walls that closed me in seemed alien. The posters of my favourite action heroes eyeing me intensely, with deep scrutiny.

While my mind continued to roil within itself, swimming through the vast and endless oceans that was my barren memories, I began to start anew. Beginning a new life and drawing my first breath.

I studied my surroundings, my hand grasping anything it could find to familiarise itself.

"Ah!" I let out a loud cry as I jammed the end of a pencil into my finger. The burning sting of drawn blood causing me to suck on the wound. Though my memories were gone, my instincts remained intact, and I was secretly relieved to feel that pain. Even with all else gone, at least that pain was familiar. I welcomed it.

I was drawn to the door, finding its stature peculiar, how it was different from the rest of the walled structure.

As my hand clasped the knob, I discovered my mind was piecing itself together. It was still fractured and broken, but like the remains of a broken vase, it put itself back together as if a puzzle.

*Turn it,* of course. It was a door, it was a gateway into another place, an opportunity for more. It seemed so clear all of a sudden, how obvious it was that a door opened and shut itself.

My hand turned, the knob fitting perfectly to my fingers and the cold metal another thing that my body found familiar, a touch that mixed bitter memories with comforting ones. A knob that offered refuge from others, from disappointed p-... par... what did I want to say? Like torn ribbons that fluttered within the recesses of my mind, the world eluded me. But I knew it was important.

I opened the door, my heart beating; the halls that I walked into completely alien. I looked left, then right, my head peaking out of the door.

I didn't know what to make of my surroundings, the touch of the cold wooden floor strange on my feet. Yet I had nothing else to compare it to.

Slow steps guided me left, away from the windowed end to my right.

Quiet. Everything was drop dead silent, the first rays of the morning sun just starting to stream into the halls and illuminate the strange place I had found myself in.

I tried to move with great restraint, every step raised and lowered with defined movements, yet still the traitorous boards creaked, trying to warn of my presence.

The door that led to the outside world lay just before me, this was it, I could leave. But no - something kept me inside, tethered to the place of my rebirth.

With conflicted unease, I turned, moving through the framed passages into the underside of wherever it was that I awoke.

I walked into a white-marbled room which I soon found to be the kitchen.

*Crunch.*

I jumped back from the entrance, my body held up against the door frame and my breath suddenly elated.

I dared a glance, leaning forward from my cover to witness the sight of a hunched being seemingly eating away at something.

Whatever it held, suddenly burst and its contents spilled all over the floor; the sudden sound akin to a rattle snake, the pieces looked like little edible circles.

It didn't mind, as it continuously ate from the floor.

I turned the corner, moving towards it though my body screamed for me to run. My heart beat like thunder; I was lost. Here I was, akin to a newborn child without any memories to explain life, and thus, my body saw everything as a threat, my body begged for me to flee.

My approach was disturbed by an audible crumble, the being stopped its eating and froze. Fearful eyes drifted to my feet, where I saw the crumbled remains of the scattered food.

What I presumed to be a creature, suddenly jumped up, fear in her eyes; the way they trembled with pleading desperation.

It was a girl, I understood now, the blonde of her long hair, the fine features of her terrified expression. They begged, pleaded. Did she beg to me? Or was she terrified of me? Probably both.

She suddenly grabbed a black handle, her fingers wrapped around it with ease, as she pointed a glistening pointed thing at me. *Knife,* yes, more and more my brain pieced together.

We simply stood there, lost, without guidance. She didn't know what to do, she was scared. The way she was eating the contents of the back before, it was because she didn't know what else to do, how she must have ravaged it, stuffing it down as if in hopes that her lost memories were also in there.

I think we would have stayed there forever, if it weren't for the taller beings also came down. They seemed like bigger versions of us, older. *Par- par-* again that word tried to make itself known, but it still eluded me like the distorted reflection of rippling water. Some form of shape apparent, but still too obscure.

Another boy came, this one was the smallest, hiding behind the cover of a sofa. Waiting for what we may do.

That was the thing with the young: they never came to the forefront, they observed from afar, learning from watching.

Nobody spoke, nobody said anything. Instead, we looked into each others eyes, searching for answers and finding none. Instead, we were all lost, all confused, we could find only desperation in one another.

The girl dropped the knife, the bladed end clattering onto the floor and rattling, trying to pierce the silence. But when the ringing left, the silence returned like overlapping waters. Only the sudden weeping of the girl managed to keep the silence at bay. I think I preferred it when it was quiet.

***

#/r/KikiWrites 