He sat back in his chair with his peers around him, watching the try-outs with a dismal look protruding from his brow.

"Next!" The casting director shouted in a demeaning tone that struck fear into the remaining actors.

One actor in particular stood strong, waiting for his moment to strut victoriously off the stage with his shoulders held back and his head held high. He knew this was the role he was meant to play, he had researched and read for days beforehand...memorizing the tiniest intricacies to breathe new life into a character that held such extreme significance to him. He would use this as a way to really captivate people, a man raised from the dead...a man who so many of his favorite science fiction movies were about, a man who traveled to the far beyond and returned...

"Lazarus, Come forth!" This was his time to shine. He raised himself up, removing the mummified linen in a pattern he had rehearsed for days on end. Pouring his emotion into every movement as if to really convey the feeling of uncertainty of life being reintroduced to a corpse. As he stumbled towards Jesus in a contorted fashion, he shook and trembled...he broke from the mold that held him back so many years and transformed into a perfect embodiment of what had actually happened.

"Take off the grave clothes and let him go." The scene was complete. Everyone was utterly speechless at the display of true character realization. Everyone except one...

"You, stay there." The man approached the stage, the only thing heard in the dark theater room was his shoes climbing the stairs. "Look at me." The actor raised his eyes and looked into his...thinking to himself "Heh...obviously he liked it. Don't blame him. I am the only real talent here after all." He studied his eyes for a moment and the man shed a slight tear...he wiped it from his weathered face ridden with stubble. "You did one thing wrong, you forgot to show the momentary discomfort after of how it feels to be sucked back into a void." The actor raised his eyebrows "I did everything the scrips asked for, did I not?" The man folded his arms and pierced his eyes with a gaze that he will never forget. "You've got the part, but I want you to do one thing for me when you perform. I want you to show them all ::he points to where the audience will be:: what it's like to be returned to that whence you came. I want you to scream. I want you to crumble. I want you to be maddened with a sulking aura of pain and demise. I want you to be fearful of your own self awareness. I want you to be confused with every single breath you take wondering how you can stand when mere seconds before you were engulfed in a veil of darkness."

The actor, and everyone else looked at him and a grim smile came across his face.

"Come on kid, don't you wanna live forever?"