We're no strangers to love  
You know the rules and so do I  
A full commitment's what I'm thinking of  
You wouldn't get this from any other guy  
I just want to tell you how I'm feeling
Gotta make you understand.

Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down  
Never gonna run around and desert you  
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye  
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  

We've known each other for so long  
Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it  
Inside we both know what's been going on  
We know the game and we're gonna play it  
And if you ask me how I'm feeling  
Don't tell me you're too blind to see

Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down  
Never gonna run around and desert you  
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye  
Never… 

Alien: I don't get it, why is this a prank? It's a good song.  
Other Alien: Also seems kind of mean to the guy. Is the prank on Rick Astley? in  a "your music is a joke" kind of way?  
Alien: Must be, oh here is a good song you weren't expecting, that's nothing.

A button is pressed lightening arcs across the ship the sound of terrified wails gets louder.

Alien: It's a question of sophistication, It's too easy, here's a hyperlink, low effort.
Other Alien: I suppose it's all in the placement.

The sound of mooing can be heard. the terrified wails get louder. A mechanical arm slides.

Alien: No it's nothing. See the problem is when they see something truly great they can't handle it. They do so much to deny just how great things can be.
Other Alien: truly, I mean Anal Probes, it just doesn't say it.

The terrified wails have turned to sobs, 
Man: What have you done!?

Alien: A bloody classic mate!  
Other Alien: Think about it, We abuct you, We abuct cows, put it together.  
Alien: Shrunken Cow in the Arse.  
Other Alien: Good luck explaining that...Anal Probe hah.

Alien:...."Rick Rolling" that'll show you
Other Alien: Off you pop

A light flashes, a man shuffles home, mooing can be heard.   