"I don't know man, I've heard one you try that stuff addiction takes over and controls your life." 

"Nah. that's just propaganda put out there to keep it illegal at the benefit of  for-profit prisons. I do it all the time, and can still drive on it and function. I actually think it makes me pay more attention when driving. Plus I can quit whenever I want. Look at all the studies done on medical math, there's nothing wrong with it. Meet me in my car after school, it will change your perspective of life"

-"MR GOODMAN AND MR RENDER, CAN I ASK WHAT IS SO IMPORTANT?" 

Mrs. Turner stood over my desk and her lifeless bloodshot eyes poured over my reddening face, and down to my arm, still covered in it's sleeve. 

"This could be a matter of life and death you know! I'm not here for my sake, I'm here for yours!" 

I studdered and stammered, hoping to come up with a decent excuse, knowing Mike would be expelled, and maybe even jailed, if caught with math paraphernalia.

"I was just showing Mike how to locate the vein, he was having a bit of trouble."

She stood for a moment staring me in the eyes, analysing my lie. 

"I suggest you leave the teaching to me, lest you fall behind like Mr. Render.  Michael, I suggest you raise your hand next time you need help with the lesson." 

As she stumbled back up to the chalkboard and picked up her needle, Mike gave me a quick thank you nod. 

I've always been pro- legalization, but was never convinced to do math. You'd see people walking around stores, asking for the price of things and you could tell they were thinking matg. generally being slow as a snail, slow to react, not to mention the smell of it. I didn't think it was bad for them, but that gets annoying during your late night shift at taco bell. 

"It can't be that bad" I told myself, and nervously walked up to Mike's Kia Soul. I grab the passenger handle, and climb in the back seat. 

Our friend Hillary was sitting up front with Mike, her head between her lap, snickering about something. I never really liked her, but considering the alternative options for friends, I didn't have any other choice but be her ally. She passes the calculator to Mike, and I notice the numbers "8008", as it slides across the armrest.  He presses a few buttons, laughs a bit himself, and passes it to me. 

I stare at the screen for a second. What is going on? What does 8008135 mean? 

"Uhh, what do I do?"

Hillary turned around, rolled her eyes. Her cold, know-it-all voice pierced my eardrums like needle from last night's homework. "You gotta clear out the chamber first. Hit that C button, and take a hit on a number. Then you take a rip on one of those symbols, another number, and then you press the one with the two lines on it. You can use that number to do other maths too."


I press the 2.

 "I don't really feel anything"

"You gotta do all of it or it won't work"


I hit the + sign. And then 2 again. Then the = one. And see a 4. It doesn't hit me yet. So I press the -, then 1, and that = sign again. A 3 comes up, and it hit me like a brick. A tingling sensation starts near my frontal lobe, and slowly works it's way through my chest, into my legs and arms. I could feel it in my fingers and toes. A warm smile pours onto my face.

I speak, rather loudly judging by their reactions. 

"Two plus two is four. Minus one, that's three!" 

"No need to be so loud, damn. We're in the car with you, not on mars." he could see the look of joy on my face. "That's just quick maths, wait until you try the other stuff"


The rest of my time at school was a blur. After Mike scored a TI-83 for me from his dealer, I dropped out, and math became my education. My family became fractals and trigonometrics. 

I spent all day staring at the screen, my pen and notebook, the textbooks I managed to score directly from his dealer, Aidan King, when Mike said he didn't want me using any more. He thought it was a problem now, even though he was doing it with me! He was just upset I was better at doing calculus than him. 

I went on for months, and was craving more. I kept going, getting in deeper and deeper, searching for that feeling my first quick maths gave me. Textbooks wouldnt cut it anymore.

 I started expanding on my knowledge, testing my own theorems. I was going to solve the equation that no one thought was even solvable, the one that even hardcore mathematicians would call "conspiracy theories"

I left my job, got kicked out on the streets, and didn't care one bit. I mathed in alleys, in the subway, wherever I could. But I was getting closer. 

After what felt like a year I finally did it! I hit the = button on my calculator and passed out, the bus stop I was in sheltering me from the rain.

When morning came, I was awoken by two men in blue uniforms, one of them rummaging through my wallet, before pulling out my ID. 

"Mr.... H.A. Goodman you are under arrest for possession of math and math paraphernalia, you have the right to remain silent. What kind of name is that anyways?"

He grabbed his handcuffs and walked towards me. 

I grasped at hand scribbled notes, my pen and my calculator. 

"WAIT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND, I DID IT. I SOLVED IT. I HAVE PROOF! I DID THE MATH, BERNIE CAN STILL WIN!!" 



"But it was no use. They threw me in the car, sentenced me without giving me a fair trial. And here I am."




I looked around at the rest of the prisoners hanging on to every word of  my story. 

"So what made them throw you guys in the basement of Comet Ping Pong?"