"Hey you must be the idio . . . er 'chosen one' right?" I said mockingly. 
Honestly, I kind of quit listening while they do the whole 'hero thing' and explain how I'm an evil god and they were sent by the one true god to slay me. It has happened so many times that there really isn't a point. A priest or king decides they heard from another god that the chosen one was in their kingdom. These poor kids often get a few months of training and get treated like celebrities until they come here.

"Hey kid, before you come attack me do you want to I don't know, fight some 'minions' or something first?"
He sat there puzzled, I guess like all the others he was expecting me to have a great speech as well.
"Uh sure, I did just climb up the" He said.
"Yes yes you climbed the mountain I know." I was probably a bit rude when I cut him off, but I'm sick of hearing it. "Ok you can fight . . . uh the 'shadow knight' he is a level . . . uhm whatever shadow knight come out and fight."

The entire fight took about 3 seconds and the kid was slain, I mean what did they expect was going to happen? A blessed sword or whatever they gave him was somehow going to replace decades of training.

"Child come back" I said as I resurrected him. "Now that that is over, shall we do this properly? I'm sure that you know there are many gods in this realm and our power is decided largely based on our followers and their zeal. I assume you don't even know which god you were 'chosen' by right? Don't answer I already know."

"Now you have 2 options, leave here and have them kill you for cowardice, or you can stay with all of us. If you want to be a swordsman I can train you, shadow knight take off the silly disguise." I ordered

"See? Look normal people, I really don't ask much of my followers. If I suspected you had any combat skill I would have skipped that whole minion thing, but it gets boring just smiting all of you as you come. I mean really, I'll never understand how these priests think being born on a certain day somehow means you can fight a god."

He sat puzzled, as if I was speaking complete nonsense.

"Just come on in and have a drink, the others will explain it better."

So yes, being powerful truly is boring and these things are a waste of time, so reader please tell the priests to cut it out.