"Do you hear the people sing, singing the song of angry men..." 

These lyrics continued to echo through my mind, numbed from what seems to be hours of being tossed around in the dark confine of a prisoner transport van. These words epitomized the eternally oppressed populace of Revolutionary France, along with the forgotten castes where I belong. Toiling daily for pennies at the backstage of a renowned- and demanding theatre can make days and night meaningless, and symphony into cacophony. 

"You, what have you done to earn you a one-way ticket to Hell?", said the burly man next to me. Even in the dim sunlight coming from the waning dusk, I can see his face scrawled with agitation and anxiousness.

I didn't answer- the world has abandoned me, making friend is simply a futile venture, I thought. The theatre owner had been so quickly to cast me away for a thievery I have not committed after all. Surely, a men's future is worth more than an ordinary piece of trinkets? A sly accusation from the lead actress, and a willing ear from the director- whom is quite fond of that sultry lady despite his repudiation, is more than enough to convince the owner to summon the police. Although this man is destined to the same contretemps as me, I have no more willingness to socialize.

"It is the music of the people who will not be slaves again..."

"Man, this nut job is singing again, I hope to God I won't be stuck with you in the same cell...", he glanced at me briefly before looking away. Have I been trapped here so long, that my voice is not my own? The final ray of sunlight that pierced the darkness from the small opening to outside suddenly disappeared. The movement of the van echoed in my ears. We must be in a tunnel, I thought. 

However, the van came to an abrupt stop, sending both of us slamming toward the back of the van. I know not what was happening, but I can hear the exchanges of the guards in the front seats. Their voices are a rambling of confusion, but suddenly degrades into frantic screams of fright and bewilderment. A staccato of gunfire and shattering of glasses was quickly replaced by the guards' shrieks of agony, a gurgling of rending and tearing, and some sort of primal baying from beasts which I cannot discern.

"The guards...they are gone! I am getting out of here!", said my excited friend, who slammed toward the back of the truck with his entire might. The doors finally gave way to the shackled behemoth after the third attempt. He fell sideway toward the pavement of the dark tunnel. He yelled triumphantly, but his celebration was prematurely ended when a dozen seemingly feral humanoids shambled toward him. He attempted to jump back through the doors he has so enthusiastically battered seconds ago. His eyes wide with terror, and his shackled limbs flailed aimlessly as he was dragged backwards away from me. I can feel my sense overwhelmed, and my limbs lifeless, as he was trampled in front of my eyes. The noisome horde of "zombies" proceeded to grotesquely strip his muscular flesh from his bones with their clawing limbs, his entrails flung carelessly away from his bowels. His death throes echoed through the tunnel. 

Despite my hopeless outlook of my imprisonment, I determined to refuse to meet my end in such macabre manner. I summoned the last of my courage and strength, and attempted to close the van doors with my free legs. I could simply wait out the horde in the confine of this prison, I thought. Just as I was able to shut one of the half door by hooking my leg around it, one of these humanoid dived through the opening left behind by the other half, and lounged toward my neck with his full might. His bite pierced through my left deltoid and left me in such pain I have never experienced. My mind went blank as I helplessly attempt to push him aside, thinking these moments will be my last...

What was a few seconds felt like an eternity. Instead of ripping me apart like their victims before me, he loosened his grip on me and shambled away. I leaned on the wall, and quickly recollected my breathe in this miraculous respite. I looked down on my left shoulder, which is covered in my own blood, but also streaked in a sickly black liquid. I peered around the van- these lumbering humanoids appeared to ignore me as they shuffled through the tunnel. While their movements are disjointed parodies of walking, they seem to move with one intent toward their victims' lifeless body.  To my surprise, they were dressed in dirt-covered prisoner's garb very similar to mine. Their bodies seemed to be covered in signs of abuses, torture, and inflicted atrocity. Their many wounds also seemed to be weeping with the same sickly black fluid oozing from my wound. Among them, there were also many who were either dressed in uniforms like those worn by the deceased guards, or bloodied lab coats. Despite the notable difference in their former lives, they seemed to now share one common consciousness as they made a macabre feast out of the guards and my brief companion. Was my destination some sort of torture cell and laboratory where the prisoners were subjected to such untold horror? And as such, has karma finally dealt the final judgement on this cruel society by unleashing this horror?

As my pain faded away, my mind began to race. What if I were to become one of these mindless corpses, and dine on human flesh just as they were? What if my hands were to be used as utensils upon the very people who has abandoned me to this cruel fate?

"There is a life about to start when tomorrow comes"

Yes, when tomorrow comes...