Lt. Dringus stepped off the flight deck of his ship and onto solid land for the first time in --


"Hey, Maria!" The Lieutenant yelled.


"Yes, Lieutenant?" The automated voice said back.


"How long have I been out?"


"Approximately, fifty years in cryo, sir." The monotone AI said back.


"Okay then. Where's the nearest burger joint?" 


"Processing."


The Lieutenant stood and surveyed the planet. It wasn't what he expected, but he was glad to see living, breathing people again. 

But it wasn't joining humanity that excited him. What he had dreamed of, what he desired before NASA had sealed him in cryo was a nice, juicy, piece of 80/20 corn fed ground cow, roasting over a hot charcoal grill. Medium-rare, piece of sharp cheddar, mayonnaise, and some crunchy ice berg lettuce smashed between a pretzel bun. Maybe a pickle if they had those too still.  

 His Spanish accented AI broke his concentration. 

"I'm sorry sir. I can't seem to find any restaurants that fit those specifications."


The Lieutenant rolled his eyes. "Alright, find me the nearest steak house." 


Dringus came from a long line of cattle farmers and butchers. Every man when he was eighteen went straight into the military, served their country as a grunt, none of that ROTC garbage. They were decorated as officers, assuming they made it that far, and retired at forty. They then went to work for the family business. Red meat wasn't just a family staple, it was in their blood. 

He still remembered the day he'd had his first, not his first woman, but his first grilled beef patty. It was July 4th of 2020, he was three. His mother hadn't trusted him to eat the patty in tiny pieces, so his father blended it into a smoothie for him. From that day forward, an addict was born. 


"Perhaps I wasn't clear sir, there doesn't seem to be anything on this planet that 'meats' those specifications." The AI said.


"Maria, shut off your colloquialism routines before I shut you down."


"On it sir. No more puns."


"Tell me again what you mean."


"There is no meat of any kind here. The Bos Taurus, what you knew in your day as a Beef Cow, went extinct after the exodus and subsequent flight here to New Eden."


"Wait, so there's no meat at all on this planet?"


"That is correct. The methane from the Bos Taurus's flatulence created a pocket over the southern part of North America in the Earth's ozone effectively causing a rapid decay of the planetary weather patterns."


"Are you trying to tell me, that cow farts brought about the end of the world?"


"Texas, to be exact. But, yes."


"Well that's just great, what can I eat here?"


"There is a lovely soy burger restaurant just a short walk from your location." The AI laughed at her own joke.


"Hilarious, I'd rather die. DO THEY HAVE CHEESE HERE?" The Lieutenant screamed, causing a few people passing by to glare at him. Apparently, no one had been aware of his presence till then. 


"Cheese is a milk byproduct, milk is a byproduct of cows. No, there is no cheese."


"What about... A piece of toast?"


"The inhabitants on New Eden adhere to strict dietary guidelines. After the exodus, all bread supplies were either contaminated or were branded under the GMO label, thereby making them unsuitable for human consumption. No, there is no bread either."

The Lieutenant at this point noticed a sizable crowd gathering around his ship. He could tell the inhabitants were skinny and poorly fed. That wasn't a good thing.

"What about lettuce? Say I wanted a salad?"


"Ice berg lettuce is considered nutritionally inviable. All other green vegetables did not survive the trip here."

He could see a woman in a tattered nasa jump suit. She was staring at him and licking her lips. She waved at a few others to join her as they looked over the Lieutenant. 

"So what do these people eat?"


"According to the data, it would seem... Each other, sir."


The crowd began to draw closer to the ship. 


"Alright Maria, set the ship for self-destruct." 
























