# Martin's Move

If I had told Martin once, I told him a thousand times. Every time he fantasizes about sleeping with his boss (who looks nothing like his mother, he might add), he winds up rearranging his entire collection of Diana Ross tapes. Only God knows how the man arrives at one, but each system tends to be deliberately more absurd than the last. For example, his most recent fantasy found Martin methodically arranging his Ms. Ross's by the total number of times her voice hit a high E note, putting her 1984 *Swept Away* in the lead and finishing off with *Red Hot Rhythm & Blues*. But as if that ain't bonkers enough, his meticulous cataloging of her discography is only the beginning. Then the masochistic hand washing begins.

This can go on for hours as he lathers, rinses, and repeats about 30 or 40 times before he finally decides to call my office to inform me of the urgent nature of his situation and that he'll be over in five minutes. About once or twice a week, I get a call from Martin requesting my immediate consultation services. Anita, my secretary, set up a special ringtone for him.

I was sitting in my office one sunny afternoon filing a defense statement for a woman who was found standing next to her husbands brand new Camaro with a rock in her hand, after all four of its windows were mysteriously found shattered on the afternoon of the same day she just so happened to walk in on him banging their neighbor. It was all hearsay and speculation, see. Anyway, that's when I heard the familiar sound of Diana Ross's voice from just outside my office.

*It's your move/I played all of mine/Time is running out/Make your move/Or we can't go on/Till you understand/It's all in your hands/It's your move*...And that's when the sample loops back to repeat.

"Yo," Anita popped her mousy head into my office with a phone pressed against her chest.

"Yeah, yeah," I responded. "I'll take care of it."

I grabbed the receiver on my desk, and waved her out.

"Martin, my man," I started off.

"Listen," his voice squeaked. "I did something...I did something crazy. Real crazy. I did something totally unlike me."

"Marty, Marty," I propped my feet on the desk and leaned back in my chair. "If I told you once, I told you a thousand times--"

"Yeah, I know!" he interrupted. "You said it doesn't matter how many different ways I rearrange my CD's and tapes..."

"And...?"

"And," he sighed. "How many times I wash my hands..."

"I don't care if you wash them 30 times or one time, Martin."

"Look, ma'am, I swear it's different this time!"

"Marty, Marty, Marty," I attempted to mollify the pitiful man as I took a sip of a latte on my desk that was getting cold. "We've been over this a thousand times--"

"But, ma'am--"

"It is perfectly natural and healthy for you to have sexual fantasies about another human being."

"But, I didn't just fantasize about her this time--"

"Why, if people went to hell for every carnal urge that ran through our body..."

"I slept with my boss."

"...the streets of Hell would be fuller than Hong Kong."

"I slept with Mrs. Joseph! In the break-room!"

"And you can imagine what a fire hazard that would be! Haha, I mean, it's Hell, so I guess they're not that concerned about fire safety down there, but---" That's when my feet suddenly plopped to the floor and slammed the hand hold my latte down on the table, resulting in sweet sticky foam splashing out all over the sleeve of my jacket. Disregarding the mess I had just made, I drew the mouth piece of my phone closer to my lips. "wait...what did you just say?"

"Me and Mrs. Joseph!" he proclaimed. "Oh, ma'am, it was wonderful! Just as she was leaving for the day, something inside me just said to do it. I think it's that Diana Ross song, 'It's your move.' Do you know it? Anyway, It was playing at the store, and next thing I know, I'm grabbin her by the shoulders..."

"Look, you've got to listen to me--"

"And we embraced passionately. Oh, it went on for hours."

"Mrs. Joseph is a married woman..."

"I'm talkin' doggy-style, reverse cowgirl, missionary--"

"MARTY ARE YOU LISTENING!"

"Look, ma'am," he said, as his rambling quieted down. "I can't talk long. I'm on my way to the record store to donate all my tapes. I just realized I've been wasting too much of my life trying organizing some dumb music collection. It ain't healthy. A man's gotta get out and live his life, you know? Anyway, I just wanted to ask you how many times you think I'd need to wash my hands tomorrow for this? I figured 51 times should be enough to get me outta the woods...eh, you know what, ma'am? I just realized that washing my hands all the time probably ain't doin nobody any good neither. Hehe. I'm gonna really live my life differently from now on. No more wasting your time with useless consults, no more walking around feeling guilty over every little thing I do."

"Look, I'm sorry to say this," I tried choosing my words as carefully as I could. "There's really no other way to go about this..."

"What is it ma'am? Something wrong?"

"I'm afraid you're going to hell, Martin."