“If you build a temple, the gods will come”. Having reworked the line from his favorite movie to suit his own purposes, Bud kept replaying it in his head as he laid the last stone of the new temple. “Temple” really wasn’t an accurate description, as it was no more than a small, simple structure. He had been forced to build it alone, using the limited amount of materials he could afford. Still, it was an aesthetically pleasing building; one he hoped would suffice.


Bud stepped back to admire his handiwork, and then scanned the blue expanse above him. Were any gods paying attention? Would they care about a simple farmer such as himself? Did he even deserve to be graced by their presence? He could only hope - and pray. Kneeling, he sent out a prayer to the universe, broad in its aim but specific in its request.


“Please, I beseech any gods listening to my prayer, I need your help. I have nothing left. My wife is gone, my son, my only child, sacrificed to the war, and my farm’s about to be repossessed. I have built this in honor of you and ask you to please appear to me - and help me.”


Rising, Bud brushed dust from his knees, took one last look at the temple, and walked forlornly back to his lonely, run-down house.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

He startled awake, unsure if he had been awakened by a dream or an external stimulus. Then, for a brief second, a brilliant flash of white light illuminated his bedroom. Lightning, he thought, and waited for the crack of thunder - which never came. He climbed slowly from his bed, joints aching from decades of hard labor, and approached the window. Looking across the field, he was startled to see bright strobes of light pulsating around the humble stone structure he had completed just twelve hours before. With trembling hands, Bud hurriedly dressed and dashed across the field to the temple.


Bursting through the door of the temple, Bud was assaulted by the brightest light he had ever witnessed. A thousand lightning bolts tumbled around inside a swirling sphere that filled most of the small room. Despite its brilliance, the light appeared to be contained within the sphere, held in check by some invisible boundary.  Falling to his knees, he inquired in a voice weak with fear, “Who are you?”


“I am that which has no name. I have heard your prayer. Do you wish for your wife, son, and farm to be restored to you?”


“Yes!” Bud blurted out, even as the last of the god’s words dissipated into the charged atmosphere, “I would give anything!”


“It is done,” boomed the otherworldly voice, and the light instantly winked out.


Bud rose on unsteady legs and exited the temple. In the soft light of the country dawn he could see his house, freshly painted and looking like the day he bought it. In the adjacent field to his right, rows of lush green corn stood like proud soldiers in the still air. As he approached the house, he could see two figures standing on the porch, and drawing closer, he recognized the figures as his wife and son.


Overcome with joy, Bud began running, arms outstretched to embrace the woman who now ran towards him. Every step seemed stretched to an eternity by his desire to hold her again, to smell her rose-scented perfume, to hear her voice. A second before they embraced, he closed his tear-filled eyes and flung his arms around empty air. His forward momentum propelled him to his knees and he came to rest on soft, sandy ground.


Bud opened his eyes and beheld a landscape unlike anything he had seen before. An endless tableland of gray sand stretched as far as he could see, melting seamlessly into the black sky at the horizon. Everything seemed to be illuminated with a faint light and yet he could identify no light source; no moon or stars shone in the sky. Rising, Bud turned 360 degrees to confirm the scene was the same in all directions. There was no sound, no breeze, no movement. Suddenly the sky seemed to explode with brilliance, as the lightning-filled sphere appeared above him. 


“Where am I?” the simple farmer inquired. 


The same booming voice he had heard in the temple addressed him, “This is your new home. Your eternal home.”


“I don’t understand,” Bud stammered, as a wave of fear washed over him. He searched his mind desperately for some question or words of protest, but could only manage to repeat, “I don’t understand.”


“I was about to name the price for restoring your family and farm to you, but you interrupted with ‘I would give anything’.”


Then, the light was gone.
