  People always want to hear the story of Romeo and Juliet but what happened to the story of the sidewinder and the bear? Travelers destined for glory due to the worst of circumstances, even still those who find themselves locked away or alone in unforgiving terrain hear the whispers calling for the companions of death. 
  Wastelands of desert, endless frozen tundra these two were no strangers to survival and yet they always found themselves surrounded by people giving more then either of them needed. She was fierce strong and proud never letting a moment pass without her acknowledgement, which is why men always paid to keep her and as she began to learn the arrogant and wicked ways of men she knew she could never stay in one place, her name was always what suited the terrain during her travels while she wandered she grew lonely and blood thirsty. He always wanted the peaceful life but after watching the ones he called brothers slaughtered along side him he rose to see the overthrowing of false men claiming to be gods, he only trusted the raven that followed home since his climb out of that massive grave. 
  People held under the sword tend to find each other and one can only fight for so long before finding themselves bored or lonely, which is why their traveling was so important. To finally find a final means of peace or to find a man worth more alive than dead. Central America, a place where free and wild souls can find new beginnings but most importantly beautiful brimming with culture. Men were strong and courageous, women were beautiful and wise, it didn't take long for these two to meet how do you miss a foreigner embracing new cultures? dancing laughing and as loud as he was not a worry on his mind, he was drunk. She hated men like him, in the square, during the festival, she had her eyes on a man working his magic to get closer and work his way into her bed handsome, young, born with power and money that never seems to stop flowing. They both played with the flow of the night as the lights slowly faded.
  He woke up alone in a shack surrounded by armed corpses and bullet casings the shack was on it's last legs and his hangover told him it was time to leave again. He opened the door to meet more armed men, a tropical scene and a mansion of marble and gold. Her story was on a similar note, she woke up to men kicking in the room door, she was found covered in blood with the severed head of the rich man between her legs knives stabbed into the ebony canopy and headboard of the bed. Shots fired from that glorious threshold of gold and marble then from the jungle. The birds all scattered but the raven watching as the bear lunged forward biting throats and ripping of jaws those bullets ripped through his flesh and shattered his bones while almost instantly the wounds closed while bones were forced back into place by muscle skin and ligaments all the while there was only laughter with the occasional grunts of pain. She tossed the head of the man she cared for first then the longest blade from the headboard piercing through the gunman eye, it was only an instant before she twisted the head of another gunman used his body as a shield as she used his weapon to paint the hallway with blood the sidewinder's smile sent chills through all of the guard for they knew death was upon them. Silence fell on that tropical paradise, he was curious enough to make his way into the estate, limbs, organs, chunks of meat were plastered to the walls and ceiling. As he found his way to the master bedroom a man was nailed to a wall with a decapitated head and a huge knife. He walked back down a faint sound of silverware clashing with plates, he found a bloodsoaked door he found where the sound was coming from, he turned the knob. 
  Thwack! A knife pierced his sinus canal and almost made it's way completely into his skull. A woman, wide eyed, eating from a table full of food. He pulled out the knife and while he looked up 6 more pierced his heart, forehead, throat and knees. The door closed and she quickly grabbed a turkey leg and a curtain then proceeded to the door and swung it open only to find a fist near missing her left cheek. There was a moment of intense silence, then laughter echoed through the once silent halls. The two stayed for decades testing each other learning from one another. Eventually, they brought people back the the estate and took care of their life together. She grew old and he stayed the same his love for her was immense and nothing could change the pain he felt as he watched her dwindle and eventually pass away, the only scars that remained. The bear left that tropical paradise as a tomb for the first woman that he ever loved. He made his way to north America and made a new life alone.
"Take advantage of your time and love the people that make you happy because you aren't immortal"