Christmas! That day where presents are revealed, where loving words are exchanged, where children and parents alike begun the day in good spirits. For the most part a normal, relaxing, and joyous occasion for the residents of Langleigh Street. *For the most part.* Every eve of December 24th, an aberrant occurrence always visits one of the cookie cutter homes that lined the residential boulevard. Which just happens to be my house.

While the families of the other homes received gifts from Santa, my daughter's winter patron happens to be the Devil himself. As this year comes to a close, a cold sweat runs down my spine, trying to anticipate what nightmare my daughter will wish upon us.

It started about two years ago, when my daughter was closing in on five. Until then, I would write her Christmas letters to the North Pole for her. But I figured she was old enough to start writing the letters for herself. That was mistake number One. When she finished, I asked her what she asked Santa for Christmas. She told me she wanted a puppy. The house become lonely ever since the Misses left, so I thought it was the perfect present to ask for. Without reading the letter, I mailed it. Mistake number Two.

Then early Christmas day, must've been 05:00 in the morning or something, she rushes into my room carrying a litter of growling newborn puppies. Yes, growling. Like a cage of lions.

"Look papa! Look how many Satan brought me! Aren't they cute?" she exclaimed

I wince and rub my sleepy eyes a bit. Satan?

"His name is Santa, Jenn. Satan is someone completely different" I yawn.

"No his name is Satan!" she insists.

I think she's just being stubborn, until she shows me the letter she receives from Satan.

>Dear Jennifer,  
>  
>You have been such a good girl this year. For being such a good girl I will bestow upon you six hellhounds from the pits of Tartarus. They will be playful and will give you lots of company. I know you will be a good girl this year too.  I look forward to your next letter.  
>  
>Sincerely, from the bottom of my non-existing heart,  
>  
>Satan

The first thing that rushed through my head was, "Which twisted motherf\*\*ker is playing mind games with my innocent daughter!?"

"Papa, look at the puppies!" my daughter pouts, shoving one of the hellhounds towards my face.

I take a good look at it's ember red eyes, it's jet black skin, and the little horned knobs starting to sprout out the back of it's head. I feel immediately threatened, as if the moment we met eye to eye the hound had wanted to devour my soul. 

"He's adorable" I lie.

"Isn't he? And this one too," she laughs, handing me the next pup. Then the next. Each one seemingly searching me for a weak spot, a spot form which they could tear my soul away from me. That was just the start of it.

I tried having a pup sale early in January, by which time each puppy had tripled in size - they say dogs grow up quickly, but your cute puppy ages like a turtle compared to these nightmares. That went as poorly as you might expect. Kids came to me thinking I was a connoisseur for cute animals, and left crying thinking I was some sort of mad scientists trying to sell off his mutant pets.

Soon enough I had six leopard sized demon dogs terrorizing the neighborhood. They refused to consume anything but raw meat, occasionally set fire to the house with their breath, and would howl and growl throughout the night. They only seemed calm around Jennifer, who loved them very much, and they love her back equally. However, it didn't take long before the neighbors forced me to call the pound or ditch the house.

When the dog catchers had come, the hounds did not submit easy. For a good two hours, they wrestled with the creatures. Finally after calling in four more of their co-workers, and a few battle scars, they wrestled the hounds into their gray caged trucks and drove them away towards a foreseeable fate. That night I got into a heated argument with my daughter:

"Why did they take them away!?" she asks, face painted red with blooded rage, tears flooding down her cheeks.

"I had to! They were scaring the kids! They were scaring everyone!!"

"They didn't scare me! I want them back!" she screamed.

"You can't get them back. They're somewhere else now. Somewhere far away," I try to explain.

She let's out a blood chilling scream, that I swear shakes the house.

"You let them take them away!" she accuses, "just like you let mother leave!!". With that she storms off to her room.

I sulk into the chair, and rub my temples. I need a few moments to shut off my brain. I walk to the front yard, bask in the crisp evening air, and lit a cigarette.

There was more to follow the next year..