I knew I got it right this time. The alliances, the backroom deals, everything. Just as I planned. Just as I slowly dreamed, watching the world change, becoming more connected, until the inevitable political cracks spread over the surface of the earth dooming it to shatter with just the slightest touch. And, hopefully, taking all of humanity with it too. 


What glorious technology. Machines that could flatten a squad of men without a pause. Explosives capable of vaporizing cities. Deadly gas that seeped into your pores, killing an entire room of people in mere moments. Now or never. 


I wrapped myself in a long black coat, hat tipped low over my face. Despite the heat of summer I couldn't risk anyone recognizing me. I worked too long, thrown all my skill and cunning into getting this position, and to throw it all away simply by being recognized by a passerby? No, that wouldn't do at all. 


Nervously, I glanced at my watch, forearms coated in sweat. He was late. The alley was empty. I peered out into the connecting streets but saw no one who looked like my contact. Patience, I told myself, no reason to fall apart now. 


There! A man was walking towards me, dressed in a simple shirt and slacks, much younger than I expected. A thin mustache hung limply on an angular face, he looked tired. His eyes, as I surveyed him I was sure he was my contact. His eyes were dead, hollow. The planning, the certainty, the soullessness, and most vividly, the violence. All there in equal parts. He was ready to kill. 


"Princip?" I asked, lowering my voice. "Gavrilo Princip?"


He stared at me, unblinking. "Da. I am." Silence. He wasn't a talker. 


I slid an envelope out of my jacket and placed it in his hand. Not looking down, he opened it. 


"The wife too?" 


I nodded in confirmation. "Yes. Both of them. In public. Use a rifle."


He sneered at me, the yellow, broken teeth betraying his poor upbringing. "You don't order the Black Hand. You give location and time, nothing else. We take care of the rest." 


I stared back at him as he took a packet of matches out of his pocket. He lit one casually, bringing a cigarette to his lips as he did. With the end lit, he used the dying match to ignite the thin paper. We watched as it browned and curled within itself at our feet. With the paper reduced to ash, he took another long drag on his cigarette. 


"The Black Hand thanks you for this information. You'll see your trust was not misplaced." He said to me, turning and starting back down the alley. 


I watched his thin silhouette recede. He hadn't done much to reassure me that the plan would be followed through. All that time, all that effort, all those years of painful life after painful life. He didn't realize the scope of his future actions. None of those fools in the Black Hand did. Worrying about borders and territory, political nonsense. Their obsession blinded them to the chain reaction about to unfold, with all of humanity to suffer the consequence.


It would not be just the war to end all wars, it would be the war to end all life. 
