A few years before you were born, I was in the kitchen helping your pa with a chicken casserole; he was always funny about preparing chicken, even before the...  
Well, there was a great knock at the door and Sammy and I both jumped out of our skins.  Bare in mind, this was about 9 at night.

It was two cops and they were... huge.  You know that lovely boy in the school football team?  John?  James?  Well, imagine him with 15 years in a professional team.  Yeah.  Big!  There I was - little old me standing in front of these two giants in uniform - when they tell me that they were here about Sammy's death.  You know, looking back at it I realise what was so weird about the situation.  I should have seen it in their faces.  I've seen professionals give the bad news before, doctors to dying patients, cops to surviving family, vets to owners about their little puppy.  These two didn't have the right face.  But like I said, I didn't notice at the time.

I told them, no.  That it was impossible because Sammy's in the kitchen making dinner.  The cop who'd been silent up til now reached for his radio and called out "Target's in the kitchen.  Breach!" and all hell broke loose.  One of the big fuckers took my face in his hand and pushed my head through a wall.  That was me done for the night.  I came to in a hospital later that night.

There were 5 of them.  Hitmen, mercenaries, thugs, goons.  Whatever they were, Sammy knew them all well.  Your father was a... well, he did bad things for bad people.  He'd had enough and wanted out.  And he got out, sweetie.  For years things were fine, but one of the big bosses - the one Sam reported to - got fingered for a murder.  The whole mob went wild, figured it was your pa because he knew so much.  Names, faces, business connections.  

They came for him and he killed them.  Sweetie, it was us or them.  He hasn't told me the details, and I don't really want to know, but he went through them like a demon in a creche with the kitchen knife.

I'm only telling you this because I see you starting to wonder things and you *can not* ask your father any of this.  It's a memory best left in the dark.

Your real last name is... No, that would only hurt you.  The Feds put us in witness protection out here in the middle of fucking nowhere.  That's why we don't have internet and you don't have a phone.  That's why you can't join in on half the shit you want to do, for now.  And it's why your father can't prepare dinner unless it's noodles.  He's had all the knife-work he can handle.