"Mom, what's with all those funny names?

\- I don't know, sweetie."

As I was passing through the alleys, my eyes were being caught by the immensity of umlauts on the furniture's name tags. My vision was filled with blue shapes and yellow lines. I think I could actually smell the Swedish meatballs odor the couches mysteriously had. This was too much for me, this store was overwhelming for my poor human conscience. 

Blue. Yellow. Blue...

My forehead was pumping out all the sweat it had kept inside for the past few hours. I could hear my own breathing: it was rhythmic, loud, gross. My feet were walking by themselves, completely unaware of my brain's commands. They were sliding on the floor, making a squishy sound by doing so. My arms were hanging, poorly swinging on their axis as my body was moving forward to its destination. My eyeballs were going left and right, looking for that one specific object the store was meant to have.

From far away, a long screech tore the silence of the immense IKEA apart for a few seconds. I turned to my kid, wondering if we heard the same thing, but I knew the answer was no.

"Mom?

\- It's nothing", I gasped.

I wanted to run away, I was filled with nothing but fear at this very moment, but my body decided otherwise. It began running on its own towards where the scream occurred. I didn't want to discover who could shout such a terrifying sound out of their lungs. My whole face was covered with a wet, waterly coating and so were my palms.

Blue. Yellow. Blue. Yellow...

A second scream resonated through the shelves covered with home furniture, louder this time. My body was getting closer, but my mind was drifting away. It was lost somewhere between the Snorkëls and the Bürteks from Alley #4 and didn't leave its location ever since. I got my kid closer to me like I would do with a teddy bear. I didn't want him to leave me alone.

Yellow. Blue. Yellow. Blue. Yellow. Blue. Yellow...

As I turned the next corner, my blood instantly turned into ice. On the floor, in a fœtal position, was a scrawny little burgundy creature. It was cheerily mumbling a song while keeping its eyes closed. Its skin was so thin that I could see its heart trying to evade its chest. When it reached the bridge of his song, the little demon turned to me and screamed the most horrific sound he could project out of his little thorax.

Here he was: my demon within.

Nobody knew I had swärdengröphobia, the fear of Swedish... and nobody ever will.