"DAVID!"
Her face came into focus in an instant. God, how long was I zoned out?
She sat back into her seat, arms crossed.
"What is going on, David?" she said, still annoyed.
"You've been so out of touch. It's like you're always lost in your thoughts!"

"Hmm.."  I answered, looking down at my empty cup of coffee.
"Have you considered what we talked about last week...? It's been nearly ten years, David" she said as she unfolded her arms and reached for my hand. I left them clasped around my cup, so she just placed a hand over mine.

Ten years. Had it already been that long? Had my centennial passed that long ago?

"Please, Emily..." I started.
A frown quickly formed on her face.
"You know what? I'm done having this conversation with you," she said as she got up and picked up her bag.
"You can't even maintain a conversation for more than a few minutes. You already know you should have signed out a long time ago. I'm going to work."
She slung her bag over her shoulder and stormed out of the restaurant.

A passing waiter poured more coffee into my cup as he passed.
"Cream, sir?"
"No, I take it black. Thank you."

That was one of the problems with marrying someone so much younger; Emily was only 83, and had long expected to be "rid" of me, so to speak.
And I couldn't really blame her. She would have still had time to re-marry and re-settle, but I had already taken a large chunk of her time away. And for what?
Why didn't I feel ready? The only reasons people stuck around after their centennials were usually because their work needed it, or because family circumstances required it.
But I had no valid reason. 
And yet, there was something on my mind. Emily (and others) attributed my lapses in attention to age; but that simply wasn't true. It had started about ten years ago, about a month before my centennial...



It had been my last day at work, and the office held a good-bye party for me.
We didn't really age out of work, seeing as we stopped "aging" somewhere around thirty. No, it was just assumed that most people would be signing out on their centennial.
I had made plans to take a trip with Emily, and travel a bit before calling it quits for good. But on my way home that day, something strange had happened.
I was walking the same route I had walked for years, but today, there was a man dressed in loose clothing with a hood pulled way up around his head and face. He had been standing around the corner of the bakery, so I didn't notice him until I was almost next to him.
"Listen, man...." he said as he whirled around and stood in front of me.
"It's not what you think it is. Nothing is... They know....and they don't want us to know. I'm tellin' you, man! Nothing! You need to know, they are...."
He trailed off as he looked at something over my shoulder, and his eyes grew wide with fear.
In an instant he took off running, faster than anyone I had ever seen move. But as soon as he turned the corner at the end of the street, there was a strange sound; almost like someone had slammed a door and shorted out an electrical cable simultaneously.
Breaking into a job, I reached the intersection, and rounding the corner I discovered.... nothing.
The street was completely empty. No cars, no people, no dogs, and most importantly, no strange man in a hood. Nothing but the faint smell of sulfur.
As I turned to go home, something caught the corner of my eye.
Balled up and rolling in the wind along the curb, it was a small piece of crumpled paper. Written on the page it said:

Walter P. Library
72 7 8

That evening, I told Emily I'd spend the day tomorrow at the library, having described the event that had taken place on the street. Our flight wouldn't leave until Friday, so I still had a few days to spare anyway.
"It's probably just some crazy old centennial.." she had said, a suggestive nod towards me. "Someone who's gone far too long past their expiry date."
With a wide smile, I answered
 "You're probably right. That's why I'm signing out at 12:01 AM, June 23rd, 319 N.E.!"
"And I'm looking forward to dumping your old unemployed ass!" she answered with a grin.
Banter turned to touching which ended in the bed.

"You ever wonder what it would have been like if we had kids?"
I asked as we lay in bed, letting the sweat evaporate as we caught our breath.
"This again?" She answered. "You know you can't-"
"I know, I know, but if we had adopted or something"
"Kind of late in the game to be bringing this up, don't you think, David?"
"I know. I still stand by the decision I made way back. But I do wonder, once in a while"
"Of course I wonder what it would have been like, David. For what it's worth, you would have made a great dad. But you made a great man as it stands!"

The next day I went to the library. Walking through the doors, I unfolded the piece of paper and looked at it again.
"Hmmm... 72 7 8.."
I hadn't been in this library before. I think this was the last physical library in the city. All the other ones had switched to holographic storage centuries ago. Only small private libraries still had books, for whatever reason.
The place smelled musty. I wasn't surprised that it was nearly devoid of people. Who would want to sit in a place like this? It's so depressing.
"Can I help you?" A small voice came from behind me, making me jump. 
Turning around, I saw a petite woman with a gray sweater and a long skirt looking up at me.
She must have been almost 50 centimeters shorter than me.
"I'm June!" she said with a smile, holding out her tiny hand.
"I'm the librarian here. Can I help you find something?"
"Hello June," I said, taking hold of her hand and giving it a gentle shake.
"Funny that your name is June, that's my... nevermind. Hey, do these numbers mean anything to you? 72, 7, 8"

She paused for a second and then perked up again.
"Sure do! That's probably aisle 72, up on the second floor past those rounded windows there. It's our history section! Feel free to sit anywhere, there should be some couches near that section".
"Can I get you something to drink? Coffee? Black?"
"Yes that would be... uh, that would be perfect actually. Thank you, June. How did you know I liked.."
"Oh just a lucky guess. Something about people walking into libraries with books and black coffee, you know?"
She laughed as she walked towards the front counter.

As I made my way up to the second floor, I scanned the place. It truly was empty, save for June and myself. And the books. I don't think I'd ever been in such a quiet place.
It was nice, in a way. But also unsettling.
I reached aisle 72, and found the shelves were also numbered. That was probably what the other numbers were for; shelf #7, 8th book? Counting from the left, I took the 8th book from it's place, and pushed away a thin layer of dust from the cover. It read: The 21st Century; Vol. 1 (abridged) by D.P. Terrance

Now that's old. I knew of D. P. Terrance. He was a historian and author, one of the few people that had been alive before the New Era. From what I had read, he was close to his centennial when the epidemic happened, preserving him in his old body for centuries. He was one of the Elders; a group of men and women from before the epidemic that were deemed too useful to let die. He had been a renowned historian even in his time, and over the last few centuries he had been responsible for publishing massive volumes of history dating all the way back  before the second millennium.
When he died around thirty years ago, it was all over the news. There was a documentary done on what his work brought to society.

"Here's your coffee!" said June from behind me, making me jump again. 
I'm fairly certain she makes no sound when she moves.
"Ooh, that's a good one!" she said, nodding towards the book in my hand.
"Enjoy the read!" she said as she turned and walk back down the stairs.
Coffee in one hand, book in the other, I sat down on the end of a large green couch, and placed my coffee on the nearby table.
Surprisingly, there was no dust on the table, or on the couch for that matter.
I opened the cover, and began to read.


To be continued...