 Death had held no terror for Erik Svensson, Breaker of Bones. 

 He had been a huge man in his prime, thick muscled and quick tempered, and his enemies had whispered his name for fear that anything more might bring his terrible wrath upon them.

 That was before the years had sapped his fury and withered his body. Before his hair grew white and his skin grew slack, the scars of battle fading with the relentless march of time.

 Still, Erik did not fear death. He knew it would bring him to Valhalla, and now, at the moment of his passing, he smiled as his final breath rattled from his body. Then all was light and ether.

 Erik awoke, if it could be called that. I truth, it was to normal waking what normal waking was to sleep. His senses sang in terrible harmony, his mind filled with a degree of perception greater than any he had ever imagined. He clutched at his head, his eyes bulging, slack jawed, his thoughts crushed by the overwhelming force of all eternity bearing down on him. 

 Erik knew only one thing in that moment: He had never bowed to any foe, and if that foe was the cosmos itself, he would face it standing. 

 With a scream of effort, Erik martialled his body. His legs. He needed his legs. He managed to roll onto his knees and plant one foot. Every moment of time, both past and yet to come, was howling around his ears in a silent maelstrom, colours undreamt of by human eyes danced like flames before him.

 With a grunt, Erik Svensson, breaker of bones, stood up.

 The madness stopped. The kaleidoscopic colours froze in place and faded, the whirling aeons paused, and Erik became aware of grass under his feet. He looked down and noticed for the first time that his body was as it had been in his prime, hard and strong. He looked up and found himself in a misty field, alone. There was an eerie silence, and a sense of dreadful stillness. There was no mistaking that this, indeed, was death.

 “You are worthy.”

 Erik whirled to face the voice behind him. He had been sure that there was nobody nearby, and his instincts were keen, yet a black-robed stranger stood behind him. The stranger’s robes were not of conventional material, coloured black. He seemed, rather, to be dressed in the utter absence of light itself. His face was mostly hidden, save for a lined and ancient jaw and eyes, deep in the darkness of his hood, that burned like coals.

 “Who are you, stranger?” Erik demanded. The robed figure ignored his question. “You are worthy, Erik Bonebreaker.” The figure raised his voice and it echoed through the fog. “A thousand thousand men have come before you, and been broken when faced with eternity. Only the strongest have the will to stand and fight in the face of the cosmos. You are one of the few, and have earned your place. Behold!” The figure raised his arms and the mists parted behind him to reveal an immense golden building. “You may enter the Hall of Sacred Armament, that you might find the weapon that will lead you to your next quest…”

 Before Erik could respond, the robed figure melted away like the mist and was gone. Erik looked at the huge building before him and began to climb the stairs. The doors at the top were made of iron and he heaved all of his mighty weight against them before they would swing silently inwards. Few mortal men would have the strength to enter such a place, Erik knew. 
 
 Before him, the building was one enormous hall beneath a glass skylight, lined with weapons of every imaginable form. Some were affixed to the walls, others sat on oak tables, some were large enough to stand alone. Erik strode among their ranks, feeling something in his soul pulling him deeper into the hall. He paused at a gleaming hammer and knew in his heart that it was the legendary Mjolnir. Even Erik did not dare to touch it. To try to lift the Hammer of Thor was blasphemy.  

 Elsewhere he saw many swords, some recognisable, others with strange, heathen shapes. There were clubs and cudgels, maces and morningstars, here and there strange metal tubes that he could not understand. He picked one up, experimentally. The tube seemed hollow, which would make it weak, and one end of it was of dark, polished wood. Clearly, a relic of some stupid and primitive people, Erik thought. A sensible weapon would have been the reverse; a long wooden handle and the iron at the far end, the better to crush a skull with. 

 He pressed on, unknown instinct drawing him towards a prize he had not yet found. He finally laid eyes on a table and knew, somehow, that this was what he sought, yet when he reached it, the table was bare. Erik scowled, and gripped the edge of the table in readiness to hurl it against a wall and smash it to kindling, when he noticed the handle under one of his massive palms. 

 He pulled on the handle, experimentally, and a drawer slid open.

 A set of brass knuckles stared up at him. 

 Erik blinked. This was not what was expected. 

 The spirit of the knuckles spoke to him, then. It said: *What the fuck are you lookin’ at?* 

 Erik stepped back in bafflement. “What sorcery is this?!” he bellowed to the empty, endless hall. 
 
 *Aw, great,* said the Knuckles. *YOU’RE the asshole I’ve been waitin’ for.* 

“Explain yourself, tiny steel holes,” Erik demanded. “How come you to speak into my brain?”

 *They didn’t tell you?* The Knuckles asked. *Figures. Everyone in the afterlife likes to be all mysterious, like it’s expected that they talk in riddles. Buncha pretentious bullcrap, you ask me. Anyway, you’re dead, but apparently you were pretty good at crackin’ heads when you WEREN’T dead, so you get paired up with a weapon due to some sort of mystic mumbo-jumbo I don’t pretend to understand. Then you get to play again.*

Erik snorted, haughtily. “You are no true weapon! A sword - an AXE! - these are what I would use to fight in my quest!”

 *Yeah, well. The gods like their little jokes, don’t they? There’s no telling who will get paired up with what around here. This place exists outside of space and time, so there’s often a lot of weird crossovers. I’ve seen a spaceman from the year 3100 come through here one time, and he ended up leaving with the jawbone of an ass. Shoulda seen the look on his face! Anyway, I might not be your first choice, but we’ve all earned our place. I cracked Jimmy Hoffa’s skull. What the fuck have you done to make the news, lately?!*

 Erik’s face flushed. “I have slain more men than the wolves of the forest! I have turned the green fields red with the blood of my enemies! I-” he reached down to pick up the Knuckles for emphasis, and as he grasped them there was a peal of thunder and the skylights darkened.

 “Good,” came a familiar voice. “Good.”

 Erik turned, and the black robed figure was once again behind him.

 “You have found your destined weapon,” the figure said with an awful smile. “Now your quest can begin. We will send you back to your earthly realm to right a great wrong. A new time. A new place.”

 Erik swallowed and straightened his massive shoulders. “Where and when will you send me?” he asked. “Wherever it is, I shall crush many foes and rend many limbs!”

 The robed figure smiled that terrible smile once more. “You are a great warrior, Erik Bonebreaker. We shall send you to a time of great evil and corruption. You must defend the righteous. You must protect the weak. And you must overthrow the wicked tyrants that rule over the land… of America.”

 *Oh, great,* muttered the Knuckles.