All of the sound was suddenly sucked from the room. I couldn't even hear my own pulse, if I still had one, given what I was seeing... but... no. No, no, no. I'm seeing things. This is just a trick of the light. I chuckled lightly at the thought of my own 'impurity'. What a concept! I was already anxious to share this with my little brother -- the foster kid I sponsor. He's always making fun of me for being "too nice" and he'll really get a kick out of this.

I let out a relieved sigh, smiled at my silly imagination, and set down my needles. 

"Michael," I called. No response. 

"Michaaaaael..." Nothing. I snorted, stood up, and walked to the basement stairs before calling again. "Michael!" The echo bounced everywhere down that tiny passage, carrying my voice through the door below. "Yes?" he at last replied. 

"Mikey, you're never gonna gonna believe this," I said as I began my descent. "I've been knitting all afternoon. I guess I got tired and lost focus because, well, I hurt myself." 

"Okay," he mewed in his little voice. 

"Well, it wasn't bad, of course... just a needle prick. But you've gotta hear this, Mikey! I swear, for a moment I really thought my blood was, well... y'know... black! Like actually PITCH black! Can you even believe that? I thought it was too good not to share."

"Oh no, but you're so nice," little Mikey offered. 

"Yeah I know I am," I retorted rather flatly as I reached the big metal door. I reached out and placed my hand against the rusted surface, leaning as I continued. "I just thought you'd like that, Michael... you like that, right? I knew you would."

"It's very funny, Andy. You're funny, you're always funny." Something shifted on the other side of the closed door and it sounded like cloth dragged across a cement floor. "Are you coming to see me today?" he asked timidly. 

"No, I'm busy right now," I began. "Maybe later. I still need to finish up before the homeless shelter opens in a few hours." I turned and started back upstairs. Behind me, the dragging sound continued and a shallow panting could be heard. Mikey was a strange kid, but he was great. He understood me and I understood him. After work, maybe we could watch a movie or play a game together. He'll like that, I know it.

I sat back down at my needlework and looked at the finger I had pricked. The clear blood dripped cleanly on to the table, making little pools which were merging into bigger pools. I smiled at how lucky I was to be helping people and making the world a nicer place. The pool of blood had gotten large enough to run over the edge of the table. It was now covering my boots and soaking the floor. My smile got bigger thinking about the people I was going to help today. I couldn't wait to see their happy faces. The sickly sweet smell of blood overwhelmed me with joy. I picked up the needle and finished the stitch I had started, passing through the fabric and the flesh and sticking in the bone. Yes, today was going to be a beautiful day for *everyone*.

