Yes, we still exist. I am a practicing dentist in Grand Rapids, Michigan and I do NOT advocate the use of toothpaste.

Do you ever think about what exactly toothpaste is? Why do our biological teeth require man-made substances to maintain health?

I'll guide you down the rabbit-hole, but like most people, you will most likely find it's more comfortable to live in the fantasy world you've been commiserating yourself in since birth.

I have an extended grandfather who was also a scientist and a doctor, working with other professionals to find the optimal solution to combating teeth decay.

What they discovered was nothing more than grotesque, abhorrent and shocking. An absolute goldmine of an idea.

You see, our teeth only rot because of excess sugar. However, when left to their own devices, the teeth will heal themselves, and possibly become more white than before. What they proved was that when you introduce a substance called fluoride to the teeth, the teeth becomes whiter, but also the teeth get addicted to it like heroin. If it doesn't get fluoride each and every day, the teeth will become yellow.

Without fluoride, your teeth will become white on their own. With fluoride, your teeth are now addicted and need the substance in order to stay white.

They began working with an elite secret society to manufacture the "solution to yellow teeth." They propagated pirates as having yellow teeth, leaving the viewer to infer that the lack of toothpaste is what caused it. A new billion dollar industry needed to enter the market, and it was discovered: Toothpaste.

As long as a person introduces the fluoride to their teeth, then their teeth will need to have a dose of fluoride on a daily basis to prevent the teeth from rotting.

10 percent of all dentists know this fact. However, most of us become just as greedy as our ancestors, and start playing the game. If we sell the toothpaste, our kids will get to eat.

Just really ponder that, reader. Why would our body parts REQUIRE a man-made substance to maintain health??

Chances are, you're too far-gone now. Keep brushing your teeth.

&#x200B;