The pilot's voice could not hide the panic as he made the announcement, "Ladies and gentlemen, I have just contacted the airport and we are asking you to get into emergency positions, flight attendants will be around to help you buckle in."  

Panicked whispers surrounded Alex as the obviously frightened flight attendants quickly strapped each other in.  The plane shuddered violently and people screamed around her.  Despite herself, adrenaline surged through her body and she fought not to get out of her seat.

"Mary, mother of god, pray for my sins," an older lady next to her prayed through her tears as she clutched what Alex thought might be a rosary.  She wasn't Catholic but had picked up that much knowledge to make the guess.  She wasn't anything actually and for the first time in her life wondered if she should be.

Her overhead compartment had come open caused by the violent jerk moments before and her eyes shifted upward.  Unsurprisingly her eyes met those of the jet black cat with piercing yellow eyes that were staring back into hers.  In that moment she smiled because she knew she'd survive.  Others considered black cats unlucky, but not this one.  It had been there when she was abducted as a child, leading her from the woods to safety.  It had appeared at her auto accident and she swore that it had undone her seat belt seconds before impact.  Being thrown from the car had saved her they told her.  Then it hit her.  How the hell had it gotten onto a plane and into her overhead compartment?

"What the fuck are you?" she asked the cat out loud, her question drowned out by the people talking, crying, and yelling around her.  The lady next to her flinched a little at her language.  The cat seemed to smile at her.

"I want you to lean back in your seat," the cat's whisper entered her head, "Take the seat cushion from beneath your seat and bury your head in it.  You must lean forward and slightly  to the  right with it covering your left side completely."

"What?" she asked the cat, "How are you speaking to me?"

"I am speaking in your head," the cat's smile deepened, "Now do as I say and you will survive the crash."

"What the hell will that do?" Alex growled at him but found herself grabbing the seat cushion and holding it.

"Probability calculations," the cat mewed in her mind, "Show that you have a 99.997% chance of miraculously surviving this crash if you do precisely what I ask.  Your chance drops to near zero if you do otherwise."

"What about the others?" Alex asked him.  She guessed there were about a hundred people on this flight.

"They do not matter," the tinny voice stated flatly.

"Like hell they don't." She said and threw the cushion to the ground, "I'll take my chances."

"You are being difficult, Alex," the cat stated and hissed at her to show his annoyance, "Do as I say."

"No," Alex told him, then bargained, "Save all of us or none of us."

"Damnit," the cat said then closed his eyes, "I have made the calculations, are you serious about this, Alex?  If you are not pick up the pillow and do as I said, you still have time."

"Dead serious, cat." She stated and the lady next to her finally dropped her rosary and looked at her.

"Who are you talking to?" the lady looked up to the open compartment and back down at her.  Alex realized the woman couldn't see the cat.  She wondered if she were going insane.  Then she laughed.  Who cared, if she were insane she'd be dead soon anyway.

"Nobody," she said sideways at the lady then looked back up, "I am dead serious.  Everyone or no one."

"Alex," the cat sighed, "do precisely what I say when I say it, otherwise it will be no one.  Get up!"

Alex undid the seat belt and stood up.

"Jump over the lady and head toward the cockpit, do not delay," the cat ordered.

Alex jumped the startled praying lady and ran toward the cockpit, one of the attendants yelled at her to get back to her seat but the plane bounced again at that moment, sending Alex slamming to the ground.

"Get up, your fall was calculated,"  the cat stated, "Go to the cockpit door.  I had to help both pilots into unconsciousness for this so don't screw it up.  That will cost me dearly.  The keypad code is 34481."

Alex was at the cockpit door and punching in the numbers.  The flight attendant was unbuckling her seat belt as she dashed into the cockpit and slammed the door shut.  She found both pilots slumping in their seats.

"Remove the male pilot from his restraints, you do not have time," the cat's voice sounded frantic, "Move Alex! Get him out of that seat now."

She moved like she'd never moved before, pulling an arm muscle while straining to throw him to the floor.  Behind her someone was banging on the cockpit door.  She buckled herself in and her mouth opened.  What the hell was she doing?

"Do not look out the cockpit window," the cat said and she didn't, "Now push the yellow button on the side of the control wheel then grab the wheel tightly."

As Alex pushed it the plane shuddered violently.  A red light was flashing to her left, it was labeled "Landing Gear"

"Why is that light flashing?" Alex asked but there was no answer, instead more orders.

"Alex, tense up," the cat said and she did, "When I count to three I want you to pull as hard as you can on the wheel and lean back.  Put all your weight into it.  3... 2... 1..."

As Alex pulled back her view went out the front cockpit window and she screamed, despite herself.  The tree tops were so damned close she almost shit herself.

"Oh my g..." she yelled and felt the shudder of the trees scraping the bottom of the plane, it pulled slightly skyward.

"Now Alex, you've ripped the casing from the landing gear, they are no longer stuck," the cat said, "It's coming down now."  She turned to see the red light go from yellow and then to green.  "Push down gently on the lever to your right.   Good, now release the control wheel gently forward."

Seconds later the plane shuddered gently as the wheels made contact with the runway.

"Now, push the lever forward until you hear a click.  Good." the cat sighed in her head.  "You're more trouble then you're worth, girl."

"Now what?" Alex yelled at him.  She turned to find the cat was curled up on the unconscious female pilot to her right and it yawned sleepily at her.

"Now you can stop asking me questions," the cat said, "We've landed you idiot."

She could hear sirens outside the cockpit window.  Behind her, through the opening cockpit door, the attendant had finally opened it she heard cheers.  She turned to ask the cat what to do now but it was gone.  

Alex stood up to see the attendant glare at her.  To her surprise the attendant grabbed her in a bear hug and whispered, "Thank you."

"I hope I'm not in too much trouble," Alex asked her as the other attendants crowded around her to help the pilots.

____

The man and the cat stood on a hill overlooking the airport.  Flashing red lights lit up the night below.

"You used one of your lives to affect events," the man said as he looked down at the cat, "I'm impressed."

"I did, old man." the cat said with a sigh.

"Is she worth it?" the old man grinned as he asked his oldest friend the question.

"She better be." the cat lifted himself from the ground, stretched, and disappeared into the night. 