"Shit."

The elevator stops abruptly, almost knocking me out of my balance. The cigarette between my lips dropped to the floor. I press the emergency button. Fucking elevator decides to mess with me when I'm already overwhelmed with problems in the office. Fucking engineers can't make an elevator function right. What next? Fucking computers get viruses and update when I don't want to? Damn the world.

I impatiently tap my foot on the metal floor. The elevator is damn small and I'm feeling claustrphobic. The elevator isn't one those fancy kinds that can fit a queen size bed in, no. This one can be compared to a porta-potty. Jesus, I need to get out. 

Two minutes passed, I feel like I'm gonna die. Feeling desperate, I bang on the metal doors. This can probably worsen my situation but to be honest, I just want to fucking get out of the elevator, finish my work, and go home to play with my kids, and kiss my wife.   

I've been working non-stop for a week, to the point I need to sleep in my office, barely having enough time to see my family. 

5 minutes. 5 WHOLE minutes. No fucking help arrives. Not even one. As if time is fucking acting slowly. 5 minutes had gone, yet no rescue comes.

20 minutes. I'm losing my mind. Everthing seems to be closing in on me. I feel like an invisible wall is crushing me, making it hard to breathe. My lungs tighten and I gasp for air. I've felt claustrophobic but this felt oddly different. Like someone, or something, is definitely compressing on me, making my lungs not work properly. My hurt starts to burn, i let out a soundless scream, even though it feels like I'm screaming all my insides out.

The fucking pain! The agony! I feel tears run down my face. This pain is too much to take. I take a deep breath.


And everything turns black.


I don't know how much time has passed. I hear a faint ding, and I open my eyes slowly.

"Oh my god!" I hear a shriek follow. What the fuck happened? I remember feeling so much pain. But I feel completely fine. I try to get up. I see a slim woman with a tight dress, an expensive looking handbag, and a phone on her hand. Her face contains pure shock that I would have laughed if I am not feeling so confused.

Why the fuck is this woman wearing the tightest and shortest dress I had ever seen? Her hair has streaks of blue and red it hurts my eyes. And why the fuck is she in our office building? Is she a visitor? Why the hell did security let this woman enter here?

"Get out my face hobo! Security!" She shouts at full volume. Fucking hell. I am screwed.

"What time is it?" I ask her. She looks at me like I came from another dimension.

"Don't ask me freak!" I feel a sudden pain on my arm, as a guard twists it so it is behind me. Fuck!

"Follow us, sir." An officer tells me.

"Who the fuck are you? Where the hell is Harry?! Harry is supposed to be in your shift! Who the fuck are all of you?!" I shout at them. All I got are eyes looking at me as if I'm crazy. 

I fell with a loud thud on the pavement. With the guard telling me to get away from their premises. I quickly stand up, intending to shout at them for disrespecting an executive but I was shocked at what I saw next. 

The street is full of people. Cars are everywhere, honking and passing by. I know there were cars in my place but the cars that drive by looks more expensive, flahshier, and fucking marvelous than the car I own. I look around and even though we have a lot of people walking near our building, the akount of people walking around is INSANE. As if random people spawned randomly in the area. What's odd is that almost everyone of them has their noses on their phones. 

Not only that but their clothing is so off as well. Girls bearly wearing anything! Short shorts to the point where you can see their butt line, almost half of their breasts shown, and some look like fucking straight up clowns. Too much colors on their eyelids, too much powder it looks unnatural. Ithurts my brain.

I see a girl pass by me. Unlike the ones I saw, she looks decent, wearing a modest dress, hair tied up in a ponytail, barely a hint of lipstick in her lips, and a light blush on her cheeks. I tap her shoulder.

"Um, yes sir? Need something?" She asks with a worried tone. Worried about me or her safety, I didn't care.

"What time is it?" 

"It's 12:36. Why?" I curse. I was stuck for 2 hours?! Damn!

"What is the date today?"

"April 25." Good. Same day. But it looked like a decade had passed.

"What year?"

"Sir, are you okay? Would you like me to get he--"

"WHAT YEAR?!" I grabbed both of her arms. Her eyes looks like it's about to release tears, but I DON'T care. It feels like a decade had passed. And I am fearing that a decade had INDEED passed. The way they dress, how my surroundings look like, and everything around me is different. So much different than where I was two hours before. My Kids, my wife... Where are they?

"Sir.."

"Please." I beg. Is it that hard to say the year of where we live in? The time where SHE lives in?

"It's 2018."