"TADA!!" as a quite built figure came out bursting and with glitter in his hand

"Dave? Is that you? You gave me quite a scare there."

"I thought it would be funny to come out of the closet quite literally and no better to do it than today."

"It's Valentine's Day." Richard was shocked.

"Yeah. Exactly..." he blushed

"I thought you were with Stephanie?"

"I lied."

And from that moment on, Richard questioned what he knew about his best friend. He thought he knew everything ever since they we're in elementary. But clearly, he didn't...

"I don't know what to say?" Richard still in shock

"You don't to say anything. I thought of it as a well-timed joke but do note that I am serious about this."

"You're actually gay?"

"Yup. And I like you." Dave reluctant to say anything more.

"I thought I know you."

"I thought so too but it's been weird for these past few terms. I kept oogling and ogling at you whenever you take down notes. I thought it meant nothing. Not until now at least."

"This is a lot to take in." Richard understanding what's happening right now.

"Sorry." Dave looking down at the floor.

"You don't have to be. Sadly, I only like you as my best of friends. I hope that we still are."

"Yeah, we are. And thanks for accepting me."

"Why wouldn't I. This is a first for me. I thought I knew everything and you coming out was... surprising to say the least" He scoffed at his current situation.

"Yeah. Haha." Dave laughed awkwardly

"Anyways, I've gots to go. Social Study would start any minute" He grabbed his bag and went out through the door.

"Dammit. I thought he would hug me." A strange, groan-y voice fills the room.

"I needed him for a new body." The dark, green, slimy parasite glowed behind the head of Dave shifted out of color from Dave's brown hair.

The weird, alien-like parasite looks up and analyzes a way to get Richard's healthy body. The body of Dave, however, just leans forward all drooling and brain-dead. 

"Oh well. I'll just get him later during Anthropology at 8." The parasite now shifts back into his disguise and walks towards the door, waiting 'till 8'o clock.
  


