Sure I suppose this job is the opportunity to overcome my employment virginity that my family never fails to shame me over. I genuinely would really like to be employed and the lot, but I honestly couldn't work here, no, never. The walls are pasty, the ceiling fans are creaking, "only dumb nuts get into insurance anyways" 

"Who are you calling a nut?" the bearded man with slightly too well groomed facial hair said through a mouth that was dimpled with pure joy. My face was anything but joyous, I mean sure I didn't want the job, but to be a jerk about it... how did that I let that slip out...

"Oh um uh..." all I could muster

"Hey now partner, I take no offence to your honesty, you really think I expect someone to be enthused about a male secretary position? I mean listen man its a paycheck , nothing more than that" Leaning in to shake my hand from his desk I failed to notice his warm posture signalling a greeting... I reciprocated darting like a lizard to his hand.

"Hey I'm uh real sorry"

"And I'm a real Rodney! Listen don't worry about it, lets just get started. How about that?"

"Well uh... to be honest then, I really don't want this job. I'm only here cause my my mom wants me to get a job an all that, listen you know the story I'll just go home, I really don't want to waste your time."

"Huh, hey man you know when I was your age, what are ya twenty?"

"Yeah around that, I'm twenty-two" 

"Listen then, when I was your age all I did was question myself, I had no confidence, no drive, nothing kiddo!" 

"Oh man, uh honestly I just think insurance is a boring gig, and being a male secretary is just a little not my speed" my head was swiveling in a jittery motion from my ever tightening neck. His face donned sympathy, I wasn't done... I couldn't just sink back in my chair at home and stair at my computer, no he was ready to accommodate me 

"You know what kiddo! You need confidence and drive! Don't let the world shame you outta a job! Lucky for you your application has your moms contact info under emergency contacts, so you're getting this job regardless of your volition or intention." He was so proud of himself, he knew he was just a great person. I could tell he was satisfied. It seemed a little invasive, but you can't stop someone on a crusade sanctioned by the pope of empathy the twenty-second, god R/history is leaking into my thoughts maybe I really do need this job.

"Uh wow you are uh really insistent on this, I uh guess I can't really stop you, huh..." Well played almost slipped out too, but it wasn't a play I suppose. He Just a really wholesome dude.  

"Listen squirt, You'll thank me later I promise! I'll call your mom tonight and make it more than clear to her the job is yours. You can head out now man, see you soon alright!" His manor of speaking increased in expediency and in a second I was walking out saying softly "Uh see you soon too" I felt a little violated, cause there would be no coming to head with my mom... Well damn I guess I'm employed now... 

The phone rang, when the door to exit closed behind the newest employee walking to his car "Hey yup its Rodney, yeah get this! The emergency contact came through with the save, calling his mom tonight to tell her" The phone resting slyly on his ear awaiting a reply "Haha yup, guess he didn't read the reviews online! Hey his fault, we finally got the spot filled!"
