I opened my eyes to see the familiar interior of a family car from the back seat.

"Fuck."

My mother turned around with a look of shock on her face. My father chuckled under his breath as he continued toward the house.

This was the fifth time this had happened. My previous life had ended with a heart attack; I was only 47 years old. I was fond of that body; I'd run a marathon, summitted Everest and completed my dissertation. I had gathered a base of fans, who I now heard over the talk radio in an interview.

"Harrison Michael was found dead this morning in his apartment. The cause of death is unknown at this time; however, those close to him suggest that it may have had something to do with his cardiac problems from early childhood. An unfortunate loss. Stay tuned, we will give updates as we learn more."

My father shook his head and turned to my mother. 

"Do you remember when we met Harrison during our last marathon?"

My mother gasped as the memory came back to her. "That was him?"

At that moment, I had an idea. What if I told them about my previous life? They were a nice couple, and it would be nice to catch up with them; to talk about the good old days. What could go wrong?

"Mom, dad?"

"Yes, pumpkin?"

"I'm Harrison Michael."

My mother turned around again. At this point, she was furious. Apparently, the boy who lived in this body wasn't a very precocious child and my statements had shaken her. Suddenly, I felt the impact as the driver's side of the car collapsed in on my seat. The metal folded into me and I felt the hot blood spurt from my head.

I listened to the screams as it happened. My parents shouting as I faded out of consciousness.

"Pity, they were such nice people."

I felt my final breath leave my body as I closed my eyes for the last time.

I opened my eyes through the liquid, but at this point, it was tears instead of blood. My teacher looked down at me, wagging her finger.

"You can't just do something like that, Preston. There is an order to things that you'll learn about when you're older."

"I'm sorry, miss." I replied.