Talus sat at the fire watching the wood burn lost in the peace of it all. He had a quiet corner of the guild hall away from the wild adventurers as they drank and rableroused away their troubles. He was passed that. They were some of the best in all Asherlon, and this was be best guild in Free Haven. The thought brought a smile to his face. 

Trevor was bringing an post, he could smell the pledges fear from across the room. The boy was going to have to learn how to get past the fear if he were ever going to be full member. 

“What is it Trevor?"

“S- sorry sir, but you have a letter. It looks important.”

Talus held his hand up. The young tiefling placed the letter in Talus’ hand and quickly turned to leave. “Trevor, they are playing with you. I don't eat the heads of pledges that disappoint me.”

"Yes sir." 

The letter was sealed with a golden wax seal it with a flaming claw impression. It was the seal he knew well. The Conclave was calling for his tribute. He broke the seal and in his head he heard the call of Ra’llistor, head of the Conclave. In side was a simple meassage;


Ta’losin,

Cousin your horde tribute is due. I know you have no love of gold but every thousand years it is due that you pay tribute to me. You must send a tenth of your pathetic horde, or be hunted by your father, In'aldin, my Venerer.


The tribute can be sent by simply closing the seal from this message and placing it on your tribute.


Ra'llistor


He closed the seal and it fused back to its original form he shoved the paper into the coin purse that he always kept at his side. A flash of light escaped the purse and he felt the hundred coins he kept there evaporate.

“Trevor!"

The tiefling had been watching an arm wrestling match between two prideful brutes. He was at Talus’ sife in a flash. “Sir?"

“Go to Derak, tell him i had an unexpected expense and i need more from the Guild's expense account. And I'm sorry i have no receipt. Have him put it in this purse. He will understand.”

"Yes, Guild Master."

The tiefling looked at the purse and in Draconic he read “My Horde” with a questioning look he turns and leaves

