I just finished my semester in university. Classes greatly increase difficulty as time goes on. I put all of my effort by focusing only in education and managed to get not-bad grades, and sometimes bombing some exams. However, it is hard not look and envy those friends that managed to get a perfect score without much trouble. I keep motivating my self by proclaiming that my field of technology is always on demand.

As the semester ends, I decided to apply for jobs and internships opportunities. My previous jobs were brutally exhausting, quick paced, bad payed and stressful, but having multiple jobs was necessary for my expenses. Fortunately, I was able to survive with a good reputation and met new people, at least I can say that I have something secured. As time goes on, send my resume, do test and interviews, and then I get rejection after rejection, some are polite and nice, but others demoralize me. I talk to my parents about my current situation, sometimes cry and frustrate myself but always recover. I consider whether to use loans to cover my expenses instead of another job as the situation gets stressful.

My social life is not very active, have a hard time making new friends, and barely have time in which I am free. However, I managed to keep a few friends, which are not always the best. Not being able to enjoy a lot due to the situation in life that I had been put to test.

I'm there with my family before the new year starts, remembering the year before entering the new one. I am thankful for what I have and motivated to keep working harder and improve next year.

My parents are amazed that I never lost hope and didn't spoil. The think I have learned all the skills that I needed and built the right personality to be successful, so they decided to finally change my life's difficulty from 'Expert' to 'Novice' without telling me when I was asleep on December 31th.

I wake up to a new year, and with-in that week, I received an offer from one of the most prestigious tech company. I get offered a incredible salary, excellent work-place with expenses included. I couldn't believe it, it took me several days to digest the information and often drain all my energy to the excitement. 

As university starts, I go to class everyday and put all of my effort into my education as I always did. But this time something is different. I understand everything with details, and I am able to absorb all the content quickly. My grades go up and I often try to help my partners that can't understand the content. Professors are amazed with my skills. 

I was also exposed to new places and activities, this caused that I was able to build new friendships. I was supportive and kind as always. People slowly formed stronger connections with me, and I this time I had time to enjoy myself.

Then I grow up with morals to be a productive and successful being.