Awaking from a two hour nap on the flight to Seoul. Exhausted because his flight was delayed three hours. The residual effects from the scotch Albert Feinstein had at the airport bar. Made him hung over and eager to land. A diplomatic trip to Seoul to ease tensions between the US govt and partners in South Korea against North Korea’s tyrannical regime. 

Noticing the plane still flying at a high altitude. Confused and disgruntled, Albert believed perhaps he was sleeping when the pilot had announced they’d be arriving shortly.

“How long til we land?” Albert eagerly asked a passenger.

The Korean lady responded but didn’t speak English.
Albert confused but unbothered. Figured he would take a short nap as he remained jet lagged and a bit dazed from the long sleep.

“Attention passengers. We have news to share with you. Fair warning there’s nothing to worry about as our flight plan has remained the same. We are currently experiencing difficulty communicating with Korean air traffic control in Seoul. And our radar is down. We will continuing circling the area until communications are restored we will keep you updated as soon as we get new information. Thank you for your cooperation.”

Albert was oblivious to this announcement as the after effects of his scotch had hit him once more and  he fell back asleep.

Waking up to serve turbulence and shouting from the passengers. Albert was alert and frightened of the impending doom that awaited.

“Please everybody remain calm. We’re experiencing turbulence but there’s nothing to worry-“

The planes wing seemed to have cracked due to high winds. Oxygen masks dropped and panic ensued.

Albert strapped his mask on as the plane prepared for a crash landing. When the wing ripped off and smoke rose from the rear of the plan. A hole opened on the side of the plane.

Suddenly passengers were sucked through the gap as baggage and debris flew all around the plane. 

Dropping altitude dangerously quick.  Albert prepared for the rough landing. Albert assumed he wouldn’t survive.

Albert crossed himself and made peace with his fate. Looking out the window amidst the terrifying screams. As the engine sputtered

He watched as the plane veered head first into the ocean.

Scared and alone.
