“How was I supposed to know it was your wife!?” cried Nimh, “She could not hear me moan my own wife’s name for she is deaf.”

“As is your wife, you fool!” shouted Sung.

The two brothers charged at one another, or so they thought. The points of their swords clunked against the worm cement walls. The echos reverberated through the room, compounding the spatial delirium.

“Where are you!?”

Something whizzed past Nimh’s ear, and he immediately jumped to swing his own weapon, and missed. The passion behind his swing took him off balance, and reaching out to the wall that once seemed behind him, left him no choice but to fall as silently as possible on the dirty floor.

Sung, himself careful not to scuffle his feet on the floor for fear of being heard, marched around the room with high knees. He poked his blade around the room’s edges becoming acquainted with the space. A door to the right. One open window halfway between it and the wall to the left. A picture frame dangling on the adjacent wall.

Despite Sung’s efforts, Nimh could still hear his encroaching footsteps. With luck he’d step right into his clutches. But with each quieter click of the heels, Nimh grew impatient. He could not wait to stick his blade through Sung’s chest, and feel his heart beat grow slower and slower against the ball of his fist, to hear him beg for forgiveness in his last breath.

Suddenly, a bottle rolled across his head. How long had he been daydreaming? Then Sung’s foot dug right into his crotch.

“You bastard!” Nimh screamed as he heaved his saber over his head. Certainly, this would cleave his traitorous brother in two, but nothing was there.

Sung, dusted his hands from the brick he luckily lofted at his brother’s loins, and sprinted to his position. He lunged his blade straight into the ground. Clang!

Nimh, rolled off to the side, and waved furiously through the air hoping to strike his brother down.

Sung, equally enraged, spun in a circle with his weapon in hand, wandering about the room.

Unfazed by the constant spinning surroundings due to being blind, hours passed as the brothers danced in the open courtyard.

Then suddenly, each struck simultaneously in the face. The reach up to their faces, certain that it happened so swiftly, they expected their heads to fall from their necks. No blood, just a throbbing bruise about the eye.

They winced from the pain, seeing red.

Seeing red? It can’t be. Slowly the light from the window came to Sung. Then to Nimh.

They each looked at the weapons in their grasp, not swords at all, but bamboo sticks about the abandoned building.

Then they each came into each other’s view. “Sung, is that you?”

“It is me, my brother! My sight is restored!”

They each dropped their sticks, and embraced each other warmly, forgiving each other with loving new eyes.
