I looked down at the cut, “Well that’s strange.” But little did I know the cut was just the beginning.

Speaking of beginnings let’s start there.  The name is Steve, yeah I know the most average name you’ve ever heard.  Well to be honest that pretty much summed up my life, average. 

I was an average baby, average kid, average teenager, you get the point.  I ended up working a boring job as a accountant, to add that to the list. 

I got married, had a couple a kids, lived my life, but then something really weird happened.  My son Jack cut his knee while riding his scooter.  Scooters are way more dangerous than I ever thought by the way so watch out.  

Anyway when I go up to touch the cut to see how bad it looks, it just goes away, completely gone. For someone who’s entire life was normal this was definitely something new. 

I started testing this new found power on other people.  For instance my neighbor got a terrible case of the flu and I went to comfort him and when I touched him, the flu was gone. 

This went on for about a year. I cured injuries, diseases, allergies, hell I even could correct hearing and eyesight problems.  I was finely something other than the boring average guy everyone plagued me to be.

But that’s when the worst happened.  I was outside at the park relaxing after a long day’s work when all the sudden, I saw a cut appear on my knee.  This was no ordinary earned cut either one seconded I was laying on the grass and the other it was there. 

The next day all the sudden I had gotten very sick, sneezing, coughing and all sorts of bad things.  I had the flu.  It didn’t take me long to realize that everything I cured, was slowly happening to me, in exact order.  I really wish I didn’t cure John of his constant switching of erectile distinction and priapism. 

Well I knew my life was short lived as I had cured thousands of people.  I decided to at least tell the town so that they weren’t confused as shit, so I held a town meeting. 

“As you all know I have been curing everyone’s diseases for about a year now.  It’s been a great year for everyone, especially for me.  But all good things must come to an end.  I have just found out that I wasn’t ridding you of your diseases and injuries.  But instead absorbing them.”

I could see it immediately in the faces of the people I loved.  Shock, horror, disgust, and sadness filled all of their faces.  “I just wanted to let you all know that I won’t be around much longer to cure diseases so if you have anything you don’t want, now is the time.” 


Most people just stood there in shock but of all people my son stood up and walked over to me.  Do you know what he did? He placed his hand on my knee where the cut was.  Before both of our eyes the cut transferred from my knee back to his. “Jack what are you doing?” The smile on his face is something I will never forget. 

One by one each person started to take their diseases back.  People coming up, taking back some things they knew would kill them.  AIDS, cancer, breast cancer (no clue how that works by the way).  The most awkward was John coming back up to take his erectile dysfunction back, god that was weird.

Over the course of the year when the diseases I had absorbed resurfaced people came to take them back. One by one I was slowly cured until I had nothing bad left.  I think I learned something.  It’s not so bad being just normal after all.


Thanks for everyone who read.  There are mistakes everywhere and dialogue problems I know.  This is my first time ever writing and I really just wanted to see how it went so thanks and any feedback is highly appreciated! 
