Blackness...

Nothing...

The bleak tones of a mouth organ wailed through the air, echoing around a chamber of black marble which was polished so brilliantly that the reflections of tiny flickering flames danced around the room like a troupe of sunset clad ballet dancers. They to'ed and fro'ed, they leapt and soared, providing a dim glow to the otherwise pitch black expanse of the chamber. 


The source of these flickers was a lonely fire no bigger than one I would have built myself when camping alone, or in the twilight hours of a fishing trip if I had managed to catch a trout to keep my growling stomach company as I waited for the stars above to creep from behind the daylight. 

Beside the fire sat a hunched figure, who proved to be the source of the melancholic crooning that was reverberating throughout the chamber, echoing as if a choir of sadistic angels. I felt drawn to him. For it was a him. Although it was not human. From the waist down the creature sported thick, matted hair, which clad his powerful legs all the way down to the ankle. From the ankle, powerful hooves protruded, each as smooth and black as the room in which I found myself. 

I approached the figure and called out to him. My body felt as if I was screaming, however the words came out in a feeble croak, the fear in my soul dragging them back into my knotted stomach. 

"Who are you?"

The ensemble continued, unwavering and unfaltered. 

"Who are you?" I repeated. 

No reply. The harmonica glistening in the firelight, gliding between the figures cracked blue lips. 

"Who ar..."

"He won't answer!" Came a shrill voice, "He never answers.".

I whirled around, seeking the source of the voice, however it echoed around the room just as the mouth organ did. It sounded as if it was coming from everywhere. And nowhere. 

"We can offer you steak. And fresh wine. There will be no pain, and you will be the lord of your own kingdom." continued the voice. "You can fish our rivers, walk in our valleys, play in our streams". 

"But you will be alone. There are no people here. Not any more. No family, no friends. No others. Just the animals and plants, and the sun and the sky. Just the stars at night and the light of the moon. Your language will fade and you will never hear the sound of laughter ringing through the air again. You will never know love. You will never be comforted. You will be alone. Eventually your soul will fade, shrinking disheveled into your heart and you will cease to be human. Time will take you. You will become a part of your kingdom for all eternity an animal roaming the lands as any other. Then it will not be your kingdom. For he will always be king. These are his lands..." my eyes snapped back to the creature. "This is hell."

The fire rose up, unfurling to head height. It was alive. Flames leapt from the human like figure and singed the air I was so rapidly breathing.

"Do you accept?" The figure crowed. 

"What choice do I have?" I trembled. 

"Every choice. You can choose to stay here, or repent for your earthly sins and be transported to heaven. But know this, you must truly repent, or you risk sealing your fate here to fade to nothing, a figure of his eternal torment."

"Then I chose to repent! I cannot chose this way, who could?!?"

"There have been a few throughout the ages. They have faded now."

"Not I, I repent." I pleaded. 

"So be it!" The flaming figure cried, diving forwards and engulfing me in a tight grasp. My skin burned white hot, my hair singed and my flesh melting away in agony. We shot upwards, a plume of smoke billowing from beneath our feet, the ceiling of the chamber fast approaching, all the while the figure's searing fingers clawing at my face an neck. Never slowing, we crashed through the ceiling.

Blackness...

Nothing...

I awoke to a searing pain which scorched over my whole body.

The chamber was white this time. Brilliant white. As though I was standing in a room of nothing. 

"You should have stayed!" A voice boomed.

I held up a hand, shielding the dazzling white light. A majestic figure approached, on horseback. He was old. Not that he appeared old. He bore no wrinkles, and his hair was flowing and black. Thick muscles adorned his chest and neck, and his thick thighs sat atop his golden steed. But his eyes. Deep pools of memory that gazed from behind sunken sockets. Dark galaxies, all seeing, all knowing, all powerful. 

"My lands have become plagued by the likes of you. I will have lucifer's head for this. He should know better than allow the likes of you into my kingdom!".

His voice pierced my very being, intensifying the pain, knocking the breath out of my lungs. 

Panting for breath, I summoned the courage. "Forgive me. I beg you!" I whimpered. 

He threw back his head, roaring with laughter. "Forgive you?!? What good would that do. You are in heaven now. My kingdom. Wether I forgive you means nothing."

"You should have stayed where you belong!" The man boomed. "No matter, you will see for yourself soon enough!". 

He clapped his enormous hands together and the whole room quaked. Gilded doors swung open on the other end of the chamber, and I sprinted out of the room. Eager to escape the overbearing presence of the old man. 

A scene of horror emerged as my eyes adjusted. Screams of terror and the acrid flavour of smoke filled the air. The city below burned. A woman dashed from behind a blazing cabin followed by a stream of melted figures, scarred flesh bubbling and raw, bounding after her with hunger and malice in their eyes. 

She was fast, however she could not have seen the root of the shrivelled tree which grasped at her ankles, dragging her to the ashen ground. Her blonde locks fell over her face, covering her bruised cheeks and bleeding lip. 

They were on top of her. Pinning her to the ground, hungrily tearing at her clothes, lashing her with branches torn from trees and biting at her with gnawing, sharpened teeth. Their fingernails gouging into the flesh in which they were grasping and bringing forth fountains of blood. 

"What hell is this...?" I gasped. 

"It is heaven." Boomed the voice from within the chamber behind me. "A heaven which has swung open its doors who all that wish to come here. A heaven that has been pillaged by the murderers, rapists and thieves which the world so brutally creates. 

"What are those things... those monsters?". The words left my mouth, but in myself I had already answered my own question. 

"They are the evil ones." The man replied, exiting the room to stand by my side. "The ones who do not belong". 

I glanced at my reflection in his golden saddle. My stomach churned and I tasted bile. Shredded and torn. Burnt and disfigured. Hairless and naked. Shiny white scars wrapped around my entire body like vines. An evil mark of the torment I had to endure to gain entry into heaven. My eyes stared out of my skull from lidless sockets, my face melted like wax. It appeared as if my skin was dripping. I was a monster. 

"They had a choice, as did you. Now you must face the consequences of your choices". 

I fell back, in shock. So much shock that I did not feel my body hit the ground. It felt as if I was falling. Eternally falling. I covered my eyes with my decrepit hands. 

Blackness...

Nothing...

"CLEAR!"

A shock ran through my entire system, spanning to my fingers and toes. My chest leapt into the air. I landed on the gurney with a thud. White lights all around me, the acrid out of the smoke still fresh in my nostrils. I tried to open my eyes but find them already open. 

I look down at myself. Shredded and torn. Burnt and disfigured. Hairless and naked. Shiny white scars wrapped around my entire body like vines.

"You were in a fire" a voice above me says. "We resuscitated you, you are alive, you will survive."

I later learned that I was clinically dead for one minute and six and 2/3 seconds. The doctors thought I was dead but decided to give the defibrillator one more shot. 

One more chance... 

I know the choices I must make now. 