"Ha," I thought, "showed it to you, didn't I?" Life can't outsmart cautious me. "What was next though? Nausea?" I wondered, "And will I lose that finger that I reattached someone else?" Life smiled at me, reacting to my pawn move by moving his knight towards the middle. "Mean Bastard" I murmured and his smile broadened. Mandy gave me a reassuring squeeze, that's when the uneasiness in my stomach started. "Can you bring me a bucket or get me to the restroom... Never mind" I murmured to her. She just shrugged, helpless against her insubstantial nature; I can't push them away now either. Steve and his daughter are the only real people that still visit my wretched form. As if taking my thoughts as a queue Life commented, "Isn't Steve downstairs?" with a grin on his face. "Steve," I murmured, "Humph". "Come on," Life encouraged me, "You can do it". "Steve" I croaked, still not loud enough. "Stev..." I tried when a coughing fit began again. Meanwhile Life was watching me struggle and enjoying himself, that ass. That's why I named him that, cause he's such an ass, just like life.

All I wanted to do was help people, really badly at that, probably leading me to having my ability to heal. Now I have to pay the shitty price and only my then and now best friend Steve still stuck around, and sometimes his daughter as well. She rarely comes by though, due to the fact that she still blames herself that I am stuck with the likes of Life. For her though, that cute but closed off and confused child back then, I would do it again. No one knew what she really had as she wouldn't almost talk at all, now we know it was Schizophrenia. "Come take my hand" Life offered, with a less malicious face now, his intent to harm hidden well. "Just leave him alone" said Amicano, one of the few other friendly presences in my life, though he is changed after we felt the despair that he cannot help me either.

That is when Steve came into my little room, pulling me up from the floor next to my chessboard, apologizing for having not looked at the list and realizing that it is a year after when I cured someone's morning sickness. "It's fine" I murmured, slowly dragging my head up.  He helped me and my crooked, "freshly" broken legs, to the bathroom. I felt gorge rising, while Life gloatingly made mockery of my stumbling and sardonically smiled at me. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw Amicano running, launching himself into a superman punch that slammed Life's crouched figure completely to the ground. His peak physique, achieved by uninterrupted training out of my presence, taking care of gangly Life. With a beginning of a smile I said, "Thanks", both to the deed now and his consideration of not showing off near me unless beating my demons down. "Sure" answered Steve, unasked though it was.

Realizing he had already brought me to the bathroom I leaned over the porcelain, gripping with my frail hands the inside of the rim, not caring for anything, as there is nothing I haven't caught yet or will. After my second time coughing up bile I heard an uncharacteristic plop. Something red was swimming in the bowl among the yellow. "I guess that answers the finger question" a new face said. Different face but same malicious expressions and sardonic voice, Life. His old self is probably still distracting Amicano, who is unable to take care of them all. "It's alright," I said to Steve reaching for my finger, "what would I do with it either way?" Life, not liking to be ignored, harped, "Scratch those gauges on your back?"

Thus another day begins, hoping for some cure or some other reason to continue "living". But I guess seeing Steve and maybe the now beautiful and strong woman his daughter has become, shall be enough.

Edit: Polished the beginning a bit