Just like every day, the old man was making tea, when he felt a strange breeze flow through his home. A cold breeze, a breeze that chills the bones. A breeze not so common in June. He turned around, and surprised, saw a shadowy figure behind him with his hand raised towards him. 
"The shepherd of souls has come for you John. Come, for it is your time. Do not resist, for nobody can escape, though many have tried"
The old man, seeing the inevitability of it all, surrendered to the figure "may I at least finish my tea first?" 
The figure nodded and John turned to his cupboard to get a tea cup, but the figure had no intention of waiting, and with a quick gesture of his hand conjured a scythe, and raised it to swiftly cut the old man down. 
But John, in all his years of fighting, had developed a sixth sense of sorts, and used the kettle to party the swing. 
The figure, shocked by what just happened, took the fatal mistake of taking a step back, a mistake quickly taken advantage of by John, who rushed to the other room, where he kept his sword collection.
As he was taking up his sword, he felt the bone chilling breeze again, and without thinking twice turned around and held his sword up, still in it's scabbard, to parry the figure's second blow. 
"John you cannot resist. Nobody can vanquish death. Your time has come"
But John wasn't one to give up easily, especially now that his heart was rushing and adrenaline coursing through his entire body. 'the rush of the battle' he thought 'how I've missed this'. He took a step back, and with a swift movement unseathed his sword and swung at the shadow, cutting a piece of his robe, that fell down and vanished in a small cloud of smoke.
The figure, without saying a word, rose his scythe, and they began to exchange blows.
Their battle went on for over an hour, but while the figure showed no signs of fatigue, John was exhausted, the toll of his old age was too high.
He fell down on one knee, one hand on the pommel of his sword, the other grasping his arm, which was bleeding from the Shadow's last blow.
"It is over John, like many others you have fought death, and like all of them you have failed."
The shadow rose his scythe to deliver the final blow, but as it was descending John let out a mighty roar, and thrust his sword through the Shadow's head.
"This....this cannot...be!!" Yelled the shadow, dropping his scythe and falling to his knees in horror.
A bright light was shining through it's head, and it emitted a screech so loud windows shattered, and John fell to his knees grasping his ears, bleeding.
The shadow rose once again, but not with its own strength, but it seemed like it was levitating. With the sword still in it's head he spoke
"You cannot defeat death John. It is inevitable, something all living things must encounter. You may think you have won, but you have only earned yourself a fate worse than you could ever imagine"
John, with his last bit of strength, tore the sword out of the Shadow's head and with one swift movement cut the figure in half.
An explosion of light immediately followed, throwing John to a wall, where he lie unconscious. 
While unconscious he had terrible dreams, dreams of genocide, of murders, of war, of mutilated bodies.
He woke up hours later, screaming and soaked in sweat. It was dark out, the room he was in destroyed.
On the ground before him he saw the robes of his opponent, but as he approached them, they vanished in a cloud of smoke. 
John went upstairs to the bathroom to wash himself of the sweat, but as he looked in the mirror, he saw a horrific vision. 
His face was pale as bone. 
As he started looking in horror, he heard the Shadow's voice once again in his head
"You cannot defeat death John. You may think you have won, but you have only earned yourself a fate worse than you could ever immagine"
And suddenly, John felt himself rise into the air, and felt a pain so overwhelming he thought he would die.
He fell to the ground, gasping for air, but found himself unable to.
He looked at his hands: the flesh was  gone, revealing the bone underneath.
In the mirror, he saw his naked skull staring back at him.
For one last time, he heard the Shadow's voice in his head.
"Welcome to my hell"