 

“..Hey, Paulie.”

“Frank??”, I rubbed my eyes in disbelief. 

The last few years had been a challenge. Indefinite imprisonment in solitary confinement. Fire hose showers for breakfast. Dinner in a dog bowl. I was a good citizen, honest. I had voted for the Blue Ties like everyone else. At the time it seemed necessary. We were attacked on both coasts. I'm not a prejudiced person, but we needed to set things right. So, it was war against those savages. War against those Shrine-worshippers. 

“Paulie, I know this must be a bit much to take in.”

I stood there speechless in that plain, white room. 

They told me I was going to see the General. It seemed like a joke. My crime was punishable by torture, death. I knew that. But, it was a low-level crime. Surely, thousands of others are imprisoned just as I,a former Blue Tie. 

“Frank...I ..My Lord.”

I saluted to the Grand General of our Nation.

Frank stifled a grin and lowered his gaze to the chrome tabletop before him.

“Paulie, when I joined the army, things had changed. When we were kids, this country was a mess. Drugs, gangbangers, immoral filth plagued our streets. And why? Because, our nation’s so-called leaders didn’t give a damn for us. They didn’t give a damn about a boy in Pottsberg who was stabbed by two Rope-heads or that mother who was raped by a gang of Claps in South Hagel...why the fuck,then, would they give a damn about anyone but themselves?

We, Paulie..our people, gave a damn.”

Frank spoke, yet I barely hear him. I registered his individual words but they couldn’t string together any practical meaning as I nodded and grinned before the General.

“So, Paulie...anything, anything at all you would wish to say before your General? To your old pal, Frankie Wermoz?”

“My Lord, this is an honor. I do not understand how I have..have been made the privilege as the recipient of such..magnificence.”

“Paulie, enough with the ‘my lord’, shit.”

He slapped his palms on the table top and abruptly stood up. He walked around the table towards me at near the entrance at the far end of the room.

“You’re free, Paul.”

He embraced me, squeezing my right bicep with a firm grip.

I was again speechless.

“..Grand General...*Frank*...Thank you..”

His face hovering inches from mine, he stared straight into my eyes:

“I may be the Grand General, but I’m still your best bud from back home. Don’t forget it.”

I didn’t forget. 

When I returned to my dormitory that night I dreamt of the Leader. He was towering over us all with a smile as wide as the heavens. His dominion: our hearts. our bodies. our spirits. We, his fearless warriors, ready to defend our great nation from a horde of eastern devils.

Our nation’s great hymn rang out in-chorus as he kissed the earth in my peaceful slumber:

**“Oh, Ye, Grand General, great leader from up high. You’re my best friend, my wisest teacher, my father, mother and blood. You know all known. You’ve seen all seen. Grand General, my savior above”.**