Brandon at 25 years old was the youngest supervillain/hero in history. The villians and hero tags are just for show of if they use their powers to aid people or just want to be left alone; now that the supers have all made peace after the war of the supers 30 years ago. The war ended when a bystander Brendon's father Ralph was hit by a mind scramble ray from Omnicronatia. Omnicronatia was a hero with the birth name Cro Natia and he started tapping into omnikenetic powers his most powerful being his mind scramble ray. The battle was ended when Omnicconatia hit a bystander and a fellow hero Mind Surge who wouldn't agree to Omnicronatia's plan of using Omnikinesis to destroy all villains in history and reform the timelines. Mind Surge was preparing a mental power when he was hit and the beam passed through him creating a psychic anomily and hit a cabbie bystander named Ralph. Omnicronatia considered himself a villain after hitting the bystander, so he turned himself into a giant doomsday weapon to kill all. A trio of villains keeps the weapon from charging fully to detonate The Comsumer and The Syphon Twins take as they drain what they can then pass the task of draining as much energy as they can at a time working in shifts. A villain called Electrode is converting it from omnikinetic energy to normal electricity and grounding the normal electricity as grounding discharge like that of lightning he does this on a weekly basis or if he needs to top up his own powers for any reason. 

This week Brandon was inducted into the super association and told to declare hero or villain status. Having mind powers that he honed in training with animals he was ready for human trials for mental treatment research not wanting to answer calls for help all the time he chose villain. His first subjects for treatment were some dementia patients that had random outbursts of violent fits triggered by common objects relating to events up to 25 years ago. He also brings in his father who had dementia caused by the mind scrambling ray hitting 30 years ago. Brandon finds out the mind scambling ray had tossed 25 years worth of memories into a span of 25 seconds into his father's head. He removed guilt from some memories and then at once he removes the scrambled memories and a year worth of PTSD memories of said event for his 68 year old father to not have to feel ashamed about. All memory bits erased were equal to 30 years of memory and it lifted the dementia. 

The dementia caused the father to only remember his civillain life not his life as Mind Surge with the illusion of himself covering for him to get in his cab and drive away from the fight. His fellow hero turning on him suprised him enough the hero part of his mind had shut down until the moment could be processed clearly. After this clicks into place Brandon helps him deal with the world's situation and they both go over to the super weapon and change tactics on the disarming of the weapon they both rewrite the memory in the weapon to target only itself; after all it was a deadman switch running on a basic code of if the brain with the target memory dies or the weapon reaches full power eliminate all villains by exploding. After they rewrite targeting parameters they then tell everyone to charge it to the max; then clear away so as not to get injured if it explodes. This makes Mind Surge the strongest superhero he was formerly second strongest to Omnicronatia but surpassed Omnicronatia when Omnicronata turned into a giant weapon of mass destruction. The dementia had only locked away Ralph's memories of how to activate his powers and memories of being a hero so he still would have been able to use his powers just his memory prevented him from doing so.

Ralph became the first super to beable to say they survived until retirement from the hero gig upon being relisted as surviving the super association made him declare like any other super his choice of tag hero or villain. He said it phrased as so "There is a saying either you die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain; I managed to do both.