"No! Wait, what are you doing! Stop, stop!"

The pain in Gobby's voice was unmistakable, but I was prepared. My heart was hardened, my resolve steeled. I went for the large brick complex at the end of the table first - that was where Gobby said most of them lived. I wrenched it apart from its foundations, oblivious to the chorus of cries from within. It disappeared down the industrial trash bag I had brought with me, and with two quick twists I had sealed it off. The confusion swirled on Gobby's face as he leapt onto the rooftop of what appeared to be the miniature railway station. The spear in his hands quivered as he struggled to master his emotions.

"Stop! She Who Is Called Rebecca, stop! Those are my friends! You are hurting them!"

"I know, Gobby, I know."

"Then set them free! Why are you doing this! He Who Is Called Raymond promised us that you would help us!"

"I am more than happy to talk, Gobby, but first things first. Call off your militia now, wherever they are. I swear, I feel one single prick on my skin, or one single lasso around my ankles, and all your friends will die. Now, Gobby. *Now*."

Gobby blinked. He was not a large gnome by any standards - from head to toe, his red cap included, he was perhaps no taller than your standard Starbucks mug. I wondered how much adrenaline was flowing through that tiny body of his at the moment. He briefly looked as if he would protest further, but he raised one shaky hand and gave the signal. A symphony of *clinks* sounded around me as the gnomes in hiding disarmed.

"How did you... we meant you no harm, She Who Is Called Rebecca. I swear. For self-defence, that's all. We had to make sure that you-"

I smirked. *The Travels of Gulliver* had made it clear - I had the advantage of being a dozen times bigger and stronger than any of them individually, but I stood little chance if they decided to gang up on me. I could never hope to match their agility and nimbleness, and the last thing I wanted today was to end up trussed like a turkey at Thanksgiving. Despite what the movies would have you believe, taking hostages is actually *very* efficient.

"My terms are clear, Gobby. I will give all of you one hour to depart. Take everything you can fit on your backs, then disappear. All of you are not welcome in this house. I will *kill* on sight when the hour is up."

"But... He Who Is Called Raymond promised us sanctuary for a lifetime! He said he or his family are oath-bound to ensure our safety! Where will we go if you cast us out like this?"

"I am not my father, Gobby. I do *not* agree to bear any of his obligations. I don't really care where you end up, as long as you never seek refuge or relief from another human again. The forests, the deserts, the sewers, the wastelands. I don't care. Just go, and do not return."

Gobby fell to his knees and buried his face in his hands. Another of the gnomes crept up to him and enveloped him in a hug. They sobbed as I shook the captives in my bag. "Time's a ticking, Gobby. Best to spend your time packing rather than trying to change the inevitable."

His eyes hardened as he clenched his tiny fists. "Why do you do this to us! We mean you no harm! Are you so heartless that you would cast us aside like this?"

Would he ever understand?

I doubted it. He hadn't spent the same long years I had, pining by the door as father locked himself away, pursuing a world which he could never truly belong to. The gnomes had brought much mirth and joy to my father's life, that much I can admit. No joke I told was ever as funny as theirs, no story I recounted was ever as enchanting as theirs. Father was the world to me, but I was only a small, insignificant part of his. The most concern father had ever shown me was when I broke my legs in an unfortunate tree-climbing incident - and even then, once he had handed me over to the care of the nurses, father was off again, lost in his basement, making merry with his Liliputian friends, embroiled in a never-ending deluge of adventures. Before she passed, mother had comforted me, telling me that father really did love me too, just that he was too occupied to show me.

It wasn't bad enough that Gobby and his people had taken away what was important to me.

It was that he was incapable of *grasping* what he had done to me, to my family. 

"I have done my research, Gobby. Yours is not the only gnomic tribe there is out there. There are others too, others which wander into the homes of humans. You ingratiate yourselves, weave yourselves into our lives. And then you never leave. You stay, like parasites, sucking away time and resources. Do you at least acknowledge that?"

"That is... a partnership, She Who Is Called Rebecca. Partnership! We give as much as we take, and I swear, we never thought of it as us depriving you of anything!"

"And that is the problem. You may not have harbored any ill intentions, but you are *parasites* all the same. I do not know what magic it is you use, but I have seen its effects. My father worked to keep you all happy *till the day he died*. I saw him struggle down the stairs, just to make sure you all were fine. And not once did any of you realise what you were doing to him."

"I swear, we did not know. If we had, we would-"

"What would you have done differently, Gobby? Tell me, I am all ears."

Gobby struggled for the right words, but his mouth only gaped like a fish gasping for breath. I had my answer, so I turned to leave. As I climbed the steps, their womenfolk and young twisting and squirming in my bag, I heard Gobby and his compatriots cry out again for mercy.

There were no easy decisions to make here, but someone had to be the adult.

And if you couldn't be you, father, then it will fall to me. 

"One hour," I said. "Five minutes of that hour have passed. Make do what you wish of the remaining time. I will return, and I will return with *fire*."

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny