In the beginning Joe's eyes wouldn't stop tearing up, but at this point, he would kill for a single drop of vysene. 

"Truce, please Matt, draw for christ's sake"

Seated across from him Matt looked like a character from some dystopian novel,  his eyelids clipped to his bushy eyebrows. Matt smirked, and replied with some of his never-ending trove of sarcasm "Sure thing buddy, blink on three?".

It had been almost 10 hours since he had agreed to participate in this stupid fucking bet. Joe's memory was hazy at this point, not blinking for hours on end could do some pretty strange things to your mind. Anyways, it started as a simple "loser buys the beers" challenge, but an hour in they upped the ante, to $100 dollars, when in Vegas right? NO, it was a slippery slope and they were hundreds in.

"Matt, this can't be good for us you know?" 

"Then blink" Matt responded, unphased. 

Typical Matt,  he should have known better than to challenge him to anything. Matt was the type of guy who took everything too far.

"Oy mate close your eyes"  

"That was actually a pretty good accent Matt"  Joe said,  genuinely surprised. 

"The fuck you talking about?" Matt grunted in response.

"Oy boyo, don't break it now, please kid, haven't had a render error since that bloody french loonie". 

"Matt, what the fuck? Did you hear that?"

Matt didn't respond, he just kept staring. But his eyes, there was something off about them, they were more glazed than a Krispy creme. "Matt? I'm not falling for your shit, rule 6 remember? No pretending you're hurt."

"I told you mate". But Matt's lips didn't move. 

Despite himself, he blinked, and as he opened his eyes he noticed Matt was gone. In fact, he wasn't in the Bellagio at all anymore. Surrounding him were bubbles of light, far as he could see, countless bubbles of brilliant shining light. In the bubble closest to him, he could just make out a human-shaped lump of flesh, slumped in a chair with its head down. Someone was shaking it back and forth rather desperatly.

"Oh god" Joe whispered.

"Yeaaaaaas" he heard a cockney voice say from behind him. 

Joe spun around to find a British man who appeared to be in his mid-thirties smiling at him. 

"Hellooo, hellooo, good to see ya again Joey."

"Wha-, Wha-, Whe-, Who?" Joe choked out.   

"Heaven, or so you call it. God, or so you call me. Yes you're technically dead, but I'll fix ya right up my boy, you went and broke yourself out of the code you see."

"T-t-t-he code?" 

"Yes the genetic code, you're looking at the developer himself, you are. Practically wrote the whole thing myself."  

"I-I ca-"

"Yes, I know mate, it's bloody crazy, existential crisis and all."

"I-I just can't believe God's British." 

