"Fuck!" 

The usual words heard in the special education room in daugtsons elementary. Usually over looked by the desensitized instructors in their own sort of dimmed haze.

"Again! Not again, damnit, why! damn you!"

But, this time seemed different. The once drooling boy of a vegetable state became a calamity of vulgarity with limbs of trampling frustration that whipped with the velocity of a maelstrom. The boy beside captured by the catastrophe of overcooked fists blazing upon all the world. The whirlwind lasting only as long as it took the two teachers to restrain the young boy.

" Remove your hands from me at once peasant! It will, or I will have ye head!"

Screaming and kicking with no end insight the teachers were forced to subdue him. 

"What the hell happened? One minute James is drooling on himself watching Gavin draw his tazmanian portraits, next he is the devil!" Said Mrs pawn, still quivering from the excitement almost 30 mins ago. "And now he speaks, and speaks like I've never heard!" 

"Have you notified his parents? I'm sure they would love to hear the good news!" Said Franklin.

Behind there whispers came the malevolent laugh that crashed like thunder bolts to their ears giving both the instructors an impassable shock. 

"Parents? I am of ritual cycle, the master of death, and by time come, ye shall kneel! As all life on Earth has kneeled before time and time again. you peasants! You will see and will perish first for your insolence! Come now and watch as this world will bend to my might!"

Still tied to the chair, James's parents walked in the door with tears endowed with endearing disbelief, while shrouded in anger to see the barbaric treatment of their child. 

" Motha, fatha, how wonderful it is to see you, I've tried for so long to say hello. It was in my final time to break free of my mortal bondage that I accidentally let out such troublesome rage. Please forgive me!" 

As the teachers watched on speechless to the demon before them, they too were instantly captured by his unbelievable display of manipulation. Tears still falling from the faces of two parents finding dreams do come true have misplaced their faiths. And James smirking into the haunted eyes of those who have watched their death walk.

