Thirty-two hours left and still nothing. Charlie looked at his watch. "damn" he thinks to himself. He had only checked it three minutes ago. From the look in his eye he was mildly panicked, but his composure was as solid as his build. His eyebrows furrowed as he stood up from the table. Grabbing his drink, a cheap scotch on the rocks, he downed the last swig setting the glass down with a thud. "I had better head to bed if I think I'm going to get anywhere with this case tomorrow"  As Charlie spun on his heel toward the hallway he hears a crash and a short curse in the study. 

"Where the hell am I now?" I whisper to myself. The study looked typical of a mid 20th century design. Bookshelves containing books about criminal law, forensics, and law enforcment line the south wall. In the middle of the room, a beautiful dark oak desk faces the doorway to the west. The desk is adorned with a single bankers lamp and various papers and files with photos, statements, and reports attached to them. The north wall houses a couple of messy file cabinets overloaded with papers and bankers boxes resting on top. a bulletin board with strings connecting various pictures and documents hangs solemnly.  

"Well, this could possibly be a dangerous location to be found in" I think out loud. "Perhaps I should--". My thoughts were abruptly ruined by a burly middle aged man holding his firearm outstreached and pointed at me. "Who the fuck are you?" asks the man, "and how did you get in here?" I throw my hands to the sky and plead "I am here because you need me. Please, let's talk detective." He eyes me suspiciously, holding the gun steady as a well trained police officer... No, military officer! 

Charlie's instinct gnawed at his conciousness. "Shoot him Charlie! What are you waiting for soldier? He can kill you in a heartbeat". His finger on the trigger, Charlie looks at the strange man before him. His clothing was odd and he had no visible weapon. "He must have come in while I was out front smoking a cigarette. But how then did he remain so quiet compared this ruckus a few minutes ago?" Charlies brain spitting logic as quick as it could without losing composure. "What do you mean you're here to help? I dont know you!" The stranger looked as though he knew Charlie needed help. "He doesnt know about this case does he?" Charlie asked himself" The stranger brings his hands forward and says "look, just put the gun down and we can figure this out. We will find her killer." 

I watched the mans eyes shift from steel to confusion. "You couldnt possibly know that? You have to tell me who you are or Ill blow your fuckin brains all over the desk!" I could tell he was serious. "My name is of no consequence, but if it will allow me to help you I am called Jacob. Jacob Sliver." His muscles relaxed, but with continued apprehension he asks "How have you come to help me? Do you know who killed Sarah?" I respond "Thats what I am here to help figure out, but you need to put the gun down, please." The shadowy figure lowers his arms while keeping the weapon aimed at my torso. "I think you should leave, before I take you to the station or shoot you." 

Charlie didnt understand where or how this Jacob Silver came to be in his study, but Charlie knew he had better let him leave before Tony showed up, if he even would. Charlie looked at his watch, 11:32. "I cant leave" claimed Jacob. "I need to help you". Charlie did not want this guy poking around in business that didnt concern him, but he also couldnt shoot him or else he would have more than one body to clear out of his house. "If you want to help then get the fuck out and never return!" 

I stare at this man confused but oblige as the alternative appeared to be far more detrimental to my health. With my hands still out in front of me I slowly move toward the entry way. The man steps out of the way and motions with his gun toward the front door. I glance around at the surroundings and catch something out of the corner of my eye. In the living room there is a pair of womens high heel shoes haphazardly placed across the rug. I crack a smile as I picture Mr. Muscles there behind me in the heels. "Are you absolutely sure you dont need my help good sir?" The what I could assume was a detective replied "Look! cut the chit-chat and fuckin' leave!" he snaps. As I reach for the front door knob the handle jiggles from the other side.

Charlie paniced and quickly pistol whips Jacob. Then the visitor pounds on the door. "HEY! CHARLIE! OPEN UP! IT'S ME TONY!" comes the voice from outside. Charlie snatches up Jacob under his arms and drags him around the side of the couch and tries to crumple the body into a fetal position behind an armoire. louder and hurried pounding at the door "COME ON CHARLIE! DID YA FALL ASLEEP YOU FUCK?". "Hold your damn horses Tony" thought Charlie. Charlie steps back and looks to see if Jacob is noticeable. "it's pretty dark in there, it should suffice". Charlie rushes to the door, nearly stumbling across the high heels left on the floor and starts unbolting the door. 

I can hear Charlie feverishly slide the deadbolt aside. He throws open the solid oak door. "Hello Charlie. Long time no see." His eyes filled with horror, confusion, and disbelief at the sight of who he knew as Jacob looking directly at him. "You should have killed me Charlie." I smirk as I pull the trigger and shoot Charlie dead. "I know you killed Sarah too".
I knock four times on the door...