Paisley carpet was the reason we got married. It’s just so elegant yet underappreciated. We met in warehouse full of carpet squares—I’d started from the West entrance, and she from the East, and we gradually worked our way to the center. We each grabbed the perfect Lurina Paisley Wool Tufted Carpet Square at the same time.

We looked at each other for the first time and laughed—a laugh that turned nervous as we realized the other would not let go of the damn carpet square. Neither of us let go. It lasted a period of time. First an employee in a little blue vest with a nametag came over, then a manager in a little yellow vest, and then a security guard with epaulets asked us to leave, and then a police officer with a leather, accessory-laden belt repeated the request, as it was ten o’clock at night and the store had closed three hours ago.

We walked out of Bob’s Carpet Emporium together, our eyes locked together, our stride locked together, (but not yet our lips), as if in the midst of an aggressive and beautiful tango routine.

There was nothing to be done. We each wanted that carpet square and neither of us would let go. We moved in together so that we could both enjoy the physical possession of the carpet square, and got married so that we would both have legal title to the prize. Everything was copacetic. 

Her name was Helen by the way. One day we sat in our matching purple suede La-z-boy recliners, sipping 64oz containers of Mountain Dew Baja Blast and eating authentic Mexican churros from the food truck guy who always parks by the corner between the public swimming pool and the public library, when Helen said something to me.

She said, “Nature calls.”

She did an exeunt went to the restroom. Approximately 15 seconds passed. To give you a feeling of what fifteen seconds feels like, I will spend about 15 seconds describing what I look like, so you can imagine the scene. I am beautiful, tall, and tan.

Helen came back from the restroom, and something looked different about her. While before she had been a nondescript woman, now she appeared more like a transdimensional purple Succubus with flames for hair and an irrationally large chest.

“The legion has need of your command,” she hissed at me, “Immediately.”

I slurped my 64oz container of Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Sometimes Helen asked me to do things around the house, like repairing the garage door, cleaning up the dog poop, or dutifully participating in conception. I always tell her that she can tell me what to do before nine p.m. but after that I take off my rubber-sole New-Balance shoes and it’s no more work for me.

I made an exaggerated motion to look at my watch. This Helen… she knew full well it was 8:57p.m., how dare she ask me something right then?

“Come with me,” Helen the transdimensional succubus said, “I have dwelt in the land of gods and dragons, among the auras of living light, fed by song and prayer as my mind navigated the endless sea of a finite being’s meditation—I emerge a thousand lives lived, eternally in love with naught but you. Join me and voyage across the dark galaxies that our love might light the fires of fields of suns to shine upon great earths so longingly flung!”

Her finger peeled back a shimmering portal to the broader dimensionary spectrum. She lovingly grasped my hand and led me towards the indescribable. At the last second, I tore my hand free and kicked her in the butt to push her through the portal. It closed behind her.

Finally got that carpet to myself!
