*Just pull the trigger, and earn another paycheck* was what I thought. *I've done it fifty four times already. Why can't I pull it now?* No, it's not the trigger assembly, no I didn't forget to turn off the safety. I'm a professional assassin, on a rooftop, with my target in sight. In less than a second, I would be done.

Soon I began to shiver, I thought it would be like all other jobs. Get to a vantage point, aim, shoot, and get back inside someplace warm, but no. I was going to kill an innocent man. A man who did nothing wrong, had a loving wife and two kids, whom he loved just as much as his job. He was just a competitor to my boss was all.

Five minutes in the cold and rain and I began shivering, my scope swaying more than it should. At least this cat that took a liking to me was warm in my jacket. *It's still not too late to take the shot, just kill him, earn your paycheck, and then we can go back to my miserable little apartment, with another comma in my back account.*

I said we. Slip of the tongue? Or did I mean me and this cat? I mean I could probably take him home, the vet bills wouldn't put a dent in my savings. I took a deep breath and steadied myself. But now my scope vibrated. The cat was purring, like it was content that it chose the right person to be his. If it even was a he. I guess this is affection. Haven't felt this in years...just. Cold.

I know what I'm going to do, and I hope I've made the right choice. *Click* went my safety. *Ka-chink, pling!* Went the bolt action and bullet. *I'm not killing an innocent man. Not again.* In to my case went the rifle, and an anonymous call to the man warned him that he was in danger. He deserves to at least know that people are targeting him, maybe even target his family.

As for me, I went back home and gathered my essentials. Then I burnt the house down. And I ran. I found a place eventually, settled down, found Bullet here a playmate. That's what I named him. He has this copper tinge in his coat, and he always zipped around very quick. Just like a bullet. It's sunny here. The weather's always nice, the neighbors are nice, the scenery is nice. We're happy here.

Hope you guys enjoyed this, I'm trying to get back into writing, so let me know if there is anything I could improve on!

-/u/Tehsyr /r/MindOfTeshyr