######[](#dropcap)

"Please help." 

Their plea was desperate, almost despairing, and Kaia couldn't ignore them any longer. She bit her lip, looking down at the two figurines who were startlingly human-like in their features. They were a brother a sister, supposedly named Katherine and Johnson. Katherine had long, blond locks braided into pigtails and Johnson's hair was short and black. He wore overalls, while she was dressed in a plaid blue dress. "Fine," she finally agreed. 

She hadn't ever really been down to the basement. Her father had spent most of his days in there for the last thirty years or so, and he hadn't let anyone go in for fear that they would ruin his models. She'd temporarily moved back home, just to be with her mom and for the funeral. 

She held out her palm, and the two clambered onto it from her dresser, which they had somehow climbed onto using one of the tassels hanging off of her bed-frame. They were really quite small. Just the height of her pinkie, and their voice barely came above a squeak. She wouldn't even have heard them if not for the complete silence in her room as she laid in bed, about to fall asleep. 

She walked down the stairs softly. A step creaked, and she paused, listening for any indication that her mother might still be up, before continuing on. A door in front of the stairs connected to the basement, though it was always locked. She leaned on her tiptoes to grab the key from the top of the doorframe and stuck it in. 

Then she hesitated. 

Should she really be doing this? Her father was very explicit that she should never go into the basement ever, and it felt like a violation of his trust to do so now. 

But this was most likely a dream anyway--she didn't REALLY believe in talking figurines--so there was no harm in heading down there in her dreams, right?

She unlocked the door and flipped the light switch next to it. And forgot to breathe. 

It was magnificent. She quickly walked down the stairs and gazed around in wonder. A miniature world spanned the entire basement, stretching over wooden desks that had been placed together. Mountains, lakes, a whole town even. She was seeing the past thirty years of her father's life in front of her. 

Suddenly, a feeling of unease prickled the back of neck. A soft squeaking sounded from her palm as Katherine and Johnson jumped up and down, waving their arms about desperately. She brought her ear towards them to try to hear what they were saying better when all of sudden, she was shoved forwards by hands on the small of her back. 

She tumbled forward and closed her eyes instinctively, her arms shoving forward to break her fall. When she opened her eyes again, it was dark. 

Or kind of dark.

She blinked. 

She was surrounded by trees, which blocked out most of the light filtering in from above. She whipped around, trying to get a sense of her surroundings. Where on earth was she? Then she looked at her hand, then to the moss-covered ground. "Katherine? Johnson?" she asked, her gaze scouring the grass as her heart dropped. If she'd dropped them, they wouldn't have survived the fall. 

Suddenly, the prickling sensation on the back of her neck returned, and she turned this way and that, her eyes desperately trying to see through the trees in the relative darkness. A hand jerked at her arm, and she nearly startled. She turned to face light blue eyes and long, golden locks. And behind her, a boy with black hair. 

No. It wasn't possible. 

"Let's go," Katherine hissed, her eyes wide as her gaze focused somewhere behind Kaia. "We have to go. There's something in the forest." 

"What's in the forest?" Kaia asked as she let herself be dragged, half running. 

Katherine turned around for barely a second, her fingers cold on Kaia's wrist. "Something dangerous," she whispered. "Something really, really dangerous."

*****

r/AlannaWu