The look on her face was one of pure fear with a cold sweat breaking out in a matter of seconds. “I’m not robbing you I just want a cheeseburger” I said meekly just trying to keep my head low thinking this wasn’t just an average Wacdonalds anymore. 

“Y-yes right aaaway sir.” She punched a few buttons on the machine and gave back the wrong change three times out of pure nervousness before rushing into the back towards a door with a dirty old plaque that said ‘Manager’ in gold and partly rubbed too hard plastic. 

I sat down at an empty booth looking at my receipt and the stairs each employee was giving me as they whispered about losing their jobs and the like. I let my eyes close as I just sighed whishing I could stay like this nearly asleep and peaceful but before long a slam came down at the table as a boastful monologue began to spew out like clockwork. 

“You might have figured me out” I looked as saw the lone burger sitting with out my fires... naturally. “As you know we are going to become the richest people in the world and when I am king of all money” damn they put ketchup and onions on it but I don’t think he is gonna let me by to get it fixed. “You have defeated your last villain for certain this time! I am the mighty” I pose to interrupt in his build up to saying his name “Manager!” I say shooting my hand up with a bright hopeful look praying that he won’t immediately surrender before I get my burger right. “I ordered only pickles on the receipt it says it right here and fires also.” 

Naturally my request was too much to handle as he collapsed to his knees crying and begging for mercy “I’ll give you free burgers, I’ll betroth my assistant manager to you, anything please just don’t destroy me.” I grew a unsightly grin on my face as I decided to tease him a little “Give me my correct order or I’ll have them make a burger out of you! Oh shit.” He fell over clutching his chest in a panic attack “guess I have to call 911 again.” The police thanked me for my hard work and left with him cuffed to a ambulance stretcher as I tossed the top bun in the trash can and ate the bottom half now with very little ketchup and onions. I didn’t need the carbs anyways and headed to the gas station, nothing evil happens at gas stations right? I just need gas god please.