When the plane crashed, I fully expected to die. First from the impact, the blast of flame and jolt of shattering force that turned my spine to jelly, my bones to splinters, and my skin to charred black crust. Then from the fall, from the side of the plane, torn open like the carcass of some great beast, to a deep chasm below. Then from the cold, the endless, stabbing cold, reaching into my flesh with icy fingers, slowing what few machinations still sustained me. 

Sometime in the midst of the cold, I lost the ability to feel. Or I suspected I had. In truth,  I could not move my limbs to check, owing to the rather troublesome fact of my spines reversion to a fine paste. The very fact of my continued existence was perplexing to me. By all reason, a man with a shattered, charred, frozen body, should be well past the point of death. And yet...
 
I felt no worse for wear then any other time, aside from the lack of an ability to feel or move anything below my jaw. And even my face was growing stiff now, as the last vestiges of heat were drawn from it by the greedy cold, and the water within the flesh drew out to pierce it with a thousand microscopic spears of solid ice, both transfixing it in place and tearing it asunder.

I had heard that a death by chill was like falling into a quiet, eternal slumber, softly borne into whatever oblivion or new world awaits us beyond the veil of death. Yet I felt no lessening of my alertness. In fact, I felt nothing but a slight drawing away from myself, as if someone were using a fine hook to draw a single spool of my being away, slowly but surely. This feeling intensified, until I felt a great stream of my own. 
I vaguely wondered if this was the end, if I was finally perishing from the impressive list of damages to my body. I dully noted the feeling of a thick, viscous liquid running from my nose and mouth. As my consciousness finally, gratefully faded, I faintly felt the strange substance suddenly shift.

***

Light. Color. Sound. Feeling. Too much too fast. I gasp, but find i have no mouth. I reach for my face, but find I not only have no face but also have no arm. I panic, reaching out for any recognizable sensory input, hurriedly seeking to try and make any sense of the dissonance invading my thoughts. I felt a glimpse of something familiar. Sight. A hand. I sighed  with relief, glad to have something concrete to focus on. Then I made the mistake of following the hand to it's origin, a sight which turned my thoughts to bleating panic. A ruined face. My face. Charred, torn, and frozen nearly beyond all recognition. The face I had laughed with, grinned with, groomed so meticulously. Now looking more akin to a partially deflated football covered in ice and frozen blood. 

This in itself might have been enough to drive me to madness, were it not for a terrible urge within me. An instinct. A mixture of hunger and desperation, it commanded to find a body to nestle myself within, one which could protect me from the terrible cold and dryness. 
To find a... host.

The though filled me with revulsion, and far worse, a sinking feeling that this had happened before, too many times to be counted with any utterable number. And yet I somehow knew that to resist this urge would be my sure demise. My body, as odd as it was, knew what was best for it, it seemed. The real question was how I would drag myself from the godforsaken chasm. The walls were too sheer from my current form's severely limited psudopodic locomotion, and no other corpses were visible in sight besides my own unusable one. 
"Hello? is anyone down there?"

A voice echoed down from the great shaft above. bringing with it thoughts, now as loud as colors and sounds. Worry. Anxiety. Dread for what he -Henry- might find below. 
"No answer" Henry murmured into his handheld radio. His dread blossomed and swelled, alongside a growing disgust for the job that likely awaited him- hauling a corpse up the cliff-side.
"If anyone's still... Okay down there, don't worry, I'm coming down. I'm coming down." 
Had I still had some means of getting his attention, I would have avoided him all the same. Upon his thought's, living, breathing, warm, trickling over me like sunlight on a warm summer's day, my own feelings sharpened into a predatory determination that both disgusted and thrilled me in equal measure. In a way, it made a strange amount of sense.

 I had always been a bit... lacking in the department of empathy, to the point where I found conversation with others to be a particularly agonizing waste of time. The few dialogues I had permitted had been ones that served my own purposes or machinations. My utter absence of empathy, a source of much strife and personal struggle in the past, seemed so utterly obvious now. The reason I could not emphasize with others is simply because I am not human. A hunter need not need empathy for his prey.

More realizations came, one after another. The life I had been living was but a lie, designed to cradle me until my true, distilled form could be achieved though use of a human body's natural synthesizing process. was always meant to crack free of my shell. Though I was admittedly slightly...underdone, this could be easily remedied through the procurement of another body. I reached out for the man, lightly twisting his thoughts to include the suggestion of checking this area of the chasm first. For I was so very, very, hungry, and there was no time to be wasted, if i wished to be born. 