*Was this hell?*, I wondered as my eye sockets stared into the sky.


*Hell has no fury like a woman scorned, therefore perhaps it's something worse*, I mused as my bones lay on the muddy field. 



It felt as if I lay an eternity there in that field although I counted three sunrises before I had company. He was 2.04 metres tall, slight green hew to his skin; possibly an orc quarter-caste. He wore tattered gambeson with leather bracers & boots. 



"Ah light armour, a most pragmatic choice for battlefield scavenging," I telepathically said to him. I had to of course, as I had no vocal cords. 



"Who talk to Throganar?"



"Do you see that pile of ashen bones to your left? Uh no your other left, yes. That's me. Pleased to meet you Throganar, I am Sandor the Sorcerer."



Throganar stared at me, or what was left of me. He pointed at me and said but one word,"How."



"Oh it was my ex. I cast my own modified version of Petra's Pavise of Reflection, magnified it with the scroll of Magnus, obviously, then bolstered it with an etheric intensity charm. She however, had a lock of my hair and a sample of my blood. She cast her blood magic; Ira's Infamous Weave Inverter. It hijacked my spell. Her magic is frankly weaker than mine, but with Ira's her spell didn't need to be powerful, she used my own power against me. In an instant my division of Diamond Golems were vitrified and I was fried to a crisp. She left me thinking I was dead. Thankfully I still had one trick up my sleeve. Long ago, before we knew each other, I drank a potion of my own creation. The potion kept my soul bound to my body for all of eternity, much like how a Lich is born, but without the ugly aesthetics. But now I'm a mere pile of bones and that BITCH has in all likelihood taken my castle, my lands and is drinking my Nullarbour Gold!" I explained.




Throganar stared at me dumbfounded. 



I quickly changed my tact, "Uh evil witch, cast curse on me, turn me into bones."



"Ah Throganar understand, Throganar hate witches too. One day evil witch make Throganar pee fire."



"Throganar, do you like quests?" I ventured on a limb. 



"Throganar like quests."



I put on my most theatrical telepathic voice, "Throganar the Barbarian, I charge you on a QUEST! You must take good care of me and my poor bones as you journey east, over the Fields of Despair, through the Forest of Foreboding, and finally to the Dungeon of the Undead Lich King to restore me and my body to full power so that I can defeat the wicked witch and restore order to the realm!"




"Urgh sound hard. Too hard for Throganar."



"You will be handsomely rewarded for your heroic efforts of course..."



Throganar's eyes lit up. "What reward?"




I paused. He was too simple minded to be bribed by land. Gold likely would not cut it either. *But what would tempt an orcish human?*.



"Complete your quest and restore me to my full power and I will reward you with a custom made Gothic Full Plate Armour of Almost Invincibility, with any base metal of your choosing. AND a mace, of a base metal of your choosing, that can bludgeon through almost any armour!"




Throganar raised a big fat furry eyebrow, "Almost?"



"If you use the mace on the armour, the armour will break because of how powerful the mace is and the mace will break because of how powerful the armour is," I lied through omission. Technically it was true although they would wear down rather than break on the first strike, but there were other things that could destroy them. Any wizard worth their salt and with enough time could do it, but it certainly was not something that could happen in a rush or in the hasty chaos of a battlefield. 




"Throganar accept." And with that Throganar the Barbarian clumsily collected my bones and ash and placed me in his thick hessian sack on his back. 