"Goddamnit" I muttered, blinded by the lights above me. I sat up, trying to survey my surroundings.

First thing I noticed was the white. White walls and floors. Next, I saw a  fgure stood in the corner. An old man with a white, well groomed beard, and white loose fitting clothes. He just stood there, watching me with a slight smirk resting on his mouth.

"Well, I didn't realize fainting warranted a visit to the hospital" I said to the man. I remembered now, I had been trying to set a new personal best deadlifting, but fainted before I could lock it out. 

"Oh no Micheal" the man replied in a slow, soft voice. "You had a heart attack during your lift, and passed away moments ago."

I was stunned for a moment. "What the hell are you talking about. This is a sick F#*&ing joke to play old man." Anger suddenly rising up, I clenched my fist, ready to put it into the old bastard.

"Calm down Michael and follow me, everything will be alright" he replied, his face in that same stupid grin. He turned and walked through the doorway.

As fast as it had come my anger left me, and I followed. 

I walked beside him, my thoughts tumbling inside. I wanted to scream, I wanted to cry. I wanted to hit him. But I couldn't shake it, I knew is was dead. It was set in my mind, I'd had a heart attack and died. I couldn't refute it. 

"So I'm dead?" I asked, knowing the answer."If I am, does that make you God?"

"Yes, or shall we say similar to the God you believed in. Through here Michael." He replied as he gestured me through a door. 

"So, is this heaven?" I asked, nervously. I mean all I'd seen were white walls and an old man, heaven was shaping up to be pretty disappointing.

"Not yet. First, I offer you the chance to find closure. I am offering you the chance to come to terms with the person who hurt you most in your life" He said, as he gestured towards another door.

The anger quickly returned. I knew who had hurt me the most. "My father is through that door, and you can shove heaven up your ass because I am not making peace with him" I half-shouted at God.

I knew he was behind that door. The angry scowl on his face, the yelling, the fists. I was bigger now, I could hurt him. I never got the chance, he died before I could. It'd be my fists this time. Heaven or not, I'd spend eternity in hell If it meant I could hurt him.

"Just a sec...." God started. 

I didn't let him finish. I walked to the door quickly and shoved it open. I was not going to wait or calm down. 

The door shut behind me. The room was white, stretching out in every direction. I couldn't see my father. Instead, where he should be, was a girl. She was young, and slender, with long brown hair. 

"Who the hell are you" I shouted, still angry. 

She turned to me and smiled, sadness welling up in her eyes. "I'm you"

"What the hell are you..........." I already knew. 

No. No no no no. I ran back to the door. The tears already rolling down my cheeks.

"Its not fair." I shouted at the door. "You didn't let me. I had to be strong for mom. I had to be strong. I had to protect her. You didn't let me, its a sin. Its not fair. I had to be strong. My whole life you told me it was wrong........"

I laid a hand on my shoulder. "Its okay" I whispered, softly stroking my long brown hair.







*(My first ever writing prompt submission so any formatting errors, tagging, or story content issues please let me know)*