I had only one thought in my darkest moment. "Why did he do this?" The iron in the blood hit my olfactory senses like a freight train. It was like I was licking aluminium foil. I felt the heat leaving the blood that was running down my face and eventually it felt cold. Reality began to come back and it made me panic. "Fuck!" I yelled when I heard a small scratch at the window. It was nothing but a small squirrel. "What is that around its neck? The squirrel has a small key around its neck." My stomach was in my throat. I felt like I was choking. I really thought he had the key, but he wasn't lying, this little squirrel for some reason had possession of the key. "Why is it around his neck?" I must catch that squirrel or I will never get my sister out of that "room." I can't even remember how long we have been here. He cut her cast off a few weeks ago, or was a few days?  "Fuck you, you sick motherfucker!" I yelled at him and punched his bloody chest. "Fuck!" I got up and ran downstairs to meet the key with four legs before it ran away. As I ran down the stairs it smelled like stale smoke and cheap wood, like we were in a rented mobile home.  I found the door I had broken into and sprinted to the back yard. The squirrel spotted me and ran east into the woods. I took off after him as he darted through trees.  The sun was barely peaking over the ridge as I followed his grey and nimble body. A pungent odor began to creep in as we approached an open field. It smelled like the raccoon carcass I found when I was a child. It began to get to me, the all to familiar and unique smell of decomposition. The squirrel ran to the end of the field and layed down in front of a large bush. I finally caught up, pushing the fire out of my lungs I slid head first, grabbing the squirrel and yanking the keychain from around his neck I finally had a way to save my sister. I looked at the key, slowly, a small latched door came to focus just behind the bush. The stench was overwhelming right above the door. I was hesitant to even unlock the latch. I knew what was behind the door, a lost life, a scared girl, a dead sibling. My hand shook, almost dropping the key but I held on like I had all of those months while we were locked way together. That suck fuck kept us tied up barely alive. He kept moving us back and forth from the house to the "room." He separated us one day but after he had left with her I finally escaped and waited for him to come back. I desperately grab the lock and shove the key inside of it. I turn and rip the lock off the door. I looked at the outside of the door only knowing what the inside looked like. This time it felt different. I fling the doors open and there she is, her eyes closed. "Holy shit! She's breathing!"