Caleb bard lv6 that was my character sheet 

What the players didn’t know I was hired to take out the pesky paladin once and for all. Joe or Brutalus as he called him self was always playing on the edge of his alignment.  

The DM had reached out to me to solve his “issue” and i had agreed to give it a shot.  I told him straight off the bat that a character assassination take time. It’s not a shoddy work of a rouge when he sleeps. If he wanted to do that game then use a NPC.  

It didn’t take me long to notice not only the DM but the rest of the groups irritation of his double facade.  

-I’m a holy knight anointed in the holy light doing my deity’s will on earth. Vs: let’s kill the peasants so I don’t drop in alignment as the rule clearly states that to drop in reputation needs to have a witness.  

They where sick of it, it was actually the cleric in the group Joan who hired me. She had reached out to the DM between sessions and wanted to hire a character assassination of Brutalus. 

My first idea going to the event was to hire some ruffians and just play Brutalus. Then I saw him in action.  Shit I though this is going to be so much easier, let him dig him self a grave.  I only have to change one parameter and his entire gig.  But that’s for later first I have to gain his trust.  

So I decided to play his greatest fan.  Starting to singing ballads about his heroic acts. Spreading his good deeds to the townsfolk while cheering him on.  Making sure he liked me. I went to the magic shop and talked to the owner and manage to get charged artefact setup. 

A beautiful pair of silver greaves with two charges of firestorm loaded in them with them.  Magic and nice looking, something me in my profession have learned the worst of the worst of characters love.  I made sure there was a secondary condition to set off another spell in them.  A condition only I knew of.  The combination was simple. 
When the heels click together blow firestorm.  
And when someone yells: out of the way! The hero is here! The heels click together.  

I also bought my self a bottle of fire protection portion,playing with fire and you get burnt.  

Then I talked to a vendor in town making sure he would sell them to the paladin the next day.  He was used to hit the market before adventure, to restock and check if something interesting was for sale.  

The evening deed was done, now I just have to wait for the fish to swallow the bait.  (By now the DM was laughing evilly behind his screen).  I spent the rest of the night to cheer him on making sure he had a Fantastic day and everyone got to know got to know THE GREAT BRUTALUS! 

Ok I might have gotten to far when I payed a painter to make a picture of my hero.  But he didn’t catch on. He laughed at the idea that I was his biggest fan. My skills as a bard made him stuff of legends.  

The next day at the market we filled up on health pots, arrows, bandages I of course proclaimed that peasants should stand back as Brutalus was here. Stand back I yelled,!the hero of the battle at Ymir and slayer of orc at broken hill.  Brutalus is here.  (By now the rest of the party looked like they could kill me).  

Then finally Brutus bought him self a pair of magical greaves. I smiled and drank my portion.  He was quick to put them on, the shop owner warned him to not click them together unless he wanted bring mayhem and destruction.  I smiled.  Then I saw something that put a even bigger smile on my face.  The Count was coming down to the town central to meet and greet the hero.  In the middle of a busy street they met.  I proclaimed.  
“out of the way! The hero is here! “

Literally hell broke lose the tents was on fire. The party was on fire.  The merchants and there goods was on fire. It was mayhem.  And in its midst stood Brutalus looking around him self. When I noticed a very  angry Count yelling Arrest the arson.  He ran, cutting our self out of town. I made sure that several guards died and Brutalus was to be blame. Yes I killed them but in the mayhem who would you believe. The charismatic bard or a proven arson /paladin.  

That day I character assassinated Brutalus. That day I made him in to a fallen paladin.  That day I made him wanted and infamous. That day I made Joe reroll a barbarian with hatred towards magical trinkets.   


I’m a none native English writer, I would love to get  feedback 