Before "the incident", I lived a pretty decent life. I had a great job, a nice house, a wonderful wife and two beautiful children. When the bombs started going off, I realized how little I had...

North Korea finally lost their shit and launched nuclear warheads directly at the United States. President Trump declared war on their tiny country and I guess they decided to go out with a bang. So North Korea fired everything they had at the U.S. Naturally, the military retaliated. Suddenly the whole damn planet was firing weapons of chaos at each other. When it all ended, there were few safe havens left standing. Mostly small countries away from former super powers. The aftermath is a world with almost no possible means of survival. Things like food and water are priceless. Other items we held of value are mostly useless.

That is, unless it could burn...

Though my small town was spared from the blasts, the cold ravaged our city. Winter is long and harsh now. More so than one could imagine. Just stepping outside you were risking your life. In order to stay alive, the few survivors left burned whatever they could to get warm. 

I remember burning everything I possessed in order to keep my family safe. When there was nothing left in my home, my wife and children were sitting in a corner holding each other close and trying to get feeling back in their fingers and toes. As I sat there, wondering what to do, I began drifting off to sleep, it was at that moment I remembered my lock box. My f****** lock box!

My wife and I saved money for years for our children's education. We wanted them to have the most bright futures and lives with as little hardship as we could manage to spare them from. I looked at my family with eyes filled with sadness. They weren't moving as they huddled close. I knew I had to get them some fire as quickly as possible. My body felt stiff as I was literally FREEZING! Despite that, adrenaline kicked in and I ran as fast as I could upstairs and pulled the latch to the attic. The ladder stuck but I was able to pull it down with my body weight. Quickly climbing up, I ran to the back corner of the room. Placed here was an old chest with a false bottom. I sighed in relief as I removed the bottom board from the chest. The lockbox, which at this point might as well be the holy grail. My wife and I hid it away so that our children wouldn't find it and spend it. I wanted to keep the money in the bank for savings interest, but my wife was old fashioned and wanted to just save all our cash in a box. Of course we compromised and decided to save all our cash in a box. My wife called it "the piggy bank".

The lockbox was sealed with a key. Not having any clue where the key was, I quickly smashed the box on the floor with all my might until the damn thing broke open. As the paper bills flew out all over the floor, I grabbed them all and ran back down to the living room where my family was located, snuggling for warmth by a fireplace with no fuel. With this I could save them. I WOULD save them.

I whipped around the corner and yelled to my wife, grabbing her shoulder and shaking her, "Honey! We're going to be ok. I remembered our kids' stash! Do you still have that last match?!"

There was no response...

I started violently shaking her and my children. Yelling at them and then begging them to just wake up. I had found more fuel to burn. Why wouldn't they just wake up?? All I could do was hold them as I sobbed into their hair. My tears becoming a stream of ice upon my cheek.

That night I sat there beside the burning fireplace, cursing the Lord and hating myself for being unable to protect my family. I had lost everything. Why was I still alive? I hated myself all the more because I was still fighting to survive despite not having my family. They were all that mattered. I should just die so I could be with them.

Humanity is a bitch though. Survival is something we naturally strive for, even if we don't want to. As I lay there curled up by the fire, I began counting the money or "fuel" I had left. Though only the physical number of bills was important and the dollar amount didn't matter, I counted it out anyway. Somehow, we had managed to save up $86,400 for our children's tuition. I'm not sure how much there was before I started burning the money, but this is all I had left. I lay there with my family, now lost to the bitter cold and drifted off to sleep with them. Maybe I would go in my sleep. Although I found if I stack the money tightly, it burns more slowly, it still doesn't last very long.

I woke up some time after to the sound of my front door opening. My eyes shot to the door only to find a man dressed with gigantic fur pelts covering him from head to toe. The only flesh I could see on the man was his face. He simply stared into my eyes with a look of mixed emotions and said, "Sorry to wake you. I saw the smoke coming from your chimney and thought I could warm up a bit here. Burning money won't do much for that, but it's great for getting a fire started. I only took ten bills and a couple cans of beans. Good luck to you. I'm sorry about your family." Afterward, he pulled up a cloth to cover his face.

Then he was gone...

I shot up and my eyes raced all over. Panic had set in. Did he take anything else? How long was he here?? I had so many questions eating away at my mind. Suddenly remembering the man's words, I jumped over to our "piggy bank". I counted the money again and again... eighty-six thousand, three hundred and ninety dollars. Over and over I reached the same amount. It was true! This man had just robbed me of my children's college tuition! I had plans for this money! Dreams of both my son and daughter going to Harvard or Yale. The end of the world and the death of my children put a stop to those plans, but the emotions were still there. My heart ached. I wanted to vomit. I stared blankly at the pile of money before me, then rage began to boil within me like I had never felt before. I burst out the front door and scanned the environment around me, but the man was nowhere to be seen. The icey tundra was all that lay before me.

Unable to bare the cold any longer, I rushed back inside and lit another stack of paper. I didn't even bother to check the value of the bills, not that it mattered. Watching the flames of life in the fire place, I felt a sense of calm wash over me. I suddenly understood my purpose! I knew exactly what I had to do...

I started by gathering every article of clothing I could fit on my body and some old goggles and gear my wife kept from a ski trip with her sisters, and then I burned down my home of sixteen years. I watched it burn for a moment before heading out. I plotted every possible location that might still have survivors or resources for survivors in my mind. Once I had a good idea of where I was going, I started moving, each step filled with more purpose than the last.

Paper money didn't serve the same purpose as before, but I was certain it could be used for bartering. The only thing I was able to recall that made that rat bastard of a thief stand out were his eyes. They were two different colours. Someone must have seen a wanderer like him and those eyes were an easy way to identify my prey.

Maybe I had gone mad, but I didn't care. There was no room in my heart left for thoughts of sympathy. I was going to find the mix-eyed man, and I was going to kill him...even if it cost me every last bill I had...

(A little long-winded, but I hope you enjoy it anyway)