The kids bullied my daughter because of me. This I already knew. I was the reason Angie came home with timid steps and snuck off to her room without saying hi.

I made a fist as the soft patter of her footsteps disappeared down the hall. Kids were cruel and life even crueler. Angie had done nothing to deserve a father like me. I had been born completely blind and with my balding head, my pendulum cane, and sunglasses worn even at night, I made for quite the spectacle—one that Angie paid for everyday in her middle-school classroom.

“What’s wrong with your dad?” they would ask her. “Why does he walk so funny?”

“There’s nothing wrong with him!” she would snap back and in her frustration, they found weakness.

“*My* dad doesn’t need a cane to walk. *My* dad doesn’t wear sunglasses at night. *My* dad isn’t blind!”

My phone buzzed in rapid secession three times. It was time for work. I pushed myself out of my seat and grabbed my cane. I paused as I passed Angie’s room.

“Hey, honey,” I tried. “I’m going off to work now, everything okay today at school?”

No response. I couldn’t even hear the sound of her breaths. She didn’t want to talk.

I offered her a smile which she wouldn't be able to see, but I hoped it sounded through my words. “I love you Ange, I’ll see you in the morning. Sleep tight.”

And then I left. A dad who not only got her daughter bullied in school, but ran off to work when her daughter needed him the most. But who else would pay the bills? And was that really a good enough excuse to abandon my little girl? Tears welled up in my useless eyes as I started my cane in its rhythmic pendulum swing.

---

I worked security at a small law firm. People would think that being at the front desk would require some sort of sight, but I recognized every voice that came into the building and I could hear people’s lies through the tremble of their breaths. The other lawyers joked that I was like a drug dog for lies.

“Hey,” Aaron said, his footsteps approaching. “You get one of these yet?”

I glanced up at his voice. “Let me see.”

He let out a small chuckle and held it toward me. I grabbed it and realized that it was a mug. I felt around its smooth edges and frowned.

“A mug? I already have one,” I said.

“No, that’s a *World’s Greatest Dad* mug. It shows your ranking in terms of being a good dad.”

I felt the edge again. Still nothing. “Hey, congrats on being the world’s greatest dad.”

“What?” Aaron’s voice inflected up. He was on the verge of laughing again. “Me? The best? Yeah right. I was lucky to be in the top 50% which isn’t that hard considering that some dads are in jail.”

I gave Aaron a smile. “Congrats on above-average then.”

“Thanks. Let me see if I can get you one, you got yourself a little girl, don’t you?”

I nodded. “Thanks,” I said, but Aaron wasn’t the giving type. He was the competitive type and I knew all he wanted was to see someone ranked lower than himself. 

So let’s compare the blind dad to every other dad in the world. I’d be lucky to hit average.

---

The mug was coming in the mail. An extended holiday weekend meant I had five days before it got here and in that time, I had to hit number one. If people were making fun of Angie because of her dad, then I’d just have to prove that her dad was the best.

My phone buzzed again, this time twice. It was time to go home. In three hours, Angie would wake up for school and I had to be ready by then.

---

“Dad? You’re still awake?” Angie asked and yawned.

“Yeah, got home early from work so I slept earlier.” I said, which of course, was a lie. I hadn’t slept at all. “Take a seat, breakfast is almost ready.”

I listened for the sizzle and pop of the bacon. It was getting close.

“What is this? Are we celebrating something?”

I always woke up for breakfast with Angie but that was usually a time for toast and conversation. Now I had diced fruit, fluffy pancakes, and an assortment of toast and jelly options splayed out on the table.

“Nothing in particular,” I told her. “Hey, after school, why don’t we go that new amusement park that opened up? You’ve been wanting to go haven’t you?”

“Yeah,” Angie said, caution in her voice. “But last I checked, we’re still poor.”

I shrugged. “I found the money. I’ll pick you up after school and we can walk to a bus stop together.”

“Okay, dad.” Though she was still wary, no nine-year old girl would pass up a day at the amusement park.

I nodded. “It’s a date.” and I could feel her rolling her eyes.

She was right though, we *were* still poor. But all that meant was I had to start working the mornings as well as the nights. I could find an hour and two in between to sleep and the rest of the time would be either on the clock or with Angie.

There were zoos to see, aquariums to wander, clothes to buy, and through it all, I had to make sure that Angie was having the time of her life.

I took a small breath and turned off the stove. “Bacon’s ready. Dig in.”

---

---

Angie held the mug in her lap. It was wrapped in cheap paper. Her dad sat on the couch, watching her, listening for her breaths.

The past five days had been strange to say the least. Every day was a new adventure. The first day was at an amusement park where her dad had even let her buy Dipping Dots. She had bought an extra-large serving. The second day was at the zoo where her dad had bought whatever animal feed she had asked for. So she had fed half the animals in the petting zoo. On the third day, he had offered for her to swim with the dolphins. She wanted to, but told him no. Money didn't grow from trees and even if it did, she was too short and him too blind to reach it.

That day, he had fallen asleep on the bus, mid-conversation. And in his sleep, his breaths had become labored and his smile dropped. It took so much tugging to wake him up that they almost missed their stop.

She had been having the time of her life, but it didn’t seem the same with her dad. And though he sled and exclaimed and laughed, she could hear it in the wilt of his words and the small strained breaths he took when he didn’t think she was in earshot. After all, she was almost as good a lie detector as he. And he was beyond tired.

“What’s it say?” he asked her. “Is it a good number?”

Angie swallowed and unwrapped the mug. She had a suspicion what this was about. Her dad always blamed himself for the bullying. He had always thought if only he weren’t blind, everything would be okay and sometimes, even Angie believed that.

But it wasn’t true. Her dad wasn’t the reason kids were mean.

The ceramic felt cool to touch. She looked at the words. Her eyes widened and a swell of air caught in her throat.

“Dad,” she nearly whispered. “You made number one!”

Her father let loose a single exhausted breath. “Good,” he muttered. “Now the other kids won’t be able to make fun of you anymore.” His words waned and his eyes closed as he slowly drifted to sleep.

Angie held the mug in her hand, rubbing her thumb along its surface. It was completely smooth. 

She ran off and found a permanent marker and crossed out the *10233*. In its place she wrote *1*. 

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more!
