"Daddy, I can't sleep with the light off. Can you please stay with me?"

I smiled weakly at my son, who lay in bed curled up as if he were back in the womb, eyes fixed on mine. 

"I can't stay here forever. Daddy has to sleep too, you know. Mom is already in bed, and she had a really tough day today," I responded.

"B-but I'm afraid of the dark. I don't want to be alone." He let out what sounded like an almost silent whimper, and my heart lurched a little. I really couldn't stay in here forever. But I had my priorities.

"Son. One day, you'll find that the dark can be your friend. You'll become comfortable, and you can sleep without being scared." The boy didn't seem convinced. I continued, "I used to be afraid too, Jay. But now, I'm only afraid of other things. We love you so much, and we are always close to you. Try to be strong like Daddy, and you can come closer to being a man like me."

He nodded, and with a few more words, I kissed him goodnight and left him to sleep. I had no plans of going to bed quite yet; my boy needed food on the table next morning. My wife had lost her job today, and I haven't exactly had great luck on my part either. The situation was calling for... desperate measures. 

I fumbled around my coat closet until I found my old ski mask that I used back in the days of being able to afford hitting the slopes. I rummaged in the garage, and eventually found a crowbar; heavy, but effective. I wasn't god at this, but I simply had no choice.

I walked quietly into the night, making sure the door made no noise as I closed it.  The street was hardly illuminated. I walked alone in the brisk evening air, until I had left my neighborhood. It was now time to play the waiting game. It wasn't too much effort to reach the richer houses; they were practically around the block. 

Examining each home carefully, I tried to assess which would have the greatest yield for me while presenting the least danger to me and them. I wasn't out to ruin someone's life tonight; I was only here to feed my family. The house I needed finally presented itself, and after waiting for the night to get later, I finally worked up the nerve to put my mask on and get to work.

I used my crowbar to pry open the lowest window I could find, and immediately I found things I could easily sell for quick cash. This time around, the darkness really was my friend. I was starting to feel hopeful. Jay was going to school with a full stomach tomorrow, and Laura wasn't going to feel like a terrible mother. I had come across money, and she wouldn't have to worry. We would have another opportunity.

*click*

The light came on. A man dressed in pajamas stared fearfully at me, pistol in hand. It was that moment that I remembered exactly what it was like to be afraid again.