Maybe the priests were right. Maybe the ancestors were coming back, but there was no way they were coming back in THAT thing.

Out there on the middle of the mountain lake, sat the huge monument, half encrusted in ice, shining like a silver crown with spires going as high as the mountains around it. It had certainly been made by the same ones that made the relics you could see at churches. It had the same elegant lines, clean and simple. It also seemed to be made of the same strange materials, hard as metal but light as clay. Undecipherable writings could be seen etched in gigantic letters across the side. This was made by the ancestors, no doubt about it.

Immense as it was, the entire thing was falling apart, but not because it was old. He could see chunks breaking the water line near the shore, some of them evenly spaced as in some sort of crude formation. The structure itself looked as if it had hurriedly been broken apart by someone who didn't quite know how to put the pieces back together.

"Someone's been here before" he thought to himself.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

"They brought us to this land from the sky, and when they come back they will deliver us from all suffering and take us to our place among the stars. This is a sign from them!". If this was a sign, it didn't look like a good one. All they could bring from the lake looked torn and beaten down. Even the peaks around it looked like they had taken a solid beating.

The official story was that we had come from the stars, from other lands in the sky using ships that could fly like clouds. Why did they bring us here? that was a question no one seemed to agree on, but it seemed clear that it was a very poor choice of location, this place could barely sustain life. The priests placed the arrival at nearly 500 seasons and insisted we had come across half the planet already. If this was true, there was no way this was the ship we arrived on, our arrival should have had been on the opposite side of the planet.

And yet, right on the line of the ice, sat a huge, black ship crashed into the mountains. A humongous  insect-looking shell of a ship, located on the exact place it shouldn't be, and looking like it had been half-ransacked on a hurry by someone who wasn't us.