It was always difficult at first, growing up with it.  At first, I believed I was just imagining things; just playing a game.  Then Mrs. Keri was gone, and yet still watched over her rose garden.  That was when I realized what I was truly seeing.  From that moment on, I tried to ignore them; I had no intention of interacting with them.  I grew up with the movies of finding a way to help spirits (ghosts? Shades?) get to the afterlife, and with the dozens I saw at a time, I shuddered at the thought of being the only one who could help the potentially hundreds of ghosts out there.

It was always hard when someone close to me passed away.  Their spirits would eventually come to me, circling me, shouting and waving to get my attention.  I always managed to ignore them, as hard as it was.  I am ashamed to say I grew to be good at ignoring them; my eyes don't even train on them anymore without help.  But I knew my life would be over if I slipped up once, because spirits talk with each other, and it only takes one incident to have the word spread.  

But now, here I am, 78 years later, and now I am facing my hardest time yet.  I can remember when we first met; you were riding your bike and I accidentaly knocked you over with a stray baseball from the park.  We disliked each other until that one moment you handed me a pencil when I really needed it for that test.  I'm not sure why that was the tipping point for us, but the few years of hangouts and laughter were well worth the year of avoidance.  I think I knew it even back then, the way your eyes lit up when you spoke of your hobbies, your toothy, infectious grin.  It always sparked something in my chest.  

It was years later when we were together, after high school, hanging out after our finals when I took the first step.  Your hands felt so sweaty after I reached out to hold it.  You never said anything, but your eyes always seemed to linger on me, and I know because I would always seem to linger on you as well.  The smile on your face when I asked you out was the biggest I ever saw.  It was possibly only outmatched by your smile as I stood across from you on the aisle; your black tux and short cut hair seemed to glow in the light from the church windows like a halo.

The years that followed were full of bliss and happiness, hardship yet forgiveness, and when I held your hand that final night, as I felt your warmth slipping away, I knew then, that what was to come next would be the hardest part I would ever face.
By this time, I merely only saw those who lingered in passing, having been able to ignore them to the point of not seeing them.  And yet, as I lay here, the beeping of the machines hooked up to me, it is all I can do to fight seeing you there, standing next to me.

You look younger, you know? When I risk those few seconds here and there to look at you, I see your hair grown back to it's shorter length, your skin so much smoother from the wrinkles I had grown to map out.  Your eyes, though, look so much more hollow to me.  Is it because of me?  Are ghosts able to deteriorate like people from grief? I don't know.  And yet, now that I lay here, staring up into your eyes, I can see all the love for me shining from them.  

"Oh Rob..." you say.  "...I wish I could hold you one last time...give you some comfort...if only you could see me before you go...I've always been with you, since the day I passed, you know? I couldn't bear to be seperated from you, even if you would never know I was here...but I hope, even if you will never know, that my time here has been some of the best of my life. To have these years after my death to continue seeing you, even without your knowledge of it, was a blessing.  I saw how you hurt, and I saw how you still loved me.  I only wish that I could tell you that I still love you, one last time..."

The machines fill the silence after your words of comfort, and finally, I feel the tears flowing after all these years of repression and denial. I turn to truly look at you, and I see the shock and joy in your face, and I reach out my hand to where your cheek is.  It feels cold, and it passes through you sonewhat, but I maintain my shaky hand there as I smile.

"I know, Kevin." I say, my trembling lips turning up into a smile.  "I'm so sorry for the years of lies and ignorance of you.  But I saw how much you tried to look after me.  And I loved every moment I could spare to see you, even despite my shame and fear of the others finding out about my sight.  But I couldn't hold back my feelings anymore.  Not now." I rest my hand through his on the bed rail, tears now flowing down both our faces.  "I love you too, Kevin. And I always will.  I just hope you can forgive me." 

I can feel myself starting to slip now, and I fear for what will happen next. 

"I do forgive you, Robert." You say, a trembling smile on your handsome face.  "And I can feel you leaving now.  But wherever you go, I will always follow."  I smile, and close my eyes.  Before long, I let out my final breath...and then I open my eyes.
