The metal walls shuddered around our squad as we hunkered in the dark, gripping the weapons we had so confidently prepared just hours before. 

"Is that them?"

"Do you want to check?"

The walls shook again, and we cowered further into the corners. Where had this gone so wrong?

-0-0-

There was an exaggerated snort at the rear of the meeting room. The Captain of our band swiveled his eye stalks towards the offender

"What?"

"It's just," laughed a cadet, barely out of training, "this is a primitive society, right? They can't even travel to the next planet over. What kind of danger could they possibly be?"

The captain rolled his eyes in response. "Hey, did they ever teach you to expect the unexpected? Because you ALWAYS expect the unexpected. Even when we clearly have the upper hand."

"But sir, they don't even have space travel! We have gun powder! We have smelting! They don't stand a chance!"

-0-

His words echoed in my mind as the walls rattled a third time. Rattling meant something was coming loose. I scrabbled to my feet, knocking an eye against something hanging from the ceiling. "We need to move! We need to get out of here!"

With a resounding crash the wall in front of me folded in, and a monstrous beast of metal rolled directly towards where I now stood, rooted and shaking. Its bulk blocked out the sun that tried to peak around its edges, and a small barrel swiveled around to face me. 

"Oh bugg-"

A tiny 'plink' echoed around the room. Cadet, in his brilliance, had fired upon the beast. The thin barrel swiveled around to stare him down, then spat metal at him so fast I didn't even see it reload. I couldn't believe how quickly, as if done by nanobots or, dare I say it, magic. I threw myself away and around, squeezing through the gaps towards sunlight. 

There were humans. Many, many humans, in armor, with shields, with angry, angular muskets. They were all pointing at me. A terrible roar sounded, from something electronic, but I didn't understand. I dropped my own weapon in panic, but they did not move. 