Every kid goes through at least one "phase", especially when they are about ten to fourteen years old. Even incredibly bright children have their phases. As an educator, I've seen all kinds of them; one kid insisted that he was going to grow up to be a football star and hardly ever took off his school team's uniform, not even to wash it, another wanted to be a famous journalist, so she walked around with a notebook and pen everywhere and insisted everyone call her Lois.

My eleven year old daughter's current phase is forcing herself to only communicate in one of our three languages each week, "no matter how tired, frustrated, content, or excited" she felt, so she could get better at using each language. We thought it wasn't a terrible idea, so we mostly play along as a family, but our nation's main language is still our default when we are very tired or need to get a point across to our children. However, this particular week's language was English. 

So you can imagine my confusion when, at two in the morning, my daughter bursts through my bedroom door claiming there is a monster under her bed. We aren't the kind of family to play pretend about monsters, we feel there are way too many real ones in this world to go inventing new ones of which to be afraid, so I really don't know what she is going on about. 

"Daddy, Mommy there is a mobster under my bed!"

"My heartbeat, it's two in the morning, please go back to sleep. It is good for your brain, so you won't be scared of 'monsters.'"

"No, Daddy, not a monster, a *mobster*! I saw him sneak into my room, and get under my bed, but I pretended I was asleep the whole time and waited a few minutes and pretended I needed to go to the bathroom. Daddy I'm scared."

In my mental state of foggy slumber, I struggle to remember what exactly a "mobster" is, let alone how to reassure my daughter that she is safe. I ask her to stay with Mommy, and I go get her (thankfully sleeping) little brothers from their room and bring them to Mommy too, and close the door behind me.

I head off to her bedroom, quietly stopping off to grab the biggest knife in the kitchen, just in case. I get to her room, carefully open the door, and see a mess of ripped up notebooks and my daughter's desk destroyed.  In the middle of the mess before me is a young man of about equal height to me, looking like he is about to crawl out of her window with all her books and writing implements he could find in a plastic market bag and her school bag on his back.  Brandishing the knife, my voice dripping with a tone that terrified me (and all my worst-behaved students), I demand he put all her things down immediately, and get out of my house right now, if he doesn't want to be a perforated message to the rest of his lowly, scumbag, fundamentalist, so-called "students" "mob". These Taliban lowlifes are never, *ever* going to take my Malala's education from her. 