I sat cross-legged on the cold stonewashed floor of my modest bedroom, on this ship I'd come to call home over the past several months. Or had it been days? Years? These creatures didn't use clocks, there was no sunrise or sunset, and the frequent mind-bending jumps into "bentspace" toyed with my mind. I stared out the missing fourth wall into the vast expanse of space, a foot of pure diamondium glass separating me from the universe I now wandered as an unwilling captive. Meditation had, at least, kept me somewhat sane.

The creatures were not cruel, offering us prisoners virtually anything we wanted as long as we did as we were told. Their technology seemed to be able to create anything out of thin air, and kept us from aging. But they did not tolerate attempts to escape. Their existence was a secret, and any captured creature could never return home. Nonetheless, like all the other prisoners, I yearned for my home.

Well, not quite all the other prisoners. There were a few other humans on the ship, all celebrities. Elvis was here, of course, along with Cleopatra, Sir Winston Churchill, and Rembrandt. Then there was Jack. Yeah, Jack Black himself.

I don't think he was a prisoner, but the aliens didn't seem to pay him much heed either. It was almost like no one really cared about him. He would never turn us in for trying to escape, but he'd never try to help, either. One time Cleopatra managed to seduce a guard (a feat on its own, considering their asexuality), only to be interrupted by a shirtless Jack devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar. Sir Winston Churchill managed to negotiate our release with their leadership, only to be interrupted by a shirtless Jack devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar. Rembrandt drew a detailed map of the ship from memory, but Jack rolled a blunt with it before...yep, you guessed it, devouring Doritos and riffing on an air guitar.

Tired of being probed five times a day, it was my turn to hatch a plan. Right then I decided that if anyone was the key to my escape, it was the man who'd thwarted us with his predictable humor again and again. I enlisted the help of the others, and we set our plan into motion.

Several moments later, as Cleopatra helped Churchill scrub the green blood off his knuckles, we reached the escape pods by the power core. The core hummed loudly as we snuck along, our hearts pounding, expecting our captors to jump out at any second. We reached a pod and opened the door. Jack leapt out of the escape pod, Doritos in hand. He climbed on top of the power core like it was a box amp and started a particularly wild air guitar routine, ignoring the many animated warning signs about keeping the area clean. As Dorito crumbs fell into the power core like a gentle orange snowfall, it began to glow brightly and shake. We clambered into the escape pod, and before I shut the door I turned around and saluted. Jack stopped, saluted back with a cocky half-grin, and resumed his wild pantomiming as the exploding core enveloped him, and we shot into the expanse of space, finally, returning home.