How long does it take you to read a book?  A few days, hmm.  What if you had no distractions?  Four or five hours...  I can't remember the last time it took me that long to read a book.  How long does it take me?  Oh, just a minute or two or so.  I see, you don't believe me, but... I have lifetimes of experience with this.  What do you mean I just turned nine today, and can't have lifetimes of experience?  I promise you, I do.

Fine, I'll prove it.  Go grab a book I haven't read recently.  Ah, yes, this book by Duane was quite good the first time I read it.  I wish the book contained in there was real, maybe I wouldn't be worried about going to sleep tonight.  Okay, anyway, hand it here.

All done.  Take the book back, turn it to any page, read a line and ask me what comes next.  "Even saints have to start somewhere."  Carl said it, to Nita's father.  I can keep going, if you'd like, but, well, I read the book, and know it back to front.  For the first hour or so I'll be able to recite it from memory even.  Eventually it goes to the back of my mind, and takes a little more to call it forth.

It used to take me longer to read.  I didn't used to remember what I read nearly so well.  But after more than 3000 years of doing practically nothing but reading, well, I'm a little faster now, and remember far more.  Where do I get 3000 years from?  Well, every night, when I go to sleep, I wake up in a library.  There's nothing to do there but read.  It would be fine, it would be great fun even, if I was there just for how long I slept for.  I'm not, though.  I'm there for a year.  A year there for every day I spend here, with you.

I was never going to tell you, or mom or dad, or anyone else.  I was just going to keep pretending that I was a normal 9 year old.  I hit a snag, though.

There's just one wall of books left.  I saved books by my favorite authors for last.  They're all fiction, It's been ages since I looked at any non-fiction.  I read all the kids books first.  Then young adult, then fiction.  Eventually I started in on the non-fiction, leaving the fiction books that were released after I started in on the non-fiction, on a single wall.  I'd read them occasionally as treats.  It took a few years to get through all the non-fiction.  I'm not entirely sure I understand all the higher mathematics.  I had to go back and forth between the sciences from time to time.  History was almost like reading fiction, and I loved it.  Manuals were a little dry, but at least they're mostly pictures.  It's interesting how little changes, and yet how much, from one washing machine or car to another.  It's interesting how much and how little changes from a washing machine to a car, for that matter.

So yeah, I have one wall of books left.  It's a few thousand books.  Maybe as many as 10,000.  Ten thousand books, at 2 minutes each, that's only 20,000 minutes.  There's 525,600 minutes in a year.  No, you don't need to check my math, believe me, I know how many minutes are in a year, just like I know how many species of bears there are without looking it up.  Fine, it's 8.  You can look it up later.  It's just one of the many random useless facts I know.

20,000 minutes...  that just a small amount of the time I spend there.  The time reading those books will just fly by, and I'm getting faster too.  A year ago it took me a good ten minutes to read a book.  The year before that, it was closer to a half hour.  What happens when the shelf is empty?  Then, then I'll have nothing to do for the rest of the year.  For the rest of the years.  How many books do they release a year?  Okay, yeah, I know that too.  Roughly 2.2 million, worldwide.  Some of those are new editions of previously published books, or the same book in a new language.  What?  Yes, I can read every language.  

So 2.2 million books a year, even if I read all the editions including rereleases, in all the languages, that's still only around 6000 a night.  Six thousand books a night is nowhere near enough to get me through a year.

I'm afraid I'm going to go crazy.  I mean, maybe I already am, so I'll just be going crazier.  

I don't know what I'm going to do.

You're my big sister, here.  You've been here every time I've woken up.  You're the first person I always see outside of the library.  You're the last person I hear before I fall asleep and am in the library again.   Without you, I may have given up on this part of my life forever ago.  You've been there for me again and again in this world.

Help me.  Please?   I don't know what to do, I don't know who to tell, I don't know what else you could do, but...  please help?