They dont know. The badges they wear. Carved from my own scales. Imbued with my very essence. Providing them not with my magic but an empowering aura allowing them to tap into their greatest potential. 

Cyrus. A shadow. Deft hands, light step and wit sharper than his his many concealed daggers. 

Balon. Steadier than a mountain, and as stubborn to boot. Able to fell trees with a single blow. But gentle enough to nurture the occasional fledgling that falls out. 

Scarlet. Eyes sharp as an eagle. And instincts to match. In my life I've never seen an archer capable of eliminating a vampire before the beast itself detects the very arrow darting into its black heart. 

And Tayana. That smile. Those eyes. The charm of the ancients in such a young vessel. She once talked a werewolf down from its bloodlust at the height of a full moon. 

These four are simply my favorite treasures. And these are examples of what they've done before they put on the badge. There are many more like them in my horde each one as magnificent as the last. More valuable than any coin or crown lost to time.

The other dragons. They mock me. My human form. They say things like "What real titan has no horde?", "Why would he disguise his superior form in favor of *them*?" 

But they no not what they speak of for all the glimmering trinkets they amass they know not the joy of gatherings around the table after a successful contract. They experiance not the love these mortals have for one another, and the love they have for me. 

They are motivated by selfishness, and greed. While I simply enjoy light a human gets in their eyes, that which sparkles like the heavens above us, when they accomplish that which they have strived to do for so long. Be that a new skill, or spell, or even perfecting the spices on a dish.

These mortals are my treasures, these silly amazing souls. My true family. 

One day I will have to reveal my true form to them. Once they question why they grow frail while I stay the same. And i can only hope they will look at me the same way they look upon me tonight. 

"A toast! To another successful contract, to glory, to accomplishment, to everlasting wonder, to adventure, TO THE GILDED DRAGONS!" 

Edit: shameless plug to my sub /r/taleswithouttime it's where I collect all my submissions to this sub, also easier to keep track of what people want more of and easier to actually keep up and add to. Thanks yall!