It had been happening for years, at least since she was in her mid-twenties. The first time had been soon after finishing university. Anjuli had been sitting working at her desk, and then all of a sudden, she had felt as though there was a sudden pressure at the sides of her neck. Her vision had started to cloud, her mind simultaneously panicked and hazy as she felt herself slip out of consciousness, and then... she had woken up. Shaking off the unease in the pit of her stomach, she had put the episode down to a simple fainting fit.

Once it had happened three or four more times over the next week, Anjuli had decided she ought to get it checked out. Her doctor was perplexed, but offered up a long list of possible problems - vasovagal syncope, situational syncope, anaemia, cardiac arrhythmias, even a carotid body tumour... And eventually, after several normal blood tests and even a test that seemed to originate from the middle ages, in which Anjuli was tied to a table and tipped upwards, she was finally, gently, given a diagnosis of psychogenic pseudosyncope. 

"What in the hell is psycho- psychogen... that?"

"It's not uncommon in people your age. Sometimes, your brain can play tricks on you, and make you feel as though you're fainting with no physical cause."

"I'm not fucking lying!"

"I don't think you're lying." If that doctor's voice got any more calming, Anjuli thought she hit her. "It's totally involuntary, but it's caused by your mind, not your body."

But protest as Anjuli might, she was sent to sit with gritted teeth through what felt like countless sessions of psychotherapy, counselling and cognitive behavioural therapy. 

Of course, a few months later, she was given plenty of reason to stop going. This time, when she woke up groggy and already irritable from one of her fainting episodes, Anjuli found a sheet of her thick drawing paper in front of her. Her eyes widened in astonishment as she looked down at it; a beautiful landscape had been sketched across the page - a sweeping river cutting its way across a lush, green forest. Anjuli let out a sharp breath. The details were simply staggering, right down to the curve of the wings of one of the birds flying over the treetops, and a glint in the river of a fish swimming beneath its surface.

Over the week or so that followed, Anjuli woke up to more and more drawings, each more beautiful than the last. God knows she couldn't draw much more than a stick figure when she was awake - and even those were normally a bit lopsided - but she couldn't escape the conclusion that she had done this. Perhaps she just needed the rest of her brain to switch off to let her artistic side flourish and grow - perhaps she was in such a focused state that she simply couldn't spare the energy to form memories.

And as she kept looking, Anjuli found yet more proof that she'd been awake, roving the house in search of inspiration. Just little things, but evidence nonetheless - an opened window, a half-eaten sandwich that she was sure had been untouched early that morning, a used toothbrush, a coffee-stained mug lying in the sink, and once, a slight opening in the hatch to the attic that she never used.

It didn't take Anjuli long to start selling her paintings. They were beautiful enough to sell in themselves, but with the story behind them of the artist who seemed to sleepwalk through the painting process, they sold faster than Anjuli could even produce them. A still life one day, a portrait of a sparrow the next, even Anjuli could not predict what would be coming.

However, it was with a flicker of unease that she opened her eyes one afternoon to her latest sketch. She had recently been featured in a double-page newspaper article, and nothing that had been shown in the article, nothing at all, even came close to the portrait that lay in front of her. The trees that were customary of many of her paintings were still there, but dark and twisted, casting contorted shadows over the rest of the sheet. Red eyes peered from the darkness, their pupils slit-like and dead. And in spiky, twisted letters that at first seemed to blend in with the tree trunks, Anjuli read one word: 'watching'.

Anjuli did not try to sell that painting. But over the weeks that followed, the hidden corner of her desk where she had thrust the offending landscape accumulated more and more pictures. A figure, stalking closer and closer, a blood-stained dagger etched with perfect precision, a dead woman with her hand falling over the side of a bed, her hair tangled and matted with blood.

Anjuli started to dread her black-outs, in a way she hadn't since they'd first begun, afraid to see what she'd wake up to. The swimming head and tightness around her neck that always preceded an episode started to haunt her dreams, and she'd wake up drenched in sweat, gasping for breath with tears prickling the backs of her eyes. She began to spend most of her waking hours pacing around the room, doing anything to keep herself active and unable to slip out of consciousness. But try as she might, she could not keep herself moving forever, and when she sat down...

The familiar pressure appeared at Anjuli's neck. Instantly, stars began to swim in her vision - but this time, she leapt to her feet, crying out as her elbow collided hard with her desk. She spun round, and nearly toppled over in horror.

A figure stood behind her chair, gloved hands stretched out.

Anjuli shrieked, pressing herself further backwards into her desk, her arms tightening reflexively around her stomach.

"Who-? What-?" She opened her mouth to scream again, but a hand clamped itself over her jaw.

"Quiet," the man hissed. His clothes were tattered, hanging loosely off his thin frame, and a days' worth of stubble peppered his jaw.

Anjuli tried to shout, but only a muffled moan escaped against his hand. Her eyes flitted desperately around the room, at the sheet of paper that was held, slightly crumpled, in the man's other hand, and at the hatch that hung open in the ceiling of the corridor outside... Pieces started to slot together in Anjuli's head, and tears spilled silently from her eyes.

"I've had enough..." the man whispered. His eyes darted dizzyingly to and fro, giving him a restless, unhinged look. "My paintings were a payment to you, a thank you, if you like... I should have predicted that you would take credit for them, the swollen head that you have..."

Anjuli squeaked, her nails scrabbling against his fingers.

"I thought you deserved it, you being kind enough to let me stay here, to feed me when I sent you to sleep... But you were just using me, weren't you?" His voice hardened. "Living off my talent while you let me rot in that cold, empty attic."

Anjuli tried to bite his hand, but she couldn't even get her mouth to open. She swung her fists wildly into his stomach, but he barely even seemed to notice.

His hand gripped her jaw painfully, and his lip twisted. "No more."

His eyes bored into hers, a cold, electric blue. His spare hand reached up to caress her face gently with one thumb. Slowly, softly, it crept down to her neck, and began to tighten around her throat.