If you see a cat outside in a lightning storm, just let it be. Sounds easy, but if you're like me you'll still try to help it. If you're like me, you'll instinctively shield said cat when lightning strikes too close. 

Yeah sounds like a nice thing to do until you open your eyes to find you're now in the cats body. Confusing right? The cat in my body thought so too, and apparently couldn't handle it. Caused all sorts of mayhem around town in my body before getting hit by a car. 

So no going back to my body. And of course I get stuck in a mangy stray cat, not in some crazy ladies fluffy baby cat. I was in serious trouble. See keeping my brain means I didn't get natural cat instincts. Cats are freaking mean to eachother man. 

I only lasted a few nights before I was ready to throw in the towel. Was debating following the cats path and running into traffic when a little girl starts making a kissy noise at me. 

"Awe poor baby look at you. MOM LOOK A KITTY HE LOOKS SO SAD CAN WE KEEP HIM?"

"Oh hun don't touch him he's dirty."

The girl ignored her mom and scratched behind my ears. Felt better then I imagined. I knew my only chance of living was for this girl to convince her mom to let her keep me. I'm not proud of what I did, but it worked.

"MOM HE FELL OVER HE'S SICK WE HAVE TO HELP HIM!"

"Oh hun we'll take him to the shelter but I don't know if he'll make it."

The girl wrapped me in a blanket and cried the whole way there. Through sobs she managed to convince her mom that if I made it, she could keep me. A few days later, the excited girl and hesitant mom took me home. 

Life was awesome. My girls name is Shelley, she named me Baxter. We play outside, have tea parties, she draws me a lot. But more importantly, no other cats and sooo much food. Shelley sneaks me people food when her mom's not looking, she hasn't caught us but I think she's notices how fat I am. 

Being a guy I never knew how freaking mean little girls can be to eachother. Shelley came home from school just bawling about some Rebecca girl. Apparently the other girl does some weird slime videos on YouTube. They got really popular and now she's the most popular in school, told my girl she couldn't eat lunch with them because she doesn't YouTube. Mess with my girl? Hell no. 

So have you ever seen that cat "playing the piano"? Ever seen a cat really play a piano? Yeah I went there. Seriously this stuff is so easy and it finally give a me a chance to do slightly human stuff. Shelley downloaded some pin ball game on her mom's phone and man is it fun. My toe beans are enough to tap the flippers, and everyone thinks I'm trying to attack it. After just 3 videos my girl was a star, tripled the views and subscriptions of that Rebecca girl. And you know what my girl did? Invited the little brat to eat lunch with her. Proud cat here. 

So that brings me to today. We do a few videos a week, nothing too crazy but this last one with the trampoline made me feel weird. I'm laying down now but I'm hoping someone might know if it's purely cat stuff or if it's a complication from switching bodies. Feel like I have to take the biggest shit ever, can't make it to the litter box. Sorry Shelley, but I can't hold anymore. 

"Oh dear Baxter, looks like Shelley has to pick another name for you."

Like hell she does! Go away Mom you never liked me anyway. 

"Hun come here, think I know what was wrong with Baxter. "

You're face is what's wrong. What's up is my poop weird? What did I eat?

"Yeah mom whats.....BAXTER YOU HAD KITTENS!?!?"

.....

.....

Wait what?