They are coming. We detected them first outside the solar system, watched their engines fill the sky with tiny new stars. By luck, one of our probes got a good picture of the fleet as it passed Saturn. By the time they reached the orbit of Mars, we had constructed a fleet of rockets to carry death their way. By the time they reached the Moon, we had exhausted the nuclear arsenals in thinning their numbers. As the invasion force spreads across Eurasia, endless hordes of biomechanical nightmares subsuming civilization, we threw everything else into them. The factories of the world run overtime to spit bombs in the faces of our destroyers.

As our fleets desperately try to hold them back on the waves, the surviving governments search ancient records and terrible archives for any hope or salvation. Neither was found, but instead a terrible chance at revenge upon those who would wipe us out.

The stars are coming right again, for the first time in a hundred thousand years.

As their forces overwhelm our coastal defences, as the vastest of their starships spirals down the gravity well towards us, the new-made sorcerors mix esoteric truth and unholy calculus with artifacts of a past best-forgotten.

Now, as that grand Mothership's landing thrusters sear the dirt of our falling homeworld, its radios demanding our surrender in a thousand languages, the last of our generals must make an awful decision.

That is not dead which can eternal lie, and in strange eons, even death may die. In sunken R'yleh great Cthulhu lies dreaming, and above the stars come right. The scientific sorcery which humanity has discovered only in time to fall upon the newfound sword is put to its first and last use.

"Fuck it. Summon Cthulhu. LA, LA, CTHULHU FHTAGN!"

Defiled machinery pumps an awful summons into the burned seas, and the ancient ruler of the earth rises from its timeless slumber. Here, where the new rulers of the universe would make a new throne, an older and more terrible power spreads and consumes. Shadowed wings block out the stars, unfurling into forever. 