Since you're insistent on writing your damned book, I'll tell you the story. The  full story. My story. Just know that I've never told this to anyone else, and you might have a hard time figuring out what you want to do with this information...

When I was young, a teacher once tried to inspire my creativity by asking me what I would do if I knew I couldn't fail. At the time, the attempt fell of deaf ears as my inner cynic was incapable of suspending my own disbelief about any situation in which failure was impossible. My poor teachers wise words which were meant to empower me would lay dormant for years in the recesses of my mind...

Everything changed when I was twenty-three. I had been fortunate enough to be visiting family out of state at the same time an open forum was being held in our nation's capitol, and while I had never generally been a fan of politics, I thought it would be a worthwhile experience to have since A) It was free and I was broke and B) I had nothing else to do at the time.

I sat near the aisle in the middle of the room, vehemently researching the names of politicians as they fielded questions from the crowd. Very little was hidden in the way of special interest funding or political corruption if you knew which terms to throw into a search engine and, after nearly an hour of seeing these masters of doublespeak avoid direct answers and double down on positions the public were clearly against, I had stomached all I could bare. 

I stomped out of the hall, wishing there was something that could be done to make things better. Term limits, fact checkers, anti-bias enforcement of some kind or another -- anything would be better than nothing. As I walked towards the exit, a man in a fitted suit watched me closely and smiled. It made sense there would be security at an event full of the general public and several low-ranking politicians. Simply getting into the event had required me to walk through an x-ray machine, despite how many of these politicians were funded by weapons manufacturers, private military contractors, and general war profiteers; so I didn't think anything about another security guard taking notice to an angry just-the-right-age-to-right guy stomping out of an open forum. He, however, took extreme interest in me. 

His eyes were locked onto mine, but his focus was distant, as if he were staring through me. He smiled a content "I know something you don't know" sort of smile at me which made me uncomfortable, causing me to look down at my feet as I approached. Between his lack of focus and my lack of visibility, our shoulders collided.

His eyes widened as he seemed to come back to reality. I expected security for a bunch of corrupt politicians to be crass, but he simply apologized and began to walk towards another exit. I had assumed to keep up his patrol. I was too upset about the hour I'd spent being lied to by politicians to think quickly enough to return his apology before he was gone.

I started my walk again, eyes at my feet once more but I only made it a couple steps before a coin caught my eye. I wasn't prone to superstition, but I had always liked the thought that a persons luck could be turned around by something as seemingly insignificant as a dropped coin; and on this particular day, I felt as if I could use some luck.

Turns out, I was very lucky. That penny was unlike any I had every seen. You see, back then I had no idea that my experiences at the forum would motivate me into politics. I had no idea that I would one day hold the highest office in the land. But that penny asked me, asked my very soul, a tremendously important question... What would you do if you knew you could not fail?

For the years we've worked together, I'd imagine you can pretty well describe my face with your eyes closed. The only person who's spent more time in a room with me is my wife, and the only person who's seen my face more than she has is me, every morning in the mirror. That's why when I picked up that penny -- this very penny I've kept in my wallet all these years -- I recognized myself immediately. The hairline, the slight scar under the eye, the cleft in my chin. Top that all of with the date stamp that is still nearly a decade away from today, I knew something special had happened.

That was no security guard. He had come to see something important. He had come to see the moment that inspired me to change the world. The moment you're going to write about in your book. You'll leave out the bit about the penny, of course. After all, it's doubtful anyone would be believe you. Hell, I don't even expect you to believe me. I've lived my life empowered by the knowledge that I wouldn't fail, and even I have a hard time buying the concept of time travel...

But whichever way you chose to frame that day and bend the truth to make it seem less supernatural than it has felt every day of my life - I was empowered. That didn't make things easy. Getting a bunch of people to vote in support to limiting their own terms was no easy feat. Hell, you were there. You know better than most the work that went into negotiating our new alliances, these trade deals, and the investment plans... Every budgetary report was a battle, and we've lost many battles. But I knew I would win the war, and I had the proof in my wallet.

They don't tend to put living presidents on money, so I'm guessing that the prognosis from yesterday's biopsy won't make anyone smile. I know you suspect as much and that's why you're so damned insistent on this biography... But I would venture a guess that sometime in the next eight or nine years I have a someone is going to start a campaign to honor more modern historical figures on our coins instead of just our forefathers, and when they come to you as the writer of my biography and ask where you think I'd like them to put a picture of my ugly mug... I think the humble penny would do just fine.