5 billion

The voice boomed clear and articulate as it always did.

“What the hell?”, I muttered, in disbelief.

“Sorry sir? Was that too much mustard? I could start again if youd like.”

“huh?” I looked through the pimply faced kid not truly hearing a word he was saying. “no…..no that's, uh, no problem.”

5 billion. Wow. What the hell did I do? I always heard the numbers you know? 3, 15, even a couple hundred once or twice, but 5 billion? It never really made any sense, one of those butterfly effect kinda things ya know? Was it being at subway? Ordering a sandwich? The voice rang shortly after I decided on the Italien bread, surely it wasn't that? It was the last one but….seriously?

“That'll be $11.97 sir.”

“$11.97?”

“yes, you added the extra cheese and bacon”

“oh. Right.”

I grabbed the sandwich, I'd bring it home and devour it alone, no different than any other day. Did I really save 5 billion by ordering a sandwich? 

Surely this super power or whatever you want to call it was on the fritz. Maybe it was finally going away.

-----------------------------------------------

I awoke in a cold sweat, my bed sheets soaking wet. Hopped out of bed and tried to make my way to the bathroom but my legs protested, barely keeping upright before a plunged into the wall. 

I clawed at the ground dragging my dead weight to the bathroom. I reached up and clutched the sink pulling myself up. 

I tried to scream, but all that came out was gurgles as blood began to pour from my mouth. Even if I could scream, it wouldnt do me any good. There was no one around for miles, that's how I liked it.

Is that me? Looking into the bathroom mirror. I could hardly recognize myself. My face swollen, blood pooling in areas I never knew it could.

My breathing began to give and I crashed to the floor, landing hard on my metal garbage can spilling its contents.

The pain was unbelievable. The only thing giving me any relief was the balled up subway wrapper cushioning my neck.

My heart sunk. 5 billion. It was the italien bread. Was it poisoned? Infected with some bio hazardous mold? It didn't matter, I could no longer breath.

Surely this was contagious but nobody would find me for months. The bacteria would die by then. Thank God I'm such a fucking loner. Had anyone else taken that italien bread….. 5 billion people. Damn. I dipped into my forever sleep.
