*Man it feels good to be out in the sunshine*, I think as I walk down 3rd and Vine. I feel the pleasant warmth on the back of my shoulders down to my calves. I take a deep breath and with it the smell of my small town. It always smells like it recently rained; of earth and water, and in this part of town a touch of the sweet baked goods from Sherwin’s on 4th street.

I’m taken out of my reverie by a glint of light on the sidewalk up ahead, just past a long shadow cast by parked car. I see that familiar round shape; dark against the white concrete of the sidewalk. I feel my heart quicken as my mind races with possibilities. *Franklin Mint? Indian Head? Maybe even… Flying Eagle?* No, I don’t dare to hope for that.

I begin to walk faster and then I decide, screw it,  so I jog the rest of the way, stopping so that the object is inches away from my white sneakers. It sure is a shiny penny, and the realization makes my heart sink just a little. I know it must be new to be so shiny. Still, a penny is a penny, and I love pennies. I even love the character Penny from that show everyone is too good for nowadays. That isn’t where my love of pennies stems from, but it wouldn’t be a bad reason either way. 

No, my infatuation started much earlier. In fact, my earliest memory is of sticking a newfound copper penny into my toothless mouth. To this day I can still remember the hard smoothness against my gums. I can still taste the brilliant metallic  tang against my young tongue. I also remember my mother screaming at me, ‘Spit that out right now!’ as I ran away with my tiny hands over my mouth; guarding my treasure.

Let me assure you, I have no intentions to stick this coin in my mouth. I just want to pick it up. So I do. I want to roll it around my fingers. So I do. I want to rub my thumb against the familiar face of Abraham Lincoln. So I-

*This is new,* I think as I lift my thumb off the  face of… *me?* No, it can’t be… but it does look awfully similar. I look around thinking I’m being pranked and then back down to the penny. *My penny.* I feel my hearth thudding away in my chest like an industrial coin presser on double time. That’s when I see the date; 2044. I definitely know now that it’s me on the penny. Whoever left this penny here, did it for me to find. They knew the significance that year holds for me.

I pocket the penny and hear it clink against the three other, normal pennies, I found earlier. I break out into a run down the street because I have a pretty good guess who was behind my new penny. The coins ring in a beautiful rhythm to each stride I take; my favorite soundtrack is the music of coins jostling in my pocket. Whether it’s the fast *clinkclinkclink* of a run, or the steady *chunk…chunk…chunk* of a walk- it’s my jam.

I make it to the end of 3rd and Howard and stop at Fernando’s, the place where I'm meeting my girlfriend for lunch, a place that serves the town’s best- and only- Mexican food. I open the door and feel the wave of cold air wrap itself around me, sending up hundreds of tiny goosebumps. The smell of chicken, beef, and cheese wafts through the cool air. Standing at a table near the door is my girlfriend, Sarah, with a wide Cheshire grin on her face. I can tell she’s holding something behind her back and that’s when I know.

I fish out the penny and hold it up to Sarah. “Was this you?”

Sarah laughs then says, “I think it looks more like you than me.” From behind her back she reveals a small, neatly wrapped gift. “But if you’re asking did I leave it for you…” Sarah looks up and to the side like she has a secret she’ll never tell.

I run over and almost knock Sarah down as I hug her. Too much of my attention is focused on making sure I don’t drop my new penny. “Thank you,” I whisper. I hold her like that for a long time. “This is probably the best birthday present I’ve ever gotten.” I say as I finally let go of her.

“Look,” Sarah says as she points down at the coin, “I even made sure it has the year you were born.” 

I blink and suddenly the world has gone blurry. I wipe away a tear and feel the need to hug her again like I just found the best penny of them all. “Thank you,” Is all I can manage to say.

“Here,” She hands me the small present. I wipe my shoulder against the side of my face hoping that’s the last of the tears. I unwrap it and see that my gifts have a theme. It’s the complete series of the Big Bang reboot they did back in the sixties. It’s just a card with a download code on the back behind grey scratch off film, but it’s perfect. Sarah leans in says, “I thought it would be fun to watch it all together.”
