"*Senatus Popolusque Romanus, in anno MMMLXI...*"

The old, 77-years old Senator Caligola the Blind quietly waited, patiently listening - the eyes half shut - to the Secretary of the Senate going through the formal protocol. There was something coming, he felt it from inside.

The pale room, white in renewated marble, hadn't surpisingly changed a lot since the old, gone days of the first Empire.
The few, thin, small transparent screens were the only sign of technology, which was almost ubiquitous outside the Curia.

When the Secretary finished his speech, the centurions shut the doors and raised their ornamental spears, the metal helmets firmly shut on their faces.

Caligola raised his hand in advance, he knew what was coming. The Secretary went on:

"And now the vote on the Roman Empire's full intervention in the II Galactic War, I declare open. Shall the Senators raise their hand to vote in favour, shall the Senators abstaining leave the curia".

Minutes passed, hands raising, men standing up, grin looks, trembled expressions, chaos was barely avoided - even the centurions, 2 meters tall, gave some suspicious looks.

Sospirating, the Secretary reached the pedestal. His voice was void.

"The voting closed, I declare." 

The senators got in order, arranging their *togae*. Caligola, finally, released his standing hand for last, taking the stick again, closing his eyes, or maybe just squinting.

Two veiled, young, thin women in white mantles and covered faces approached the center. Their brune hair almost touched the floor. The vestals.

"I therefore announce you," - Fabianus, 85th Secretary of the Roman Senatus uttered, a tear of sweat passing through his temple , taking the longest breath of his mortal life - 
"*Iulius Gaius Claudius Maximus the Young, Imperator Flavii, ab Urbe condita* rightful heir of the Empire," - the deepest voice in the Universe announced from a corner, resounding through electronic speakers all around the Empire.

The Secretary left. The girls bowed in nanoseconds, one hand pointing at the sky. The room immediately found its silence.

People in the streets jolted. Families started to look at each other, husbands hugging their wives, kids naively straightening their toys, chasing for their mothers' skirts to grab. Young people turned on their earphones, focusing as they never did.

Somewhere around the Empire, in the sorroundings of Coronam, up on Galician fields, a young, muscled man stood in his place, his chin pointing at the chest. All his attention revolved around the small wireless device reproducing the speech from Rome. An olive-skinned, stunningly beautiful girl watched both with genuine concern, lightly caressing his man's arm.

Caligola stood still. In a moment, he raised his nose to the sky, counting the stars of that evening through the transparent celing.
The son of a star sherperd, born and raised in harsh Italian field, he had seen everything. But this, this was new even for someone like him.

The Emperor looked left, then he looked the other side. Only the middle-aged, corrupt senators dared to nervously look at him directly, silently biting their lips.

"*Alea Iacta Est*, again. Rome is going to war. The entire 66 starship divisons are to be deployed. The intergalactic nuke shields are to be activated immediately. No *civis* is extempt from service until stated otherwise. Sixteen years old is the draft age. The war drones are to be released, now."

People started to panic. Some women in the towns - Transylvania, Umbria, Britannia - were hugging their sons, crying. 

Each local *legatus* grabbed his own e-device and tried to get in contact with the Central Bureau of War. Rome was a dust of mess, a people's tornado - togaes jumping around everywhere - that barely encased the sumptous, marble buildings.

The Emperor grunted. Caligola felt young for a second - feeling for, the first time in decades, a then-forgotten sentiment: fear. His few, white hair, dried.

Rome was going to war. Again.


-- Chapter 1 ends -- 