(Language y’all)

I felt every kick to my ribs. “Fuckin old man. Fuck you, you piece of shit.” They won’t heal right. They’ll ache when the winds blow. I heard from a prisoner once that old people can break a hip and never get better.

I fucked up so bad.

Rose was probably my real soulmate. 310 years, 4 months, and 8 days ago we exchanged our forever rings. I lost her to a brain injury. Soulmate or not, shooting your beloved wife in the head in self-defense as she’s raving and swinging a knife... there was nothing natural or kind or gentle about growing old with someone whose brain told her that I had to be killed.

I didn’t go outside for three years after that. Friends and family would call or ring the bell. I left Rose’s things in the house just as she’d abandoned them, even the craft projects toward the end that were half-finished or finished so wrong that they nagged at her and reminded her that she was failing as my soulmate. I didn’t see it that way; but after she fell in the market one day, she sure did.

Fifteen years of being madly in love and knowing where my true north would sit at the window, reading and watching the neighborhood go by. Fifteen years of enjoying the way her voice would change when she spoke to me. The lilt in her voice that said “I love you to my bones.” She always blushed and denied it when anyone pointed it out. I used to relax my legs and rest my left foot behind my right ankle whenever she entered the room. We were comfortable together like a pair of old but reliable shoes.

Then one night she screamed that she saw wrinkles in my eyes. I’d been crying in secret. Losing her. Losing my north, losing my Rose. Wrinkles happen with sorrow as well as age. She couldn’t take seeing how her illness had aged me. “Kill me,” she’d sob. “Save yourself.” I couldn’t. Until she gave me no choice.

I should have had a hell of a lot of wrinkles when the bank finally evicted me and foreclosed on the house. I didn’t keep it up, Rose had damaged it in her suffering, and within a week it was knocked down to make room for a wedding chapel. Like I was being mocked, but worse, it was like nobody cared about Rose but me. She couldn’t go the distance and to our society, so obsessed with marriage and aging, it didn’t matter why. Unacceptable failure on her part.

The second time I overheard someone in town dare to blame Rose for what she supposedly did to me, I moved across the country.

That’s where I met Rita. I added a second wedding ring to my right hand. She knew better than to ask me to take off Rose’s ring.

By year five when I still hadn’t quite aged like with Rose, I knew this was a sign of a bad marriage. I hired a private investigator who specialized in clients with unnaturally smooth faces.

He shouldn’t have called me with what he found. He should have had me come to his office. Instead I got a phone call that Rita was fucking the mailman. She had dick delivered. I’d been home watching her that day, Rita was pacing, my phone rang, the doorbell rang, I shot them both.

For Rose.

I spent ten years in prison and didn’t age a day. The wrinkles from Rose and Rita stayed on my face and threw people off for a little bit. I got released.

I added my third wedding ring shortly after with one of the other prisoners. Nice guy. Decided his soulmate was a seven year old kid. I married him a week after we were released and killed him right after our honeymoon. How’s that for marriage equality? Fuck if I remember his name. How he is my soulmate, I can’t guess, but part of him must have been. I got a good twenty years out of that.

I would never have worn all the rings out if I’d known that it was a sign of a prison mark. I flashed them accidentally at a Waffle House and when I left, I got jumped by a teenager. Probably for the gold. I lost half my teeth, he took the rings off my finger along with most of the skin, and then he pissed on me. Asparagus. Like malice.

I didn’t report it. Oh yeah, officers, I’ve killed three of my soulmates but I had really good reasons, can I get the first ring back. That should work, right?

I won’t bore you with the seven other soulmates whose rings I exchanged and then tossed down the sewers on my way out. Didn’t matter. They didn’t matter.

And now as I feel the blood filling my mouth again, with my unnaturally-lined cheekbones broken under a stomping boot, my eyes with their sorrow lines carrying into my temples now swollen shut, I know that I fucked up.

I won’t die.

This is how I will be from now on. The kids read it on my face. They are trained now not to trust someone with so many wrinkles from experience and so few from aging. They hunt us. It’s considered practice. And since a person only gets those lines one way, it is considered our fitting punishment. I’m never getting married again, not that I’ll have a working mouth to pronounce the words “I do” after this.

I miss Rose.