Darren was a rather clean cut guy. Not for lack of trying in high school and college. He delved into many worlds and subcultures, trying to find himself and who he was. But after it was all said and done he entered the corporate world and became about as average as anyone else. 

His job title was  brand representative and he worked for an up and coming soft drink company. The drink, frankly, tasted of pure sugar but boasted itself as being “all natural” and so had quite a following. It was a sunny Saturday in Midtown and he was manning a tent at a local festival, handing out samples and merchandise. He wore his work smile, chatted with people who passed by, handing out cans and bottles and keychains and stickers. It wasn’t until he saw her and his day was turned on it’s head. 

Dalia was tall, slightly taller than Darren, and had chestnut brown hair that she wore long. Her eyes were heterochromatic, with one being hazel and the other a deep brown. Her lips were painted a deep red and her teeth were pearlescent white. Within moments of talking with her, Darren was smitten, and for reasons he still can’t explain, he left the booth and his job entirely to spend time with her. 

The two became fast friends, and shortly after that they became lovers. Darren was as of now working from home; or rather, from Dalia’s as they moved in together soon after sleeping together. She had a power over him he didn’t quite understand. He had no idea what she did for a living, but she was very active in many ways, and her home spoke of the possibility of wealth. She like gardening and grew many familiar and strange plants. She was very literate and had two massive bookshelves filled with books in many languages, and of course she could read them all. In many ways Darren felt she was out of his league, but her affections (both emotional and physical) proved she loved him. When it came down to it, Darren was ready to propose. But when the day came, before she could say yes, Darren had to accept a certain caveat. 

Dalia was indeed from money. She came from a very successful family lineage that Darren had never heard of before. Dalias many talents and interests culminated into one key focus: Magic. And her family was one of oldest magical families around. So old in fact, that her father was not only the head of the family, but also the figurehead of all dark power on Earth. If he was to marry Dalia, then he would have to succeed her father. 

One does not ask the Dark Lord for his daughters hand in marriage though. Especially not some mortal without a lick of magic in his veins. He could challenge her older brother and if he bested him, then he would have won her hand. But her brother was just as powerful as her father, and Darren was likely to lose the fight and his life. And so Dalia proposed a compromise. 

Her father, while an accomplished magician in many fields, specialized as a necromancer. A style of magic so complex that one misstep could mean losing a limb, your life, or your sanity. 

“When a person is brought back to life, there is a chance to change everything about them. Think of it as rebirth. A man dies—a man who has never played an instrument in his life—and you bring him back able to play the piano as though he’d spent his whole life doing it.” 

“Darren,” Dalia cooed, stroking his hair, “I could bring you back, and make you just as powerful as my father and my brother. They couldn’t deny you then.” 

“But to be brought back I have to—“

“Die. Yes. But it won’t be long. It’ll be as though you went to sleep. When you wake up, you’ll understand your power. So Darren, my love, would you do this for me? For us?” 

Before he could respond she kissed him. Her lips melted into his and he was putty in her hands. They made love and all the while she whispered into his ear. She whispered words of passion and pleasure, of fantasy and things to be. She stroked his hair and body and ego, and when it was all said and done he laid in bed exhausted. She sat perched above him, nude with a dagger held high above his chest. 

“I love you,” Darren said just before he felt the impact of the blade, and his world went black. 


Darren has no memory of what happened afterwards. Only an all consuming cold darkness, followed by his coronation to the throne. He did understand his power, as now he had much of it. Apparently he used it to usurp the throne and he took Dalia as his Queen. He had killed her father and brother, and rather than mourn their loss she rejoiced in his victory. In her victory. For Darren understood what had happened. He knew what he had become. Yes, he was the Dark Lord, but he was no real king. Only a figurehead and puppet for the new matriarch. 

edit: Obligatory thanks for the gold and thank you for everyone reading! 