*Go easy on me. I haven't written in quite while.*   


I knew the idea was a dangerous one when I discovered it. The alchemical texts had led me deeper into a web of archaic documents and scribbles, and it was in an ancient tome that I had found my curse. The potential of the discovery had haunted me for days after I read it, but I had no idea that the actual haunting was years to come. 

I performed the ritual, and I spoke the words. I did things that would shock any modern person, but I was successful. *They* appeared, or, rather, I was suddenly able to see them. Consciousnesses who couldn’t interact with the corporeal world were all around me. I studied the spirits for years, but I did my best to avoid any indications that I could see them. I didn’t know what they would do if they discovered that I could see them. In the process, I gradually became desensitized to any form of human interaction. My only relationship that was anything approaching normal came about in the midst of my attempt to desensitize myself. She was too good for me. In fact, I don’t know why she found herself attracted to someone of my disposition. I may never understand her motivations. I tried to divorce my feelings from my actions and free my mind to continue my research, but I couldn’t help but begin to reciprocate her advances. She never questioned my peculiarities when it came to my unwillingness to engage with others in any meaningful form of communication beyond that which was required for me to continue my physical existence, but she seemed to understand more of myself than I did, and in her company, I found myself strangely comforted. We were wed, and I led a double life. I was able to ignore the spirits all around me while I was with her. She always provided me comfort when I was overly troubled from the trials of a particularly disturbing experience, and while my research progressed slowly, I was gradually coming to understand that these spirits that I saw were just a dying remnant of the beings they had been. Over time, they faded away. Some seemed resigned to their fates, while others went fighting and struggling into the nothingness of whatever next plane awaited them.

Two spirits in particular will always stay in my memories. It was the image of an old man. He sat on a bench outside my apartment. He sat and wept, always the same. He would look up at passersby and request their help. In fact, he was the first spirit to whom I almost betrayed my ~~ability~~ curse. He caught me off-guard one day. He addressed me by name as I walked by. I can only assume that this was a fluke, I can’t imagine how he would've know my (admittedly common) name, yet I turned in my tracks as he called to me for help. He must’ve suspected something, as his eyes showed a glint of hope as I looked towards him, but I quickly regained my composure and pretended to be intrigued by the nameplate on the bench. His words were terrible. He told me of how he felt tired and hungry, but he could never sleep nor sate his appetite. He told me that he couldn’t remember his son’s face, but he he called his name out to every man who walked past. His speech grew more confused as he began to become even more distressed. He screamed in my face as continued the study the names inscribed on the bench. I finally looked at my watch and started off. The man’s wails and sobs followed me down the street, and I continued down the sidewalk, never looking back. I congratulated myself on my accomplishment of nearly total impassivity, little did I know that this would be child's play.      

I told you that there were two spirits who would always haunt my memories. The experience with old man on the bench pales in comparison to what I would find on my return to my apartment. In fact, I am having trouble continuing this letter. Allow me to take a pause, and I will return soon.

&#x200B;

This is difficult for me to recount. I have used every ounce of my considerable self control to attempt to recall details. All I can remember at first was a quiet sobbing from another room. I forced myself to take on a blank stare as I walked down the suddenly much-longer-seeming hallway towards my wife’s study. The sobbing grew steadily louder, but then stopped as I entered her study. I felt the color draining from my face as my mind processed the sight of the two women in the room. Identical in features, one was distraught and begging me to come no closer. The other was slumped back in her chair, a bottle of pills sitting neatly on her desk. I rushed over to the silent version of my wife and buried my head in her stomach as my tears broke out. The spirit with my wife’s likeness and memories begged forgiveness as she raced around the room, shouting that this isn’t what she wanted. I wept as I listened to her explanation of her loneliness and inability to continue giving all of her energies to support a husband who couldn’t show her that he loved her. I yearned to apologize. I fought back the urge to stand and yell back that I did love her. I forced my feelings down deeper into my heart. I sealed back my emotions and became even more of a machine. My tears dried as my heart shriveled in my chest.

>“I never needed you anyway.” 

Those were the only words that made it out of my mouth that day. The spirit fell silent as her face became as stoney as mine. I wish I could bring myself to feel remorse. In fact, I wish I could bring myself to feel anything. She still hasn’t faded. She remains wandering through my rooms. I sometimes wake up in the night to find her hovering over me, hurt and sadness filling her eyes. I never have detected any malice from her. I can’t understand this, and as I reach the end of my life, having witnessed the many explosions of wrath, sorrow, pain and madness that come from various spirits as they vainly attempt to reconnect with the world that continues on, oblivious to their displays. 

I still haven’t discovered how to stop seeing these things. In fact, I can’t help but think that there’s only one way to escape this reality, if reality is even what I’m experiencing. The temptation of that bottle of pills that sits to this day on my wife’s desk has become my struggle now. I’ve written all this down, for you, dearest, as I can’t help but tell you the truth. I can’t say that I love you, for I can’t say that I love anything. I know I did once love you. As far as I can discern, we won’t be able to see each other, soon. The spirits don’t seem able to interact with each other. I'm sure this will, as it seems all of my actions always have, hurt you more than it will me. 

Goodbye, and I’m sorry. 