"You know how crazy you sound, right?" Amanda laughed as her boyfriend, Troy looked intently out the front window of his beaten up white Honda Civic. Troy looked over to her annoyingly.

"I told you, you don't have to be here for this, but I know what I saw," Troy snapped back before returning his gaze to the front door of the library. The early morning sun had begun to creep its way over the horizon. Troy looked down to the car's clock and saw that it was almost seven o'clock. A red truck suddenly eased its way past the car and parked closely to the front entrance. An unassuming middle aged man who was slightly balding stumbled out of the truck and quickly tucked in his button down before briskly walking to the front doors of the library and unlocking them.

"That's the guy you've been talking about the last few weeks?" Amanda asked sarcastically. Troy had perked up in his chair. 

"Yeah, that's him," Troy said excitedly as he stepped out of the car and jogged over to the front entrance leaving Amanda in the car by herself. She shook her head before also getting out of the car and walked after Troy. Troy swung the library door open quickly, nearly hitting his face on the door in the process, and quickly walked over to the front desk. 

"Morning!" the man said gleefully as if he'd never met Troy before. Troy looked at him curiously. 

"Uh, morning," Troy said. He pulled his backpack off and pulled a large leather bound book out with black edges and placed it on the desk.

"Ah, the Necronomicon! I remember you! How'd you like it? Nearly cost me an arm and a leg to get that for this library!" he said chuckling to himself.

"Right," Troy responded, now more confused than before. Three weeks prior he had asked for the mythical book as a lame joke. Ten minutes later this old man had come back covered in ash and scorched hair, acting as if nothing had happened, and handed Troy the book. It had still been warm to the touch. "It was, pretty good, I guess," Troy responded, not having actually read the thing.

"I'll make sure to put this right back," the librarian said as he typed something into his computer before putting the book on a cart behind him. Troy slowly backed away as the man simply smiled at him and returned to his work. Amanda came up behind Troy and touched his shoulder causing Troy to jump in surprise.

"Jesus, Troy," she laughed. "What's the matter with you lately?" she asked. Troy grabbed her arm and rushed over behind a tall shelf of books. 

"Look, something weird's happening here that I can't really explain. I need to stay here for awhile," he said as he pulled the car keys from his pocket. "You can leave if you want and just pick me up later, okay?" Amanda rolled her brown eyes and smiled at Troy. 

"You're crazy, you know that right?" she said still smiling. Troy shrugged his shoulders. "I'll stay," Amanda said. Troy smiled back at her and put the keys back into his jean pockets. He peaked through a crack in the books and stared at the man as he continued typing at his computer. "What're we looking for exactly?" Amanda whispered to Troy.

"I need to see where he puts that book," Troy responded. The man suddenly glanced up from his computer, scanned the empty library and walked back top the cart full of returned books. He picked up the Necronomicon and gently brushed his hand across the face of the book.

"Well that's creepy," Amanda whispered as she too was now looking through an opening on the shelves. Troy remained silent. The man looked up once again before walking swiftly to the back of the library.

"Let's go!" Troy whispered excitedly running out form behind the shelf and after the librarian. Amanda ran quickly after him. The two silently hid from shelf to shelf following the man who soon came up to an old wooden door. Troy swore he could hear the man whispering something. Troy and Amanda sat about twenty feet behind peaking around the corner of the shelf. The man suddenly looked behind him and Troy and Amanda sprung for cover to remain out of sight. The two held their breath as they waited to see if the man had saw them. The creaking of an opening door suddenly screeched across the library and it slammed shut a moment later. Troy rose quickly to his feet and ran down the hall to the door before standing in front of it.

"Where do you think it goes?" Amanda asked.

"Only one way to find out," Troy said and reached for the handle. Amanda grabbed his arm suddenly.

"Are you crazy, Troy? We can't just go in! It's probably restricted or something," she said nervously now.

"C'mon, Amanda. Where's your sense of adventure?" Troy asked. Amanda looked at him annoyingly but couldn't help cracking a smile as she stared at him.

"You're seriously crazy" she said to him and dropped his arm. Troy kissed her on the cheek and swung the door open. It was pitch black and he slowly stepped inside. Amanda, blushing, followed after him. She couldn't see a thing as the door suddenly swung shut behind her causing her to scream. She threw her hands immediately in front of her mouth. After a moment passed and she collected her thoughts she took a single step forward. "Troy?" she whispered.

"Here," a voice in front of her whispered back. Amanda felt his hand brush alongside her thigh and she quickly grabbed it and held it tightly. "Can't see a damn thing though," Troy said.

"Maybe there's a light-" the floor suddenly felt as if it disappeared from beneath the two and they fell quickly into the darkness. Amanda held onto Troy's hand tightly, screaming, as lights suddenly flashed all around the two. Troy pulled Amanda close to him and wrapped his arms around her.

"Hold on!" she thought she heard him scream but their voices had seemed to have been drowned out. The lights suddenly stopped flashing and the two landed in a pile of sand. It exploded around them. Silence surrounded them. Only their heaving breathing could be heard. Troy slowly looked up and saw a candle lit temple before him. Strange hieroglyphics decorated the walls as candle light flickered around him. He looked back and helped Amanda to her feet. 

"What the hell?" Amanda whispered looking around the temple in awe. A sudden crack rang from behind the two and they both swung around quickly to see what caused the sound. The librarian, now with a black hood on, stood before them, still carrying the Necronomicon under his right arm. The three stood in silence staring at each other.

"You shouldn't have come here," the man suddenly spoke up.

Frightened, Amanda tried walking away yanking Troy's arm with her. "It's okay!" she said. "We were just heading back," Amanda tried walking away but the man grunted causing her to stop.

"Can't get out that way," he said plainly. Troy pulled away from Amanda and stared at the man. 

"Where are we?" Troy asked the man. The man looked at Troy quizzically.

"No time to explain, but you have to come with me now before *he* finds you two," the man said sternly.

"He?" Troy asked but the man had already spun around and had begun to walk away. Troy looked over to a scared Amanda and held out his hand. She looked at it nervously, arms crossed, before sighing. She reached for Troy's hand and the two turned to follow after the man. A distant roar caused the two to freeze and look back at the empty, dimly lit temple. The two looked at each other, and then quickly ran after the man, disappearing into the darkness of the temple.





