The TV above the bar droned endlessly in its praise of one Victor Blackshaw, the newest hero of Pontiff City. Savior. Mayor Lin in Manuele Square, shaking the hand of a lanky, jittery man with beady eyes and a cheap suit, just before the handing over of the keys to the city. They loved it. Schools out in the afternoon so the kids could attend. They even had some kind of stupid mural made. Greatest hero. Most wonderful hero.

Ad nauseam.

I spun my glass of water round and round on the bar top, doing my best to ignore the broadcast.

"Want me to turn that off, Vic?" Hector said from his stool, though he didn't lift his eyes from his phone.

I sighed, which he took to mean "leave it on". Quiet night tonight; not that Hector's seedy little place on the corner of Silver Drive did roaring business on other days. But I had my suspicions. Glancing at the door, I saw that the "open" side of the sign was facing me.

Good ol' Hector.

"You did good, Vic." Hector waved a hand at the TV. "These people, they got it right. Maybe you should, too."

"Screw them," I said, emptying my glass.

Hector got up and fetched a fresh pitcher, condensation dripping off its murky, plastic sides. As he poured, he said softly, "Just 'cause you didn't mean it, don't mean you were wrong. Those were some bad people."

I nodded absently, watching the newsreel. The victims—my victims—appeared on the screen. Real names: Grant, Mitchell, and Kelly Baxter. Fifty-three, twenty, forty-eight. Bodies cremated and—

The news didn't say that; I was simply remembering what my FBI—what did they term him again? Oh yes, handler—had reported. All while wearing the biggest grin on his face, like he'd just won the lottery.

"Serves those sonabitches righ', for killin' so many of ours," he'd said. Then he'd clapped me on the back, and walked me out of their headquarters as his colleagues clapped.

The door opened, admitting a blast of muggy, summer air into the bar. A woman in a black dress sauntered up the bar, smiling at me and nodding at Hector.

"What'll you have?" Hector said.

"Whatever he's having," she said as she sat down next to me.

Hector snorted. "There's a surcharge for that shit."

When he handed her a glass, she took a sip, though she made no comment about the unusual contents. Then she set it aside and said, "You're Mr. Blackshaw."

I sighed. "Look, ma'am, I've already talked to all the reporters I want to talk to in this lifetime at the ceremony today. And I don't do autographs. Leave me alone, please."

She leaned closer. Her perfume filled my nostrils. "I'm neither."

"Then what do you want?"

"To talk. And then ... well, that depends on how cooperative you are."

This time, I turned to look at her. Her gaze was sultry all right, but I wasn't in the mood. "Was that a threat?"

She smiled. "Again, it depends on our talk."

"The FBI have cleared me of wrongdoing. And they've offered to protect me from any other ... God, I can't believe I'm saying this. From other supervillains."

"Then where are your bodyguards?" She made a show of looking around.

I felt a chill race down my spine. Even Hector had disappeared into the back room. "I ... I refused. I don't deserve it." Suddenly, I wasn't sure that was the smartest idea.

"A pity." She edged her seat closer; I noticed one of her hands hidden behind her back. But as I looked closer, I also realized ... she was trembling. Only a little, but still noticeable. What was she worried about?

"Who are you?" I said.

She shook her head instead. "Let's talk about you, instead. Nobody's heard about you before the incident. Now ... now you're on everybody's lips. People see you as a hero, but I, and some others, are a little more wary."

"You see, whenever a supervillain gets killed by anyone other than a superhero or the cops, someone just as bad tends to take their place. You're neither a superhero, nor a cop. Can you see where I'm going?"

"You think I'm a supervillain?" I said. Then I laughed in her face, short and harsh. "Woman, I can't even pay my rent on time, and now I don't even have a car. I work ten miles out of the city! The goddamned insurance company's holding—"

"We know all that," she said. "A good story. Maybe true, maybe not, but you sure have the city believing it."

I glared at her. "Then look at it this way. If I were the newborn villain that you're accusing me of being, was it wise for you to come here alone?"

Her head rocked back a little. "I'm not—I mean, I'm not accusing you of anything. Unless, of course, you're admitting to it."

I scoffed, turning back to the bar. "Piss off."

Infuriatingly, she didn't listen. "Tell me the truth, once and for all. What's your plan? Why did you kill Whisky, Tango and Foxtrot?"

My fingers closed around the glass, knuckles turning white. There was a dull pounding in my temples, a phantom sensation, a remembrance of that night ...

"I was ... I was driving home. Late one. Janet and Henry had just gotten engaged, so we'd gone and celebrated." I bowed my head and drew a deep breath. "Thought I didn't have too much to drink."

"You were drunk?" the woman said, sounding genuinely surprised. "The reports—"

"—didn't say anything because they wanted me to look good," I said heavily. "Yeah. Lost control, hit the Baxters, sent them off the bridge. Now I'm a hero. A goddamned hero."

"You know what they found in the car?" I said, cutting her off just as she opened her mouth. "A birthday cake. It was Mitchell's birthday." I chuckled bitterly. "Who knew supervillains had birthdays too?"

The bar fell into silence. Hector had come back, and he now stood uneasily in the doorway, looking between us. Finally, I heard the rustle of cloth as the woman stood. She placed a strange, triangular device on the bar, and wedged some cash beneath it.

"What's that?" I said.

"Thought you could do with someone buying you a drink," she said.

"The thing."

She hesitated, then placed a tentative hand on my shoulder. "Sorry for the confrontation. I had to know you weren't a supervillain. If you need to talk to me, or if you ever need my help, you can use that to contact me."

"Oh yeah?" I spun as she headed for the exit. "And whose side are you on?"

She looked over her shoulder, smiling. Hell, she was actually quite pretty, after all that. "I'll let you figure that one out."

***

*Thanks for reading! Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more of my works!*