"Seymour, I'm hungry!"

The shower was getting impatient. It had been months since I last fed it.

"Seymour, I made you rich man! I had your back while you basked in the glory of my ideas, now it's time for you to feed me!"

"Not now man! I can't risk having another foster child die when I'm taking care of them! Especially not with all this media attention on me now!" 

"Seymour, my man, why you gotta play a brother like that? I aint asking for much man! I just need a little taste! I'm starving over here man!" The shower was getting anxious.

It had been five years. Five years since I had moved in to this little run down house. Four and a half years since I took in my first foster child. Four years and three months since that foster child slipped in the shower and cut his throat "accidentally" with a straight razor. And four years two months and 29 days since the shower first spoke to me, thanking me for feeding it that boy.

I'd thought I was going crazy. I had barely cleaned up the bathroom, I was gross, and I had to take a shower. This house only had one bathroom, so I had to hop in the crime scene of all places. I had turned the shower on hot and steamy to try and wash away the memories of my failure as a foster parent when the voice floated to me, soft and soothing. 

"Hey Seymour, it's me, your shower. Now I know you probably think you're going crazy, and I can't blame you man, but that boy was so sweet. As a thank you man, for getting me that sweet sweet blood,  I wanna tell you a secret. The cure for cancer? Thorium tetrachlorotrioxyantimide. It'll clear it all right up in a jiffy. Now Seymour,  I know you don't know how to make this stuff,  but call your friend Professor Gerwine at your alma mater and he can help you. Seymour, you're not crazy man. Just call the professor!"

Against by better judgement, I'd called the professor. Turns out, it was the cure for cancer. And the next day in the shower the voice had told me how to cure world hunger, and it had been right about that too. I'd gone back to the foster agency a month later and signed up for a new kid. Three months later, he brained himself on the soap holder and bled out in the shower. The shower had told me where to invest in thorium mines then, and it had made me rich two years later when the treatment was approved.

But now, three years and six foster boys later, even though they had all been accidents, and even though I'd cured cancer and world hunger, the foster agency was beginning to suspect something was up. 

"Seymour,  I told you a long time ago man! I need blood! I gotta live, man! FEED ME!"

I couldn't take it any more. I called up my business partners and decided to take a vacation. Somewhere far away,  somewhere quiet....and somewhere with no crazy showers! 

*Edit: I didn't know how to do a line break. Edited for ease of reading.