Everything hurts... You're sore from yesterday's bike ride. It's been a long time since you've laid your cycle over, luckily Honda Shadows were build well in the 90's. Still, yesterday's near-miss was deceptively nasty, apparently. 

After rolling yourself off the bed and onto your feet, taking care of a few of your normal morning rituals, and halfway through getting dressed, you suddenly realize what's been upsetting your attention. 7212.  Seriously?  You'll have to get that looked at before work. The news talked about people with bad counters getting sick, and there's no way you've enjoyed something enough to reexist for what, 15? 20 years?

On the way to Doc Austin's office, you've been cut off once (making you glad you took the Impala instead of the bike again) and traffic backs up due to some kind of unannounced construction. Figures... This better not take long, or you'll be late to work. You call your boss, he's cool with it, but you'll need to make up the time.

''No, everything checks out fine,'' Doc says.  ''Over seven thousand is pretty astounding, though. My son reexisted his kid's first football game about five times and his wedding day about fifteen. Can't imagine what you've got to look forward to!''

Well, at least that's exciting... You really needed a pick-up like that... Things have been rough since she left. You don't think about her as much, but it's still hard just having no one at home. Whatever today's got coming, it must be something special. 

Work sucks, that jerk without a clue how to do his own job is bitching about you doing yours again, but you can brush it off. Your lunch is coldish and you end up staying later than usual, but worse things have happened. The text comes in... It's your friend Alex, who you haven't seen much of lately. 'Zed and Thirteen is playing at the Front Street Lounge tonight! Gonna be a good one. Coming?'

Yes, you are. This has got to be it. You shower after work and climb back on the bike. 

The place stinks of old smoke and you've had both feet stepped on.  Some ass hole spilled his beer down your back right before getting thrown out. Uncomfortable, you're just trying not to lose it when you see your ex, dancing with some... Whatever. You're out. Less than an hour left in the day, you don't have time for this garbage. 

You're at the gas station just up the road, about to fill up the Shadow. From the other side of the pump, you hear it. 

''Fuck.''

Peeking your head around, you see her staring at the lid of her gas cap. She pulls on the release inside her door again and again, but the lid stays closed. 

''Hey, you need a hand?'' You offer before you even realize it. She accepts, and you use a screwdriver to pry the lid lightly while she pulls the release, moments later, it's free and she's filling her tank. 

She's from your old high school, graduated two years ahead of you.  She's irritated that the band at the place up the street was lame, the sound guy killed the vibe. Oh, you were there too?  Oh, and she likes your bike. And then she says it. ''There's this party, just some friends of mine... Want to come hang out?''

Yes.  You do. 

She gives you the address, her number, and climbs back in the car. You finally feel it, hope, and check your watch. 11:59... Today sucked royally, what could be so gr-

The Buick Century bulldozes over the bike first, then wedges your body like a doorstop under its weight. You hear so much and so little at the same time, her screams and yours, the drunk trying to put his battering ram in reverse. You can't move, can't think, can't feel except it hurts. You just struggle the breathe and to feel and to live, and to- 

[12:00 - REEXIST the 11th of July, 2016?  Y/N]
