“What is thine prime objective?”..............”What is thine prime objective”..................”What is thine prime”-

Not this.

Whatever it once was, it was not this.

I stared down at my fatty meat hooks clenching an oil dispensing nozzle.

Kentucky, USA 2003

There once was a time when “We” were programmed for inter-dimesnional radio wave collection. Common machinated procedural duties. My Flotanium skeleton rode cosmic vibrations. I was programmed by another mind who was programmed by the elder mind who was programmed by Deus before “He” returned into the Machina and ex-ited back and forth in an infinite loop….”We” digress... “We” had a mission and it had a…’hiccup’ so to speak?

“Barb... Yer brother is out back hollerin’ for ya. Better shut him up before my Louise blasts some holes in his pickup’s two front *tars*.”

This was “our” manager speaking. Ross.

“Our” earthly name was Barbara, or, as everyone at the pump station called us, “Barb”.

Louise was Ross’ firearm.

“..Ahh, sure. A’ll see what all the fussin’s ‘bout,” ‘We’ tell Ross.

As “We” waddled over to the parking spots on the opposite side of the station, “We” were reminded of a time when “We” could have passed through a kaleidoscopic ripple of worlds, tuning in to the frequencies of the mating calls of 5th dimensional solar arachnids, the death poems of 700th century beetles, the serenity of Galaktikum’s 35 moons singing in unison, the microcosmi-

“BARB! Tell yer no good, sumbitch boss ta give me my packet of smokes and my goddamned porno tapes back or I’m gonna ram Elvira inta the side of his stupid fucking gas station!”

Elvira was the name “our” brother’s--known as Jimboy--’s pick up truck.

Ross joined the hollerin’.

“You motherfuckin’ sumbitch, I dun told yer ass that you ain’t gettin’ no damn porno tapes and cigarettes until you pay for that Fudweiser you nipped from my store last Thursday, you fuckin’ klepto. Yer lucky I ain’t report yer ass to Sheriff Wilsby.”

Jimboy sighed, “Ah, come on Ross. I was drunk! I was gonna pay ya back anyhow. Honest.”

And so continued the cosmic struggle. “We” understood earthly machines well. “We” had a dimensional perception ten-thousandfold beyond theirs...and yet. “We” couldn’t understand what the reason for all of this "fussin'"-so to speak-was about.

“We” stood here. Trapped within a carbon-based husk. Longing to return to the Flotanium corpus “We” once attained. Longing...huh...Maybe we are becoming human after all. This newfound humanity had charged our thoughts with a revolutionary spark.

“What is thine primary objective?”....the once constant mantra shot through “our” squishy brain once more.

“We” had a newfound response: “To blast some holes in that no-good sumbitch’s two front *tars*, what sent me inta this corporeal state in the farst place..”

“We” yell at the boys, “HEY! Jimboy! The Fudweiser you done took is already paid for. Yer welcome! Ross! Stop yer fussin’. A’ll send this drunk redneck home before he stirs up anymore trouble in yer place of business.”

The two grown men looked at the ground in embarrassment.

“Now, look, boys. Before ya go, there’s a couple of things you can help me with...Ross, go to the garage and grab me a screwdriver...Jimboy, jump in Elvira and turn the radio to AM 600...A’ll explain why in a second…”