Diary entry 31
 It's been a month..... A month since I woke up from that coma.They tell me there was an accident at the lab... that i survived because of the accident... that it somehow healed me....... And kept me in a coma for 500 hundred years..... that the work we were doing at the lab was a success .... That it saved me ......that because of me they found the cure to everything. Cancer,AIDS,Ebola,Alzheimers the vaccine for all of this taken from my blood but of course they couldn't risk anyone finding out the truth of the cure. That if someone found out they would try to make things that make Satan cry like a little girl.So they kept me in a coma for 500 hundred years....Apparently after no one could die of anything but old age which was now around 150 now and  people had time to spare for other things... All the time and resource spend for cures and research for diseases were now  used to advance other things like how hoverboard trains and solar cars that ran forever and plastic retrieving and recycling drones(RnR they called it) weather contolling machines that turned deserts into forests and dissipates tornados and tsunamis before they even began in short everything to make life in earth heaven.They did all of this while I was in my  medically induced coma where they studied every inch of me........while my Elena and the ENTIRE world thought I was dead....but of course all of them had other things to rejoice over.... Turns out world peace is easy when every bodies not dying of deseases and plus Elena had our baby to worry about.I found out on the day of the accident actually she meant to tell me on the day but I found out... I was going to go along and pretend to be surprised but being in a coma for 5 centuries sort of put a dent on THAT plan.... Oh well but it wasn't all rainbows and sunshine they tell me there was a tragedy soon after my Elena died. The Believers they called themselves somehow all the religious nut jobs combined themselves into one army for one Last Crusade ..... of course they didn't get the chance their bomb apparently MALFUNCTIONED and they all died on the day it was unveiled and the world was free from all religious nutsacks of course religions still existed but only the ones who didn't go crazy. Funny thing actually they started their crusade because they felt that the world had started worshipping Satan because gay marriage was legalised everywhere

Oh and there's a new government. It's the only one. Countries have become states and so on. People vote on important matter through holograms in contact lenses. Everything is perfect or so they say.They say it's ok for the truth now so they told everyone about me.... they were all watching when I was brought out....I was in stage of a sort and surrounded by millions and millions of people who had come to see the guy... Easy to go to the other side of the world when it takes 15 mins and is free.... Just to see the guy who they had to thank for creating their perfect world.For creating..... utopia. So their I was being told it's been 500 years since I've been awake.......in front of the whole world. Later I found out they discovered the thing in my blood hours after the accident that the whole coma was unnecessary. Naturally I got a little upset....but I kept it inside... I let it grow .... I fed it. I acted,I smiled and did what they thought I would do day what they thought I would say. It's easy to trick people who haven't had anything to be scared of. The thing is even as advanced as there technology has gotten they were far too trusting they gave me accedes to labs.... The drones the weather satellites. They gave it all.... To me.... The guy who created utopia after all what would he do? The guy who they kept sleeping for centuries while his kid and wife died not knowing he was still alive and breathing.What could he do? The man who didn't get to see his child's first step. What could he do? The man with the cure for everything in his blood..... What.... Could..... He ....... Do? ...... Maybe ...... Maybe he could create something so bad that even God himself would crap in his pants? Not that most of them believed in him anymore but they still prayed to him is their last moments... After all what could they do after all the hospitals and clinics simply shut down? Of course they were no human doctors anymore and even if there were they couldn't have done anything....First the natural disasters hit wiped out around 27 percent. They were the lucky ones... The rest went slowly........ You see I knocked out everything all the transports, all the hospitals everything. It's easy to do that when everything is connected. And you might be wondering how they all died. I'll tell you... It was quit easy actually I just reversed the cure and voila. After that it was just a matter of using the weather satellite to spread it everywhere.The cure took hours to take affect bit they were lying on the ground screaming within seconds...... But that wasn't all I did I took the liberty of telling them who it was.... You know the holagram lenses? It displayed the words I first heard when they woke me...... They actually said it together all at once ....... Welcome to utopia Savior