You woke up that morning half dead to the world. The GovWatch (Apple had been purchased by Uncle Sam three years ago) on your wrist beeped, then buzzed, then shocked you into consciousness. The monitor on the desk next to your bed still had the screen up from your MMO while your character collected DayJob xp. Staying up until three am might have- ok, WAS- a terrible idea when the exams were at 9 am the next day, but fuck it. You only get your fifth tank it’s first cape once, right?

The watch shocked you again. This time a tinny voice came from it. “You have thirty minutes to arrive at exam location 607, County 101. There will be no second opportunities.” 

That was ominous enough to make you roll over. Panic had not set in yet. Overall you were pretty apathetic to the whole thing. Failing your drivers test three times, dropping out of college, and having the type of retail job that creates atheists had made you more or less numb to reality. 

Your cat, Fuck, was the one who REALLY got you up that day. No exam meant no tax refund, which meant no room in the budget for a pet friendly apartment, which meant no Fuck. And that was enough to make you put on pants most days, let alone THE day. 

So you fell out of bed, made sure all your bits were covered, put on your shoes, and met the Polling Bus right as it closed it’s door on your hand. The Polling Center was backed up, as usual, and while you stood in line various Vendorbas tried to sell you snacks or drinks. You declined. The bathrooms were neither free nor clean. 

The wait took three hours. Your Inattentive Type ADD was a blessing at this point. Unlike the shows, games, and government sponsored media broadcast on your watch, staring dreamily off into the distance was still free. It was a pretty good daydream. The Rock was in it.

Of course, all good things must end, and the narrow booth you were ushered into soon made reality a painful truth again. (The retinal scans were not technically FDA approved but pobody’s nerfect). As your eyelids twitched, the questions appeared. 

Nothing driven by human hands is ever truly random. And technically, neither was yours. They were just the Konami code a few keystrokes off. Maybe this was the year you decided to stop really caring? The first two times you had really tried. Not studied exactly, but answered things the way you wished things really worked. Bad guys getting justice, good guys getting vindication- the whole nine yards. But things had been shit lately and you sort of stopped giving a fuck. What is the motto of the United States of North America? In Dog Ew Tsurt. Should the second amendment guarantee guns for all? Leroy Jenkins. Are all men created equal? Tits or GTFO. With each question you got angrier and angrier. None of this shit was going to make a difference, why bother? Your answers weren’t even truly treasonous... just shitty. Just shenanigans.

You exited the booth in a half daze. You were going to go home, feed Fuck, sleep for three hours, feed Fuck again, sleep for four hours, and then participate in a raid. Well, maybe not that last one, for some reason you felt utterly drained. 

As you passed through the metal detector that bordered the polling entrance every joint in your body locked up. People dressed in black suits surrounded you, each one with the expression of a centurion called to defend a completely unexpected Caesar. 

They are a wall between you and the journalist who appears before you, wild eyed with opportunity.

“Ms. President! Ms. President, what do you have to say?!”

“Oh for Fuck’s sake.”