"Nani", I whispered to myself.  

Quickly after learning that I had powers I realized the limits of it: no living things.  

Pretty straightforward if you ask me, but you couldn't ask anyone else, so yeah, pretty straightforward.  

Appalled about my failed attempt to move the ugly dwarf statue my uncle gave us as a pretty weird April Fools "prank" some years ago. Something wasn't feeling right about this, so I left the rake by the door, with a few dry leaves still embedded on it's teeth, and warily approached the cracked figurine with faded paint. My heart was pumping with uncalled (or maybe not) adrenaline. I went around it, to check the state it was in, and noticed the crackings transformed into a small-ish hole, about two inches in diameter, on the dwarf's backhead, some kind of stuffing (?) in it. The darkness transformed into some furriness.  

As I was inspecting it, it shuffled, and I instantly realized what it was and what I needed, no what I HAD to do.  
I went running into the house, my dad, chilling in the sofa and reading some book on his Kindle, still with his service bots and pants on, looked up to me and asked me what was going on. "I need the gun.", I asked agitated, while he was still trying to figure out what was going on with me I spat "Something evil is in the frontyard". I don't know if it was the way I said it or the look in my eyes, but he quickly left his glasses and the kindle on the coffee table and followed me outside. As we slowly approached the gnome he had his right hand fingers by the gun in his belt, his hand and arm still, expecting that hell could break loose.  

While I signalled my dad were to look at, and we were still about four foots away, the brownish hairs slowly moved until we could see a small black-eyed face. Our hearts sank, we didn't have to think what it meant, not only for us, but for the community, the nature itself. My dad quickly, almost robotically, pulled out his gun and shot twice at it. One bullet hitting the dwarf's head and the other less than an inch bellow it, right into the cracked hole. We didn't heard a screech, for we knew the creature was instantly dead.  

I went for the bag with leaves while dad picked up the dwarf statue, blood trailing down the hell's mouth, while he carefully pried the demon out of his hideout. As we were cleaning the mess up, our front neighbour came to see what the conmotion was about, while some other people from up and down the street spied from their windows, We didn't have to say anything as we showed him what was it, but I felt the need to clear it out, just to make it justifiable, "A squirrel", I frowned in sorrow, "we had to, to kill it", I said while dad was lifting the broken up dwarf's head, mourning his precious and horrible broken garden gnome, "red belly squirrels aren't indigenous from here", as I recalled watching the news about the plague, learning that they killed crops and drove off populations of birds since they were introduced, "life's not a cartoon."