It was all quite well thought out, although I suppose there was no reason for it not to be; the incredible men from *The Alexander* had known they might receive visitors from the distant past. Obviously though, four centuries is a long time to keep a reception party on hand.  

The astronauts from Earth's second space travelling colony were as surprised as expected. We were fed strange but nutritious foods, disinfected in efficient but unrefreshing "shower" procedure that replaced a medical exam, and were accommodated in luxurious quarters that weren't quite comfortable. We were explorers. Were. We braved a frontier that wasn't a frontier at all, anymore.  

The briefing on the birth of the colony that rich Earth tourists called *Space Shangai* broke my spirit for a while, and I wasn't the only one. There were honourary positions available to us, but many of my comrades found them insulting dead ends. Alcohol stocks from the ship had run dry quickly, but contemporary illicit substances in New Shangai were a common crutch for the depressed, misplaced Relics from Colony 2.  

If we were shocked that our space colonization had become irrelevant 65 years before we landed, the people that we met here were even more amazed by us. We were a window into the past. Still are, really, none of us has adapted very well. Nine people killed themselves, an absolute marvel to the modern colonists who had literally no familiarity with the core concept of suicide.  

They are a very efficient people, friendly but not warm. Their emotions seem checked, delayed, like the delay when we would first video chat to Earth, before we lost contact. It made them seem *too* perfect, as if their bodies weren't a constant reminder; only one or two of us Relics can pass for New-Agers, and a handful more with the right preparation and makeup.  

Our investigation into the differences between the two factions here point to more than nurture: there's a fundamental difference between us. I intend to know it, although it seems to be a secret so closely guarded that New-Agers don't even acknowledge it. I didn't want to burn any bridges, but sleuthing hadn't turned up anything, so I took the next step. New-Agers weren't knowledgeable in the area of suicide, but it had begged for death while I interrogated it.  

I sat in a puddle of my own sweat, dripping with blood that wasn't mine. This wasn't a colony of people evolved from humans of my time, it was an inhuman colony evolved *using* us. I'd need to know more about the present state of Earth before I returned there. The disgust of realization swirled with the sense of dangerous purpose in my heart, almost strong enough to make me sick, definitely strong enough to bring me back to life.