It’s been over 3000 years. I remember how frightened I was the day I was supposed to die. I was atop the pyramid of the sun, next in line as a sacrifice to the gods. I lay down on the stone pedestal, my heart is ripped out, my head is cut off. As my head tumbles down the stairs, I see something, an outsider. Dressed like none other that I have seen before. As the tumbling is nearing the end, my brain dies, and my soul is released. As the outsider nears my severed head, I follow him. He looks down and studies my face, seeming confused. I creep up behind him as he crouches down. I step on the outsider’s robe and as soon as I do, he contours his body in an impossible manner. It was in that moment that I realized I touched death, he didn’t touch me. 



I woke up the next day in my hut. Everything was exactly as it was the day before. Except this time I wasn’t atop the pyramid, I was in the crowd. It seemed so surreal. Had I dreamed everything the day before? I watched the heads topple down the pyramid. The sacrifice was over. I went home. For the next ten years everything was completely normal. In fact, I forgot about that strange dream. While hunting one day I made a mistake. I was outside my normal area chasing an impala. I shot my bow only to spook it, setting it off in the opposite direction. As I chased, the impala took a leap. A leap much more paramount than I expected. There was a ravine. As I fell to my death, my life flashed before my eyes, as meaningless as it was. I hit the ground, hard. 



I woke up in my hut again, only to hear that I wasn’t on the hunt today. I thought to myself, how is this even possible? Then I remembered, the day I saw that strange figure. Both times it had felt so real, it couldn’t possibly have been a dream. Nothing eventful happened for the next 20 years. I lived my life and got sick when the Spanish came, just like everyone else. At this point I knew, I was going to die. I was sure of it. My body died, but I didn’t. 



I lived my life like there was no tomorrow because there always was. My body may die, but I won’t. I fought in every war. I met Jesus. I was a Viking. I was in the English army. I then fought against them in the revolutionary war. I killed my brothers as the union split. I’ve seen it all. The lives I’ve lived are incredible. Especially when you remain completely fearless. The lives I’ve lived have been too much.



I off myself a least once a week now in the hopes that death will appear again. I’ve tried everything, guns, knives, car crashes, motorcycle crashes, plane crashes, you name it… I wake in my bed every single time, just to see it to happen to someone else. WHY won’t I DIE? What is this cruel trick that is being played upon me? Everyone I’ve ever loved, everyone I’ve ever known is dead. I’m sick of starting over and meeting new people. 



It gets to a point where you have done everything and seen everything. Eventually I started working in a lumber factory. I had given up at this point and come to the conclusion that I just couldn’t be killed. I was having a particularly bad day and didn’t feel like continuing work. So I hopped on a conveyer with the biggest saw blades I could find. As my head was chopped off, Death appeared!! He smiled at me. A smile that should never be seen from such a creature. A happiness that I hadn’t even seen in a human. He took off his robe and I faded into the abyss. I woke the next day in a plane full of hundreds of crazed people. I looked at my hands and there was no skin, only bones. An impact and a burst of fire ensued. Everyone is dead, except me. I look down only to realize what I have become. I am Death. This was only the beginning, I pray for the poor bastard that steps on my robe. 
