"Rick, come watch Camera 893."

Rick shuffled over, adjusting his glasses slightly, stuffing a potato chip into his mouth, and set his gaze towards a gigantic wall of monitors.

"Which one?"

"893, right there." Thomas pointed at a screen showing a large bald man, sitting eerily on a couch which he mostly occupied, in a room filled with cans, discarded food containers.

"Ohhhh yeah... oh I gotcha you little fucker!" Barry exclaimed as he chased after a pig shaped mammal.

"Thumpawumpasaurus... Junior. Haha. ", he swiftly grabbed a notebook next to him, and started furiously writing.

"He... he's enjoying it." Rick said, with a dumbfounded look on his face.

Suddenly a shriek came through the monitor, causing Thomas and Rick to pause.

"God damn it Barry! You no good, fat, stupid, waste of space! I told you to get the hell up, and go get some Groceries. You been playing that game for 42 straight hours! Your kids are starving, and I am at my wits end!"

Rick gasped, "Did she... did she say 42 hours!"

Thomas nodded, shaking his head with a faint smile on his face, his hand pointing towards a line on his own monitor.

Rick looked down towards it, reading swiftly.

"Barry Darringer, married, white, male, 38 years old. 42.327 hours logged."

"I'll go in a minute Wanda! Jeez. Can't I just have a minute to play my game. Let me catalogue this last animal, and I'll go." Barry exclaimed, fiddling with his notebook.

"Get a move on buddy, or I'm taking me and the kids to Momma's house again."   And with that Wanda stomped out the door.

"Huhuh..." Barry raced towards a rotund purple dinosaur like creature.

"Wandabitchus Rexmaxiumus Fatmington" he giggled to himself.

"This... this is the one." Thomas said, turning to Rick, "You fucking found him."

Barry and Rick raced out to their surveillance van, wearing their usual black suits and ties, and sped towards Barry's address.

*Knock* *Knock*

"Damnit Wanda! Just open the door, I'm still busy naming this Galocksmosaurus!"

"Hi... it's not Wanda, we... we are here looking for Barry."
Thomas yelled through the screen.

Barry grunted as he pulled himself off the couch, and wandered towards the door.

"Look guys, I'm kind of in the middle of some important work here, okay? I'd appreciate it if you'd leave me alone so I can get back to it."

"You mean, the work of naming the Wandabitchus Rexmaxiumus Fa..."

Barry interrupted, "Oh bullshit! There is no way you found my planet! The developers said that was like, almost impossible!"

"We... we are part of a firm that created No Man's Sky, Barry." Thomas said, 

"Alright, great thanks for the game, but I really got to get back to it alright, I have a whole goddamn universe to name."

"Barry... Barry listen... We created No Man's Sky as a social experiment. We were looking for humans that would be ideal for a mission of utmost importance to the fate of hum..."

Barry interrupted, "Holy shit, you just aren't listening to me... this shit isn't just going to name itself!"

"B...Barry.. hold on!" Rick exclaimed,

"It's all pointless, we wipe the server every two weeks anyways. The whole fucking system is stored on a forty gigabyte drive we bought at Walmart. It was programmed by Indian Outsource engineers in two weeks. We really didn't expect anyone to still be playing longer than twenty hours."

"But you did... Barry.. you did... you beat everyone's expectations, you're the perfect candidate."
Thomas said, raising his hands towards Barry.

"The.. the monotony, it's based off of our missions. We sent a probe thirty years ago towards Alpha Centari, in it carrying the hope of humanity, our best and brightest. We have cataloged potentially habitable planets, but the multitudes are desolate, uninhabited, wastelands."

Rick said, looking pleadingly towards Barry.

"We were so wrong, their brilliant minds, every one of them, cracked... They joined the trip thinking they would be like Captain Kirk, heading out into the great unknown, but with every planet, it was that same red dust, the empty space, the nothingness. All while knowing their children are aging, their lives dwindling, and it would all be for nothing. They landed on the surface of those desolate worlds, breathed the dust, the empty atmospheres, and in the nothingness lost themselves to it. But in the end... in the end we have to find that habitable planet, that precious blue dot floating in the midst of the infinite dreck of nothingness and blight."

And with this Thomas paused. Looking towards Barry.

"We need you Barry. Your country needs you."

"You're just like Wanda... Won't give me a goddamn minute to play my game, and catalog."

Barry said, turning away from both of them, fidgeting his notebook in one hand as he sighed.

"Barry.. no... we.. you heard us, they wipe it! It's pointless, meaningless, it..."

*SLAM* Barry slammed the door in their face, fiddling with the lock, jamming it behind him wandering back to the couch.

"Barry! Barry, you're our only hope!"
Thomas yelled, before hearing the volume raised, the same blaring nonsense music spinning endlessly in a loop of tortured meaninglessness.
