They say that a child born amongst the stars would have powers beyond any yet recorded in our history. That child, whomever they may be, would be a force beyond reckoning with. I suppose they were at least half-right. None who have challenged me have yet to succeed, and woe betide all in the universe should anyone ever best me. For to do so would mean there is a power with more vastness than all of space itself. 

People failed to realize at first, the expanse (no pun intended) of my powers. Those insipid fools of so-called elemental might were the first to fall. Then the numerous Empowereds, in all their various forms..."super" strength and speed, indeed. After the fall of the Kinesis Order they finally began to take my power seriously...perhaps forming a black hole directly inside each of their minds was a bit tasteless on my part, but I did so enjoy the looks on their faces as their colleagues disappeared into nothingness, their pathetic attempts at stopping me all for naught.

It is only now that perhaps I see why travel to space to procreate was forbidden, and why my parents were so bent on keeping me hidden. Humanity has long believed that black holes are collapsed, dead stars that absorb matter, energy, even light itself into themselves, and that anything that goes into a black hole will never be seen again. All those planets, all that light and energy, supposedly time itself, gone forever. Not gone, merely...absorbed. Into space itself. Into me. The fires of countless stars, the weaving strands of time, and all knowledge and ability the universe has known, imbibed by these beautiful voids as one would drink a cup of water.

A black hole is pure chaos, taking in all and letting nothing escape. It is the fairest fate any should ever aspire to, the simplest and quickest end for everything in the universe, from the smallest child to the lights of ten million stars. And should you cross my path with ill intention, you too shall know the everlasting depth and darkness of space.
