"Don't ever let anyone make you feel like less, simply because you don't know as much immediately. Everything you ever know, will be all yours and only yours.  All you see in your life will be with your own two eyes, and not a second rate postcard as seen by someone else." My mother's words rang in my head for the millionth time in my twenty-six year life.  The first time I had heard them, an Alex had informed me that because I did not understand taxes at the age of five, that I was irredeemably stupid.   

Schools had long since vanished by the time I had been born.  There was no need for them.  Other things had been lost, most art was worthless now, everyone had seen it, and no one was creating anything new, because there was nothing new to see.  Sports had become boring and predictable, as all teammates on all teams usually had the same name, and thus knew everything about what everyone was doing. Another simplification of life, was that there were no longer job interviews.  Your name dictated what you knew, all you had to do was introduce yourself and you were either in or out.   Parents named their children according to the jobs and status they wished for their child, and thus those children were born with the wealth of knowledge needed to function instinctively in the world.  An example would be that most lawyers are named Lauren or David, while most EMT's and nurses are Keith or Rebecca. 

I on the other hand, had to have upstarts for parents, rebels, named Susan and Jim.  A pharmacy technician and factory worker respectively, they had always hated the system in which they were forced to live in.  So instead of allowing me to fit in, they forced me out, and gave me a completely unique name.  

Well, I wouldn't say completely unique, there have been others with my name, a simple Irish thing, but they have long since died out.  And since the name is so very uncommon, and had been for a while, people just kind of forgot it existed. 

So, knowing this I am sure you can imagine the struggles I faced.  I had learned to read and write on my own, I had learned math on my own, and had even gotten the equivalent of a college education, completely alone.  Sure, my parents had attempted to help me, but neither of them had ever taught or been taught anything, and had no real idea how to support the choice they had made.  

I collected books, old and new, on everything.  I wanted to learn as much as I could, so that it wouldn't matter that my name was lonely.  And I drew.  I drew everything my eyes landed on, so that I could have that memory in my own perspective forever.  I traveled as much as I could, all I really had was the van my parents had helped me buy, a cranky old cat by the name of Strudel, my growing backseat library, and my sketchbooks.  A job was out of the question, no one would hire an unrecognized name, not even as a gas station attendant.  Living within a community was also out of the question, not just because I lacked income, but because people didn't trust me. 

So I drove, and I drew, and I survived by doing odd jobs here and there for kind individuals.  They were almost always a Lucy, or a Tom.  Strudel stretched his massive fluffs across the dashboard, sunning himself as the engine purred down the highway.  Every so often I would stop and draw something, Strudel would stretch his legs and hiss at bugs, and then we would be on our way.  

It was a quiet life, and mostly lonely.  I had to remind myself every day that my name was a gift, and that I lived a life of curiosity and wonder.  Sometimes that helped, but most of the time it did little to ease the solitude.  

---

I sat by the edge of a small flowing river, a hundred yards from the side of the road.  My fishing line danced lazily in the moving water, flicking in an out of gem-like pockets of sunshine.  Strudel was off killing moles and eating dandelions.  And I of course was drawing,  I was drawing the stream and the trees, changing the world on paper to my liking, adding creatures and altering foliage and colors and light.  By the time I was half way through the image was unrecognizable as the stream before me, but I saw the vision I wanted very clearly, born from this moment of tranquility.  

I was so focused I didn't even hear them approach me.  Only when the man crouched down, and entered my field of vision did I shriek and attempt to scurry away, only to run into a slender pair of legs and a dropped picnic basket.

"What the fuck?! DUDE?!"  I clutched my chest with one hand and scrabbled for my sketchbook with the other.  Strudel had emerged from the grass, hissing and growling, but staying a good distance away from our guests.

The man's eyes were wide and looking past me, at the notepad in my hands.  I looked up at the woman, and she was staring too, tears bubbling in the corners of her green eyes. 

"What is with you two? Are you on drugs? Can I help you? HELLO?" I moved to stand, and my action seemed to snap them out of it, but as soon as the woman went to speak what I can only assume were their phones began ringing.  He answered his with a hushed tone, but there was shouting on the other end, not angry but excited, ecstatic even.  The woman ignored hers and grasped my arms in a vice grip.

"Do you have any more pictures.  Please. I have never seen anything like it."  Her voice was frantic, and I handed her my sketchbook.  It was new and maybe had four or five pictures in it, but every time she flipped a page her eyes would grow wide and fill with tears.  

Wordlessly she handed the book to the man, who was still on the phone, but this time fielding a different call.  He carefully turned the pages with the curiosity of a child.

These two were seriously weirding me out.  I had backed up towards my car at this point, and was holding a hissing Strudel by the nape of his neck.  By this time the man had hung up his phone and put it on silent, and was speaking animatedly to the woman, gesturing at my drawings. I was about to make a break for it when they both turned to me.

"How much for these pictures?"  His voice was unsteady and he reached for his wallet.  I was dumbfounded.

"Uh...what?"

"We don't know how you did it. A new perspective.  Please, how much?"  I still blinked stupidly as the man walked up to me and handed me two hundred dollars. 

Slowly it dawned on me. My unique name was indeed a gift, not just for me, but for everyone around me.  I could show them the whole world through new eyes.  And sure, when one drawing had been seen, it had been seen, but that didn't stop me from drawing it a new way or drawing completely new subject matter.   I had something that was all mine, and people wanted in on it. 


A smile crept onto my face, genuine happiness at my individuality for the first time in my whole life.  I had long since dropped Strudel, who had attempted to shred my arms, and I was clutching myself in a tight hug, the two hundred dollars forgotten in my fist.

"Excuse me."  The woman had managed to get in front of me without my knowledge, I really needed to work on that.

"Yes?"  She was uncomfortably close and I tried to lean way from her without being rude.

"I'm sorry, I just have to know.  What is your name?"  I thought about the question for a minute.  Telling people my name was never an issue before, who would want it right?  Another smile found its way to my face and I shook my head as I scooped up Strudel and moved to get into my car.  I started the engine and rolled down the window.  She looked confused, standing by the side of the road, holding those precious drawings.  

"It's a secret."   

---

Thanks for reading!
