The kid looked intently at his pets. They looked back at him. There was a tension in the air as if it's some sort of staring contest. The kid was only four.

"He's onto us." whispered the lizard to the cat without breaking eye contact with the kid.

"Would you shut up please." demanded the cat. "He's looking right at us."

"You think he's gonna do it." asked the lizard.

"Do what?"

"Tell his parents about the whole thing he just witnessed."

"Even if he did, nobody would believe a four years old talking about a lizard and a cat using the computer." explained the cat.

"I saw you." spoke the kid. Cold sweat ran down the lizard face.

"It wasn't the first time. So last night I was prepared." continued the kid. 

"What the fuck. He doesn't sound like a four years old any more." said the cat.

"What does he mean "prepared?"" whimpered the lizard.

The kid walks away from them to take a baby monitor that was hidden behind a clutter of books on his study desk.

"Oh shit. Ohshitohshitohshit." said the lizard.

"He's bluffing." assured the cat. "Baby monitors don't record videos. They just stream the feed. He's trying to coerce into confessing." said the cat.

"You speak now. Or I'll show this video to my parents. I swear I will upload it on youtube." threatened the kid.

"Oh man. That doesn't sound like bluffing." said the lizard. The cat stares at the kid for a good read on his face. "Yep, he's bluffing. Stand your ground." said the cat. "I say we just kill him and get out of the house." suggested the lizard. The cat broke eye contact for the first time and looked at the lizard, considering it or simply appalled by the suggestion. It forced the lizard to look at the cat too.

A dog out of nowhere jumped at the kid playfully and made the baby monitor fly out of his hand and out of the window.

"NO!" screamed the kid. He ran to the window to check what happened to it. "No,  Danny you idiot!" said the kid to his bulldog, before he paused and eyed him with suspicious as it put his tongue out all happy as if expecting a reward.

"Great, he's into me too now. Thanks idiots." said the dog. The cat and lizard walked away from each other.

"This has to be the lousiest group of agent I had to work with on earth ever. Jesus." said the budgie bird from his cage.


