*Part One: The Grand Entrance*
---
"By the Lord of the Deep you've summoned Michael." Pog whispered. His eyes were wide with terror. They gleamed yellow in the dark of the closet as he scooted towards Lard. His wart-ridden claws gripped Lard's shoulder so tightly that Lard bled. "You've summoned the bloody Archangel himself!"

"I didn't know the human magic worked." Lard muttered. His pig snout nose faced the closet floor. "Devil be damned how do we get out of this? Jerard got fried just by glancing at that *thing's* eyes. He's a dusty pile of ashes."

And then Michael took his first step in Hell. The entire room shook violently. The glorious angel's step rumbled like thunder. "By Beelzebub he's coming to us!" Pog cried out. The pair had fled from Michael by running up the stairs. They locked the bedroom door and threw themselves into the closet. But they felt a burning at the nape of their neck. *He* had seen where they'd gone. *He* was looking at them right now. Every step crushed the rotten wood floorboards of Pog's house. The pair shivered. It would only be moments before they were found and slaughtered.

Suddenly a crash. It wasn't a deadly sounding noise like the angel's steps. It was a mundane sound. The stairs! They had broken under the weight of the heavenly being. The demons breathed a sigh of relief. Pog told Lard a plan. They would creep out with this given time, and jump out the window. They would run to the White Palace and tell Satan what had happened. And then the Dread Father would take care of things. Easy.

Lard patted Pog on the back. It was a brilliant plan. Wait! What was that sizzling noise? A flash! Like a blaring siren but only there momentarily. A beam of light dashed through Pog's head and left a clean hole through his demonic brain. The former demon crumbled into ash. Lard screamed and shrieked as the entire house began to fall. Lard scrambled out of the closet and bashed his head against an armoured chest. Lard yelled as he looked up at the face of Michael. The yell echoed throughout Hell even though its owner was swiftly slain. And every demon perked its head up and quailed at the sound.

Michael grimaced as he wiped away the green blood from his armour. "Goddamned demons. Up with their tricks again." he said. Michael stretched. He raised his arms up and twisted his waist. "Better get to work, then. I'm not getting back without a bit of a fight." Wings made of etched glass grew from his back. They began like little bulbs, nothing more. But in a matter of seconds grew to a span of fourty meters. Michael summoned a banner with scales imprinted on it. "Thank goodness the cherubs customised this thing to shoot spurts of fire. Blinking useful, it is." He said as he tightened his grip on his sword.

He flew up in a flurried dash. He looked around and found his destination: the White Palace. Michael soared across the crimson sky. Black lightning crackled in his wake.

*Part Two: A Stroll Through Hell*
---
There are only a few good beings that can get into Hell. This is because Hell is very small. Oh, it can easily accomodate an infinite number of souls. But that's because souls in Hell are practically infinitely small! And that is because those souls are quite bad. So it goes that the normal angel finds it difficult to fit into Hell; like pajamas that are too tight and uncomfortable. Except these pajamas are searing hot and malevolent. There is a quirk in the rules though. And that is that the goodest - and therefore the biggest - among us can also become the smallest among us. Just like how it is only the kindest man that can empathise with the worst man. 

It is by this unfortunate quirk that Michael found himself stuck in Hell. Normally you would take the bus if you wanted to leave Hell. But that was a perk only granted to demons on Refrigerium. Michael was neither a demon nor on Refrigerium, so he had to take the hard way out: a chat with the Devil himself.

Michael criss-crossed the Great Abyss in the blink of an eye. His shimmering wings seared the eyes of any demon that dared look up at the intruder. Michael's features were cold, though. Confident that he wouldn't be attacked, Michael brought his thoughts inwards and thought about his situation. It seemed that a game had brought him into Hell. But this was naturally impossible. Magic didn't exist. There was no bridging power that could subdue the norm. Michael did not know of any way that a common demon could summon an angel to Hell. And that meant he was not summoned by these demons.

With speed unimpaired, Michael blasted through the sickly clouds and made double-time to reach the White Palace. There was treachery afoot!
