Edit: This turned out to be a hell of a lot longer than i thought it would be, thanks to anyone who actually reads the whole thing through. 

It always made me a little sad how easy it is to get them. I suppose it makes sense, when you think about it. We're soulmates and after as long as i've been alive i just see them and i know. She wasn't what i'd come to expect, for so long i'd been drawn to a bit of an oddball and in this respect the girl on the dance floor appeared to fit right in. 

Normally though, i'd end up matching with the kind of girl who doesn't normally do "hookups". The one who's just wating to have wild, crazy, mindless sex with the right person who's going to wake up the next morning and say "wow, me too!" more or less. This one, though? Well it just confirmed what i'd been thinking, really. All this killing and living has changed me. I used to feel guilty, i even cried and mourned some of the time and i did great philanthropic works, funded charities, fed the homeless. It was penance, but this time around i hadn't done that. The last soulmate was a pretty brunette with a polka dotted dress that she'd made herself, the handiwork was actually quite good and i didn't even bother to get it off of her this time. We made it home and i did the deed quickly. In a land of immortally moping singles it's no surprise that the cops don't spend a great deal of time investigating disappearances.... Hell, every other week someone meets their soulmate and runs away to grow old and die. 

Back to the present, though. This girl? She had long blond hair, a red and black checkered miniskirt, a white buttoned up shirt with more than a couple buttons undone to show off her cleavage and an ass that seemed to have no intention of quitting. She too seemed to have no intention of quitting and for the first time since the first time i was nervous. 

The first time.... She was in an elegant dress, supposed to be engaged to her fathers buisness partner because that's how we avoided death back in the day, political weddings. We eloped, though. It lasted all of a week, before we as scared teenagers confessed to one another we both didn't want to die, we were afraid and confused and horrified of a world that told us we had forever shoving a deadline in our face all of a sudden. She tried to end herself, to jump from a cliff to save me because in her mind that was true love and she couldn't stomach an eternity without love. I tried to save her; i'm not sure if my hand slipped or i simply let her go. 

I took a deep breath and stowed my past. I could be here forever if i allowed it. I walked calmly to the bar, ordered a shot of vodka, downed it, had another, and then approached her on the dance floor. We locked eyes and  it was obvious. Here i was worrying, i'd met soulmates in brothels before, it doesn't matter who or where... you just know. After a moment of intense and anything but awkward silence i approached her and whispered in her ear "wanna get out of here?" She smiled slyly and whispered back "thought you'd never ask."  I confidently lead the way to my car, checking back only to make sure she was following. She quickly caught up and looped her arms around mine. I was rather going to miss this girl already, she seemed confident, charming, she was clearly beautiful and when she caught my gaze wandering past her cleavage she folded her hands together at her waste in a praying pose and  whispered "get a good enough look" before winking. 

I even went first through the door to my apartment. Eager to show off the view and treat her to a special night before i had to be done. I heard her heels clacking on the tile floor and turned just in time to see her take them off.  She moved like a runway model and came up behind me, encircling my waste with her arms. "Nice view" she always seemed to speak with a smile on her voice. "I'm rather partial to it myself" she chuckled and then i asked "Were you ever a model? You walk like a model." She chuckled again before responding "In another life, maybe." I hummed silently to myself thinking over her response when i heard her whisper in my ear "shame too, sweetheart. You're cute." 

then i felt something cold and sturdy slide between my ribs. "Tell me, how long have you been killing soulmates?" it was all i could do to gasp and exhale in shock "aw..." she still had that same warm smile in her voice "sweatheart, don't feel bad, i've been doing this a lot longer than you" she seemed genuinely interested in reassuring me "i was as surprised as you when i started matching up with other killers... tuns out, that happens after the first century." she chuckled to herself and strode fluidly around in front of me, she lifted up her white button up shirt to reveal a patchwork of ugly scars on her stomach "You're wondering why you can't move, hmm?" she turned towards the window, soaking in the breathtaking view of the city at night as I managed to croak "yes!" She laughed again, full of music and love. Ironically, though she was in the process of murdering me i found her rather difficult to hate. I wondered in passing if this was how my victims, or hers had felt "It's a poison on the blade i used, it'll cause paralysis, muscle spasms, seizures, and incredible agony." I managed a single noise somewhere between a laugh and a bark in response. 

"Tell you what sweatheart, because you've been such a gentlman i'll make it quick if you tell me why?" After a few wheezing breaths i managed "Quid, pro, quo." and then slumped over on the the couch. She laughed once again, obviously surprised at my tenacity. "Well" she began "at this point it's really just a reflex, same as you i suppose" I began to wave dismissively and fell into a coughing fit "Ooh. You mean the start..." she approached the couch and sat beside me with that same feline grace "To tell you the truth, the poor man went and killed himself so i could keep on living. Said he wasn't worthy of me and boy if that doesn't give you a complex" she smiled warmly and gazed down at me as i coughed and writhed in agony beside her. I began to recover for a moment and we just sat there looking at eachother, me dying, wearing a crazy lopsided little smile and her with her shirt off, looking at me with all the strangeness of murdering something you love with no hard feelings. "comes in waves" she quipped. "You'll feel better for a minute, then worse." 

I let my hand hang off and brush against the floor as she sat beside me and rested her head against my rib cage. "In another life...." she trailed off. I tried to laugh but ended up coughing "If we only deserved it, huh?" Of all the soulmates i'd had, it seemed ironic that she'd understand me the most. I wasn't sure if she was pretending for my sake or not, but i was dying anyway so i had nothing to loose. I pulled my gun from under the couch and moved as quickly as i could to fire three rounds into her stomach. It was over in an instant, she saw the gun and tried to stand but i'd already brought the muzzle against her soft, pale stomach and fired. There was an instant of silence after the first shot, where we both didn't quite believe what had happened. At that point she'd already made her way off of the couch and she stood in abject shock. Then two more shots. 

She staggered back and fell into a nearby armchair with a look of incredulity on her face. "shouldn't've let my guard down, huh?" she somehow still carried the same warmth in her voice, but ended up coughing up blood when she tried to laugh. I smiled back at her and responded "me either." 

"By the way, i never caught your name." It was so absurd to be asking, but as we both appeared to be dying it was all i could think of "Vanessa" she replied, "Yours?" I smiled "Mike." 

Then as if we'd been struck by a lightning rod i started to convulse and she started wheezing and coughing up blood. She was right, it was agony. In my final moments i wondered if it was strange to take comfort in her being with me.