He didn’t quite know how to talk to her. For generations they’d stayed at arms length - defiant, sometimes angry - from each other. He had enjoyed the little games they played, had taken such pleasure in the chase. But this time… the game didn’t feel as fun.  There was a feeling in his chest that he’d never felt before. An emptiness where before there had been childish glee. Was it really ending? Millions of years, billions of souls come and gone, and now there would be no more. It frightened him, but he couldn’t yet put a finger on what ‘it’ was. 

He needed to find her first. To finally put to rest what had kept them apart for so long. The need rose like bile up his throat, his eyes widening at the feeling. What was happening to him? He had drifted through time thus far, carefully crafting destinies for everyone he met, with a sad sort of peace about him. Now the emotions building in his chest were threatening to undo his whole being. He wondered if this was what it felt like for her. Confused, worried. What did he ever have to worry about before?

He found her eventually. She was weak and waiting, appearing resigned to her fate. As he stepped into her field of vision, she turned her eyes towards him with a quivering smile. There was a quiet defiance in her expression, despite the inevitable end she knew was approaching. She’d always been the flame to his moth - everything she touched, he couldn’t resist. He needed to know her,  her emotions, her soul. The knot in his chest throbbed. He could barely breathe. All he wanted was to touch her.

Before her was the smallest weed, growing up from a crack in the concrete floor of an abandoned building. He took a long look at it, then turned his gaze to his surroundings. Crumbling tile, broken glass. A stink wafting in from a dying land. He wasn’t sure where he was anymore - they could be anywhere on earth; it all looked the same. He took two steps towards her and watched the fire in her eyes flare up. So she was angry with him… He’d tried to give her as much time as he could. All she had to do was keep up.

Reaching out for her, he finally realized why he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. This should have been his crowning moment, his highest achievement. Instead, he found himself holding the poisoned chalice. They were both going to lose.

Because what was life without death? And how could death exist without life.