"Hey gang, how is it going today?" said Richard. The rest of the boys snickered, while Vincent nodded to him sadly. It appeared that the clueless boy was only there to escape the cruelty of his parents, who regularly abused him. Vincent had tried to ask one time, "Why do you always hang around us so much? Don't you realize... we're... bad? Where are your parents?" The 15 year old only looked at him sadly and said, "My parents are no better than you guys. Y'all aren't that bad, not as bad as my parents. I can't sleep at night, listening to my mother scream and the sharp breaking of glass bottles on the living room floor. When I sleep, I dream of my father smacking my mother and the silent cries of my sister, hands clamped over her ears, trying to shut the noise out." Vincent had flinched, thinking of the hard times he had been through which influenced to make the ultimate decision.  
One night, the whole gang was woken by a horrible sound of a man screaming and a kid crying. They silently crawled outside, guns at their hands, eyes narrowing as they slowly peeked outside at the commotion. It was Richard, and a man holding bottles of beer, one with the top cracked open to reveal the sharp glass edges of the beer bottle. Richard was holding what appeared to be a butterfly knife, the one that Harry gave him as a "welcome gift" for him "joining the gang". No one intended to tell him it was a trainer blade, and it had belong to another gang member who was killed while in a gang fight 5 years ago. The moonlight glinted off the cold metal blade of the knife, which the boy was holding tightly in his hand. The crying was his sister, who was behind him, gripping his legs tightly. "You better come back to this house this instant, you little shit. Just wait until your mother comes home. You two are gonna have it." his father slurred out. Richard's sister screamed again, and Richard slowly backed towards the abandoned garage.  
"Fuck! FUCK! We should've never let that son of a bitch into our gang! Which fucking idiot decided to let him in? Were gonna get fuckin discovered by the damn cops!" Frank whispered urgently.  
"Now's not the time to be arguing, we have to get the fuck out!" Nate said, already stashing the bags of money and the meth equipment in the back of the black van.  
Vincent gritted his teeth, and stormed downstairs and opened the door, yelling "COME ON KID, COME WITH US!"  
Richard turned around and stared at him with wide eyes, and then started for the door. His sister's tight grip made him trip, and his father charged forward.  
"God damn it, no time, NO TIME!" Vincent said as he charged forward and grabbed Richard's hand and pulled him towards the door, firing a shot at the father. The glass bottle in his hand shattered as the bullet penetrated straight through the glass. The father roared and threw the bottle at Richard, and the dank, bitter smell of alcohol washed over his back.   
Vincent and Richard managed to get to the door, and as Vincent started to slam the door shut, Richard cried "MY SISTER! SHES WITH THAT MADMAN!" and rushed out to grab his sister, Vincent stumbling feebly behind him. He was too late. The father grabbed the sister in his arms and carried her as someone would carry a few large boards from home depot. Richard grabbed his sister's legs from behind and pulled, and much to his dismay, her slippers came off. His father turned around and clocked him around his face with the sharp broken beer bottle, leaving parallel cuts across his entire face, and slugged him on top of the head by pounding the narrow tube of the beer bottle again and again.  
"GRAB ON VINCENT! WE CAN'T SAVE HIM NOW!!!" Frank screamed, offering his hand in the direction of Vincent as Harry drives towards him, but Vincent only regarded him coldly and said: "Is this how you're going to abandon a gang member? We're all brothers here, Richard included." and ran towards the father. Harry got out of the driver seat and ran with him.  
The father managed to wrestle the knife out of Richard's grasp, and tried to stab Richard with it. The dull blade managed to slice through the thin fabric of his pajamas, resulting in a dark stain of blood spreading from the site. He grabbed Richard too, and stumbled towards his car, almost falling. Harry raised his gun, but seeing his own shaky aim, decided against shooting it for fear of hurting the children. They were too late; the father got in the car and started to drive away.   
Just then, there was a skidding noise and the smell of burning rubber, as the van, as dark and as silent as the night, drove full speed in front of the car. The sharp screech of brakes pierced the night air, as the car suddenly stopped, an inch away from driving into the van. The father got out, sneering "Who the fuck are you fuckers? You fucking pedos who want to molest my fuckin son and daughter?"  
"Oh, we're much, much worse than that," a shadow said, appearing behind the father. It was Nate. "We're his... friends..."  
There was a sharp scream of pain as Nate plunged the knife deep down the back of the father, and there was a silence that followed, only interrupted by the almost silent sound of the gang's van's engine's steady hum, slinking away into the shadows.