How could this be? I didn't even have magic, how could I be too dangerous to be taught? It was just a joke when I applied to school. And now... this letter. What could it mean? 

My pondering was cut short by a blinding flash of light in my room. An old man appeared, with a long white beard and midnight blue robes covered in shimmering silver stars and moons that moved. He carried a large staff, taller than him, with a bright blue orb on top. There were the same stars and moons carved into the staff as well. 

"I see we have a lot of talking to do. I was afraid I'd never find you again." The man spoke, frightening me as he did so. There was so much power in his voice showing through. "I suppose we should start at the beginning."

"What do you mean the beginning? Who are you? What are you doing in my room?"

"My name is Merlin. I believe your parents tried their best to have you never hear my name before. Many call me the most powerful wizard who ever was or ever will be... but that's not true. You see, there is only one person who could ever be more powerful than me. My own daughter." He spoke. 

"Why are you telling me this? You still haven't told me why you're in my room. Why are you telling me about your daughter?" I was uncomfortable. Why would such a powerful wizard appear in my room? This anx the letter just aren't making any sense. 

"My daughter was stolen from me a long time ago and hidden so I would never find her. People were worried that she would become too powerful and could be corrupted by that power. I'm afraid to tell you, but you were adopted. Or more so stolen."

"You don't mean to tell me..."

"Yes, Asteria, you are my long lost daughter. I kept contacts at all of the wizarding schools and one of my people told me you applied there. They were right. Only one person is capable of teaching you to use your powers for good, and that's me. Your father."

My head was spinning. How could this be? Me, the powerless being, all of a sudden destined to be the most powerful sorcerer ever, more powerful than even this supposed master, who is also my father? The spinning got to be too much, and the world went black.