Dartman was pretty suave for a guy who was 900 years old. He looked a 40. The last twenty coin tosses were successful. Wait. Successful would be an understatement. The guy had 20 different lives to try out all forms of trials and errors. Hell, no one has that much of a leeway. 

The last life had been very tiring on him. He decided to migrate from Germany to the US after the war. Luck, fortunately favored him, as he reset his biological timer once again. He wished he could've taken his status along with him when he reset lives. "Ah. I must'nt be this greedy. I can't risk being identified", he thought wistfully.

The only vestiges of his immediate previous life were his moustache and a felt hat. He had forgotten to shave after the whole bunker debacle happened. He couldn't venture out for the fear of his life. He stayed completely off the grid for a long while and faked his death to make people think he'd actually died. After all, he used to be Mandrake's best friend once upon a time.

 When the furore about the führer calmed down, he decided to take a chance and toss a coin. He won. Again. Lady Luck was either treating him like a favorite grandson, or was setting him up for a spectacular fall. He decided to play optimistic and believe that the Lady had good intentions after all.

 He had reset to a 20 year old. Someone full of life. Someone full of opportunity. He had to go to a place of opportunity too. He decided to pay a visit to the country responsible for his assumed incognito. He wanted to go to the US. He boarded a refugee ship en route to the Atlantic coast. His transformation would be complete in a month. No one will ever remember him or the things he did in his last life. Atleast no one alive.

--

 "Stupid fella. Keeping his most identifiable feature, right on the face and thinking that he had reset his life", mused Death. "Perhaps I should sink the ship. Perhaps I should cause him to be washed aboard. Perhaps I'll wait for a better opportunity." A fitting farewell to the man who aided her, one who provided so much to the Asphodel fields.

That delay in action would be her great undoing. She'd let slip the guy. Again. She didn't realise that it would be a long time till she got another chance to rid the world and herself a problem. He had been growing increasingly difficult to deal with in his successive lives.

--

"When I'm about to die, I'll take the world along", he said, as he concluded his performance, to raucous applause. Ironically, he was portraying himself, in his previous life. The makers of the drama considered him to be the perfect mold to recreate that person. He chuckled to himself, thinking how fitting it turned out to be.

He'd been hunted by Death several times over the years. He knew how exactly to get out of his predicament. Immortality came with its quirks and perks. 

He looked to his left, and winked at the hooded figure, as it turned away, seething and fuming about the audacity the guy had.

Time had come for drastic measures, the hooded figure took out her mobile phone. "Dad, we have an emergency. Your help would be most appreciated now", she said, knowing fully well that her dad would initiate 'help' by smirking at her failure. 

As predicted, there was a guffaw and a snort. The line got cut. Beep. Beep. Beep. A gargantuan figure appeared out of a fissure in the earth underneath, which vanished as daughter and father walked away from the spot. 

"Argh, Humans and their wiry contraptions. This is the main reason our realm has wireless services", he snarled, trying to get his horns out of the tangle that formed when they came in contact with the telephone cables. 

"They'll get what's coming. They will", he smiled, as the last wire was untangled.  Reports of a huge tidal wave crashing into the whole of Pacific coast reached their ears. Their work had begun. 

"Ah, sweet memories!", chorused the father and the child, together reminiscing the last time they'd worked in tandem.