“Good Morning Janet.” I said in my best husband voice. I stood over her and she lay in our bed. She would be up for hours but she always woke up when I was leaving in order to say goodbye.

I leaned over to kiss my wife and steeled myself as we locked lips. She tried to hold me close longer but I pulled away. I’m sure it was awkward and I hoped that she ignored it in her sleepy state. Considering I’d been keeping myself away from her sexually for about two months I figured she just tacked it onto the list of times I’d left her wanting recently. It was always weird being inside of a guy’s body since I was naturally a twenty-seven year old woman.

I pushed that to the back of my mind and kept moving. I picked my suitcase up from the floor near the bedroom door and walked to the kitchen. I grabbed an apple from the basket on the counter and walked through the kitchen into the living room.

We had a nice flat. This time the guy I’d jumped into was pretty well off. Actually pretty well off was an understatement. He was very well off. I’d been here two months and still kept discovering new facets of his life. 

It was always difficult to fall into someone else’s life the way I did. But I’d gotten decent at it over the years. Every year on my birthday it happened. I could time it down to the minute. At 12:07 eastern standard time on my birthday I would “jump” into the body of someone else in the world. I would mentally abandon my body and essentially possess another. 
I don’t know why and I don’t know how. All I know is that it’s been happening every year since I turned fifteen. It took me a long time to put together the rules. There’s always rules. In my case the rule was, “You’re stuck here until you figure out what this person is best at.” And it’s not best as in just their best attribute. But best as in, they are the best in the world at this talent. Once I figure it out *poof* I’m back in my own body.

Sometimes it’s really easy. Most people who are the best in the world at something are practicing that talent regularly. The world’s best magician, best card player, best pianist (I wish I could’ve stayed there a little longer.) But sometimes it’s difficult. Some people are innately talented in a way that they haven’t become aware of themselves yet.
 
I remember a couple years ago there was a seemingly average guy with no discernable talent. I was in there for a couple weeks and was getting pretty frustrated. It wasn’t until he was walking through a grocery store and a baby in a shopping cart stood up, that fate played her hand in his life. I wasn’t even looking at the kid really. He was just sort of hanging out in the peripheral vision of my right eye while I blankly decided if I wanted to make pasta with white sauce or red sauce when it happened. 

I was pulled by instinct. It was a force so strong that I didn’t even realize what I was doing until I’d already thrown my hand out. The child had just started to fall out of the cart when I got my hand under her and saved her a hefty fall. As that exact moment one of the sauces I was looking at began to tumble off the shelf (I’m pretty sure one of my feet kicked it when I stuck my leg out to offset my balance) and I lurched again. In some crazy maneuver that looked like I was playing three dimensional Twister I’d somehow righted myself into a standing position. In one hand I was holding a jar of red sauce, in the other I held the baby upright in her buggy. 

In that moment I thought to myself, “I have the best reflexes in the world!” Not even in a way to state I’d solved my yearly riddle. I was just really pumped and proud of myself. But it was the case and I was sent back into my body.

I figured those would always be the most difficult to solve. The people who have a talent that others wouldn’t really consider a talent. But it is something that they are the BEST at. I could’ve been stuck in that guy’s body forever had I not gone to the grocery store that day. Since then I try to be more outgoing if I don’t pick up their talent in the first couple days. Hoping to spark their unknown gift.

The married man I occupied this year was impossible though! He was a wealthy philanthropist who enjoyed everything he did. Or at least I enjoyed everything I did as him. His name was Jason Smith. Pretty generic name but a very well rounded individual once you looked at his resume.

I dug up some history on my body bag, as I always did to try to speed up the process, and found dozens of accolades. Cross country runner in high school. President of several college clubs. Straight A graduate from Yale. He majored in BioChemistry and minored in Cognitive science. But that turned out just to be because he wanted something that sounded cool that he also happened to be good at. He’d grown up fairly wealthy already and used his families pull to get onto a research group that made great headway on a treatment for some disease I’d never heard of that was apparently killing thousands of people every year.

Once he was done there he took to travelling the world. He became fluent in Japanese, Russian, German and Icelandic (because it was tough and he wanted to see if he could.) He was a prolific chef in French cuisine. He’d even written a book of simplified French dishes that brought him a decent royalties check every quarter.

Everywhere I looked I tried to find it but I discovered a terrifying fact. He was just very good at everything he did. The issue with this is that he never stuck to one thing long enough to perfect and hone his skill. He would stick with one thing for some time and once he became proficient in it, he abandoned it to conquer something else. He had success ADHD. 

So I started to delve deeper into his life. Instead of looking at his known accomplishments maybe he had a darker side. Something unknown to the public that he practiced when nobody was watching. I tried a lot of random things. I visited gun ranges, underground poker tournaments, I even went to a butchery because you never know. After two months I was trying even the most mundane activities. It was easy to setup a schedule of things to do with the level of wealth I had. Today’s schedule was dog walking, card throwing and fencing. Later I was due to have a drinking contest at a local pub with the town’s “best drinker” because why the hell not? Maybe I have the world’s best liver in me.

After ten minutes with the dogs I knew it wasn’t working and I called it quits. I cancelled my other meetings because I was feeling depressed. I’d reached the point where I’d started to think abstractedly. I ended up in an office space that Jason rented about 45 minutes from his house. I wasn’t really sure what he used it for. I think it was just for a getaway. Maybe I’m the best at trying new things? Maybe I’m the best at being good at lots of stuff? Maybe I’m the best at not being the best at anything? 

That train of thought is one I’ve travelled down before and I try to stay off it if I can because that way leads madness. But in moments of desperation one finds small comforts in weird areas. So I lived in this world of theories. Forcing myself to make direct mental statements (and when I was alone verbal statements) of what I might be best at. 

A sudden vibration shook me from my haze. I always forgot that Jason’s phone vibrated with the rhythmic imitation of a heartbeat. Two months I’d been here and I hadn’t changed it. I’m not sure why. Either way that was enough to pull me from my spiraling thought process. The caller ID said it was Jason’s wife.

“Hello?” I said. I should’ve been more familiar with her and said “Hey honey.” Or “Hey beautiful.” But I couldn’t bring myself to force the façade. 

“Hey.” She said. “Are you okay?” The tone in her voice expressed real concern. 
“Yeah. I’m fine.” I lied. “I’ve just been so caught up in thought lately. I’m sorry I’ve been distant.”
“It’s okay. I understand.” Her voice was just above a whisper. It sounded as though she’d been crying.

I thought back to the other morning when I left her in bed. Had I been home since? I couldn’t remember. I’d been so focused on getting to my real home that I’d forgotten to tend to Jason’s life too. It did feel obligatory to maintain a sense of consistency in the guy’s life. 

She was quiet. She didn’t say anything for an uncomfortable amount of time. So I asked her in return, “Are you okay sweetheart?” I heard a whimper on the other end. “You sound like you’ve been crying. I really am sorry that I’ve been out so much lately.” I felt the need to keep apologizing even if it was just the same statement with different words. But I tried to keep a proper progression of conversation. “Where are you right now? Are you at home? We should have dinner together, unless you’ve already eaten.”

A big sigh interrupted me from the other end of the phone. “I haven’t eaten.”
She was silent again. But I considered this progress. “Are you hungry for anything specific?”

“No.” Everyone knows this common routine. Personally I tend to cut the head of the monster and just pick a place. But in this moment I was just glad to keep her talking. 
I pushed a little more. “Would you like to eat at home or go out somewhere?”
“Let’s go out.” She sounded a little less timid. 

I was grateful that she was going through the motions. It meant progress. “How about we try that new Italian place downtown?” I suggested. 

I could almost hear her nod in agreement when she said, “Okay.”
