The facility smelled of old paint and of sweaty teenager. As Eugine put on his body armor and picked up his paintball gun he had a rather realistic flashback: He had been back in the war zone of Japan. As he looks around you know you see your in the middle of a battle, and he sees the enemy, a group of Japanese fighters, and as he aims at one, his comrade leaps on top of him and guards him from an enemy sniper. 

As the shot goes off Eugine is brought back to reality and he realizes that only about 30 seconds has gone by, The dog tag he wears around his neck seems warm, and his grand kids, Bob and Joey are waiting for him. As he enters the battle zone, he can see the Asian family on the other side. They're very similar in that its just an old geezer and his two grandkids.

The shoot off begins, Eugine goes to the middle of the arena, copying his opponent of similar age. As he attempts advance, so does Eugine, and as he aims at his opponent It hits him like a semi truck. The man he was aiming at had been the same Japanese soldier he had almost killed in battle. Eugine drops his weapon and slowly approaches his opponent.

As he reaches his opponent, who has dropped his weapon in confusion, he just reaches his hand out, and shakes the mans hand. His name is Miyata Harumi. Once Eugine had explained, Miyata was left speechless, all he could do was give a bow. After that paintball battle, they got dinner, Eugine and Miyata, and they spoke of their hardships, of the good that had happened since, and that fateful day. How, if Eugine had merely pulled his trigger, so many lived would have inadvertently been effected. In the end, they were both happy to be alive, and they we happy to have a newfound friend.


Hi guys, its josh here, this is my first ever post on reddit. I am an 18 YO college student at university of central FL and and im just now getting into creative writing. I've been lurking this subreddit for about a month, I have found a newfound love for writing and i plan to minor in it, hell i might even make it my major. I would really appreciate any criticism for my writing here, i want to get better at writing. 

Thanks in advance
 -Josh