"Why aren't you stopping that bank robbery down there?" Captain Sparks asks me. He looks like he wants to yell at me.

"Oh, hullo Sparky." I stop using my powers and people on the street below stop sliping over on random patches of concrete."What brings you here?"

"You know full well what brings me here Kyle. Stop messing with people and help us help THEM!"

"And why, pray tell, would I want to do that? I mean, you're here berating me, instead of stopping it yourself. Or is the Scarlet Avenger down there doing it for you because she got there first? No? Then let me guess. You're here to ask, nay plead, me to use my powers for the 'greater good', while trying to appeal to my human nature by using my name. Right? How'd yo-"

"Why won't you use your powers for good?"

"Becaus Sparky, I dun wanna."

"TELL ME THE TRUTH KYLE."

"Fine Frank. I'll tell you the truth. Oh don't act all surprised, of course I know your real name. I also know Scarlett's name, along with the rest of your precious Heros Collaborative. Same goes for the D.O.O.M. Patrol and Quake'r. 
So what if I stop that bank robbery, what happens then? I sit around waiting for the next crime? I'm glad you guys can do that, but I can't. So what do I do? Do I try and stop crime all together?"

"Yes, stop it. All of it."

"And if I do that, how do I go about it? Do I become a dictator and rule the world with an iron fist? An option you're against I take it.
Or do I just remove the ability for humans to hurt each other. Remove the part of humans that make them human. Make everyone live in a utopia? What happens then? Watch as civilisation becomes stagnant and nothing changes ever again?
I can't do that Frank. The memories hurt too much." My last sentance is barely a whisper. I don't think he heard it.

"So you truely belive it the Kaos. That everything is just one side of a coin."

"Yes I do Sparks. Yes I do. Now please, don't ask me, or get any member of the H.C. to ask me, about this again. Just remember this. 'To know the light, you must experience the dark.'
And if you'll exqueze me, I'm gonna go jump the queue for that new Sentinels of Space movie. Should be a good'un. Adios Sparky."

"See you, Kaos."