Laura held the mug in her hand and stared up and in front of her. The first shelf of the cabinet was full of plates and bowls. The second shelf was for glasses, and there may have been a little space. She packed the glasses more closely, eliminating empty space between glasses, effectively transferring it all to one spot. She tried to place her new mug, even pushed, and was rewarded with the sound of ceramic on glass, and glass on glass objects rubbing against each other. She shuddered, felt a rise of annoyance, but quickly calmed herself and sighed. She'd had years of practice of shutting down negative emotions that would lead to a wish that her problem would just magically disappear.

No worries, there would be somewhere else. She opened up the next cabinet over, but it was full of tupperware and baking dishes. She opened the cabinet under the sink, where the pots and pans were. It could go here. Alone. A solo mug among pots and pans. That was too ridiculous though. You couldn't stick one mug with all the pots and pans. Or could you? No one had to know. She imagined her mother coming over and opening the cabinet, seeing the single mug, and staring at her with a look of....she realized that this was not the right solution. 

She went back over to the cabinet and looked at the top shelf. It was completely empty, but always just a bit out of reach, even though she was a little taller than average. The answer really was pretty simple. She put a knee up on the counter, grabbed the 2nd shelf of the cabinet and awkwardly pulled herself up. She reached up with her other hand to place the mug and was accosted with a vision of herself falling, which she shrugged off, but was quickly followed up with the question of how she was going to get the mug back down when she wanted it, this really wasn't the best solution. She realized she was getting worked up again, and lost her concentration enough that her hand that was stabilizing her by gripping the shelf lost its hold. She lurched her body forward to correct, but then her knee slipped and gravity did the rest. 

The floor was cold, her jaw hurt, her arm had a scrape that was bleeding slightly, and one of the larger remains of the shattered mug lay next to her head. Half of the cartoon whale's face that had been painted on the mug stared at her from the shattered remnants seemed to stare at her asking, "Why, why didn't you save me?"

A man knelt down next to her. 

"I was on a date," he said in a remarkably flat manner. 

Her head was ringing, and had a doctor asked she'd have told him 7 on a 10 point scale for pain, though it was already fading.

"It hurts," she said in an attempt to explain her situation.

"You're alright, I saw the whole thing, you know I get the whole update when I get transported."

He stood up suddenly, looked in the corner, rolled his eyes, and then walked over to the closet and opened it.

"You moved your broom." He walked back over to her broom in hand. "Come on, sit up." 

She didn't. He put his hand on her shoulder, "You're alright, you didn't hit your chin that hard on the way down. You sort of slid off. It was pretty comical to be honest." 

"You didn't use to be such a dick," she muttered as she sat up. 

"Come on," he said as he grabbed her hand and gently, but firmly helped her to her feet. He led her around the island to the couch and sat her back down, and then went back to the kitchen without a word. Her jaw was at a 6 now, and the ringing had mostly stopped. She heard sweeping in the kitchen. 

Five minutes later he wandered back in with neosporin. He uncapped it. 

"No, I can do that," she said. 

He opened his mouth and closed it again, looked annoyed, and handed her the tube. He sat for a second, as she started to apply the neosporin to her scrape, and he got up again, and came back with a glass of water and some advil a few minutes later. 

She swallowed the advil, took a sip, and said, "I'm sorry about your date."

"I wasn't that interested," he said, "it was really just something to do on a Saturday night. She kept trying to weedle out of me how much I make. 'what do you do, where did you go to school, where do you live down to the neighborhood' those sorts of questions."

"She's just trying to get to know you," Laura said.

"That's a very plausible explanation. One thing I can say for sure is that I was bored," he reached into his pocket and pulled out two pieces of the mug and putting them together. "I like him," he said pointing to the reformed whale.

"Oh yes! He's so cute!"

"Favorite mug?"

"I just got him today, I didn't even get to use it." 

"You've always liked whales." He pulled out his phone, "I went whale watching with my parents a couple of months ago." He handed her the phone.

"Oh a minke!"

"Is it? I wasn't really paying attention to the tour guide."

"You can't tell? The dorsal fin, the coloring, the..."

"It's a whale." Laura glared at him. "Not that I have anything against whales, I just don't run into them that much."

They sat in silence for a few moments. "Why am I still here?"

