His steps echoed. They shouldn't have, but they did nonetheless. As if he were walking down a great, marble hall. But this was no hall. It was Heaven.

The rolling mist surrounded him, undulating and writhing like a mindful beast. It washed over the featureless ground with abandon and snaked its tendrils into the depths of the never ending light that surrounded it.

As he walked, he had no perception of distance or time. He was simply moving in a direction. Maybe in a circle. But he could feel that he was nearing something.

The mists parted before him, and he could see a pair of towering gates stretching up into the white abyss, seemingly without an end. At their base, he was surprised to see what looked like a black vine had taken root and was snaking its way up the gates. Its leaves trembled and shook as if under the spell of some unfelt wind.

As soon as he came near to the gates, a great metallic noise rang out as if an organ pipe had been struck with a mallet. It made his head swim with the melodic vibrations. There were dissonant undertones, certain frequencies of the sound that were somehow off. The noise gave way to a laborious groaning, originating from the house-sized hinges as the gates swung slowly wide to admit entrance to the newcomer.

And so he walked some more.

It felt like days before he finally came to a mountain. It was soft, not jagged like the mountains of earth. It was white and rounded and abrupt among the flat landscape of Heaven.

He reached up to take a step upon it and felt its softness. The mountain was not stone. It was something more like flesh.

The first peak he topped brought a glimpse of his surroundings. The mist was thinner, up here. Stretching out before him was not a mountain at all, but rather the body of a man. He stood upon its knee, and gazed out over the giant's thigh, to his stomach, his chest, his neck, and finally a face.

The giant's eyes were open, its mouth closed and a peaceful sort of expression upon its face. He continued on towards the face.

As he came to the face of the giant, he saw near its head a scroll. Scrawled upon it were angelic letters, ones which he should not have understood. As he gazed at the scroll, they suddenly took on meaning, and he read:

"The eighth day has come and gone.
My greatest creation has failed to achieve that which it must.
Man has fallen, His darkened heart turned bitter by the Tests which I have levied upon Him.
I have failed. My Kingdom has fallen. So shall I fall as well."

The scroll crumbled in his grip as he finished the final words. The light that permeated every inch of that place faded until it turned gray, and then finally black. No light. No feeling. No awareness. He was no more.


