“Sean?”

Distracted by the last drop of coffee in my cup, I didn’t notice a strange woman sit down across the table from me.

Something about her clothing wasn’t quite right. It seemed a little out of place but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. She cleared her throat. “Excuse me. Are you Sean? This is for you. It is of utmost importance that you deliver it.” Before I could get a word in she stood up and walked out the door. I lost sight of her in the foot traffic outside the cafe window.

The last drop of coffee continued to taunt me as I opened the envelope and unfolded the paper slowly, unsure if I was being poisoned or pranked. I flipped the envelope over. It was meant for another person. “Aleister” stood out in bold, flowery handwriting. “Hm. Wonder what this is.”

*Sean, I realize this might be a bit strange considering we haven’t crossed paths... yet. But I will need you to deliver this message. Your upbringing has insofar protected you from being targeted but it has also prevented you from knowing your true identity and heritage.*

“Miss? MISS?” My attempts at flagging down the waitress were futile. I was an unassuming figure and never really dressed to impress. My beard had grown scraggly. Maybe that’s why she ignored me. I continued reading.

*She’s not ignoring you. She’s busy remembering another patron’s order.*

“What a strange coincidence,” I thought aloud.

*Anyways, you may or may not have realized by now that your aging has slowed - perhaps even stopped altogether. Hence the, “You look like you’re 17” comments - despite knocking on the door of 30.*

“What do you need, honey?” The waitress’ voice startled me out of my growing stupor.

“Yes. Sorry about that. I’ll need some more coffee, please.”

“Comin’ right up, sugar.” I watched her speed away and head behind the counter. Sure that no one was reading over my shoulder, I continued.

*The woman you met is a trusted colleague of mine. She’s in a bit of a hurry herself. Not much unlike your waitress. Now, you belong to a long line of venerable immortals.*

“Here you go.” Damn it, she startled me again. “Wow... whoever wrote your letter must be some kind of penmanship expert. Ooh... sorry. Didn’t mean to get nosy.” She left me with a coy smile. 

*Your family partnered with our organization several generations ago in an effort to steer humanity in the correct direction. Our fear at the moment is of a coup rising in your family meant to shake up our ranks. This will surely cause the alliance to dissolve. You have something to do with it, I’m just not sure what... yet.*

My confusion was interrupted by a flurry of activity at the door. A man in strange looking clothing was showing my picture to the hostess. Too shocked to react, I sat motionless, hoping the hostess had forgotten me coming in earlier. “Hey, sugar, have you seen our selection of pie?” My waitress grabbed my wrist and pulled me in the direction of the bathroom.

She threw the door open, locked it behind us, and checked all of the stalls. “I’m sorry... uh,” I scanned her for a name tag, “Shelby... but I don’t think we know each other quite well enough to just jump into things like this.”

“Shut up and get in here.” She pointed to a stall. “We have a very short time to escape. This takes a moment to charge and I fear we don’t even have that much time.”

Someone attempted to open the bathroom door. When the first try failed, they started slamming something against it. Shelby became increasingly irrste. “Shit! Come on... come on.” She held a strange object I didn’t recognize. The sounds at the door became louder by the second. “Oh no no no! They’ll make entry soon. Hang on tight. It’s starting.”

I felt the panic rising. “What’s starting? WHAT IS GOING ON?”

“Just hang on.” Her grip on my wrist tightened.

Time seemed to slow down. A gunshot erupted at the door, blowing the handle off and scattering splintered wood across the sink. “We have them cornered! Hurry.” I could feel my body stretching and pulling against itself. The door flew open and I could hear several people storming in. “Don’t let them get away! They must not alter The Narrative! The Travelers must not gain control!”

Bullets pierced holes through the walls of the stall. The stall door burst open and I found myself staring down the barrel of a gun. “There’s no escape now, traitor.” The muzzle of the gun flashed but I felt nothing and heard nothing for a moment. My body contorted just as the only sounds I could hear contorted, like a child’s toy running out of battery. I kept my eyes closed out of fear.

I couldn’t tell if it was seconds or an eternity that I kept my eyes closed. “You can open your eyes. We’re here.”

I slowly cracked one eye open and then the other. “Welcome. My name is Aleister.” A man stood across an ornate desk from me. His had stretched across the strange wood and decorative paperweights. “So nice to meet the first Immortal to have successfully traveled by worm hole. I believe you have something for me.” He gestured to the envelope I had been clutching. I struggled to hand over the envelope. I was too focused on regaining my composure and my balance.

He sat down in his chair and began to read. He waved us out of his office. “Shelby, please show our guest around. After all, I’m sure a lot has changed in the last 52 years.”

“Right away, sir.” I recognized her immediately. She had given me the letter.