"Fill it up with regular please!"

7:59 AM

Well, I guess my shift doesn't technically start until 8. These chips are both a blessing and a curse. Part of why I took this job as a gas station attendant was so I could be outside all day, enjoying that sweet crisp Oregon air, but these efficiency chips just make me miss the whole day. When they first installed it, I didn't believe it would work. Later, my boss let me watch the security footage that day and by the smile on my face and the chipper tone to my voice you would have thought I was filling up their gas tanks with sunshine and rainbows. 

I take the card and walk up to the pump. I hear the pop of the lid cover from the side of the car. I check my watch one last time.

8:01 AM

"Is something wrong with my card?"

I turn and look at the woman leaning out of her car window with a puzzled look on her face. My mouth is hanging open in surprise. I look to the other attendant, his eyes are full of a troubling clarity that lets me know it's true. 

I am fully awake.

I scratch the back of my palm where the chip is located and notice the faintest red glow under my tanned skin. Something is definitely wrong. The woman is now waving at me to get my attention, but my eyes only follow the arc her softly glowing hand is making as well.

"I *said,* is something wrong with my card?"

"No ma'am, sorry ma'am, just one moment." 

*Come on, you can do this. You have only had this chip in for three years, you can do this.*

I slide her card into the slot.

BAMP.

The screen flashes, "Please see attendant." 

*Whole lot of good that will do me*.

I turn the card around and slide it again, it goes through.

*Thank fuck.*

I hand the card back to the woman and turn around in time for the screen to say, "Remove handle and lift lever." 

I pull the handle from it's slot and begin to search the pump for a lever. I remember from my younger days the handle often rested in a lever that needed to be pulled up for the pump to turn on. 

I give the little shelf slot a pull.

No luck.

 I look around the machine. At this point the woman is getting out of her car to confront me. I explain my situation to her and point to the back of her hand. Her pupils grow wide with understanding. She looks up to the gas pump like an eighth grader getting handed a pop quiz. She walks around the machine, studying it. 

Finally she says, "Is the lever inside?"

Now even I'm not that dense, but at this point the pump has waited too long for a response.

BAMP

"Please see attendant."