Benny kept a calendar. It was old, of course, a 2021 edition with 12 months of Shar-peis in flowerpots for some reason. Every January 1st, Benny would remark the dates, all of them, all 365. His wrist would creak at the end of it and his head would throb, but it was important work. It's how he never lost track of time, even there, in the dark, and the quiet, and the cold.

Where were they, exactly? Benny often wondered. He'd only been a little boy when the sirens had started wailing and they'd trundled off into the depths of steel below their house. 

"Chicago Heights, sweetie," his mother would tell him. "The heart of America."

That sounded right, of course, but it had been so long. So long down in the dark and the quiet and the cold. It was hard to even remember what Chicago Heights *looked* like.

"Best not to try and remember," his father would tell him. "It won't look like that when we come out."

"And when'll that be?" Benny asked. Over and over, he asked.

His mother would shake her head and say nothing. His father would grit his teeth and mutter nonsense. Rose would nod and say, "I wonder that, too," like it was an especially clever and admirable thing for an older brother to wonder.

*December 24*

"Christmas eve," Benny said, looking hopefully at his mother, who refused to meet his eyes. "You think Santa'll come this year? Huh, Dad?"

His father was bent over a book. He pretended not to hear. 

Rose perked up at the sound of her brother's voice. "Santa? Tell me again about Santa."

Benny crept to the side of Rose's bed. Every step echoed in the shelter. The sound rang in his ears. "He's very magical," said Benny. "He lives at the North Pole, up in the cold, and he makes toys for boys and girls."

"All boys and girls?"

"*Good* boys and girls," said Benny knowingly. 

"How does he know which is which?" said Rose.

"He can see it all," said Benny, holding his hands up to his eyes. "When you're sleeping and when you're awake and when you're good and when you're bad. He sees it *all*."

"He's seen us this whole time?" said Rose, wondering and afraid.

"Yup," said Benny. "He knows everything that's happened."

"Do you think I've been good?"

Benny put a hand to his sister's forehead. She was sweating again. He wiped his hand off on the bedspread. "Of course! He knows what a good daughter and sister you've been."

"And do you think..." Rose shook her head. "That's dumb..."

"Do I think he'll come this year?" Benny smiled, leaning back to glance at his father, still pretending to read his book. "I just bet. I just bet. But you have to sleep. He won't come if you don't sleep."

Rose nodded, feigning a yawn. "I was tired anyway."

Benny stood up. "When morning comes, you'll see."

"And you'll tell me when it's morning?"

"I always do."

Then Benny went back to his favorite chair and sat. He was nearly 20 years old by his calculations. His body never stopped feeling big and strange and foreign. He hated it sometimes. He wanted his old body back. When he was smaller, the shelter seemed so big and spacious. Now he just felt cramped all the time.

Still, the shelter was big enough to hide the occasional secret. He'd just have to look hard to find a present for Rose. He'd made a promise, after all. 

But just as Benny had begun setting about in search of a present to give, there was a strange sound from high above. A tapping sound and then a wrenching sound. A grinding sound. A heavy breathing sound.

Benny looked to his father and saw that the old man wasn't afraid, so he wouldn't be afraid either. 

Then the ladder was rattling and boots were scuffling on the rusting iron.

"It's so dark down here!" came a deep, joyful voice. White light, laced with just the barest trace of pink, filtered down the tunnel and into the shelter. The man reached the floor.

"I knew it," said the man. Benny could hardly see him in the glare of the light. "Survivors. Believers. I'm not too late. Merry Christmas child."

"Santa?" said Benny.

The man placed the light on the ground, shining the beam straight up, just barely illuminating the chamber. The man wore a heavy, red coat and black, shiny boots. His beard was gray and scraggly. 

"I nearly lost you down here, Benny," said Santa. "It's been so hard these years, in all this fallout. Finding children. Finding families. Bringing hope. I'm sorry it's taken me so long."

"It's fine, Santa," said Benny. "I'm so glad you're here. We're all so glad you're here. Right Dad?"

Santa's eyes moved to the corner of the room, where a decomposing male body was wrapped around a soggy, bile-soaked hardcover book. 

"Right Mom?"

Across from the male corpse, a skin-dappled skeleton lay in repose on a rotten bunk bed.

"We have to be quiet," said Benny. "Rose is asleep."

Santa nodded, swallowing. Adjusting the grip on his threadbare and nearly empty sack, he approached the bunk on the furthest edge of the room. The girl there was alive. She smiled in her sleep, even as cold perspiration rolled across her waxy features. Her legs were gone. Her left hand as well. The wounds were crudely washed and covered, festering under a thin blanket.

"She's been so good," said Benny. "She really is such a good girl. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her. I just hope you know that, and I hope you can give her a good Christmas."

Santa nodded. "Yes, of course." He reached into his sack. "I always bring gifts for good boys and good girls. In truth, Benny...I bring gifts for everyone...not just the good ones."

Benny smiled.

The pistol Santa pulled from his sack had a silencer, because most of those still alive had become violently sensitive to sound. His gift was mercy, after all. 

At the top of ladder, Santa resealed the hatch and covered the entrance with fresh sod. It was a warm December 25th. The night sky was greenish blue and smelled of mustard and burnt plastic.

He had so many more homes to visit before morning came. 