That rendered me innocent. Jury decided, case closed. I walked out the court room a free man. 

Upon arriving to my apartment I looked at myself in the mirror. I had killed one person, one. This faulty blood system could potentially make thousands of murder victims never get justice, ever.

I could turn myself in, tell them the ministry is wrong about their studies on the human blood. I could? I have to. This is more important than me, this is bigger.

After the genetic alteration that makes our blood darker the forensic department has gotten lazy. Thousands of convicts were found guilty because of their blood. Bad thing is that some of those men were innocent, blood had turned black because of previous actions. After the blood darkens, it never clears up again. 

Some college student got the death sentence after being found guilty of murder. Turns out the kid was innocent, police found the culprit two years later after he confessed to other murders and they found a match with the past murder. Turns out the kid had thousands of songs, movies, games porn and other things illegally downloaded to his phone and according to the ministry of law that's enough to darken the blood. 

What if other people had experienced the same as I? What if I'm the only one with the morality of even thinking of turning myself in? Could be... We are the generation of the changing blood anyway, not too many of us that are old enough to go to jail yet. My older brother doesn't have changing blood, and he's only 8 years older than me. Changing blood is a thing that didn't start until too long ago. 

That's it, I hit the table and picked up the phone, I dialed my lawyer. 

Phone starts ringing. 

Yeah, this *is* for the best. Countless convicts will be free to go after everyone finds out this whole changing blood thing is a hoax, that it doesn't work for everyone. Yes, I won't be a hero, I killed a person. But I will bring light to this subject and many will be freed and many will find justice. This is for the bes--

"hello? Mr. Johnson? Great outcome today in court! I thought we had said everything there was to be said afterwards, though. Anything bothering you, son?" 



"hello, Mr Johnson?" 



"uhh, no it was Mr. Johnson, I think he pocket dialed me" 

Fuck. Fuck. 

Got a call from dad, he didn't go to the trial since he's outta state. 

Oh I knew it wasn't you I knew it couldn't be you he said, I just responded with mh-hm and uhuh. 
I told him I loved him he responded the same. Told him I had to go. 

Maybe... Maybe it's the right thing... To not turn myself in. This event brought the family together anyway. In a negative way, sure, but now it's a positive. Dad's talking to my uncle again, my dad talked to me in the most positive way in years, coursins I hadn't heard from in forever all  stayed at dad's to probably watch the trial together... Maybe it's for the best. Maybe I'll wait until the next guy finds out. 


