*Cockney accent "Stay back! I'll stab you, I mean it! I dun it before! Have you ever seen a cat with one eye - that was me! Back I say, back!" says the mouse as he thrusts his sword pick towards Stefanie. 

Stefanie stares in bewilderment, "Your armor, your accent...you...who are you?"

The mouse, hands still trembling but face stern as can be, replies, "Who am I? Who am I? Pfft looks to the side ain't you ever seen a Wildling before?"

Stefanie furrowed her brow, "You mean like in Game of Thrones?"

The mouse shakes his head, "NO, NOT LIKE IN GAME OF THRONES. That stupid show can't get our stories right. You see this necklace? Every single claw on this necklace tells a story - and every single story tells of the mighty and ferocious victories of our village. Your puny little Mangler there was about to become one a them stories"
"You mean Bingo? He wouldn't hurt a fly, he was just playing" said Stefanie. 

"BINGO - look at this girl, naming mangy little beasts as if he's your pet and would listen to you" said the mouse in annoyance. 

"I won him at bingo, so yeah he's mine. And he listens - well, sort of. He's still young, we're working on the whole litter box thing" replied Stefanie. 

"HA! Listen here missy, any Mangler that uses a litter box will use it when HE wants to use it, not because you named him and told him to. You don't know nuthin." said the mouse as he pointed his sword at Stefanie. 

"What's your name anyway?" asked Stefanie. 

"Wouldn't you like ta know. I ain't just gonna give you personal information like that - no, if you want to know who I am you're gonna have to put me down" said the mouse.

Stefanie cocked her head to the side as she noticed he was having trouble balancing. She asked “Is your leg alright? Are you hurt?”

The mouse paused, but then quickly said “No, nope, I’m stronger than I’ve ever been. You’re lucky you still got that nose a yours – I can take that thing clear off your mug if I wanted to by now”. 

Stefanie giggled. The mouse’s face got all scrunched and angry. He said, “Alright, you wanna know my name so bad? My name is Irving Van Malin, The First and Only of His Name, Destroyer of Manglers, Guardian of the Dead and Dying, Breaker of Cheese and Nuts, and Rightful King of Two-Legged Hunchbacks! NOW PUT DOWN YOUR KING OR LOSE YOU AIN’T GONNA HAVE THAT PRETTY FACE ANYMORE!”

Stefanie’s eyes got all big and she held back a smile. She replied calmly, “Okay Irving, okay. But as my rightful king I’ll need to fix that leg of yours – we can’t have our king looking weak, otherwise our country will look weak.”
Irving squinted his eyes in suspicion, but as he was 4 cheese wheels above the ground he didn’t have much of a choice. Plus, his left leg had endured a lot of pain while being tossed around by that Mangler. Irving replied, “Well, yeah, right. *ahem* Yeah! Your King needs medical attention. Ey you sure you’re qualified to heal a King?”

“Oh sure, Bingo got stuck in a thorn bush one time and I had to wrap all four of his legs! Now look at him!” 
They both looked at Bingo as he walked along Stefanie’s desk, then slipped on a pencil and fell into his box of toys with a loud THUD (and squeaks). 

Stefanie bared her lower teeth at the awkwardness of this moment. Then she said “Um, well, he gives me a lot of practice at being a nurse, even if he is such a small patient.” 

Then she set Irving down on the ground and reached for her student nursing kit. Irving saw his exit – the door was wide open, then it’d be just a hop, skip, and a jump to open the front door. But there was a Mangler west of him, and a two-legged hunchback in front of him (though occupied at the moment). His calculations might be off with this bum leg of his though. He thought, “Well, she is a nurse. I’ll just have her fix my leg then I’ll whack her upside the head and show the village my victory. Yeah, that’ll show ‘em that I ain’t weak old Lorne. Then maybe they’ll respect me for who I am and quit punishing me for who I ain’t.” 

*Edited to add spacing