Seeing Maria slam the bathroom door behind her broke my heart, the utter contempt on her face cut straight through me. Such an idiot... I always mess everything up. I leant against the bathroom door tears flowing freely down my face. 'Maria, Baby, come out, we can fix this. I'll change I promise!' you lying bastard. I'll never change. My fingers pull at the locked door handle in a vain hope that it will turn freely and Maria will be in my arms, happy and full of love. The handle jars, turning no further that half an inch. I slump down in front of the door openly sobbing. I love her, I really do. My only hope for a happy future, I wanted to marry her. To have a family. And I still can't keep it in my pants. 

What feels like an eternity passes but what I know to only be a several seconds tick by. Despair fills me. Drowning out all other emotion. 

A click and the door opens inwards, her sweet perfume reaches me first, the scent of a garden in spring, fills my nostrils and rejuvenates me. A gentle hand strokes down my cheek, sliding under my chin she pulls me up close to her. 'it's okay honey, I forgive you' 
Yes! The words I don't deserve to hear, I pull her close. 'I'm sorry, so sorry, I can't breathe without you, I felt like I was at that door for an eternity, it was hell, sorry...' 
She kissed me, her lips first brushing and then pushing against mine sending warmth through my cold heart. She pulled away and leant to my ear. 'it felt more like a thousand years... I had plenty of time to think on the other side of that door, I know you love me and I know you want us to work, but I also know that you will never change. I've worked hard for this moment. It's like another world, I see myself creating a life for us, safe from everything. She kissed me again, pulling me hard against her. The warmth of her kiss halted and retreated as I felt cold steel sliding into my abdomen slicing through my insides the cold steel became hot pain screaming through my body, unable to scream I let out a gasp, she kissed me again. 'Please wait for me on the other side, we can make this work' 

-HL
(sorry for the formatting, on mobile.) 