She was only thirteen and it was a mistake, she didn't intend to push her friend down that hill, but that was a mark for her, the broken bones and the blood spilled on that greenish field and her friend's last grasps would be what modelled. As she approached the body a mysterious and eerie aura surrounded the area, the Grim Reaper was there, she could see him, some thing unnatural called her towards it, almost as she believed they were the same, she said something, but it was simply ignored. Baffled she struggle to understand what had happened, and would do so in the following years.

She started living a double life, a regular job with good enough resources to make possible for her to satisfy her needs, but she was also aware that she couldn't become to addicted otherwise she would be caught. Whenever she performed her ritual, she would be there, next to the body, waiting for her the thing she loved to appear.

"I've been thinking about last time, you appear it seems that there is a connection between us."

Before she could even think it would reply, the girl was ignored and the Death disappeared.

Every time the same scene would repeat.

"Can you not see that we are meant to be together? I kill people, I need that, and you, you come to rescue them, we could be partners!"

"You always appear when I kill people I don't hear other people saying that as an 'usual' thing, you must appear because you like me, right?"

"See? I can slaughter, dissect, break their bones, isn't it beautiful? I can make this even more beautiful for you, for our times together."

"What do I have to do to get your attention? You come, I can't ignore you, I tried, but I have this uncanny feeling that pulls me closer to you... I love you."

Years gone by, and no response, one-sided love, Platonic love. She couldn't stop killing, she wasn't sure anymore if she wanted to kill or if she wanted the attention from the one that ignored her.

She was again preparing to perform her ritual, but the drugs she administered weren't as effective in the victim, so it had struggle and amidst the fight, both of them were severely injured, in the middle of nowhere she was sure she would find the same fate as her victim, but this time she thought it could be her time to be taken by Death, maybe finally she would get the response that she wanted.

"Why have you always ignored me when all I did was try to get close to you?"

"..."

"No response? What could I expect, all those deaths just to be close to you and still no response."

"Their deaths weren't a gift, every death is a penance for me and those who have their lives taken from them aren't able to rest as long as their killer is tied to this world."

"But if you just said anything we could arrange a better way to work things out, I just wanted to be with you, I love you."

"Your death brings my penance to an end, their souls are to be finally put to rest. And for you, do you fail to realise that you didn't have to kill anyone to one day be mine? All the things that exist are destined to perish."

"So will I finally get... my Death's kiss?"

"No... those who play with Death go to the void."

And her soul vanished, the Grim Reaper didn't touch her, didn't kiss her, didn't love her.