     "-And so, F.A.T.H.E.R. released the HolyProgram Patch, altering the decaying genepool to create a multitude of subspecies that allowed us to survive (1). This created the Dominant Races expansion, leading to Elves, Dwarves and Gnomes, which led to Half-Elves, Halflings, Fayish as they procreated with Humans of Old. It wasn't until the renegade User S.A.M.A.E.L. hacked the Program of L.I.F.E. that the Holy Patch also created the Orcs and Goblins, leading to Half-Orcs and Hobgoblins as they procreated with Humans of Old (2). Amen."


     Church Program Dr0mah finished reading the passage from the Drive and minimized the page. He readjusted his robes and opened a prepared speech for today. 


     "Now, I know things are tense on the outskirts of the Havenboard, but just because one is born of the Green Skin Hack doesn't mean they are inherently rogue. There are some Orcs and Goblins among the Firewall Paladins, extinguishing Hackers and the Viruses they control."


     People shift nervously in their seats as the Program speaks. He's not wrong, but the fact that **they** were created with a virus is less than calming, especially when a few families of them are sitting in the back row. An older gentleman steps up. He's a respected member of the community, and is a head Program on Datamining for old files. 


     "I, for one, would like to welcome any and all Green Skinned peoples to our lovely Circuit of Cloverpatch. My name is Vizkir09 and if you people need anything," He walks to the back and places a hand on the shoulder of a burly Orc gentleman. The Orc flinches and tenses, unused to physical contact,  "-you let me know. What's y'all's name, friend?"


     The Orc stands up, mumbling his name. 


     "You'll have to speak up, sir. Please, be proud of your name."


     "My name is Yu7de, and I'm with the Antivirus Program. You're all going to be deleted for running the illegal Vampirism.exe."


     Suddenly the door is locked by an Orc girl and the Orcs spring into action, conjuring their Cypher weapons, slashing and deleting those they can. Suddenly they are blasted back by Dr0mah via a dark wave of corrupted data. 


     "F00LS!" He bellows, "You dare enter a Virus Nest and think you have what it takes to delete me?!" He readies his command prompt with a deletion spell of his own.


     "No", Yu7de responds, standing bravely in the front as his crew reveals an encrypted Firewalled Drive, "But we weren't planning on being Saved either."


     Dr0mah sneers and launches his spell, deleting the Orc team and the firewall, which released a Cleanse prompt that erased the Vamparism.exe from the Circuit. 
     