They say everything has an end. Whatever begins, eventually ends. Nothing can go on forever. In the beginning with the big bang, the basic forces of life were created. Speed, mass, gravity, life and death. Other forces never really mattered. What mattered was us. Life and me. The Death. We were supposed to live together in harmony. But Zeus. He banished me. Banished me to the underworld. He was going to pay for it. Someday, sometime. But surely I was going to take him down. WE WERE BROTHERS. HE BETRAYED ME. Our realms were created when the antimatter fused with the matter to create a huge annihilation amidst a star which later turned into the supernova. The extreme heat, together with the metals and the rocks in the space designed our realms the way they are today. We were the opposites of each other. One of us was meant to survive. Not both. While life moved forward to create new forms. I started taking them down one by one. He was always better than me. He was always one step ahead. I was never completely able to take out all the life forms. Even if I did, he always was there. I was never able to erase him out of existence. Millenniums passed by. The cycle remained the way was then. Until today. As I mentioned earlier, everything ends, even this cycle of ours was meant to end. It was the last few days left. Finally I was about to win. I was going to prevail over everything. That few things to erase before I win were easy enough like everything else I had till date. 

Day 5 : I had to take out some last few humans left. A child's play. All I had to do hit them with a epidemic. Other took care of itself. Well there are still some strong ones left. Still nothing compared to what strength I possess. I take them out and I'm done with them. 

Day 4 : The microbes and the bacteria. Damn. They were tougher than I thought. They were everywhere. Even taking out oxygen didn't help. Some even survived in void. Somehow I took out every single one of them. 

Day 3 : I took out other Gods. Demetris, Minerva,  Poseidon, Hera. Everyone except two. Ares and Zeus. Ares was the God of War. I had to take him out alone. He'll give one hell of a fight. And Zeus. The one whom I've been struggling with from the day one. These Gods weren't very difficult to take down. Because their strength was the faith of humans. Once I took humans out, their palaces started to fall and left them vulnerable. 

Day 2 : Ares on the list. I traveled to his palace. There he was waiting for me. All geared up. But I was stronger than ever. Nothing can stop me. I gotta say. Even though was weak. He proved to be a tough job. But finally he was over too.

Day 1 : Final task. Final day. Final opponent. Zeus. Today he was going down. And will be the ruler of this world. The doors to our realms were to be closed forever and ever. Zeus, to my surprise, came to visit me. I didn't think it would be this silent and peaceful. "Finally, you got what you always wanted.", said he. "Yes, my dear brother. I did. While I pierced his armour with my dagger. He fell down. While I roared," I WIN. I AM THE RULER NOW." Zeus started laughing. He said," You think you won? You're wrong my dear brother. We were both supposed to survive. You erase what I create. My task was to create. While you erase. You failed to realise what we had to do. But now think about one thing. What are you without me. What would you be if I don't exist. Even you won't." 

Damn. I never realised that. Consumed with rage and and anger, I failed to see it. As Zeus faded into the air. After a while. Even I did. I always talked about everyone else's existence. Never really thought anything about mine. What if I had the powers to erase everyone's existence, after all even I was created by someone. Someone above Zeus. Someone above me. Someone supreme. The creator who created us all. 

--------------------------------

I think there are a lot of loose ends here. Help me close them. Please. 