"So this is how it ends."
"It seems so."

Her gold eyes meet mine, it's usual brightness dim in the black void known as the ruins of the world. She wears her usual attire of a simple white gown and gold slippers, her long, white hair touches the ground below. Around us, the darkness waits in silence. 

She sighs, knowing what's to come. "After all these years, I never thought I'd end. We, the first two beings in the universe, fought for an eternity!" 

She falls to her knees as her arms spread towards the sky. I watch from a distance, feeling surprisingly "human". Her vibrant glow is mysterious and unknown now. 

"All of this...I once built it all..."

Whimpering, tears fall on the ground around her. I never saw her this way in all this time. She used to be calm and graceful, her emotions covered by happy shell she was. 

Now, with nothing left, she's broken and alone. She continues to cry, her radiance fading with every drop. 

I look away, letting her collect her thoughts. I can't bear seeing her like this. Her sadness is my sadness, her pain is mine too.

I know she's the only person who understands the pain of living so long. Eternity changes you, numbing you to the world around you. We do our jobs and have done so for the billions of years we've existed.

Without her, I'm nothing. Without me, she has no purpose. We are beings that we're once in this fight for equilibrium. And yet, that fight is gone now.

Darting my eyes to her, I see her pain. She's fading now, her glow becoming more translucent and distant. Still, she doesn't notice.

"We need to go." I say, slightly gentler than usual.

Nothing. Her head hangs down, her tanned skin now pale. I crouch down, my eyes trained on her. 

"Life, you know the drill. I'm sorry I can't save you this time..."

Her eyes glare at mine. 

"THIS TIME? WHEN HAVE YOU EVER SAVED ME!"

Sheepishly, I place my hand on my neck and take a deep breath. 

"So...you don't remember the cliff? The dangling?"

Puzzled at first, her gaze softens when she remembers.

"Yes," she says quietly, "The time I feel off. The time I was supposed to die..."

"You were supposed to be replaced. And I remember I had the choice. As you can tell, I chose wisely."

She blushes. With the help of my hand, she gets up. I take a hold of both of her small hands and look into her mirror-like eyes. At that moment, Life looks as beautiful as the day we first met and I know I have to say it.

"Life...I love you."

Her look is full of awe and surprise. Then, she lets go of my hands and wrap them gently around my torso. 

"Me too."

As my vision blurs and darkens, I place my hands around her, not wanting this moment to end. 

Then...
----------------------------------------------------
Sorry if this isn't the best, it's my first time doing something like this. Any suggestions are welcomed and I hope you enjoyed reading this!

Also,【=◈︿◈=】(kudos if you get this symbol's meaning :DDD)