"Tzelle, it's been a *month*. How hard *is* it to find what we're looking for? I'm docking your pay."

Tzelle scratched at the implant in his head as he winced at the voice of his boss yelling at him. There was no way to turn it off, and his head throbbed as Arch-Overseer Kricha's voice reverberated through his skull. He would probably have a headache for the rest of the day.

"M-my sincerest apologies, Arch-Overseer. The project is more challenging than first thought... The secret of the Golden Rule seems universally prevalent among the human race, which means I can't find out without compromising company policy."

He slumped a little and slid down onto the ground in the alleyway, keeping out an eye for any curious Earthlings. A feline observed his mumblings from not far away, but it'd be fine. He was speaking in English, so the creature would not understand him and deduce anything to be amiss.

"Is that so? Perhaps I should replace you with someone who has more initiative."

Tzelle's jaw dropped. His stomach turned and he started shivering. His fingers dug into the soil as he formulated a plea for mercy. Being fired was a death sentence. He would be considered useless... No, even less than useless; a burden on society, taking up resources that rightfully belong to others. The implant inside his head was equipped to euthanize him instantly should the Arch-Overseer so choose. He'd be disintegrated and not even dust would remain.

"T-thank you, Arch-Overseer, for pointing out m-my shortcomings. I realise now that I've not been working hard enough. I'll correct my mistake immediately if I'm given another chance. But only by your m-mercy, Arch-Overseer. I would not wish to impede progress on our objectives!"

It remained silent for a few seconds. Tzelle's heart pounded in his chest, waiting for the reply, knowing that every second could be his last.

"You owe me, Tzelle. When you get home, I demand tribute for tolerating your inadequacy. Now get going! You have two days to get results, or you'll be replaced."

The droning in his head stopped, letting Tzelle know the Arch-Overseer had ended communications. He'd survived another day, but for how many more would he be able to fight off the inevitable? Everyone got euthanized eventually. His muscles relaxed, and along with them, a wave of despair washed over him. He was unable to hold it back, and his cries of despair filled the alleyway.

"Are you okay?" An unknown voice intruded on his solitude.

Tears streamed down Tzelle's face as he looked towards the street. A woman stood there, looking at him.

"I'm... fine," he sniffled before turning away from her. This is the kind of attention he'd been hoping to avoid. He could pass for human at a distance, but didn't know much about the way they carried out interpersonal relationships. And to be discovered was to violate company policy. Immediate grounds to be euthanized.

She walked towards him and put her hand on his shoulder.

"You don't look fine. You can tell me what happened. I'll listen." She squatted and straightened out his jacket a bit. "You look a mess, you know."

"I don't think that's a good idea..." he muttered. "You don't need to know about my problems. I'm sure you have enough of your own."

"Well I'm not the one crying in an alleyway. Seriously, tell me what's the matter."

"I... I almost got fired from my job today, and they're expecting me to do things that I'm not sure I have any way of doing to stay employed."

"Ah, poor thing. Come, get up."

He recoiled as she touched her hand, but she grabbed it firmly and pulled him onto his feet. The warmth of her hand in his sent a shiver through his body. He couldn't remember the last time he'd had physical contact with anyone.

"Thanks. I d-don't know what to say. Why would you do this for me?"

It was natural that Tzelle didn't have the capacity to understand. The society in which he was born was an authoritarian, utilitarian nightmare of a civilisation born from near-constant war.

As a result of previous societal collapse their entire planet had erupted into a millennia-long strife between countless factions over resources that had become ever more scarce. There wasn't enough to sustain large populations as conflict erupted wherever they went. Peace, even on smaller scales, was often the exception. If the warring entities weren't states, they were politicians, companies, or even families or siblings.

Tzelle was a product of this society, born of one of the poorest classes of his society. He could never rest easy. He had to work the hardest of anyone to stay employed with little chance of ever being promoted. And now, his nation had enlisted him in an attempt to find the secret of humans. How could they stand being packed so closely together without constant war? What was the secret of their prosperity? Their strongest clue was the so-called Golden Rule, but it had proven elusive.

Until now.

"You know what they say," the woman said. "Treat others like you want to be treated. If I were you, I'd want someone to do what I did. It's the Golden Rule."

"O-oh... So it is," Tzelle responded weakly, before the full realisation of what he'd just discovered hit him. And when it finally did, he knew that it was all he'd hoped it would be.