Not quite the prompt but I still had fun with it. 


Alchemist breathed in a deep breath of the morning air; the sun was shinning, the birds were singing, and her heist was going perfectly. Fifty feet bellow the gold-plated villain a group of mercenaries worked within a force field to strip an armored truck of all its valuables. 


Alchemist heard a ding as her helmet HUD altered her to the ETA of the police, both normal and super. She shook her head. The officers of the law were like clockwork, dependable and predictable. She touched the side of her multifaceted helmet activating her com.


“All right boys we’ve got just under five minutes. I want that gold sky high and this wrapped up in three,” she ordered. 

There was a chorus of grunts and affirmatives. 

“Excuse me! Oh, excuse me!” An aged voice called out. 

“Barrier breached,” a soft artificial voice warned Alchemist. 

Alchemist looked down and her helmet zoomed in on her robbery. Five stories bellow her all fifteen mercenaries whipped out their guns out and pointed them at the intruder, a tottering old lady. Her high jacked facial recognition software found a match for the senior citizen. 


Brenda Long
Ex-Enhanced Police Force Officer
Code name: Sorceress 
Service record: 1972 – 2000
Black Star Officer
Over 1,000 crises averted


“Excuse me! Ms. Alchemist?” the old lady said. 


Alchemist frowned. Heroes and villains didn’t mix, even after retirement. What was she doing here? Did she think she was the Sorceress again? It would be crazy for the old bat to announce her position and then try to pull off an attack. She was probably just senile. 


“Hold your fire, stand down.” Alchemist said. 


There was a burst of stun bolts from a grunt guarding the perimeter. Fortunately the bolts sprayed around the old lady leaving her unharmed. 

“I said stand down!” Alchemist barked. 

“I’m so terribly sorry but I need to talk to you,” the lady continued. 

Alchemist sighed and leaned forward on her hover board beginning her decent. 


“Skuts, you’re fired. Flint and Joana will escort you back to base. I want your paperwork, gun, and uniform on my desk tomorrow morning. Glenn, Swanson, Cuevas guard the lovely old lady. Everyone else get the gold back to base. Sing you’re in charge.”


Alchemist’s overcoat fluttered in the wind as she dove down to the ground. It was a pain in the ass to clean but damn it made her look dramatic. She pulled back slowing her decent then she jumped off her board, tucked it under arm, and landed in a single smooth motion. 


“Good afternoon madam. I heard you were looking for me?” she said. 

“Oh, yes, I’m so lucky I heard about your robbery on the news. You see I need some help and my old contacts aren’t answering me and the Force just doesn’t have time for a washed up officer like me.”

“I see.”

“I’m so glad it was you, the marvelous Alchemist. You’re a bit of a showboat, with all the gold and your fancy thingy-bobbers.” Mrs. Long gestured to Alchemist’s suit and the force field. “But you are a professional young lady. Not like the other villains these days with their pointy outfits and murdering and ignoring the quiet hours.” 


Mrs. Long’s words were finally cut short by the roar of the cargo rockets taking off. Cargo rockets were Alchemist’s personal brainchild. Do you have any idea how fucking hard it is to catch/stop a missile full of stolen loot? Even for superheroes it was practically impossible. 

Her henchmen exchanged a look. So Mrs. Long was just senile. Whatever. Alchemist waved away the guards. She could handle this.


“Well I do pride myself on pulling off the cleanest jobs in the city. I always say if you have to resort to indiscriminate killing create fear you then you just aren’t a real villain,” Alchemist said. “Now I appreciate the attention but I really need you to go-”

“You’re just so good at finding things that don’t belong to you,” Mrs. Long said with a dangerous glint in her eye. 


Alchemist froze.  


“The hoover board looks so much better without Nightmare Punch’s green and pink paint job. And the upgrades you’ve made to Dr. Dread’s stungun are noting short of amazing. But I don’t think he would appreciate you stealing his design, oh no.”


Super battles were always messy. Both sides had to abandon weapons and gear in the heat of the fight. And well, you know what they say, Finders keepers, Looser weepers. But that didn’t mean there weren’t sore losers. Loser who would very much like Alchemist’s severed head on a plate. 

Sirens sounded in the distance marking the arrival of the police. The roar of helicopter blades warned of the approaching Enhanced Force. 


“As I was saying Madam,” Alchemist said with an exaggerated arm sweep, “mature citizen such as yourself are so often ignored for the wealth of information that they are. I would happy to help you with whatever you need.”
