Five years ago, Darren had been playing games with his friends online when his mother showed up in his room looking more scared than he had ever seen her before. Even more so than when he found the nest of spiders in his closet. So when she told him to turn off the game and leave, he did. She had helped him pack up a few items before they quickly ran down the stairs towards the door out of the house. He could see a warning on the TV with a monotone voice.
“This is an emergency alert…”
Darren stopped in his tracks to watch the alert, transfixed. His mother, unaware that he had stopped, marched out the door with their suitcases.
“Barricade all entries to your house. Do not go outside after sundown. Restrict contact with others. Do not enter tunnels during daytime. Do not make any light or noise between six p-m and eight a-m. Stay inside your homes until dawn. Military aid is unavailable. Good luck.”
Darren felt a horribly strong tug at his arm and jumped away in fright. But it was only his mother, who tugged at him again, although gentler this time.
“We have to go, sweetie, and we have to go now.”
“This is an emergency alert…” The message repeated behind them.
Darren resisted her pull.“But the TV says we have to stay inside our house!”
His mother stopped tugging at him and dropped to a knee, meeting him at eye level. Darren hadn’t realized it until then but he saw his mother was shaking and on the verge of tears. When she spoke, he could see the effort it took for her to keep her voice level.
“I know. But your uncle Wes’ house is safer. He…he’s been preparing for something like this. We all thought he was crazy, and he probably is, but he can keep us safe. Now let’s go get in the car. Your father, brother, and sister are already waiting for us.”
“Okay…” Darren said, trying to seem brave and not feeling it at all.
As they left, Darren heard the emergency broadcast go on and on. “...Military aid is unavailable. Good luck.”

His mother slammed the door shut and didn’t bother locking it. In the car, his father had his phone out and connected to the internet, the warning message playing on the screen. He muted it and they drove off. They drove with their family to Uncle Wes’ ranch, arriving just before sundown. Wes rushed them into his bunker, and they hid in silence all night, waiting for the worst to happen.
It never did.
Feeling relieved and more than a little silly, the family came out of their bunker to a world bathed in sunlight. Trees swayed in the wind and birds sang. The world seemed peaceful. Normal.
Darren’s dad had shut his phone off for the night - following The Warning’s rules to make no sound or light - and he powered it back on. The main menu loaded without incident, a good sign considering The Warning had been a constant stream of notifications even on the lock screen. Hoping for the best, Darren’s dad tapped open the web browser.
A cacophony of Warnings cascaded onto the screen.
“This is an Emergency Alert. Barricade all entries to your house…”
Darren felt a chill go down his spine. His brother and sister began to sob.
Darren’s father opened up social media only to find no new postings from the previous twelve hours at all save one post from a “friend” whom he could hardly truly call an acquaintance. All it said was “They’re dead they’re dead they’re dead…” repeated what seemed endlessly.
“Back into the bunker” His uncle said, firm without a hint of fear.

At the beginning, his father and uncle had been determined to figure out what was going on and, if they could, find the solution. They would talk and argue over the semantics behind The Warning, what it implied. Was it aliens that could only operate in darkness? Or something more earthly like a government conspiracy? Nothing seemed likely and everything sounded ridiculous.

Where they failed to find explanations they succeeded in finding ways to strictly adhere to the rules. At 5:55 the hatch closed. At 5:58 they were given food. At 6:00, they sat in separate corners and ate their food in silence. Never once making eye contact with anyone else, they would wordlessly slide into their own sleeping bags and go to sleep.
But the lack of answers had chewed at Uncle Wes. He was never someone to leave a mystery alone, nor to stay put and do what he’s told. So finally one day his uncle decided to open the hatch and step out minutes before dawn to see how strict the rules were. His father had protested, as much as the Rules allowed anyway, and his uncle had ignored him.
And so Uncle Wes  stood in the dim glow of pre-dawn, and he looked down and met Darren in the eyes. Darren saw that he was joyous in his defiance of this unseen, unknowable darkness.
And then his uncle disappeared. Gone and replaced by nothing but air. And although he could never express it, Darren felt his uncle go. There had been a rush of something the moment before he disappeared. It felt like the wind, but more ephemeral. Something almost animal but also intelligent. The memory seared itself into Darren.
For a grueling five minutes, the family looked into their laps, each alone. They strained to not make any sounds or eye contact with anyone. And after the sun finally peaked above the horizon, they scrambled up the steps out onto the ranch and each screamed “Wes!?” “Uncle Wes!? Are you there?”.
Everyone but Darren, who just kept sitting on his chair, consumed by the memory of the moment just moments before. And it occurred to him that when he concentrated on that memory, a vision of eyes seemed to materialize in front of him.
He shook the memory off and walked upstairs, pretending to participate in the search with the rest of his family.
They never found Uncle Wes.
The next morning, minutes before dawn, at the exact moment Uncle Wes had been taken, the family was awakened to scraping at the door like a giant scythe was sliding over it. Startled, Daniella and Preston let out cries and sobs. The scraping got worse.
Quick on her feet, their mother threw a blanket over both of them and shushed them, never making eye contact in the process.
Their sobs soon quieted to mere whimpers and the scraping stopped.
Moments later, what seemed like a loud half-electric, half-living scream emanated out from behind the door before whatever was out there pounded against the door with one single powerful THUD!
Then there was silence.
Their father hesitantly inspected the outdoors, finding nothing but sunlight, trees, and chirping birds. He flipped on his phone and once again found The Warning blasting through. “This is an emergency alert…”
The sound came again the next morning.
And the next. And every morning following that.
Darren’s father gave up on finding any answers the day Uncle Wes died. Instead the focus was all put into living and surviving at the bunker. There would never be any talk of anything else.

Darren would often replay the memory over and over in his head of his uncle’s disappearance. And each time he would see the eyes staring back at him. Eyes that weren’t his uncles or anyone or anything else he had ever seen.
The eyes belonged to It. The monster behind The Warning.
An even deeper fear gripped Darren, however. And it was the knowledge that the scraping and banging was for him. Whatever It was knew he was here, and it wanted him to come out.
Darren knew someday he would, too. The rules, the noise, the fear would all one day be too much.
Someday the weight of the bunker would outweigh his survival instincts.
And on that day Darren would shrug off the protests of his family, throw open the hatch, and brave the dawn before he disappeared too.


Note: I'm super late to this prompt, but I saw it while at work today and it really stuck with me. So I came home and wrote this. Happy to hear what anyone thinks!