How do you get ready for anything?  I pondered and took down a list of when people are in need. Sometimes it was medical someone choking or who just cut off a digit with a bandsaw. Yes. Those have happened. What was the most harrowing was being tossed in right above a pool where someone is drowning. So you know how hard it is to swim with an EMT medical bag and police duty belt. I do. 

After that I bought several  of inflatable vests off Amazon. I started wearing a body cam although the people on YouTube think it's some sort of Dust meets Jumper mishmash. 

Most of the jumps. That's what I call them jumps. Most are ambushes. Someone is beating someone senseless and I appear and knock the fool out of the obvious bad guy. Then I try to get someone attention they call the authorities. As soon as that is done I jump out.  The water landings take the longest. 

Just last week a kid was trying to swim across a lake. Not a pond. Like a full size lake. For boats!  Anyway I had to swim him to the other side. Problem was his house was on the other side. We found a lake house and I told the owners that I saved this kid. They eyed my police duty belt and aircraft life preserver (now deployed) and figured I was a Public sevice officer. Still I had them call the authorities and I jumped out. 

To another domestic dispute. Knocked the fool out of some lug who was doing unspeakable things. I cannot say I enjoy what i do. I started carrying a nightstick. You know how hard it is to buy a taser online?  Rough and it leaves evidence. So now I just bop certain people. As soon as I appear. No words. Just bop. Put them in zip ties and call the police.   I can read a scene in seconds now. 

I used to speak English only. I learned some Spanish and German and Chinese and Hindi. Still there are place I jump into that even that doesn't help. 

Getting home can take awhile. It involves jumping through people who need help. Just arrive and jump out until it's somewhere in the states. I have to figure out a better way to get home. One way tickets are getting expensive and they give me such gruff even when I check my glock. I have only jumped into a couple firefights some in Syria others in Brazil and elsewhere let me tell you an appearing armed man is liked nowhere in a firefight. The good guys are the ones that don't shoot at me first. Most of those I just jump out of. Not equipped for them. I thought about getting a rifle and doing those but so many of the jumps I do are not violent at all.  

It's someone in dire straights. Choking. Bleeding. And often it's just someone sitting alone. Crying. They really really need help if the are who is in need the most. I talk to them or try to. I am think about going to school for it now. So many people in need though. How many won't make it while I learn about Freud or Yung?  Plus what do I train?  I have to be a utility knife of need. 

Any time spent training is time spent not helping. Oddly enough most of the time it does seem that how I kit myself out depends on where I get sent. So there seems to be some intelligence about it. It's not random. Hubris aside I think of myself as an auxiliary guardian angel of sorts. I know that sounds conceited but I don't really know how else to describe it. 

There are so many people in need.  I only wish there were more of us jumpers. 
