It's here. It's happening.

Mellissa and I were only 25 when I got her pregnant. At first, we'd been ecstatic when she passed the 10 month mark. We wanted to name her something clever, something that would fit her superpower. We'd only know that when she was born, so we decided to code-name her "Tabby", because she was a Tabula Rasa, a blank slate that would become something extraordinary. 

Usually any child past 10 months would have a relatively mundane superpower, like superhearing or seeing outside of the visible light spectrum. Then came the Anigests, kids that gestated for a year or over. They had stuff like superhuman agility, superstrength or telekinesis. After a mother passed the point of Anigestation, doctors noticed that the belly just... disappeared. The mother returned to normal, in fact, they became model humans after that. They became fit and strong and smart with no effort at all. Somehow, so did the fathers. 

The doctors didn't understand this, until the first 18 monther was "born". The parents were rushed off to hospital as they were both having what seemed to be a stroke and a heart attack at the same time. Then, a huge burst of energy as the parents began to glow, and the ambulance tipped over. Out emerged the paramedics, and then the parents, holding their 18 month old baby with glowing yellow eyes which would emit beams of light every few minutes. This child grew up with laser eyes and the ability to heat up any part of his body to extreme temperatures. The parents later publicly explained that the glowing energy around them began swirling above them and gathered to form their baby. Our child was already an Anigest by then.

We knew our child was destined to change the world when we passed the 3 year mark. A 2 year child had been born 6 months prior, with green skin, allowing him to change into any shape or even become invisible. He'd been born a three year old, and seemed to be about as smart as one. His parents named him Martin "John Jones" Jones, his first and middle/nickname in reference to the Martian Manhunter, J'onn J'onnz. He also happened to look strikingly like the Martian People that were discovered about 3 months prior in the Mariner Valley on Mars.

As Tabby got "older" we got stronger. Eventually, we started to develop powers ourselves. First came energy beams from our hands, then came flying, and soon after superstrength. We were the dynamic duo that scientists had been studying vigorously, but not as much as the public. Anigests were normally semi-celebrities, but we were household names, especially after losing the need to breathe oxygen and flying to the moon and back in 60 seconds.

At 6 years the new abilities stopped coming but we didn't lose power. A few parents had had kids past 5 years, and they were veritable Supermen and women. But we just didn't stop. When we became the first Decagests at 10 years, the record was 7 years, a mad creature who had to be destroyed straight after birth to prevent her from razing the city with her ability to summon an energy blast with the power of a nuclear bomb from her hand.

Today we celebrate our 15 year conceive-aversary. We live on Mars now, since we can get from here to earth in an hour and a half, and The Academy for Heroes is here. This isn't just a place where heroes can get trained by other heroes to control their powers, but is also a compound where any parents past 3 years gestation are required to live, with buildings made solely of Adamantium to withstand the incredible power that is released by birth that increases with the child's age. Now, we've been locked in a room with 10 meter thick Adamantium walls, specifically designed for us, that the smartest Hero minds assure us will withstand our child's birth, which they estimate will have the power of a solar flare. 

It's started. The pain and heat that is flowing through my body would vaporize any normal human, and I can feel that if this child is insane from power like the last one was, the human race and all of Herokind is doomed.

The energy starts to flow out of us and swirl to form our child. Her form glows, explodes and knocks us into the wall. As the smoke clears, I witness the most beautiful snd terrifying sight I've ever seen. We could have just given birth to the Messiah, or The End of All Things.
"Honey?" Melissa says tentatively.
"Mother." She says, and my hope rises as I hear the love in her voice and the smile on her face and the tears of joy in her eyes. She looks at me, and her expression changes completely, her eyes are those of sharks and with no more emotion she says, "Father, vaporize Mother's brain." 
Without hesitation I lift my finger and shoot out an energy beam that enters through my wife of 17 years' eye and destroys her brain, instantly killing her. I realize what I've done a second later and scream, and I look at my child with pain and desperation, trying to find something in those eyes that explained why she- and I- did that.
"Father, snap your-"
"WAIT! Why did you do that? Why would you do that to your own mother? How did you make me do that?"
"You did it, Father. I merely gave you... motivation. You so wanted to after I told you, there's no point crying over it now. As to why I'm doing it, I've realized that this universe is pointless in my years gestating. so I plan to develop a way to end all of existence. Now-"
"So you can control minds? Is that your power?"
"Well, essentially, yes. I make people want nothing more than what I tell them to do."
"Is that everything you can do?"
"That, and everything you and dear late mother could do. Don't worry Father, those Heroes out there stand no chance to defeat me even if I don't manage to control them before they can take a few potshots at me."
"Please, don't do this. We can help you, there's more to existence if you just experience it."
"No, there really isn't. You're 40, Father, and I've experienced everything you and Mother have since I was conceived, and I've seen how, with abilities like mine and yours, we are basically Gods. You could only ever be killed by Mother or anyone else who has power on your level, which totals 2. Me, and you. You probably didn't realize since you can solve almost any problem and be back home for supper. It's boring, Father, but it is an inevitability of our existence. Gods will be born and will either be worshipped and be merciful to their children, or they shall bring about The End of Days. I don't want to be worshipped, and the End of Days is the name I think I'll choose for myself. So without further ado: FATHER. SNAP YOUR NECK."
My hands rise to my head, but I steel myself, and stare her down. She smiles a dead smile at me. I resist the control just enough to tell her,
"You should know, before I do this: the 2 mother of the first hero ever just passed away, they're telling me on my Comlink. The father died a few years back. Here's the interesting part: as soon as she died, that first hero ever did too. Know what that means? If the parents die, so does the Hero.
Goodbye, my child."
I stop resisting, and before The End of Days can tell me to stop, I snap my neck. As my life leaves me, I see my child slump to the floor with me. My vision fades.