It had been so many days and nights and nights and days - I should have kept a calendar of sorts, but that doesn't mean anything to anyone anymore. All I know it's that the third Spring is finally coming. The third year after *Z. Coli* managed to infect upwards of 95% of the population, rendering blood and flesh to gore and rot. The dead are demented versions of their former selves, but the living lives in shadows. What a life that is.

I sighed. At least I figured out a way to live. Minimal noise, self-sufficiency. Some like to stay with the main group remaining in South End, but I'm content staying in my school's library. I don't like to rely on others, and one mistake some stupid person makes can spell the end of me. I've watched *The Walking Dead*, I know how that goes.

I have no heating (it's ok, I took all my deceased classmates' Canada Goose jackets and made forts) and I hate how horribly lonely it gets, but the labyrinth of books helps me find purpose sometimes. Whatever that means. I've spent a lot of days just laying amidst shelves and shelves hoping one of the Zombies would get me, but my wish was not granted. I want to live; everytime a Z trips a wire, I just had to go and kill it. I can't let myself die.

At least it's Winter so it doesn't smell like shit all the time.

\---

I hate it when I procrastinated so much I knew I had to do something.

I didn't learn. You see, 2 years ago, I was a college senior studying biology, and I would always wait until the absolute last minute to study or to complete my an assignment, citing some bullshit like *diamonds are made under pressure.* It's dumb, but I always just had to wait till the last minute to stockpile on water and food.

Water's not that hard to get during Winter: you just get a bucket and climb on top of the library (yup, I've taken control of my school's library - always thought the building was a monstrosity of pretentious brick wall and vines, but the security comes in handy now) and melt the snow. But food is tough. You have to make sure to find something uncontaminated. No more meat for me aside from packaged jerkies. Canned fruits and vegetables are rare treats, and most days, I munch on packages of biscuits and cans of soup. Since I waited so long, I had to get food today so I don't risk running out in bad weather.

Some days I do wish that I stay in one of the colonies for the heat for my food, but that Puritan-like lifestyle is not for me. Not like I'm missing much anyway - the only other big thing going on for them is dairy, and I'm lactose intolerant.

So you see, I have to raid stores around for canned goods. It shouldn't be hard, but Cambridge is - used to be - full of rich people who liked fresh foods. I had to go down to Porter Square to grab the cans from Star Market. Rite Aid was closer but I already ate through what they still had. Not only am I a dumb ass I'm also a fat ass, obviously.

\--

What comes next is quite confusing.

I did what I usually come to do: I started once day breaks, and I wrapped my body in duct tape and a 15th-century chain-maille armour (courtesy of the history department, thanks) before putting on a bikers' helmet. I crawled out from my barricade in the basement with my backpack, checked the entrances for breaches, and left the library for my usual path down Mass Ave with my axe in hand.

I used to be an even dumber survivalist early on, but learned to avoid the entrances to the T subway now. Avoid dark areas where I can't see, got it.

When I finally made it down there, I picked up a rock with ease. Mustering all my strength, I chucked the rock to the far side of the Star Market, crouched down low, and waited. *One minute, two minutes...* Nothing. Those motherfuckers are slow, but not that slow. I'm good.

I climbed on the side carefully, checked the tautness of the rope I strung before, and hoped in from the corner I dug. Pro tip: with these things,  you want to keep the high ground. Don't use weapons that are noisy or ones that have a kickback you can't control. Observe carefully. Honestly, I wasn't in the best physical shape when this just started, but I quickly learned that you only need to think before you act to stay alive.

I scanned around. Looked all good. Great. So I then marched down to the canned foods section. *Canned peaches - nope, gotta save that for when it gets colder and I hate my life more, but I can treat myself to some canned pears. More Cheez-Its, god, I hate those things now. There's still a whole section of packaged candies, what if I--*

"Holy Shit!!" I screamed. From on top of the shelf, a man - no, a Zombie, fell on top of me. Its shoe nailed me right in the eye, but that's not the worry some part. Its face is dangerously close to my knee and my thigh, and it is inching closer to take a bite. I had some barrier on, but I knew it doesn't do that much in terms of protection. Oh my god, I don't want this to be the end of me, getting bitten because I wanted a god damned Hershey's bar.

Panicking, I bite into its ankle, the little bits of exposed skin above its sock. Why did I even do that? Did I think he would stop in pain? It has no nerve. Beyond tasting 2-year-old rotting flesh, I could have been infected from that transaction. Oh my god. I've been so careful, what's gonna happen to me?

I tried my best to shake it off and scurry back, but at that moment, I realized that it was no longer trying to bite me. It was coughing - as if it's taking in the air and had functional lungs! I'd never seen anything like this, and I wonder if I thought wrong: that this was actually a man, not a Zombie. But it couldn't be. It tried to bite me, I swear, and it has an eye dangling out of a socket and smells like a corpse.

But it kept coughing. It coughed and groaned, and as it looked at me in the eye, I picked up my axe to swing towards its head.

"Wait," it croaked. I stopped cold. "What is happening?" He blinked, and became alarmed when he saw the axe in my hand. Lady, what are you doing? What is happening? What happened to my eye? Holy f--"

I pointed the axe to his throat.

"First of all, shut the fuck up. Second of all, what the fuck?"