The most difficult part of pulling off a Hitler kill is to record it. After the kill, you have to come back and stop yourself from leaving to the kill in the first place. Thus, I'm not sure how I killed Hitler. I have a vague idea of how I'd do it, but here I am holding a tape of it handed to me by my future self, who has since become nonexistent after handing me the tape. My future self was even kind enough to format and edit it for me, perhaps knowing that his time spent doing so was in fact saving himself (me) the actual work of doing it. 

As we all know, time-impervious videos must be recorded on Schrodinger's tape. It could be any kind of media, really, but VCR's work the best because they are the easiest to manufacture. The tape essentially records a few hundred different versions of the event in question into a polymer film coated in radioactive isotopes with a very short half life (usually 1-2 days). Any video recorded on the film must degrade quickly enough that the film is essentially garbage to any non-temporal media player by the time the return trip is made. Once a return trip is made the tape is immediately copied onto an identical tape, which then creates an actual permanent copy of the events that may or may not ever occur. However, the only wait to view the contents of this tape are to play them at Time Travel Headquarters in New Brunswick. They have a purpose-built time machine there that actually temporarily alters the past using inserted media as a focus point. Thus, none of us in the competition know exactly how we killed Hitler until the tape is played in front of all of us. 

The way I killed Hitler was much, much different than I had planned. I was going to drug Eva Braun and implant a muscle actuator in her right arm, having her literally rip Hitler's dick off at the touch of a button during their first sexual encounter. I would probably record the whole thing through a 0.01mm hole in the wall using an optical filament. This is not what happened.

After the tape was popped in the machine, those of us in the auditorium were still talking about how good the last kill was (The guy before me snuck into one of the tanks participating in the parade during Hitler's famous speech, hitting him dead center with a 75mm shell blowing him up like a hotdog in a microwave). The video crackled to life and I could immediately tell something was wrong. The video was of an open field. No Hitler in sight.  Murmering began to spread through the crowd as a man walked in front of the camera, hands tied and kneeling on the ground. It was me. 

I had a look of horror on my face as I started talking in a quivering voice to the camera. Hitler found my time machine. He found me. Another man walked onto the camera holding a Luger 9mm. It was Hitler. He stood behind my kneeling self and put the gun against the back of my head. He started talking in German to the camera, then yelling. The camera panned left to my time machine. The auditorium was silent. One of the biggest taboos in the history of time travel, an atrocious catastrophe that could doom our current reality and erase our very existence was unraveling before us. Then, there was a gun shot. 

Everyone waited for myself to fall over dead, but he didn't. Hitler collapsed forward, on top of my kneeling self's back. I didn't understand. No one understood. Suddenly, the camera panned back again. It was my face "SURPRISE BITCHES!" My kneeling self was obviously taken from a different timeline and had no idea the other me was there as well. I had performed a paradox kill. The entire auditorium jump up, giving me a standing ovation and cheers of excitement Some people were still in shocked disbelief at what I had done. I was about ready to shit my pants, even knowing beforehand that the kill had been successful by the mere fact I received the tape. 

But for one moment, everyone in the auditorium was unsure. I sparked fear and uncertainty in our hearts, something we had not gotten to feel for many years since time travel had been perfected. I amazed even myself. 
