This set in my fantasy series, Quinton. Enjoy!

Ashley pawed around the floor for those bullets. 

“Where are they?!” He said to himself. 

“Where are the soldiers is what I want to know!” Lady Violet said handing him the bullets. I’m out, but keep that thing loaded!”

Ashley shoved the rounds into the shot gun and chambered a round. He looked over the large desk. 

“I hope cartography didn’t want that map back.” He said pointing the gun. 

“Why?” 

“The Llama just vomited out what used to be a agricultural map of the Verdance. And now he’s trying to chew on a map of one of the free cities. Some clue to find His Majesty.”

“You stay here and wait for the soldiers, I’m going for the 7 of clubs.” Lady violet said kicking off her shoes. Her day suit was unbuttoned to reveal her taupe blouse. She pocketed her fine jewelry and shoved her bag over to Ashley. “Keep that, I’m off to the Imperial Library. That’s where the next clue is.”

“Ok, fine, but stay safe.” Ashley intoned. Lady Violet stood up and screamed. “Stop that! Don’t punch a high priestess!” She pointed at the offender. 

“Bye!” And she ran off down the long hallway towards the elevators. She stepped into the first car. The attendant had fled and she selected B4. The elevator car began its journey to B4 and soon let her out in a beige corridor. She started walking following the signs towards the library. She kept walking in the bland space. 

“It’s much longer to walk all the way there than drive.” Her voice echoed in the space but she persisted. She reached a bank of elevators and started her journey up again. The elevator stopped at the 3rd floor reading room. It was hushed compared to the chaos at central cartography. 

32-47-145. She walked among the readers but bolted out running as soon as she could and arrived at the entry. 

“The Collected History of Quinton while under Bearalian Occupation.” She read the title, “Not exactly beach reading.” She thumbed through the pages and found the card. She turned it over. 

“Come alone to North Canal st. 8 pm. Your Friend, K.”

Lady Violet pocked the card, replaces the book and started her exit of the library. She ran through the revolving doors and into the afternoon sun light of the city. The Avenue was choked with traffic. She looked down the Imperial Mall. The Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure was mobbed with soldiers. She walked towards the building through the traffic. Her mind races with possibilities. Was Ashley ok? What were they going to do with that Llama? She passed the row of buildings, each ministry had people standing outside pointing at the commotion. She kept walking and soon was close to the MTI. 

“Ma’am, this area is off limits.”

“Not to me.” She held up her Clandestine Service badge.

The soldier let her through. She searched the crowd for a sign of Ashley. After several moments she spotted him walking out with a group of soldiers.

“Ashley!”

“Lady Violet!” He jogged over, his arms full of her shoes and bag, the gun slung over his disheveled uniform. “Did you get it?”

“Yes! There’s a meeting, North Canal st at 8 pm.”

“Good we have time.” He handed her her bag and shoes. 

“Where’s the Llama?” She said stuffing her feet into the green shoes.

“I shot the damn animal.”

“That’s.....unfortunate.”

“Only for him.”

“Today has been a weird day.” Lady Violet said leaning against the smooth body of a military truck.

“Let’s requisition a car and get to Canal St.”

“Alright, let’s go see the Imperial motor pool, they’ve got the better cars.”

Ashley adjusted his gun and they started walking down the Mall. 