If not for my speed, I would be totally fucked.

Sure, the 80's and 90's were great. I was turned at Studio 54 right before the decline. Most people would have been horrified by the experience, but for me, I had never known such great relief.

The doctors told me I had caught the gay cancer, well, they didn't exactly call it that, but I could see the term, bubbling and brooding behind the wet paper skin of his withered old face.

All the drugs. The sex. It had all caught up to me. I still haunted the studio. It had become my primary social outlet, I said hi to Jill, the bespeckled old barmaid and spied an older woman approaching me from the back of the room.

She told me she could tell I was sick and she told me I was much too beautiful to go just yet.

She told me she had something for me, a cure. She said it was in her purse at the booth, took my hand and led me to back where the light dared not venture.

She attacked me with kisses and I feared for her life.

No.

Don't do it.

I'm poison.

Stay away.

Then she bit me as her hand sealed my mouth. I cried out into her palm and tried to pull away. Her strength had me bound as though she were a structure built to seal me in.

Now she lives in Portland and she has a cat named Molly.

Good thing vampires can't carry STDs.

Since then, my life went back to normal, well, kinda.

Still had that hunger, then there was the issue of what to do about it. I've always been a pacifist. I checked the box "conscientious objector" on the selective service sheet I signed at the DMV.

I was an organ donor.

Now, I'm the one looking for donors.

It was never easier than in the 90's, there was always some kinky chick in Goth gear pushing me up against a back wall.

More than once, they even ASKED me to drink their blood.

Eventually, things got desperate and I had to resume my usual methods of bite and bolt.

I regret biting a few homeless who asked me for change.

Now I'm paying for my transgressions.

The silver spires of New Jersey rise before my like the spines of a hedgehog and I see my target.

He landed in the park, a small space set aside for the few remaining trees left in the city. He's alone, that's all that matters, and I'm starving, which matters too, but the question I'm asking is how I approach this.

When you grab hold of an electric fence and go flying twenty feet back, that's not the electricity pushing you back, it's your OWN STRENGTH.

Eventually, a bunch of egg heads got together and figured out the human body could be made stronger with a suit that delivered little shocks.

I gotta be careful.

I don't let him see me (luckily he's not using AR 360) and I come in from behind.

I take the bite and pull out as much as I can before he swats me away.

Now I'm in a tree, hiding.

That's right, I'm basically a mosquito at this point.

He knows what I did and he knows what I am. Tough to keep a secret these days.

The sun is on its way and all I have to show for this night is the few meager drops still on my breath.

Another wasted evening.

Still, it's enough to keep me going for a bit.

I've been staying at the Chiba lounge most nights. Life without a permanent home is unnerving. These days, only the rich own homes and I lost my fortune in the great collapse of 2021.

Who could have known coffins would be the standard method of sleep? Makes sense when space is money and you can fit ten coffins in a single room.

My hands grip the corner of a spiral building as I make my way back. Daylight incoming and time is running out.

Shit. Two vampire hunters, straight from the vatican, are heading right towards me in their white robes and their green helmets. Their jetpacks may make this close.

This isn't good.