The doors were jammed. 

I kicked at them in an attempt to open the capsule. They opened after a few hits, and I tumbled into a greenish glow. It smelled awful. And there were soft thuds on the ground every few seconds, like children sneaking around. 

At first I thought something had gone horribly wrong, that I’d ended up in some sort of limbo between the past and the future. But then I realized that the lights were just green. They seemed to be backup lights, as they were rather dim and were only present on some parts of the walls. They cast light onto some corners of the room, including a one-word apology written directly underneath one of the bulbs. There was a small stack of papers on a desk nearby as well as a coffee machine.

Well, don’t mind if I do.

I struggled to cross the room, as the green lights only lit up the edges of the laboratory. The center of it was a sea of black. And I kept tripping on what felt like sleeping dogs. Very large dogs, at that. I couldn’t see what they actually were though.

When I got to the other side of the room, I found that the apology on the wall looked like it was scribbled with pencil. Each letter was made up of multiple gray streaks, giving it a static-y sort of look. It was also kind of creepy. What were they sorry for?

I figured that the technicians would tell me when they got back from wherever. I tried to brew coffee to make the wait until then more enjoyable, but the machine didn’t work. It was plugged into the wall, though. It seemed like the power had gone out. That sucked. So I settled for reading the papers underneath the apology in the meantime. They were yellow and worn, as though a lot of time had passed since they’d first been produced.

The first one was something with the year 2018 on it, but there were some tally marks next to that. Eight. The marks also seemed to be written in pencil. The paper read:

*Operation Finale*

*ASSIGNMENT: Soldiers have been tasked with greeting and escorting the lost subject from the time machine pod into the safehouse section of the laboratory. They must then lure The Dancer into the time machine pod so that it can be sent back to its place in time and restore order to the system.*

*CONTEXT: Following the incident where The Dancer returned to our lab after the twelve-hour period instead of the lost subject, many of our technicians have been killed and unusual phenomena related to time have begun to take place. These circumstances will likely only grow worse; therefore, this operation is to be continued indefinitely, for there are much greater things at stake than our pride.*

At this point, I started to feel sick. I had no idea what “The Dancer” was, or why it was the one to be sent twelve hours into the future instead of me. Where—*when*, I mean—was I, then? And was that thing still here? I flipped to the next paper hoping for answers.

It was a layout of the laboratory, which included the location of the safehouse. Very useful. After that was a blueprint of the time machine. Apparently there was a button inside that I could have pressed to open the doors in case they got stuck. I wished that the technicians had told me that *before* sending me twelve hours into the future. 

Although I was starting to think that I was deeper into the future than that.

I took a look at the next page. It said “2020” in the upper right corner and contained a drawing depicting a creature with more heads and legs than a regular organism should have. There were heads—heads that looked like *children*’s heads— fused together on the top of its torso and on the bottom, and there were legs where arms should have been. There were legs on top of the heads, like horns. There were legs protruding from its stomach and back. There were legs *everywhere*. And all of its feet had ballet shoes on it. 

There were some notes on the side of the paper as well. 

“Soft footsteps—irregular thumps.”

“Intelligent—capable of locating power source and destroying it.” 

“Drawn to sounds—*stay quiet*.”

“Attacks with legs, but can utilize heads as well.”

I didn’t know why anyone would be devising creepy creatures to pass the time in a laboratory. Until I saw that the bottom of the paper had the words “The Dancer” printed on it. 

Oh, *hell* no. 

If *that* was the thing that had gotten loose, I didn’t want a part of it. 

Except I didn’t have a choice. 

I realized that the gentle, irregular thudding from before had grown louder. And closer.

It was a few feet in front of me, hidden in the sea of black. 