I once promised Lilly that I would go to hell and back for her. I only had that job to get enough cash to build a college fund for her. I had to make sure my little girl one day would travel out of the hellhole we where living in. 

Then one day I got a kink gig it seemed, oh well I though it’s not my kind of game but the cash was to good to pass up.  So I though, how wrong I could had been.  If only I had trusted my gut feeling, but il make them pay for all the tears, blood and time I lost.   

I don’t even remember how many I have killed to reach where I am now. It took me years of killing and climbing the ranks.  

When I got to my new master he first sold me as a exotic whore.  I ripped the gels from a fish humanoid, my owner was very surprised.  But as he was wanted I owned my first 200 ISK, 5% of the bounty.  After that my master sent me to the arena.  I cried for Lilly and killed every opponent I met always betting on my self.  

I didn’t buy my freedom when I could.  I continued to fight,kill and bleed. I only spared Garlax’es they are basically a slave cast here (where ever here is), I don’t kick down, I kick up.  

My master didn’t see what I was doing.  When I had enough money I took action, that poor Garlax he didn’t know what happened he won,I lost the match but I won everything. 

I had betted on a Garlax, betting on him not killing me.  He didn’t.  

Now I was the riches in this part of the galaxy.  I bough my freedom.  I bought the Garlax’es freedom and I brought the masters to there knees.  My eyes turned on Terra, Lilly I wanted her and I wanted revenge for Smiths betrayal.  

My fleet of ships under the command of Sha’sh to who I lost my only match is now 
About to exit subspace and come in to SOL system.  

I continue to dig furious in my boxes of belongings, where did i put it.  Aaah there it was, i cracked a smile and took the leather leash in my hands and walked towards the bridge. This day I will get what I want or bombs will start to fall.  

As I entered the bridge I told my communication officer send out to the fleet battle station before exiting sub space.   Then once we are out I want a message sent directed to Tellus on all channels.  The ship rocked as realities shifted and we entered normal space.  And C’Sis told me they are open.  
I opened my mouth and the words started to flow. 

Citizens on Earth, I am Cassandra and I have come for two things. Lilly and Agent Smith. Deny me any of those and you will suffer.  Stand down your forces and accept my terms or the consequences will be dire.  Any aggression will be met swiftly, this is your first and  final warning.  

The ball was in there park now. Let’s see how it pans out.  

None native English writer, feedback appreciated.  