Paeris threw open the doors and hastily stepped out onto the veranda and beyond. Even in his haste his movements were smooth and measured, like that of a dancer. The fine, emerald green robes fluttered about him and the floral patterns embroidered in gold danced in the sunlight.

Upon stepping fully into the sun Paeris narrowed his eyes at the sudden brightness, and the frown on his delicate features sagged lower still. With a sharp tutting sound he gestured back towards the foyer and waited, foot tapping in incessantly.

A woman came hurrying out of the house, clutching a large parasol to her chest. As she stopped at his side and began to struggle with the sunshade Paeris felt his upper lip curl into a sneer. Compared to his silk finery the rough cloth adorning the woman was little better than the tattered rags the field hands wore. Fitting attire for help with such a lack of skill, he thought.

"Do hurry up with that blasted shade." He snapped, his voice somehow lyrical even as his temper rose.

"Y-yes, mi'lord." The woman stammered, and finally managed to right the parasol and place Paeris' fair skin back out of the sun.

"Took you long enough." He huffed before setting off down the manicured path. The woman hurried after him, shuffling under the weight of the parasol.

After finding himself back until the sun's glare Phaeris was forced to slow his gait to match the poor woman's. He had a mind to reprimand his servant but stopped himself. As much as he could try to hold it against her, she couldn't change her frumpy stature.

The woman was short, even for a human, with a body like the sack of flour her dress reminded Phaeris of. Dull brown hair framed stunted ears and a round, ruddy face that glistened with sweat from a combination of exertion and the midday sun. Phaeris subconsciously ran a pair of slender fingers down the length of his own, pointed ear and pitied the poor thing for being born so plain.

The woman caught his stare and looked up at him expectantly. 

"Need somethin' mi'lord?"

Phaeris recoiled in disgust and quickened his pace. As they walked they passed the great fields that dotted the Elreith plantation, sparkling as ripe stalks of grain danced in the slight breeze. Human field-hands worked out in the fields, bent almost double in the harsh sun as the reaped bushels of grain with short sickles. At the edges of the fields sat men on horseback, watching the workers in the fields with bored dedication. They bore the same tall, slender builds as Phaeris but were dressed more appropriately for the outdoors in loose shirts, riding breeches and wide-brimmed hats.

Upon spotting them, one of the riders set his horse into a canter and came over to them.

"Master Phaeris." The overseer said with a tip of his cap.

"Where is he?" Phaeris asked. The overseer grunted and pointed to a group of ramshackle huts at the edge of the fields. 

"In his quarters where we found him with his Contraband." He said, spitting.

Phaeris narrowed his eyes at the crude gesture but said nothing. "Well, let's be off then and get this over with."

The hut was a simple thing with no door and a dirt floor crowded with sacks of straw that served as bedding for the humans that slept within. When they arrived a pair of overseers stood over the crumpled form a human male. A sheen of frost covered the man's clothing, his teeth chattering as his wrapped his body around something clutched to his belly.

"So," Phaeris began, withdrawing a scented handkerchief from his robes and bringing it to his nose. "What did our little charge concoct?"

"Well," one of the overseers snarled. "Show Master Phaeris what you have there." He brought a hand, glowing with a pale blue light and grabbed the human behind the neck. He howled in pain and spasmed under the overseer's grasp, the skin of his neck blistering and turning blue-white as it flash froze. After a few more agonizing moments the man released the item he tried so hard to protect.

With a flick of Phaeris' wrist the plain wooden box with a wooden handle floated into the air and hung between them. Curiosity getting the better of him he willed the magic flowing through him to turn the handle, causing a soft, tinkling melody to emanate from it. The lid of the box opened to reveal a carved bird, its wings flapping in time with the song.

"A p-p-present. F-for my daughter." The human explained through chattering teeth.

Phaeris snapped a finger and the box slammed into the ground, shattering into a pile of splinters and broken gears. A strangled sob escaped the man's lips as he dove for the box but a swift kick from the overseers behind him sent him to the ground. Before he could react he found his limbs encased in ice, pinning him.

"You know all too well your kind's tinkering is forbidden." Phaeris hissed. "The time you waste on do-nothings and follies could be spent on honest work."

The man shook his head. "This might've been a mere toy, but I learned a lot making this for my girl. The way to make all those gears fit together to do what you want, getting everything to move just so. I was thinking I could do something like it to sort the grain from the chaff. Make things easier on us...and get you your due harvest earlier than ever."

"No!" With a shout Phaeris reached out and a tendril of energy appeared. It lashed out, cracking upon the man's back like a whip. A howl of pain echoed out of the hut and into the fields.

"Your tinkering leads to nothing but treasonous thoughts." Phaeris continued, accenting his words with more strikes from the ethereal whip. "Your damned kind was not blessed with magic...with the power to shape the world around you, so you try to affect your surrounding with these hollow machinations." He pointed to the shattered box on the floor.

"It brings only ruin. And I will not allow it. Not on *my* lands." 

With a wave of his hands he banished the whip and summoned a ball of flame. The orange-red light danced in his eyes cruelly as he tossed it down and consumed the music box in a small pyre.

Turning from the whimpering human below him, Phaeris left the hut with his shade bearer in tow.

***
With matters attended to in his fields Phaeris retired to his study. Reclining onto a plush duvet, he ordered his servant to bring him moonsilk tea before ordering the frumpy woman away. He had dealt enough with humans today, and if he didn't see another for the rest of the week that would suit him just fine.

He brought the fine porcelain cup to his lips and savored the subtle sweetness of the moonsilk on his tongue. The warm, soothing feeling blossomed out from his stomach as the natural sedative calmed his frayed nerves and Phaeris let out a contented sigh. 

*The poor thing may be downright useless at most tasks, but that human could brew a fine cup of moonsilk tea.* He thought as he slipped into slumber.

He awoke from his doze with a start at the sound of banging on the doors to his study.

"Master Phaeris! Master Phaeris!" An excited voice called from the other side of the door. Rising from the duvet he recognized the voice as Syviis, a young page in his service.

"Enter boy, enter!" He called, voice slurring from the last vestiges of moonsilk in his system. Syviis did as he was beckoned, the young elf's uniform a disheveled mess.

"Now Syviis, what is so rightly important to disturb me?" Phaeris asked, fixing the boy with a glare.

"There appears to be a great fire to the east." He replied, pointing out the large windows that overlooked the acreage. Sure enough a thick black pillar of smoke rose into the darkening sky.

"Why, that's coming from the Wyncyne Estate!" Phaeris said with a start. "Quickly, tell the overseers to rouse a gang of field hands to grab buckets and water. We have to he-"

The words died on his lips as he spied movement in the treeline of the woods that marked the border between his lands and those of the Wyncyne. Dark figures emerged, first a few then in their dozens. A cry of alarm died in his throat as a cluster of trees toppled to reveal a giant made of black iron in the shape of a man. 

"H-heretics!" Syviis had found his words before his superior. "This far inland."

As the pair stood dumbstruck a second, then a third giant emerged from the forest and began to join the first in a slow, lumbering stroll towards them. Black smoke belched from stacks erupting from the back of each infernal machine, which combined with the cacophony of their motion to drive the very image of fear into Phaeris heart.

"Quickly, alert the overseers. They must strike before those heretics and their damned golems are upon us!" 



