I usually don't write fantasy so bear with me!

**The Wizard In Glass.**

   “Lord Harkon, Creator of The Fae, Slayer of the Dragon of Gnoss, Savior of the Knod, Scourge of the Visnoth, Father of the Runebreakers. Friend to all lay dying silent to all. Dreaming his final dream. Come all those who he has touched. Come pay your respects!”, called a well dressed crier standing at the doors of a large lavish inn. 

 Hordes of mourners gathered in the common room. Some dressed for battle, with long blades strapped to their backs. Bows adorned with lavish embellishments crossed over the thin frames of the elves, who looked at everything around them as if it was terminally dirty. Dwarves never placing down their battleaxes shouted loudly at barmaids who scurried away from their searching hands. Priests of every race blessed all those who came by young and old alike. Ale and food piled high on any surface large enough for a tray. 

This was the largest gathering the Golden Mare had ever  seen. It was an important Inn, for towering behind it was the City of the Light. Sunstone. It was the only place in the kingdom where true armistice was declared all races put their battles aside and conducted commerce, diplomacy or just had a little relaxation. The golden mare was far enough out of the bustle of the city that it drew a sizeable crowd even on its slowest days. Mostly travellers moving from the safety of Sunstone toward the wilds of Dimdark, a legendarily haunted wood, a dangerous place yet the hunting was very profitable. 

 The gathered here to pay their respects to Lord Harkon. A legendary wizard who some say is older than time itself. His spells weaved into every facet of life in Ramador,  his incantations powered the gnomes machines giving them an ethereal life they did not have before. He taught the Dwarven Runebreakers how to construct metals that would turn even the most powerful blades. In turn their crafting of armour for the Kelari Sentinels turned the tides of the longest running war in history.  A long and bloody war with the Visnoth, a great and terrible race of lizardmen who feasted on their kills.  The Fae owed their lives to him, without his magic fueling the Lifestone in their grove they would have vanished from Ramador all together, wandering the ethereal void for eternity lost and alone. 

The gathering lasted for many hours deep into the night as the wizard slept for the final time. Just before midnight the doors opened with a burst. Four figures entered, Harkons closest allies. A Dwarf, two elves one leading a curious wolf, and a rather small gnome who was  hard to focus on as if she existed not of this world. 

Vonselv the dwarven WarriorPriest, his armour pulsed with magical power, the finest Runebreaker armaments  in the land, his warhammer held in his left hand, a glimmering shield of almost pure light flooded the Inn. He moved swiftly to the bar, parting the crowd with little effort. He slammed his fist down. 

“ALE, and not that pisswater you serve the elves either.”, his voice bellowed vibrating the air with raw power. 

“Von please be civil Harkon is on his last breaths we need to do this now.”, spoke a soft ethereal voice from behind him, it softened the dwarf immediately. 

She was the personification of beauty, An almost impossibly tall elf, adorned in a robe that seemed more a part of her than clothing. Her hair was a brilliant amber that moved as if the air itself could not hold it, dancing in around her. She carried no weaponry and her only accessory was a large tome adorned with religious imagery that calmed those who gazed upon it.  A Priestess of the High Elves. Thier spells would heal the most grievous of wounds, and calm the darkest of hearts. She placed her hand on the dwarves shoulder and gave him a thin but gentle smile. One often shared between life long allies. 

“I know how much  Harkon means to you but the work we have to do here is important. He will never truly leave us”. She continued. 

“BA! Save your pious speeches for the elves!”

The other elf, dressed in the simple clothes of a tracker, was petting his wolf at the door, and motioned it to lay by the fire. He moved with determined grace all elves posses moving to the stairs leading to the Inns rooms. 

“Synjari its time.”, he said gesturing to the priestess. He glanced back looking for the gnome. She silently followed.

Imogen was her name. She was known and feared throughout Ramador. Some called her a witch, she preferred to be called a Warlock for her work involved harnessing demons. She found the term more elegant. Her skills were very useful to Harkon’s work. Magic did not operate on a typical moral compass. Good and Evil were all a matter of perspective and when dealing with Demons opportunity and mutual benefit were of the utmost importance. Imogen had a knack for dealing with them. 

Upstairs was lavish, each door was different, some were great powerful doors that looked as if they could withstand an army. Others simple and unadorned, while some seemed to be made of living wood. They moved past onlookers to the room that Harkon kept on retainer. It was a grand door, too large for the hallway it was set in yet small enough that Imogen could reach the handle comfortably. They walked through. 

It lead to a pocket dimension of his own making. A massive staircase stood in front of them, decorated with runes on every surface, in colours that defied explanation. It bled raw magical power. Electrifying the air around them.

“I don't like this, the magic is unstable here. We could be trapped”, said Imogen, her high voice did not hide the confidence in her words. 

“As long as Harkon breathes the magic will obey.”, reassured Trazere the tracker. 

Atop the staircase stood an impossibly tall tower, made of shining ivory. Its surfaces captured every light and cast it back ten fold making it seem to glow. It was windowless and had only a single door which was as wide as the entire group shoulder to shoulder and three times as tall. They made their way through the door to the antechamber.

“WELCOME TRAVELERS TO THE TOWER OF THE MAGI” A booming voice came from all around them. They ignored it as if they had heard it a thousand times over.

The chamber was huge and was decorated with giant mirror like surfaces on each of its eight walls each depicting a different image. A vast firey mountain, a lush forest, a bustling city, a desert enclave. In the center of the room was a large marble slab and on top of it lay Harkon. He was aged in a way that spoke of his fragility yet carried an aura of power only time and experience could grant. His robes were elegently tailored, every stitch was perfect. Symbols adorned the breast in the finest embroidery that seemed to be made from blue flames that danced over them. Around his neck was a large pendant in the shape of an unblinking eye. The Eye of Telaaar. The source of his great power. It could never be removed. The magic in it would not allow it.

Until today. 

Synjari circled the Wizard looking at him with adoration and respect. She placed her hand on his chest and chanted in a dialect human lips could not recreate. A soft glow circled him piercing his body. Vonselv joined her, his magic was more brutish as was all dwarven magic. His eyes were sad. 

“He will not wake.”, Synjari mournfully declared. 

“Is there nothing we can do?”, the tracker queried feeling hopeless.

“Move! Death is my expertise.”, the gnome pushed her way past them. Yet upon seeing the Wizard her face grew dimmer behind her veil of shadows. “his soul… is gone… how...” 

“My dear human deaths are absolute when age overtakes them. You cannot run from it forever and Harkon has lived for eons.”

“Let us finish this then.” the tracker noted abruptly picking up a large bag at the end of the marble slab. “Secure the eye dwarf.” 

Vonselv grasped the eye with both hands and began to concentrate. Amber waves of light passed from his head into the amulet embracing it. The air around them grew electric. Waves of power pushed back on them. The amulet did not want to leave the wizard without a fight. Sweat poured from Vonselv’s brow and inch by inch the amulet submitted, It was time to go. With one powerful tug he removed it from the clasp. The blue flames around the amulet dimmed until they were finally extinguished.

“Stubborn to the last that one.” The dwarf noted grinning at the wizard, whose body was slowly fading away.

“We must go. Now.”, Synjari alerted. 

With haste the party made their way back to the door as the Ivory Tower slowly faded from existence becoming only a memory  of a distant life. They arrived back in the Inn to no fanfare, the door to the pocket dimension was gone. Synjari looked toward Vonselv and nodded. 

“We have to get the amulet to the Temple of Ro. It isn't far from here.” 

The party made their way through the Inn, which was empty of all onlookers, no mugs of ale to be seen anywhere. All the trays were gone and the Keeper was behind his desk idly toying with a small leatherbound book. 

“Shall I keep a room for you master dwarf?”, he asked in a jovial voice.

“No, we wont be back for some time.”, he responded tossing a small bag of coins at him.
