It hurt my head just to attempt to remember.  To remember... well, anything that happened more than a week ago.  The doctor's explanation was that my brain had been bruised and was swollen, which was why I couldn't see anything for a day or two after the wreck; something to do with pressure on the optical nerve.  I don't know.  But a bruised brain shouldn't *hurt*.  It has no nerve endings with which to feel pain, that much I do know.  Nevertheless, recollection seemed to cause me physical pain.  All I wanted was to remember where I was driving to on the afternoon of the accident but I was treated to a stab in the old medulla instead.  Perfect.  

I rocked myself to the left side of the bed and slowly, gingerly lowered my leg to the carpet.  No pins or screws, thankfully, but I had broken two bones, so it was tender.  I leaned heavily onto the cheap cane the hospital had given me as I hobbled over to my writing desk.  Thanks to some strong medication I avoided passing out from pain during the transition.  

The fire department had sent me a box containing whatever personal effects were salvageable from the car.  The owner's manual, a tire pressure gauge, some coins, two CDs in cracked jewel cases (how 90's of me, I thought, to still be using physical media), and the forward-facing dash camera I'd mounted to the rearview mirror when I bought the car two years back.  A prudent move, in my opinion. 

My lawyer had left a note on the desk next to the box:

"James - make sure you get me that dashcam footage you discussed for the lawsuit.  Sooner is better than later."

I didn't remember how the accident happened, exactly, but the car had been T-boned in the driver's side at an intersection by a dump truck.  So, naturally, I asked my lawyer to look into filing a civil action.  Considering how careful a driver I am, I found it inconceivable that I might be at fault.  

Might as well review the video before sending it off to the lawyer.

One minute in, I knew I had a problem. 

The footage was of the hood of the car and the road ahead, always.  I never wanted a camera looking at me while I drove, just something watching what was happening in front of the car to cover my ass.  Five minutes before the crash, the car was rolling serenely down 4th Avenue.  Nothing out of the ordinary. 

*But the audio.*

There was a voice in the car.  A voice that was not mine.  Which is absurd; I was on my way home from work, I live alone, and I don't carpool.  I don't even have any friends.  Who the hell was in my car?  I tried thinking back, tried to remember, but I just got a blank mental image and a punching sensation in my head.

"I am tired of looking at your face, James," the voice said while my car turned into Chestnut Street. 

Is that an Irish accent?  

"Every damned day, I see it, and every day I want to punch it."

I still couldn't recall who might have been in the car with me.  I didn't even *know* any Irish men, much less gave one a ride somewhere on a daily basis.  This was extremely creepy.  I couldn't help but think there was a connection between this strange guy in my car and the accident.  I paused the video and leaned back in my chair, trying, painfully, to remember this person.  Was my brain so damaged from the wreck that I'd completely forgotten about him?  Did selective amnesia like that even exist?

I decided to finish watching.  I had to see what happened.  The unfamiliar voice in the car continued berating me:

"...And you're irresponsible, too.  Also, remind me, James: when was the last time you got laid?  Or even talked to a woman in a bar?  Three years?"

The car rounded a corner and approached the intersection. 

"I mean, man, you and I need to come to an understanding  or something.  But... well..."

The voice trailed off as my car halted in front of the stop sign at the intersection of Highland and Monroe.  It sat there for a few seconds, during which time only the low throb of the engine could be heard.  It was silent otherwise.  The pause seemed unusually long, and tense.  

After what felt like an hour (even though it was only a few seconds) the car moved forward to cross Highland Avenue.  Then there was a tremendous crashing sound and the video feed cut out.  The audio continued for another five minutes or so, but nothing was said between the moment of the crash and when the firefighters cut open the car and pulled me out. 

I turned off the video player and leaned back in the chair again, bewildered.  A million questions fluttered through my mind, none of which I could answer.  My head was now throbbing.  From overexertion, I guessed.  And the medication might have begun to wear off.  I gently pushed myself up from the desk chair and returned to the bed, wondering how I could possibly give this video footage to my lawyer, knowing there was someone else in my car at the time of the accident.  I knew, though, that I needed a clear head to properly analyze this problem, so I lay down and quickly fell asleep again. 

. . . . . 

Connor woke up to a dark bedroom.  He reached across the pillow and flipped the switch on the lamp that sat atop the nightstand.  His head hurt.  The accident hadn't done his body any favors, but James' car was relatively new and very safe.

He swung his lower body out of bed and immediately crumpled to the floor, forgetting about the newly-damaged leg.  Smirking ruefully, he gave his thigh a hard flick with his finger, which resulted in a sharp stab of pain.  He pulled himself back to his feet and stumbled into the bathroom.  

Connor ran the faucet, leaned over the sink, and splashed his face.  The cold water was a shock to his skin, but he needed it to help clear the grogginess.  Grabbing a nearby hand towel, he straightened up.  After wiping the water off, he gazed at the face in the mirror.  The face he'd come to almost loathe over the years.

*James' face.*

Wincing at the pain in his leg, Connor limped over to the desk and flopped down into the chair with a grunt.  He grabbed the dashcam, pointed it at himself, and turned it on.

"Hey James.  Listen... I'm sorry I tried to kill you."  He looked down at his leg and chuckled.  "*Us*, I suppose.  Thanks to a gloriously irritating commitment to safety standards, I failed.  Regardless, it's time you understood: you're not the only one in *this* vehicle," he explained, gesturing to his body, "and I've been a passenger locked in the back seat for far too long."

Connor leaned back in the chair and sighed.  "You get up, you go to work, you come home, eat, play video games, go to bed, and do it all over again, every day.  I hate your life.  You say you're a loner, that you're uninterested in people, but that's not strictly true, is it?  After all," he tapped his temple, "I can read your mind.  You're just a coward.  You're not living your life, you're retreating from it."

He leaned forward, gazing earnestly into the camera.

"A man can only take so much, James.  So from now on, I'll be driving a little more often.  D'ye hear me?  I'll not be a fucking passenger any longer.  In the meantime, enjoy the ride.  And if you have a problem with this arrangement, I can always finish what I started last week."