“Hey friends, it’s ya boy the Re-Animator!”

A man in a dark robe shuffled into a brightly lit studio set. 

“Lemme ask you something? You got dead batteries pulling up in the house? Of course you do, their everywhere.”

Cuts to a woman opening a closet and being drowned in a sea of batteries.

“Well what are you gonna do withum? Put them in a landfill? That hurts the environment. Keepum in the fridge? That’s stupid. Bring them down to the Re-Animator and I’ll bring them back to life.”

A green light races from his hand and falls over a pile of batteries. As they are struck they jittered and glowed with energy.

“How many times has this happened to you huh? Your backing out of the drive way, paying no attention, and WHAM you hit your kids cat. Now it’s dead and your kids gonna be home in three hours so now what?”

Video plays of large truck running over a cat.

“I tell ya what, you bring that thing down here and get the Re-Animator to bring it back to life!”

A dead cat on a table sits up and is good as new. A warning runs across the screen, “Warning:Re-Animator inc recommends that you seek veterinary services as cats bones will still be broken. 20% chance that Re-Animation process will raise nightmare creature that will murder your friends and loved ones. Never bury animals in the old MicMac Indian Burial Ground. Keep in mind that sometimes dead it beta.

“There’s no limits to what the Re-Animator can do for you. Old Car? BAM good as new. Broken Toaster? BAM like the day it was bought. Dead Marriage? Hey you drag that sack of shit down here and we’ll rekindle that thing in a matter of minutes. Accident drown your baby in the bath? BAM he’s good as new!”

A picture of a fixed car, a working toaster, a couple hugging, and a happy baby being pulled from a bathtub flash across the screen with upbeat music. 

“There’s no limits to what the Re-Animator can do for you. We even do house calls for...

School shooters remorse

Husbands who come home to early

Horse Funerals

Husbands who come home to late

Karaoke related Vietnam Flashbacks

Groupon related accidents 

Craigslist murder spree remorse

Your upcoming manslaughter trial

And much much more.


“So call today for your free consultation. Call in the next thirty minutes and get a Shamwow absolutely free; cause that shit is magic. Here’s how to order.”