Sometimes it happens while I'm at work, sometimes while I'm sitting at home, or taking a shower (though I wish it would happen when he's taking a shower). Today it happened while I was on my lunch break, sitting on a bench in the park watching the squirrels chase each other around.
-This will be peaceful for him to see-, I thought, as I let myself drift into the waves  of switching. 
You see, it starts out small; feeling vibrations in your legs. The vibrations turn to waves the crash through your body, letting you feel every vein and ounce of blood you have. The head rush sinks in and you give yourself to the switch while the waves overcome you and drown you in dopamine.
I open my, well his, eyes and immediately dart them around searching for any and every clue I could find. Ive never seen anything more than his room, his car, and some woods. It's like he knows when it's coming and he's trying to hide something from me. This time though, it's different. I see people, so many people, rushing about; some in business suits, some in Street wear.
I begin to notice the trees, the streets, the benches. He's outside right now where I am! I can see myself sitting on the bench watching the squirrels. I can see myself turning my head around and looking in my direction. He knows it too! We are just a block away, only seperated by a street and grass. Our eyes lock and I feel it. The shockwave that everyone describes when you finally see your other half for the first time. It hit me like a ton of bricks, knocking me to my knees, but he seemed ready for it and starts to run to me. 
The waves are back and I crash back into my own body. My legs are still running. I can see him across the street on his knees, waving at me. He's so handsome, so perfect. Everything I've ever wanted is right here just a few more paces away. He stands up and is waving at me! Throwing his arms around, he must be so excited! -What is he yelling?- I thought, as I run even faster.


There are no waves this time. I'm just there in his eyes. Same street, same park, but a bigger crowd. I can't make his head move, or his eyes move this time, I'm just looking through them. His legs are moving, he's running, there's screaming. 
He looks down and I see me. 
Laying on the ground, limbs twisted and body contorted. A me-sized dent left in the front of the city bus I stepped out in front of. 
My soul being locked to his, I have to see through my soulmates eyes until he dies, unable to move, just watch. 