*just realized I strayed more from the prompt than I intended. Hope it's ok to still be here? *

The time had come. All the years of preparation, testing, failure and success of centered on a singular day. 

It would take almost all day. 23 hours to be exact. Requiring 4 different specialists and surgeons to pull it off. How they managed it went over my head, but scientists were starting to be able to give sight to the blind. 

The potential was discovered 5 years ago, and tests and trials had been ran on multiple types of animals. Last year they reached an astounding 98 percent success rate on every species. 

Tommy had been picked as the first human trial. No. Tom, I gently reminded myself. He may put up with my teasing about him being my Little Tommy, but he was in college, and had his own life.  

While I still play the part of wacky Uncle Dale, I respect and admire who Tom has become. A man like I could never be. Heard and loved by all who saw him, he gives everything he has, to everyone he meets. He knows no such thing as race, can't tell status from a glance. Even me, he easily accepted as family and friend, despite my... condition. Having his sight won't change who he is. 

But it will change everything. 

*************

Tom's mother crowded the bed, despite the protests of researchers and doctors alike. While they wanted to witness scientific history, she just wanted to make sure her baby was ok. I watched from the corner, being as inconspicuous as I could be. 

The bandages came off, and the room exploded into a cacophony of cheers and congratulations. Tom cried seeing his mother for the first time. She cried for being seen. Soon the moment was swept away in the sea of science, marks on paper totaling the progress of years and a new landmark of humanity. 

I watched it all, passive and waiting, till only Tom was left. Finally alone, I listened for what what I knew was coming. 

"Uncle Dale? Are you... are you still there?" Tom's voice was a bare whisper.

Despite myself the corners of my mouth turned ever so slightly upward. He always had this effect on me. From the shadows of my corner, I sent my voice. Projecting it to seem like it was all around, like a voice in your head. 

"Yes Tom, I'm here."

"Oh thank God," Tom said, tension bleeding out of his body. "I mean I knewyou'd still be here... but still. I don't know what I would do without you."

My heart collapsed inside my chest. I drew a shuddering breath, barely managing to whisper, "Everyone loves you Tom, you would be fine".

"But you know me better than my friends, maybe even better than Mom!" Tom replied. "You've always been there for me, no matter what." He drew in a deep breath, and sighed, staring at his hands in his lap. 

"What's wrong Tom?" I asked. This wasn't like him. 

"Its just.... I never imagined what all this could be like. I'll have a face for every voice now, except yours." Tom gritted his teeth, words pouring out of him.  "I know you're just... me. Just in my head. I know it's childish but I want you to be more. More than just a voice. More than my imagination. You are real to me, dammit!" Tom slammed his palm down on the arm of the hospital bed. His shoulders rocked with silent tears. 

My vision blurred and I hurriedly wiped away my tears, but to no avail. I had wanted a human connection, searched for centuries to find the right situation, the right person. Never had I imagined I would connect so much with this beautiful child, this incredible man. I never knew how much he would change me. He deserved the truth. I took a steadying breath, and stopped projecting my voice, letting it come from me, from the corner. 

"Tom, I never wanted this. Never thought it would go this far. But you should know. I AM more."

With that final word I melted out of the shadows, my carapace catching the soft light of the lamp next to Tom's bed. My glowing red eyes filled with tears, my tail drooped in shame. My horns scratched the ceiling as Tom stared at me in shock. 

"Un...uncle Dale?" Tom said, caught between horror and hope. 

"...yes" the word barely audible, but it's weight crushing nonetheless. 

"I wouldn't be able to hide from you forever anymore." I said, "My name is Baal. And I can't stay with you now. I would introduce hell to your life and that's something I just can't do. I'm so sorry."

As I let my body return to my domain, my form losing substance, I looked Tom in the eyes as I spoke our regular goodbye. "I love you Tommy, more than you know"
