Every day he would come to our little town. Every. Single. Day. This big fancy adventurer for some reason came to our dusty farming town and looked around for new things to do to help out the community. Never asking for anything, never demanding a payment; though the elders did insist on rewards from time to time.

 Something just didnt feel normal about him. He would show up, solve some new problem that developed overnight, or for thr past few days, and then just disappear until the next day. There was a widely accepted rule to never follow him, as per his request. Most days he would show up around the same time, though ever week there were a couple days where he would be around for most of the day. No one said anything though, no one questioned it. They just accepted this man as their savior; but I know better than that. So, tonight I will follow him, against the wishes of him and the elders. 

 As he finished up his work for the day, him and the villagers removes the dead goblins from in front of the village gate. He collected his reward from the elders and warmly wished them farewell as he strolled out the gates and off into the distance. I was waiting though, outside of town, off in the treeline I watched and followed. 

 After walking for about fifteen minutes, he suddenly came to a stop and sat down on a log. I watched him, trying to see what exactly he was doing, but when I finally got a clear view, I couldn't beleive my eyes. 

 Words, numbers, arrows; all magically floating in front of him, glowing like fireflies. He touched a few of the arrows beside the word "Strength" and before my very eyes, he seemed to grow a slight bit larger in overall build and muscle mass. I sat dumbfounded watching him, until finally he touched a few more words, and disappeared before my very eyes. 

"What! Wh-Where did he... Where is he?!" i shouted in bewilderment. Quickly jumping up, I rushed over and surveyed the area, hoping to find any trace of the knight who was here but a moment ago. Though nothing could be found, he mearly vanished. Wandering home, I could barely contain the emotions I was feeling.  Bewilderment, Shock, Panic, Fear; all of these feelings were present, but overshadowed by this feeling of satisfaction. That I was right, there was something strange about this man, he had a secret he didn't want anyone knowing about. 

 The next day, he arrived around the same time he always does. I made sure to keep my distance until he had started his daily work, then I made my way over to him. He was saddling up his horse, getting ready to head into the forest to find some rare herbs. 

"Quite the day out, isn't it Sir Knight." I quipped from behind him. He turned around and gave me a welcoming nod.

"Aye, that it is! Also, you needn't worry about formalities, call me Duncan!" He replied with a warm smile.

"Alright Duncan, before you leave though, I have a question for you."

"Oh?" He said with a raised brow, "And what might that be?"

"... What are you, and how did you disappear into thin air last night?"

His smile faded immediately, his expresion replaced with one of confusion and anger.

 "You followed me?... H-How could you?" He said, visably shaken.

I stopped for a second.

"What do you mean? How could I not? You never tell us anyth-"

He cut me off before I could finish, "HOW COULD YOU, YOU CAN'T FOLLOW ME... The program. You can't.. I neve-"

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN? What program? What is a program even?" I shouted back.

He stared at me with a look of disbelief. "You... You're all apart of the program. Your world, is not real."