"Hey," is what the dude's lips told me. He stared at the light from my torch, pupils dilated. His eyes were red rimmed. And he was naked.

I genuinely thought that it was it. I'm drowning. I don't even know when something in my suit went wrong. And now I was facing death himself, beautiful and naked, giant weights twisted around his ankle, more hidden beneath. So death was beneath the ocean surface. At least I had my sub behind me. 

"You know, you're not dead. Not yet anyway. Why don't you go ahead and cut me loose?"

Cut Death loose? Well surely that'd cause an apocalypse and swarms of creatures worldwide will die. All the fish. All of them.

"I'm not death," he calls across.

Well if he's not Death how *the fuck is he reading my fucking mind?*

"You humans are the dumbest of the intelligent bunch, honestly. Do you not know what I am?"

Oh Holy Jesus.

"No."

I must be dying seeing this beautiful naked merman. I thought they'd have fins.

"They don't exist."

I thought I had set a world record down here. And now I'm dead. Forever doomed to talk to Death about nonsensical things. My life is over, its over over over. I'll never be able to see all of the creatures of the deep.

"They're not cooler than me, trust me."

"STOP TALKING TO ME," I snap at the thing.

"You are being ridiculous. Now go fetch some tools from your human machine and cut me loose. I demand it."

Demand it? Is this what---

There was a sudden radiating heat that sent waves of water swirling towards me. I stated at the naked man whose body was glowing orange. I swam back a little, startled, surprised my dead body could still react to stimuli.

"Release me and I'll show you the entire ocean." His voice was shaky and deep like a thud at the moment of the sea floor.

Fear had me at my throat.

"Free me and you will see things no other human has."

Was this the Devil?

"The Devil? What, no. I was pretending to be Death. Look, I'm a vampire, 'kay? Your ancestors threw me down here. I just wanna go back up man. Hey, what the Hell are you--- Oh no you better not get in that mechanical bucket! Hey, you pathetic Human I am speaking to you! Don't you leave, oi!"

I thought it best to leave that thing where it was. 