The hills rolled away in the distance around the old forgotten monument. 

"This is stone henge. It was built over a period of thousands of - please keep an eye on your kids while we're near the stones."

A 3 year old ran under the ropes and made a break for the stones. The parents didn't even realise, nose deep in their phones. 

"Can someone stop that child?"

I loved the history. I hated giving tours. The child slipped and fell. An elderly gentleman hopped over the barrier and brough the now screaming child back.

The mother glanced up.

"What are you doing to my fucking child? Don't go touching him you pedo!"

I could have punched her in the face. I wanted to. Instead I stayed calm.

"Excuse me, but your child ran past the barriers. This man had to stop him because you did nothing. If you can't control your child, please leave."

I waved at security. Both the parents were kicking off now while the kid was left unattended again. I didn't sign up for this.

"Please calm down. I can take you to the side and we can report what happe-"

"Calm down? After he just hit my child? Do you want to get kicked too?"

The rest of the tour backed away. Then I was on the floor. Security had to drag the father off of me. I saw a growing pool of blood. I couldn't move. 

The police arrived. I sat as someone patched me up. Just a broken nose and a few cuts. It could have been much worse; thats what they told me. I wondered what the builders of the henge would have thought; were they turning in their graves? No one respected history and its mysteries anymore. What could have been an ancient shrine, a complex sundial or even just a meeting place had become a tourist attraction treated like a playground.

I stared at the stones.

"If there's a God out there who cares for this place, help me."

Nothing happened immediately, yet as I watched the stones grew dark. It was as if they sucked in the shadows around them. Then my phone rang. An unknown number that appeared to be from London. I answered.

"You called. I can see the necessary blood offering has been made. I must say the prayer is a welcome surprise and you even used your own blood, my favourite sacrifice. It's been centuries since I've had a prayer."

My jaw dropped at the voice. My nose clicked into place. The bleeding stopped.

"Wh-who is this?"

"God of death at your service, and don't worry, the healing is complimentary. Now what's the problem?"