The day I was born was filled with the most horrific of screams. My mother's pain echoed around my little ears, the first thing I ever truly heard, and it struck a traumatic chord in my heart that I have never been able to erase from my memory. My father resented my existence, as my mother was the greatest jewel in his collection, and so did I. Most days I longed for death to caress me and drag me gently down into nothingness. I imagined its touch to be sweet. And I chased after it, devoting my life to understanding death and harnessing its power. 

It was a different time back then. My father was a wealthy Landlord who was also in favor to the King. I attended beautiful parties, had one of the best educations in the land, and was in line to marry the Princess. Most people wished to be me for why wouldn't they? Everyone wants power and position. It seemed absurd that my interest, my temptress, was deaths icy touch.  

I began to isolate myself from the community. Building a little shelter beside the river where I would have privacy to conduct my experiments. Some chose to think of me as a wizard, others deemed me a man gone completely insane, but I saw myself as a Scientist. I had been obsessed with death all my life. I wanted to reduce it to a liquid, or a power, that one could harness and use at will. I wanted to feel it without experiencing it. So that I could die over and over again.

One cold night in the middle of winter, I was alone in my shelter when a little drop of the newest liquid I had created fell onto my fingertips. It was as red as blood and seeped into my skin gently. I tried to shake it off when it began to burn but it marked me like a blood stain and began to consume my entire hand. 

The pain was the most memorable part of the experience. It sucked away my breath, flooded through my chest squeezing my heart until I was shouting and withering on the floor in pain. It seemed death had finally come for me. Poison would be the inscription on my head stone. It was not a gentle touch at all, but a burning that consumed my entire world. Finally I was given the relief I had been seeking. Finally I had experienced the same amount of pain I had caused my mother. Finally I could die knowing I had paid my price. 

When I awoke, sunshine fluttered gently along my cheekbones. I sat up, putting my hand on my forehead and blinking away the sharp, white light. I tried to remember what had happened and where I was. It was beginning to flood back to me when my eyes found their way towards the door. I jumped onto my feet and pushed myself as far back as I could go, knocking over my own instruments and research as I did. 

The figure took a step towards me. She was tall and thin with black lips, grey skin, and the most horrible red eyes. A sly smile crept onto her lips. 

"We meet at last," she said, her voice was raspy and sounded to me much like a talking snake would sound. "You have impressed me Rostam. I have kept a close eye on you." 

I squinted and took a step forwards. 

"Who are you?" 

"I go by many names," she said, "Lucifer, snake, death, the Devil." She began to walk around my little shelter, running her fingers along my life's work. It withered and turned to ash at her touch. 

"So you're here to take me then?" I said, "Take me to the darkness?"

"Well I was," she said, "but it appears that you have slipped beyond my reach."

"What do you mean?" 

"You have accomplished a task I thought only Gods were capable of," she said, "And you have made yourself into an entirely new species. A new version of myself if you will." 

"So am I to die then?" I said, eagerness biting at my tone. 

"You already have." Death said, "But you have also been reborn. I'm afraid you've somehow stumbled into a monstrous immortality." 

"Immortality?" I said. The word was bitter on my tongue. "No! No I want to die not live forever!" 

"This cannot be undone." Death said, "But do not be upset. You have accomplished what you wanted to accomplish. You can experience death over and over again and never truly die. You can crush yourself into a million pieces and be put back together. You will experience an endless, exhausting life full of death and despair." 

I was weeping before I could truly comprehend her words. 

"There, there." Death said, "You will not be entirely alone. When you've had enough, here is my card. Contact me and I will have a job for you that may undo the horrible immortality you have sentended yourself to." 

I looked at the little card. 

"Death. Fires of Hell Rd, Hell. H66 6HH. To contact please fall into a fiery pit and scream "LUCIFER!" or dial 666 666 6666." 

When I looked up from the nonsense on the paper, the Devil had gone and I was alone. I fell to my knees and screamed. I slammed myself into the walls, cut myself with my knives, bleed through the floor boards, but my breath remained. I scared my body, ruined my own research, and drenched myself in posion, but my chest continued to heave. Breathless, I caught my own reflection in a mirror. Red eyes looked back at me, narrowing in anger and despair. My once olive skin was now a pale with a greyish hue. Not only was a banished to live forever, I hardly looked human. And the sun began to burn my eyes. 

I took to the nights, finding comforts in the dark. I watched humans go about their lives, laughing and smiling with rosy cheeks and blood pumping through their bodies. I craved pain and suffering and if I could not have it myself, I would inflect it on others. 

At first I would attack in the middle of the night, killing poor men and women who lived in the streets. Their warm blood called to me and I broke their necks and feasted on their warm, dying blood. But soon I wanted more of a chase. I began to use my own position and power to lure people into my home and kill them at my own dinner parties. I would slaughter families, royalty, anyone who would give me a chase. It was the only thing that kept me alive. Inflecting death was the only happiness I ever experienced. 

Slowly, I began to lose everything that had once been human about myself. I turned into a monster as the years went by and before I knew it I was surrounded by steam engines and electricity. And new challenges to my killing arose. I moved from place to place quickly, building massive homes in the forests and luring people to me. It had become a game I no longer felt like I was inflecting pain or killing. And when I began to lose my empathy, the fun of killing also began to slip away from my grasp. All that I had was life. And my pursuit to death took a different turn. 

When I first met Amelia, I wanted to make her fall in love with me so I could watch the life and love vanish from her eyes. She was the daughter of the sheriff and the object of nearly every man's fancy. She was beautiful with long, blond ringlets and peachy cheeks. She always wore beautiful dresses and swayed when she walked. I wanted to taste her lips and blood. 

On the night I planned to kill her, Amelia and I were sitting alone in my home. I had journeyed to a far away land full of sand and hot sunshine. Her eyes were trusting, but her smile contained a secret I never thought I would discover. 

"My dear Rostam," she said as I leaned close, kissing her neck. "There is something I had been meaning to tell you." I drew away, pushing her hair off of her forehead. 

"What is it my love?" 

"I have been watching you," she said, "I have seen you drag people into the night. I've found the bodies you've hidden and I know what you are." 

I stopped. What was remaining of my ability to feel fear jumped through my pulse. Amelia leaned towards me, extending her neck. 

"I want you to make me like you," she said, "I want to kill. I want to live as long as you have. I want to dance with death as you dance with her." 

I remembered the ingredients to the potion with more ease than I thought I would. I found my way back to that night as if it had happened the day before. When Amelia touched it, she fell. Watching her die caused me more pain than I had felt in many decades. When she awoke, she had changed. 

When she stood, I imagined that we would have along life together. For the first time, I did not wish for death. I found Death's card in my pocket, where I had kept it since I died. I had longed for the moment when I could call Death back to me for so long... I never imagined I might actually enjoy living forever. 

Amelia rushed around the room happily planning our first kill. I followed her happily and tossed the card in the fire as I left. Perhaps I could actually find something to live for. Perhaps I had finally suffered enough. 
