"Your name is Jon Sleet?"

The white-haired man lying in bed blinked furiously from the searing glare of the room's light being switched on. He sat up and rubbed his eyes until some semblance of vision returned. "Who the bloody hell are you?"

"That isn't important right now," replied the cyborg. "If I said I was a T-800 terminator cyborg from the future sent to protect you would look at me as if I were mad."

Mouth agape, Jon Sleet looked at his intruder standing at the door as if he were mad. "I'm sorry, but clearly you've got the wrong room," he said. "This is 301."

"I know," said the cyborg, opening his hand to reveal the small brass letters he'd just ripped from their screws. "301 is where Jon Sleep sleets... Jon Shleet spleeps..." The cyborg gathered himself; he was trained in combat and weaponry, not precise enunciation. "Jon Sleet sleeps," he said carefully, "the woman at the desk told me before I killed her."

Sleet stared at the cyborg with widened eyes. "Look, I don't know who paid you to do this prank on me but..." He glanced at his alarm clock. The red digital letters 3:01 glared back at him. "It happens to be three o'clock and I've got an important news meeting at 6.30."

"Are you Jon Sleet?"

"Yes! But this is preposterous." Sleet reached for the handset on the small mahogany bureau and dialed reception. "Please get me securi-"

He never had the chance to finish before the cyborg strode across the room, batted the phone away and grabbed Sleet by the collar of his pyjama jacket. 
Sleet yelped but he had no chance against the stronger, younger-looking cyborg. The T-800 picked him up like he was a bunch of reeds and virtually threw him out the door. "No time for calls, Jon Sleet," he said. "We leave now. Your life is in danger."

Cowering against the corridor wall, against which he had fallen, Sleet smeared blood from his lip and protested bitterly. "Look, enough is enough. It's very funny, but I need to sleep. Right now, I don't need Arnie fuckin' Schwarzenegger, I need sleep."

The cyborg darted a final look inside the hotel room. As he did so the large plate windows smashed inward and he quickly closed the door.

"Get up, Jon Sleet. Get up. They are already here."

Still cowering, Sleet shook clenched fists. "I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be fucking back. Is that what I'm supposed to say?" he cried. "Look I never said Schwarzenegger was a bad governor, he should just never have given up acting."

"Get up, man," the cyborg roared as he seized Sleet again and threw him in the direction of the closest corner. Just then the wall above the TV journalist exploded in a hail of plaster and regency wallpaper.

"Go, run."

Sleet moaned, a pathetic figure in his red and white striped pyjamas, stumbling about. The cyborg gave his hapless form another shove, strode down the corridor a few paces before turning and emptying his laser pistol at the two tall hooded figures with guns advancing steadily towards them. Both went down instantly, and as the door to 301 opened, the cyborg deftly blasted the similarly hooded and armed figure who appeared at the door. 

"Shit, I'm dead already," the hoodie groaned, before collapsing backwards onto the plush rose-coloured carpet, his gun arm toppling a brass-fixtured Tiffany lamp which smashed in pieces. 

"Shame, nice lamp," the T-800 said.

"Wasn't it?" the hoodie croaked.

"Do you want me to close the door?"

"Please," the hoodie gurgled, before finally succumbing to his cavernous stomach wounds. 

Down the corridor they ran, Sleet and the cyborg. They dove behind the corner, Sleet panting, his back to the wall.

"What the fuck's going on?" he gurgled.

"Croak first," said the cyborg. "Then gurgle."

"What the fuck's going on?" Sleet croaked.

"There's no time to explain." Drawn by a strange odour, the cyborg noticed the patch of urine down the front of Sleet's pyjamas. "But there's more on their way intent on killing you. Can you shoot?"

"W-what?"

Alerted by more heavy footsteps arriving in both directions, the cyborg chucked Sleet his spare laser pistol. "If you can't, better start learning." He poked his head round the corner and delivered half a dozen rapid fire bursts. 

Two more hoodies went down, yelping like dogs. The smell of singed carpet and wallpaper began to fill the corridor. 

"Nine o'clock."

"News?"

"No to your left, hurry."

Sleet finally understood, turned and raised his laser pistol at the two approached hooded assailants brandishing what looked like portable heavy artillery.

Sleet's first shot took out an overhead light fitting. Sparks fluttered down as his second took out a vase of flowers on a small rosewood table, which was perhaps Chippendale.

"Sleet, aim, for fuck's sake," the cyborg roared. "And watch out for the Chippendale."

Sleet shrieked as withering blasts of return laser flashed and sparked around him. His third burst hit a large ornate wall mirror and the reflected laser took out one of the hoodies.

"Nice ricochet," said the cyborg, removing his throwing knife from the scabbard attached to his thigh. A split-second later and the remaining assailant staggered back gurgling as the blade pierced his throat.

"Hurry," ordered the cyborg and pushed Sleet forward. Along this corridor, fellow residents could be heard moving about in their rooms, disturbed by the firefight. One or two doors opened a sliver, then quickly shut again.

"Go, quick," the cyborg roared, following Sleet to the double glass fire doors at the end of the corridor. They led to the lobby, and hopefully escape. "Before the spiders arrive."

"Too late," shrilled a malevolent female voice behind him.

The T-800 spun round in horror. That voice was horribly familiar. "Shit," he said, dropping his laser pistol.

The huge black spider with a female human head he recalled from the distant past was Eva's. The grotesque scarlet-lipped mouth chuckled as the spider scuttled towards them, so massive its abdomen almost reached the ceiling and its rear legs could only make a rapid, scratching purchase on the walls.

"Damn, they've travelled back too," the T-800 murmured, as he waited to die. He sensed Sleet faint against the fire doors.
