"what?" God stared at the small bright screen in front of him, his magnificent face illuminated in the dark of his small square bedroom in a way that created an almost horror-esque feel as the blue electric light played across his features and reflected from his eyes. 

With a confused glance he watched the odd little pink creatures as they shot about the big ball of mud that he had just hours ago filled in with water, and watched life bloom. Dinosaurs, fuck yeah. He had originally wanted to go with something a little more cool, like dangersaurs of doom but then remembered what his online ex, a woman with the screen name "Motherofallcreation69" had said when she had broken up with him just last year: "dammit God, you need to grow up and stop naming things after shitty children's cartoons, I need a real man, not a boy." thus, dinosaurs it was.

Regardless, his little sharp toothed lizardy roarbabys had completely gone, in their place these silly little pink creatures that looked oddly like himself.

"ah dammit man." God cursed as he realised the issue. Puddles, his favourite kitten asleep on the desk before him had one paw pressed against the keyboard of his life machine, two buttons held fast down. Firstly, the fast forward key, obviously the reason an entire new species had sprung to life from nowhere, then secondly the augmented Camerality button that used his Web cam to implement a picture of his own face into the simulation. For a while he sat and watched the creatures as they progressed, they grew up, had baby's and died, pretty much on repeat but not always in that order, especially when a certain "Roy Moore" was involved. God shook his head in anger.

After a while he grew bored, the life of the human was somewhat monotonous, in a way he regretted the insignificant lifespan the game had allowed as a preset, it made each individual so... Meaningless in a way. With a sigh the big guy went to click the "apocalypse" button, that hated red cross of death that closed the game and shut the life machine down, but as his pointer hovered over the end of the world he hesitated.

"fuck it." the little pink bastards were doomed regardless, so why not have some fun? God's mishevious streak in full swing. The first joke he played was to place the half ape half human "Trump" creature in charge of one of the superpowers of the fleshies world, full with the knowledge that either he, or his pet that slept on top of his head under the pretence of being his hair, would no doubt at some point bring upon the end of the world himself, therefore his hands stayed clean... Secondly, the illusion of reality, the falsity of free will. God laughed in humour as he watched the strange little pinkie read the story he had found online under r/writingprompts in confusion as his life seemingly appeared written on the page before him.

"Hah, that's stupid." he thought to himself. "this is reddit, weird shit like this is expected." but he knew he was wrong. Was the life he lived real? Did he even exist or was he just one of God's cruel jokes?

You'll never know. 