He stared at the receptionists who stared back—one of them swayed back and forth in her chair and the look of consternation deepened on her face as he followed her movement with his eyes. The two women shared a look and seemed to come to a decision.


“Could you repeat that?” the older one asked carefully. She peered at him from behind tacky magenta glasses that must have been popular at one point or another and Kevin was distinctly reminded of his aunt Dolores who wore too much perfume and had too little fashion sense.


Kevin, somewhat nervous and mousy looking to begin with, seemed to shrink into himself even more.


“I—I’d like to be checked in f-for a few days and maybe see a doctor for my... my issue.” he stuttered, eyes flitting between the two women, down the hallway where he could see patients roaming about. 


The Aunt Dolores look alike softened a bit as her colleague picked up the phone and muttered something into it. “Do you know where you are?” she asked a bit more kindly.


Kevin nodded enthusiastically. “I passed by here the other day when I made a wrong turn on my way home, and I’m pretty sure your... facility is the only one that could help me now.”


Just as the receptionist asked him to elaborate, a booming voice came down the hall, followed by the jolliest doctor he had ever seen in his life almost literally bounce towards them.


“My dear boy! You’ve come to the right place!” all rosy cheeks and smiling teeth and a salt and pepper beard bellowed. By now, other patients and a few orderlies were peering curiously at them.


“I—I did?”


“Doctor,” the receptionist cut in, “You do know he’s a—“


The large man waved her off, his white lab coat flapping with the movement, the trailing sleeves sweeping a few pieces of paper to the floor, “Of course I know!” he said, and turned to Kevin and started to steer him down the hall. “Come come! Let me give you the tour and you can tell me all about your issues.”


“Doctor—“


Kevin glanced at the receptionists who now looked slightly alarmed as he was led away. The doctor ignored the front desk and pulled him along. He gave them a reassuring smile before turning back to his impromptu tour guide.


“Well you see, about a month ago, some friends and I were e-experimenting with LSD and after that I started to... to see things that aren’t... aren’t there.”


“You don’t say! Do go on!”


“Well... I’ve been seeing... This is going to sound crazy...”


“I love crazy!”


“I’ve been seeing ghosts...”


“Fascinating!”


Their voices trailed off as they disappeared behind swinging panel doors, and the first receptionist turned to the second and sighed. “How long do you think it’s going to take for the poor dear to realize who we are?”


The second one shrugged and walked through the desk to pick up the pen and papers that had rolled off just as a scream pierced through the building...

