[Edit: Part 2-7 in the comments; this story is now considered finished as of 11/11 13:06 CET; minor edits may come, but no new parts]

Rats. The cliché would have me feast on their blood while roaming through the nights to find something bloodlike to drink and at the same time get used to my new nature. This world had few clichés left in it. The first hurdle was finding an intact structure to use as shelter during the days, the next one indeed was to find something edible. The virus didn't just zombify every human it came in contact with - with its hosts shuffling around in a near comatose state, it had all the time in the world to change, to infect other animals, even birds. While those skulking chunks of meat surely were now edible to me in the proper sense of the word, they suffered a few problems: Most of them didn't have a whole lot of blood left, they tasted awfully stale and spoiled and to top it off, they didn't procreate.

Yes, I know. It kind of seems like a beneficial thing to not have the zombies have little zombie children and populate the desolate wastes with them, but from a stock-breeder's point of view, this was a disaster. They didn't even heal properly, so once slurped up, they weren't much more than an empty juice pack. Well, there goes the vegetable branch of farming. And that brought me right back to problem number one in this world for the vampiric insurgent of the zombie nation: Finding shelter.

Once I had fed on every animal with a heart within the next few miles, I'd have to relocate. When doing so, I took care to spare the living, if I ever found some. At least they'd be able to repopulate in time and maybe I'm lucky and the whole immortality-cliché still holds true, so planning for the future can never be a bad thing. I wonder... was this life I'm now living designed as a counter-measure to a biological weapon?

I guess that's something I'll never know for sure, unless I stumble upon the very labs it was designed in by chance. Hell, even then... who says I'll be able to make any sense out of it? Guess I could have asked her, but for all that I know, she's not any wiser than me as to why or how we are what we are.

It was night when we met for the first time and she didn't simply bite my neck, let me drink some of her blood and move on. At first, I didn't have a clue what she really was. Sure, she was pale and wouldn't go out during the day, but then again so would anybody with common sense while they were around - the paleness just follows naturally. There was not much room for distrust, either - neither of us had seen a fellow human for at least a few months and the company sure was worth the competition. We went to scavenge together, watch our backs and share the spoils of our nightly raids. Oddly enough we seemed to be better off together, which I first attributed to the additional pair of eyes, some group mechanic that increased our efficiency... something along these lines. Little did I know she simply let me have it all in her subtle humility.

With time, we became friends and friends eventually became lovers. She was very picky - naturally so, regarded with hindsight - when we had to relocate and settle down somewhere new. This is not safe, we're at a tactical disadvantage here, the structural integrity of that supporting wall doesn't seem so trustworthy and I swear she once made us discard a location because the matresses were stained. She couldn't have been more stealthy regarding her own feeding habits, though. Up until the end, I still didn't suspect a thing.

There was nothing dramatic about it happening. No chase, no fight. We were scavenging, business as usual. She went off to secure the backdoor of the derelict grocery store, when I stumbled upon a well rotten corpse behind the cash register. Before I even realized what happened, the corpse coughed. I don't know if it actually coughed or if some gases built up in its intestines released in just the right moment, trigerred by some minuscule movement of mine. I immediately backed off and wiped my face, might have even been that this had been my death sentence. Wait to sanitize your hands before touching yourself, surviving a zombie apocalypse one-oh-one. Must have happened to thousands of survivors within the first months, but I never thought something that simple would hit me.

I didn't wait until she came back. Put a flare torch to the corpse to light it up and got out of there before the first smoke hit the roof. No need to take her with me. She would know. And I had some time left, maybe a few days, maybe a few weeks, to say my goodbyes to the world, then I'd torch myself rather than surrendering to the virus. I never knew the hopelessness of a ruined world could be topped until I walked through it in broad daylight the next morning, knowing full well I was now a carrier of the disease that stripped it of all life in the first place. I lay in the sun at noon, took a bath in a river ridden with zombie fish and generally enjoyed my first day on earth for a long time, knowing it'd be one of my last, too. Never would I have guessed it actually was my last.

Sure, I took care to put some distance between her and myself, covered my tracks and didn't look back once. Yeah, maybe once or twice, but looking doesn't do any harm, now does it? So call me a little bit surprised when in the middle of the night, I hear a familiar voice in my ear: "Darling, I can't let you go like this. After all, I never even tasted you and who would want my special treat to get spoiled in such a repulsive way?"  
I wasn't even asleep, but sitting on a hill, staring at the full moon illuminating the few lonely clouds hanging in the sky, pondering the fate of humankind. Next thing I knew, there was a piercing pain in my neck and shortly thereafter, the moon, the clouds, the entire world faded to black.

I woke up with blood smeared everywhere and the metallic taste of it in my mouth. I was nowhere near the hill she found me on, but rather in the carefully chosen shelter we last inhabited. As my body now started to battle the zombie virus for control, I couldn't really distinguish between reality and the feverish dreams haunting me. I do remember her bringing me food, but back then thought it to be an illusion that it was still moving. When after some days I began getting better, she delivered a final meal: a stray dog, maybe feral before the plague, but not much more than apathetic now. And then, as sudden and abrupt as we had met, she left with only a whisper to remember her by: "Darling, bring love to the world, would you?"