7212

She smelled different today. Her smell changed over the years but today she smelled really good. Like, REALLY, good. In her teens she smelled like some sort of pop-star diva perfume. Not bad, just not adult. In her twenties she found something that smelled a little more appropriate; we both smelled like cigarettes then. It was on her 35th birthday that I introduced her to something I had made at some class I was going to at the college...or was it a meet up? 46 had her smelling like her own mixtures after she attended the class as well. We smelled gray after 58. Then we were able to smell like the world: coffee and old paint in Italy; cheese and wine in France and white powder in Thailand. Today...today she smelled like butterscotch, cotton candy and freshly cut lawn. No, she didn't smell like the lawn...the lawn smelled like the lawn.

I walked into her room unannounced. She hated it when  I announced myself. "We're best friends living in the house we built together," she'd always say, "it should be easy to make yourself at home, you know, because you are." Then I'd stand around awkwardly until she'd walk over to me and fall into my chest, look up at me and smile. And I'd say, "You know, you'll always be beautiful to me."

Today she was out of bed, rummaging through a cardboard box. "Lose something?" I asked her, as I stood in the doorway.

"Found something," she said as she continued rummaging, "it's my old box of CDs that were buried under that huge pile of clothes in my closet. I'm looking for one to put on."

I made my way to her on the ground; looked over her shoulder, took out a CD. "Is this the one you're looking for?"

She made the face she always makes when she can't find something right in front of her; the same face she made the first three times I asked her to hold on to our plane tickets. "Yes," she said.

I opened the disc, put it in the boombox she had by her nightstand. I could never get her to switch from boombox to a bluetooth speaker. Technology has never been in her radar, she just figured out she can download games on her tablet last month...she's had it for 3 years.[I turned on the CD.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuIjli2sasc)

She came to me. Like the first time we danced. Her arms raised to my shoulders. My arms circled her waist. She stepped on my feet. She always stepped on my feet. We rocked mostly, circles make us dizzy at our age. Her head fell onto my chest. "I want to listen to your heart beat," she said as I adjusted my breathing to take in long, deep breaths.

Dinner was an ordinary salad with some broiled chicken breast on top. We had blueberry, pomegranate, acai flavored tea. She smiled at me from across the table, the last brilliant bits of the sun holding on to her white hair. "What?" I asked.

"You know you're the first man that's always danced with me? I thought you would have said no or turned me away by now. But you always dance with me."

"Why wouldn't I? I love cutting rugs so much I go to the Home Depot and buy fresh rugs and scissors just so I can cut new rugs all the time." Damnit.

"Nope, too long. Shorten it. 'I love cutting rugs so much, I carry scissors on me all the time.'"

"I love cutting rugs so much, I keep swatches in my back pocket."

She laughed. "Stand up comedy would be great if we could just sit down and think up jokes."

"Then it would be sit-down and ponder comedy. I'm not sure if there's anything funny about people sitting around thinking."

"Today I felt it."

"Felt what?"

She looked at me directly, "I felt that no matter what, where we go or who we'll be after we die; that you and me, we'll be together. I'm lucky to have found you, Granola Man."

"I'm lucky that you found me too, Biscuit."

That night we slept in the same bed.

I hadn't done it for some time; but these days are worth living a lifetime.

7213

She smelled different today