I have seen and have had so many things in my life. Much more than the normal human. Yet, I had never seen this before. At least not on myself. A grey hair. What an odd notion. Of all the things I've lived through nothing's quite stopped me dead in my tracks like a grey hair.

I suppose, when you're like me, immortal, everlasting, an eternal being, whatever you'd like to call it you're not usually consumed with the concept of growing old and dying. Crazy right? Of course I've seen my friends, my loved ones and... lovers go before me. Their once elastic, plump skin withered before my eyes. Their wrinkles defining and their skin sagging as I stayed the same. My skin never creased, my eyes never faded, my hair never greyed. Until now. 

Most of them became consumed with my condition when they caught on. I never revealed my secret, but they all knew something was different. I suppose I was a con woman of sorts. I married these men of great wealth and power and they lost everything when they died slowly, most of the time bedridden, most of them trying to figure out the hand they'd been dealt. And most of them not realizing they'd been sleeping with the house.

I've had many names in my life, some of them gaining great reputation, some of them gaining great infamy. My favorite was Dottie Green. I was a dancer in New York during the Roaring Twenties. I wasn't a headlining act but I definitely caught the eyes of a few moguls. Of all the lives I've lived Dottie's was the most exhilarating, she had a powerhouse personality and could knock the socks off of any man with a flutter of her eyelashes. She wore her raven locks in a page boy style and always wore her dresses just short enough to be scandalous. She could hold her liquor, she smoked like a chimney and she swore like a sailor. I had lived through so much puritanical virtue that it felt amazing to be living vibrantly again. 

Every life I lived was a little different, it's like I jumped into different bodies and piloted them for a while. On the inside it was always me but every time I changed my body changed slightly. Dottie had raven hair and charcoal eyes but Stella had auburn hair and freckles making constellations across her skin. I was a snake, shedding skin and personalities. It always felt natural, the change. It had an ease.

This morning was different. I woke up and I knew something was off. I knew the change was supposed to happen soon but it felt like someone had hit the brakes. I shot out of bed and rushed to the bathroom to investigate my reflection. And there it was. The intruder that caused everything to come to a halt. I immediately grasped it tight and ripped it from my skin leaving a hole where the monster had once been. The halt that was once stalling my change fast forwarded into too much change. I watched my body as it went from glowing 20 something year old skin, to sagging, drooping, shriveled 80 something year old skin. I screamed in pain and in vanity as I watched my glorious black curls fade to thinning white straw. My bones ached, my body shrunk. I didn't know what was wrong with me. But I knew it was the end. 

The last few months were the hardest, I stayed bedridden too morose to even rise.  Much like the fate of many of my suitors before me. I suppose that was what I had coming for me, I sucked men and women dry of their love and their wealth knowing they would never get to see me age the way they did. I took for granted what I considered my most valuable asset and now that it was gone I scoured the earth for ways to get it back. Ways that never came. 

How do you kill an immortal? You take away the thing they love most. Their joie de vivre. Take away their youth and they'll wreck themselves trying to get it back.



(This is my first comment in this sub and my first time writing for fun in a long time. Please let me know what you think😊)
