"You really screwed up this time didn't you, Kenny." I said looking down at the stuck demon shark in my toilet.

"I told you never to call me that!" As he attempted and failed to thrash violently towards me.

"Whatever you say Kenny. I just have to ask why are you trying this again? Didn't you learn the last time that this wouldn't work for you?"

"What do you mean? I got you last time!" He said insult. 

"Kenny, you were the size of a leech. You barely drew blood and killed you by feeding you to the ferrels outside."

"I just wasn't big enough then. Now that I'm bigger, I can swallow you up and drag you in."

"Kenny, how can you drag me in when you can't even move?"

"I didn't think I would get stuck!"

"Did you measure the bowl? Come on Kenny this is basic eighth grade geometry."

"High school taught me nothing! The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell!"

"You know you were taught more than that. You were just a bad student."

"I'm sorry, I was to busy in high school getting laid and getting paid."

"Getting paid? Really Kenny? You've been after the same gold coin for 50 years now. You haven't gotten any kind of payment in that time."

Kenny let out a sigh and looked sad. "Look man, My wife has taken my kid and is off running all over town at night and leaving my daughter at home alone. The judge won't let me have her because as you so graciously pointed out, I haven't had fruitful work in over 50 years. If I at least eat you then maybe the judge will take pity on me and my daughter and let me take care of her."

"Kenny, have thought about letting it go? Is the coin really worth all that you are losing seeking it?"

"Look I can't not do it. I have a contract an eternally binding one.  All 500 pieces. And your branch won't even give up the last one. I can't even get new work if this isn't completed because it's on my records that it's incomplete. I can't even change form. I just want to be done with this job. Did you know that demons can't even die? It's just like you killing us up here. We keep coming back. Please man. I'm desperate. Can I please eat you?"

"FUCK NO, KENNY! GET OUT OF MY DAMN TOILET BEFORE I SHIT IN YER MOUTH!"

Kenny sighs and disappears.  

I look at my wedding ring. Then go to my room, my big empty room with my king size bed. Then I walk to my daughters room. Empty. 5 bedrooms, 4 baths, and one lonely man.  I walk out back to the empty pool. My wife and I had always fought over that she never understood why I wouldn't let her fill it up or take my daughter swimming.  

I grabbed the hose and drug it over and turned it on. Then went to my bank. I had enough money these days. I stopped caring about the interest earned off of it after my investments in apple and bitcoin really exploded. Yeah, I might be losing a couple thousand a month, but I really wasn't using it anyways.

When I got back the pool wasn't anywhere close to full, but there he was in his full size and glory. Massive and huge, a terror of the deep, in an inch of water. I walked out on the diving board and looked down at him. 

Kenny didn't even looked at me. "What do you want Stan? My dignity? Are you going to shoot me for the kicks like you did when you were younger? Or are you just wanting a larger target to piss on?"

"I'm here to end it, Kenny. I'm here to make a deal."

"What deal could you possibly want to make?"

"I want you to be my vassal. My assist. My business partner. I will give you a home and an income and a place for you and your daughter in my family."

"I told you, I can't take on new work until I complete my old contract and that my wife has my daughter, damn it!" Kenny said, fire and tears literally erupting from his eyes. "Is this what you wanted to do kick me while I'm down?" 

"No, Kenny. But you will have to go back to high school after we make this deal."

"I told you! I can't make a deal!" He thrashed. 

I pulled out the coin and placed it on the diving board. 

"As I said. I'm here to end it, Kenny." I walked off the board and left the contract on the patio table, by the pool. "Think about it, Kenny."