I really imagined dying to be a more spectacular or dramatic thing. For all I know, I fell asleep one evening and woke up on this hill. Maybe I was just dreaming, but some thought in the back of my head, clearer than any thought I ever had, told me I was dead. Just as I wanted to take in the strange landscape for a second a shout from right behind suprised me:”Look, a new fella!” I turned around and couldn´t believe my eyes: Was that Einstein? Before I could think any further he grabbed me by the shoulder and started walking while chatting in the most cheerful way:”I know what you want to ask, yes I´m Einstein and all this here is...well... some sort of afterlife or purgatory, and we are probably stuck here until our name is said for the last time, atleast that´s what Sokrates thinks. But let´s go faster, you still have to see a lot!” Stuck in an afterlife with all famous souls? Great! But what was I doing here? I mean, I was just an average scientist that published some papers about stem cell research...wait...maybe this one thing was more important than I thought... Einstein interrupted me again:“See, that guy over there under the tree, that´s my friend Newton! He still sits there everyday, thinking he´ll come up with something great. HEEY NEWTON! We already discovered gravity, no reason to sit there anymore!” His positive energy seemed to flow into me; I didn´t resist. Newton defied his own theory by not reacting at all to Einsteins words.  I realized some other, very slim person was sitting under the tree aswell:” Who is that?”, I asked. “Ah, that´s just Buddha.” “Really? I always imagined him to be... you know a little bit fatter, like in the sculptures.” Einstein laughed out loud:”There´s no time for eating when you meditate all day. Well, he isn´t very talkative anyway. Hasn´t moved one inch since I came here.” “Wait, not one inch?” This place seemed to hold an endless amount of suprises. “Yup. No one really knows how long he was here, but King Arthur said he was already there when he came.” “Wait, King Arthur was real?” Einstein just nodded, as if it was the most normal thing in the world. Suddenly, a familiar looking old man that I couldn´t quite identify came rushing towards us, carefully trying not to spill whatever was in the in the 2 glasses he was holding. “Come on, Einstein, don´t keep him all to yourself!” He raised his hand, and in doing so dropped one of the glasses he was holding. Looking at his sad face I finally got it: It was Hemingway! A very, very drunk Hemingway. I shook his hand and he offered the remaining drink to me:” Care for a martini? Don´t tell Nietzsche though, he always gets mad when he sees us drinking!”

&#x200B;

// I just couldn´t think of all those poor souls waiting to die, so I decided to make a comedy out of it. Truly fun to write, thank you for the inspiration. Might write another part, but at the moment I just can´t think of any more references to throw into the story. //