Most people think of games as light-hearted, fun and unreal. “It’s a place to escape to”, they say. Wouldn’t you, too? Paradise sounds like a great place to be in, no? 
That’s not always true though. As heroes in the past would have said, paradise is the worst place to be in. It’s so perfect…too perfect. Which is many die in paradise; much like how sugar kills more people than sharks today. 
Thanks to the advances in technology, today we get to play all our games experientially; even the older ones, like Chess or Tetris. It’s like that one movie they made in the 90’s, “Jumanji”. Ring a bell? Game sucks you in, life-or-death scenario, gives a tribal beat? No? Then get off my lawn, kid. 


I’m just kidding. It’s really fun, being able to become a part of the game like that. You could be anything you wanted: a detective, Super Mario, a fucking Jenga block? Anything you want.


But God forbid you play Monopoly. 


Never play Monopoly.


You know how friendships get ruined in Monopoly in real life? Yeah, now imagine that being real.

It starts off harmless and fair. Every player starts on the same square with the same amount of money, and everyone gets a turn unless they are in Jail. Banter is thrown around, wagers made on who would win, all the fun stuff. You roll a 3, and you see a nice plot of land. “What’s the value?” you ask. 
“Baltic Avenue, $60. One house for $50, rent is $4”. That’s not too bad, you think. You cash down on it. Buying property feels pretty good, not something most people can experience in the real world. Your friends remark on it, more casual banter. Another friend rolls a 6, gets Oriental Avenue. It’s a hundred, and he purchases it. 


The game goes on a few rounds and suddenly your friends are now your “friends”. Everything is business, black and white. It’s like that one landlady you had. You know - Asian, snarky, always chases for rent on the dot, complains every single hour that you didn’t pay rent on time – well at least you get to buy land right? That’s something you can’t do in real life. 


Take my word for it, it’s good that Monopoly is just a game. Because soon, the only people you talk to are the banker, and, well just the banker. All around you is 3 walls, all silent. Occasionally one might speak to you. They want to trade something for your property. In that moment you exist to them, because they have a motive that drives your existence. Sometimes you get sent to jail, for something you never did. It always feels like you’re unredeemable there, even if for a turn. Because while you’re trapped, life goes on. Everyone else gets to live and prosper, but you? You’re stuck here for something you never did. Sometimes you get to bail out early, but usually, never. 


The game progresses further, and now your friends are hounding after you for rental like they are loan sharks. Your cash, and your property; all your assets slipping away from you one after another. And it goes quickly. You’re stuck in a downward spiral. You let go of Park Place in hopes of saving yourself from bankruptcy, but that was a mistake; too bad you only realized that 2 turns later. Well, at least there's welfare money every now and then.



Cash gone, friendships broken, deals failed, money flying out of your pocket much like a pig wouldn’t.


It’s dark. And cold. Like depression. It’s like being stuck in a grave, only all four walls are tough and slippery. Did I also mention it’s deep. Yeah, the grave’s deep. You want to get out but you can’t. You fall lower and lower down the game’s societal hierarchy, and it gets so bad, you become like a pariah. You can’t do anything but lose. No one speaks to you because you are undesirable. You couldn’t even pay them to speak to you. Imagining being as undesirable as eating up someone else’s phlegm. Yeah, that bad. 



**ZERO**



Finally, you are free.
