Valtoyix looked around the arena that had been under construction for the last two moon cycles. A sizable pond lie in the center of the arena, with what looked like a small bridge going over. The bright light of the day was making it hard to see after emerging from the entry tunnels. 

Squinting he made out what appeared to be 6 priests tending to the various trees and plants that had been planted into the arena, odd that they should do that, yet he couldn’t deny how much of a great addition they made. Starting that morning all selected princes from the surrounding regions would arrive one by one to the arena, meet with the Priests of Gahlion, and receive a sponsoring god. 

You see, the kingdom of Gahlion recently took a massive defeat when the beloved king passed away. Not from some mighty battle wound or poisoned by a spy, but simply by old age, for the king ruled with kindness, unmatched by anyone. He left it in written rules no king will be crowned until they have proven themselves. To prove themself? A battle to the death, 25 princes. 24 bodies. One kingdom will rise, twenty four will slowly fall apart. 

Valtoyix must’ve been looking rather lost in thought because when he came too all the priests were surrounding him. Judging, meticulously eyeing him over and whispering. 

“Come young prince, your destiny awaits” A raspy voice exited the leading priest before he turned swiftly and walked off. Valtoyix ran after him and kept his head down, he didn’t know what to think. He was somewhat of a skilled fighter, but he wasn’t Prince Hanstop or Loitus. He looked up and within the small time they had walked, the priests some how managed to get them below the arena, in an odd cryptic throne room. 

“This is where we leave you prince... enjoy” Valtoyix watched as the priests ran from the room and slammed the large ornate doors. Odd but whatever he had seen worse. There was to be an offering, that much he knew, but that’s all that was said. To be sponsored and imbued with the gods, one must sacrifice that which he holds dearest to him.

“Hello?, is anyone in here with me?” 

His voice echoed off the walls. Dust that had settled for who knows how many years was knocked loose and fell to the floor. Revealing an elaborate painting on the walls of the room. That’s when he stopped moving. Eyes. They were penetrating his mind and the pain was unfathomable. 

“ARGH STOP PLEASE” quickly it went from pain to fear, as the penetrating feeling stabbed his belly and doubled him over. His limbs began to feel extremely heavy, and breathing became extremely hard. 

“Heh, never ceases to amuse me.. the complacency of having organs” the voice was smooth, yet held an undeniable power behind it. Suddenly the room went dark. Small torches lining the walls went ablaze with a small purple flame. Valtoyix could hear the rustle of feathers, and suddenly from his position on the floor, he watched as a large altar light up in the center of the room. Sitting atop of it was a rather large crow.

Around the crows neck was a small necklace of glass eyeballs, the bird turned and hopped down, and before Valtoyix the bird shifted into the shape of a man. A hand shot out towards him and helped him sit. The touch from the hand was cold. Absolutely freezing. 

“Who are you?!” There was no true reason to be alarmed. Valtoyix had a deep understanding for the cycle of life and death, and accepted that a man who went from a bird to a man, could easily end him. Yet he’d fight, and he’d fight until he couldn’t no more. 

“Who are you says the little boyman. Don’t play soldier with ME!” Suddenly the small purple flames grew exponentially and illuminated the room. The painting came to show of a reaper, siphoning souls and laughing with a mug of ale in his hands. The same hands that had just grabbed Valtoyix. 

“Y..yo...you’re the god of death? Aren’t you?!” Alarm rang out in his voice

“Why does this alarm you? You came looking for a deity to sponsor you. I’ve watched all day as every other lowly and meaningful god were allowed to partake in this splendid event. And they expect me to sit here and make sure nothing happens to their sacred throne room?” The man seemed extremely angered and Valtoyix could tell. Simply by the size of the mans shadow and how it appeared to be a horrendous skeleton. 

“But yet here you are, protecting their throne. I didn’t mean to intrude it’s just that priests brought me here and I just accepted it. What am I supposed to think? I’m to fight to the death with 24 other princes, and I’m scared. For the first time I’m scared.” A tear fell from his face and both the men could hear it when it hit the ground. The God ran over to the prince and held him firmly.

“Fear is the least of our worries after today... listen closely mortal..



A large bell was struck and the crowd went silent. 
“Today we take a new step forward in history, a day that’ll be remembered for ages to come. The coming of a new King! A battle! A Royal battle, to the death! 25 princes have been collected from all surrounding regions, and before us today they stand. One prince and only one prince will leave this arena today and become king... with all of that said. I wish you princes a good battle.,. And may the gods shine upon you..” 

Valtoyix watched the chubby announcer take his seat and the bell was struck again. The arena plants had grown tenfold since his last visit, combine that with the howling of the crowd, it made for an interesting setting. 

“Remember what I told you.... the gods voice rang through his head like a song. 

A clashing sound and scream. The first prince was dead. Another scream, that made two. But suddenly he was filled with a vigor he had never experienced before. Yet the gods voice came again 

“Go” 

He ran, turned a small corner to avoid a bush and came face to face with another prince standing on a small ledge. This one had blood on his swords. 

“DIE SCUM” The bloody prince jumped at Valtoyix but fell short, and was utterly surprised when he stood up and his opponents sword was pointed at his neck. 

“It’s a shame I have to kill you, for in another life perhaps we could’ve fought together” A quick movement not even his opponent could register and he was dead. Yet another boost of strength filled him. A rustle in the bush behind him told him all he needed to know. He bent down and picked up a small sword, spun around and threw it like an axe, it was met with a small scream. 

“These two have no gods attached to them boy” 

He could clashing followed by a scream just about every other minute. Certain that he would make it to the end he stayed in the small clearing with the ledge, watching and listening quietly he heard a bell and a voice. 

“Only 10 remain” 

The crowd went crazy. 

Minutes flew by and another scream, and then two more screams. The time between blood curdling screams became longer and longer before the announcer made a call

“WE HAVE TWO FIGHTERS LEFT”

“Remember what I told you boy...

Valtoyix jumped down and ran, he pushed through some of the bushes and almost tripped over a few bodies listening to the god infused with him telling him which bodies had a god and didn’t. He suddenly burst into a clearing, and seen the pond. Ripe with blood and an armor clad prince sipping the water. 

“So glad I have one last enemy to tear apart, limb by limb you’ll go down, until your last scream is just a push of dead air” 

“War..” the god whispered. Valtoyix ran at him and their weapons connected, they shuffled back and forth, striking and blocking. 

“I smell the god on you. Maybe you can see mine” the prince laughed like a mad man and he did see it. A red lust in his eyes, a desire to fight and fight. “I’ll wear you out, trip you up, and steal your eyes ahahah!!” 

Valtoyix dropped his sword “Kill me” 

Suddenly the crowd went quiet
There was nothing surrounding him and all that he could see was a grey mist, and the feathers of a crow. But as quickly as it happened, it ended. There was cheering and an announcer talking about a new king. Valtoyix looked over and see his right arm being waved by the victor. Anger ran over him, an intense urge to kill him. 

“Let it happen boyman...succumb to the rage, the internal inferno, let the rage of death take you over... 

Slowly he began to rise not by conventional means. But by some odd mist lifting him into the air, until he was floating behind and just over the victor. The ground grew cold and the pond froze over. The crowd above started screaming and panicking. 

The prince still waving the decapitated arm turns around. And comes face to face with the embodiment of death, the embodiment of his new king, and the jailor to his soul. 