Alanna crept through the undergrowth. Each step followed by a slurp of soggy mud and a rustle of dead leaves. She was usually lighter on her step; quicker in her thoughts. Wiping her brow on her sleeve, smears of red mingled with the sweat. Her muscles burned with exhaustion. She'd never been this far from home.

Presque vu wriggled through her senses, her mind straining and on the verge of providing her with some greater insight – an edge over her adversaries, perhaps. 

She knew this place – the shaggy pines sprouting out of the wet moss, the skeletal birches clawing at the moon, and her own ragged breathing – she’d been here before, but when?

A raven cawed and landed in a treetop above her, sending a spray of tiny droplets through the foliage. The Third Sigil – *The Lonesome Watcher*. She’d been in the game long enough to know all the omens by heart, and yet she pulled up her sleeve, revealing a row of images tattooed into the pale flesh of her arm. The Watcher glowed through her skin. Her knuckles whitened around the grip of her dagger.  

Another few steps along the animal trail. Her eyes fixed on the bird. This far into the uncharted wilderness beyond the outer reaches of the kingdom, nothing but the strange signs and your own gut could be trusted. 

She lifted her bracelet and glanced into the reflection. Behind her, the thin path snaked into a gullet of bristly sticks and overhanging branches. The shadows shifted in the strange moonlight, reaching longingly at her and each other.

“Come on,” she whispered. “I know you’re out there.”

Her breath steamed out of her mouth in wisps of liquid silver. Everything had pointed her here. Her months of research at the university, the rumors snapped up the royal court, the last few seekers she’d cut up for information. Apart from her ability to hide in plain sight, patience was Alanna’s number one forte. Yet, the weeks of traveling through these lands had put her on edge. 

The Great Game, as they called it, had been running for centuries. Its veins – deep and thick with secrets, myth, and intrigue – coiled beneath the surface of the kingdom, influencing politics and religion alike. 

*Everyone’s a player…*

Alanna blinked a few times, trying to rid her eyelashes of the droplets. It was a valuable lesson to keep in mind. 

Slowly, she approached the small cottage that stuck out of the untouched wilderness like a sore thumb. The logs, dark and slick with fungi and lichen, looked like they’d been here longer than the forest itself.

*…not everyone’s playing.*

A tiny light gleamed in the window – a single candle, trembling inside a bubble of light. The door creaked as Alanna pushed it open. Despite the excitement swelling in her chest, she forced herself to remain sharp and meticulous. 
 

Apart from the dusty floor and the candle on the windowsill, the cottage was empty. Alanna carefully checked the floorboards and the walls. She shook her head and ran her fingertips over the candleholder. It was shaped like the flowing mane of a lion, with an open mouth filled with fangs biting into the candle.

Her breaths shallow and her hand firmly on her blade, she peered into the dirty glass. At first, only the twisted trees outside filled her vision. But then, in the warm reflection, she saw the face of a child. Auburn locks and freckles like sparks from a blacksmith’s hammer. Thin lips and bright gray eyes. Alanna felt her pulse racing in her chest.

Behind the girl, a table was set for dinner. Steaming pots and plates for three. One candle stood at the center – the lion candle – and through the flame, she saw an old man in a rocking chair. His white beard flowed over his chest like a foaming wave. His eyes were closed.

“Found you!” Alanna said.

The old man bobbed his head, and his eyes opened. “It appears you did.”

“I want your name.”

“Are you sure?”

Alanna swallowed hard, feeling the blood drain out of her face. She’d been a seeker for over fifteen years. Her list of names filled two vaults of the Marizene Bank. Every hidden name she’d discovered had led her to this.

“Of course I’m sure!”

“Very well,” the old man said, darkness creeping into the wrinkles in his face. “But I’m warning you. My name will reveal the Fourth Sigil. Are you ready for that?”

Alanna scoffed and crossed her arms. The young girl in the reflection did the same. “There’s no Fourth Sigil. Don’t lie to me, old man.”

“Oh, but there is, my girl, there is! And so many more...” The old man rose out of the rocking chair and shuffled over to the window. He stood so close that Alanna could almost feel his breath on her ear. “There are secrets so hidden... names so long forgotten… places so far away from civilization… You think you’ve won, Alanna Crynn, but you’ve merely breached the surface.”

“How dare you say my name! I found you first… you don’t have the right!”

“Oh, but in the Great Game, there are no rules – not if you *really* want to play. Do you want to play, Alanna Crynn?”

Alanna took a deep breath. “I do. Give me your name.”

“Jeremiah…” The old man smiled and leaned in closer as the reflection started to fade in the window. The tiny hairs on Alanna’s arms shot up. “*Crynn.*”
  
As the man rose from his chair, the wind howled through the cracks in the cottage. Alanna's long auburn hair whipped around her. The old man’s face fell away, turning into dust, merging with the gusts that blasted through the room, lifting cutlery and furniture into the air. 

Spinning, whirling, twirling. 

The world around her faded. The forest became a gray-green blur. The moon and stars flickered across the night sky, rearranging themselves in strange new constellations.

Finally, the candle gave out, casting everything in darkness.

Alanna dug her fingers into the ground, trying to rid herself of glaring vertigo. Instead of wet moss, her hands found grass and mud. Groggily, she looked up, the world still a carousel around her. But even through the blur, she saw that things had changed. 

She was no longer in the uncharted wilderness of Myron. In the distance, out of a flat field of manicured grass, rose a mountain of lights. She gasped at the sight and pulled up her sleeve. 

The old man had been right. 

The spires and towers of a new, fourth sigil twisted around her arm, glowing through her skin. *A City of Glass.*

***
If you liked this, check out r/Lilwa_Dexel for more!