I carefully weighed the situation. The monster *whatever it was* had long since fled. Confronted with someone armed, who knew how to fight, it had decided it had drunk enough blood this harvest. Wasn’t a match for officer Duke. *clever boy* I think to myself. 

*what to do about this mess?*. Three dead cheerleaders and the quarterback sprawled on the bedroom floor, as stiff as the wooden beams that hang ominously overhead. How was I going to explain this? Chief will have my ass. That’s when I heard it, a rustle from under the bed. *what the fuck*! 

I drew my gun once again. Took a long step back, and a long deep breath. I dropped to my stomach. The wind left my lungs but I kept my focus. Two eyes stared back at me in the darkness, unmoving, almost human *too human*. 

“Don’t shoot me man” a voice with a strange cadence called back. *it is a college town* 

“It’s alright, I chased it off” I answered, another witness might help explain things. *or at least make it seem like you didn’t just kill four white kids* 

“Come out ok, and we can clean this shit up son” 

I holstered my gun, and began scanning the room again, a black circle had been drawn on the floor, in which the four other young people lay, their blood slowly oozing into the centuries old wooden floor *dont build em like this anymore*. I though, stamping my foot on the floor. I decided I couldn’t leave them like that though. So I took the white cloaks down from the hangers on the wall and spread them over the victims *shame. Damn shame*.

“What’s your name boy” I ask, not bothering to turn around as I hear him standing up. 

“Uh, Antoine, sir.... uh, officer” he replied, with velvet on his voice, and not nearly enough respect. An idea spat into my mind. The monster was gone and I had four dead bodies to explain, and nearly a full cartridge of bullet casings around the old estate. A blade lay off to the side of one of the girls. Just out of reach. *whats one more?*

“Hand me that would you?” I say, pointing to the knife “looks like it’s evidence” 

“Uh, sure sir” the stupid boy gingerly walked over to it, he bends down and places a hand around the hilt. I stand up quietly, take my pistol from its holster and point it at his back.

“Turn around slowly, scum” the boy starts to laugh *what? Is he laughing at me? Fucking ni...* 

Another, lower laugh lodged in my ear. My thoughts died in an instant. Replaced only with goosebumps, on my arms and down my throat. Four too long icy fingers wrap slowly over my shoulder, piercing my skin. The warm drip of blood sauntering down my arm.

‘ARGHHHHH’ my arm is rigid from pain, but I can’t move, my gun slips through my fingers. 

“Fitting....” the boy is looking at me now as he speaks, those bright white teeth of his that look so wrong on his face, sparkling in the moonlight

“You’d die in a house like this” I feel the knife enter my chest, pain and fear running through my veins, and out all over the room *not like.... I can’t....* 

The blood loss is too much, I’m bleeding out. My vision is blurry, I see.... I see that fucking boy, he nods to something, to *the monster* it smiles, this one even wronger than the boys. It speaks, it’s voice cutting into my ears. 

“Cops taste the best” 

The thing I hear is my own voice, the last of the air used to curse these two monsters 

“You can’t .....do this..... To a grand w.....” 