I don't like doc. 

no one does. 

he's weirdly enthusiasic 'bout *everything*, like the time lawrence got cancer and he freaking *squealed* like a little girl in excitment. 

but anyways, I gotta go. got a bit of rebar in my foot the other day and now I gotta tetnus shots or something. 

I open the door his office and he's there, wearing that white coat of his, looking like some sort a angel or shit. I dunno why he still wears it. we stopped fighting *years* ago when that thing happened, y'know, the one where it was like we were all on the same team or something. 

anyways, he comes at me, a huge an' creepy grin on his face. he does his normal exsamination shit, 'fore telling me ta sit down.

now, ya might laugh at me, but I'm fucking *terrifed* of needles. and when doc suddenly pulls out a freaking *huge* one, the first thing I wanna do is bolt outta there. 

but I can't. he'll just chase me down with it like the last time I did that.

so, he gets the needle. its filled with some sort of yellow stuff, which is odd 'cause it was clear last time. 

I don't question him though. as weird and creepy as he is, he's the doctor and he ain't gonna hurt me 'cause Ivan said he took an oath that stops him from doing that. 

he comes at me with the needle and grabs my arm 'fore I do something stupid like last time. he's got a real strong grip for an old dude and his hand is really cold for some reason. 

he's like that for a few secs an' I close my eyes, ready ta get jabbed.

but it doesn't come. 

I hear him swearing in that weird language of his and I open my eyes ta see the needle pressing into me, the sharp pointy bit *bending* like rubber or something 'gainst my skin. 

he mutters something an' I don't need ta speak european ta know he's swearin'. he grabs the needle an' jabs me again, but it does the same thing.  

now, 'spite what you guys might think, I ain't dumb. I know somethin's off an' I know I gotta get outta there. just 'cause that thing's turned off doesn't mean he can't hurt me other ways...

I slip off the bench, only ta have him grab my arm again. I try ta wriggle out of his grip, but as I said, he's strong for an old dude. 

he spins me 'round and 'fore I know it, he's got me against the wall. he jabs the needle again at me, but it bounces off again. 

I scream. 

just 'cause it ain't doing anyting doesn't mean I ain't scared. 

an' then, he stops. 

he just stops. 

he's still got me against the wall, but he stops the needle. 

I stop screaming at him and look at him. his glasses are about to fall off an' his usualy neat hair is everywhere. an' those blue eyes of his...

they look tired. 

not like sleep tired (though, they look that too), but like he's got no idea what to do. 

he lets go of me and removes his glasses. he turns away from me, but for a single moment, I can see his eyes properly. 

he looks like he's crying. 

"doc? the freaking hell?" I demand, more 'cause I'm freaking confused than anything else.

"sorry." he mutters. "I...I shouldn't of tried zhat." 

"tried what?" 

"zhat." he waved at the needle he dropped on the floor. "I...I can't do anything."

"dude, why not?"

"its zhiz..." he waved at where he had tried to jab me with his weird needle shit. "I can't experiment. zhat always happens. needles bend. mein scaples von't cut. its like zhey are all made from rubber. zhere...zhere is nothing for me to do here."

"dude, ya our doctor. 'couse theres stuff for ya to do."

"you don't understand." he picked up the needle. he presses it against his hand, but it bends like it did on my arm. "I can not pratice science if zhiz...thing stops me from doing *anything* zhat might be harmful."

"ain't that good though? I mean-"

"science has its cost. every new discovery has its risks. but if I can not even *try*, even if zhe only victim is myself, I can not learn anything. I can not improve, I can not...I can not..." he sighed. 

"I don't know vhat to do."
