Thirteen days have past since the King's message rang through the streets a Tyrodon. Fear and worry could be seen on many faces. Princess Adaline was one of the kindest people in the city. She spent much of her days having the city troops help the poor, with her right along with them. Her beauty was unparalleled in all the kingdom. She was as fierce as a panther during the rebellions, and able to hold her own in court against advisers that attempted to control her. She was irreplaceable, and thirteen days ago, a fearsome golden wyrm had taken her hostage.

As is known all over, the wyrms love all things precious. What they determine to be precious tends to differ between each of them. Many believe it to be gold and treasure, some beautiful women. One in particular once found apples to be precious, which caused an apple shortage for many decades. Whatever this golden wyrm believed was precious, it seemed that Princess Adaline was on that list.

The king was in grief over the affair, none had seen him since the first day. Talk comes down form his servants that speak of his insatiable hunger and unfathomable depression. It is said Adaline and her father became very close after the death of the queen, completely inseparable. Their love for each other could be felt through the city, and it brought a dark mood among the citizens during this time. The markets were filled with quiet, forced shouts, rather than their typical, excited bellows. The flowers in the gardens seemed to droop more than usual. The dogs no longer barked with quite so much glee. It was hard to say that there existed a more sad and heartbroken city. 

The heroes came and went of course, all in search of lands, glory, and possibly even love. Or what they thought was love. They just wanted a pretty wife to call their own after finding the lands and glory part. The king, however, cared not their motives, and only wished for the return of his only child. So they would enter the city, meet with the advisers, and head out for their glory, or more likely their death. 

Thirteen days have passed, and in that time no hero returned. But on the fourteenth day, as dawn broke, and golden sunlight poured over the fields and farms surrounding the city, a single rider came up the path leading to the city. He was dressed in an lengthy black coat that would have draped to his knees had a donkey not been in the way. It was elegantly lined with white satin, and spoke of a wealthy person. The rest of his clothes seemed to mimic this thought. His shirt was made of rich silk of a blue and white design. His pants barely had a speck of dirt visible. Upon his head lay a hat that seemed to stretch high above what his head could ever fill. Perhaps most impressively of all was what sat on his upper lip, quite possibly the bushiest mustache Tyrodon has ever seen. 

The donkey seemed to tell a different story however. It was old and thin. It trudged along as was told, but walked with its eyes barely open, as if it no longer knew what to make of the world. It wobbled so precariously back and forth, it looked as if any step might cause it to topple over, spilling the nicely dressed man into the mud. This donkey was unique in only two ways. One, it was quite possibly unique as the most unreliable mount to ever exist on Tyrodon's lands; and two, it had a mustache that could rival the very gentleman who rode upon its back. They were a fitting couple, and yet a stark contrast from each other. 

They slowly trudged onward to the city, garnering many strange looks. When the donkey finally came to a stop, it was in front of the palace doors, where the gentleman dismounted and the donkey collapsed into a pile. Many onlookers began to debate if the donkey was actually dead or just sleeping. No one was really able to figure it out until about an hour later when the gentlemen exited the palace, patted the donkey a couple of times, and it got to its feet once more to carry the gentleman off. It was at this time that about twenty different individuals in the crowd became decently poorer, while thirteen others became decently richer.

As to why the gentleman ever came to the palace can be answered by the letter currently be read by a king laying in a bed of crumbs and dirty dishes, wearing a nightgown that seemed slightly tighter than it used to be. The letter was a simple one, with a simple message. "I have saved your daughter. Meet me and the windmill atop Dastardly Hill. You shall have your princess, and I shall have my lands." No name was written at the bottom. 

Filled with joy, the King sprung from the bed as if he was twenty years younger. He commanded the servant to get his Captain of the City Watch, and have him collect and retinue of the cities finest soldiers. The servant swiftly exited and the king not so swiftly began dressing. It was a challenge in itself to find clothing that was comfortable, as it seemed to the king that much of his clothes had shrunk. 

The group gathered outside the palace and set pace towards Dastardly Hill. It took many hours of traveling at quite the grueling pace before the group made it to Dastardly Hill. The climb up was wicked and cruel, but they finally reached the wind mill at the top. Sitting outside the mill and a wooden stool sat the gentleman. Beside him was a mass of bones and skin that could only be the donkey, either sleeping or dead. Some quieted debate picked this topic up. 

"Where is my daughter? Who is the hero to which these lands will be gifted?" The king spoke softly, not quite daring to believe his little girl was so close to coming home. 

"My lord, she will be here shortly, but I must ask that no weapons be drawn, no matter what happens. My master comes in peace and does not wish to do battle with your men." The gentleman spoke in a voice that seemed much to high.

"Anyone who will return my daughter will be granted the peace they wish. You have my promise on that."

The gentleman excused himself and entered the mill. When he returned, the king couldn't help but be disappointed. What he came back with was not his daughter or a hero, it was an intricate, twisted horn of some kind. Large enough to need to hands, but light enough to lift high up as the gentleman took a deep breath and pushed it through the twists and turns of the horn, producing a sound that no one could quite believe. It sounded as if the earth was cracking, or that of a fire in a hearth. Maybe it was both sounds together. No man that day could quite say what it was, but it mesmerized every last one of them.

Then, with a yell from a soldier, everyone looked up to see a streak of red heading straight towards them. Fear and anger built up in the king, it was all a trap. This man, if that was what he really was, had set a trap. The wyrms had his daughter, they just wanted him now. 

"At arms, men! We will not let this one win!" The king roared as chatter began to spread through the troops. They saw the same thing the king did, but they also had made the promise not to draw their weapons.

"Please...wait..." The gentleman croaked in a voice so hoarse one would have guessed he spent all night drinking and singing bards' songs, not blowing a horn for a few seconds. He was able to squeeze a few words out to make the king rethink, "or you'll lose your daughter."

"Hold, men. If you lie, know that your head will be off your shoulders before that wyrm can do anything to us." The king spoke angrily. The gentleman simply nodded.

It took only moments before the large lizard landed atop the hill across from the soldiers, and those moments were some of the most miraculous these men had ever seen. Most people of Tyrodon did not get a chance to see a wyrm up close, and when they did, it usually resulted in death. Only heroes got the luxury of living. So this was the first time these men saw the beauty of the shining red scales, the sharp black claws, the hundred foot wings spread wide as it landed, the membrane golden in color. The site of the wyrm was terrifying and amazing, but the most beautiful thing they saw was on its shoulders. Mounted upon the great lizard beast was the most beautiful woman in Tyrodon, Princess Adaline. As the dragon landed, it simply lowered its head, allowing the Princess to drop from the dragon's neck with grace. She quickly ran to her father yelling "Papa!" in her lyrical voice. The king dismounted and ran to meet his daughter and embraced her tightly, afraid to ever let go again. 

*My lands, will you grant them to me? I have rescued your daughter from Ballard the Dread.* The voice rang in the king's head. It was true, if the wyrms wished to communicate they could speak through telepathy. The king took a long moment, realizing just what the wyrm was asking. In the history of Tyrodon, only humans had ruled over its lands. This would upset the people, and king must choose. 

"Papa, he saved me. He won't harm anyone, he just wants land so none will bother him. You must help him!" Princess Adaline looked into the kings eyes, there was pleading within her voice, she truly became fond of this wyrm. The king made the only decision he could. 

"The lands will be yours, sir wyrm. We will just need to hash out some final details. We'll need a name, birthday, taxpayer history. You may move in when you'd like, have your gentleman swing by and speak with my adviser and you will officially be Duke of Vunderfoon in a fortnight. Thank you again brave wyrm for saving my daughter!"