Immortality, a pursuit of which dominated the human social consciousness for millennia. There are oh so many paths to it, whether it be immortality in genetics by giving birth. Immortality in prose by writing unforgettable scenes and immortality by science! 

I was a researcher for X-corp, a simple name with much darker ideologies behind it. We started out testing on guinea pigs, and rats until one day the U.S secretly approved of using prisoners as test subjects. 

It was a far too high-profit investment they said, I felt sick to the stomach but I knew there was no turning back. So I worked endlessly with my colleagues developing the pills. Each time that a subject died, I would look up there history. 

Looking up reasons for why they should have died. One day, I met a handsome blonde young man he had been sentenced to death for the murder of his parents. In my heart, I had already come to terms with his inevitable death. Until one day in the lab, as I was fastening his restraints to the operating, ready to dissect him again. He looked at me with a look from beyond the grave.

"I know I'm going to die soon, just find my sister Amanda and tell her she's safe now." Jonathan said wistfully before he said that he was a specimen with no name. I make sure to never think about their names. 

But I couldn't help but realize his humanity. Jonathan died on the operating table that day. The medicine's efficacy was too powerful and overwhelmed his organs. I felt the shame eat away at me until I decided to go to his sister. After the murders, she was sent to an orphanage and when I visited her I told her I knew her brother.

"You really saw him? How's he doing? They won't let me go to the prison, please tell me he's okay." She asked in an instant holding back her tears. I could tell her love for her brother and my shame just increased.

I asked about her life with her brother hoping to find reasons he should die. But I felt less and less capable of finding such proof. She told me of her parent's heinous acts against her, and how her brother did what he did to protect her. 

I felt a rush of emotions that I suppressed and fleed from the orphanage without looking back. A lump was in my throat threatening to consume me whole. I walked back to the lab filled with a bitter melancholy which I hid from my co-workers. I worked to complete the pill and we eventually did, and never again did I meet another Jonathan. 

Immortality will never have morality, anyone who takes this pill will lose themselves slowly. I am too old for the pill to have any effects, after the age of 25 it is no longer possible to stimulate the stem cells. 

But it was a blessing in disguise for me, I was now 28 and I can live knowing that I will one day get the punishment I deserve. There is just something cathartic about that, and these immortals will commit sin after sin and never be punished. But the true purgatory is the inability to live with yourself and eternal life. I've slept soundly since then, I will be punished one day and I will greet that day with glee.