King Ardelentalus' face was contorted in thought as he stared down at the old map, candle light barely illuminated the dark room. Dagger marks and charcoal marred it from years of use as the King stewed through one strategy after the other. The war had waged for too many years and each battle was close, but the aged King always managed to create newer and more profoundly ornate strategies that would confound the enemy and lead his forces to victory. His face crinkled in deep thought as he took a well used shard of coal to the map, leaving dark lines to dictate his armies next moves. 

The King's eldest, Prince Vaentus, sat in a velvet chair not too far from his father. He held a scroll in one hand and coal stick on the other, looking up when his father drew something new and scribbling notes on the scroll. The King was never particular about who wrote his orders, as long as they be delivered just in time for his army to enact their next daring move. 

"There!" He exclaimed with one final sweep of his coal before he began to stumble backwards. The steward who had been standing in the corner of the dimly lit room looked up with a start from his favorite pastime of picking his nails and rushed to get a chair behind the King, which the King collapsed into, clearly exhausted. 

"My son! Quickly! Send a bird! A courier! Anything! My orders!" The King barked out his orders, then collapsed again. He thin chest heaved with effort.

The Prince walked over and placed a comforting hand on his father's shoulder. "Do not worry father. The army will have your plan in hand before the moon fully rises. This battle will be ours." The Prince was crouched by his father, whose face seemed to shrivel now that he was not so deep in though. The King's body collapsed in on itself and his usually vacant expression and sunken, distant stare returned. The years had not been kind to the aging King.

"Brilliant as always, my lord." The steward whispered to the King and used the wheeled chair to move the King by his fire place, where he would sit for a few minutes before asking to be helped into bed. 

The Prince excused himself from the room and his consultant assumed his position at his side. 

"How is he?" The round bellied man asked in a timid voice. 

Vaentus let out a deep sigh, and his face seemed to collapse as well, though his eyes were full of grief. "He seems to get worse every day. The only time we can reach him is when he is planning wars and even then he hardly speaks. He doesn't even want to eat anymore and he gets weaker everyday. Cevier, tell me, am I truly doing the right thing?" The Prince paused and looked into his best friends eyes. It had been many years since either of them were young men. In the dim hall they both looked far beyond their years.

"Vaentus, my lord and friend, you are doing what any good son would do for his father. You know you have the support of the Kingdom. The *entire* Kingdom."

"But..." Vaentus trailed off. He looked away, out through a window in the hall where the moon was just beginning to rise over the peaceful Kingdom. "I always feel as though we're being dishonest. Lying to him. Cheating him."

"He was a great man in his day. All we are doing is letting him continue to be great. Let him pass with some dignity. He was a hero, and if he continues to think of himself as one, where is the harm?" 

Vaentus merely sighed. He'd heard it all before: How great of a strategist his father was in the day. How quick he was to make plans even in the bleakest of situations. How he could pull a victory from a sure loss.

It all changed some years ago, when his mind began to leave him and none had the heart to depose the King, as good of a ruler as he had been. Even when he went to war with the crazed King Daedelus of the North, none had the heart to stop him. That was, until the body count on both sides got too high and the sons of the two lands made the decision on their own. Neither King would relent on his own, so the Prince of the North and South decided they would meet together to do what their fathers would not.

Many would say it was love at first sight, when Vaentus and Claudius met under the Pax Tree with the full moon shining above them.

Prince Vaentus had always tried to hide the fact that his love of certain fellow soldiers was more than mere friendship, but he had been unable to prevent his heart from pounding out of his chest when he met Prince Claudius. The feeling was mutual on both sides, and while love between two Princes was unusual, it was even more unusual when it was exposed that the two had married in secret. However, they were both kind, level headed leaders, who led their forces to treaties instead of battle. It seemed normal, of course, that over the years they had begun to take over for their fathers.

King Ardelentalus had grown feeble and King Daedelus had always been insane. The Kingdoms had no problem deceiving the two of them and allowing them to think they were still at war, when even their sons were sharing a bed. It had always plagued Vaentus' heart that his father was too far gone to see how wonderful Claudius was and give his blessings to the couple, as he was sure his father would have had no objections to true love. Even now, Claudius had been introduced time and again to the King, but to no reaction.

Even as Vaentus thought of him, it seemed like Claudius materialized. "Vaentus!" He called quietly, coming up the stairway that led to the dark hall. "Vaentus, my father has lost it this time!" His voice rose when he saw his husband.

"What has he commanded now?" Cevier stepped in. A smile played across his face. For all the years that they had been fooling the 2 Kings, the jolly, round man had always been happy to play the part of director for all of the theatrics.

Claudius rolled his eyes in exasperation. "He wishes to burn down his own castle. Something about a great act of trickery. He says he needs a dragon and wishes me to send my sister to some gods forsaken caves as a hopes to seduce one and use it in some convoluted way. It makes no sense! Absolutely none! The man is insane, but I think he has too much free time. You should see how much ink he wasted." He stopped when he caught sight of Vaentus' expression. "Oh dear. What's wrong love? Is your father alright?" 

Vaentus gave a sad smile. "Nothing to worry about right now. The same as usual. We should figure out where to get a dragon."

Claudius huffed. "We can worry about such things later. Come, you look like you need to talk. Cevier we'll leave you to it." Claudius began guiding Vaentus away, likely to their chambers where he would fuss over Vaentus until dawn and then be asleep till midday.  

It was fine. The Kingdoms had united years ago and were at peace, both flourishing together as one united by two Princes, with two Kings who both performed great strategic moves in a war that had long ceased to exist. 