“Fuck sake,” I thought to myself, “not again.”

It was a weird sensation, being in this horror-esque realm full of other “mythological” beings, to be transported to the other side of a mirror which I end up staring into the faces of any random person. Older people are a rarity, however since I’m considered a ghost story, wisdom along with age and ghost stories are seldom allies.

Every single time, the client screams and runs away so I just leave, at this point it’s a waste of my time which could be spent fixing drinks at the dark realm’s de facto bar, of which my own personally named drink was made itself. “Bloody Mary” was an odd name, however it’s my own nickname... I’m actually a guy, Mary’s short for Marvin but hey-ho it goes along with the general belief so I can’t exactly argue.

When I’m summoned a sharp pain occurs, causing my nose to bleed and for  me to cry (tears are naturally of course blood) along with the short red hair this is probably why they run, due to this demon-like appearance I invoke.

I was being teleported through the realms, and yet again here I was standing behind another mirror. A young woman was across from me, the bathroom pitch black. Her eyes widened and she took a few steps back.

“Holy shit!” She left the room with haste.

It was different from the scream, I’ll give her that. I held my side in anguish, the pain usually starts to go straight away but sometimes it lingers.

“Bastard.” I muttered under my breath, as I got ready to head home.

However, just before I left my ears pricked up at the sound of the door opening slowly. I turned around, as the chick slowly entered the room with the type of caution that is only associated with fear. She looked back into the mirror, even getting right up close. 

“This is getting weird...” I thought to myself, I had no idea what she was doing. Inspecting me? It certainly is a one-time occurrence. I inspected her back, she was a more emo-type. Long, dyed black hair along with a septum piercing. Dark brown eyes stared back into my blood red ones.

She looked confused, “You’re... a guy?” she asked.

“Um... yeah? Ok before you run I’m-“

“You’re pretty hot.”

The confusion that was on her face shifted over to mine, “what the fuck is going on?” I thought to myself. Silence lingered on for a few moments, I was too baffled to speak.

“How tall are you?” She asked.

“I... what? Look, I’m only here to grant you three wishes.” I stammered. This was by far the most unique and odd encounter I’ve had.

“What? Aren’t you here to kill me? Stab me or something like that?” She asked, surprised.

“No, no that’s just a story. I grant wishes, I’m like a genie except a lot scarier I guess.” The nose bleeding had started to stop, I wiped my arm across my face and my thumb twice under my eyes to try and get rid of the fresh blood. It worked! Finally, someone from the living realm has seen me without all the gore.

“Okay, but like... seriously how tall are you?”

“Please just make a wish...” I said, this girl wasn’t annoying but I was so confused and shocked at these turn of events that I wanted it to be over, but at the same time it would be fun to ask her to summon me again just before I left.

She stood there for a few seconds, thinking. She began to open her mouth, and I began to work with the powers that be to grant these wishes for the first time in about one hundred years, it’s rather simple I take out a talisman, put my hands across it and pray into it. It’s kind of a shock that I’m the only one in my horror realm that can do it to be fully honest.

“Okay, I wish...” she stopped herself for a second.

“Yeah?” I followed up, waiting for her first wish.

“I wish to know how tall you are!”




