“Run!” said a man who had a black cap.

“What?”

“I said RUN!” said the man, urgently.

And I began to run very wildly. I didn’t know what was going on and why suddenly found myself trapped in this strange muscled body. But I run.

“Here,” he pointed a door at the corner of the street.

We entered a room, the man shut the door and took off his cap.

“What the hell is going on?” my voice boomed in the room, like avalanche in the mountain at the silent night. It was very unexpected and different from my natural voice.

“Are you a woman or a man?” asked the man.

“Are you blind? What kind of question is that?” I asked him.

“Oh, Jason!” a beautiful blonde woman came out of another room. She walked toward me in a very extra-ordinary way, as if uncomfortable with her hourglass curves. “Look what happened!” She opened her hands to sides like the Christ Redeemer statue in Rio. When she saw there are two men in the room she suddenly stopped.

“Jason, how you maintained your body?” she asked me, and then pointed to the man who’s now grabbing the black cap in his right hand. “And who are you?” she said with suspicious tone.

“Lady, I did not understand you. And I am not Jason,” I said.

 “I am not lady!” said the blonde woman with the voice as sharp as razor.

“Jason is here,” said the man. “As you see our plan succeeded, but we have problems.” 

After few moments of the silence the woman began to talk with the man. The man said he found himself in Africa. The woman said she came from Norway just five minutes ago. The woman also mentioned that her actual body on the upper floor and she put the body to sleep. And their conversation didn’t make any sense to me, so I decided it is time to interrupt.

“STOP THAT FUCKED-UP NONSENSE!” I shouted.

They stopped abruptly. 

“Look, what the hell is going on here? What happened to people? Why we run? And who are you guys?”

“We run,” said the man, “because they are after me. Actually, now they are after my body. That means you. We are Magitratels. You can think of us as a magician-detective-police force. We are after terrorist group who are magicians as well. They wanted to wipe out the people of South America. This body swapping spell was our last hope. It will gain us time, now when their members scattered to the different regions of Earth and they don’t know where they are.”

“Are you kidding me? It is not funny,” my huge body made me sure that I can handle this situation with a brute force. I stepped forward.

Blonde woman raised her hand and began to mutter something under her breath.

“Grandpa, what are you doing? It is my body!” said the man.

“I know, I know. I am just putting him to sleep,” said the woman. “It will not damage the body. We had no time to bullshit.”

My vision blurred. First it was cold, like a cold winter night. Then sweet warmness began to cover me and closed my eyes.
