Three thousand, two hundred, and eighty-seven.  

That's how old I really was today.

I stared at my birthday cake with Ninja Turtles on it, the flames on the candles danced and extinguished as I blew them out.  

There were only nine candles on my cake.  My mother cut me the first slice, she really was a nice woman. I only got to see her once a year, for the equivalent of a day, and not even that considering the monotony that was elementary school.  Being surrounded by third graders made me want to spend forever in the Library.

For some reason, since I could recall, I would wake up in the Library every night after falling asleep in my race-car bed.The Library, was an astounding feat of magic. Infinite in it's collection, new books were added daily.  I hadn't finished the original contents of the great building, much less started on the material that had been added since my birth.  Most only got to visit the Library of all Books for a single year, or one night rather, and I pitied them.  That was such little time for the wonders the Library held.

So, every night, I would live a year, and read.  I learned to walk in the Library, and talk in the Library.  The young and old librarians cared for me in my infancy, seemingly unconcerned that I was such an anomaly.  They refused to answer my questions, telling me that I would know when I found the right book.   It irritated me, and had irritated me for thousands of years.  Though after about three thousand years a lot of things irritated me in the waking world.

Like this party, it irritated me greatly.  My mother was pleasant enough, and the cake delicious. But I found the screams of my classmates and family grating to the ears, and I longed for my quiet nook in the atrium of the Library. 

Finally, after several hours of party games, and my dad trying to figure out a handful of my new toys, it was time for bed.   

I was excited for this evening.  Waking world birthdays were always celebrated in the Library, usually with handmade gifts that were beautifully crafted, or special books. My mother stood framed in the hallway light as I swallowed a dose of melatonin, and snuggled into my blankets.

"Good-night Dennis, Happy birthday."  She smiled at my murmured "thank you." and shut my door.   

Within minutes I stood beside a polished maple desk.  Large chandeliers with stained glass lamps danced warm yellow and orange light off of the infinite stacks of books. 

"Hello Dennis, Happy Birthday!"  A hand planted itself heavily on my shoulder and I turned to regard Librarian Flyn.  His enormous stature belied his quiet movement, coupled with his prankster nature, it was a combination for a heart attack. 

"Thank you Sir."  He laughed, rippling his great, bushy mustache, before presenting me with a small box wrapped in golden paper.

It was a tiny clockwork scarab made of white and green marble.  A stunning work of art it fluttered to life in my palm, seemingly energized by the warmth of my skin.

"It's beautiful! Thank you." I bowed to him deeply and he laughed again, wrapping an arm around my shoulder. 

"You're always so formal with us Dennis, we've told you many times you can call us by our names."  A blush crept up my neck and I smiled a sheepish grin.

"They sound weird coming out of a child's mouth."  He laughed another booming laugh as we walked into the central room of the Library.  There the rest of the Librarians awaited us, a pile of prettily wrapped presents piled on a small reading table. 

"Ah Dennis!"  The ancient Librarian Jung hobbled to me, hugging me tightly.  He had been the one to discover me as a baby, screaming amid the stacks.  They tell me I had been there without nourishment for the equivalent of several days, and that I was lucky to have survived.  Death in this dream apparently meant a real death. 

His gnarled hand led me to the table, seated around it were the handful of other librarians, ranging from the teenage Ladyra, to Jung, who's age was indeterminable.  

"Come let's open your gifts and have some breakfast hm?"  Librarian Jung presented me with a hefty book wrapped in old maroon paper.


----


I spent the next few dream days playing with my new trinkets.  The beetle, I had learned, was like a flying multi-tool, equipped even with a tiny blade and a flashlight.  In addition, I had gotten a carved bone whistle, shaped into a bird's skull, hanging from a chain carved from a piece of reflective red stone, a soft blanket woven out of an unknown blue-gray material, and several other items.  The most noteworthy of which, was the book Librarian Jung had given me.  

Bored of my trinkets I cracked it open.  There had been no title.  Flipping past the first few pages of emptiness I discovered it was a journal.  The first entry read:
*My hands are finally large enough to manipulate a pencil.  I believe that I am approximately three at this point, but I have lived a thousand years.*

---

A librarian.  I was meant to be a Librarian.  Of course I had the choice, and I could stop dreaming of the Library of all Books, but I would never give up such a precious gift.  The aged book had even given insight into why I had received the book on my ninth birthday.  A new Librarian would appear soon, and I had to be ready to help the others with both the care of a child, and the care of this beautiful library.  I was ready, and had already made up my mind that I would be satisfied if I could never leave this place at all.  

Sighing, and feeling about another thousand years old, I stood up and stretched my back.  I lifted the book and slid it into the shelf beside me, noting it's location, but knowing the other Librarians would know where it was almost immediately.  My hands slid along familiar spines as I wandered the stacks, looking for an unfamiliar title to curb my racing mind.

That was when I heard it, a soft crying sound, muffled by books. Tentatively I continued forward, checking the rows as I passed, until, there she was.  

She was a tiny thing, brand new to the world, a pink stocking cap on her head and a lavender swaddling blanket loosely wrapped around her flailing body.  

This little baby was pissed.  

I picked her up and she stopped crying immediately upon being cradled in my almost too-small arms. Moving slowly, I carried her back to the central room of the Library, where a few of the other Librarians had gathered. 

At my arrival they all turned, and looked shocked almost at the appearance of the baby.  I smiled at them and shrugged, triggering a round of ear-splitting screams from the baby now clawing at my arms with tiny nails.

"I think she's hungry."


---


Thanks for reading!