Firstly, I'd give my new cursor a name. What's the point of owning a powerful tool if you don't have a name for it? It needs to be a cool name. Muldoon. Yes. Muldoon shall be it's name. Next up, testing. Stay in the house and look at your objects. Don't like the colour of something? Change it. Want some extra pocket money? Make it. Want a bigger TV? Resize it.

Now, take it out for a walk. See if you can customise it. Quick shine, give it some shades. If anybody questions it, just cover their mouth with the cursor...and delete them. Now, after your new friend's got a name, a test and a new look, time for the real test. Try dragging yourself to the mall. Make everything free for you and only you. Buy anything you want. Get a new look yourself. New hairstyle, shades, tuxedo. Next, you realise that you haven't even gotten a promotion and you've been trying and trying. Time for the quick way out. Give yourself the CEO position. Congrats, now you own google.

Allow yourself multiple jobs. You can handle it. You got Muldoon, the best friend around. Become the President of the USA, the King of the UK. Own the whole world. But then you realise...why just stop at the world? How about the whole universe?

You spawn yourself a rocket-ship and a bunch of earth flags. And I mean a bunch. You want everything. Anybody talks back, you know what to do. You become the equivalent of god. And now you need a home to complement it. You take off to your one and only destination. The centre of the universe. You build a mega-space station, then you build the perfect wife and the best house for your cursor.

Everything is now yours. But soon...you get bored. You own everything, but you want more. That's when you realise something. If a cursor can break out of a computer, you can break into a computer. You begin to work on a digitizer...You're going to take over the internet. And then video games. Music. TV Shows. Everything and **more**.

And now you're not just the king or president or even the god. You are the Godfather of Creation. You travel through time and make the wheel and every other type of device and invention. And now you need to finalise everything. A trophy. You go to create it...

And your mouse dies on you. And so does your cursor. And you never even saved.

You watch everything you did slowly fizzle away. Your wife leaves reality. Your station starts to vanish. And you have a moment to wish that everything went back to as it was before...until suffocating.

Thousands of years in the future, humans finally investigate the centre of the universe only to find a human corpse holding a very old computer mouse. They take them back to Earth-92 and place the corpse in a museum. The mouse gets put on auction and a young man buys it, replacing the batteries. The cursor appears before them.

*The cycle repeats.*