Asla had never travelled this far east before. She chose to hike the last stretch of her journey, leaving her beat-up car under a tarpaulin, tucked behind a copse of trees. Nature had beat back man’s progress here, and all she had for company were the skittish wildlife, the rush of the waterfalls, the snowflakes cascading down belligerently. Walking rejuvenated her, but more importantly, it gave her a chance to attune her senses, probe for the Folkvarthr, the guardian of the town.

She found him perched on a rocky outcrop, just a couple of miles from Seydisfjordur. Asla knew she made no noise, left barely an imprint on the fresh snow beneath her feet, but before such an experienced master, she might as well have been beating a drum, strumming a lyre.

“Folkvarthr, I come in peace,” she said, keeping her distance. She used the honorific so that he would know that she was cut from the same cloth, another member of the ancient clan sworn to protect their country. Underneath her shawl, she gripped her twin knives, priming her defences. It never hurt to be prudent.

The older man turned then, and for a moment Asla wondered if the reports were embellished. There was a placid calmness to him, and none of the fire and brimstone she was cautioned about. His eyes, dulled with age, reminded her of the frozen orbs she sometimes had to scrape out of bowls she had left out.

“I don’t recall asking to be relieved,” he said. “I am not yet battle-weary. I intend to guard this town until I die.”

“Olafur, you have done us a great service,” Asla replied. “The records run with the great deeds you have accomplished. You have saved this town more times than anyone can count. You have more than earned your rest.”

Olafur scrounged on the ground, picked up a couple of smoothened pebbles. Asla narrowed her eyes, but this time she was over-suspicious – Olafur aimed the small missiles not at her, but at three spots away from them, one to the north and the others to the west. There was but a bleak light still illuminating the valley, so Asla relied instead on her hearing to determine where the pebbles landed.

“Those are where the rifts are,” said Olafur, dusting his palms off. “The monsters don’t come as often now, but they still can, and they still do. They are different from the ones you deal with back in Reykjavik, or wherever the hell you came from. Nature emboldens them. They don’t emerge at night, skulking in the shadows. No, these prefer the day, where they revel in being seen, being feared. There’s a sadism in these parts that only I can handle, young one.”

There’s a sadism alright, thought Asla, but instead she said, “I will be straightforward, Folkvarthr. This is not a request. The Council has asked that you retire, with immediate effect.”

“Oh? After all the good work I’ve done?”

“Too good, in fact,” said Asla. “Reports have come in that you no longer communicate with the town, that you have completely shut yourself off from them. The local children don’t even dare come near you anymore, and they have started calling you the Boogeyman, the Reaper. Even worse, the monsters that you slay… you’re not just putting them down, you’re *slaughtering* them. The Council has reason to believe that you-”

Olafur chose to move at that moment, streaking in a blur towards highground. Asla was ready, and so she followed closely behind, matching him step for step. She considered the possibility that he was leading her towards a trap, but pushed that thought away. She had to believe that there was humanity yet left in him.

Some hundred feet above the ground, a cave opened up alongside the hill, hidden if one were only looking in from the roads. Olafur paused there, then snapped his fingers, bringing to life the candles within. Asla discerned immediately the two urns on one side of the cave, and the heaps of ash on the other.

“They took my family, was that in your reports too?” Olafur asked. “I had just saved the town from another invasion, took down no less than three ghouls and two ogres on my own. They come in waves, so I thought we were safe for a while. But they were hiding, down by the waters when my daughter went to swim. My Hansa struggled with them, but she is no practitioner of glima that I am.”

In that moment, Asla understood why the Council had chosen her, of all the practitioners, and a tiny bit of the tension in her seeped away. She was not going to die here today, after all. “No words can convey my condolences,” she said, eventually.

Olafur didn’t seem to hear. “And everyday, everyday I add on to the ashes of my enemies. I think, maybe, when there’s enough of it, it will all make sense again, feel right again.”

“Has it worked?”

“No,” said Olafur, “not yet. And that is why I cannot stop, you see? I have to keep going. I have to keep-”

Asla lashed out, her knives glinting as they sung through the air. She was not given to surprise attacks, but this was an opponent far more skilled than she was, and she would have to take what the gods of chance gave her. Heck, she had only felled the one ogre in her life, and that was quite an anemic one at that. 

Olafur caught her blows easily, striking at her wrists, deflecting her attacks. He stepped in, pushed his shoulder against her midriff, then lifted her legs. Asla tensed and recoiled, twisting in the air, landing on her feet. If she fell, it was over.

Round and round they went, like marbles in a cone, striking and rebounding, feinting and parrying. At times it seemed that Asla, with her youth and vigor and aggression, had the edge. But Olafur would come back, a crashing fjord of implacable power, brushing her off like a weevil. Then, a slip, as Asla’s foot caught on an uneven patch of ground, throwing her off just a couple of inches.

Olafur seized the moment, overwhelming her with a deathgrip. Asla kept still, quivering despite her best efforts. She was at his mercy.

“Why does the Council stop me?” he asked, breathing heavily. “Can a man not have his revenge?”

“You are showing signs of taint, Olafur! Do you not see that? In a year, or two, will your bloodlust have calmed?”

“I am *in control*!” he said. “Why do you think I have not snapped your neck?”

Asla sighed, then relinquished her knives, dropping them to the ground. Olafur had not yet yielded in the face of her surrender, so there was only one course of action left. 

“I bring with me too another message from the Council,” she said. “Straight from your master’s mouth, the same one who assigned you here years ago. He bids me to remind you that you have done your part, that you deserve, at the least, some rest. ‘Any of us can quell the monsters, Olafur, but only you can tend to your wounds. Let Asla carry on your work for you.’ That is what he said.”

Asla waited, and eventually Olafur loosened his hold. She broke free, then turned to assess her opponent. The fight had deserted him, and the hunch in his back, the despair on his brows – there was no more duelling to be had. Olafur averted his gaze, but Asla caught the hint of moistness in his eyes.

“She… she would be around your age, if she were still alive, you know?” Olafur said, staring off into the distance.

You bastards, she thought. It’s not fair sending someone who reminds him of his daughter to fight him. That’s just underhanded.

“I know,” she said.

There they sat, as the sun completed its retreat, and the stars reclaimed their fair share of the heavens. From the distance they heard the merriment from the town – preparations were underway for the winter festivals, and Asla sensed that even the monsters would have the decency to stay away this night.

“Where’s good for dinner?” she asked, tentatively.

Olafur sighed. “I can show you, if you like.”

Asla smiled.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny 
