“It’s not what you think,” God says.

You’re surprised at first, but then you realize that it’s God after all, and he can’t possibly die.  Your mind is filling in the blanks though, moving along lines like, “If God wants to have a corpse, who am I to question?”

“Help me up,” he says, startling you as his right hand shoots out and grabs your wrist.

God struggles to stand and then brushes himself off.  He’s wearing the typical white robe that everyone expects him to wear with the exception that this one seems to be a little on the threadbare side.  You also notice that there are obvious wine stains on the sleeves and chest area.

He looks you in the eyes with a real intense stare.  He’s standing right in front of you and you feel a little intimidated.  The creator of the universe is standing there and you can just feel a question coming your way.  You know it’s going to be a doozy and for some odd reason, you don’t think you can push it off on some support desk analyst.

“How did you get in here?” he says, and you feel a little bit better.  This is like the easy question asked of the first knight when crossing the scary suspension bridge in “Monty Pythons Holy Grail.”  You’re thinking, “I got this one!”

“What is my favorite color,” you mutter while smiling to yourself.

“I didn’t ask you that,” God says and his forehead has deep lines of worry running across it.

“Um, sorry, just talking to myself.” you reply sheepishly.

“I went by the gates, nice golden gates by the way, and they were wide open and nobody was there.  The place looked quiet, and I guess I ended up here by mistake.  Sorry about that.”

It’s then that you notice that things don’t seem to be in very good order.  There are various tables and chairs strewn around in a wide area that is bordering a pool of placid, azure water.  You draw in a deep breath, but try as you might, you cannot smell even a hint of chlorine.

“So just before you go off and tweet some fake news that Lucifer has stormed heaven and shook the place up, let me just say that the Bible has a lot to say about life but not a lot about how you should conduct yourself after death.”

You stand there with a dumb look on your face, and it is then that the real panic sets in.  You rifle through your pockets and find that you don’t have your smart phone with you.  You realize that the loss of tweets, twitters and Face Book updates are the real pain and suffering after death.

God notices your fear and that you are becoming distracted.  His right hand grabs your chin and he directs you to look him straight in the eyes.

“People did this,” he says and he seems to be emphasizing some point that is going over your head.

“They get here and we put on a wine and cheese, sort of like the first faculty party you go to in University.  Ours though, are monumental.  Why not, its heaven after all?  What happened here is that we got a huge number all at once and they pretty much went ape shit crazy.”

“Because - as you’ve said - nobody knows how to act in heaven,” you say and your existential feeling of abandonment from smart phones begins to wane.

“Bingo!” he says.

“So where do we go from here,” you say and then, “where is everybody?”

“That, my dear boy, is what we are going to find out.”

God starts walking and you sort of fall in behind him like a puppy.  He works his way around deck chairs and piles of used towels, and you notice as you’re following him, that there are bottles of sun screen laying everywhere.  You wonder if the ozone in heaven has bounced back yet or even whether they banned CFCs in the first place.  You seem to remember that the religious right had big doubts about spray cans and how it was impossible to blow holes in the atmosphere, science being an unproven approach to reality and all.  You consider grabbing one of the bottles and dousing yourself with it, but before you can, God has moved far ahead of you and you stumble ungracefully to keep up.

There is an old man sitting at a table that has a bright yellow umbrella sticking through its center.  He is slumped forward, resting his forehead on the table and there are goblets of wine – some broken, some tipped over but whole, and a few with actual wine still in them.

“Pete,” God says, and he grabs the old guys shoulder and shakes him roughly.

“You don’t mean to tell me, that that is St. Peter, do you,” you say incredulously.

“The one and only,” the old man slurs his words like his mouth is full.  Then he straightens himself in his seat and extends a long withered hand.

You take his hand and his grip is enough to make you pull away and cry for your mother.  He smiles at you and God rolls his eyes.

“He probably crushes half a million hands a day, give or take round off errors.  Imagine how strong you’d get if you shook that often.”

“No gym fees,” Peter says and he’s flexing his biceps.  His sleeve is pulled up to expose what looks like the hump of a turtle’s back.  Its right in the middle of his arm and it’s doing a dance that’s making you nauseous.  Then he leans over and extends his lips and plants a big smacking kiss on the turtle’s shell.

“So, where’s the last batch gone off to?” God asks looking around in confusion.

“Don’t look at me,” St. Peter says, “I didn’t take em.”  He laughs like it’s the best joke you’ve ever read on reddit, but then stops when he sees that neither of us are even smiling.

“Um, they got into some Jägermeister!  You know how newbies are?  Kids always get nuts and they have to go on to the next pub.  So off they went leaving old Pete to sleep it off and wait for the next bunch of bright eyes and bushy tails to show up.”

“Well then, I need you to process this lad here, and once you’re done, get that rabble back here, with mops and buckets, and put this place back in some sort of order.  Oh and no Jägermeister for this kid.  For you my boy, you go straight into a typing pool.  I’ll send over some tablets with some commandments on them.  Not sure whether 10 will do the trick yet or not, but for now I’m going to wing it.  Thou shalt not touch Jägermeister, yes, I think that’ll be the first commandment.”

God is smiling to himself as he leaves.  St. Peter lets out a groan and farts when God is out of earshot.
