I did not know what to say.  
Ibem shrugged. "What's the matter? I'm dead right? You're the Grim Reaper here to take my soul away? *Whoosh whoosh?*" He made vague scything motions with his hands.   

"No, I'm not him. I'm his...brother. Well, sort of like a brother. And the scythe thing is just his weird affection. Obsessed with metaphors, that one." I pulled back my hood and nervously ran a hand through my hair, finally taking a look around the room.  

It was beautiful, well decorated and full of light and colour. But it was completely designed for one. From the perfectly positioned television, to the single serving dining table, everything was purpose designed for a single man.  
A pair of drones alighted on the delivery pad just outside the window and took off again, barely stopping to drop their food off.  
 
"Well, whoever you are, lets get this over with." Ibem, said impatiently, turning to admire himself in the mirror one last time. He was dressed quite dandily, in bright colours and lavish silks. All wasted, I thought, since he never went outside...
He still looked good though.  

"I wish it were that simple." I took a seat in the only open chair and considered what to do.  
200,000 years of reaping with no precedent for something as absurd as this. Who ever heard of a man without so much as a acquaintance in a world?    
"What's wrong?" The young man said, sitting next to me. "Are you stuck mute by my dazzling good looks?"   
"Ahem." I blushed slightly but continued on. "Well, the first problem is you're not dead." measured my worlds carefully. I was not sure how much I could explain to him. But more than that, whatever his fate, I felt had to understand.  
I pitied him.  
"Well, that's good news, isn't it?" Ibem muttered, sensing that more was still coming.  
"Yes, and no. See, you're still alive. But you're just died your True Death." I watched him absorb the words.  
"I think I've heard of this." Ibem said, his eyes taking on a dangerous gleam. "The first time you die is when your heat stops beating, and your body dies right? You get a big funeral, weeping family and friends, grim reaper shows up, all that good stuff."  
I nodded. He had the right of it. Not always with the weeping family, sometimes people even cheered, but they still acknowledged it.   
"And then there's the second death. Centuries later, when all that knew you are dead, and even your name is dust. Then you die your True Death. The final death, that all must face alone."
Again, I nodded Again, he was mostly right, but the True Death did not always take centuries, in certain situations - particular political or religious ones - it happened within minutes.  

"You're some kind of Elder grim reaper."  

"I'm sometimes called the True Reaper." I replied apologetically. "And yes, you could say that."  
"That means I have been forgotten. In my own lifetime. I kept saying I would leave the house, that I would go out see people again. That I would begin living life again. But it is too late. It is already too late."   
"I have been completely forgotten by the world, and have died my True Death!" Ibem cried out, and I wrapped an arm around him.  
He sobbed loudly, and I held him, unsure what else to do.  
  
"When did they die?" He asked suddenly. "And how?" I knew what he meant.
"Just now." I answered. "A leak from the gas heater."  
"They were together? And they did not suffer?" I saw how the question pained him to ask.  
"They were. And no, they did not suffer."  

We sat there on the couch for a few minutes, as he composed himself.  

Ibem suddenly stood and looked around the room, as though for the first time. "So, this must be doing a number of you and your brother, huh? What do you need from me?"  

I shrugged. "I'm not quite sure. I'm still considering options. But I need to do something soon, before...that happens." I pointed at to the tips of his fingers, which were beginning to turn to stone.       

"Of course." Ibem answered. He seemed to consider for a moment and then dashing into the kitchenette, he grabbed a knife from the counter and held it to his own throat.  
"This would solve your problem right?" He met my eyes. "I don't turn to stone and suffer for eternity? You don't have to figure out how to get me our of this body without killing me. Since you and hour brother cannot interfere with each other right? There are always rules..."

Tears streamed down my face as I crossed the distance between us.  
"No." I whispered, taking the knife from his hand. I let it fall to the floor, and held him against my chest. As I did, I made a decision. "There is another way..."

*I'm sorry to put this on you* I thought to my brother, *but I must be foolish once again.*  
I could sense the vague amusement emanating from the Grim Reaper through our shared bond.  

"What are you doing?" Ibem asked with amazement, staring at me. I knew what he must be seeing. My skin turning translucent, the solid. My face gaining losing colour, then gaining it back with force.  
"Buying you more time." I answered, completing my transformation.  "You are no longer forgotten."  

I sighed heavily, exhausted from the effort of becoming mortal. "I still remember you. That counts for something."  

"Thank you." Ibem cried, hugging my tightly. "I promise I won't screw up this chance."    

I smiled and said nothing, thinking on the day I would die.  

