Spring wind blows lazily around me. I sit on my porch and watch as birds flit through the fresh life of the forest behind my home. Vibrant green leaves mix with dark brown tree trunks, and wildflowers appear randomly among the grass carpet of the forest.

I sip my coffee and look up into the sky. It's a beautiful day. Clouds hang lazily in the air, without blocking the warmth of the sun. It's rays reach down and kiss my skin. 

There isn't another home for a mile in any direction. It's quiet in these woods, easy to hear anything other than the normal chatter of the wildlife. My ears easily pick up the sound of tires rolling over the uneven stone driveway that leads to my house. I sigh and take the last sip from my cup of coffee. 

I stand and walk over to the edge of my porch. A black sedan pulls up to the end of my driveway. Two men step out of the vehicle. Their faces are foreign to me, but their purpose is all too familiar. 

They always come in pairs. Sometimes a man and a woman, sometimes two women and sometimes, as is the case today, two men. They always drive the same black sedan and wear the same identical black suits. They always ask questions, though never the same ones.

"Good morning, gentlemen," I say from the porch. "Would you like a cup of coffee, before we begin?"

"Good morning Mr. Kreit. Coffee would be very appreciated," the man who was driving replies. "We'll have a seat on the porch while we wait, if that's okay with you?"

"Of course, it's a lovely day outside. No need to be confined to the inside of the house," I reply.

I leave them and walk into my kitchen. I retrieve two cups and fill them three-quarters of the way with coffee. I don't add cream or sugar. They never take their coffee with cream or sugar.

I return to the porch and sit with the two men. They accept the coffee gratefully.

"So, what types of questions are we going to discuss today?" I ask.

"Only two today, Mr. Kreit," the driver says. His eyes are bright blue, and his refined features give him an aristocratic look. He is an altogether an attractive individual, unlike his companion. The man sitting next to him is a small, weaselly looking fellow. His beady, black eyes shift constantly as we sit on the porch. I don't ask their names. They never answer me when I do.

"The first," beady eyes says, "is quite simple. If an animal was found to be carrying diseases that could potentially wipe out the entire human population, would it be better to annihilate all traces of the animal from the surface of the earth, or try and contain the disease, until a cure could be found?"

I ponder on the question for a moment. "I would kill the animal. The life of an animal is never going to be equivalent to that of a human, and it's possible a cure could not be found before the disease breaks through the confinement."

The aristocratic man pulls out a pen and notepad and writes down my answer. "Very well," he says. "The second question is a little more complicated. Their is a man who controls the world. He dictates every major decision and is responsible for all events, both bad and good, that occur. The world is split between love for the unity he brings, and hate for the tyranny and prejudice that comes from a single ruler. Would it be better to leave the man in power, or kill him to return the world to a democratic society?"

That's a tough one. I think about it for a long while. The men respectfully remain silent and drink from their cups as they await my answer.

"This is one of the more difficult questions I've been brought," I admit to them. "I think mankind as a whole is a hysterical species. Everyone wants what they think is right, but no one can ever truly agree on what is right. Opinions change and people have a hard time agreeing with anything that isn't in accordance with their own ideals. However, mankind deserves to be as free as possible. One man can't control the world. The dissent he would eventually sow would be too great. Anarchy would rise and the people would eventually overthrow him. It's been seen many times in the past. If their was a plan to ensure a democracy would arise from his death, I would say kill the man."

The two men look at each other. The aristocrat looks a little more weary than when he arrived. I guess he didn't like my answer. It happens from time to time. These people come here and seek my knowledge. They prod my mind for answers to simple philosophical questions and complex diplomatic debates. I've learned that I can't please them every-time I answer, and it does not bother me if they don't agree anymore.

Beady eyes stands and reaches into his suit, probably for the same pen and pad his partner carries. I see the flash of sunlight against metal as he pulls a pistol from his jacket. I don't have time to register fear or confusion. He pulls the trigger. I feel a heavy impact against my chest, and burning as the bullet rips through my heart.

I fall against the wood of my porch. I feel the smooth cedar of the deck pressing against my cheek. I look into the sky as I struggle for breath. Blackness creeps into my vision. The sky is beautiful above me. I see it one last time before I fall into the abyss that is death.