Kinda late to the party, and my first time writing a prompt, so any feedback is welcome.

---

When I was a kid visiting grandma at our family reunions she used to tell us bunch of different stories and legends. They were mostly religious but interesting, but there was one story in particular that stroke me as out of place. It was about how when sometimes two people care enough about each other, god can grant them a time together in their last moments, and how this exactly happened when her father was about to die, and her mother just magically teleported to him or something like that, I really didn't take the story seriously, but maybe I should have. Because that's exactly what I think just happened to me. But there are two problems, all who I cared for already passed on long ago, and the room I just "teleported" to, is crowded with bunch of people I don't really recognize.

So that's the gist of it for now. And with that in mind, I decide to inspect the crowd around me to find any familiar faces. But before making any progress, I realize that most people faced to a single direction, and as I made my way through the small crowd to where everyone was facing, the reason why I came here made itself plainly clear. Right there, on an hospital bed, was lying an unconscious man in his deathdeb. But thing is, while the face looked somewhat familiar, I couldn't recognize who exactly was that.

So with even more question in my mind than before, and no matter how awkward it would've seemed, I decided to ask one of the people beside about that old man. But I didn't get any response back, which is an understandable reaction to such question in this situation. So I decided to turn to another, but before I could ask anything, some people started talking about the old man reminiscing about his past, so I just listened. 

They talked about bunch of different things, like the things they remember from their family reunions, and such. And the different stories just kept coming, about different little things, here and there, and people looked alittle more bright, until someone mentioned "how tragic" it was. The mood instantly changed, and most just looked down, and they started talking about how indeed it tragic when that person lost his whole family beside his brother in a car crash, and how awful everything was after that.

Thing is, that's exactly how my family died. And it hit me, how familiar his face was, how the different stories about his past sounded familiar, and how it wouldn't be strange for my mind to completely go off rails after such a tragedy. I finally understood when I was brought here, and my heart was filled with joy as I drew closer to m-. At this moment, a nurse absurdly came, and announced the following; "David Wilson, the patient's brother just arrived". I rushed to the room's door, which quite strangely I did with ease considering the crowd around me. And there it was, written on a disposable paper attached to the the top middle of the door, "Robert Wilson", and all I could think to myself as my "gut" dropped, "isn't that . . . . my name"?