"Here you go, sir."

Her voice was one of the finer variety, not all too sweet nor insufficiently warm. I could basically hear her name in the way she said *sir.* It was a strong pronunciation, and I knew her name, as I know everyone's name, before even seeing her.

"Thank you, Circe" I said, moving my hand to accept the jar of peanut butter she had proffered. Before I could claim it the jar dropped to the floor, rolling to my feet. I reached for it, wondering what I said to cause a reaction like that. I lifted my head and my eyes caught her name tag. It read "Ashley."

My insides curled up. I had never been wrong before, but now wasn't the time to be nervous. Cir-Ashley's face was a nice shade of off-white. Now was the time for damage control. "I'm sorry, Ashley. I'm not sure why I called you Cir-"

Her hand flew to my mouth as she nervously looked around the aisle. Her eyes were wide and shining. "Don't say that name. Never say that name. Not near me."

My heart stopped. I wasn't sure what to expect, and me being wrong about a name was unsettling in itself, but the way she looked over her shoulder was more than I can handle. She released her hand and I asked the first question I could. "Why? What about your name?"

She ignored me, rambling to herself "Nobody has called me by that name in *centuries.* Not since-"

Ashley's head snapped to me. Her eyes were no longer wide or shining, they were narrow and absolutely terrifying.  "Who sent you?"

"I- What?! Nobody! What's going on?"

"Is Nobody a code-name or something? Some kind of a trick? Well I've heard of that one before. Get a new one. How did you know my name?"

How on Earth was I going to explain *that* question? "Well, I-"

There was a crash in the supermarket. Not the sort of crash you hear when a kid is allowed to maneuver a shopping cart. It wasn't even the car-crash variety of crash. It was like the audio-equivalent of a stock-market crash type of crash. Then came the screaming. It was dark, and the sprinklers were activated. I was soaking wet, confused, and lamely holding a jar of peanut butter.

"He's here." Her voice was flat. Defeated.

It became very quiet. And I felt absolutely pathetic as I whispered "who's here?"

"The asshole who's taking me back to that stupid island." She slammed her fist against an unsuspecting group of SPAM cans. "I'm not going. Screw that. Not without a fight."

She stood up and flexed her fingers. Light crackled between them. "No point in not using magic anymore since they found me anyways." Circe looked my way. "Will you help me? Seeing as you got me in this mess in the first place, it's only right."

Life was getting too not-real. I just wanted a sandwich. Regardless, I resisted stuttering. "I'm not sure how much use I'll be against...what are we up against, anyways?"

The roar made it perfectly clear. Not human. Fantastic.

"You knew my true name before even speaking to me. Some type of ability, yeah?"

"Sort-of."

She nodded. "Right, well, clearly you aren't one of Zeus' lackies. I figured it was some ability. You can know anybody's true name, no exception?"

*Did she say Zeus?* I nodded. "Animals, too."

She smirked. "Perfect. I'm going to banish him. But the spell takes a little bit of time. You need to distract him."

"*Where* is he? *What* is he?" She didn't offer me much. Just a flick of the wrist towards the end of the aisle as her fingers began to glow purple.

My eyes followed to where she pointed until my eyes landed on a figure in the darkness. "Oh."

"Distract him!" she snapped. "But stay close. I need you to tell me his true name when the spell is ready."

My palms were sweaty. I threw the jar of peanut butter at the figure and began collecting cans of SPAM as ammunition.

&#x200B;

EDIT: WOW!! I was not expecting such a good response to my first r/WritingPrompts story. Thank you so much. As of right now I'm not sure if I could continue this particular story as I'm trying to save up my creative juices for my novel. But this feedback has convinced me that I *should* write. Because, honestly, I was doubting whether I should. You guys are the best.

&#x200B;