The sound of crystalized water tinkles inside a shot glass. Auburn liquid swirls, the ice rises and falls beneath it's waves.

"-but if we look at the difference between our implicit and explicit expentures we see why our gross profit has dipped. We are a technological company, we need to take chances. However I don't believe in chance, I believe it calculated risk-"

I watch the young woman dressed in a tight flesh colored Neiman Marcus dress decorated in shiny fish scale replicas, gesticulate at the front of the dinner table. Dress had to cost $3k easily. An easy price tag now that she was married to Leonard. He had used his M-Law delegation to get rid of his wife last year. Replaced her with this new young and hot brunette standing at the front of the table wearing his mark of economic success. Leonard was a Marketing Director with a seven figure salary and assets to boot. 

Silvia continued her speach about the companies revenue as we sat around a lavishly decorated dinner table of expensive meals. Swallow eggs, exotic fish and wines. I looked around the table. Leonard staring hungrily at Silvia in that dress. Greg looking bored with his nose in his phone. Jessica staring blanky, politely pretending to pay attention. I remember two and a half years ago she used her M-Law to kill a secretary who was reaching too high on the corporate ladder for her liking. She had been young, smart and attractive. All you needed to rise to the top and kick out the slightly aging women like Jessica. Jessica was only 40, but her vanity knew no end. Andrew, the straight and narrow businessman, taking notes in his little black book.

I brushed out the creases from my Michael Kors dress pants and leaned back into my seat. I continue to gently sway my cup in the air. All of humanities evils bubbled to the surface so quickly and matter of factly, so accepted, it was like people had been waiting for this all their life. Waited for the ok to murder their way to the top. 

"-Ask, what are you afraid of Mr. Xander?"

I look up, realizing she was expecting an answer from me. I clear my throat, sit up politely. 

"Nothing. Fear is the deterrent from opportunity."

That got a few approving smiles from the table.

"Mr. Xander  here has yet to use his M-Law delegation." Leonard began, taking the opportunity to get at the meat of this year's corporate move. 
"Got here on the merrits of his technological degrees and business savy. Which brings us to our new and most ambitious move since our acquisition of Gravity Field Technologies last year. Mr. Xander has agreed to use his M-Law to resolve our competition with Mr. O'Neal of Kakos Industries."

Greg raises an eyebrow interested. I hadn't explicitly agreed. A bullying tactic by Leonard, I will do it or I will face consequences. 

"O'Neal has proven an insurmountable obstacle in the profitability of our company. Tomorrow he will be flying out to Texas for a meet with his manufacturing team. Xander will be inconspicuously in the airport equipped with a small hand gun with suppressor. And... Well, use your imagination. "

Chuckles. Corporate murder wasn't unheard of, even before M-Law. But now it was all the rage. Anyone ambitious and who hadn't used their M-Law delegation was favored by companies. They could use this to get rid of talented business men at the head of competiting companies. I wonder if that's a part of the reason why I rose so high. I hear applause. I smile and do a small bow. 

"Its exhilarating Xander. You won't forget it. So much power in those few seconds." Greg says gently, trying to comfort me or something of the other. I smile. 
"Im not afraid. And I know. I'll never forget this day."

I leave the glass tower of Power-On industries. I've always enjoyed taking the public transit, it gave me the ability to remain grounded. Watching the world and workings of the average working man who didn't have an upper 6 figure salary like I did. I walk briskly through the adjacent flower park, absorbing the sunlight on my skin and loosen my tie. I close my eyes and meditate on the simple pleasures of life. The chirping of birds. The sound of involved conversation. The-  I'm startled out of my concentration by a scream. I open my eyes and see to my left a group of three teen boys, one holds a knife dripping with red so deep it is almost surreal. His friends are laughing, patting him on the back as he pants in exhilarated excitement. A man in a thick winter coat with a laundry cart next to him filled with personal items stands up from the bench he had been napping on. Grabbing at his throat. The same deep red dripping between his fingers. People gather around, some in shock. The kid would get a few months of Juvie and removed from the area. M-Law stated you must be 18 or older to participate and any one younger will get a record of their kill and it will count as their first and last. Likewise no one could legally kill anyone younger than 18. Strange law. One sided. I walk by casually, never looking twice. This is the world we live in. The one that was always there. 

I can't sleep. I think of the next day. The big day. O'Neal was once one of my favorite tech heads, he had been a part of the inspiration for my degree. His ambitions to break light speed travel was unprecedented. I get up, some woman i picked up moans in exhaustion then rolls over content with sleep. I open my mini bar and pour myself a glass of Whiskey and walk over to the floor to ceiling window overlooking the city. How many murders are happening right now? I take a sip. How many more to come?  I turn to the women on my satin sheets and admired her form for a few moments more. I need to prepare. 

"Xander are you in position?"
"I am..."
"Good. Now you know the opening will be short, he will immediately move to the private VIP area of the port with his security. The only opening is outside of the TSA. This needs to go perfectly."
"I know. I made preperations." 
"Ah good. I knew I could count on a engineer to get this right."
He hangs up. I pour myself a glass of hard whiskey and take a sip. 
O'Neal passes through the TSA. They pay him down, smile with him, ask questions about his new ambitions. His security follow behind slowly. 
I take a sip. My phone vibrates and I answer. 
"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?! YOU MISSED THE OPPORTUNITY!" 
"No. I didn't."
"What?! What do you mean? Xander? XANDER?! ARE YOU THERE?"

I watch O'Neal and his men enter his private jet. Watch the wheels roll down the Tarmack, Leonard screaming in my hand. I close my laptop which had been sending me the stream. I take a sip and look up. The jet flies over head. 
"Leonard, remember last year's acquisition? Gravity Fields?"
"Xander! You're fired!! You failed us all here!"
"No, you all failed me. And you can't fire me. Your company doesn't exist anymore."
"What?!" I hang up. I watch the graviton field activate sending a wave of attractive energy. The Jet is caught in the field, drawn toward the Power-On industries tower. People are screaming in shock and awe. People are running. I know what what I'll say in my case. Make it seem like a calculation error of one kill turned to many. It will put eyes on the law and possibly end it. I take a sip. 

I hear a thunderous boom. 

I close my eyes.

I hear screaming, feel a hot wind.

I meditate on the simple things.