"But you said you could help me!"

Clasping the bridge of his snout between two wart-riddled fingers, Butch let out a steady sigh. The human before him was clutching on to a stack of papers as if her soul depended on it.

Which, in this instance, it did.

"Mrs Rowan, could you read for me again the penultimate line of clause thirteen of your contract?"

The paper crunched between wringing hands. 

"Pen... penult..." Mrs Rowan stammered.

"The second to last line on page seven," explained Butch.

"Right," mumbled the human, "Of course. Let me just... I need my..."

She started rummaging through her purse, and Butch rolled his eyes. He hooked up a pair of glasses on the end of a razor-like claw, and held them out. It took some time for her to realise, and when she did she let out a little gasp. Then, tenderly, she reached for her glasses and slid them off of Butch's claw, eyeing it as though he might lash out and slit her throat.

She evidently still wasn't used to working with demons.

"Second line from the bottom, page seven," Butch prompted, head in his hand, claws dancing idly along the tabletop.

"Additionally - the - signatory - hereby - relinquishes - all - rights - in - any - life - past - present - or - future - to - his -"

Butch repressed a groan, and decided to finish for her, for the sake of his own sanity.

"*her, their or its soul and/or souls up to and including the splitting, harvesting or destruction of that soul between now and the end of time, with no recourse for appeal*," the demon said, plucking the papers from Mrs Rowan's trembling hands, "And beneath that? That is your signature. You signed this document, Mrs Rowan. You had it all in front of you and you still made a deal with the devils. There's nothing we can do for you."

"But... but... but... my *soul*..."

"Is now the property of Misters Balthasar and Balthasar. I would give you my sincerest sympathies, but they have been known to take legal action against less. Good day. *Next!*"

It took the whimpering human almost a minute to gather her things and shuffle towards the door. In a way, Butch felt sorry for her. That part of him that had taken on this career to make a genuine difference for the little guy still existed in him somewhere, hiding from its daily beating from reality, bureaucracy and crushing repetition, but very much alive. And humans were about the littlest spirits around, the single largest market for soul-based contracting. Yet if he had learned one thing, it was that you couldn't win every battle.

Or where Balthasar and Balthasar were concerned, any battle.

Perhaps Butch could still change the world.

Just... in a far more modest way than he had once envisaged.

A firm rap at the door shook the demon from his musings, and he looked up to see a human head peer around the door.

"Butchery Pestilence?" she asked.

"*Mr Pestilence*, if you don't mind," said Butch, waving his spade-like hand to the chair opposite. The newcomer strolled in, glancing around the office with an air of judgement, and even inspected the seat before calmly lowering herself into it. Once she was seated, she locked eyes with Butch.

Awfully confident for a human.

"My name is Sandra," she said, "and I need someone who can break an eternal contract."

Of course she did. Butch reached to the far side of his deck and picked up a wedge of parchment, slamming it down in front of her as he liked to do, a display of the immense amount of work that lay ahead of them both if she decided to continue with this vain attempt. Some day, he hoped it would actually help put one of them off.

"Right then, Miss..."

"*Sandra*," Replied the human, "if you don't mind."

Butch paused. He scratched his tusk awkwardly.

"Right then, *Sandra*," he said, "Eternal contracts are generally speaking very soundly constructed, with clear guidelines laid out by all parties and few if any loopholes. There would have to be a very good reason if you had any hope of getting out of such an obligation. Now, if the devil involved in writing up the contract had made some kind of mistake, there *may* be a chance that -"

"Oh, it wasn't a devil," Sandra interrupted, "it was a genie."

Butch tried not to splutter. He tried not to slap his forehead. He *really* tried not to swear. 

Well, two out of three isn't bad.

"I'm sorry, Miss Sandra," he said, "but you got yourself into an eternal contract with a genie. There isn't a more binding contract in all the Nether. Genies are very proud of their craft; three wishes. That's it. No ifs, no ands, no buts. Whoever told you to seek legal help on this, quite frankly, was either deluded or a sadist."

Perhaps Sandra had been expecting his reaction. Perhaps he wasn't the first lawyer she'd seen about the matter. Whatever the reason, she didn't show so much as a flicker of doubt.

"This contract needs to be broken," she said matter-of-factly, "and I don't care how it happens. Funding is really no object - I used my first two wishes quite wisely."

"It isn't a matter of funding, Sandra," said Butch, taking the parchment away before she started to think she had a chance of her case going ahead, "I'm simply giving you the reality of the matter. No genie will break their wishes."

"It's only the last one that I-"

"*Any* of their wishes."

A heavy silence followed Butch's statement. It fell over the pair and settled like snow. As he watched her, it seemed as if the fire of the human's courage was finally beginning to falter. A dimness made its way into her eyes. Despite her posture never changing, she somehow seemed smaller in her chair. Less powerful. More... *human*.

"What if..." she muttered at last, "what if I wished without knowing something? A crucial detail. Something I couldn't possibly have known?"

Butch sighed. She may have got herself into this mess, but he could at least try to let her down more gently than he had been doing.

"Sandra, I'm sorry," said the demon, "but no one can have absolute knowledge of the impact of their agreements. Genies thrive on that fact. It's core to their approach to wish magic. A wish made flippantly can have disastrous consequences. May I ask what your third wish was?"

Sandra shuffled in her seat.

"There's... a man. I thought he was my soulmate. My one true love. I wished to be with him for eternity."

Butch nodded.

"And now that you're with him, he's not the man you thought he was?"

"No, not that," said Sandra, "He's wonderful, he really is. But -"

"He doesn't love you back?"

"Someone else loved me more."

Ah. There it was. The twist of a genie's wish was never too far beneath the surface.

"I suppose this other lover didn't take kindly to your wish?" said Butch.

There was a long pause. Then Sandra nodded.

"And what, they tried to get in the way?" He guessed, "They tried to disrupt your happily-ever-after?"

"No," said the human slowly, "they knew my wish was what I wanted. What my heart truly desired. So they didn't try to stop me. They wanted me to be happy. But they couldn't live with the prospect of never being with me. So... so they..."

A tear ran down the human’s cheek. As a rule, Butch didn't make physical contact with his clients. Many didn't take kindly to the touch of a demon. But he made an exception here, reaching across his desk to lay a gentle hand on Sandra's shoulder.

"Humans can be such fragile creatures," he said, “But death is not the end for your kind. You know that now. When the human body dies, your soul lives on”.

Sandra looked up, and met Butch's eyes with the renewed fire of grief.

"It wasn't a human," she said.

Butch frowned.

“What do you mean?” he asked.

“The one who loved me most,” said Sandra, “the one who couldn’t continue existing without me.”

She wiped her tear away, replacing it as soon as it had gone. 

“It was the genie.”

&nbsp;

[JRHEvilInc](https://www.reddit.com/r/JRHEvilInc/)