"Hello world! Welcome to the show!" 

Bright lights swept the stage as the host stepped unto the stage. A loud applause came from the studio audience. Each and every one of them were excited for today, so much so that it was charging the air with an almost palpable energy. Even the host couldn't be helped but be swept in it, her smile brighter than it usually was and with the way she laughed after she greeted the audience. 

"It's good to see you all! And I know you're all excited, just as much as me, so let's get too it. Please put your hands together for Daniel D. Duvard!"

A much louder applause followed this announcement, almost thunderous. It was a rare thing of course, what was about to happen. After all, it's not everyday a dark mage, THE Dark Lord of all people, would agree to a live studio appearance. 

Said Dark Lord finally appeared in stage and the already loud clamor of the audience became full out cheering. The Dark Lord found this amusing and started to laugh loudly.m and raised his hands to the audience to greet them. 

"Hello everybody. And hello Ms. Faire. Thanks for having me on your show."

"Oh no Mr. DuVard, quite the opposite. Thank YOU for coming to the show. You have no idea how much of an honor it is to have you here. And I'm certain the audience here is just as excited." 

More applause came in agreement. 

"So Mr. DuVard, or should I say Lord DuVard,  I just have to say that you're the happiest Dark Lord we've ever seen" 

Laughter came from the audience and even Daniel gave a loud chuckle. 

"I know. Most people keep wondering if I actually am the Dark Lord. And please, let's drop the lord stuff for now. While I've been officially entitled 'Lord' for 2 months, I'm still not used to it. Just call me Daniel for now." 

The host smiled at this, then proceeded to bring out her question cards. 

"Well, Daniel, ever since you coronation as the new Dark Lord, how has your life been so far?" 

He gave a short pause and a small smile. 

"As well as you can expect. Pretty much a nightmare."

The audience laughed at this and he gave a hearty laugh of his own. 

"Actually not as bad as I thought it would be. Of course I never thought I would be chosen as Dark Lord when all of this began so I'm still waiting for the worse to come." 

"You mean the path of your magehood right?" 

"Yup. When I started my mage studies, being Dark Lord was not one of my ambitions."

"I actually heard that you were planning on being a doctor before this."

"Yes. And a non-magical one at that."

The host looked at him curiously.

"Why is that? I mean, knowing how important the study of magic is to medicine, why did you decide to be a doctor and not a healer like most?" 

"It wasn't for lack of trying. I did want to learn the magical healing arts along with the science of medicine so I could be the best doctor I could be. But finances were a huge problem growing up. My family could barely afford the multitude of fees, even with the scholarships I had. Add the fact that no institute offered magical training with a scholarship... well I really had no choice but hope to earn enough to continue my education."

"Yes I've heard of that. But I also heard that you were trying to change that."

"Yes I am. As the now new ruler of the Council of Magic, I've been working hard with different sectors to implement a universal education law."

"Oh? We've heard of the rumors but they've never been confirmed. Are you officially confirming that a law will possibly passed?"

"Yes. I am officially saying that we are working hard to make sure that education, both magical and non-magical, will be made available to all creatures of all socioeconomic sectors free of charge." 

The audience went crazy. Many of them were almost crying tears of joy at the news. The host was shocked, and quickly provided her own excited applause at the news. 

"Mr. DuVard, this is amazing! I've never heard of any previous council leader implementing a law as inclusive as this before."

"Growing up in a non-magical household, you get a different perspective on what the council should give more priorities on." 

"Simply amazing. Thank you Mr. DuVard. Truly. You will help so many people with this." 

"Don't thank me fully, it was my wife who did the most work. She helped me bring this law to the council and actually make them listen." 

"Oh yes, Mrs. Beatris DuVard, also known as former Beatris Styx, president of the Styx Conglomerate and current head of the 9 Circles of   the Darkness." 

"Honestly that title is a bit of a mouthful." 

The audience and the host laughed, with Daniel providing his own small chuckle.

"Actually, on the topic of your wife, a lot of us were wondering. From a lot of sources, we've heard that you might not even have taken the path to Dark Lordhood if it weren't for your wife. Can you tell us the story of that?" 

"Do you really want the entire story of it? Because it's gonna be a very long interview if that was the case." 

"Well, seeing as we're the only show that managed to get the new Dark Lord for an interview, I think we can afford the time." 

"Well, I can't give you all the details but I'll tell you what started it. The story of how I became a dark mage was, ironically enough, not because I was angry or chasing for vengeance, like how movies usually show it. It was because I fell in love with the daughter of the most powerful necromancer, and mage, in the entire world."