“Connie? Honey? Can I come in?”

Something slams hard against the other side of the door with a reverberating ring.

“Connie please take it easy with the axes honey.”
 
Glad I got the steel reinforced door after the last time

“I’m not coming out until that WHORE is out of this house!”

“Connie please…”

Another reverberating slam against the door cut off any further arguments from my side.

“I see Ms. Overdramatic has reached Category 4. Should I hide the other cutlery?” 

A scream of rage comes from the bedroom side of the door John was talking through followed by another heavy thunk of a steel axe embedding in the wooden door ending with a clang of the axe striking the steel reinforcement.

Best investment I’ve made in a while

“Fannie please you are not making this any easier, could you just go downstairs and order dinner, there are some pizza coupons on the fridge.”

“Sure daddy!” Fannie said in a sweet tone “Hope you don’t mind veggie though, my BOYFRIEND doesn’t like big girls.”

John braced himself for the guttural scream and sounds of violence from the door but was surprised as he was only greeted with silence.

“Fannie…please.”

John watched Fannie turn and bounce down the stairs. He knew that the girl could eat nothing but bacon from now till the end of time and never gain any weight. She made Kate Moss look like a Biggest Loser candidate.

“Connie…I’m sure…” John trailed off and rested his head against the battered bedroom door. He knew his daughter was in pain but that there would be nothing he could do until she was ready to talk.
“Mules could take lessons from that girl.” He muttered under his breath.

“Safe to leave the storm shelter yet?” a meek voice brought John back to the moment.

“For the moment Pez.” 

Pleasance, Pez for short, emerged from the bedroom opposite the one John leaned against. 

“Good, all that screaming was starting to give me hives.”

“Brave of you to venture out into the storm.” John chuckled himself

“I heard there would be pizza, had to make sure Fan orders something I can eat. She likes to get mushrooms on everything.” Pez involuntarily gagged at the word.

“Best head downstairs then, she could be ordering as we speak.”

Pez wiped her eyes with her handkerchief and John wondered if he had ever seen her without it in hand. More akin to a security blanket given the way she constantly tugged and pulled at it in her hands in an unconscious fashion. A wonder it has held up so long.

“Any requests for toppings?” Pez asked around the kerchief as she blew her nose.

“I’ll be fine with whatever you guys pick”

“I hate when you refer to us as ‘guys’. Guys don’t have breasts” 
John’s last daughter Dee emerged from the room at the end of the hall. Dressed in a black lace dress and veil you would think she was heading to a funeral instead of dinner.

“Some guys have breasts. Have you seen Joey Dotson run down the hall in school? It’s hypnotic.” Pez wiped her eyes one last time and started down the stairs. 

“Granted, Joey has exceptional breasts, but that is missing the point. It’s sexist.”

“My apologies to the feminist movement Dee. I promise to never refer to chicks as guys again.” John smiled as he goaded his daughter.

Dee rolled her eyes and spoke loud enough to be heard on the other side of Connie’s door “None of them are worth it Connie. Dad is the best of them all and is still just a smart ass.”

“Thank you Dee, take your sister downstairs and try to keep Fannie from ordering pure vegan.”

“There must be anchovies. I love the feeling of eating an animal whole.” Dee put an arm around Pez and led her towards the stairs.

“SO DISGUSTING!” Pez mewled as she and Dee descended. John smiled and thought at least two of his daughters were getting along well. Dee was normally the glue that held everyone together, hopefully after the storm passed she would be helpful in repairing the damage.

“Connie…I love you and as soon as you are ready to talk I’ll be ready to listen. In the meantime I there will be a meat lover’s pizza waiting for you downstairs when you are ready.” 

John rested his hand against the battered bedroom door and felt helpless. His daughter was in pain and there seemed to be nothing he could do about it. He turned to walk away when he heard a voice through the door so quiet he almost thought he imagined it.

“And root beer?”

“Of course there will be root beer, we aren’t savages.”

Just as quiet through the closed door “Thanks dad.”

“Pleasure to be of service my lady.” 

John turned and walked downstairs with a bit of bounce in his step. The first step towards piece in the house had been taken and soon all would be right with the world again he hoped.
