A thin layer of frost coated the study room widows, Archibald sank slowly into his father's large leather bound armchair.  Confusion tempered with disbelief surged through his rapidly warming body.  "Too... dangerous?". Archibald's hand began to tremble making the letter unreadable.  A lonely ember rocketed out from the crackling fireplace onto the luxurious alferbaden hide rug.  Archibald fixated his gaze on the ember as it's light slowly diminished.  Memories flashed before his eyes, the innumerable times his parents forbad, warned and even scolded him in his childhood for emulating the other kids playground behaviour.  "Your making a fool of yourself, never attempt to channel again!"..."This family is already the laughing stock of the order."  An overwhelming sensation of betrayal flooded him as various reprimands played over in his head. "Don't disgrace us any further, you have no magical affinity". He rose swiftly, carelessly discarding the letter on his father's desk.  "Where are they?" His eyes darted towards the towering grandfather clock. 8:15pm. The manor was never empty at this time, "where could they be?".  Archibald began rehearsing how he would best confront his parents when he was interrupted by a sudden knock at the door. "Edguard?" A shrill and curious toned voice inaugurated the arrival of timid, heavy set middle aged women that proceeded to waddle through the study rooms entrance. "Oh" remarked the woman, "hello Archie dear. I uh... Thought you might be Edguard".  Archibald sighed and pressed a reluctant greeting. "Hello Mrs Grouple,... No I don't know where my father is either"continued Archibald, anticipating her next question.  He drummed his fingers on the desk as Mrs Grouple approached the letter. A loud gasp followed seconds later. "Oh My". Her hands quickly clutched her jaw concealing her mouth. Archibald shot her a discerning look. "Did you know about this?". His brows narrowed and contorted his forehead.  Mrs Grouple started to back away towards the entrance. "You know you really shouldn't be in here deary" her voice trembling. Anger showered over Archibald who closed his eyes and letting it wash over him, he inhaled deeply feeling a distant yet somehow familiar darkness rise within him.  The door to the study swung shut with a loud crash.  Mrs Grouple cowered in a huddle fumbling over the the doorknob. "Oh please! Archibald dear".  The air in the room grew thin and tightened, the fire now roaring with new heights. "They lied to me!" Archibald barked. 
... <<More later, maybe...iPad about to die.>>