As early as 5 AM, I woke up and started to wear my tactical gear, the one I stole in the military camp. Time to leave the abandoned military camp. As soon as I open the door, I was greeted by a strong push from a sandstorm, there is no stopping now. I have to leave before clans raid this place. After 5 hours, I felt hunger, I tried to think it away, I can’t, so I just held it till I meet a new place. Its been long since I lost contact with the rest of my battalion, it was 17 years ago, I was 12, I was forced, either way I also wanted to fight. It was only me alongside my squad mates. My squad was lucky, I guess...

My squad was full of different ages. Im the youngest...
They all died one by one, every after a year, radiation, hunger, war, you name it. I’m the last one, we trusted no body. After almost an hour of walking and resisting to pass out, I found an half broken house, design from 5 centuries ago. I went in without hesitation, didn’t even think about checking if there are flesh eating animals made by scientists, clan members, or even those flesh eating people, not a cannibal but dead. I slammed the door shut and looked for the kitchen and sat down to eat the food I have, MREs, expired ones. I resisted for eating them for ages. 

As soon as I finished eating, I searched the house. The house was filled with memories of families, I also saw 3 skeletons that started to rot, rest in peace. Pictures, letters, medals, etc. I was a sad sight, after checking the house, I found a box, wood supported by a metal frame and covered by rubber and leather. I took my rifle and shot 3 bullets attempting to open the chest. I saw a well kept laptop with a paper, a USB drive, a big battery box and a letter. I took the battery and charged the laptop, took the paper and slowly typed the password, the computer opened and it was filled with happy memories. I took the flash drive and I saw two folders; one with a 2067 wikipedia and a file with pictures. I opened the wikipedia, with notes by a familiar hand writing, it was a pleasant sight, trees, world wonders, tourist attractions, anything but war...

The hand writing bothered me and I was filled by the feeling if about to cry. I looked at the photos, I saw me, I saw my family, my friends. I started to cry and I took the letter it was my family’s letter to me before I was declared dead, I cried more, I rushed to a small room, I saw my toys, books, and my child hood, I ran to every room
and I saw my life. I slowly walked to the skeleton and took the laptop. I took the laptop, opened a beautiful open field and showed it to the skeletons, “This could be our future.” I said. And then, I took my pistol.




Bang...