I open the packet at my desk, it's midday, I'm in philosophy 201 and I just Kant take it anymore.

It wasn't unusual for the packet to just be dropped off, no conversation, might not even seen a face. When I looked up I just saw the other typical people in class. Had the Circle hired in people young enough to blend in here? The guy I see walking away with the usual "post drop I'm so normal" walk is just some long, mildly grease-stricken hair. Must be new, never seen him. Eh. Makes sense I guess.

I scan over the paperwork, address, game time. I get it, it's one of those Socerer and Stone type games. I'll use the info to build my cover. Noticed no preferred method; the situation seemed to call for close up, quiet. I'd probably take a two stage approach; online and in front of his social group, thereby creating the worst possible situation for the mark. 

Evening arrives, after pleasantries are all set, the game starts. I realise I don't *get* it. I'm using every trick I've learned from the insertion to Russia, totally trying to catch up to rolls of dice, math. This was a horrible setup for cover, I dunno how the Circle ok'd this. The party is clearly getting irritated with my attempt at fitting in.
The *DM* as the group called him, pulled me over, whispering: what the hell are you doing? They said you were a pro! You're gonna blow it all, just hurry it up!

OK. I was totally unprepared, I mean usually I do this shit from home. So rarely am I set onsite! And when I do, the bounty is so much more defined.
I still think family incest is the way to go here. Time to drop the ball, and exfil. Besides, this DM guy, seems familiar. It's gotta be in my mind, who would call a hit on themselves, and be I'm the Circles' employ? Too far a stretch. 

I open my jacket, Manilla folders always make it look more professional, and threw it on the table.
Pictures of the so called DM in compromising positions with his own mother.
"There's your glorious leader you weirdos. Months of photos of him banging his mother. See what kind of wretch he is? These photos are going internet wide, already being uploaded as we speak! Fuck you, I'm out." the table is mildly stunned, I pull out my Taser, tase the DM, valut over his body and run out the door. I hear screams and wretching in the background. I spent days working those images, making them super realistic. Using the name and address was an easy way to setup a spot to just need a few shots of the outdoor of the house, mother and DM.

Quickly got in my car, sped off. Lit a smoke, taking the long way home. After my smoke, I called my Circle contact.
"Ruby here, please authenticate."
"Oscar tango omega 2"
"Agent, we have no open files for you."
"Wait, I just completed a packet"
"You must be mistaken. We have had no character assassination schedule today. Good day." followed by that familiar 'click'. 

What did I just do? 
