“What do you mean we’re being audited?” rasped the Old Man.

“I’m…I’m really not sure, Sir…” the thrall whispered, barely audible. 

“The scroll, well it just appeared pinned to the door.”

The Old Man rubbed his temples. This had never happened before; the Big Man upstairs always left his department alone. Why now? Could something have possibly slipped through the cracks?

“Very well. Whatever distaste I have for being micromanaged, it is usually best to play by the rules.” The Old Man sighed as he rose from his chair. His joint creaked and popped as his weight rested upon his feet for the first time in many, many years. “Fetch the torch and have Charon raise the boat,” he instructed the thrall. “We’re going to the Vault.”

…

As he combed his way through the endless shelves, the Old Man racked his memory for anything that might give him an idea of where to start. 

“It must have been recent,” he mused to himself. “Anything over a millennium ago and this wouldn’t have shown up now.”

He paused as he came to a gap between the shelves. On one side, the shelf was marked “MCD-MCDXCIX”, on the other side “MCC-MCCXCIX”. The Old Man preferred the Arabic numerals, but tradition is tradition, either way he was staring at the empty space where the 14th century belonged. He scratched his head, could he have made a mistake in there? It had been such a busy century for him, it was possible something might have slipped by. He hobbled his way over to the subsection of the Vault where, carved over the stone entryway, the words “BLACK DEATH” were carved.

The Old Man chuckled to himself as he began to scan the room. “Black Death, the humans do have their dramatic flair. As if I wanted that disease to keep me from a moments rest for all those years.”

He searched the rows for days, but nothing stood out as anything less than his usual work. The people whose hourglasses were contained in this room all died centuries ago. The relics were dusty and dark, all the life they once held had long since faded into nothing. The Old Man, tired and irate, sat himself down at the desk he had moved into the room all those years ago, a temporary work station to keep up with the never-ending workload. He collected his patience, resolving that he must have been wrong to start the search here. As he stood up, a glint of light caught his dark sunken eye. His whole body aching, the Old Man dropped to his knees and reached his arm under the desk. His fingers grasped at air until they landed upon a warm cylinder. He pulled out the relic and examined it closely.

It was an hourglass the same as all the rest in this forgotten corner. However, this one still glowed with the fervor that had long since left the others. “It is time to pay this mortal a long overdue visit,” the Old Man declared before vanishing into the darkness.

…

The Old Man felt the spray of the sea before he even opened his eyes. It had been a long time since he set foot onto the mortal plane, and although he claimed to hate it here, he couldn’t help but take a deep breath and enjoy the fresh air. He looked out over the scene before him: a small cottage tucked away on a hillside overlooking the sea. The grass was green, the air crisp, and the sky grey and misty. Modest. He took one more deep breath before taking off at a brisk pace down the path to the cottage, renewed vigor coursing through his body.

After a knock on the door, the Old Man waited. A few moments later a man opened the door. He looked to be about forty years old, but his eyes studied the Old Man with wisdom and exhaustion beyond his years. 

“Who are you?” the man asked curtly.

“I think you know who I am,” replied the Old Man with a tone neither kind nor bitter. “You should have been expecting me after all these years.”

To the Old Man’s surprise, the man was not frightened, rather his eyes hardened and his brow furrowed. “About damn time,” the man growled. “You’d better have a good explanation for yourself.”

The Old Man chuckled and brushed past the man into the cottage. He took a seat near the hearth where a fire was quietly crackling 
away. 

“I’m terribly sorry for the delay,” he began as he stared into the fire. “There was a…mistake that shouldn’t have happened. I do apologize for any inconvenience.”

“Inconvenience?” the man barked. “I have been alive for over SEVEN HUNDRED YEARS and you come in here all coy and call that 
an inconvenience?!”

The Old Man’s eyes suddenly shifted from the fire to meet the gaze 
of the man.

“Watch your tone with me, son of Adam,” he said firmly. As he spoke, the room became very still and began to darken. “I apologize for what happened to you. Trust me, this was not a purposeful act of malice. You should consider yourself fortunate, not 
many mortals have seen all that you have.”

“Is it fortunate?” the man replied quietly. “Is it fortunate to have watched every person I have ever cared about grow old and die while I live on? I have endured more suffering than you can imagine. I lost my family, my children died as old men before my eyes. I have seen more pain than any man should ever have to endure, but none the less I lived on.”

The man’s words became steadily louder until he was shouting again.

“Yet you claim it is good fortune that I have experienced all of this! I never wanted an eternal life! I wish I had never been born!”
At this, the Old Man stood suddenly, seeming to fill the whole room with his frail body.

“As you wish,” he said as he withdrew the man’s hourglass from his coat pocket. He looked at it for a moment before crushing it in his palm. The man looked bewildered before he understood what that meant for him. He began to change, growing younger by the moment. A man, an adolescent, a child, an infant, and then nothing. The old man brushed the sand from his hand into the hearth and disappeared.
