I finally got the license to kill /Hitler/.

I thought to myself, I am gotta be the legendary time traveler who nobody can surpass, and might as well also try out Hitlers Fanta, and see how it was intended to taste like. 
Or so i would like to think, my eyes were sore after a hard days worth of work, i only now realized that i had fallen asleep, in the chemistry lab in Ulm, Germany, the nights darkness had faded into the daylight, only the moons shine remained. I had already made my trip to the past, But how last thing i remembered was me putting together a cheeseburger right after i had come home.

I panicked and felt for my phone, to my horror I had none. In the trepidation, i never once felt the little TB-phone that was left in my pocket. As i slowly came to realize i was trapped in the horrible past of WWII, my mind was becoming a mess, until i hit me. How many came back after doing this? 

Just as it hit me, I saw a letter addressed to a Herr Ecta, i blurted out "ME", and read it, " Herr Ecta, we suggest that you clean up and make ready for a visit" 
L. SS

A soon i read the letter, i heard foot steps. I tried to keep calm, but i was to scared to move. Cold eyes looked at me in the dim light of the moon, a voice could be heard " Herr Ecta, You must go back home and sleep, it is your big day tomorrow". A woman, I politely ask what is going happen tomorrow. She is giggling a little, and say 

" Tomorrow is the day you can change the future, and earn the legendary status you always wanted, the dream you had was a time travel seizure because you had epilepsy. But to your luck, it bought you the right conditions for you dream! " 

"Now you must catch It, become a legend that delete the WWII and change the world forever, do what no other has accompli." The voice became unclear and sounded like a lost signal, a cough then another cough. the woman had awoken of her sleep and she had a severe case of dry cough to a point where she could not breathe.

Slow as I was she fell to the ground, powerless. I could not bring the scattered pieces of my mind together to act. Meanwhile the sun had begun to rise. As i got hold of the situation, i used a strong odor salt to wake the woman up. Her eyes begun to open, a beautiful light blue color, she was a true Aryan the race Hitler had said to be the saviors of mankind and the only true Human. But i the future I had been Uncovered that Hitler had a extreme sexual attraction to blond and blued eyed well built humans, both men and women. And it had made impact on the future sexual appearances.

The woman held out her hand, of fawned it around my chin, " The daylight is coming, You have to get ready for the visit, The Lodz section of SS is expecting great results form you my dear". It all made sense to me now, as i blurted " Lodz SS ", The Unit who was in change of Chelmno the first camp constructed solely for the extermination of Jews. Hitler is going to attend to this camps event, that i am going to do something at. 

My mind went blank, do something, wait what..." What am i going to do", my head started jerking around, looking for papers or poster's, my eyes spot a huge jugs inside a glass container. As i am going to open the top lid, a hand is gently but strongly grabbing my arm and pulls me away. The woman yells at me for not taking the safety measures need to handle this insane medium, that i was about to open up. She points to a red dim lit area in the far corner of the room. As i look over I seemed as i was traveled back to my own time and gotten the space hazard safety suit with me, It looked like a ku kux klan dress mixed with a bit of alien tech. I thought to myself self, really i´m gotta look like a doctor under the black death, as i put on the suit, the woman as well. 

It was now late in the morning, and cars could be heard in the background.

// sorry for bad English   