This was No. 11
A simple aesthetic design, if it got past the initial analysis, it would change its appearance to best suit my needs. But for now, it was a simple white sphere, soon to be connected to my brain via neural interface. Through a blast screen.
At first, I was just a simple anomaly, they provided me with a replacement and compensation for the burns.
That one didn't go quite as catastrophically. It just fried itself on the desk.
They tried again, but this time I met with an actual engineer, doing complex real-time diagnostics on the bot. They identified the cause. Anomalous neural interfaces, added by myself. I just hooked myself up to a computer that was able to provide neural input. Helps me extensively with my work. 
They then started testing new prototypes on me. Trying to fix the error I had unintentionally caused. They got the robot to ignore the neural link. It started giving completely the wrong idea. Marked me as a major criminality risk. I used to be, without the interface.
Then they tried ever more complex methods of understanding my extension. Each time, it failed. It probably will this time too.

I hear it turn on, the whirring noise of its small cooling unit. And then, in a quiet, soothing female voice, totally within my head.

"Hello, Orion, before I can begin work, I will need to perform a series of initial scans. Please wait while I do this. ... The initial Physical scan is normal, blood glucose is slightly elevated, blood pressure is also slightly high, slight tissue damage to the Left Anterior Cruciate Ligament, technical bradycardia consistent with an athletic young adult with a heart rate of 54 BPM. Benign neuroma on the left superficial radial nerve."

This was all much the same as their previous attempts. The Neuropsychiatric scan would be the real test of their new design.

...

I waited 5 minutes before asking the engineer if the bot was still running. He replied the affirmative before stating that it was under complete computation load, but with no errors detected.

...

"Sorry for the wait, Orion. Your Neuropsychiatric assessment was highly abnormal, though ultimately highly functional and non-malignant. I found that you, at baseline, exhibit attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, along with various anti-social, narcissistic and schizoid features. I also found that the ADHD is effectively managed through a combination of environment and methylphenidate. Your other features seem also to be mitigated by appropriate manipulation of unidentified personality altering substances, and automatic neural stimulation by a neural interface preexistent to my own."

"There is one other major anomaly, in that much of your cognitive faculty, including activation of various features associated with consciousness and emotional state, is outsourced to a computer. I have decided to consider that machine a part of your brain, and have analysed it with that in mind."

"If an error occurs in that particular region, I can only attempt damage control, however, by my analysis, that is unlikely." 

"In conclusion, both of your scans returned features are either positively abnormal or within the bounds of normality. As such, I will only intervene in the event of physical or psychiatric injury, or to prevent the above. To begin, I suggest that you perform lower intensity exercise than basketball to prevent any injury to the ligaments in your knees, which are showing mild tissue damage, and allow them to heal."

The bot, for the first time, worked! While I knew I would come to appreciate its advice. It was already getting annoying.