"All right, could everyone but Alex and Aaron leave the room?" George said. Jim and Beth got up and left with no trouble, but Tom stayed. 

"But why?" He asked. "I want to know what's gonna happen!"

"Sorry, Tom," George said. "Alex and Aaron requested that this confrontation be private."

Tom looked annoyed, but left. 

"Ungrateful bastard," Aaron muttered as soon as Tom left. "He gets control of the country and now he thinks he needs to know everything."

"Cool it, Aaron," George said. "Alright. It's dawn. Aaron and Alexander row across the river in separate boats. One boat has the guns, and the other the doctor. As you step off the boat, make a Perception check, Alex."

Alex pushed his glasses up on his nose, grimacing. He had an 8 in Wisdom, and that negative modifier had hurt him many times before. He held his breath and rolled. 

17.

"Nat 17, so that's a 16," Alex said. 

"As you look around, you recognize this place," George said. "This is near the spot your son died."

Alex stiffened. He loved his son, both in and out of character. Alex's son, Phil, had played with them earlier as one of his major allies in the first major story arc. Once that arc ended, Phil's character John was killed off so he could roll up a son for Alexander. 

Phil's new character lasted for half a session before dying in a duel. 

"Aaron, Alexander, you are both presented with a pistol," George said. "The doctor turns away for deniability, and you are now standing back to back. What do you do?"

Aaron and Alex looked at each other. 

"No hard feelings?" Aaron said. 

"No hard feelings," Alex said. He then turned to George. "We both start walking."

"Alright," George said. "You walk away from each other. Five... six... seven... eight... nine paces. Do you take the last step?"

"I do," Aaron said. 

"I do too," Alex said. 

"You both take the tenth pace," George said. "When you do, you spin around. Both of you make a ranged attack roll."

It was Aaron's turn to wince. His Dexterity was abysmal, so his shot would likely go wide. His dice clattered to the table, and he stared at it in shock. What would normally be a cause for celebration was instead a source of growing horror. 

Natural 20.

As per their rules, Aaron rolled again. Anything other than a natural 1 or natural 20 would do nothing. A natural 1 would cancel the crit, and a natural 20 would cause a new roll. 

Natural 20. 

With a growing sense of dread, Aaron rolled again. When the dice stopped rolling, he stared in shock. 

Natural 20. Three in a row. 

Instant death. 

"Aaron?" George asked. "What's your roll?"

"Triple nat 20," Aaron said. 

"Alex?" George said, still processing the turn of events. "What's your roll?"

"28," Alex said. "But it doesn't matter. I'm shooting into the sky."

"Alright, then," George said. "Aaron, as you fire your gun, you watch Alexander raise his pistol to the sky and shoot it. You watch has his body crumples around where you shot him directly between the ribs. You've got no medical training and very little knowledge of firearms, but somehow you still know. Alexander Hamilton is dead."