Empty bags of chips, crushed 2L bottles of coke, stiff pizza boxes.

Trashbags taped to the windows, phone cord unplugged, cat door boarded up.

Cockroaches, mice, mold.

"Today's the day," Dennis says to himself. Patchy beard, red-rimmed eyes, fuzzy teeth.

He squares himself off against his front door.

Military surplus boots, parachute pants, heavy black trenchcoat.

The doorknob warms his palm. A single turn of the wrist is all it will take.

There's a TV commercial he's seen every fifteen minutes for the last ten hours. A section of brown scummy floor tile gets sprayed with a bright yellow liquid. Then a rag sweeps through and reveals glittering white laminate.

Dennis imagines the sun will have a similar effect on his home. One bright yellow spray of daylight and his home will be scrubbed clean of the darkness, the damp, and the mold.

And if the sunlight had a similar effect on him, too, that wouldn't be so bad.

A single turn of the wrist is all it will take.

Dennis takes a deep breath.

On the other side of the door is his concrete walkway. It runs straight for a few feet, then bends left to his driveway. He could walk along the walkway and down his driveway to the sidewalk, which runs along the periphery of his neighbours' homes. If he walks along it, he'll brush up, gently, against his neighbours' lives. He'll see their new cars, their bright flowers, and their shiny windows. It'll be a non-invasive reminder that there are other people in the world, and that he can interact with them without anything going bad.

But what if he's walking along the sidewalk taking in the cars, flowers, and windows and he stops to admire a particularly well-kept house, one with manicured bushes and a perfectly trimmed lawn, and on the other side of the invisibly clean French windows he makes eye contact with an attractive middle-aged woman, and she sees his trench coat and his boots, and her face barely changes, in fact she smiles at him, but there's a crinkling he can see around her eyes, and a twitch of her upper lip, those unconscious physical ticks that spell out disgust.

What if that happens?

He'll have no choice but to show her that her opinion doesn't matter to him. He'll have to piss on her lawn. Or kick her flowers to scrap. Or run his dragonclaw knife down the length of her car.

He wouldn't want to do these things, but he'd have no choice.

And, come to think of it, he'd have to do these things if a child on a tricycle sees him walking down the sidewalk and turns around. Or if a man cleaning his car looks at him and says hello in that flat, unwelcoming way that middle-aged home-owning men have.

Dennis, non-violent at heart, would hate to hurt anybody.

But if he turns his wrist, lets the sun into his home, and steps out into the light, it's unavoidable.

Dennis pulls his hand away from the doorknob.

"Some other day," he says to himself. "When people are nicer."

That's when his home and a cylinder of earth descending three kilometers toward the planet's core are teleported into the hold of a passing mining spacecraft.

*****

The examination display showed the usual rectangle of boring, useless materials.

"Temperature standard, radioactivity standard, and edibles non-existent," White Salt said. "Nothing to this planet but the usual."

Bucolic Meadow passed a lump of enriched granite between her forefeelers. "Another dud, eh?" She flipped the granite across the command center, pushed off from the wall, and was waiting at the opposite side to catch the granite in her mouth. "Dump the load. We'll check the two inner planets and call it a day."

White Salt navigated to the eject command, but when the confirmation screen came up, he paused. He nibbled the tip of his hindfeeler. "Hold on," he said, and brought up the examination display again. There it was, at the very top of the rectangular sample, a mess of elements, irregular in composition and arrangement. He zoomed in. "Something funny about the sample's surface. There's a hollow construct here. It's irregularly regular."

"It's what?"

"It's unnatural. Straight lines and ninety-degree angles."

The suspension bar in the corner squeaked as Foam Wash dropped down. "Sometimes nature is unnatural. That's statistics." He fluttered over to White Salt. "It's a hollow space not even three units high. We see those all the time."

"I know. You're right." 

The edibles dispenser crafted another lump of granite for Bucolic Meadow. This one she bounced off the bulkhead and caught. "No objections to ditching it, White Salt?"

"Foam Wash is right, but," a ripple travelled along White Salt's feelers, "it's bugging me."

"What the shoot," Bucolic Meadow said. "It's been a quiet week. Let's check it out."

Foam Wash grumbled. "Waste of time."

"Change of pace," Bucolic Meadow said. "White Salt, suit up. Bring Mini Moon and Molten Flow with you."

*****

They entered the examination hold via the airlock chamber. The three of them wore external exploration suits of limbered aluminum. A shuttle platform took them to the sample's surface level. The examination hold was not designed for physical exploration, and there was no lighting provided other than the monocular beam on their headmasks.

Molten Flow said, "Captain, do you receive me?"

"I do, Molten Flow," Bucolic Meadow said. "Initial report on the 'irregular regularity'?"

"Initial visual scan lends credence to White Salt's estimation. The hollow box bears a number of features not found in nature. Peaked top, angled corners. The box itself presents a symmetry, while consisting of a number of sub-symmetries."

"Statistics," Foam Wash said. "Does nobody understand statistics?"

"Thank you for your contribution, Foam Wash," Bucolic Meadow said. "Molten Flow, have you located an entrypoint?"

"Negative. On all sides the box presents contiguous surfaces. Entry will be made via digging tools. Permission to proceed?"

"Proceed."

*****

After removing his hand from his doorknob, Dennis was startled by a tremor running through his home. He wobbled on his feet, and crushed soda cans fell off his kitchen counter.

He said, "Huh. Earthquake," and went to bed.

A whining sound woke him. At first he thought it might have been part of the dream he'd been having, in which he'd been trying to take care of himself as a toddler. Whenever he brought toddler-Dennis a cup of juice or bowl of soup, toddler-Dennis would slap it out of his hands and scream.

But the whining continued even after Dennis had sat up on his floor-level mattress, pushed aside the pile of musty clothes he slept under, and rubbed the fuzziness out of his eyes. It came from the first floor, and he soon smelled steam and smoke coming up through the floorboards.

He cinched his belt tight, pulled on his Iron Maiden T-shirt, and clipped his dragonclaw knife onto a belt loop.

The light at the top of the stairs didn't turn on when he hit the switch. Nor did the bathroom light, or his bedroom light.

Had a fire taken out the powerlines? Was there a civil insurgency underway?

The whining ratcheted to a higher octave.

Dennis gripped the stair's railing tight and went down the stairs, taking care to step over and around the crumpled toilet paper rolls and cereal boxes on the steps.

When he was halfway down, whining cut out. He heard a thump against his living room wall.

He got to the main floor and peered around the doorway into the living room.

Another thump, and this time the wall shook.

A thin line of light traced a rectangle on the wall, almost as though someone had sawed a doorway into place.

And the thumping -- the thumping was almost as though that someone were now trying to knock the wall down.

Instinctively, Dennis gripped the knife at his side. Robbers would get what was coming to them if they messed with Dennis Halloran.

The wall crashed to the ground, bobbing lights blinded Dennis, and he reeled away from the living room with a hand to his eyes.

*****

*more below*