These days, there are few who do not know the name Un’fulu. He is also referred to by his numerous titles, such as ‘The One Who Compels’, for his unparalleled prowess in the mystic Shan’erian arts, that ancient branch of magic which directly manipulates the emotions of man. Or, at other times, as ‘He Who Unites’, for his efforts in bringing peace to the lands when he finally quelled the enmity between the five warring battleclans, brewing as it had for a thousand years.

Or, when parents wish to discipline their young with a healthy dose of fear, the title given to Un’fulu in recognition of him being the most adept battlepriest ever to emerge from the Shan’erian monastery is invoked – ‘Drinker of Desires’, the deity of a man who could consume any foe’s emotions, *entirely*, at a hundred feet, leaving but a mere husk behind.

Far fewer though know of the events which shaped Un’fulu in his formative years, molding him into the benevolent hero that the world knows him as. Un’fulu is as private as he is powerful, and many scholars believe that there are many secrets which he will take to his grave. Whenever a slice of his history is brought to him for verification, Un’fulu merely laughs, brushes the matter aside, and the questioner frequently loses all motivation to pursue the matter further.

Fortunately, there is at least one event which most people can agree on, perhaps because of the number of witnesses present.

That particular event took place when Un’fulu was no more than a child, then just one of a hundred orphans entrusted to the Shan’erian monastery. The abbots had devised a simple system to determine how best to employ these orphans – all would be subjected to the same training regimen, and those who displayed aptitude, would be given a chance to advance in the ways of a Shan’erian battlepriest. The rest would be cared for till they came of age, then set free to forge their own fortunes in the vast, harsh world beyond.

It was on that day, just a month after Un’fulu’s tenth birthday, that it was Un’fulu’s turn to be the appointed Vessal. His task was to receive any and all unwanted emotions from the common-folk, while his training lay in being able to identify, extract and then suppress all said emotions. The queues snaked all around the monastery, full of people who sought but temporary relief from the rigors of life.

Abbot Lung’taer stood beside Un’fulu, tasked as he was to ensure that the Vessal made it through the day. “Be strong, Un’fulu. Concentrate and remember the good you are doing.”

“Yes, master. I obey.”

The first commoner related a tragic story, of how she had lost her firstborn infant to a ferocious fever that defied all available medicine. The tears streaked down her cheeks as she knelt before Un’fulu, begging for something, anything, to stem the pain. Un’fulu reached out to touch her forehead, and Abbot Lung’taer nodded approvingly as the transfer was completed.

Un’fulu grimaced as he absorbed the most exquisite loss and sadness, emotions he couldn’t fully understand as a child, but which he had sworn to bear for the greater good.

The second commoner too had been similarly blighted. For he had been passed over, once again, by the various matchmakers in his village. He was already past the ideal age for marriage, and it did not help matters that his holdings were humble, his lineage plain. His nights were spent staring holes into his thatch ceiling, wondering if he would ever meet anyone, if he would die alone. He too knelt before Un’fulu, and asked in a wavering voice for his loneliness to abate.

Un’fulu obliged, just as he had previously, and would do again, and again, and again. 

By the time noon had rolled around, Un’fulu had personally relieved the aches and pains of over twenty people, and though the strain clearly showed on his young face, he persevered, refusing Abbot Lung’taer’s entreaties for him to take a break.

“Just one more, master, then I shall take my midday meal.”

Curiously, the old woman next in line opted not to immediately unload her woes unto young Un’fulu, opting instead to retrieve a moist towel from an urn, then cleansing Un’fulu’s feet and hands. When she was done, she gazed on Un’fulu calmly, and grasped his hands tightly.

“Shan’erian Vessal, I am ready.”

Master and trainee exchanged puzzled looks.

“Grandmother,” said Un’fulu, adopting the honorific his people commonly used to address all female elders, “you haven’t told me your troubles. You have to guide me, so that I would know what to do.”

“There is no need, young one. Reach out to me, and draw on whatever you find most in abundance.”

Un’fulu obliged, and when he first gasped as the transfer took place, Abbot Lung’taer leapt to Un’fulu’s side, ready to break the connection forcefully. Everyone knew that the Shan’erian arts had their limits, and though it was a rare occurrence, Vessals were known to overload, and their cracked clay could never be mended.

Abbot Lung’taer’s hand was mere inches away when he stopped.

He had expected Un’fulu to be writhing in pain, or completely lost in desolation. He was watching for the signs of despondency, of hopelessness, but instead…

Un’fulu was smiling. A single tear brimmed, then rolled down his cheek.

It was the old woman’s turn to gasp as she collapsed to the ground. Un’fulu and Abbot Lung’taer rushed to her side, as they both channelled their energies into her, moderating the void which had opened up in her.

“Why, Grandmother?” Un’fulu yelled, “why would you yield your happiness to me?”

“It is fine, young one. I have much more where that came from.”

“But look at you now! I’ve taken too much, and you, you are weaker for it!”

“Consider it a small repayment. You have helped my clansmen for months, without so much as a word of complaint. You turned so many of them back from the precipice, gave them a chance to try again, to stand on their own two feet. You deserve a bit of happiness yourself.”

The old woman struggled to her feet, then retrieving her little urn, made to leave the monastery.

“Wait!” Un’fulu yelled, for the second time that morning. “You need to rest! I’ve taken your happiness, it’s not safe for you to go until there is equilibrium!”

“Pah!” said the old woman, with a smirk on her face.

“I have my satisfaction, and that is enough for me.”

---

[PART II](https://www.reddit.com/r/rarelyfunny/comments/63ug4r/part_ii_pi_you_are_born_without_emotions_to/) is up! Thanks to everyone who had encouraged me to continue with this =)

---

/r/rarelyfunny