Josh sat on the leather couch to my right. He leaned in closer to me, sinking a bit into the couch as he did. He raised an arm outstretched, holding up his phone, blocking my view of the t.v.

"Heh. Dude, read this reddit post." He said, suppressing a giggle.

I cut my eyes at him, raising my brows signaling, "This had better be good."

"What is it?" I asked impatient. I peered around him, trying not to miss any of the show. Their Canadian accents gave my ears trouble enough, I relied on being able to see the actors lips to confirm what I was able to interpret, especially whenever McMurray came mumbling. 

Josh bit his lip, fighting back against the laughter. I eyed him carefully. Usually when he wanted to share something funny he could hardly stop from spoiling it first. The only time he exercised this level of restraint was when he thought the pay off would be worth it. That usually meant something mean.

Hesitant, I glanced at the screen. Upon seeing the first term, I immediately turned away.

"Man, fuck off." I demanded.

Josh feigned a look of innocence. "What!? You didn't even read it."

"And I'm not gonna." I said, paying him a glare. "It's fucking annoying dude."

"What do you mea-"

"You know damn well what I mean. I don't find bigotry funny, sorry."

Josh rolled his eyes. "Oh come on. It's just a joke."

I threw my head back in frustration. I could feel the frills on my neck tense.

"I don't care, I'm tired of seeing 'Lizard people rule the world' jokes. They are unoriginal and just racist. I'm a 'lizard person' if you want to use that fucking term. Do I rule the world?"

Josh cocked his head to the side in a thinking pose. "I don't think that can really count as racist... maybe speciesist?"

He pulled his phone back in disappointment.

"Oh my god, we can interbreed. I don't think we count as entire different species, like how can you not see that's racist? You're literally trying to act like I'm not human"

"What would you know of 'interbreeding'" Josh teased, fluttering his eyes innocently.

I realized he was just baiting me. He liked when I lost my temper, it triggered the frills on my neck, causing them to expand in threat. It still wasn't right, still prejudice to a degree, but it did comfort me knowing he didn't actually believe any of the nonsense, he just was child-like. Annoying, for sure, but most best friends are.

I took a deep breath, calming myself down and flashed Josh an annoyed smile.

"At least it's positive, that's not really racist is it? I mean it's saying y'all are powerful and stuff, right?" He asked.

I rubbed my neck, I could feel a knot with Josh's name on it.

"I don't know all the technicalities." I started. "All I know is it's a blanket statement about a marginalized group of people, acting as if they aren't such. When that becomes common place the line between joke and fact begins to blur to some people, making them ignorant or skeptical to the actual discrimination people like me face. After all, how could I suffer if I'm part of some 'secret ruling race?' And it implies we are responsible for the worlds problems too. It's fucked up, joke or not."   

Josh shifted, he had become uncomfortable. *Good*, I thought, *He should be.*

"Okay, okay. No need to bite my head off!" He teased. "You know I love you buddy, I'm just fucking with you."

My tongue flicked out involuntarily in annoyance. Josh's eyes went wide as he summoned all his willpower not to laugh.

"Don't laugh, man." I warned, becoming increasingly annoyed. My tongue flickered again. Josh grimaced hard in the pain of restraint. This was going to be a vicious cycle.

"Just don't." I repeated. I could feel an embraced heat consume my face. My frills expanded a quarter of the way and retracted. I eyed josh, paying him a warning look.

He was going to crack. In a way it was hard to blame him, but I still would.

Josh shoved his head into the couch and though the sound was muffled, his shoulder heaved in laughter.

Rage filled me. My tongue flickered and my frills expanded. I kicked the chair I had been sitting in over. Josh raised his head from the couch, weeping from laughter. He saw my frills and pointed, his laughter increased.

"That's it." I said in a rage heading towards the door, careful not to spit acid. The security deposit was insane after all.

"I'm going to get something to eat." 

I waited for Josh's response but I doubted he heard me over the laughter.

I walked outside and turned around, bumping into a girl scout going door to door in the dimly lit corridor. It was fairly cold here and she wore her sash over a puffy purple coat. 

"Excuse me, sir." She said in a cheerful, shivering voice. "Any chance you're hungry?"

I smiled at her. "Why yes I am."

My tongue flickered, my frills expanded, and I ate my dinner.