"Apollo do you copy? over"
"Apollo I repeat, do you copy?"
The transmission came through broken, but it didn't matter. A group of four astronauts and two security force members left earth five months ago. We were all full of hope, the thrill and excitement and wonder of what could possibly be was overwhelming. So was the fear. We broke Earths atmosphere months ago, and quickly got to work. Our main objective once making landfall on the surface was a simple one, decipher the possibility of having a second home. We had trained and prepared for years. We ran dozens upon dozens of simulations, each with positive outcomes. A simple quote comes to mind now thinking back on the briefing given to my crew before undertaking such an extraordinary task. Given my Dr. Ian Malcolm "Your scientist were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should."
I am as far as I know the only survivor. Mason the lead was the first to disembark our rig along with Jacob the ranking security member, making history as well as inadvertently sacrificing themselves. Thomas' and my job is to maintain and repair all the equipment. Susan the assistant lead of the project radioed master control. "Control we have made contact. I repeat, we have made contact."
"Copy. How is it?" Such a simple question for such a difficult answer. "Beautiful." She replied. We were breathless at the scope of the planet. I watched from the main control point via video cameras. Mason took several steps before kneeling down to run his gloved hand along the rocky surface, Jacob was standing by roughly ten feet behind him. Thomas was working in the out-going sally-port, troubleshooting one of the receivers. Susan was the first to notice it. She sat in the seat next to me watching the camera facing the north. A figure was approaching quickly, sashaying like a snake. "What the hell is that Ethan?" She was ripping at my shoulder desperately pointing toward the monitor. "Jacob you guys need to head back to the ship!" She screamed over the intercom. The figure which moving with the incredible speed of cheetah, stood on it's hind legs, looking as if it were ready to pounce on it's prey. "Jacob to your left!" 
"Fucking shoot it!"
He lifts his rifle's stock to his shoulder wasting not time squeezing the trigger. four shots bark, the inhabitant crashes to the ground. Malcolm is already sprinting as fast as the environment would allow him to go. Rob, the junior officer works to open the entrance ramp to the sally-port. I watched in horror as the corpse of the creature rips open, expelling a horde of bug like beings.
"Oh Jesus, please God hurry the fuck up!" Susan yells to herself hysterically. "Thomas get in here now!" I yell for him over the radio, but her doesn't copy. I yell for him again while watching the monitor. Jacob deploys a grenade like device which succeeds only in kicking up red dust blinding the two stragglers.
The screaming of a grown man in utter agony is indescribable. We were all silent. A silhouette emerges from the cloud, it's Jacob covered in the alien insects. His radio is silent, but I can see his face through the lens of his helmet. I am unable to look away.
"Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my god." Susan is in shock. I glance over to the monitor in the sally-port. Rob has readied his weapon but is holding his fire. Jacob slowly crawls to the ship. He is roughly twenty feet from the ramp when another creature surfaces directly in front him, pulling him under. 
"Close the ramp!" Rob is defeated as he punches the close button. He stands tucked away in the corner as the ramp finishes its closing cycle. A smaller crocodile like entity enters through the gap between the ramp and the structure of the rig. Rob helplessly fires his rifle blindly attempting to destroy the menace. In this flurry he not only misses completely but shoots directly through the reserve oxygen line. The creature tackles him to the ground, a tentacle like limb extracts from its back and penetrates robs stomach. It literally engulfs him the inside out. Once it completes its feast, it releases spore like toxins into the air. The substance fills the room and begins to melt the walls. Thomas is the next room over, and sprints to the ladder well steadily making his way toward the hatch on the ceiling. The spores infiltrate the room. Thomas slips from the ladder and crashes to the floor. He wails in pain as his skin melts from the muscle fiber, and then from the bone. The alien approaches his liquidy carcass and begins to feast from the chunky puddle. Susan and I remain deathly quiet. The thoughts and emotions running through my mind are impossible to convey. The loneliness and panic i'd experienced over the course of the past several minutes could not compare to what i felt now. The wait. The creature stalks the ship, until it is content that it has had its fill. It escapes through a weakened shaft the spore melted through. Susan is completely numb. I don't know what to do at this point but wait. A minute goes by, followed by another and another. I glance to Susan who seems to have slightly recovered. She looks at me and all I see is a void. A warning code pops up on the main terminal and along with a voice prompt.
"fifty percent oxygen remaining, reserve oxygen tank in need of repair. Rig compromised" It repeats itself two more times then, silence. There is no escape. We are going to die. One way or another. The rig is damaged and we are running out of oxygen. Susan begins typing an S.O.S. 'Apollo 27 made contact with indigenous species. Not safe. Please send help.' I look to her and calmly tell her, "We are going to die Susan. Help will not get here for months. We will be out of oxygen within two hours give or take." She stares at the message she is about to send. "We knew the risk before embarking on this mission. We've failed to know fault of our own. Mankind is always dabbling in affairs which we have no bushiness investing in. This is no different. But we can warn Earth, our families. We never should have came here." A single tear streaks down her soft cheek. "You know what the outcome will be if you send that. More people will die." I pause and think of what to say next. "This will be our legacy. Our triumph. We must warn them."
The creature searches the vessel for us. Minutes go by and Susan updates the S.O.S. 'Apollo has made contact with the indigenous, stay away. Hostile.' She sends it. We patiently wait. We receive a message two hours later. "Roger. We'll inform your families. Thank you for your sacrifice. It will not be in vain."
Another emergency prompt appears. "Oxygen critical. 5 percent. reserve tank in need of repair Rig compromised." I extend my hand toward Susan's and hold it into my own. Our breaths are getting heavier. I'm straining to draw in a good breath. I feel myself on the brink of collapse when a blinding light bleeds through the window panels in front of me. I collect myself and slowly make my way to the window closest to me. "What is it?" Susan ask weakly.
I strain my eyes trying to look past the light. A structure is in view. I fall to the ground. The oxygen is so thin in the air that my chest is burning as if i ran a marathon. "What. is. it?" I draw in my last breath before passing out. "A vessel." 
 