For the last 8 weeks of the war, which Earth was losing to the aliens, three hooded figures sat among the generals. Never seen without their hoods, they were for some reason allowed through the security checkpoints without having to show their faces or submit to a search. Although some of the lower ranking service members asked who they were, they were only told that it was above their security clearance to know. When pressed, one general would only say: "The final option."

The map of the world in this base near the pole of the Earth showed only devastation. Most of humanity was living in the wilderness as nearly every city of any size that one could see from the sky had been destroyed. The battle had long been lost. Earth's weaponry were more than useless. Nuclear weapons only powered their ships rather than doing damage.

"We have nothing that can harm them." The intel officer scratched his sweaty nose as he gave the bleak assessment. Sweat poured off of all of the officers, as no power could be spared for air conditioning, and in spite of the location at the pole, no windows or doors could be opened to admit the cold air due to the sealed top-secret room. "None of our weapons have been able to do more than slow them down and theirs destroy everything we throw at them whenever we engage." 

The highest ranking officer left, Lockley, scratched his beard. He was in fact president due to the chain of command after the aliens decimated D.C. and everything that looked like it was infrastructure. But he never let his officers call him that. What does chain of command mean when there's nothing left?

"And that's the assessment of the eggheads we have left too? Nothing, no options?" He wiped his sweaty brow. 

The intel officer just shook his head. 

The lead hooded figure sitting at the table merely put a dagger on the table. But in spite of the small gesture everyone in the room looked at him. The dagger was crusted with dried blood. The dagger...curled. It was not merely a curved dagger, engraved on it were swirling designs on it throughout the hilt. It seemed to move even though it was lying still on the table. Those that looked at it heard a sound in their heads that could only be described as the twisted music of the spaces between things. Further, it was hard to look at, hard to keep in focus. In fact, the ones who looked at it rubbed their eyes, and, after, did not look at it again, averting their gaze. 

Lockley looked up from the dagger--he thought it likely that the dagger was what they looked at and no one else noticed that the hand that placed it on the table was not human--and looked at where the face of the hooded figure would be if he could see through the cloth. He had, in fact, seen that face--if it could be called that--behind that hood. He wished he hadn't.

He knew it was looking into him. Not *at* him as humans do but inside him. This...thing was brought by one of the generals he had known and trusted for years. To his surprise, his associate was a member of a cult that had keep itself secret and survived through centuries. They had members in every major government. It was just one of the things that presidents and those above top secret knew about that no one else could. Or would want to know. 

The table full of sweating senior service members was completely silent at the scene the moment it was decided. The General had not said a word and had not even twitched his lips to speak, nor moved his head or torso in the slightest. He did not wipe the sweat that dropped from the end of his nose to the table. But, as if in reaction to the general accepting a request, the hooded figure slowly grasped the knife again, pulling it into the sleeve of its robe, and bowed its head to the table. Then, standing up, it turned and walked out, with two hooded figures trailing after. 

The senior officers seemed to know what the moment signified, but the intel officer looked at Lockley and narrowed his eyes. "What was that? What did you do?"

The General didn't say anything for a long moment and then ordered "Everyone to the trucks." They walked outside to the tundra that was so cold compared to the base. The cool air seemed a respite until it chilled their bones.

Lockley continued as they loaded into the largest truck which had a very important sealed payload. "If the Devil himself were losing a war that could not be won" he said, "he would make a deal with that. And come out the worse for it." 

"I don't understand," the intel officer said as he strapped in.

"As we have found," Lockley said, in a strained voice, "Earth is not strong. Not unique in the universe to have life. And no virtue of ours can save us. But we are unique in one way that could make a difference here."

"What's that?" The young officer asked. 

The General was silent as the truck drove across the tundra, and something about the ride and mood caused the intel officer remain quiet, leaving only the squeaking of the brakes and the hum of the diesel engine as the only sounds. The huge truck glided to a stop about 10 minutes outside the base. There was a cave there with the three hooded figures standing around something indistinct. 

"You see," Lockley continued as if they had just stepped outside the room. "We discovered something in the 1920's we had kept secret ever since. We have been...connected to something ancient and terrible this whole time. Something we had sealed away." They walked up to the circle, which was now clearly red because it was drawn in blood. The General did not want to know whose blood or where it was obtained. Or how old the unwilling donors were. But he knew it was only the deposit on a much larger payment to come.

A huge crane-like device was unloading from the truck, clearly a missile launcher. 

"Wait, is that a nuke?" The intel officer asked, almost squeaked with worry. "Those are like candy to the aliens! You've seen the reports. They sense them and it draws them like flies to honey. That and our radio broadcasts." 

The figures in the circle slowly walked around the circle, chanting over and over: "ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn." The circle, which can only be said to have the same swirling lines as the dagger, glowed. The air behind the circle shimmered and shapes behind an arch of energy started to come into view.

The General nodded to a nearby radio operator who activated a device which began a broadcast. 

The intel officer nearly yelled "You'll bring the damn mothership down directly on top of us!"

"I certainly hope so," the General said. "You see, at this cave we found some runes and a city. The runes translate to something that showed us why Earth was truly special. Not because of any virtue that we had. But because of a terrible curse."

"What are you talking about? What did they say?" The intel officer scanned the sky looking for alien ships. 

"'In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.' And R'lyeh intersects with reality right here." The fuzzy background behind the arch came into focus just as the whoosh of the alien ship intruded on their senses. It first aimed towards the missile, but upon seeing a city that it had not yet destroyed, it started to deploy its small fighter ships. 

The city phased into reality. It was just as the stories said. The angles were vast, and all wrong, not ones that were meant to be in this universe. Looking at it burned away at your sanity. The alien armada, for the first time in their entire campaign against Earth, paused their attack as they assessed the situation.

The alien ship made as if to turn their main gun at R'lyeh. And as General's sanity began slipping away he saw the retribution that he had engineered. A large green figure arose out of the city. Just as reported, it had a tentacled mouth, and simply looking at it brought madness. It roared and its terrible voice sounded both old, and dead.

The armada flew around in crazy directions, often colliding with other ships, and some against the mothership, as if the pilots had lost grip on reality. The huge green figure reaching out with a hideous hand, tearing at the mothership and ripping it apart in a way that nothing of Earth could.

The intel officer started to gibber insanely as he watched the destruction and viewed something that humans were not meant to see. As the hooded figures removed their cowls to show the twisted things that they were, and danced around the circle, the General's had an incongruous thought from a superhero movie: "If we can't protect the earth you can be damn well sure we'll avenge it." And his next thought was "Wouldn't it be odd if if my decision was guided by a popcorn flick."

He grabbed the radio, as he knew that the aliens monitored their broadcasts and understood their language, and said the final sane words he would ever say. "Cthulhu no longer sleeps you alien motherfuckers."