“Ok. Great job today everyone. We’ll pick up tomorrow.” 

Kyle gave the stage manager a nod as he wiped the sweat from his brow. It had been the same routine everyday for nearly ten years. Wake up. Work out. Receive the day’s script. Review past plot points, the reports from the two Kings and ongoing tactics and storylines. Acting was always the hardest part, but Kyle had grown into his role. 

He had never even fought in the original war; only a few of the two Kings’ true soldiers remained. Most had been written off at some point or another. Some had taken jobs around the massive set or had gone to work as spies inside the two castles. Others had disappeared, seeking a quiet life. 

Of course, no one had told the two Kings the truth. That was the only rule.

“You look tired, superstar,” Miranda said as Kyle took his seat. 

Kyle smiled weakly, running a hand through his blood-flaked hair. It was fake-blood of course. When he had first started, the hair had been fake as well. 

“Why do you always worry so much?” she asked as she began to wipe the makeup from his face. “The King believes every word of your reports. You and Octavian are their favorites.”

Kyle glanced to the edge of the set. As always, Octavian was laughing, his band of artificial soldiers hanging on his every word. Octavian was one of the original soldiers. In fact, he had witnessed the Surrender first hand. 
Everyone *loved* Octavian. 

“I think it’s a mistake,” Kyle whispered as Miranda adjusted his hair. She had been with him from the beginning, staying by his side from his rise as a foot soldier to one of the elite. If there was anyone he could talk to, it was her. “This could ruin everything.” 

“You’re not really being captured,” Miranda sighed. “Don’t be so dramatic.” 

“Why would the writers agree to this? They have never done something like this before. The two Kings crave death on the battlefield. Why the sudden change in tactics?”

“The war has been at a standstill for four seasons. Both George and Ender have demanded to see progress. You know the rule, we have to keep them believing – no matter what it takes. Just think how many lives you have saved by playing King George’s Commander. A few days off site won’t hurt. It's not like you haven't performed in front of them before." 

She spun Kyle around so he could see his reflection in the mirror. It was hard to recognize himself sometimes. Years of training and work under the desert sun had turned his body into that of god. His thick black hair hung to his broad shoulders, curling slightly at the ends. His skin was smooth and tanned, hardened from hundreds of simulated battles.

“What of George’s retaliation?” Kyle argued. “Losing me will cause him to do something extreme. Do we actually think that Frederick is ready to handle my role as Commander? What if the King stops by for one of his random inspections? What if he wants to fight again?” 

“It’s only temporary, and we know his schedule by heart,” she assured him. “This is all leading to your dramatic duel with Octavian. When you finally kill him off and escape, the war will be safe for at least another few weeks as Ender works out his next move.”

Kyle sighed. She couldn’t see it. Eventually, this whole operation was going to fail. The real war would start up again. It was just a matter of when.  

As Miranda applied fresh makeup to make his impending capture convincing, he studied Octavian in the distance. The other Commander sensed his stare and flashed him a flawless smile, teeth stained red from the dinner platter. 

*Always so perfect*, Kyle frowned. 

Why couldn’t the others see the truth? Octavian wasn’t going to let himself get killed off. He loved the money, the women, the fame. This kidnapping was a ploy.

Octavian had saved himself from death’s door a dozen times already, only surviving through *miracles* and conveniently arriving healers from distant lands. It was almost as if, *he* had been writing the show the entire time. 

Kyle couldn’t shake the sinking feeling that once he left the set of the War, he would never return, despite the script. That Octavian had somehow convinced the others that he should survive their duel, narrowly avoiding death. Again. 

If only there were some sort of evidence … but there was nothing. Octavian was a professional. No one ever made contact with the writers.

“You look lovely,” Miranda smiled, touching off Kyle’s black eye. “I guess I won’t be seeing you again for a few days.” She kissed him on the cheek. “Say hi to the King for me, superstar!”

A moment later, Kyle was shuffled off the set and onto the stinking field that housed the show’s hundreds of horses and battle equipment. He nodded his thanks as the assistants set down a movable set of wooden stairs in front of the prisoner wagon.

Kyle stood at the top stair for a long moment, looking back on the set. His planned escape and slaying of Octavian would put King George in a brief position to win the war. It wouldn’t be until a few weeks that he would learn how King Ender would get back to even ground. That was the way of the show. One of the Kings temporarily gaining an edge thanks to some genius battleplan only to, shortly thereafter, be outmatched by the other. It was all a balancing act made possible by the writers. 

This was the most extreme plot yet. Kyle figured he would likely live to see even crazier stunts as the show marched on … if everything went to plan of course.

*Better safe than sorry*. Taking a deep breath, Kyle grabbed a short knife from the barrel next to the wagon and stashed it within one of the pockets of his ruined Commander’s coat. Octavian wouldn’t let himself be killed off. Kyle had never been surer of anything in his life. 

He sat patiently as some of the former soldiers arrived to convincingly bind his wrists and ankles. 

The opposing Commander sauntered over to the wagon fifteen minutes later, two of the goddesses introduced in the second season hanging on his every word. He dismissed them with a wave and a smile, and the two *soldiers* rode off into the night to thunderous applause. 

Octavian waited until several miles had passed before speaking. “It’s been a long journey for both us,” he said softly, blue eyes gleaming in the torchlight. “However, my ascent is only just beginning.”

____
Thanks for reading! I could write more if anyone is interested.

(Edit: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/creatorcorvin/comments/8noc2f/the_war_2/))

(Edit 2: Wrong word)
