I sit across the table from him, watching, waiting. He smiled weakly, his blue eyes not as bright as they had been the last time I was here. I'm trying to understand, to wrap my head around what he's telling me.

"You mean to say... you're..."

"Looking after you, yes. I always have and I always will." 

"But... That means... I should have died a year ago..." Slowly, things start to add up, little details that I'd taken for granted, failed to pick up on.

"I couldn't let that happen, you mean too much to me, you know that." He runs a hand through his thinning hair and another clump comes out between his fingers. I feel my eyes start to burn, feel my throat closing up.

Doctors are not in sort supply, but healers... true healers, with the gift... they are few and far between. They have the ability to take an illness, any illness, away from someone who is suffering and into their own body. The gift makes them a lot stronger and more capable of fighting and beating most sicknesses. But there are some sicknesses that even their powers cannot face.

Nineteen months ago, I was diagnosed with one of these sicknesses and given six months to live. 
After three months, I fell into a coma, but I awoke again before the end of the sixth month. My Doctor told me I would have a year if I allowed myself to be put into a medically induced coma, three days each month.

Obviously, I agreed to it. When you feel the limits of life closing in, you will do everything in your power to grab any extra minutes you can. But if I'd have know the price, if I'd have know the medication was only to keep me in the dark... I never would have agreed.

He reaches out across the table, taking my shaking hand in both of his. They are so bony, when they used to be so strong, how did I not see? The first tear leaks from my eye.


"But..." I choke out "the wasting sickness... you won't..." I can barely breathe "you won't - survive it." The tears start to come in force now.

"I know," he smiles again, lifting his hand to wipe the tears from my face "but this meant that you could. Promise you'll be strong for me, your dreams have always been more important than mine, "

"But-" he stands unsteadily, moving around the table to hug me. Always comforting, always my protector. "-why?" I sob into his chest.

"Because you're my sister."