I lay there in the dim, flickering light of my cell fighting off sleep as the dull drone of unknown machinery hummed away somewhere on the other side of my cell wall. It had been days since I had arrived, perhaps longer, and still I had no real idea why I had been abducted. Only the ravings of what I now assumed to be a lunatic.

The creatures themselves didn't seem hostile in any way. Small and brownish green with large eyes and small, twitching antennae they looked to be somewhere between a bug and a man. I had been asleep when they brought me aboard and thus had no real idea how I had gotten there, only knowing that I woke up in sheer terror as I found myself looking up at the odd extraterrestrials. My first instinct had been to run. Where to I had no idea, only that I needed to escape. To flee for my life. That is when it happened.

I had been so pre-occupied with looking over my shoulder and trying to ensure I hadn't been followed that I failed to notice the short, chubby leg that extended its' way around a corner and into my path. As soon as my foot made contact with it I was sent flying head over heels onto the cold, metal floor.

"Hey!" Shouted an oddly familiar voice from above me, "Little alien dudes! He's over here!" I managed to roll over and gaze up at the one who had put such a quick stop to my escape. Much to my shock I found myself gazing at none other than Jack Black, a family sized bag of Lay's potato chips in one arm whilst the other hurriedly shoved more of the grease soaked plant matter into his mouth, leaving crumbs and grease flecks across his face.

"H...how?" Was all I had time to ask before two of my minuscule captors arrived and injected something into my neck. The last thing I remembered seeing before darkness overtook me was Jack's crumb covered face looking down at me. I awoke some time later within my cell, Jack sitting outside with another bag of chips (now it was a family sized container of cool ranch doritoes) at what appeared to be some sort of desk. "Where am I?" I inquired groggily, trying to stand and being forced to lean against the wall for support.

"Uhhh.... SPACE. DUH." Mr. Black replied as he shoved 2000 calories into his mouth and began to chew noisily. 

"Ok..." I replied, getting somewhat irritated with his flippant tone, "WHY am I in space?" Jack seemed to ignore me this time, instead turning his attention to some sort of magazine on the desk in front of him.

"Dudesky..." He said at last, chuckling a bit as he lifted the magazine to show me, "Space porn is nuts!" As he spoke he turned to a random page, pointing at what might have either been some sort of organ or a split open grapefruit. "What the fuck is that?!?!"

"What the fuck are you talking about?!?" I exclaimed, becoming more and more irate, "Why am I in a cell? Why do these aliens want me? AND WHERE DO YOU KEEP GETTING THOSE FUCKING CHIPS?!?!" 

"Bro... chill out!" Jack replied, seeming to take me seriously for just a moment, "The little ET dudes just wanna probe you a little and then we can go." 

"WHAT?" I cried, grabbing the bars, "Fuck that! Let me outta here!" Jack shook his head and took another quick bite of chips.

"Noooooooo way man. If you get away then they're gonna probe me. I have a tender ass. It would kill me."

"And you think I want to get probed?!?!" I replied, practically yelling now. "If they already had you why do they need me?"

Jack shrugged and stood up, walking off towards the nearby door. "I told them I was allergic to probes. Speaking of which you probably wanna try and relax a little man. That thing is like 3 feet across. It's nuts!" He turned at last and began to go out the door.

"WAIT!" I screamed, "Where are you going?!?"

"To get some chips Dude-areno!" He yelled back as the door shut.