I'm speechless as silence grips the room. Eventually I find the words trying to claw their way from my throat.

"Wh... what's coming? Who's they...?"

None of the officers said a word. The one that whispered gestures for me to be quiet. I can see the sweat behind his goggles, his weapon is ever so slightly quaking from his nervous grip. I'm still in shock, unable to process what's happening. Then, it happens.

A loud crash accompanied by a gust of wind- my sliding glass door to my left has exploded inward, the curtains flailing as shards of glass litter the floor and pelt the men surrounding me.

The armed men all train their weapons onto the door that is no longer there, and one of them screams "FIRE FIRE FIRE!!!!"


Gunfire erupts around me, and I helplessly cover my ears and shrink into the fetal position. Hot brass clatters to the floor around me as the muzzles around me flash angrily. 

"WHATS GOING ON?!? STOP PLEASE!" I beg to no avail. 

Bullets ping off metal and drill into drywall. Dust and splinters fly everywhere as the SWAT members continue to unleash hell onto the unseen for beyond my patio.

Finally, the officer in charge yells "CEASE FIRE!"

The explosions and flashes stop. The officer closest to me speaks, "Reload your weapons, be prepared. We took care of this one but he surely would have notified others of our position by now."

I take this opportunity to interject.

"WOULD SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!"

The men all look at me, and then to the officer in charge, whom I now see has Sergeant stripes on his sleeve. The Sergeant gestures for his men to step trough the door, and as they obey his command, he removes his helmet to reveal an exhausted looking middle-aged man drenched in sweat. 

"Buddy, all those war stories and video games you've played over the years have just become a reality and it just stepped through your front door," he says. He sighs and pulls a cigarette from behind his ear. As he lights his smoke, I chase for an answer.

"No SHIT it's through my front door!! What war?! What the hell are you talking about?!"

Before he could answer, one of the men shouts from outside, "Sergeant!! You better come take a look at this!"

He takes a drag from the cigarette and, cradling his weapon, walks through the now-destroyed portal to my patio. I quickly jump to my feet and follow him. And what I see instantly defeats anything I could have called logic.

Lying on my patio, in a pool of thick orange liquid, is an abomination of which I've never seen. It was humanoid, but with scaly black skin that glistened in the sunlight. It seemed to be face down, if I was correctly guessing where it's face should be. Large horn-like protrusions erupted from its spine, and where there should have been hair was, instead, a collection of what could've been mistaken for thick black power cords.

I grimaced and found my words again; "WHAT in the HELL is that?!?"

The Sergeant took another pull from his cigarette, exhaled the smoke, and dropped the butt so he could grind it beneath his boot heel. He extended one gloved hand upward, and pointed to the sky with his finger.

I followed his finger and looked to the sky; and nearly dropped to my knees in awe. 

The blue sky was filled with strange craft. Not airplanes... not blimps... they looked like....

"Spaceships, kid." The Sergeant explained.
"UFOs. Aliens. You wanna know what 'war' has just blown through your front door?"

He kicked the blackened corpse with some force, causing it to twitch and force out the orange liquid a little more.

"This is your war. This is our hell. We are being invaded. Now pick your jaw up off the floor; we got a planet to protect."