It started like any normal day. I was emptying all the emotions from my donation box. It seemed like the usual lot people wanted to get rid of. I grabbed the handful, threw the box on the table and let the emotions sink in. 


I decided to not eat breakfast. Why bother with it? I'd just be hungry again later on. I have no extra money to spend anyway and the price of milk is too damn high. Also with the amount of chemicals in our milk, I’d likely get cancer. You can’t trust water either. Mind controlling chemicals in it. You can’t trust anything from big corporations these days. Or people. Especially people. With their lying and germs. Best to stay inside where they can’t get me.


With those thought swirling through my mind, I was constantly looking for my shoulder on the way to my room to get dressed. When I got to my room, a new emotion took hold. I looked at the floor at the discarded clothes, as I had forgotten to do laundry the night before. My body started getting warm and I started breathing deeply. I clenched my fists and slammed my right one on the door with a loud bang. I spotted a pair of scissors on the desk and rushed over to grab them. In short work I slashed my clothes to pieces, seeing red the whole time. 


When I finally came down, I was sitting in a pile of rags. Tears welled up in my eyes. What had I done? Why did nothing go my way? What had I done to deserve this? All these questions rushed through my head as tears started to well in my eyes. I let these feelings roll through me as sobs racked my frame. I curled up into the fetal position in my hastily made nest and let the torrent continue. 


I don’t know when I passed out but I awoke and was ravenous, so I made my way back to the kitchen to make something. Along the way I passed a mirror and caught a glimpse of myself in it. I stopped in my tracks. When did I become such a fat pig? I prodded and pulled at my body. No one will love me because I’m so fat. Even though my stomach was screaming at me to continue on my journey to the kitchen I was riveted to the floor. I can’t even see my rib-cage or hips. I’m such a fat slob. I continued to stare at myself in the mirror with an ugly look on my face as I studied every flaw on my body.


Eventually that feeling of no feelings returned. A sort of silence, which is hard to describe to others. The emotions had run their course. All in all a pretty normal day so far. 


I was still hungry so I continued to the kitchen and made lunch. As I sat down at the kitchen table munching on my sandwich and sipping on my glass of milk, I heard a tinkle come out of the donation box resting on the table.


 I grabbed it and opened the lid, lunch now forgotten, and there was an emotion I had never seen before. It was small and had a golden glimmer to it. Weird. In the 5 years since I put up the box I’d never seen this emotion donated before. Without really thinking about it I grab it and let it sink in. This was the biggest mistake of my life.


I felt light. Lighter. Like gravity had lessened its ever stronger pull on me. My back straightened and my shoulders un-bowed and for the first time in my life, I took a breath. It was deep, heady and glorious! My eyes closed as this emotion swam through my blood turning it to ether. My heart suddenly felt full. A good full, like to bursting, but with warmth. My mouth did something I’d seen other do. It started to curl upward at the corners eventually showing my teeth. All of a sudden I exhaled through my mouth with little sounds. This was amazing! I opened my eyes and the colours of everything. They popped. The lettuce on my half-eaten sandwich looked so green and the sunlight looked like spun gold. My skin felt charged and my head felt… free. 


I basked in it. Let it wash over me. Drank deep from the cup. Tears welled up and started running down my face but these were different than normal. Everything was better. Everything.


Slowly though, it all started to fade. Going back to that no feelings silence as I sat at the table looking at my half-eaten sandwich. An unknown itch that I had had for my whole life was just scratched. Now that I’m aware of it, it seems like I’ll need to scratch it as often as possible. This was bad. I knew it in my gut. I would do anything to get that emotion again. Anything.