Fuck.

What?

Fuck.

There's bound to be- like, a war crimes tribunal or something. And I'm gonna get the blame cos emperor pennam is dead. 

Fuuuuuck.

that, what, four counts of genocide? Torture, illegal experimentation, mistreatment of POWs, civilian deaths....

Fuck. I'm screwed 

My life is over.

5 minutes, that's all I needed. 5 more minutes and I would have stabbed the emperor in the neck, then the asshole in red would have blundered in and seen and I'd be in the clear.

Fuck, he's coming back.

Please don't kill me-please don't kill me-please don't kill me.

"I'm telepathic you know."
Fuck, he's talking to me, what did he say?

"I said: I'm telepathic you know."
  The fuck? How does nobody know that?

"A-so you know what I'm thinking?"

"Yup."
Too much, this is too much crazy for one day.

"S-so could you hear me BEFORE you ran in and killed the emperor?"

"Well, yeah-"

"FUCK YOU! Asshole! 5 minutes!"
The fucker did it intentionally! He wanted the glory and didn't care who he fucked over.

"Well that was unnecessarily mean."

"Oh. I'm sorry. Guess I'm just not as GREAT an honourable as some people."

"That was a LOT of sarcasm."
I need a drink.

"I'm sorry, really this time. I'm just freaking out, like, a lot."
There's some bourbon in the arm compartment of the throne, guess Pennam won't be drinking it.

"Y'know, nobody knows what happened in here but us. Who's to say it didn't go down the way you imagined."
Damn that's good bourbon. He's right actually, maybe I can get out of this. Wait, no-

"Cameras."

"Huh?"

"Cameras. There's tons of secret hidden cameras everywhere. There's at least 3 in this room.

"Hmm, can we destroy the footage? You've got to have tapes, right?"
How old is this guy? Nobody uses actual VHS tapes anymore.

"I'd have to ask IT but they probably have a security server."

"Great, I'll go burn it-"

"NO! There's so much more stuff on there than CCTV. Besides, the whole place locks down if a moth dies."

"Ok, so what do we do then?"
Jimmy can erase the right part of the footage, no problem.

"Just ask the IT guys. Jimmy's a great guy, he'll help you out. I'll go free the prisoners."

"OK! Let's do it. Y'know, we make a good team."

"Really?"

"Yeah."
Well now I don't hate him. Hey, maybe I could be a super hero too. Oooh, all the super-soldier tech is just sitting there.