I yawned and stretched my back. Leaning over, I went to tap my phone before I saw my day-rep counter at 7212.

My breath stopped, hot and cold fear cut through my veins. I breathed the number. 7212. I looked around my white walled room, home only to books on the left hand side, and hoped for an immediate answer, knowing I’d never see it. I eased myself uneasily from bed and pulled on some clothes – grey jeans, a white shirt I’d ironed the night before and my dad’s old watch. Like some fugitive, I tiptoed through the flat. I looked at food and couldn’t bring myself to eat, holding the anxiety down was hard enough. I needed to play it safe – maybe do something I wouldn’t normally do. I’d leave early from work, maybe lunch. Not tell anyone. Something would change and I could hit tomorrow running. Safety was a sleep away. The highest I’d been before was 41, and that was just to watch every show – some more than twice – at L-fest.

I opened the front door and almost choked. A blond girl sat on the floor, leaning against the door opposite. I startled her just as much as she had me. Brushing back the curl of hair that had fallen in front of her face, she smiled. I hadn’t expected my breath to stop twice today.

“Sorry I startled you,” she said. Finally remembering myself, I grabbed her hand – clumsily I thought, but she didn’t seem to notice – and helped her from the floor. “I locked myself out – stupid I know. First night in the apartment. Wanted to call the landlord but figured I should make at least a half decent impression and wait ‘til the morning.”

I laughed too hard.

“John isn’t so bad,” I said.

“You don’t know me yet,” yet? “I’m clumsy – he’ll hate me soon enough.”

“More fool him.”

She smiled again and I realised a shitty line like that works when you’re both nervous.

“Where did you move from?”

“Just north of the river – not far, but it’s so much easier to get to work from here. More time to read.”

I laughed again, I needed to stop doing that. “I always want more time to read.”

“What are you reading?” Blue eyes.

“Hyperion.” Hyperion? I could have gone with something a little less… heavy.

“I just finished it!” she rocked forwards, her eyes now brighter and wide.

And there I went, with her right alongside me – I talked half a bookshelf, not realising my six o’clock start was now reaching seven. She bent my ear with Jordan and Peak and suddenly I felt a hole within me being filled. It was like those adverts that tell me I needed something I’d never had, and found my life empty without it. I breathed and talked and fell and laughed.

Two more minutes and it was past eight o’clock. I heard a shuffle and a bolt, and John, the skinny old interfering rat-bag. Wait, I liked him, but his timing was awful and I could justifiably hate him for that.

In a moment, he had her door open.

“There’s a great…” I said. I had to keep going, now. “Bar. There’s a great bar near here. I could tell you the town gossip tonight?” Close enough.

She smiled and so did I, “I guess you know where I live… wait, that wasn’t supposed to sound creepy I meant… 8 this evening?”

I could only nod as she slipped inside and closed the door. I breathed out a whistle and opened the lobby door. 7212. No bloody wonder.

I’d met her – I knew it, I could feel it, tingling and coursing through me like the first drink of whiskey I’d snuck on my seventeenth birthday. I was in love. No wonder my day-rep counter had hit so high. And so simple. All I needed to do was wake up and leave my house. There wasn’t any way to mess this up, to miss my chance to speak to her, I could live this again and again. I looked across at the bus stop. I wish I could fall asleep again now, just to wake up sooner. I looked up and blessed my lucky starts, I was dreaming of speaking to her and it wasn’t even eight thirty; the birds had barely left their nests, children hadn’t been risen by bleary eyed parents, and, as I stepped off the curb and into the road, no cars rushed their com–

I yawned and stretched my back.