   I drifted to sleep with the sounds of a TV show that I wasn't really watching. Fade to black, wash to white. My eyes adjusted to the light to get my bearings.
   "Welcome to the hall of destiny," said a man wearing plate leggings, a hide jerkin fastened with animal teeth topped with a tie and bowler hat. " Please go and find your weapon of fate," he continued.
   "Strange," I said pondering to myself, " if I were dreaming you wouldn't have a face."
   "Look they don't pay me to guide, only greet," said the strangely dressed greeter. I decided to enjoy the hallucinations before I became lucid and walked down the hall.
   There was all sorts of weapons on open display. Being a sword man I stopped by the nearest one. It was labeled 'Gram'. Reaching out I felt pushed away from it. Anything else I tried with similar results. Until I heard my name softly said. It was the same voice I had heard several times before. The voice that makes me question my sanity. I walked to the end of the hall to a display against the back wall with no label. A small metal tube with what looked like radiator fins around the bottom rested on top of a black cloak.
   When I reached, I was almost pulled to it. I pulled the cloak on and inspected the device. Flicking the only switch I could find a beam of red light extended out, cutting the table in half with no resistance. Reaching out to stop it from falling it seemed to freeze in air as I wished. "Good you already know what your doing," a raspy voice said behind me. I turned to see a translucent blue figure with a hood hiding his face. "Go and destroy the newcomer before they eradicate the dark side and send the universe to its doom," he said with a hand wave for punctuation.
    When he did the whole room smeared to a single point then flow back out to a familiar setting. A doorframe left open to my younger sister's room. She hid a metallic object behind her back as she turned. "Oh, what are you doing up?" she asked in a voice masking suspicion.