The man stood their bloodied and bruised. Besting hundreds with his blades. Regardless the opponent, he could not be defeated. This power he held with a sword in his hand was like no other. Foes would travel from near and far in an attempt to defeat this fabled swordsman, yet all have failed. 
  In the midst of his latest battle his sword weighed on him. Old age had taken its toll, he fell to one knee. Breathing heavily in the cold muddy field of battle, the man felt a warm embrace taking over him. The slow tug of death he felt during each battle seemed to be overwhelming at this point.
"Is this the end? Is this the day I lay my sword to rest?"
He had always felt deaths fleeting touch during every skirmish, but never like this. This warming aura taking over his body.

 "I have finally caught up to you swordsman." The whispered voice echoed all around him. "I have been reaching for you for decades now, waiting for the moment your luck would run out. The time has come to meet those you have vanquished in battle. " 

The swordsman knelt their in the middle of the battle field surrounded by the bodies of those he had slain. His quest was still not complete. And therefore he would not go quietly into the night. As the voice slowly faded, he heard the sound of a blade cutting through the air. This sound was all too common to him, and even in his weakened state, he managed to bring his blood soaked sword from the muddied battle field to parry the otherwise fatal attack. 

The metal blades colliding with a sound so deafening it sent shockwaves through the air, leaving an eerie silence in its wake. The voice that spoke so proudly before, quieted for a moment.  "I have been waiting for the day that I would be set free by a powerful opponent, swordsman" he hissed. "Death will no longer hunt you, but now you must hunt as death. My journey has finally come to an  end, but yours has just begun"

The swordsman took to his feet, the weight of his sword lessened as he was enveloped in a cloak of darkness. A strange power flowed through him now, one he has never felt before. By stopping the hand of death, he unwillingly accepted his calling. Forced to walk the earth taking the lives of those who knock on deaths door, for eternity. 