 **edit:**wrote this on my iPhone so please forgive the capitalization grammatical errors I haven't gotten around to proofreading it. Also I know nothing about military ranks and was too lazy to look it up so, just suspend your disbelief on that one


The colonel looked quizzically at general Madoff, hoping for some further elaboration. He was unfamiliar with any project code named Cthulhu."Um, I'm sorry sir, but I don't believe I have been briefed on this particular...operation."

"It isn't a damned operation Colonel. The Cthulhu is an ancient, extra-dimensional being, bound neither by space nor time...and he may well be humanities last hope for survival."

"The colonel glanced toward the brigadier general hoping for some indication of what the hell Madoff was going on about. The brigadier inhaled deeply and averted his eyes as if to say ,'I'm staying the hell out of this one.'

He turned his pleading glance towards the sergeant at arms who had already removed his cap and had his forehead planted firmly against his desk, hands clasped above his head in sheer resignation. It appeared he was sitting this one out too.

The colonel looked back at general Madoff with a fiery look in his eyes, his brow knitted and staring determinedly at the massive war room display.

"Sir, you don't mean to say you want us to uh...to-"

"SUMMON. Summon the great beast Cthulhu from his slumber in the darkest depths of the ocean floor!"

"Right. And I... take it this isn't some sort of...metaphor, for lack of a better term?"

"Goddamnit colonel, do I strike you as a man who speaks in metaphors. I meant exactly what I said. We must begin the ritual immediately while there's still time!"

"I see. Sir, you are aware-that is to say-I myself was under the impression, that the Cthulhu, I hope I'm pronouncing that right, was a *fictional* character-"

The colonels explanation was cut short as the general quickly and forcefully spun round and grabbed him by his throat, lifting him off the ground.

"FICTIONAL! Is that so Colonel? Well let me tell you, I have seen the beast with my own eyes. Several stories high. I've see things of such alien menace words could not conv-"

The generals diatribe was in turn cut short by a metallic -wham- and his grip on the colonels neck went limp as they both collapsed to the floor. When the colonel looked up he saw the brigadier general standing behind Madoff's unconscious body holding a fire extinguisher.

"Generals off his meds again. Normally we have a nurse come and slip some sedative into his coffee or sometimes it comes down to it the crew has to restrain him while the nurse injects him with Haldol. Damn shame, the mans a brilliant strategist, when he takes his damn medicine but sometimes I guess he decides he doesn't need it or forgets or whatever the hell."

He extended a hand to the colonel and helped get him to his feet.

"Always seems he picks the worst times to go off the rocker too. Here we are at the brink of nuclear war and we've got the leader of the armed forces going on about monsters and horror movie schlock." The Brigadier General spat on the floor."Yo Hal!?"

The sergeant replied "The nurse is on his way. Says he was detained. Might want to put a knee in his back to hold him case he comes to before then."

"On it. Well colonel that leaves you in charge. So...What are your orders?"

The colonel closed his eyes slowly attempting to collect himself and focus on the situation at hand." Status reports say the four nuclear armed ICBMS have already been launched and are currently en route to San Francisco, LA, Seattle and Vancouver(for some reason). Two of them are due to make contact in less than 10 minutes. Even if we do manage to bring them down the blast would do substantial damage to their targets in the form of tidal waves and radiation. We've also just gotten reports that severa of both the British and Israeli naval warships have just been destroyed. So, I'd say we're proper fucked, one way or another."

It was then that the electric hum and bleeping of the computer terminals was drowned out by a deafening inhuman primal roar. Somewhere between an elephant trumpeting, the roar of a grizzly bear an the internal combustion engines of a space bound rocket only exponentially louder. 

'What the hell was that' the colonel could not hear the brigadiers voice because he had been temporarily deafened but could see him mouth the words.
Several screens displayed satellite imagery and or drone video surveillance of the approaching missiles. Beneath the nearest nuke it appeared as if a massive geyser erupted from the ocean and as the water descended back Down it revealed a massive black figure the size of a 747 with bat like wings. It ascended skyward faster than a fighter jet toward the missile. It grabbed the thing out of midair with its sinewy claws, spun it round like like a sling and hurled it in the opposite direction. Another satellite tracking a separate missile suddenly flashed white. When the image returned all that could be seen was a tremendous fireball above the ocean. It would seem as if the missile thrown by the black winged creature has collided with another and they both detonated.

In the war room they all stood slack jawed and wide eyed, trying to process what they had just witnessed. 

The brigadier, with his knee still planted firmly in general Madoff's lower back, finally broke the silence. "Well I'll be damned..."


.