I took one long, final drag from my cigarette, then flicked it away, right off of the 30 story building.  Then I dove off after it. One of my best friends and I had been sitting on the ledge for about an hour. He's pretty well known actually, maybe you've heard of him. Louis de Pointe du Lac. He mostly just prefers Louis though. See, Louis is probably one of the only people in this whole world who really understands me. We're just two people, coasting through infinitely existential lives. An end to it all would be nice, preferred even by myself at this point. But seeing as how that's not an option, we really just roam around, not even really talking all the time or getting into trouble. Just... existing together is enough. Really, we've become each others only constant at this point, and it just feels nice to not be so alone. To have someone who gets it, you know? So we get together, maybe go out every once in a while, I bed my share of women in an attempt to feel some semblance of normalcy. The illusion usually dies off pretty quickly though after Louis takes his turn and we have to dispose of them. We stay together too, just one small happy family. Minus the happy. But I digress. Tonight, he was telling me something about an interview he had just taken part of earlier that night. Something about exposing the possiblity to the world that maybe, just maybe, mankind isn't the only thing out there. We had watched together as what were pretty sure was his car drive away, onto a bridge to leave, presumably straight to get to reporting this new evidence, when I could've swore I saw some type of shadow fly into the car from above. Oh well, the car continued on course, so I'm sure everything was fine. After we could no longer see the car, we just sat in silence for a while.

Anyway, I'm sure you're wondering how we got from here to me commiting what you probably think is suicide. See, he bet me 5 women, (that was our typical wager, finding and seducing women for each other was probably about the only thing of any value to either of us anymore, as 2000 years is a long time to amass a sizeable wealth, especially when everyone once upon you like some divine miracle. Miracle my ass.) Anyway, he bet 5 women that I couldn't toss my cigarette off the side of the building, wait a moment, then jump off and catch it, and then finish it on my way down. It only had about two drags left on it, one if I took a really big one, so why not? To my own amazement, I actually was able to see the thing as it was falling, and managed to catch it in my mouth, and take one really long puff, killing it out as I fell. Of course, when I hit the ground, my whole body just shattered and the cigarette went flying off somewhere into the distance, but it doesn't matter. He saw it. By the time my body was finished twisting and writhing itself back together again, he was beside me.

"Well done Lazarus. I guess it's my turn then. Shall we?"

"Sure. First things first though, can you help me find my nose? It flew off over into the ally, it's going to take forever to make its way back to us if we just stand here."

He finds my nose, and hands it back to me. I place it on my face, and the tissue pull it back into place and repair itself, good as new.

"Alright, I'm ready. Let's go." 

"Lets."

And we left into the night, vampire and what is basically a glorified sentient zombie. Pretty sure this isn't the miracle He had in mind for the world. Good enough for me though I suppose. At least I have Louis to spend my millennia with.