When it happened, there was a thousand names for it on a million lips. Words that came together in ways that had, up until that point, been clever jokes and one liners.

The True North Stategem.

Blue Lined Offensive.

Horton's Fury.

Montreal Without Smoked Meat.

So many other names came and went but most historians chose two, for the plan was executed upon only two phases:

The Day Canada Stopped Being Sorry. And Canada's Blessed Conquest.

The Day Canada Stopped Being Sorry was the more difficult section, it was later determined. A hundred thousand plots that seemingly had no connection to each other, all adding up to place force where it was most useful. Operative Bieber's near-psychotic break early in his deployment almost caused a massive upheaval in the plan, when he took to doing many un-Canadian-like antics before his time. Oh, it must not be denied how he went about it was always going to happen but he soon became almost too blatant about it. He had to be excised from Canada, not unlike a previous operative, one Miss Dion. 

But regardless, his section of the plan had paid off. It was a plan that had a history in Canada already, a dark one. When Canada was younger and much less than it was when the Invasion began, we had taken to using our culture to supplant those of the First Nations in the areas that non-First Nations wished to develop. "The American Way" (I.E., killing everyone at the settlement) was attempted for a time but the uprisings that occured became far too bloody and costly for Canadian stomachs. And so a simpler plan was made: instead of killing the Natives by the bullet, we shall do it by the book.

From young ages were the children of these tribes taken, with the promise that the ruling non-Natives would ensure they would be properly care for and given educations befitting true Canadian citizens. After all, if our own First Nations were not fit for the schools we built how could any Canadian that came after them be so?

And so it went. Some were upset, this is true. But none denied that education into this New Canadian Plan would not aid their tribes when tje children returned with all the learning they had aquired. Adding new knowledge to old customs would only make them all better, they were told.

But, like in the full Invasion it was partly a lie. They were given proper Canadian educations, this is true. But at the cost of their native traditions. They were corrected corporally, as many times as was needed, to ensure they acted like the Canadians we wanted them to be. And when they inevitably married and had their own children it would repeat, until momentum made them teach their children our ways instead of their own.

Sometimes, darker acts occured, far beyond the scope of what was initially intended. We are much wiser now, and it happens not at all now. But the old plan was a simple one, and new technology simply made it easier.

Don Cherry was the protoype messenger of this new plan. Utterly Canadian in all manner, but one Americans could stomach: brash, foolhardy, and above all, *LOUD*. That so many Americans cheered his efforts as a coach for their hockey teams proves such.

Others came and met with varying degrees of success. Glass Tiger faltered for a bit before Bryan Adams assured those who crafted The Plan he could continue alone far more easily. Rush was a runaway perfect storm. Jim Carrey created an entire following that mimicked his style if not his message.

Deadpool was a not-so-subtle hint at what we could......no *WOULD* become, and the reaction he created showcased a capacity for success none could have predicted beforehand with credible accuracy. That none decried such a violent Canandian, who was so on such a level even Wolverine was unusually unwilling to commit to in our rewrites, was further evidence the conquest was still possible.

The World Wars were testing beds for our military. Of course it could not be assumed that all would willingly embrace The Maple Leaf Forever. We had to showcase just enough force to do the job right, but not so much that actions were taken heavily against us. We learned on the fly that lesson thanks to America's many combat foibles.

But at the end of the day, the nonviolent conquests all began and ended the same way: a supplanting of the native culture for one cultivated by Canada, and delivered in manners fitting the required message and its courier. 

The violent ones were brutally shatterrd before they ever knew it was neccessary to fight back. After all, it is amazing how many Canadians with bladed weapons disguised as modified hockey sticks you can shove into government buildings before people take notice, especially when you hire the Newfies to do it.

All the same it took a scant 5 years to finish the plan in totality. And even now, the opening message that enacted the plan has been never forgotten:

"Canada, it is said, is the friend to all who need one. Polite and outgoing, and the gold standard by which the Western World judged one to be 'nice'. As a Canadian, I have always been proud of this title, as have countless Canadians before me, those Hosers with me now, and those Canucks yet to come. However.......

Now we desire *more*. And so we shall have it. Even as I speak out agents move into your locations of power. The offers of surrender with dignity are being made. A period of five minutes was set aside for each reciever of the message to stop laughing, as was polite given the known history of my people.

The crosschecking will begin soon afterwards, I assure you. My Enforcer Deployments have assured me that those who stand against Canada will fall as they should. And if you can hear this message, if you can see me as I speak, if you can barely make out the rolling drums of Penalty Boxes opening up..........you have already been conquered. Be a dear, and surrender as your leaders have done so, and will encourage you to also do. We would wish as little blood be spilled in this transition. But make no mistake, Listeners. We are no longer sorry. But *YOU* will be."