October 5, 2137
United Earth Ship Solara

The U.E.S. Solara was a Division class capital ship and the pride of the United Earth Fleet. Humanity had reached out into the stars in the 60s, but it had taken until 2027 for humanity to become an interplanetary species. In 2074, the United Earth government was established. All the nations of the world came together under one flag for the first time in human history. Ordinarily, the Solara and her crew of 2,344 were the cornerstone of the inner planets defense force. Pirates had become rampant throughout the solar system. But today the Solara was playing a very different role. Today she was the host to first contact proceedings out in the moons of Jupiter. 

"Admiral Terrell the fleet is in Orbit of Europa" called the Chief Navigation Officer. 

"Thank you Commander. Lieutenant Daniels open a channel to all ships in the fleet."

"Uh, sir..." replied Daniels "it will take me some time to open channels to the 147 ships here." 

"I understand, just get it done"

Terrell understood the difficulty Daniels was having. A lieutenant fresh out of the academy was having to open a channel to the entire United Earth Navy. 
"Channel open sir." Called the Lieutenant. 
"Excellent." Said Terrell "Attention fleet, today we will be facing an enemy unlike anything anyone has ever seen. While this alien fleet is supposed to come in peace, i want nobody to let their guard down. Terrell out."

Moments later, 30 alien ships appeared out of FTL. 

"Admiral, we are being hailed by the lead ship."

"Onscreen" 

"Greetings from the Galactic Federation. I am Ussak, Fleetlord and Ambassador for the Federation."

"Hello and welcome to Europa. I am Admiral John Terrell of the United Earth Navy."

"Admiral Terrell, we have been watching your race closely for many hundreds of years. After several failures in our tests you have finally been deemed worthy of first contact."

"Wait a minute, did you say tests? What kind of tests?" 

"Yes, well we have sent several diseases and caused several wars in an effort to unite your world. I believe you call the wars, World Wars." 

"Now let me get this straight, all of our suffering in the last several hundred years, was caused by you and your federation?" 

"Yes Admiral. Passing these tests is deemed necessary to initiate first contact."

Terrell, with a Shocked look on his face, turned to the political ambassador on the bridge with him. The ambassador was just as horrified. He knew what Terrell wanted to do, and nodded his approval.

"Ussak, due to your blatant interference in our society and the harm you caused to our people. We hereby declare war on the Galactic Federation."

Terrell motioned to cut the transmission and immediately sent the order to destroy the alien armada.


Sorry for any poor formatting or mistakes. This is my first reply here and im on mobile. 