Day 567. We have been on Mars for over a year building what is mankind's first colony off world. It has been a long and expensive endeavor. No colony was ever built on the moon, there are no minerals, no bacteria, nothing worth anything. Mars however, has everything. Enormous deposits of plutonium and uranium were found close to the north polar cap. We still do not know how large the titanium and paladium deposits in Ares Vallis are, but everywhere we dig we find more and more. As if that was not enough, bacteria have been found in every area on the planet. Some thrive inside mineral crystals, others in the ice caps, there are some even deep underground. Nanotech and biotech companies cannot get enough of them. Every new bacterium is a new patent. Mars has everything. 

After months of geological tests our lead engineer, Miles, has chosen a site for the colony's first mine. We need to get this right, but nobody is worried the paladium almost seeps onto the surface. You could almost grab a broom and sweep it up. Almost. 

Miles is out on site in his red evo suit. As always calmly giving orders. The team of engineers is maneuvering the robots to the proper locations, that will be the last of any human intervention. Once the robots are active, the engineers will move to another site, another job. The robots are self sufficient. They do their jobs with impeccable efficiency, they can even repair themselves. It is this efficiency that put so many on earth out of work. 

"Earth...how I long to be there." 567 days is too long. "Why did I sign up for this?" I know the answer, my daughter. I need to send money back for her treatment. There is no work on Earth. 

With a thunderous clank the first of the robot carriers settles itself onto the ground and activates the robots inside. A dozen compartments open on each side as silver balls fall with a dull thump from each opening onto the ground. With a metallic whir the spheres open up revealing eight legs and a cylindrical body. They will be able to go back to spherical form in case of a storm or to wait for repairs. These were the work of the Blackstone Group, now the owners of the first colony on Mars. 

The first of the robots begin digging. It is incredible how efficient they are. In a few minutes there is a pile of dirt thirty feet high at the entrance to what will soon be the main shaft. "Thirty feet...that is over fifty metric tons that they moved in less that three minutes. No wonder there are no jobs for humans anymore."

More robots join in the work the thirty foot mountain of dirt is soon one hundred feet, but it soon stops growing. Other robots begin sifting through the pile and separating the useful minerals from the useless dirt. In a few minutes another pile begins to appear. This pile is metallic gray and part of it shines in the late afternoon sun. Palladium. "That took all of five minutes. Damn..."

Something red waves on top of the pile of Palladium. "What is that?" In golden letters on a red background I can make out the letters, "SPQR", a flag. "Again with their jokes, "Senātus Populus Que Rōmānus, The Senate and the People of Rome". The people at Blackstone love to remind us that they own us, that they own everything. The senate and house in the old United States was dissolved last year. Like the Roman Senate, it is just history now. It almost sounds like the robot's metallic whirring and clanking are a derisive laugh. "Fuck them."