"Good evening." 

Farrow jumped. "Who's there?" He called. Quickly stripping the thick goggles from his head, he glanced around the empty lab. It was dark and quiet - the kind of quiet that only comes out in a busy place after midnight, once the everyone had long ago left for home. Everyone except for Farrow, of course. 

"I know you're back there, behind the doorway." He said, eyes narrowing. "Come out into the light so I can see you."

The woman - for she was a woman - laughed almost imperiously. "I wasn't trying to hide, Farrow. But I will honor your request." With two luxurious strides, the woman stepped into the circle of light that surrounded Farrow's desk like a halo. Farrow gulped. She had long, dark hair that flowed nearly to her waist, with skin the color of honeyed milk. Though she wore warm clothing that obscured her form, she was easily the most beautiful woman that Farrow had ever seen.

"Who *are* you?" He asked, filled with wonder. Then, regaining some of his composure, he pressed on, "And how did you get in here? The doors are all locked, no one should have been able to even get inside!"

"Oh, I have ways of getting into places on my own terms." The woman said, coyly. "But I needn't have used them. You invited me here yourself, Farrow." 

Farrow blinked. "That's twice now you've used my name, but I don't think I have introduced myself...nor have you given me yours. Tell me what's going on!" 

"I think you know." The woman replied, smirking. "As far as who I am, we have met before - though I doubt you could remember it. You may call me Kalika...and if what I have heard is true, we will be quite the pair." 

Farrow's eyes widened in realization. "The time travel project! So you're...from the future? But our theories only indicate that forward travel is possible..." 

"Not all things you consider impossibilities are impossible, Farrow. My very presence here should prove that." Kalika smiled, and Farrow was disconcerted to notice that her canines were oddly pointed. "Speaking of which...how is your prototype coming along?" She gestured to a twisted mass of metal in the corner of the room. It seemed to be made of nothing but rings, a chair, and a control panel rigged together with a few screws. 

"Scrapped." Farrow sighed, forgetting for a moment who he was speaking to. "The powers that be deemed it too dangerous, they never even wanted me to test it." 

Kalika grinned. "Why don't you...give it a little whirl just the same?" Without waiting for him to give an answer, she grabbed his arm and began to steer him towards the strange device. 

"I...don't...think..." Farrow protested, squirming under Kalika's surprisingly strong grip. Deftly, she began punching numbers into the controls faster than Farrow's eyes could follow, and the machine whirred to life at her touch. Farrow let out a cry and began trying to power the device down, but she simply swatted his hand away and continued to work. Just as the first ring began to spin, she withdrew back into the lab, leaving Farrow trapped in a whirling tornado of steel. 

"What have you done!?" Farrow yelled, dismayed. But no matter how much he hammered away at the controls, the machine never responded. 

"Don't worry so very much...my love." She smiled again, pointed canines glinting. "See you in a hundred years..."

And with a flash of blue-white light, Farrow was gone. 