"Get your own damn topic," I say angrily to the person staring over my shoulder at the local Starbucks.

"I beg your pardon?" The stranger asks.

"If you're gonna do a writing prompt, you had better not take this original idea to put the Devil in-"

"A murder mystery, set in Victorian London?" the man interrupts. I notice a reddish glint in his eye just as he jumps out of his chair, flames engulfing him. 

"How dare you call this bullshit ORIGINAL? There's a prompt featuring me TWICE A FUCKING DAY!" The stranger screams with fury in his eyes.

"W-what do you mean, 'me,' sir?" I ask with a whimper.

"I mean I am Satan himself, ruler of Hell, bringer of Eternal Damnation!"

"Mr. Satan, sir, please don't hurt me!"

"Hurt you? Hurt YOU? I've defeated some of the greatest warriors of all time and you think I'd waste my goddamn energy on YOU? A pipsqueak hipster living in his parents' basement?"

"What can I do to make this right, sir?"

"Well, either you stop putting me in writing prompts, or I come back for you."

Before I can respond, Satan's leathery wings unravel. He flies off, a small trail of fire following behind him.

And now I'm writing this, a month later. I'm in a mental institution because not a soul believes me. It's been so lonely. I haven't had visitors since I've been here. So here I am, writing this, hoping he'll come back for me. 

I hear a flap of wings from behind me, and there he is. The King of Hell himself, Satan.

"W-Well, long time, no see," I say, quivering.

"Didn't I tell you not to write about me?" He inquires in an infuriated tone.

"You see, sir, I don't actually have many friends to visit me. I've spent my last month here."

"So you're willing to sacrifice your afterlife for loneliness?"

"I'm already in Hell, so you can't do much worse."

"Well, while I'm here, might as well have some whiskey." Lucifer snaps his finger, and two glasses of whiskey appear before him. He gestures for me to take one, and so I do.

We talk for hours about music, movies, art, anything. I learned that the devil actually loves pop from the 2000's and is a huge Britney Spears fan.

"Wow, this has certainly been fun," the Devil states, shocked.

"It has," I say. "It's a real shame you have to leave."

"How do you feel about Uno next week?"

I fumble with my words, surprised.

Clearly noticing the perplexed look on my face, the Devil raises an eyebrow. He asks, "What? A Devil gets lonely, too, you know."

