"Game on bitches!"

I had done my research. I knew that this building had a gamified security system, so I had prepared. 

What I didn't know could be summed up in three points:

	1. Was Player 1 a Human Intelligence (I could take them), and Artificial Intelligence (scary as fuck) or a series of RNGs triggering countermeasures.
	2. Where was the legally mandated SysInfo folder
	3. Was the security system set to kill or capture 


I knew the tech level would be high, so I had myself kitted out to suit.

I dropped into a crouch and hit the red button on my left forearm: my 10 layer personal emp shield deployed around me, and a shaped emp detonated three feet above my head. The wide cone of the blast would have fried any unhardened circuitry in 75% of the building.

Over my subspace coms - "Step 1 - check." as the green button returned my Faraday cage to its home. 

Full em spectrum AR goggle in place, I made a run at the wall three feet to the right of the door, smashing through to surprise the heat signature on the other side.

A quick stun blast disabled the guy (level 1 cannon fodder - I should be offended),  and I used my glob gun to make sure he wasn't able to come after me. I guess we're going with HI today. Coms - "One down"

AR shows nothing, so I deploy a half dozen micro drones to confirm that the blueprints I have are correct. Laser fire in the hallway highlights the three installations I need to destroy, so I pick them off. Only six drones left, so I save them for now. Fuck the SysInfo anyway. Coms - "Step 2 is a bust. Heading up anyway"

As the tiniest of vibrations registers on an overlay in my AR field, I jump up and out with all my strength, catching a light fixture, and narrowly avoiding the blade scything through the low pressure zone my hasty departure left. Glob the blade, send ten stun bursts through the wall, peek through and glob the level ten defender. OK. Shit is real now. "Kill" it is. Just my style.

Run for the stairs. Two at a time, pause at the landing, two at a time, dive for cover behind the divan. No shots fired. No energy readings. Swallow. There must be a down home, gin-u-ine fucking ninja in that room then. Crap. At least level nineteen. Crap. Coms - "Second down. Going Hot"

Press the stud for stimulant injection - I can feel the buzz rush put from my right shoulder. Press a second stud for calm and a third for mind. I'm now fully jacked up, rational and as calm as a human being can be. I might have a sliver of a chance.

There is a slot window above the door to the final room. There should also be an open window twenty feet away to the right.

Run up. Jump. Head first through window, press grey button on right forearm as I tuck into a roll. The smoke probably won't help, but it doesn't hurt to try.

Painful blow to my back drives air from my lungs and sends me flying. Fuck! 

There is no panic (thank the pharmacists for that), but getting my footing is a challenge as I parry the blows raining down, seemingly from everywhere. AR goggles are a godsend: I get the tiniest warning of the next direction of attack.

I drive up into the highest jump I can (I was expecting twenty foot ceilings, and am not disappointed), and finally lay eyes on my ninjaesque opponent. Looks like the dude from the local Chinese place. Could BE that guy. Who knows? 

I also spot my objective behind him. 

I start firing stun and glob blasts at him (at level 15 I'm not rated for lethal force yet), but nothing hits.

I have to do it. Don't want to, because coming down will take days. I mash the green circle in the middle of my chest. Speed.

Time slows. I can see him move now. I run. And shoot. And deflect his blows. And run and shoot. I have stunned one of his legs and globbed his right arm. It's now or never.

Sprint as fast as I can at the desk, which is now on my left and his right. The Stars gleam in his hands.

Fuck.

Go faster.

The first star flies.

Fuck. Ten more steps.

Three more stars are coming my way (how is he THIS fast???)

Five more steps.

Star one embeds itself in my pack - i can feel the pick of its point. So sharp. 

The rest of the stars are coming.

Star two misses. 

Three embeds itself in my left tricep. FFFUUUUUCCCCKKKKK!

Four more steps. Right hand grabs the artifact.

Three more steps. Star in right calf. I can feel it but I can't - there are so many drugs. It will take months to heal.

So close now. 

Two steps. Push off the floor as hard as my feet can, and dive at the window.

I've always been told I'm too theatrical. This time it saved my life, as five stars embed themselves in the window fra me where the shadow of my head was milliseconds ago. 

And I'm through. Falling. Ungainly, but not screaming, as I know there is a repulse field below, and my landing will be feather soft.

I unfurl the artifact, silk dripping between my fingers, then whipping around me.

"Blue Team Wins!"
