Almost three decades have passed since the Rogue’s Rebellion. A month-long event in which masses of villains relentlessly hunted down all the heroes that would thwart them. In the span of thirty days, the bloods of heroes and sidekicks painted the streets they defended. Only a few heroes survived the Rouge’s Rebellion, and of those surviving few most retired or died protecting in the years following. 

There were casualties on both sides, while the era of heroes was indeed gone, many of the world’s greatest villains had been felled as well. What remained was a power vacuum waiting to be filled. I saw my chance and I took it.

Many gangs and empires rose in an attempt to grab power, and just as many were destroyed. By me. My ability to wipe away half a life time’s worth of experience was invaluable when faced with any opponent. Sure I couldn’t perform any super human feats of athleticism, but what difference did it make when anyone who stood against me couldn’t even remember why they stood against me in the first place. If anyone had kept count, I’m sure my kills during the Rebellion would’ve been unmatched.

Now the empire I have built is absolute, and to remind the world this fact, we celebrate where it all began, the month of the Rogue’s Rebellion. To celebrate I travel the world and let the people pick a champion to pit against me for each day of the Rouges Rebellion, with the promise that with my defeat the common people would earn their freedom. Thirty opponents, every year attempt to take my life during the Rebellion festivities, and every year I cull any chance the world had at defeating me. 

Today on the final day of festivities the champion picked, or foolish enough to offer to stand against me is a decrepit old man. Time has beaten this man already far more than I may ever get the chance to. His too large for his body trench coat tossed over a hunched back trails along the ground as  he moves slowly to the arena. The elderly opponents enjoy being martyrs for their cause. They may have been powerful in their heyday, or never had any powers at all, but either way they stand no chance. To have an old man walk towards me on the final day of celebrations could be an attempt at an insult, but I let the people have their small victories. It keeps the people tame.

For the 900th person to fall before me in the celebration of the Rogue’s Rebellion, I would’ve preferred something a bit more spectacular, but no matter, I rip the experiences and memories of my current opposer out of his mind and out of existence, and just as everyone else, he falls to his knees. I pull the sword I’ve used countless times to end my opponents who’re defenseless in their dazed state and I walk towards celebratory kill 900.

In a well-versed swift motion, I raise the sword and bring it cleanly down. Only this time the motion is halted by a hand. The old mans hand. But how? I took half a life time away from his mind. The hat from his head drops and reveals a face that, for the first time in so long, reduces me to pure terror. The man who grabbed the blade was the man described by as the one who singlehandedly had held up the world. The one hero I never encountered during the rebellion. 

Atlas.

By taking away thirty years of memories and experiences. The only memories now fresh and running through his mind were the lives of his comrades that had fallen to an assailant that destroyed the mind.

I delivered to myself my own retribution.
