In law school, we learned about liability of foreseeable action; for example, if someone were to hit a lamp post and that lamp post fell over and broke a window, the person would be liable to the damage done to both the lamp post and the window. The generally tries to hold people accountable for the foreseeable consequences of their actions so that any far flung and freak accidents that occur whilst living a life in good faith cannot be brought to prosecution. Hell does not follow that rule. 

Sitting on a rather scratchy and unsightly green sofa, the TV begins with my birth, whilst my mother paused the screen every other frame to agonize and mention every discomfort and pain I brought her. Moreover the supervising midwife addressed all the grievances my birth caused her through several medical anomalies which required special attention. My birth ultimately blossomed into a butterfly effect which affected every individual in the hospital that night. Spreading out resources on particularly busy night meant other nurses lacked the tools to deliver other children who now either suffered disabilities or simply died. In the first hour of my life, I heard over a hundred voices tell me vividly how I affected their lives.

Every meaningless action I went through, from playing a reckless game in a store to picking flowers in a field, generated a butterfly effect which caused ripples throughout the world. Men and women and boys and girls of all ethnicities gathered to tell me how some miniscule action influenced their life in minute but powerful ways, forever altering the fates of destiny for better or worse. As the voices continued, I learned how my actions spread through humanity like a drop of oil slowly diffusing through vibrant ocean water. I quickly learned Hell is not a place to wish you would never have been born; Hell is the place to learn why you should never have been born. 

*****

Like this? Want more? Check out [r/Andrew__Wells](https://www.reddit.com/r/Andrew__Wells/)