"Hello everyone. Welcome to the Vampire Therapeutic Center. For those of you who have not yet met me, my name is Magnum and I will be your guidance counselor through this bumpy road called eternity." 

The circle of vampires let out a pathetic hello in response to Magnum's welcome. In return, Magnum forced a smile upon her face. I knew it was a smile because I have been coming to this vampire group for a few months now. However, if anyone else saw this facial expression, they would think that she was in pain. Her washed-out pale face stuck close to her facial bones. As she smiled, her cheeks sucked in closer to her face and you could even see the outline of her jaw. The whites of her eyes were practically yellow and her pupil was gray, which is a sign of deterioration among vampires. A healthy vampire would have black pupils that could mesmerize an individual into giving up their blood. 

"I want to remind you all that just because your arms are not crafted from metals with superior strength, and just because your ears are not equipped with a deluxe microphone that could hear even the most minute sound vibration, then that doesn't mean that you are less worthy than those individuals. Remember. You have the upper hand. You live forever." Magnum attempted to express to us with strong passion. However, her passionate words were continually interrupted with fluctuations in her voice. She has not been drinking enough blood and that is blatantly drying out her throat.

"Oh yeah! Well I don't wanna live anymore Magnum. I cannot stand to be the weak-link. In the 80s I reigned supreme. Everyone feared me." said delusional Denon. He stood from his seat and wailed his large arms around the room in order to riot the other individuals in the room. "I was 'Devious Denon,' popular amongst the vampires and non-vampires. Now I am living in a one bedroom apartment that looks over the dumpster and all I can ever drink is cow blood. COW BLOOD! No vampire should ever taste that nasty shit." 

He was right. Cow blood meant an all time low for vampires. We are living in the midst of a crash in the human blood market. It's a great struggle to drink blood because of everyones adornment with bionic body parts. Draining someone of blood used to take at least 2 minutes. Now, however, that process takes nearly 2 hours. To top that off, blood drives are becoming sparse because no one needs blood to live. There is always some other way to be cured. 

"Magnum..." 

The whole crowds eyes stared straight at this voice. It was the voice of Sister Leuko. No one has ever heard her spoken before. She is one of the oldest vampires known to live in New York City. 

"Yes Sister Leuko. Please speak."

"I believe our reign is over."

"No..." 

Our reign over? Our reign never dies though. From my knowledge, the  lives of vampires is endless. There is no such thing as the end.

"Magnum. We cannot have these poor women and men live in a state like this. We must give them the serum."

Magnum looked down and rubbed her wrists in disbelief. The room filled with whispers of what this so-called serum could possibly be. After a while, Magnum began to speak.

"In the 1920s, a serum was developed post WWI in order to be given to vampires who were experiencing PTSD. Every single droplet of blood they sucked seemed to come with it haunting memories. That was around the time when psychological treatments for vampires began. When the Vampire Therapeutic Center developed. This serum basically reversed the effects of being a vampire. One droplet on your tongue and you would slowly morph back into mortality. Then, in nearly 5 minutes your body returns back into its actual age and you die due to failures in all your organs. The founder of this serum warned us  that this should only be used in serious times of hardship because it almost wiped out the vampire race due to its high demand. We will provide you all with this serum if that is the decision you want to make."

I want to take it.

Sister Leuko disclosed the serum from a pouch in her pocket. She knew that today would be the day. She went around the room and asked everyone if they wanted to bring on this end. Nearly everyone said yes. Except for one young man. A man I believe to be a relatively new vampire. One by one the vampires began to fall across the floor, their movement ceasing to exist. I slowly felt the effects of the serum. For the first time in a long time, I felt my heart beat vigorously. It was a new sensation that I was not accustomed to. I lay on the floor and closed my eyes. I felt my body give up on me. Everyone around me lay dead. Dead... That's a word I never thought I would use in reference to vampires. 

It was quiet around me since I was one of the last to taste the serum. Just then I heard the static nature of an old walkie talkie. 

"All clear. The vampires have been eradicated."

My eyelashes fluttered once more.

Gone. 