Winter fell upon the city and chilled Jack to the bone. It was the bones that gave people away. A few years back, after the great famines of 2052, we were all tagged on our right arm subcutaneously almost directly on the bone with a chemical compound that reacted with the age of your body.

In essence, it started tracking how old you were and whether you needed food. For a while, only specially designed machines could tell how old a person was and then dispense the right food rations for your age, height, and weight.

But a few years after that, certain people found that they would start to see a small number appear floating above people’s heads. These people became bodyguards and bouncers because of course, it allowed them to tell the actual age of people. They weren’t too good with the ladies though because they could always tell how old they were and would know when they were lying, but that was the trade off.

Jack had discovered that he had this power and joined the Elite Bouncer team of the United Nations. The EBUN as they called it. Not that they had great buns, but well, you get the idea.

Things were going fine. People either had 1 or 2 digits above their head. But one day, out of the blue, a 4 digit number appeared above someone’s head.

It was the start of winter and the global warming had actually gone the opposite of what everyone predicted, the tricks done back in the early 2040s to try to cool the planet backfired and turned it into a refrigerator. I guess puncturing a hole in the atmosphere to release the greenhouse gases let the vacuum of space suck ALL the heat away, leaving a bone chilling biting cold that nipped away any body warmth you had left. So people had developed these super thick coats they wore to travel from place to place when you stepped outside.

Modern medicine helped a little so occasionally you saw a 3 digit number. But a four digit number, that was impossible. Medicine hadn’t progressed this far.

But on this particular day, something was different. The moment he saw that 4 digit number, there was a warm feeling that started to come over him.

That was the moment, as the stories would later tell, was the 2nd coming of Jesus Christ.