The incalculable volume of data involved in the analyses was truly astounding. Thousands of years worth of observation, research, and modeling were boiled down into the format of recommendations and directives that simple military commanders could execute. Comprehension of the instructions was both unnecessary and generally undesirable. Secondary analysis, opinionating, or questioning on the part of commanders were all likewise vestigial.  
  
However, staring down at the blue orb of a (totally unprepped) world below him, the General of Planetary Operations couldn't help but draw his own analytical conclusions: Cthulhu was a lazy fuck.  
  
"None of it?" the GPO asked.  
"None of it, sir." the intelligence officer confirmed.  
  
The Long-Term Pre Invasion Preparations, or LPIP, checklist in the intelligence officer's hand was blank. Absolutely blank.  
  
The GPO blinked. He felt like someone had botched the tuning of the inertial suppression field, throwing a careless loop out across the bridge and leaving him with a nauseating feeling of sliding. He needed traction, fast.  
  
"Computer, search military records for invasions initiated with LPIP checklists incomplete."  
"Search returns 3.2 x 10^8 results."  
"Modify search criteria: limit to instances with zero LPIP checklist items completed."  
"Search returns no results."  
  
The GPO nearly vomited. Not only was there no record of a successful invasion on an unprepped world, there was no record of any invasion even being attempted in such a situation. If the unpleasant sensation before had been the feeling of his career slipping into the head, the new sensation was it being sucked down and exposed to the vacuum of space in preparation for processing with all the other shipboard waste.  
  
Well, if this was to be the end of GPO's career, he was sure as shit dragging the lazy, overblown legend responsible down the shitter with him.  
  
"Fuck it," the GPO said, "Summon Cthulhu."  
  
There was a moment of still silence on the bridge. The GPO could feel the ship's captain giving him a look. It was a junior communications officer who broke the silence first.  
  
"Sir, requesting clarification of message instructions."  
  
The GPO wheeled on him and watched as the junior officer instantly grew to regret whatever sense of duty that had driven him to speak. He wilted at his station.  
  
"Get. Him. Here. Now."  
  
The GPO turned his back on the comms officer and screamed to the bridge in general, "I don't give a damn how, I just want that bastard onboard this ship and in debriefing five minutes ago!"  
  
The head of the LPIP coordination team bolted from the chair at his station.  
  
"Sir, I must protest this violation of invasion procedure! I must remind the GPO that direct contact with any LPIP assets prior to establishing dominance in the planetary area of operations is prohibited." The 'strictly' was left off--all prohibitions in the operational procedures were 'strict'. The LPIP coordinator continued, "Any communications must be routed through OCACOM, sir!"  
  
Edit: I have to go now. More to come later. Probably.