Never done anything like this before. I  love thinking of stories and ive written quite a bit in the past but i've never been happy with it. If theres anything I can improve on please let me know. Hope you guys enjoy.

\-----

The air was sticky, Rez thought she enjoyed the warm weather but it always took her back. The past was the past, it didn't matter anymore, everything and everyone had moved on. Planting one foot in front of another in the golden sand Rez keep moving. 

A middle aged man in an old baggy shirt distracted her from her internal monologue, he seemed nice enough but she could instantly tell he was drunk. The smell of scotch was so intense that Rez could almost taste it. He clumsily shoved a pamphlet towards her, the pamphlet was from a hotel detailing where the local attractions were. His speech was impossible to follow. She couldn't leave the guy like this. The hotel wasn't too far out of her way so she decided she would take him back.

After 5 minutes of dragging this poor man, with the afternoon sun radiating on her shoulders Rez was straining to continue. She propped the man on a bench to rest. She closed her eyes and felt the cool breeze rushing along the promenade. The rustling through the trees in harmony with the waves crashing in the distance. She heard a soft thump, she looked around to see the drunken man had passed out and slumped onto the floor. She heard a bang, instant pain and everything went black.

Rez gasped awake, her heart was racing, what had happened? Where was she? She ached from head to toe. Her instincts started to kick in. Rez took long deep breaths. A wave of calm washed over her. Her eyes had started to adjust to the darkness. Rez found herself in a dark, skanky room. No windows, dark clay water stained walls and only one door. She tried to move but her hands and feet were bound with cable ties. She shimmied herself up the wall so she was now half standing half propped up. She looked down and saw her clothes crumpled, dirty and stained with something. It was blood, she knew it instantly. It was the way to felt against her skin, the roughness of it paired with how it stuck to her. She heard them coming, two sets of footsteps. The door creaked open. In came a small fat man and behind him, was the drunk. 

They said nothing, they grabbed her. Rez let them drag her out into a bright room. Inside what she saw should have scared her but what did happen was she let out a small sly smile. It was a torture room. She had come across one before. Rez was impressed, they had an old stretching rack, a Judas chair but standing prominently in the middle of the room was a near perfect replica of the Brazen Bull. They slumped Rez into a chair, the fat man collected a pair of scissors, the drunk was holding some chains. Rez knew that she had only one opportunity and only two seconds to plan. As they both approached her she slumped out of the chair onto the floor. They cut her feet free and she had her split second of opportunity. Rez thrust out her right leg, the heel of her foot connecting perfectly with the drunks nose. He staggered backwards crashing into the bull, dazzed. Rez them grabbed the fat mans left knee with her still bound hands and pushed. She felt the knee dislocate in her hands. Rez lifted herself up, his screams erupting into the room, she looked up to see his head impact onto the Judas chair, his blood splattered up the wall and then oozed down onto the floor like ice cream melting. Rez then half collapsed under the impact of the chain swiping down onto her shoulder. In the corner of her eye she could see the scissors shimmering under the bright lights. Rez grabs them, rolls towards the drunk, just avoiding another whip of the chain as its crashes into the stone floor just inches from her head sending sparks flying. Her roll closes the gap to the drunk and she impales the scissors into his thigh. He screams out in agony, falling to the ground and he drops the chain. Rez stands over him, she can see the defeat in his eyes. There is no fear there just defeat. In one swift motion she slits his trachea. As he lays there clutching his throat, blood escaping through his taught fingers Rez coldly whispers "that's two more I won't loose sleep over". The life drains from him and Rex exits out of the only other door in the room.