The rise to power had not been easy.

It began with unrest. The people of my country grew tired of corruption, of ignorance and greed. I offered an alternative. It was never my intention to become a demagogue. Seemingly overnight, people rallied to my words, carried my spite filled messages regarding the foreigners who would poison our homeland as if it were scripture. Soon enough, I didn't even have to win a democratic election. It was given to me.

That was in the 2050's. Through years of savvy maneuvering, political alliances, and shady deals, I managed to put my country in good standing with the many skeptic world leaders. This was hard to do, to convince to the world that a country with such a rich history as mine could turn to someone who is seemingly a dictator, and flourish under them. The accusations of human rights violations would be swept under the rug, along with the weapons manufacturing and uranium enrichment facilities. Things were coming along nicely. 

It deviated in 2070. That year, for some reason, sparked a desire within me. My goal raged at my corporeal form, begging to be realized. I knew what had to be done. I set my sight for Russia. There was no true reason why, it made almost no sense to an outsider. Even to the large portion of my own country, my invasion seemed nonsensical. This was only exacerbated by the fact that my Chilean army was insignificantly ill prepared to invade the barren land in the dead of winter. Our forces were quickly crushed, and our bombs shot from the sky. 

The entire world wasn't as much shocked as it was... confused. It really didn't add up. I suppose some things never will. My transgressions did, however, spark a great war between Chile and Russia, a terrible conflict that would claim thousands of lives in the counter invasion of our country. Once again, terribly thought out planning on my part, for which I take full responsibility. In fact, I'm obliged to take full responsibility as I write now, filling out this quick autobiography before I am marched from my cell to the U.N. Courts along with my military advisers for my unwarranted attack on a peaceful sovereign nation. 

As I prepare to stand for my crimes, I must wonder, what truly is the allure to attempt Russia in the dead of winter?