I stopped in my tracks and looked past Jerry's blank eyes to the threads tautly above him. There must be hundreds, all intricately sewn. The blood flushed from my face in unison with the tightening of my stomach. "J-Jerry you've got webs all over you! Go clean yourself up" I order in feared disgust. 

But he just stares blankly and an uneasy silence falls between us, causing my chest to tighten around my thumping heart. A sickly rustling emanates from an unseen nook above as Jerry's bodily jerkily moves towards me- "HUNGRY!" he groans as if possessed.

The voice is so out of place, the blood flushes from my face "H-honey whats wrong with you, why are you acting like thi-"BANG. Suddenly my husband of 6 years' face explodes, to expose hundreds of tiny spiders scurrying to and fro.

"GET ON THE GROUND! NOW!!" Barks a man behind me as I fall instinctively, hitting my back roughly against the wooden floor. 

Twisting round I see 4 men enter through the hallway and fan out, dressed like SWAT teams do in the movies, all opening fire without hesitation. The room lights up in brilliant flashes, my eyes become dazzled as they light up what was my husband moments ago. 

Jerry's limp and shredded body falls to the ground. The lead man extends his gloved hand to clasp my pale and shaky one. "Who're you?" I whimper in shock more than curiosity.

"Nathan Kerry ma'am, Delta team 5. We're here to give you immediate evac. The whole LA metropolitan area is under attack and you're the only one who can help. Now get up!" he booms 

"What're you talking about! What the fuck happened to Jerry!" my voice cracks in devastated fear

He shakes his head to say something but is cut off "CONTACT!" bellows another of the men. We both wheel round to see a huge, slender and black leg smash through the screen door. "JESUS CHRIST, its a level 4 arachnid, must be over 20ft tall, Nathan!" remarks the same unknown man.

Nathan hefts his gun up and looks at the leg and then at me, "OK John, Rodriguez get Mary out of here! Ma'am please you gotta go, all will be explained later but lets just say they weren't after your husband...OPEN FIRE!" he screams as one of the men is pierced through the chest by the giant appendage and dragged out the hole where my door once was. 

John carries me through the front garden as Rodriguez flame throwers scores of regular spiders. Like a living carpet they continue to gain ground with each proceeding lapse in fire. John throws me into the helicopter just before a fishing net like web smacks against his leg and drags him back inside what is left of my house.

The helicopter rocks into the air as I grasp a handle and heave myself into a chair. As we lift off I scan the LA skyline, through the plumes of smoke and distant explosions. A gasp escapes my lungs as I see the same threads suspended above the buildings. My eyes remain locked at the sky as we bank hard to the right away from the city. As the sun glares in my eyes from behind the unsettling sight I catch a glimpse of one word. "MARY" written in silk high in the sky.

