"Look, man. It's not that hard to wrap your head around. The scythe is yours. You're Death now. Grim Reaper. Moddey Dhoo, Charon, Mallt-y-nos, Anubis, whatever. You'll get a lot of names as cultures rise and fall, it's not that important. I had a favorite, but nobody around even remembers that name anymore. Important thing is, you're the man now. Leading lost souls to their afterlife and all that."

"I just don't get it. Why ME?"

It was huge. Like, impractically huge. How was he supposed to hold it? It was easily 30... no,40 feet tall. About even with Death's height. He was just as imposing, as well. He seemed to loom taller than the cottage's ceiling, yet he didn't have to crouch or otherwise change. He was just... Tall.

*What is it used for anyways? How does a scythe help with the reaping of souls?*, I thought to himself.

Death seemed to pick up on his thought process, because he let out another long sigh before continuing, as if he couldn't be bothered with such mundane questions.

"The scythe doesn't matter either. That changes too. Sometimes it's a regular farmer's scythe, sometimes it's all black and glowy and all that. Sometimes you won't even have a scythe. Everything changes. You'll get used to it. I wasn't always this tall, either. I was actually kind of just a void at certain points. Pretty funky. I can turn into a cup of salt water, if you like."

"But again, why ME?" I repeated, "All I do is gather the tribe's herbs and tend to the animals."

"No," he interrupted,"You *also* do a ton of role play with your soothsayer."

I turned 50 shades of maroon. I would always play with A'grith, since he was gifted with the power of illusion and usually just goofed around in pretend scenarios. Nobody knew about that but us. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"I enjoyed this job. At least, I have for the past few thousand years. In the ancient times, it was all 'ALAS, PLEASE SPARE ME', and I even got a bunch of free food and... other forms of entertainment. And for the last couple hundreds of years, most of the population never even thought about me. All I had to do was hang around lovely tropical islands, or meet with the occasional lunatic. It's quite relaxing after having to put on the whole shtick of weighing somebody's heart and having a dog-crocodile eat them if they lied."

"So what changed?" I asked. 

"Well, as of late, I've been bothered constantly by the amount of stories I've been in."

"Excuse me?"

"It's part of the whole thing. Whenever I get put into a story, I have to act it out. I live through it. It's hard to explain. You kind of just have to go with it since it's part of what gives you your existence."

"I still don't get it. You're quitting because... of stories?"

Death groaned. "LOOK. The first thousands of years were fine. They were cool stories. I was a total BAMF in those. A force of nature. The great equalizer. Even in the kids stories, I was always unbeatable. You remember Appointment at Samarra?"

"No."

"...Right. My bad. But I loved that story. No matter how many times it's told, that last line is SO COOL. 'Because.... I had an appointment with you in Samarra.' SO COOL! But now, every other day I'm being called into new stories, and the scripts aren't nearly as good! It's always either WAY too flowery or WAY too casual. There's no middle ground. It's like Death is a tale told by an idiot or something. And half the time, I'm forced to pretend I'm giving away my powers to some nobody who's clearly a self insert power fantasy character. Where's the good roles? I deserve to be in better stories! How come those old farts from Egypt get awesome high budget action flicks and I'm stuck with a load of artsy hisper types? And the worst part is, every time this happens, I pray to Me that it's the real deal and I get to finally escape this Hell, but it never is, and before I know it, I'm being torn away from Acapulco again to star in some B-list script which was clearly thrown together in 10 minutes."

"I still don't quite follow."

"Whatever. The prompt doesn't say you have to agree to it. You seem to enjoy being the edgy antagonist and all that, so maybe you'll get a kick out of it. Either way, here's the scythe, enjoy the powers. Have a nice day."

And just like that, Death was gone. Memories flowed into my mind. Ancient languages, cities, civilizations, religions, magics, sciences, musics, stories... they all came flooding in like half-chewed food being swallowed down in sizes far too large for my throat to handle. But it came clear to me that I was now the Grim Reaper. I had become Death, destroyer of worlds. This wasn't pretend. This wasn't a play with A'grith and the animals where I'd slay the great beast, Ernest the chicken. This was real. I felt my first calling, towards a land of great wealth and power. Worlds slowly trickled into my mind...

*You live in an ancient world, when somebody turns 18, they will....*

Ah, shit.