"I just don't get it," i called over my shoulder, Dad was sitting in the kitchen by the little TV. "How is my ranking so much higher than yours, You were a great Dad to me."

I started the Dryer, 5 minutes, i might have to open it early but it should be fine, it'll be warm enough by the time the show ends.

"There isn't that much difference, they found a #2,294,537,898. It's massive the d and the last 8 overlap each other. I would find that hilarious if there wasn't a kid involved in there somewhere."

"You know what I mean, I learned everything about being a father from you, how are we that different..." I trailed off as i heard another commercial break start. after those 2 more minutes of Show for the "next time" & tv would be done. Gotta be ready on time.

He was quiet for a while, that's where I got it from. During college Dad studied Native American history. He learned that many tribes didn't trust a man who wasn't comfortable thinking silently before he spoke. It's part of what made both of us good speakers, a pause that wasn't verbalized with a 'Like', 'Err', or 'Umm' carried more weight.

"It's part of what you learned that I taught you on accident that accounts for the gap. I remember saying on more than one occasion Do as I say not as I do, You don't do that, cause you did as I said and made it a habit. Also, with what your brother did..."

"Hold on a sec," I didn't interrupt my father often & he knew it was important when i did. I had heard the closing song begin and i wanted to keep the schedule as tight as possible. Routine was comfortable to him. Sure enough he was standing in front of the Dryer when I got there.

"There you are Thomas, it's time for your bath." I Opened the Dryer & pulled out a child size Bathrobe and two towels. The robe was very warm and the towels would still be when he got out. "The water is already ran, be careful getting in and I will be up shortly to help you with your hair." Thomas nodded and trotted off towards the stairs. Dad had just moved back into the area after he retired and Thomas wasn't comfortable around him yet. I turned behind me to walk back & found Dad standing between the kitchen and the laundry room.

"That's why, You've been dealt a hard hand in parenting, Son. You were easy, and i thought your brother was too. Turns out i just wasn't paying enough attention. But you, Your daughter starts college this year, and with that spectrum thing Thomas has; I don't really understand what's going on but I  can see how hard it is." He took a deep breath, steadying himself for whatever he was going to say next.

"I know you were down at the prison last week..."

"Dad, he's still my Broth..."

"Now let me finish. You went down there for Justin's birthday in spite of what he did to your eldest. You helped Lilly move past that, and once she did you forgave him." His Eyes had begun to mist over, but he continued. It seemed to me that he had been preparing this speech for long time. Since even before the number changed.

"Me, I haven't seen him in 14 years. Can't even stand to look at the family pictures with him in them. That why the difference. That's why I'm so proud of you. I Look at my #19,864 and i KNOW, that it's all because of you." He was crying now, Tears streaking through the oil from his project car and into the beard he grew after he retired.

"You've got a lot to handle. Home schooling Thomas, your wife always at the office working on the next case. But I see all your family has been through. I look up at that Mug of yours and I can tell you that Thomas, Angela, Lilly, Me, and even that Fuckhead brother of yours would disagree with #364. You're number one, and you always have been." 

"I love you too, Dad." I almost couldn't bring myself to forge into that silence. It was too profound, but i had to get upstairs to keep an eye on Thomas. Best to get it over with, like with pulling off a band-aid, just like Dad used to say.

 "By the way, I got us Baseball Tickets. Rubber Ducks; I don't know how Thomas would handle a big MLB game, but I wanted him to experience something like what We all did when I was younger."

"I'd like that Jr. I'll stop over early and we can work out driving plans." He turned to leave but stopped short.

"See, that's what I was talking about," he said pointing at the mugs on the shelf. "Yours says #359 now, I brag all the time about your dad mug. I gotta go, want to get home before it gets too dark."

"Sure, Friday will be fun, just like old times. Lock the door on your way out, will ya." I said smiling, Dad tossed a wave over his shoulder as he walked out, He didn't see it, but his rank had gone up too. Just like i knew it would.