After ninety years on this floating shitstorm of a planet there was one thing I could say in all of my ancient wisdom as I sat down in the egg shaped pod and the thick green goo swamped over my body. I was more than ready to close my eyes for the last time. 

The pods to my sides were identical in colour and shape and I watched as each of my comrades, all wearing the same purity white uniform I was, took their turn submersing themselves. They were all dutifully accepting the long sleep ahead. We were old now, that is what I noticed, these faces were no longer the merry expressions of youthful anticipation but the hardened faces of instinctual habit. I suppose my own face looks like that nowadays as well, although I was never concerned enough to look it in the mirror. My life before the pod was a series of the necessary actions that sustained my body and nothing more. Eat, drink water, sleep. Eat, drink water, sleep. Eat, drink water, sleep. To what end? The purpose that inspired my youth was come and gone and I was but an old man, living in reminiscence of the past. And, as the final ripple of green glue had calmed above me, I was ready to accept the end. The passing into dream was simple and painless, the scientists had ensured the utmost safety and ease in the marketing of their invention, that's why I had chosen here to end it all. Tinkering with the dials beside my pod and implementing the little technological expertise I had at my old fingertips I had removed the time limit on the clock. When I went under I would never again resurface and with that I was content. 

But, as I lay there something dawned on me as I waited for sleep. This was taking far too long. My acceptance and peace was being replaced by doubt and impatience. I want this to end. I want to end. 

That mistake was 30 years ago.
I now know my folly and have paid for it in kind. My punishment is 100 years of immobility and solitude. 

The strange thing is, I'm rather looking forward to continuing the dull life of mine once this blasted goo has left me. The taste of food and the feeling of a breeze on my face, all these things I had taken for granted when I had them. The beauty of simplicity was before my eyes the whole time if only I had the sense to see it. Well, I do now. Never again will I think of ending it. When I wake I shall walk this earth a grateful old man looking in longing to the future as well as the past. Yes, I am quite ready to live again. Quite ready.