His eyes remained depressed, same as last time and the one before that. He remained a shallow vessel of his past glory. He Never really accepted his  fate. Even if he did, immortality changes the greatest of men. 
He used to have all that  man could wish for , power, women, the rarest possesions and of course money, the root of power. He was the King of a country filled sand and riches. All he wanted he got. 
But being blinded by power his greed Never ended. 
So he seeked that which no man had ever had, immortality. He invested his Fortune in books of darker knowlege, his grand Palace became the Paragon for inhumane research. After half a century the research advanced but at to low a pace.
Nearly al of his hair had fallen of and his bones had  become weak. 
When one faitfull day a man from Arabian descend offered him what he had longed for al these years. But like al things this comes at a price , the entirety of his kingdom must be sacrificed, fearing death like most mortal men he foolishly accepted. He signed his name in a book made from human flesh . Right After he signed his heart collapsed from exitement.

After some darkness which felt like ages, he woke up in a boat next to a cloaked figure. 'who are y-
'My name is none of your concern'  said it with a chilled voice. 'then Tell me where we are going' the King demanded. ' hell'  the figure said. The figure turned around to now face this newly fallen man, only to je greeded by nothing. Confused as to what happend to the man he assumed he fell into the abbys and that he would remain there for eternity.

The King woke up. His body felt different, he was suprisingly young again. But he didn't wake up in his bed. Instead on burning sand. He looked around but saw nothing but dessert. Realising he would shortly die if he not Found shelter, saw no where to seek shadow.  
That was 60.000 years ago the grim reaper thought. The King wanted nothing but to be released from this world that he did not seem to understand. He used to speak, but it didn't take long for him go become Mad. Now he grunts, making inhuman noises. He died timer After time After time by his owner hand, hoping this horrible curse would end. 
The grim reaper tried to comfort him in this time but he was Never meant for this Task. He saw how a man lost more than everything in his fear for death. Which changed the reaper, he saw the greed of men and showed no Compassion towards the race of man.