With his legs shaking, he stepped up onto the platform. He tried to slow his exhalation as the disinfection squad began their work. He was terrified, but excited. At first he had been reluctant to take on the job, wishing instead for a broadcasting post up in the communications tower. His boss had given him a great speech about being progressive and being remembered for generations to come, making history and the likes. He hadn't been fully convinced until he was informed of the paycheck. 

The disinfection squad finished up quickly and neatly. He entered the travel chamber and suddenly he was standing in the reception of the Earth Atmospherical Office. 

"Good morning Krog, ready for departure?" his boss asked, his tone firm and kind, obviously trying very hard to remain calm. Up until now communcations with humanity had took place completely through digital media, this would be the first time an actual face to face meeting were to be held. 

"As ready as I'll ever be, Sir." Krog answered, flashing a shaky smile. 

"Your team is standing ready, I see the disinfection squad have already suited you up. We're writing history today Krog, no one has ever attempted a face-to-face meeting with the humans before. I wish you luck."

"Thank you sir! I will do my very best!" Krog answered, perhaps a little too loud. As he entered the vessel, he could hear the people start to snap and cheer loudly behind him. A sudden sense of pride started building inside of him, fighting the persistent fear. 

As soon as the doors closed, the vessel started descending, accelerating quickly. The whole trip took no longer than about 30 seconds, and the vessel landed softly in a big green field. Krog was taken aback by the sheer amount of humans hustling for space outside of the see-through barrier. Guards with black weapons were standing both inside and outside of it, he wasn't sure if it they were there for his sake or for theirs. 

At the same moment the doors opened, a section of the glass barrier did aswell, and a group of 5 humans started walking towards the vessel. Krog could feel his muscles tensing up. He stepped out, his own team of guards following suit. They stopped about 1 metre away from eachother. Krog looked up on his welcoming committee, standing at about two thirds their height. The human was the first to talk. Krog took note of the exaggerated movements their mouths made, and the absence of clicking noises. His translator started sounding in his ear almost in sync with the human. 

"I am Kate Harris, and it is my pleasure and my honorable duty to welcome you to our planet, our home: Earth. In order to start our future relations on a good foot, I would like to introduce myself with a human gesture of greeting. Place your right limb in front of yourself like I have, and copy my movements."

Krog looked nervously to his guards for approval. They were standing ready with their weapons. One of them gave a slight approving gesture. Krog slowly raised his right arm. His three fingers were now on level with the humans five, and suddenly the human grabbed his hand. He noticed the guards tensing up around him. The human then moved his hand up and down twice, and show him its teeth. Krog tried to mimick the expression as best he could. The human then quickly removed their limb. 

"Nice to meet you." The human said.

"Nice to meet you." Krog answered. 

They had left the field shortly afterwards and entered a very spacious room. As soon as the doors had closed around them, he had noticed a change in the behaviour of the human. It started talking again. 

"It sure feels a lot better to have left the crowd behind us. I always cramp up a bit when appearing in public." Krog noted down this strange behaviour.

"I hope you don't mind the setting. We took votes about how to do this thing. Some people wanted it to be formal. I was one of the people who voted for a more casual, one-on-one setting. Feels more natural. I'm not sure if you agree though. What do you think?"

Slightly confused about the change of mood, Krog hesitated a bit before answering. 

"I don't see the difference." He decided to be honest. Afterall, they were supposed to learn about eachother were they not?"

"Oh really? Your kind don't get stage fright then?"

"Stage fright?"

"Oh. It's when you are to appear in front of a large crowd and it makes you nervous or even frightened. Do you mind if I have a drink by the way? It helps me calm down." Krogs initial fear was starting to disappear. His curiosity had been sparked. The human had been nervous too? Humans had this kind of feelings?

"If you need to drink you should drink. I'm surprised to hear humans have these feelings." He hesitated for a moment. "Do you also feel fear?"

The human stopped its movements for a bit, holding a container of some kind in each hand. It looked up at him. 

"Why yes, naturally we do. Everyone does."

"You, being the leading race of your planet, with all its dangers and obstacles, experience *fear*?"

The human gave a noise which Krog only could describe as bouncy. He rather enjoyed it.

"Putting it that way, I can see why you would be surprised. I suppose feeling fear is one of the reasons we managed to get where we are. We have a saying which goes "Face your fears". It means that you need to do something even if you are afraid. I think it's something everyone has to learn." 

Krog had to process this for a moment, and he passively watched as the human, having transfered a portion of brown liquid from one container to the other, brought one of the containers to its mouth. 

"What are you drinking?" He finally asked. 

"Scotch, want to try some? Oh nevermind, it might be dangerous for you."

"Dangerous? Why? What's in it?"

"It's an alcoholic beverage."

Krog winced as his translator informed him that humans often ingested this poisonous liquid. This was going to be... interesting. 

This is the first time I try this, I really enjoyed writing the dialogue. Felt like it sort of just played out itself. Like I wasn't making it up, just recording it in writing.  