Nobody expects break room pass-times to become headline news.  We go to work, we work, we stare at the same screens or the same moving parts all day, and we do it every day.  The differences between one day and the next are so minuscule that we never notice them; dust building on our monitors, a gear slowly baking down its lubricant, Fired-Jake's old lunch cooler slowly creeping toward the edge of the lunch rack due to the vibration of the AC unit mounted on the same wall.  To us, all of us -- and you know this is true -- working is like walking into the same old crappy painting every day.  That's how these little pass-times come about in the first place.

Like staring contests.

I thought Luke was easy money that day...  He wasn't staying hydrated and his eyes were dry and red.  That, and he didn't do anything with his big mop of shaggy blond hair, so I was pretty sure his bangs would poke his eyeballs as soon the contest started.  

Oh how wrong I was.

The rest of the shift covered for us.  We were an hour past the time when our low wage butts were expected back out on the floor.  I could hear the clock ticking in between Luke's annoying barrage of insults.

"Just blink.  You can't beat me, you're old.  Your back is probably so sore right now."

"36 isn't old... Your mom, though, she's old as dirt.  She still rocked my world, though..."

"And then you got a hip replacement?"

"Need a safe space yet?"

'Ohhh sick GenX burn, bro."

"Hey, remember Windows 95?  Another disappointing 90s baby."

"Sssshh...  Just close your eyes old man, it's time for your nap."

"Woh..."

"I know, right?  How did I know?  Boooof, your head explodes...  And then you sleep."

"No...  I.  You're starting to look kind of...  Nevermind."

"World getting a little fuzzy buddy?  You can close your eyes.  Just blink, Toby, and all will be as it was.  Just blink, bro."

"No I'm serious."

"Brah... ...  Yer so old."  

"Dude...  What are you, 29?  You're gonna be me in like five years."

"Your math struggle is real, bro.  And you'll be in a nursing home in five years."

"Luke..."

"If you quote the Original Trilogy again, I swear to god I'm..."

"NO, shut up...  Something's wrong here."

I think Luke sensed something in my tone of voice, because there was a brief pause in the conversation.  Neither of us blinked.  We kept our eyes locked on.  But I could see Luke thinking, and after a minute or so, I saw surprise blend into his expression.  

He reached for his phone.

"Luke..."  I sighed.  "Not everything has to be documented on twitter, you tool."

"I'm not tweeting...tool.  Get yours out."

He faced his screen toward me, and I understood.  I took out my phone so he could see.  We used our peripheral vision.  I hoped that he would blow it, and he hoped I would, but we both kept staring straight ahead.  

"Does it look the same?" Luke asked.

"Yup."

"Daammmn."

"Yea."

"What is it?"

"I think...  Code?"

"Yea that's what I see too."  

"What the hell kind of code is it?"

"Am I Zuckerberg now?"

"Dude..."

"Don't call me dude, bro."

"Shut your mouth.  Are you recording?"

"Yea.  You?"

"Yea."

"Okay..." I said, nodding my head subtly.  "If one of us blinks, we have it on video.  Let's change the rules a little.  We look at whatever that is for a second, and as long as no one blinks, this ain't over."

"I like it.  No.  I love it."  

"On three..."

So that's what we did.  The code was kind of Matrixy, but a lot more chaotic.  At first it was like trying to read random gibberish, but after a minute or two...  Let's just say it was like we were lamps and someone finally plugged us into the wall.

"Woh..." Luke said.  "I think...  I think I get it.  I *AM* Zuckerberg!"

"Yea me too."

"Only one of us can be Zuckerberg, bro."

"Okay..." That's all I said.

"You can be Snowden."

"Okay..."

"Bro?  Say something else."

"Dude... I think I can do something."

"Do what?"

So I reached into the cloud-matrix, and I made Luke's face turn green.  It took him a few seconds for him to notice, which is understandable with everything that was going on and the fact that he had to pick it up on my phone using only his peripheral.  But when he figured it out, he lost it.

"OHHHH!" Luke yelled exuberantly.

"Yea.  That's nuts.  We are definitely hallucinating."

"No way!  Watch this!"

With a deft flick of his finger, Luke gave himself massive Hulk arms.  

"Really?" I asked.  I was surprised not to have some kind of horrible but hilarious thing happen to me.  "That's the direction you're going with this?"

"HULK SMASH!"

And Hulk did indeed smash.  And we both blinked.  And access to the source code disappeared.  

Right after that, the boss figured out where we were and used the PA to publicly rip us a new one.  Luke had a big stupid grin the entire time, and I knew what was coming next.  It's still so surreal to me.  

I shrugged, slid my chair out, and gestured at the door.  Off we went.  Both of us fired.  One of us pretty excited about it.

"HULK SMASH!" Luke shouted, and the whole shift collectively shat themselves.  

"HULK SMASH!" Luke shouted.

He probably said it about thirty times on our way out.  His arms were so heavy that his legs would have buckled, so he was walking like a gorilla, using his knuckles to support his massive arms in between smashes.  His feet kind of waddled along behind him, almost like they weren't really attached, and whenever he lifted his arms up to smash he pretty much collapsed at the same time, but at least he was enjoying himself before it all came to a head.

You all know what happened next because it was on the news.  Some Hulk...  Dropped by an old lady's aptly fired blast of pepper spray.  I guess that just goes to show you...  Even if you're the only person in the world who used source-code to give yourself Hulk arms, somebody still owns that Buick you're about to smash, and pepper spray is still very much a real thing.  

Also, I think I won the starting contest.

Edit: For the record, I am refusing to edit the grammar mistakes and inconsistencies in this one, because I just enjoyed writing it too much to taint the experience.  

