You could say I’ve always been a natural talent when it comes to magic tricks. In fact, my many travels have been funded by selling tricks to fledgling magicians. Back when I was a child I was impressed by the feats of seasoned performers, but as I’ve aged the veil of mystery surrounding even the most revered magic users has slowly faded. Their egos fueled rage as I explained, disassembled, and reproduced even the most complex illusions with ease. Even the best are limited by their abilities or their raw power.

I’ve been on the road for the better part of the last decade in search of a rival, simultaneously hunting for a secret citadel populated by the very best: the elite of the elite. So far it appears to be no more than a fairy tale. I’ve yet to receive credible information from any of the villages I’ve visited or fellow travelers I’ve crossed paths with.

Somewhere in the wide open, grassy foothills of the Urian mountains, I sat underneath a great oak tree, taking bites of a conjured apple and sips of conjured wine. This part of the western territory was considered dangerous because it was still largely unexplored, teeming with bandits and aggressive creatures, and worst of all, the loneliness was overwhelming at times.

I heard them coming from far away. My sentry spell had sent a silent alarm at least 15 minutes ago. A branch broke to my left. “We desire your coin, traveler, not your life. You’re trespassing in our lands so now you must pay. You have no choice. We outnumber you.” I was torn between playing games with the bandits and just giving in. Every time it was the same. They steal my coins, I transmute more after they leave.

“Sorry, I don’t have any coins today.” I kept my eyes closed.

“Yer coins. Now!” He stuck the point of his dagger in my ribs. “My patience is running thin.”
I didn’t feel like entertaining this man’s insatiable need for gold, so I sat still and silent. “Have it your way, traveler.” He stabbed at me with his dagger. During his backswing I snapped my fingers. His dagger folded up against my shirt, flaccid and rubbery. “What is this?” One of his clansmen stifled a laugh. He spun around to face him. “Shut yer trap or you’ll be next.”

He pulled another dagger out and stabbed at me again, only to find his second dagger was equally flaccid, rubbery, and useless. His clansmen laughed at him. I snapped my fingers again. “Resol nervorum.” The bandit leader went stiff as a board and fell over. His clansmen glanced at each other nervously and backed away slightly. I pulled a heaping sack of coin out of my traveling bag and threw it to the observers. “Don’t worry. He’ll be okay in a couple hours.” They looked at each other and then at the bag. “It’s real. It’s not cursed. Enjoy it.” I drew a deep breath and continued on my way, the sound of clattering coins fading in the distance.

My map was not to scale. Not in the slightest. And the citadel was disguised - of that much I was certain. I recognized the mountain I was facing, however. It was obvious whoever drew the map had been where I was standing, but the map ended here. There was a symbol drawn in the center of the mountain but it was an ancient symbol. I assumed by this point, my next stop would be ruins. The last users of ancient magic disappeared long ago, along with their techniques.

2 days into ascending the mountains I caught my first real whiff of another’s magic. It was faint, but I knew right away it was potent. “Odorem,” I whispered to myself. If these people were as powerful as they said, it was very likely there were traps or enchantments left behind to keep people out. The path before me illuminated, remnants of magic fluorescing. Ancient, foreign magical seals covered the stone walls. At the center was a door... or at least it looked like a door.

“Aperi.” Nothing happened. I tried again. “Aperi!” Still nothing happened. I could sense eyes on me though. Lots of them. I opened up my bag and grabbed my journal. I had been studying the ancient languages for some time now but was never able to fully grasp them. I cleared my throat. I was nervous but concentrated on the sealed door. “Yngean!”

The seal faded away and the real door was revealed. The door slowly rotated inward, where a young-looking man in strange clothing stood. “Stay where you are, stranger. Normally we would have sent you... elsewhere... but you were able to use an ancient tongue. Please, join me inside.”

Magical energy oozed from the young man. The energy overwhelmed my senses. I cautiously approached the door and entered complete darkness. “Allow your eyes to adjust, stranger.” The magic was so potent here. Each breath I took seemed to energize me. The massive stone door closed behind me.

As my eyes adjusted I realized I was standing in an enormous hallway. Portraits of what I could only assume were royalty of some kind hung on the wall. As if sensing my curiosity, the young man gestured at each wall with his hand. “This entrance is adorned with our greatest leaders, going back to the beginning of our history.” Each painting was bordered by gigantic, ornate stone pillars, each with beautiful, dancing patterns.

“My name is Adonis, by the way. Formality is not my strong suit. I am advisor to the throne.” He laughed to himself and suddenly stopped at the second-to-last portrait. His eyes widened and he coughed into a closed fist. “I’m ashamed I didn’t recognize you sooner, but the throne has been sitting empty for two generations now. Sorry, I forget this is completely new to you.” My eyes traveled up the canvas only to find a familiar face.

“Grandpa...” I felt my mouth go dry and my stomach turn. A man I only knew of from stories and images was a legendary king?

Adonis turned on his heels. “Of course you’ll have to prove it. Seeing and opening our sealed entrance was impressive enough, but those are parlor tricks compared to the real test.” He stopped in front of another massive door. It was incredibly ornate and carved from a stone I had never seen before. Adonis snapped his fingers. “Welcome home, traveler. The Citadel awaits.”

Every pair of eyes I encountered widened dramatically. “Forgive them, they haven’t encountered unrequited magic quite as powerful as yours. Your grandfather was the last and your father... well, nobody really knows. We just know he doesn’t want to be found.”

The sheer amount of magical energy in the Citadel gave me a high unlike any other. I could feel every person’s energy inside the mountain, outside the mountain, and those who came before me.

Adonis led me to a chamber inside a large central spire-shaped building. He turned to face me. “Grandson of Birndl, you are about to endure the trial of ascendance. Should you survive, your heritage will be proven, and we’ll get you started on subsequent trials of the throne. Good luck. Although I doubt you’ll need it.” He smiled and snapped his fingers. He and the entrance were suddenly not there.

I pounded on the wall of the chamber and cried, “What if we’re wrong? What if I don’t survive? What happens to me?”

Adonis’ voice filled my mind: “Don’t worry. We haven’t had that problem yet. Brace yourself, traveler. The ritual begins now.”

I closed my eyes. I could hear voices chanting all around me. Words of many ancient tongues pulsated around me but all said the same thing: “Ascend, ascend, ascend...”

My body reacted so strongly I began to pass out. As the world blackened, it was the first time I felt truly relaxed.