Object Class: Keter (YK)

Special Containment Procedures: 
Current methods of active containment/destruction/observation are now prohibited by order of Galactic Overseer (GO) -■■■■■. According to the Speed and Vector of the SCP, no living creature lies within the path and expected extinction cycle of similar exothermic species, currently no species must undergo relocation. Currently, no stellar craft is allowed within 1.5×10^10 "Kilometers" of SCP-16384. Any and all craft that come within 1.43×10^10 "Kilometers" of the aforementioned star is to be terminated through use of (though not limited to): Radiation Bombardment, Thermal Ray Desintegration , Electromagnetic Detonations, [Data Expunged], and "Nuclear Warheads."

Description: SCP-16384 is a Planetoid Harboring Star currently vectoring away from the nearest habitated stars and towards habitable regions that may lead to further instances of SCP-16384-H. Discussions are currently underway to determine the containment of an interplanetary network of SCP-16384. Around this star lie anywhere from 8-9 planets of various compositions and sizes along with a nitrogen rich Mother Planet (SCP-16384-M). This planet harbors the primary focus of this article SCP-16384-H, a Bipedal fully sentient race who's biology, physiology, and psychology all display highly anomalous properties. Within a few cycles of discovery, it was beyond apparent that the -H far exceeded the physical and mental capabilities of any known life form in the multiversal codex. 

Though highly varied -H Individuals are Roughly 1.8 "Meters" in height and about 65 "Kilograms"  in weight with a Pink Hued complexion that ranges from very light to exceptionally dark and reflects the circulatory system's method of operation. Coated in a thin layer of heat trapping and wind resistant molecularly thin carapace with a focus on cranial and genitalial protection, this substance seems to be produced indefinitely and can be severed from a -H without causing physical pain. Any and all samples collected must be stored in a Class-5 Biohazardous Containment Cell and ejected into the nearest fusing body, be it star, black hole, white dwarf, or engine reactor, it matters not. Physical contact with this material has lead to: Irritation, Rash, Welting, Necrosis, Cardiovascular Poisoning, [Data Redacted], Instant Combustion, and [Data Expunged]. The above side affects can also be applied to most, if not all, of the -H's natural processes. 

Autopsies performed on -H were executed inside a hermetically sealed glass chamber before airlock ejection of the researchers and the -H Body (See Addendum 1-H). we have been unable to study individual cases of mental acuity but the data collected from wide area frequency scanning across their "Public Access" Networks has lead to a broad understanding of the general psychology of a -H.  The -H sentience seems to be the weakest aspect of their species as some willingly engage in slavery though it causes them near immeasurable pain and suffering while attempting to remove what sentience is left with poison... while others seek higher understanding and have damaged some recording equipment during observations due to [Data Corrupted] while observing groups of seemingly identical individuals during a time of prolonged inactivity. The GO has put in place a new rule for any non-essential program in an attempt to use their "Metric" system to verify its accuracy. So far, productivity and efficiency have [Data Expunged].

Within their natural habitat their proliferation matches that of our most virulent bacteria under ideal conditions. The -H life expectancy is the only unexceptional aspect of the species though due to the nature of the SCP-16384 the numbers should never be expected to reach more than 5-10 billion -H specimens on their home planet and 50 across their planetary system. Due to the rapid progression of their local sciences it is assumed that any more than 8 -H habitated planets could be the beginning of a possible YK Class End of the Universe Scenario.

The resilience of -H has some of the GO's speaking of old fiction and fantasy, a species that can withstand asteroids without a scratch, this has already happened [Data Expunged] in their existence (See Addendum 1-H). -H now unimpeded for [Data Expunged] has managed to create the one device that we as an organization have attempted to prevent from coming to fruition, The "Nuclear Warhead." 

Exerpt from Dr.■■■ Speaking with GO.■■■■■ & GO.■■■■ 

■■■: -H is expected to be spacefaring within any Overseer's time on the council. We have not chosen to stay in the dark throughout their history, we have waffled on every decision we've made about these creatures, and now the time has come to face the reality of what has been put in front of us. If we do Nothing, they will continue to exp.."

■■■■■: "what could honestly make you so sure that the humans will be hostile on first contact? Your own colleagues have come forth stating that they've sent precious metals into the void.. eternal rest to the Gluvth'Nervri... in hopes to make contact with someone. Surely they'd bring gifts fo..

■■■: AND HOW WOULD WE MAKE CONTACT WITH THEM? THROUGH THE COMMUNICATIONS WE'VE SILENCED IN THEIR HELIOSPHERE? ROTATING THE SPHERES WE'VE HAD TO MASK? Oh i know, SHOWING UP ANNOUNCED DECLARING HOW PROUD WE ARE OF THEM AND HOW WILLING WE ARE TO ACCEPT THEM INTO THE GALACTIC EMPIRE WE ATTEMPTED TO BAR THEM F"

■■■■: SILENCE, This is a civilized meeting, we're here to discuss the future of, one of... if not, the Most dangerous entitys this universe has ever faced. We have knowingly barred them from the knowledge of the galactic expanse as they only seek knowledge and peace. We also know that their violent tempers allow.. them to..... i... i honestly just can't....... that flash, you Could See IT FROM THE OBS.."

■■■■■: "Look. We've done nothing but half measures up until this point, let us just leave them alone from here on out, allow them to propagate, and if they discover our barring we say it's a natural anomaly."

■■■: "Do you honestly believe that lying to them will work?"

■■■■■: [Data Redacted]

■■■: So be it then. As of today all involvement in SCP-16384 and -H ceases active study and investigation.

Addendum: 
1-H: object Reclassification from Safe to Keter upon first contact around [Data Redacted] immediately judged to be too dangerous for other galactic sentient life.

1-H-A: [Data Lost], Planet thrown into temperatures comparable to the cold vacuum of space. Traces of -H not only found but Thriving.

2-H-A: Asteroid trajectory altered to impact -M. Mass Flooding, global Wild Fires, shaking witnesses through Mantle and Core, Mass Global Extinctions of non-sapient  life in the form of Exceptionally Large Life of all kinds. Humans continue to thrive and seem to hit their stride due to the new atmospheric conditions.


~hey uh.. let me know what you think.. writing has always been a fun pastime for me.. thanks for reading.. hopefully it wasn't too poorly formatted~

Edit: Spelling