"But I don't LOOK like him" I knew that full well. The life of the leader was something everyone learned in school and it was exhaustively covered, from his birth a century ago to the present.

And included in that history was a picture of him at 18 years of age.

"I think you look very similar although there are of course slight differences due to environment, upbringing, nutrition, epigenetics and so forth" said the administrator as he tapped away rapidly at his computer with a fascinated look. "Regardless, you do possess the exact same DNA of our dear leader. This has never happened before and we certainly didn't expect it"

I didn't care about scientific discoveries or administrative red tape.

"That's great but what does this mean for me? This is meant to be stored on my ID. I'm going to need the thing for everything I do in the future from work, travel, a house, EVERYTHING! What do I do now?!"

The administrator paused in his typing and adopted a contemplative look. He then tapped an earpiece and whispered something to whoever was connected to him. It didn't put me at ease.

"Have you heard about the dear leader recently?" asked the administrator as he turned to face me. I nodded, it had been on the news, he was in poor health and it was a miracle of modern medicine he was still functioning at this age considering all he had put his body through during revolutions, wars and disasters.

"While we have been using the best in medical technology to extend his lifespan", continued the administrator as he stood and walked over to the door of the small office, "It has started to become impossible to continuously do this. The underlying structure is rotten and changing the windows and doors will not repair the whole, do you see my point?"

I nodded again, feeling increasingly anxious. Where was he going with this?

"Well, the house does not matter, but the resident within. And if he cannot live in that house, why not put him in an exact, or near exact, duplicate of the same building so that he can have a new lease on life?" 

"In other words, why not give the Dear Leader your body?" At this point, he opened the door revealing a dozen heavily armed security personnel.

Fuck.