Gandalf looked at Saruman. Saruman looked at Gandalf.


The battle for middle-earth would be decided here. The tower seemed to tremble at the mere thought of these two masters colliding.

Gandalf raised his arms up high, his staff in his right, and began to rock his head from side to side.

"Ohh, Ohh,       
Everywhere I go, people want to meet,            
The wizard-who-can-rap to that mystical beat.              
My lyrics and my beard both fallin' with the flow                 
Making ladies scream, 'oh baby let's go!'                   
 
*psh psh ckkkk psh ckkkk wikkey wikkey brrrrat!*               

I be so well respected, got me resurrected                 
Balrog grab my leg, I said 'boy, you been rejected.'                       
See, the Gods they were ready, for mass suicide               
If the chicks ever heard that Gandalf had died.            

*psh psh ckkkk psh ckkkk* Not that I'd take  any of them for my bride. *psh psh ckkkk psh ckkkk* Lone ranger, baby!

Saruman think he be a player            
'Cause his mom gave him powers             
But yo, check this out,            
I just pounded her for hours            

*This staff ain't the longest thing I'm carrying*

I get my smokes prescription      
Cause you got to be sick    
To have the lyrical precision       
That can keep a party lit             

I'm an Uruk-hai in the bedroom     
Heard you're a hobbit in the sack      
So while I keep on going    
You're already turning back       

I wish that I could stay,             
But I need to take this bling          
Back to mount doom              
Before night sets in               
Wait, how will I get there?          
Dammmn.                    
Looks like you thought of everything.                          
-- Oh, wait  --              
What-if-the-mother-flipping-eagles took-the-mother-flipping-ring?          

*psh psh ckkkk psh ckkkk wikkey wikkey brrrrat!* "            

Gandalf danced the robot in reverse towards the tower's window, and fell straight out of it onto the back of a great eagle.

"See you, sucker!" yelled Gandalf as he soared past the tower. "Ha ha!"

Saruman didn't move for some time. Finally, he took a deep breath.

"What the fuck?"


