While organizing the books and dusting the pictures on his desk, Death feels something deep under his desk with his foot. A large, goofy question mark appeared above the head of Death and rocked back and forth, signaling confusion.

Death hoped off of his large wooden stool and got on his hands and knees to inspect the object under the desk. He reached under his desk, trying to reach back the furthest crevice.

The question mark becomes an exclamation point!

Death rolled the hourglass out from under the desk. Death paused a moment. He hadn’t thought about potential consequences of a person’s time sand becoming stagnant and on its side for any amount of time. Death could quickly feel the sweat between his palms and the hourglass as he turned it over to see the name on the bottom.

St. Nicholas, Santa Claus.

“Fuck.”

Death quickly flashed back to the night he had dropped the hourglass. December 24, 1820. Death had a tower of hourglasses reaching the high ceilings in Death’s office. Death likes to enjoy a bottle of red wine when he is handling the final moments of people’s time sands. Death remembered that about half way through the tower, an hourglass had rolled off and under the desk. Death investigated to see which hourglass rolled away, without getting up. He had realized it was St. Nicholas, but since St. Nicholas was such a good person, Death figured he would get his hourglass at the end of the night.

“What a mistake I made, but it’s my mistake to fix” huffed Death.

Death suddenly appeared at the North Pole, materializing himself 20 feet from Santa, with a squad of weaponized elves standing between them.

“It’s time, Claus. You know it can’t be stopped.”

Death slowly began to close the gap between himself and Santa. The elves acted quickly in an attempt to stop Death, taking off in a sprint to flank Death from the sides while more elves filled the room for an ambush. The first elf launched himself off the wall in a direct attack against Death, but dropped to the floor the moment he made contact with Death.

Death’s stride was not being slowed. Santa’s heartrate was rising quickly and he commanded all the elves to directly attack Death in an effort to slow him. Elf after elf, each impact only caused one thing – death. Santa shuffled away and escaped through the back door only to find Death on the other side of the door.

“It didn’t have to be like this” said Death.

“It was never supposed to end. It should’ve been forever!” shouted Santa as he panicked in the face of death.

In a last ditch effort, Santa lunged at Death with a sharpened candy cane, aiming directly for Death’s heart.
Santa hit the floor and Death chuckled as he dematerialized.

Death reappeared in his office, climbed onto his stool at his desk, and poured himself a glass of wine in his 26 ounce glass chalice. He stopped mid-pour as he realized what he had ultimately forgotten. 

“Where is Mrs. Claus’s hourglass?”


