I heard a lady in my dreams. I couldn’t tell what she was saying, but her voice was nice and she was talking to Daddy. Daddy seemed worried and then sad. I couldn’t tell what they were saying. I wanted to tell them I was cold, but I was too far away. 
It’s my birthday and I’m seven now. The cake looks stupid, but Mom is so happy I don’t wanna make her feel bad. So, I smile and eat Superman’s head. I like Spider-Man more, but they don’t even the difference— even though it’s super obvious. 
I’m walking home after school. It’s rainy and I sat down on a wet bench. It’s looks like I peed. I didn’t want the other kids to see. So, I waited until the bus was gone and walked home. When I get home Mom is crying and everything is wet. I cry too. Mom and Daddy fight afterward. They think I’m asleep. 
I’m too hot. It’s recess and even though everything is covered in snow, I’m too hot. The snow is too bright. A snowball hits me in my face and I cry, but secretly I’m glad I’m out. I want to go inside and take off my coat. It’s so hot. 
Mommy looks worried, but Daddy has to go to work. I’m staying home today. I like staying home sick. I can watch TV all day and Mom doesn’t get mad. I watch Spider-Man. It’s funny. He beats the bad guys and the police come and help everyone. I fall asleep in front of the TV. I’m too cold. 
I see a different lady. Not the one with the nice voice. This one has a bad voice and everything is wrong. Mom and Daddy are there, but they’re wrong. I feel like sleeping. I ask Mom for water. I’m too hot. I fall asleep while she holds me. I’m too hot, but it’s okay. I smile. 
The lady with the nice voice is back. I don’t know what she looks like. Sometimes she looks like my teacher. Sometimes she looks like Mom. Sometimes she looks like my old bus driver. She sings to me. Slowly I can hear the words in her songs. I like some of her songs more than others, but I don’t know how to tell her. I haven’t talked in a while. So I don’t know the words. 
I saw her. The nice lady. I couldn’t tell her she was beautiful cause I was too quiet. Maybe tomorrow
I told her she was beautiful. She looked surprised and lots up people came in the see me. I asked her to sing. She didn’t sing as good as when we were alone. She put Spider-Man on the TV. I think maybe I was sick. This is what the pictures of the hospital looked like in my “Jobs” book. She’s dressed up in a nurse outfit. 
Where’s Mommy? I was in her arms. Now I’m in the nice lady’s arms. I fall asleep. I’m not too hot or too cold. 
