"We shouldn't have killed her," a low voice grumbled in the darkness.

"Excuse me?" Thomas hadn't heard the stranger clearly over the festivities. Not that he'd tried very hard. Any man who'd risk being caught in the dawn to travel was a man not worth associating with. But the fire was dying down and the dancing was drawing to a close. Soon they would mark the passing of another year, and Thomas could use the distraction.

"It was wrong. We were supposed to protect her." The stranger's knuckles whitened against the hilt of his sword, a battered old claymore he'd been quietly cleaning for the last hour. Thomas eyed the pommel and saw the engraving of a crescent moon there.

"Ah." Thomas said. "You're one of them. The old Guard."

The stranger spat at the name. "Guard? Traitors, the whole lot of us."

"Yeah, well..." Thomas hesitated, lost for words, and filled the silence by staring out at the horizon. "Dawn soon. Should start heading back in."

"We should embrace it. Stand in the light."

Thomas edged away from the stranger. The old Guard's reputation for madness was well known. They stood too close to their goddess, people said. "Stand in the light? You'd be seen! And everyone knows what comes next."

"Justice! That's what comes next." The stranger growled, standing and facing Thomas. "When the mobs came for her, we turned our backs. Some of us even joined them! We all deserve to burn."

"She'd gone mad!" Thomas spat back, propelled from fear into anger by the stranger's outburst. He stood as well, taking a step back and holding up a hand defensively. "An insane goddess spreading monsters and death. We had to do something."

"I should have done my duty. Instead I turned away." The stranger shoved his sword at the ground, the blade landing flat with a dull thud. "I broke my oath and I deserve what's coming."

"Fine then. Stay out here and greet the dawn. I'm going inside."

Thomas fled the madman at a quick walk. The others had already begun to clear out, and he was near the back of the group as they slipped, one by one, through a dark crack in the earth.

Curiosity overcame him and he paused just inside the entrance. A sturdy frame of oak, devoid of any door that might impede entrance, marked the safe point in the cave's mouth. The furthest you could step out of that safe darkness below before she saw you. From that spot Thomas could see the stranger, who hadn't moved since his outburst.

The sky brightened, light shining from somewhere to the left of the cave mouth. As a child Thomas had thought the sunrise beautiful, but for the last three years it held nothing but terror. No living man had seen the sun since that fateful night.

The stranger turned to face it. Moments later the sun crested the horizon and the full, bright light of the dawn fell on his face. Thomas caught a glimpse of his expression, his features calm and peaceful as he faced his fate. Then the stranger burst into flame. His body burned away so quickly he didn't even have time to scream, the ashes blowing on a harsh breeze.

Thomas shut his eyes and turned away, giving a moment of silence for the old Lunar Guard before scurrying deeper into the cave. Back into the security of his home, the only home he had known since that fateful night. When man had murdered the moon and drawn the wrath of her sister the sun.