Life as a Superhero had it’s perks, that’s undeniable. I mean, you end up being revered, loved, respected and above all, idolized. It made my desire for heroics, and my determination to be a foundation for others to stand on all the more prominent. 

Reinforced, to a degree. It made my life as a hero pretty amazing. But, all good things do come to an end, so I learned. It didn’t take long for my overzealous demeanour and behaviour to leave the city I patrolled complacent. 

They grew needy, and although I loved to a be a hero, I definitely didn’t sign up to be a babysitter. It was only a matter of years before they’ve came to me for answers, for solutions. Results were the expectation, the demanded, not the miracle. My very presence became the very thing that brought my downfall. I went from revered to expected. From loved to expected. From respected and idolized to EXPECTED.

All of my effort, my ethics, my morals and determination were snuffed out by the flames of normalcy. I wasn’t a hero, I was a glorified traffic officer. My deeds and exploits reflected that. From taking on global threats, from destructive means of ending life to finding lost pets and actually REGULATING TRAFFIC. 

I needed a break, I wasn’t being compensated accordingly, I wasn’t even being compensated to begin with! A vacation was in order, I simply couldn’t take it anymore. My talents, my power to manipulate light and shadows was for crime fighting, it wasn’t supposed to be used to entertain children at puppet shows! 

It was with a relatively guilt-free heart that I left Water Way City. Their dependency on me needed to end. The police needed to do their job and I needed to catch up with some cute Californian girls. 

~o~o~o~

My name, or rather, my secret identity is Vincent DeRomes. I like to think myself attractive and athletic, dashingly smart, and with wits unmatched. My hero name, is Eclipse. He's attractive and athletic, really smart, but above all else has mastered the facade of noble duty. 

I’ll be the first to admit that my reasons for heroics are…. selfish, Completely and utterly for self-gain The moment I realized I could manipulate both light and shade, I had only one destined path for me. 

To get chicks, respect and lots of money. 

Granted, that kind of path resembled more of a drug lord’s or some freshman frat boy’s than a hero’s. So why heroics? Well, It was really all a freak accident. 

I just happened to be at the right place at the right time. A mugging in which I was earshot from. I heard the pleas for help, the shrill tone of a young woman’s voice was more than enough to make me spring into action. Granted, by the time I even realized who I was slapping silly, I’ve already been given the label of some hero. 

I suppose I should thank my hoodie for keeping it all a secret. Let me tell you, that I was pretty darn surprised to hear the woman’s interview later on tv. She described me as a knight in armor. 

Or something like ‘frail skinny kid’, the details on that are a bit vague. I did get an urge to hit the gym more often. I’m sure it’s unrelated. 

Anywho, that sums up my origin. My powers were given to me by someone, but those details are kept top secret. I became a hero accidentally, and ultimately did it as a hobby. 

Hence the lack of compensation. Nevertheless, I did think the kindness and gratitude I received at first from the civilians as enough. It was until I wasn’t even receiving that  that I decided it best to call it quits, or take a ‘break’ of sorts.

Let me tell you, the beaches in California are indeed as good as the commercials make them out to be. I didn’t know how to surf, but the board and my shades- not to mention, body sold the idea. 

The ladies…. Well, the details are also  top secret. Let me just say the commercials weren’t wrong about them either and leave it at that. 

After a few months of straight relaxation. I figured it best to go back to Water Way. I mean, in my time patrolling there, I’ve managed to pick up a few nemesis’ who may or may not want to use the whole city and it’s people as leverage over me. 

And despite myself, I still longed for the respect I used to get at first. The idolization that’s nothing more but a faded memory. How much I’ve wanted it to return. I guess, in a way, my origin is also deeply enrooted in that city. 

Too much of me, as Vincent, as well as Eclipse are embedded in that place. So, for better or for worse, It didn’t take me much time to want to return. 

It’s funny, really. Ever went somewhere, haven’t been for a while and return just to think to yourself: “Wow, everything’s different now?’

It’s funny, really, I mean everything, and when I say everything, I don’t actually mean everything, more like the general themes and vibes about the city are different. The once humble city, bustled with night life. 

The police for once seemed competent, if the fourth time I’ve been stopped for ‘suspicious’ actions are anything to go by. And the people seem to have all but forgotten me. That didn’t sit too well with me, but I suppose it’s for the best. 

That way, when I make my return, people won’t feel to jarred or expectant of me again. I mean, in the few months that I’ve been gone, Water Way has never looked so good. That… that also didn't sit too well with me either. 

I mean, was I so easily replaced? Forgotten? I was their guardian, their puppet. I basically served their every whimsical desire like some loyal dog!?  And this was my reward? It felt like a kick to the face. Then someone proceeded to gut me, then run me over with a car, then thrown in the river with cement shoes on. 

It sucked, I promised I didn’t cry… a lot. Eclipse, the hero was no more. With his disappearance, his reputation, and remaining admiration left with him. Not gonna lie, it made my desire to become a hero again waver. 

“Excuse me sir,” I asked, nudging the nearest pedestrian I could find. 

“Hmm, yes boy?” The elderly man responded, folding his newspaper as he looked at me. 

“Yeah, didn’t this place used to have a hero?” I asked, I wanted to feign ignorance, gain knowledge from an objective perspective. 

I failed to notice how the man’s eyes hardened like concrete, his wrinkly jaw clenched shut, “No, he was nothing more than a tyrannical idiot,” 

I did a spit take, which without anything to spit out made me look more like a normal idiot than tyrannical one. 

‘W-what do you mean?” 

“See for yourself,” The man said, handing me the newspaper. 

My knuckles went white, and the sheets ripped before me, The main headline, the only headline I noticed, the only one that mattered, said: Eclipse, The Villain, Bounty $1,000,000 Dead or Alive. 

“T-thanks,” I choked out, tossing the paper towards the man, he fumbled with the wrinkled form.

I marched away, I didn’t have a destination, I just wanted to leave, clear my head. The chilled air from an autumn night helped in that regard, at the very least it cooled me down. Slightly. 

A villain? A  villain? VILLAIN? Oh, how far have I fallen? I looked up to the sky. The shining stars looked so condescending from down here. I smirked, figured. 

Give them an inch, they demand a mile. I saw it as pathetic, and unjust. But society needed a scapegoat, I supposed that meant me. 

Sure, I could have rationalized it, I mean, for me to be labelled as a villain after doing nothing of villainous merit only could imply a set-up. It was the perfect foundation for a redemption story. 

I hated those kind of stories. If they wanted me as a villain. Then.

Who.

Am.

I.

To.

Argue?
