"Could you repeat that again" I ask. Slightly trembling.

"You were in a coma for the past three year mr adam. ..."

I couldn't here anymore after that. Everything is a blur. There's no way any of this is real. The nurse continue to mumbles. What the fuck was she on about. I just lost 20 million.

She leaves rather quickly. Couple of doctors walk in. They were in a hurry. I was in auto mode. Anything they were asking did not even registered. Why do they look so happy. I just lost a fortune.

Couple hours passed. Days fly by. Yet nothing make sense. Apparently my wife never failed to be absent from my bedside for even a single day for the past three years. Yeah I start to remember everything little by little. Yet that feeling is fresh in my head. I can still remember those number. Whose to say those feelings aren't real. Maybe I am in a coma right now. I actually won the ticket.

I went home with my wife. I had to depend on her for everything even shitting. Apparently my arms and legs had attrophied. I couldn't sleep and sometimes I saw her looking through the bills. She tries to hide it. Just not good enough. Yeah well felicia if you want to hide it from me maybe you shouldn't put the bills where I can see them.

How bleak and disgusting my life is. Fuck.

To top it all off. Everynight she retelling stories about how I called out her name before going full coma. Yeah I get it. The great love of two highschool sweetheart. Everlasting. Just leave me alone. Go run off with someone else. I am limp right now, what more do you want. 

I think the final straw when my parent came. They are full of of joy. How thankful to the God they are. For waking me up. Fuck him. He stole my money. Right then and there, with my parents, my friend and my felicia recounting stories, sitting around me. I blurt out the words "leave me alone" half screaming. They faded away.

Finally some peace. They never bothered me anymore. Except of course you felicia. Just when I spend some of my money buying nice cars and poolhouses, you barged in with your "hi honey I have made some breakfast", "here some medicine".

Well at least now I know how to shut you up. I want to buy a house on mountainside far away from you and your tears.

The dreaded day finally came. I know this would happen one day. She finally blurted out. I could see her eyes red with tears. Her unkempt hair and the general lack of awareness of her appearance. 

"You have changed"

I just look at her. Pure hatred fill my heart. I despise her to my core. Yeah that's what people always says. Here's the thing felicia. When fortune lands on your lap you would have changed too.

She walks out. With a bag in her hand. Well I dont need you. I have my money.