I never really expect anyone to understand me. I certainly never expected Brenda to. I don't know how she "gets" me, but she does. As our friendship was progressing, she once called me "an old soul." I said, "You have no idea."

A chance meeting at a dusty bookstore in a distant corner of the city started me down this road. There aren't many people who are fascinated by Middle English poetry, much less many shops that carry any books with those poems.

I guess I had wanted someone to talk to. I had cut myself off these past few decades, barely leaving my building except to buy food. Not that I need it, but starvation is still painful, even though it won't kill me. Trust me. I've been there.

Brenda was impressed with my knowledge. She once said, "It's like you know exactly what the poet was thinking." Well, yeah. I knew the guy. But her appreciation--her insights--of these works was unexpected. I'd never before seen anything like that in someone so young. I mean, she's barely in her thirties.

She dragged me out to see the world. We went to dinner. It had been so long since I'd seen food as anything other than fuel. Fuel and a way to avoid the pain of starvation. Besides, some of these young chefs are quite creative. Every generation comes up with something new. They say there are no new ideas, but they're wrong. There's always a new twist on an old idea. A new combination no one has made work before.

I had never met anyone like her. I mean there have certainly been women. And men, for that matter. Thousands of them. But that was pleasure, lust, infatuation, sometimes obsession. Never love. I thought I knew what that was when I was still in my 200s. Then I stopped believing in it. I though that those poor mortal slobs were just indulging in the illusion that their feelings could last forever. You can convince yourself of that when your time is so short. Or so I thought.

Last night we made love. I'd never done that before. I hadn't had sex recently, but I'm pretty sure it was never like that. So... intimate. A deep connection with someone you care for so deeply.

I woke up this morning, with the sound of Brenda's soft breathing next to me. I went into the bathroom. I don't even know why. Maybe on some level, I knew what had happened. There it was in the mirror before me, growing from my temple. My first white hair.

"Totally worth it," I said. Then I went back to bed, to lie down next to the love of my very long life.