Dying wasn’t fun. All that “light at the end of the tunnel” bullshit was a total lie too. And, of course, I had to go out in the dumbest way possible. Tripping over a traffic cone and falling into a manhole that just so happened to have an alligator camping in it? Who would’ve thought. 

Heaven isn’t what I thought it’d be. Sure, it has the shiny bright lights and the floating overly joyful angels, but it’s also a complete megalopolis. The sun never freaking sets over this city and this entire place just screams happy-go-lucky. I mean you can’t die again if you’re already in heaven, right?

Wrong.

Here’s the thing I found out about heaven -- they’re trying out this system called “New Life+” and I just so happened to be chosen for it. I have literally been born again. Apparently my first time as a baby on Earth wasn’t enough, so here I am. All 7 pounds and 19 inches of me, again. The only plus side is that they kept my brain the way it was when I died for “communication reasons.” At least I’ll be able to tell people I don’t like when they spoon feed me mushy peas. 

Since I have the mental age of my 21-year-old pre-dead self, heaven decided that they’d test my abilities by assigning me some jobs. Pizza delivery driver was the first. Do you know how hard it is to drive when I have pudgy baby legs? Found out the hard way when I crashed the car into a fire hydrant. After I was reborn again (again?), heaven had me deep sea fishing. This lasted one hour until I fell overboard trying to reach something and became bait to some giant salmon. 

After the 8th time I was reborn, heaven decided to just stick me into a daycare to take care of babies. I was their size, so they figured babies wouldn’t be afraid of me. I changed diapers (plus my own), bottle fed them, and burped them until they puked on me. It took some time adjusting, but I’m not gonna lie -- I kicked ass at daycare. I even managed to beat my high score and go a whooping 365 days without dying again.

This is my life now. And I’m cool with it. 