 The first thing they asked me was my name. I told the human to fade, and he Damm near wrote it on his note... thing. 

"fade" I whispered again. Breathing was weird and I had already decided I didn't like it. It wasn't as easy as I remembered remembering it being, the sensation itself long gone. Standing wasn't either, and the reaction time- what's the word?- Reflex! The reflexes had gone to shit. I remembered thinking as I flopped like a book face first onto the floor, unaware it was happening, that it was kind of funny that of all the words I had known and spoken beforehand the only ones left we're swear words and 'thing'. 

He looked at me, with a face. A very thing of a face. The kind of face thing one would do if they were trying to run away. Mortal Terror was too much of a word. This was a smaller word than that. Not so suddenly, I discovered it was dark again, and then it wasn't. Stiff. Yes, this is the word I am looking for. Stiff enough to to have become rigid. I always liked that word. Rigid. I kind of wanted to say it out loud, because I can now, but I then I remembered that I was still learning how to breathe.  

Surprised, I remembered was the word that I needed to describe the human, as another two humans picked me up and set me on a bed. I would never forget that word. Five hundred years of up, and I had forgotten what it meant to lie down. I didn't like it either.

"What?" The doctor type human asked.

Ew, human voices. I thought, before becoming distracted by eyes. Seeing stuff that wasn't the abyss a blind mind sees when alone. Stuff that had only three dimensions. Good old stuff. 

"Go away." I said to the doctor, finding him with my eyes. "Go away human."

He did.

The door opened again. It was the same Doctor. if time had passed at all, I didn't know it. I had figured out this standing thing, and was doing that, inside my ice box home, looking around. I was saying "hello hell" to it, over and over, hoping if I said the words enough they would sound like they were supposed to. They hadn't yet, but I wondered if they might eventually, so I kept saying them.

"Hi" The human said, looking at me with his eyes. "How are you feeling?"

"Feel" I caught the word as one I knew. "I don't feel. Why don't I feel?" 

"What?"

"500 years. The soulless depth of mere existence. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Dear God, why can't I be afraid? Where is time? Slave to some foreign existence, for I am here, and I am nothing. What ever happened to being afraid." I recited, my eyes dying and leaving me with the sweet dark. So much sweeter than this world. Why did I ever want to leave. Something came over me, and suddenly there was the world again, and I fell down. I sat on the floor, and my eyes began to melt. Melt like the ice. The ice was gone. "Ice. Ice. Ice. Ice. Ice. Ise. Iyes. Eyes. Eyes!"

Eyes. They needed to die. They needed to go back. I needed to go back. The ice is death. Death is good. Not this. I was wrong. I was wrong! I pounded on the open doors of hell, screaming for them to close again. Take me! Take me! "Ice! Ice! Ice!"
