Ms Addy Hunter could not help but fret. She checked her attire for the tenth time that morning, and reviewed the syllabus outline again even though she had already memorised it front to back. She even put off leaving for school till the very last minute, the butterflies swarming in her belly. 

When she got to class, seconds before the bell rang, Mrs Lee was already sitting at the back of the class, smiling beningnly, clipboard at the ready. 

Addy stuttered occasionally during the first five minutes of class, and hated herself throughout for it. She was making rookie mistakes, something she thought she has left behind in the five years since she taught at Crescent High. 

"Jon Summers! Can you tell me what the answer is for - " The class started laughing, then Addy realised her mistake, one she had not made since the start of the year, when she had first mixed up the twins. "I mean Ben, yes you, you answer this..." she said, cheeks burning, as stoically as she could. 

*I wonder if the other teachers messed up this badly during their assessments too*, she thought, scrawling furiously on the whiteboard. 

It wasn't the first time Addy had been assessed, but it certainly had not been by the legendary Mrs Heather Lee before. She was a giant in the education circles, having risen from the ranks as a nursery teacher, to the very top of the Department of Education, and then, curiously, inexplicably, choosing to head back into the fray as a teacher-counselor. 

Addy had heard the rumors too, that every teacher assessed by Mrs Lee had their lives changed afterwards. Many found renewed drive and passion, but some, some left education entirely, never to return. Some said it lay in the incisiveness of Mrs Lee's appraisal, delivered on the same day, always marked "Private". Others claimed that Mrs Lee pulled strings from high on top, like an ancient spider. 

All agreed though, that the teacher being assessed would know by 830 pm, the very same day of assessment, what their future held. 

The bell rang, and as Addy moved to the next class, Mrs Lee followed behind, still scribbling away at her clipboard, inscrutable. 

By the time school ended, Mrs Lee had shadowed Addy for a full 8 hours, through 12 lessons and over 120 students. Her parting farewell only consisted of a "You did well today, please wait for my email at 8:18pm today."

Addy was so exhausted she didn't even think twice about the absurd precision in that request. She just dragged herself home, collapsed on her sofa, and fell asleep. 

---

Her phone beeped that evening, and Addy stirred. The hunger gnawed at her, but she wasn't fully aware. Her attention was focused fully on the new email from Mrs Lee, sitting at the top of her inbox. 

She clicked it, expecting to find a single paragraph, packed with template statements, with perhaps a personalised sentence or two specific to her. What more did she expect from Mrs Lee, who assessed a teacher a day, for every school day of the year? 

Instead, Addy found a three page email, neatly ordered with headings reflecting every possible aspect of her work. Attached too was a further twenty pages of elaboration on the points made in the email. 

And every word, carefully considered, meticulously applied, gave Addy insight into her own strengths, weaknesses, gave her tips to improve, highlighted qualities she should hone further. 

*Oh my god*, Addy thought, *no one's ever taken so much time and effort on me before...*

Addy didn't know it then, but that single appraisal would go on to fuel her for another forty years. It was a beacon, a torch in the weary moments which reminded her that at one time, the great Mrs Lee had believed in her.

A few years later, she would attend Mrs Lee's funeral, alongside the other thousands who received the benefit of her counsel. Her tears, copious for a single day of interaction for what would otherwise be a stranger, seemed fitting, somehow. 

Little would have changed had she known her entire appraisal was written in a single minute, the result of hard work, dedication, drive, and perhaps, just a little sprinkling of magic. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
