I sat behind the curtain. The guy on the other side was clearly keeping the crowd entertained. Every joke he dolled out landed with perfect timing. Could I really do any better?

Then again, was it really a question of whether *I* could do better?

It felt like I'd tried everything at this point. Various board games? Nope. A sport, perhaps? The local college's intramural teams taught me the hard way that that wasn't the case. And I'd exhausted pretty much every option that I could test on my own.

I ran out of ideas a week ago, yet somehow there were always new things to try. And in a minute I was going to try one more thing that hadn't occurred to me before.

"Thank you, have a great night, L.A.!" I heard from the other side. The crowd erupted, and I heard him walk off-stage. Okay, my turn now.

I ran my fingers through my hair and walked around the far side of the curtain. The host asked the crowd to please give me a warm welcome, and they did. Then I was in front of the microphone, and all eyes in the comedy club were on me.

I gave the standard comedian introduction. "Hey, L.A., how we doing tonight?" They replied with the standard audience response: a mix of "woo" and clapping. I never really understood what that meant.

"Listen, I don't expect you guys to shower me with any praise tonight. I mean, this is Southern California—I think the last time you guys had a shower was during the Bush administration."

Nothing. No one laughed.

"Bush *Senior*" I clarified.

Silence. OH NO. They thought I meant *taking* a shower. I had meant rain. Shoot. *Shoot.* Okay, I could pretty safely assume this person isn't the best comedian at this point. Although... what if this was just the setup? Couldn't the best comedian actually come *back* from such a terrible start? Worth a shot.

"I see the new Mac OS has come out, and they're continuing the convention of naming things after California landmarks. Sierra, Yosemite, etc., right?"

I brought out a note card. "Well, in case anyone here is from Apple, I brought a list of suggestions for the name of the next Mac OS based on other well-known California landmarks."

I cleared my throat. "Mac OS tar pits." Silence. "Mac OS depleted aquifer." Nothing. "Mac OS Zodiac killer." Maybe a chuckle in the back, but it also might have been someone coughing.

Then I saw a shadow—couldn't see more because of the lights. But I heard a thud beside me. I looked over to see half of a hamburger.

Someone threw a hamburger at me.

I continued reading. "Mac OS dusty field where a reservoir used to be."

Audible booing now. "Get off the stage!" Someone down front yelled.

"Mac OS overpriced San Francisco apartment."

Then it happened. Something I only saw the shadow of caught my eye. Before I knew what was happening, my hand reached up and snatched something right out of the air.

I turned it over and looked at it. A bag of Sun Chips.

Another shadow—I dropped that bag and immediately caught another bag. This one was open, but I spilled nary a chip.

I heard a few impressed sounds from the audience, but more stuff was incoming. Most of it hit me—celery, fries, pickles, more hamburgers—but every time a bag of chips was thrown, it was soundly in my grasp before I even thought to respond.

"What the..." I said to myself. "Is my skill to be able to catch bags of chips better than anyone in the w—"

WOOSH.

I was laying in my bed, staring at the ceiling. My hand was stretched out in the same position, but now nothing was there. I sighed.

I sat up and looked to my left. On my dresser was a clock, and next to it was something that looked like a clock. I grabbed it and held it up. On its face read, "364:23:59:32."

I set it back down. *I made it.*