*Captain Jeppesen’s Log. Date October 20th, Year 2054.
 
It’s been approximately eighteen years since our departure from Earth aboard the Phaeton on our journey to investigate the phenomena identified as ER-1. Research on Earth was enough to give us a hint at what we were hoping to see… a wormhole. ER-1 was spotted near the aphelion of Eris, and for the sake of our mission we’ve made no adjustments to our velocity. Research on other planets has already been transmitted, and a beacon deployed in our wake.

As we drew closer, our research became more concrete. ER-1 aligned with research back home. It was, indeed, a wormhole. My crew and I are prepared to enter ER-1 in hopes of further study, and perhaps pave a new way for humanity. While we are all diligently working around the clock… I can already feel morale dropping slowly. This was always a one-way trip… it just seems not everyone really said goodbye.

Nevertheless, we are proceeding as planned. 
 
End log.*
 
Captain Noah Jeppesen stepped onto the bridge of the Phaeton wearing his formal slick blue uniform, adorned with all its laurels. Every crew member was at their station focused on their task at hand. This was a momentous occasion after all. The crew had already gone farther than any human had before, and now they were going to venture into what was surely a suicide mission. With all the data they had, no one knew would happen once they passed through the wormhole. They had already deployed a small drone ahead of them, and thankfully it just disappeared instead of tearing apart. Any signal from the drone simply vanished. At least it would be a quick death, if anything.

“Lieutenant.” Jeppesen said, standing behind the helmsman, Yuna Matsuyama.

Yuna acknowledged the captain but never took her eyes off the display. “Yes, sir.”

“How are we doing?” The captain asked.

“Holding steady at 51,889.64km/h, Captain. On course for direct approach.” Yuna stated. For a moment the captain could see a brief wave of disbelief on the helmsman’s face as she stared at her console. The screen indicated the Phaeton moving on a dotted line straight to a circle marked ER-1.

“You all right, Lieutenant?” The captain said, placing a hand on her shoulder, shaking her from her daze.

Yuna returned to her stern professional demeanor, “Yes, sir.” The captain patted her on the shoulder again and turned to leave. “I just…” Yuna hesitated. The captain looked back to her. “What if… what if this doesn’t work? I mean, what if I fail?”

The captain only smiled. “Failure assumes there’s a known correct way to do it. And we don’t know anything.” Jeppesen turned to face her. “We’re at the end of our journey, Lieutenant. You’ve got us this far, and we’re all grateful for it. Yuna only smiled and nodded, her tension relieved for the time being.  “Captain to Engineering.”

A voice came over the bridge-intercom system. “Enzo here.”

“We’re approached ER-1. You keep me posted on what’s going on. You even see a screw loose, you let me know.” The captain said, staring out of the view window.

“You got it, sir. All systems green. We’re good to go. Enzo out.” As Enzo finished, the captain took a heavy sigh. ER-1 was just up ahead.

Captain Jeppesen gently waved his hand toward the ceiling. “Kill the lights…” Shortly after, someone turned off the lights to the bridge. All but the panels were on, giving a greater view of outside. While it may have always been in view, not many people actually took the time to look at ER-1. Everyone on the bridge stood up from their seats. It was unlike anything anyone had seen.

“It doesn’t look real… does it?” said one of the crew.

“Surreal, I think is the word you’re looking for.” The captain added. There they stared at what looked to be a floating sphere of galaxies… like a giant glass marble filled with stars and nebulas. It was so out of place among all of the things they had seen.

“Fascinating…” said another woman. “I think I can die now.”

“There’ll be no dying on my watch, Doctor Kane.” The captain added. “Not til we make it through anyway.” Jeppesen sighed again and stood with his hands behind his back, staring sternly toward what may have very well be his death. “On speaker, full broadcast.” He said. A computer chimed shortly followed. “This is Captain Jeppesen.  We’re approaching ER-1. I know this has been a hell of a journey… but we made it, and we can rightly say we’re the first to ever get this far. That being said… we have no idea what lies ahead on the other side… if there is another side. We don’t know if the Phaeton will make it through in one piece.  So I would like to say that it has been my greatest honor serving with you all. You’ve made me proud, and I’m sure your families are too. Buckle up, everyone. Jeppesen out.” The captain took his seat on the bridge, and buckled himself in. He heard the clicks of everyone else as they fastened themselves in.  “Doctor Kane, keep an eye on that data. Lieutenant Matsuyama will need every bit of data to pilot this ship if we’re going to make it through this.”

“Yes, captain.” The doctor acknowledged.

“Lieutenant.” Jeppesen turned to Yuna. “Let’s go.”

With minor adjustments, the Phaeton turned and headed nose-first toward ER-1. The crew was silent as they approached the bizarre sight outside. The closer they drew to it, the more unreal it became. It was truly a sphere of a universe, as if gazing into the beyond itself. The wormhole was surely the size of a small moon, which still dwarfed the size of the Phaeton greatly. It was daunting enough to see the edges of space in the background of this sphere, but soon enough the wormhole encapsulated their entire view. All systems were fine before they entered the wormhole, and perhaps it was the anticipation, but there was an eerie silence that preceded the entry.

And just like that, they were in.
(continued)