It’s a bit like picking a string on a harp, you make it vibrate, amplify it, make the resonance affect the world around it. Now anyone can jam on a harp and make an awful lot of noise but I like to think I’m better than that. I can take any old emotion that you happen to be feeling at that moment and make it vibrate, amplify it and allow it to make you change the world around you.

In the beginning I used it to bully people, a quick scare, turn it up to eleven and they just collapsed into a ball and whimpered, turn it up to twelve and they won’t sleep for a week, turn it up much more.... well, let’s say it’s not pretty and leave it at that. It did the trick but the things I did to those people wasn’t sitting well. So I started on a new method, I took the money I had made, lost the scary costume and put on a three piece suit.
I set up great charities that would help the needy and the poor, organize great charity balls and invited high society.
Of course only a few of them were actually charitable, I could feel what motivated them and more than half did not deserve even a tenth of their wealth. Luckily there was one emotion I could always exploit, pride. So once one of them put down a hundred dollar donation and made himself look better than the other, I kicked the envy of his peers up a notch, and then I kept upping the stakes until all their ill-gotten gains were now given to the charity. I skimmed of the top of course, a man needs to eat after all.

But then I messed up, I pushed one of them to far, investment banker, he had been one upping his peers since preschool and I pushed him too far, he grabbed a steak knife of the buffet and donated his organs right then and there. Of course this sort of bullshit gets the league of heroes interested. They were hesitant at first, after all I had donated most of my loot to charity, and they could scarcely prove I had forced anyone to donate that money. 
But they deemed me too dangerous to be out and decided I should be locked away for the safety of all mankind.

This would not stand.


After a few days of sitting in a cell in their little base i decided it was time to leave, i took a breath  and began screaming. You have to understand this about heroes, they’re compassionate. Dr. Laserface came around the corner and tried to give me a sedative I siezed the opportunity and stopped screaming, deadpanned him and spoke the sentence I spent months crafting; ‘My hovercraft is full of eels.’ His Face screwed up in confusion, I turned it all the way up, twisted it so far the metaphorical knob came of, and all that was left of the great Dr. laserface was a babbling idiot, who would fail to comprehend anything more complicated than breathing.

I never took more than I needed, I repented for my sins earlier in life, but the arrogant bastards who thought themselves gods, had not even given me the courtesy of a trial. 

Now the heroes of this world will pay of their arrogance.

EDIT: someone gave gold, so now i feel obligated to make a second part