    Living forever, I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemies. Here I am 247 years old and alone. You see, I am the product of a genetic experimentation held on pluto. Contrary to popular belief pluto is far from uninhabitable. In fact it is home to an incredibly advanced race known as the Herblutonians. The Herblutonian culture revolves around scientific achievement, they don’t have religions, fashion, pop culture, music, television, social encounters, or really any forms of entertainment other than finding out new discoveries. They are also the only species on pluto because nothing else can survive. Due to this fact everything on pluto is created by the Herblutonians, even the food. All they eat are synthetic plants that they developed to be self sustaining meaning they can grow anywhere without any maintenance.
    Everything was great until the super-trials. This was when someone decided to synthetically create a subspecies substantial abilities to fight intergalactical crime. Unfortunately these trials did not yield good results. They did manage to artificially create a super-species (the Supherbs), but ironically the very thing that the Herblutonians thought was the Supherbs best feature. The Supherbs were made to be fueled off of adrenalyn, so that they wouldn’t need to stop fighting intergalactic crime to eat and sleep, but instead they live off of the rush they get from the actual crime fighting. In addition, all the Supherbs were given numbers instead of names with the hopes of limiting the chances of developing a personality. The reality turned out to be that they couldn't be contained and they would instead run rampant to fuel their adrenalyn needs. What ended up happening was that the Herblutonians were forced to send the Supherbs to other planets and shut down the program.
    I was sent to earth. Now here I am with the so called gift of everlasting life. To my knowledge im the only Supherb sent to to earth and I have to keep it a secret to avoid an eternity of more experimentation. So here I am living life after life with no end. This curse haunts me every day, like a nightmare that I can’t wake up from.
    In my years I’ve managed to live all sorts of different lives all over the world. You see, my best chances to not raise suspicion of who I really am is to follow the five rules that I was given before being sent to this planet. Rule number one is never form meaningful and lasting relationships with anyone. That way nobody would notice that I don’t age. Rule number two is stay away from routine, stay unexpected. This is an aid for rule number one and also help if I am ever getting sloppy. Rule number three is never stay in the same place. I move where I live periodically and judge when it’s time to move depending on how much attention I am attracting. The plus side to this one is that I am forced to explore every place and everything the world has to offer. Rule number four is to stay educated in all aspects of the the term. It is very important that I stay up to date on what’s going on in the world to be able to strategically place myself in the proper situations. And finally rule number five is to never fall in love. You could say that this qualifies to be under rule number one but in reality it is so much more than that. Love has a tendency to take over your life and make you go against all logic. I have successfully followed these rules for the past 227 years since I was sent here when I was only 20 years old. You could say I’ve become quite the professional, at least so I’ve thought.
    My whole life has been spent meticulously planning and calculating everything in my life. I have mastered what i had once told Bruce Lee before he made it public, to be water. I told him the the key to his fighting (and my life) was to expect the unexpected, while also being invisible and unpredictable, like water. He didn’t really get it until I explained it in terms more relative to him. I told him, “Water is shapeless, if you pour it in a cup it becomes the cup, if you pour it into a teapot it becomes the teapot. Water can flow, or it can crash.” Then I looked Bruce in the eye and said, “Be water my friend.” That was the last time I saw him before he was all over the big screen and I noticed in a clip that he took what I told him and made it his own.
    Now in the year 2018 I live in Los Angeles, California. I work at an antique shop, buying and selling goods. I mainly sell my own possessions that I’ve collected over my lifetime. These hipsters in LA really like anything you label as retro. Nothing extravagant ever really happens, but every now and again I have to reevaluate what I’m doing. Then I heard the sound of something breaking, so I checked it out.
    “Flow,” said the young girl pouring water out of a teapot into a cup in the showroom, “and crash!” as she threw the cup and smashed it on the ground.
    I yelled, “What are you doing?” As she reached to pick up another cup.
    “Looking for you.” She said as she continued. “Flow, and crash!”
    I stood confused for a moment until I snapped, “Out, get out!”
    She calmly looked over and said, “that’s fine, I’ll be back tomorrow.” Just before she walked out the door she turned to me and said, “Be water my friend.”
    That night I couldn’t seem to fall asleep. I just couldn’t get her voice out of my head, “Be water my friend.” I had so many questions. Why would she come in to my store and start destroying things? Why did it seem like she didn’t care? Why would she say that of all things? Is she sending me a message? Is she just crazy? Why was she looking for me? Should I be worried? After lying in bed, thinking, for quite some time I decided that I need to be cautious. I went on to pack up all my things, and tried to get some sleep.
    The next day I went to my shop anxiously watching the door to see if the girl from yesterday would return. After several hours I started to calm down. I should have known that she was just another psycho walking the streets of LA. The day progressed normally and before I knew it, the day was over and it was time to lock up. As I locked up the back door with a sense of relief, there she was. She was waiting in the alley behind my store with a brand new Porsche 911.
    “Need a ride home?” She asked with an inviting smirk on her face.
    “No, thank you but I’ll walk.”
    “Come on, don’t make me beg.” She continued.
    “Really I’m fine, as a matter of fact i would appreciate it if you would come around here anymore.” I replied as I began to walk away.
    “Get in the car number 18,” she said assertively, “we need to talk.”
    I quickly turned around, stunned and slowly walked towards the car with my tail between my legs. I got in and she began to drive. I had no idea where she was taking me but I was too petrified to speak. She kept driving, down Cresent Hights, left on 3rd street, then another left to go up Fairfax. She finally looked over at me like she had something to say.
    “Let’s fuel up,” she said excitedly, “there’s a bank over here with minimal security.”
    “No thank you.” I replied cautiously.
    “What do you mean?” She asked, “aren’t you drained? You were in that store all day, your adrenalyn level must be low.”
    “I don’t need adrenalyn.”
    “Well then keep watch,” she said pulling the car over, “this will only take a second.”
    Just like that she went right into the unsuspecting mom-and-pop style bank. It was spectacular to watch. She waltzed right in like she owned the place, walked right up to the counter and commenced robbing the bank. It was an odd combination of what seemed to be carefully planned and practiced moves supported by, with lack of a better word, luck. As I sat in the car, I couldn’t look away. It seemed like no time had passed and the next thing i know she is running out with bags of money, gets in the car and takes off.
    “That’s better,” she said nonchalantly as she weaves through the LA traffic, “just let me know when you need to fuel up too.”
    “I don’t need to fuel up with adrenalyn.” I replied.
    “What do you mean 18? All Supherbs need to fuel up with adrenalyn to fuel up.”
    “Not me.”
    “And how is that exactly?”
    “I can’t die.” I said while unknowingly feeling more comfortable.
    “Really? I thought you were a time-hopper too.” She replied confounded
    “Why would you think that? Who are you? How did you find me?”
    “You don’t remember?” she asked sadly.
    “Remember what?”
    She began to explain, “I was friends with Bruce Lee back when you told us the whole be water metaphor that he was famous for. I just assumed you were a time-hopper too because you look like you haven’t aged. You didn’t know I was a Supherb too?”
    “I had no idea but how did you find me here, now?” I asked
    “Well shortly after that enguagement I had a hop that took me to this present. You see, I don’t have control over my hops.”
    “I understand but how did you find me?”
    “Fate!” She replied all giddy with excitement.
    “Fate?” I questioned with disbelief.
    “Yeah! After I hopped, I was walking around looking how to fuel up and I saw you in your store.”
    “Is that so?”
    “It is so! After I made certain it was you, I walked in and dropped that little hint with the water.”
    “So how long you plan on staying for?” I asked hoping she would stick around.
    “Hopefully for a while, like I said I don’t have control over my hops.”
    I then replied with great excitement, “Well then maybe we should--” and just like that, she was gone.
