I'm combining [my OC, Thieves Can't,](http://www.reddit.com/r/thievescant) with this writing prompt. So this is basically me making fan-fiction of my own comic strip's characters. Which might make it canon? I'm not sure how that works. Anyway, here's my stab at the prompt.

/#/#/#

The four adventurers had turned their backs from the shore for a split-second. There'd been a check to not turn around, which they'd all four found strange, because the temple on the mountain had rumbled. They were too late, and the dark god Chthon was bursting free. It seemed natural that they would be looking away from the ocean and toward the temple. Perhaps that's why the DM, Sera, had set the DC so high. No one passed, in any case, and Keelie, the half-orc barbarian, had rolled an eighteen.

"Aw, piss," Reynauldo said when he turned his head back and saw the ocean. It was at a rolling boil and steam was billowing up.

"Is that because everyone looked away at once?" Candor asked, looking upward. Then she buried her dark-red face in her hand. "I mean, you're setting us up against a CR, what, 18 creature? And you had to activate the world's worst pun in the form of a trap to make sure we don't walk all over it?"

"Dude, 5e characters are insane," the heavens boomed. That was Sera. The God. The adventurers called her "DM," but God was more or less accurate. "And yes. It's a pun. The whole campaign has been a pun."

"It has?" Ormond asked. He was a halfling rogue who had survived, despite making himself into a fairly squishy non-combat, high-utility character.

"Duh?" Reynauldo said, looking at the halfling and giving him a gesture like a parent walking into a room to find their child confused about why the coin they stuck in the electrical socket hurt to touch. "How have you missed this?"

"But--" and Ormond clicked his mouth shut. His eyes got big as dinner plates. The shipment of experimental crossbows they'd delivered, five levels ago, were called "Badgers." The bandit-lord had declined them and threatened the party with death for bringing the wrong goods. And he'd exclaimed, *Badgers!? We don't need no steenking badgers!*

Sera had grown powerful from he party's groans, but Ormond had just sort of nodded. "They don't want the crossbows," he said. "Okay. I'm taking one out of the crates before this get worse."

"I think I get the whole crossbow joke, now," Ormond said. "Movie reference, right? Is this a movie reference, too?"

"It's really not," Candor said. The steam from the boiling ocean started rolling over them and the mountain-top exploded. The dark god burst forth. Stones tumbled toward the adventurers.

"Mmk," Sera said, blasting her voice directly into their minds. "That'll be initiative, because Chthon sees your skank asses. And then, because the mountain is raining stones down on your heads, I'll need a dex save every round to see whether or not get hit by falling debris. And the ocean is boiling, and will continue to boil until the dark god dies. You have 12 rounds until the all the water in all the oceans has boiled away."

"Does the steam do damage?" Keelie asked.

"Yep," Sera replied. The heavens filled with the sounds of shifting paper and she searched desperately for Chthon's stats. "I'll need a con save for half every round from the steam. We're calling that fire damage, even though it's, uh, water."

"I have resistance," Candor said immediately. "I take half of half if I save, right?"

"No, you just don't have to roll," Reynauldo said. 

"Well, what good's being a Tiefling if I can't get some of the damage reduced?"

Ormond, Keelie, and Sera groaned. The dark god Chthon opened his betentacled mouth for the first time.

"YOU TWO FIGURE THAT OUT," the ender of worlds and time said, his voice filling all the minds of the world at once, driving mad the weakest. "I'M GOING TO GO GET THE PIZZA."

He turned, his form blotting out the sun. The rocks halted in mid-air. The boiling water freeze-framed. Chthon turned and made his way to toward a pizza joint while Reynauldo and Candor raced each-other through the rule-book to find a passage that supported their claim.

"Mind if we tag along?" Ormond asked. But Keelie was already following the evil god.

-end-