Something wierd happened today. I was supposed to die, but I didn't. I surely thought that I was going to be dead ever since I saw that news report one year ago. I was at my mum's house, watching her very old TV. No seriously, it is from 1983, and the actual screen is much smaller than my monitor. Anyway, as I was watching the TV, while the screen frequently turned fuzzy, I saw a news report. A very wrinkled man with a serious facial expression said that a disease has spread in Southeast Asia and in parts of Sub-Saharan Africa. The disease could be spread in any way possible. It could be spread by water, bodily fluids, 90% of insects, any type of uncooked meat, 70% of all edible plants, dust particles, and so on. The symptoms could vary, based on whether you country is developed or developing. People in Western countries, like me, could only worry about feeling light-headed, or about weakness in the legs. However, the more impoverished side of humanity felt dread over the possibility of severe internal bleeding, amputation, blindness, fever, rotting flesh, and so on. "This is ridiculous!" I thought: "There's no way that this is real, and even if it is real, there is no way that it's that bad, and even if it is that bad, there's no way it could ever happen to me, and even if it happens to me, modern medicine will save me."

Two months later, I was at home, browsing the internet as usual. After a three hour Youtube binge, I came across an article that talked about the disease again. It said that the disease has spread further. Over 50% of China's population now has the disease, and it has spread to every Anglo-American and every European country. Masses of people went to the hospitals to get checked. These masses were so big that one hospital in Kentucky had a two day waiting time. I also think that a doctor from that same hospital died of overwork because he worked 14 hours a day, but I'm not sure. The symptoms got slightly more inconvenient for us Westerners and slightly more nightmarish for the rest of the world. We could now fall unconscious in the evenings, and stay that way for 10 minutes at worst, without any brain damage. People in Latin America weren't able to relieve themselves without blood coming out, and the Africans gained the amazing ability to just drop dead at any moment, without any symptoms present. Imagine if you were walking down the street, and some guy just dropped dead in front of you. Weird, huh? Seriously, though, I was starting to get quite worried, so I closed the computer, went straight to my bed, and dreamed of something nice. I dreamed about having a lot of money, so much that I could buy a big house, a fast car, and every luxurious item that I could think of. I also dreamed that a beautiful girl will fall in love with me for me after I've completed those purchases.

Four months later, I was starting to get a bad cough. I tried to ask my friend what should I do about it, but he just kept sleeping. It was so inconvenient that he couldn't be awake when I was around! I got in my car, and drove to the hospital. When I arrived, I saw the big boring yellow building that was the hospital. When I went in front of the doctor's clinic, there were 15 people already there. I had no access to the internet, and the Wi-Fi was locked with a password. I was very bored. I was so bored that I started gently tapping the floor with my legs to the beat of my favourite songs. Clearly, other people don't have the same definition of the word "gently" as I do, since a very old lady, probably in her 90s, started yelling at me to stop. She said: "Can you please shut the fuck up!? I swear to God in heavens, I would throw you right out of that window if I was 40 or 30 years younger!" I didn't even know that 90 year olds could have such strong voices! When I went to the doctor's clinic two hours later, still slightly embarassed, he checked my heart, lungs, and tongue. He said that I had the hot new disease everyone was talking about. He was literally true, the disease could cause fevers with temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius, and I didn't hear anyone not talking about it. He prescribed me a drug called Hydromethaacuuacetyladenovil, from Pfizer. I had no problem with putting this in my body, since I've put many such things in before. The side effects may be unpleasant, but I guess that every medicine has its downsides.

For the next six months, I lived in absolute happiness, since I knew that the death from this disease was an impossibility. Whatever happened, at least I wouldn't die a horribly agonising death like those Asians and Africans. They were probably too poor to afford Hydromethaacuuacetyladenovil, anyway.  I was so happy that I became more confident. I was so confident that I made five new friends and had sex with two new women. Everything was just fine, until today, when I went to the pharamcy to buy my daily dose, the cashier said that they've run out of it. I became outraged, to such an extent that I punched the wall outside the pharmacy. Ow! My daily dose would've surely fixed that problem, but no, they just couldn't have the drug today! When I turned on my moderately expensive TV, that I barely watch, to see the news, a young man with black hair said that there were riots all across Anglo-America, Europe, and East Asia. His face looked really wierd, like, his eyes were wide open and slightly bloodshot, and his slightly twitching facial expression made me think that he was going to snap at every moment and yell maniacally: "Oh, God! Why!?" I took a two hour nap on my couch. When I woke up, the TV didn't work. He definitely snapped!

As I looked out my window, I saw a horrifying, yet slightly interesting scene. A tank and four soldiers started shooting at pedestrians, and when I say that all of them were shooting, I really mean it. Even the tank shot huge clusters of people with its cannon. I could say what was left of them, but I don't really know, and the thought itself really makes me want to throw up. On the far right of my field of view, I saw some looting. Two men stole some jewellery, clothes, and electronics. I still can't figure out how they managed to run past the soldiers. Seriously, they were, like, three meters from them. On the far left of my field of view, a group of people tried to enter the sewers. The last of them was a slightly thicker man who got stuck at the entry. I wish I knew what happened to him, but a bullet pierced my window at that exact moment. It wasn't a small bullet, either. It was at least a 50 caliber bullet. I don't know, but when a giant bullet smashes your window, I think that it's a good time to run. I'm not very fit, so I can't run for long. I ran for 1 km, until I was very exhausted. Sweat was just raining down from my chin and face onto my shirt. I conveniently found a car with its key and a man with slit throat inside. I drove out of my city. By the way, I saw a lot of burned cars, dead bodies, collapsed buildings, bad graffiti, and so on.

At around 7 pm, I found a gas station. I was very hungry, so I decided to stockpile on some snacks and drinks. As I entered the shop, a tall tattooed muscular man in a military uniform approached me, pointing a shotgun at my face. He asked me what I was doing there, in a very loud and agressive voice. I said that I was hungry, and asked him politely if he could give me something to eat. Slowly, his voice lost agression, but not the volume. Two or three hours later, I became friends with him, and I wasn't hungry anymore. Now, it's midnight, and I'll go to sleep and wake up tomorrow, if he doesn't strangle me in my sleep. Honestly, I don't even know why I took the pills in the first place, when I could've just taken cough medicine. I can't wait to see what I'll do tomorrow. I hope that I won't choke on my own vomited blood or get shot.