New Istanbul. 2073: Assembly Chamber of The Five Nations.

A chattering of languages fills the room, with an almost electric buzz of excitement as the delegates from hundreds of different cultures from around the globe speak into their translation headsets. Their words fed to the interpretation matrix able to sort out dozens of languages, in hundreds of dialects, all filtered into the earpiece of Ambassador Khyla Power; Appointed Ambassador of the United States. 

The cacophony was also transcribed in American English onto the datapad in front of her, so as to sort conversations and mutterings. Not that she needed the pad, as she was fluent in 15 languages, in dozens of dialects. A disconcerting amount of the chatter was composed of 'Why do we need them?' and 'What will they bring more than destruction and slavery?', even more than a few other ambassador's musings on Khyla's fit, proportionately set body, and what they fantasized with it in a variety of settings. All the while, her senses taking in information, the clothing they wore, the inflections and intonations of speech, the various scents, and in more cases than not; odors of the other delegates. Her eyes narrowed in concentration particularly at the intricate kimono of her Japanese counterpart; 'Damn, that must have taken a whole fucking year to make.' she allowed to escape her lips whilst never breaking sight of the Russian Federation and Japanese Ambassador's hushed conversation about Pacific fishing rights, lip-read of course, as they had not switched on their Tele-Trans microphones, making sure to check hers's was in the 'NO-VOX' setting. Whilst salivating of the memory of her maternal grandmother's nigiri rolls made from Washington salmon.

Only thrown from her concentration by the gavel pound from the dais, as Chairman Sulathma called the session to order. As he waited for the din to die out, Khyla called her thoughts into order. And as the Chairman's long winded introductions were laid out, she brought to mind the broad strokes of President Kiefer's instructions after realizing the ruse that had been played on their nation. 'Make sure they understand what they gave up on, the advancements we have made, the sacrifices we gave, the struggle they left with us alone with, and that we can still bitch-slap them into oblivion or the stone age.' 

A wry smile crossed her lips so slightly, half-remembering the time she pummelled a boy two and a half times her size into unconsciousness after he tried to steal the fish she spent a day catching in the East River. During the first 20 years of exile, America fared not so well. Millions were in abject poverty-slavery, crime in horrendous proportion and nature,  borderline starvation due to the disaster in Wyoming, and the resulting crop blight it brought. A third of her generation died in war, famine, and pestilence. 

It was after a wealthy businessman in Montana set about putting the first info-recon satellite up into orbit, after 25 years of nobody around her knowing what was happening on the rest of the planet. They were had. Skimmed footage of fertile crops in the deserts of Africa and China, the shimmering skyscrapers of Beijing, Moscow, Dubai, and Delhi. The overabundance of food in the street markets of Cape Town, Mogadishu, Melbourne, and Singapore. And the happy people going to work in Berlin, Sao Paulo, Tokyo, and Mexico City. One thought, voiced by an unnamed man watching one of the few net-stations that ran in the displacement cities that dotted the American southwest, rang true to everyone that heard it.  'America has been shamed, but I. Am.  Pissed. The. Fuck. Off!'

A resolve none found possible took hold of the fragmented nation, volunteers came out in the millions to rebuild, reclaim, and reconnect the population scattered by ashfall, crop failure, and urban decay. After only 2 years of revelation, the United States were whole again. And it was after some study of history, that Operation Sleeping Giant was enacted. 

Sleeping Giant was the largest disinformation campaign ever to be conceived. Laser defense systems at Colorado Springs, Mauna Kea, Bangor, Cape Canaveral, as well as Submarine pickets in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans to destroy or disable other nation's info-sats. Mass broadcasts of refugees trying to reach Mexico, and points south flooding ports of exodus, and recycled footage of failed crops. But also 'conscript tertitorial armies', using antiquated, but nonetheless deadly weapons of war in harsh punishment of her citizens, in defense of their borders, and for recreation.  Really all an asbestos curtain, to hide the life behind.

Khyla grew up near Phoenix, after being relocated from New York's ash choked skyline. There, given the opportunities to learn, she did excel in debate, and the business of politics. This, along with a decisive nature, streetwise education, and a keen eye for the nature of all the particular races, heritages, customs, and religions settled in her displacement city, made her an almost instant choice for the first Ambassadorial post to The Five Nations.

As the Chairman's droning of minutes, and previous business came to a close, a pinging registered in her headset. 'Two minutes.' chimed a voice of almost mechanical precision into her earpiece. 

'Game face now, girl. Remember these are the fuckers that your parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents sacrificed their lives, to save. They gave freely in the hopes that karma would pay us, their children, dividends. Produced great leaps in everything, including the rights of humanity, only to be betrayed like Caesar in the senate. Time to pull back the curtain, this is going to be fun.'

Moar to follow, got inspired, but need to sleep. Really focused on precision to spelling and grammar here. 