When *they* first came, the world had rejoiced as proof that there was indeed other lifeforms in the universe and. *They* had come bearing gifts of technology and energy sources, solutions for the poverty and hunger across the world. Little did we know that as the gifts were just a tool to buy time, time for *them* to assembled their fleet just behind the Moon. Five days after first contact, their fleet breached our atmosphere and attacked. Seven days later, all major cities around the world were wiped off the face of the Earth and all major world leaders were dead.  

In a rare moment of unity, humanity banded together into the United Government of Earth and mobilized every capable person over the age of 16 into the World Army. The remaining military leaders from countries around the world, friend and foe, worked together to devise a plan that would eliminate what we suspected to be the base of operations for the enemy, a 500-mile-wide mother-ship orbiting the planet. It was a sound plan, one that strategists heralded as the Defense of Humanity and one that would end the War of All Wars. But we were wrong.

We succeeded where many thought we'd fail and we drove them off the Earth and took the fight into space. It was that overconfidence that doomed humanity. What we thought was their army was merely a reconnaissance squadron, setting up a forward operating base for the main army's arrival. And when they arrived, they came with a vengeance.

It's been a year since the Attack. The General was tired. Weary of a war that he knew could not be won, and hardened by the sheer number of friends he had to bury in the past year. Country after country fell in the matter of days as they flooded Earth with their advanced weaponry and impregnable bodysuits. Men were cut down in the hundreds and nuclear weapons seemed to only kill our own soldiers. He knew that there was no point in fighting even as he ordered the remaining forces to mobilize around the last remaining UGE bunker in the world. Fifteen million men was all that remained of a once two-billion-strong force. 

"General...I think you need to see this."

The General looked up at a perplexed Colonel who was holding a faded red notebook with the Great Seal of the United States on it. 

"What is it, son?" 

"I'm not sure, sir. I think it's a solution...a way to end the war." 

At this, the General erupted in his seat with the fear of hope in his eyes. He grabbed the notebook and read the page that the Colonel had marked. He couldn't believe his eyes as he read about a deadly secret that was passed from one President to the next for hundreds of years. It spoke of a creature, a monster that was capable of killing tens of thousands of people in seconds with its breath. A monster that caused earthquakes when it moved across the planet. A monster that scientists hypothesized was the reason behind the extinction of the dinosaurs. 

The General flipped through the next few pages, as it detailed how to awaken such a creature as well as the dangers that came with it. In clear red text, it stated "Only as a last resort should you summon this being. It has been dormant for centuries and there is no controlling it once it awakens. Its last recorded sighting was in the sixth century and ended with the Antioch Earthquake that killed nearly 300,000." As he continued to read about the being, he heard an approaching man screaming. 

"They're here. They're 5 miles away!"

A Private First Class ran up to the General and saluted before continuing. "Our scouts sighted a massive army headed from the North and the South, sir. They number in the..."

"Sir, we've just received confirmation that the enemy is approaching from the East and the West," interrupted another soldier. As he finished his sentence, the phone on the General's desk rang.

The same Colonel that handed him the key to ending the war looked up fearfully from the red phone he just picked up. "We're surrounded, sir. We have the enemy air fleet approaching our quadrant. Sir, what are your orders?"

The General took a deep breath and prayed that he was not dooming humanity. "Fuck it." The General said, as the alien mother-ship came in to land. "Summon Cthulhu."



