It took a year for Galadriel to even realize it- in fact, he might not have at all if he hadn't had the forethought to mark his test butterflies with ink. That was one of his better ideas, whereas keeping them cage-free was not. One little butterfly with a star penned on its tangerine wings fluttered onto his palm while he was looking for answers in a bowl of oatmeal and changed his entire life.

But, as it turns out, it's very difficult to convince a king, or priest, or even a peasant child that you've solved the an issue humans have suffered since inception. Exhibits with short-lived creatures, bugs and small reptiles, all of which have lived beyond their years in eternal flea circuses, do not churn out the crowds one might hope for. Brutalities against chimps in the years that followed earned him a fanbase quite unlike the one he'd desired, a bloodthirsty cult of wicked souls that longed for the suffering of others. A man can stand the humiliation of misunderstood effort only so long, going by a plethora of names summed as "fool". 

He turned to an alternative, the one resource every genius has access to in life: himself. Down went a vial of the inky-black substance, an rank solution of minerals and questionably sourced segments of mutated animals melted together by an acid solution, and put his own life on the line. The ultimate test of faith and resolve in what would be either his life's final or greatest act. An acrid assault on his tongue that left it black as tar, burning in his gut which could be smelled into tomorrow, and weeks in a hospital bed were the basis for whispers of his stunt. 

Insane, they called him the first year.

Desperate, they called him the next ten.

A leper, they called him the twentieth. Heretic, until the century crested.

Abomination, demon, and terror they screamed into nights curdled with blood and bile. King and priest, nobleman and peasant, they all look the same inside, as it turns out. 

After that, well... silence is a lover that calls no name. 

*/r/resonatingfury*