The council chambers, despite their vastness and high, vaulted ceilings felt claustrophobic as all eyes fell on me. None of them were human, either. Species of every type had gathered here today, as was custom for welcoming another into their fold. But our membership into their ranks was...unique. They had analyzed our history, and found one glaring detail that made them not so sure of our worthiness.

I stood on an elevated platform, alone amongst a sea of suspicious and fearful gazes, the ambassador of my entire to the rest of the galaxy. In front of me were a half circle of representatives from the most respected races, who had each garnered special favor from the Almighty himself, for having followed his laws and obeyed his commands. At the center of this council sat a rather large, dragon-like creature who lazily thumbed through some documents, occasionally glancing up at me with a strange look on its face. After a few more moments of this silence, with me anxiously awaiting *any* form of a response, the creature cleared its throat and began to speak.

"So let me get this straight, human. The Creator himself sends his sacred envoy to educate your species about his will and intent, and you execute him? What a barbarous people. I'm having doubts about whether or not your species can...*assimilate* properly within galactic society."

"Respectfully, chairlizard, you have no idea what my people have gone through."

"Ex*cuse* me?"

"While you were so content to merely be cattle and lazily live your lives as slaves to your master, we have had to claw and fight and kill for everything we've accomplished!"

The crowd behind me gasped at the outburst, and began furiously talking amongst themselves in hushed tones. The dragon, I couldn't pronounce the name, called for order and silence was restored, though the tension in the air could've been cut with a knife. 

"Your people have chosen the path of barbarism and heresy! This is where your hardships spawned from! If you had but opened your hearts to our Lord's divine truth, your suffering would never have occurred." Murmurs of agreement could be heard throughout the chamber.

"How much of what you've done has been wrought by your own hands? How many of your own thoughts have been your own? Yes, we murdered an innocent man in cold blood, but we have tried our best to atone for past sins."

"Child, you have but to turn to the Creator and beg for forgiveness to be absolved of this most heinous act. And as for trying to *atone* for past sins, well, we have records showing that even though a mighty belief rose up in his name, wars were still waged throughout your world in the name of this belief. Your people are addicted to warfare, human."

"We don't need *his* forgiveness. We need our own. We have nothing to prove to you. This is a formality, really. We are just introducing ourselves to you, not joining you. We have no wish to be a member of the blind herd. We will retain our autonomy, respectfully, and we still wish to have open trade and negotiations with your collective."

"Human, first your species kills His most holy envoy, and *then* you decline an invitation to join our ranks? Have you no decency?"

"I apologize for any inconveniences this may have caused, but trust me. Humans and Gods don't mix well." With that final remark I turned and proceeded down the stairs and out of the council chambers. The high council was left speechless, but the crowd was raucous with hissing and jeering. 

Why would we have wanted to join them, anyway? Humans craved knowledge, and were punished for it. We had to suffer for every ounce of it we gained, but gain it we did. Humanity no longer *needed* gods to explain existence for themselves. *We* had become the rulers of all we beheld, for it was through our blood and sweat and determination that we conquered it. Not by begging some deity, real or not, to do it for us. 