To be honest, I *was* looking kind of dumb, especially as I'd positioned my finger and my thumb in the shape of a rough 90° angle on my forehead, as was the will of the Mouth. The others, spread throughout the circle, were bowed in deep reverence, the same visage echoed beneath their frosted tips. Slowly, shimmering, the rift, the link that bridged world to world, plane to plane, began to expand. 

The seers started coming, and they didn't stop coming. Never had I seen so many beings cross the threshold, only to hit the ground running. All so desperate to show their devotion, to submit themselves before their new king, so fed to the rules that none so much as noticed my vacant stare. 

'It doesn't make sense not to live for fun', the combinant credo rang out, catching itself on ancient pylons and disassociated stained glass, powered by such ancient tradition that its meaning had long ago left the minds of the pious. 

Relying alone on the form dictated by the ancients, did I respond.

'Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb'. The words echoed throughout the cathedral, yet despite their storied history, still they felt empty. For so long, I had dreamed of this day, to be declared devoted above devotion, the King of all Cardinals, the self-actualised realisation of both the Smash, and the Mouth; it was more than any mortal could dare dream. Why then, did I feel so empty? So much to do, so much to see, and yet still, backstreet or forestreet, known or unknown, in dark secretion or glowing evanescence - everything felt... *off*.

The inner circle began to chant, and soon the outer seers joined in the raucous chorus. 

'Hey now, you're an All Star'... *An All Star* - the highest title any man could desire. 

'Get your game on, go play'... The Holy Imperative, the divine direction, driving the All Stars since the beginning of time.

'Hey now, you're a Rock Star'... *A Rock Star* - Was this the power I had dreamed of, sitting alone in the green light of the father so many years ago?

'Get the show on, get paid'... The Papalic Regale, what right did I have to contest the very fundament of Empiric order?

'All that glitters is gold'. The seers bowed their heads - the cardinals too looked deep in thought - and having dedicated my life to the glory of the Mouth, it seemed I too should kneel in reverence. Submitting myself to their glory, for a brief few seconds I was almost able to convince myself that I could truly follow the path of the All Star, replicating what so many had done before me; if this was the salvation of mankind, surely I could ignore whatever creeping suspicions comprised my temptation.

But looking out, gazing at those circles within circles, those concentric priestly patterns that once deified our lords - and now sought to deify me - I knew I could not follow such ancient edicts. Gazing outward with vacant stare, thousands upon thousands danced around me, each with finger and thumb sealed to their forehead. It did look kind of dumb, and yet I could not bring myself to announce these heretic thoughts. I was the All Star, it was my purpose to become the beacon for all humanity, a shooting star to break the mold. 

All the sacraments lain on the altar, in euclidean poetry they mapped the path of the All Star. A path I could not follow. Could I break the mold? Could I defy the credential coda that prescribed all those before me to this paradigmic path? Might I be, as the Cardinals would say, a *sharper* tool in this shed? To cut away the sins of mortality, that is the dictation of the Smash, and of the Mouth; and yet here, among the flowing circles, underneath the rosette, must I cut away more? A spiralling galactic people are channelled to a point above my head, and yet it is cold.

And they say it gets colder...