A car careened onto the pavement next to me, hitting a concrete wall. Luckily the passenger was wearing a seatbelt.

I ran to see if they were ok. My legs felt sluggish and I looked down to see a protruding belly. The car's wing mirror, now dangling beside the door showed a large middle-aged man with a gin blossom nose, long hanging earlobes, who was sweating profusely. 

'Are you alright?' I called. The voice escaping my mouth sounded like tires driving on gravel. A smoker's voice.

'Mommy!' cried a scared woman hunched over the wheel. Blood dripped slowly from her nose.

'Can you move?' I asked, 'I can help you get out if you're not too injured'. All around us there were confused people talking, shouting, wailing. A few more accidents had happened close by. 

'I want my mommy!' cried the woman, then she touched her nose and saw her bloodied hand. 'Am I going to die?' she said weakly, wiping the blood onto the seat next to her. 

'No, you're not going to die sweetheart' I heard the gravelly voice say. How comforting. 'I'll help you get out of there'. I tried to reach for her hand, but she contorted her body, pulling away and attempting to huddle into a ball. 

'I'm scared,' she said as tears streaked her cheeks, looking at me with a sense of distrust. 

I searched in the pockets of my over-sized trousers for something that might help. A pack of smokes, a flask of gin, a lighter, and a few wads of balled-up tissue with what looked like blood on them. I also found some clean tissues in a different pocket and helped her wipe her nose.
 
'How old are you?' I asked. 

'Four, but almost four and a half.' She put four fingers up. This was surreal. 

'And do you look like you're four?' I asked, not knowing what to do. She looked at herself, inspecting her hands, grabbed the wing mirror and saw her face. She dropped it with a gasp and clutched her knees. She didn't say anything.
'See? You don't look like you're four, and I don't look like a 22 year old lady, do I?' She shook her head. 'Someone has..' I wracked my brain to find some was of explaining to a four year old what had happened, even though I had no idea either. 'someone has done some magic and everyone seems to have switched bodies. Now please, will you take my hand and we can get you out of the car?'

She removed her seat-belt and allowed me to help her out of the car. Looking around we surveyed the scene. Cars parked, crashed or abandoned. People talking, shouting, panicking. 

The world had gone mad.



 