He opened his eyes, rubbing them softly as I tried to adjust to what had just happened, the smell of some strange perfume combined with burning incense filled his nostrils, nearly overtaking him.

"da fuck...?"

His vision cleared slowly, realizing he was in a very dark room, small chairs and tables with several books spread threw out the area. Before him stood a small person, only around 4 foot tall, with long flowing blonde hair and bright green eyes, obviously female due to the shape of her form, with longer pointed ears. She gazed up at him with a look of fear and awe on her face. Doing her best to overcome the terror of what she was looking at, she began to speak..

"Great terror of the middle realm, land of perpetual war and strife, devourer of all you view, slayer of ken and kine I summon you...to...to...do...dooo...do my bi...bidding..." in a tiny whispered voice "please.."

He looks down at the speaking elf like girl, six foot tall, strong and muscular, his head shaved and with a long braided beard. A barely buttoned up plaid shirt and dirty blue jeans over dirty well worn work boots. "Do what? what the fuck is this?"

The small elven creature spoke again "gr...great devourer...I summon you to...please...do my bidding..." she trembled a bit looking over the hulking brute of a human. 

He looked around "must be out my mind piss drunk and half asleep...or randy done paid a fortune for this joke...alright randy come out!" he shouted, looking around with a smirk "randy is always taking the piss, how much he pay you for this eh?"

The elven girl shook her head "I am unfamiliar with the demon randy, I only know of your name...you are a greater rade'nake yes? One of the bezerker kind, great destroyer and devourer?"

He stood a moment staring at the little creature "what in the 'ell is a rade whatzit? listen, this ain't funny" he took a step forward and collided with an invisible force, bumped back with a grunt "fuckin ell!" 

The elven girl points at his back pocket "on your currency holder made of the flesh of slaughtered innocents, it says it there. To us we know you as the most powerful and destructive in all the middle realm. The roar of your beasts and destruction is legendary. It says it so, rade'nake."

He rubbed his sore nose, then reached back and grabbed his wallet, looking at the burnt in stamp of redneck. Looking at the words then at the elven girl "oh shit girl redneck? hell yes I am WOOO!" he says with a grin "you like rednecks!? Hell yeah, ain't never met a midget before though, whats your name?"

She took a step back, a little terrified at the sudden joyous nature of the midgaard demon. Aware that such joy was usually the precursor for a uninhibited rampage according to legends. "I am anduluri, please...do not destroy me or my home, I beg you! Mercy Rade'neke! I give you offering!" she scooted forward on her knees, pushing forward a bowl of beer and shotgun shells mixed together...
