Annoience sat and stared glumly into his beer. Like most Forgotten Gods, he spent a lot of his time at Old Bob’s Bar. A small pub hidden in a secluded back alley, the clientele consisted purely of those gods who had been unfortunate enough to lose their mortal following. 

Other than Old Bob himself, that is. No one was quite sure who he was, although one popular rumour was that he was the original god that created the universe, before being overthrown by the Celestial Council and ending up running a small bar hidden away in the suburbs. 

Most of the original council had ended up here too of course. Mortals were fickle with their beliefs, and the rise and fall of different religions meant that most gods ended up here at Old Bob’s. Looking up from his drink, Annoience could see Marduk and Innana sat at a shady table in the corner whispering fervently at each other over their drinks. 

Two of the first gods to have been made by the creator, they had held powerful positions on the Celestial Council. If the rumours about Bob were true, it was them who had initiated the power struggle that had left him here. Now they were here, sat in a small bar hidden in a mortal city.

Innana noticed he was watching them, and glared at him until he looked away again.

Most forgotten gods dislike the council of course. It was the council that created gods, and chose what they would then be god of. Many gods were given unnecessarily obscure things to be the source of worship for, and so it didn’t take long for them to end up at Old Bob’s. 

Annoience, for example, believed he had drawn a very short straw when it came to areas of worship. Who in Hell had though it would be a good idea to create a god of things lost behind the sofa?

It was probably Satan, thought Annoience. He had always had a devilish sense of humour. Imagine that, your entire immortal life just a bad joke told by some idiot who had probably forgotten you even exist at this point.

After that thought, he might need another beer. He drained the remains of his previous drink, and was about to head back over to the bar when he suddenly felt a strange sensation.

Falling back into his seat, Annoience realised that someone was praying to him. Leaning back, he closed his eyes and had to struggle not to moan at the feeling of someone’s prayer rushing through him. It had been such a long time since he last received a prayer, he had almost forgotten how good it felt.

Focusing in on the source of the prayer, Annoience teleported his essence to them. 

He found himself in a small London apartment living room. A young woman rushed about the room hectically, rushing through his essence several times as she dashed about looking for whatever it is she had lost.

“Where is it?” she muttered to herself. 

“What have you lost?” Annoience looked over at the doorway to a bedroom, where a young man stood in his boxer shorts. 

“My keys,” replied the woman. “I dumped them somewhere when we got home last night, but I can’t for the life of me remember where.”

“Have you looked everywhere?”

“No, I’ve decided to ignore most of the flat and only look in a few specific places,” she snapped at him sarcastically.

“I remember reading somewhere that if you say the name of the thing you’re looking for repeatedly it helps your brain focus on it so it’s easier to find. Why don’t you give that a try?” suggested the man.

The woman paced around the flat again, this time repeating the word “Keys” over and over again as she did so. Then she noticed the him struggling to hide a laugh, and stopped to glare at him. “Do you have any actual suggestions or are you just going to stand there looking handsome?”

He shrugged. “Pray?”

She glared at him again, before pressing her hands together and looking up. “To any god that might be listening, I’m running late and can’t find my keys. Please could you help me with this annoyance.”

That was it. That was the prayer. It wasn’t much, just a girl joking about with her boyfriend, but it was the most Annoience had had in a long time. So even with this tiny, sarcasm fuelled prayer, he was going to try his hardest to answer it.

Closing his eyes, he sensed an item lost under the sofa the other side of the room. Strolling over to it, he crouched down to look underneath. Sure enough, there lay the keys, along with an old pack of gum and some dusty copper coins. He reached under and pulled them out to the edge of the sofa, just far enough that they could be spotted without it being obvious they had just been moved.

“Hey look!” said the man. “Is that a pair of keys under the sofa?” He walked over and picked them up. “There you are. Turns out I am here to do more than just stand around looking handsome.”

His job done, Annoience removed his essence from the couple’s apartment and returned to Old Bob’s. 
