It's funny. Once we learn what the amazing creatures we command can really, truly achieve, we can never quite understand how we can control them.

That's why I joined Team Plasma. I liked the idea of it, that my Pokémon were something--No, that they were people, that deserved to stand next to, or even above us.

Prometheus had always been by my side. Ever since I could remember. Hell, my mother showed me pictures of me cuddling up to that little 'wick. He was an adorable candle then. Not the graceful beast of a sweeper he is now. I feel like a garbabkr for dragging him along with me. But, what can you do at the end of the road?' Cept look back of course.

Didn't always used ta' be a grunt. Hell. I made up in the ranks. Didn't always used ta' be a scientist. Start'd off in a med school, gonna try an meet the Joys with their freakish talent. He. Runs in the family I guess. What I saw during my nursing times scared the shit outta me. Not the kids no. They waltzed in and out cause of the stupid things. Had one who thought a little rattata couldn't do nothing to him. Had a laugh with him afterword when we stitched his arm up. No, what scares me, is whenever you a see a trainer walk in, pokéball in hand, leave it at the desk and say: "It lost. Heal it." It's the "it"s man. That's what hurts. What hurts more is when you see a trainer walkin' in with a frustrated look, 'specially with a gym on town. They vent. Not on me. On their "belongings." We're doctors, and nurses, dammit. We can see that the fuckin' rock sticking out of your 'Plosion' s back ain't from the water gym.

That's how a landed up with Athena. Found out later, through med records, breeding slave. Fuck. Breeding's an entiretly different fuckin kettle. All fun and games 'til the top, creme de la creme, all-that-crap-and-more trainers figure out' bout IV's. Hell, when I learnt about it, I stared at my friends in a new light for a bit. "Are they strong? I hope so. Don't wanna lose to anyone." Damn lucky I snapped outta that space.

Plamsa was a new start for me. Started nice enough. A few potions to a few grunts. A few uses of the Joys' healing machine they got. Wierd how they only use it for that one kid though. Say they're collectin' data for the prof. Got nothing against them personally, but the prof going outta their way for some kid? Questionable. Anyway, a few backdoor deals, "Helpin' hasten the dawn of a new revolution!" Or someting. Sounded like change to me. When Ghetsis himself showed up an' asked me to help with this DNA thing, well, I leapt. Not my field, but, I got into their headquarters. Helped heal a few grunt's pokémon. Fuck, healed the damn grunts when they started getting attacked. Not just by the Pokémon either. Lemme tell you though. I. Hated. Them. Those hypocrital bastards. When the profs kid came knocking, you had no idea how damn happy I was to get the hell out. Only decent human in there was Lord N. Bad father though. Would've dragged him with me if I could.

I needed a break. Med history netted me a job. Just a bit outta Unova. Aether foundation. The job was an Arceusend. Turns out, Prothemus and Athena could kick more ass then was provided. Came in handy with rescue missions. Finally got my feet back, went in to study science a while, anything for a change. Hell, professor's assistant sounded nice. Then, well, we all know the Aether debacle. Eldrich horrors that H.P. Luvdisc would be proud of. Employees went mad also. Something about drugs in their blood. No, they got... Taken. By that thing. I was taken. It played with my mind. My emotions. I know they say it was all chemical influence, but... Fuck. Hell of a trip.

... Well. For all who's listening. I've said my cause. The distortion world will probably have my soul, for the crap I've been apart of. Lucky it's not getting it.

Lemme see... Chandlure, number six-o-nine, in the white version of the publicized pokédex:

"Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind."

Prothemus, do the staff a favor, your kind are kinda bad luck to have around here.

----

*The following recording was found at the hospital bed of one Dr. William Candlegrave. Dr. Candlegrave himself was unresponsive. He was detained at the Aether foundation's on site hospital after the events under the U.B. files had taken place. It reveals his past history with team Plasma, as well as detailing his choice to work on at the Aether foundation. One of the Pokémon registered to him, has disappeared. See files attached. And the other one has been requested by note to be transferred to his next of kin, in Unova. Further investigation maybe be needed, but is highly doubtful to obtain anymore results.*

---
Well. That's... My first ever response to a prompt. Ever. Whoa, I feel dizzy. Feel free to review, and tell where I (not if I) messed up! 