For most of the universe's life, they were the rulers almost gods. They knew how everything worked.... well at least they thought they did. Over the billions of years of rule dominating all of existance with their knowledge they noticed that space was growing, new planets and systems formed. To us that proccess would take longer than we can fathom.. to them it was no more than a few years before they noticed something.. new. As you can imagine after so long of knowing everything there was something unknown developing on the edge of space which shook their civilization more violently than an exploding sun. 
The discovery was of a creature, now a new creature on a planet wasnt that unknown and they would normally leave them to see how the developed but there was one huge differance. 

These creatures that devloped started off small but quickly grew.. and grew. They had no idea what they were watching as they grew so big over the years, bigger than they had seen before that they would of towered over them 100 fold... panic spread across the galaxy... what where these things with their gigantic bodies with only 4 limbs. 
They soon realized however that despite their size they were primative compared to their vast knowledge as they quickly destroyed their planet, reaping it of all it had to make this thing they passed around in exchange for goods. They realized they worked for this thing just to afford the sustinence and habitation that kept them alive. This concept was strange to them as everything they did and needed was done for the greater good of the species to survive and to learn the knowledge they now had. They decided that despite their size they were still going to take the planet for themselves. They essembled their finest fleet of ships and 10000 of the best minds and combatants they had and set off for this blue planet of huge beings. Once they got here they spread out around the planet and prepared to launch their attack. The first ships to engaged in combat had their most powerful weapon attached. The Matter Eradicator was feared across the galaxy for its sheer power so they had no fear it would be a success. They attacked using all they had... a few people slipped.. or fell over in shock but that was about it.. the ships were either swatted away and destoyrd or retreated in fear. Their was a few news storys at first but no one believed them. How do I know all this? Well the race in this story are the "Abucan" translated in english it means "Keepers of all knowledge. After their failed attack they realised that their name was a lie. They didnt know everything they thought they did.
They eventually worked out how to communicate with us and decided to share their knowledge with us... we feared them at first as we could not see them but the knowlege they gave transformed our world in a way we could of never imagined. 
We repaired the ozone layer.. restored our planet to its natural state and did away with money. Now we live with these tiny creatures as not our gods but our saviours. 

Sorry if thats way to long! 