I exhale slowly as I secure myself as comfortably as possible inside the pod. Wonder what the people were thinking when they so readily agreed to...this. Cramming their bodies into coffins for a century, where their own blood would be drained out of them and replaced with a cool cryogenic liquid.

At least, that’s what we were told. First timers, like myself, had it in for us, the elders remarked, as more and more efficient drugs were being produced to increase human lifespans to goddamn infinity. Like we cared. Was I even going to have a conscience while I hibernated? Would I experience a dream? Or would it simply be darkness? I shuddered inwardly at the thought, then shrugged it off. It didn’t matter. I was going to go through the same thing everyone else would. The front of the pod rose high above my body, akin to a large, cockroach’s shell. It blocked out all sunlight, save for the few rays that I could observe via the glass at a slit on the front and on the sides. 

A loud siren then sounded. ‘Well, here we go’, I muttered. The hunk of metal (ugh, shell) gradually descended downward, the eyes of everyone closed. ‘Man, that was fast!’ The pod closed with a soft hiss. ‘An airtight chamber, where I would be for the next century’, I smiled at the thought. Then it struck me. 

The siren. 

The sealing of the pod.

The closing of the eyes of everybody else.

Why the hell was I not asleep yet? It had to be instant, simultaneous. My heart began racing. I banged my fists desperately against the pod casing. ‘HELP!!’
‘HELP!!!!’ My breathing rose to a high pace. I was about to start hyperventilating. ‘Shit! SHIT!! Get me OUT OF HERE!’ Oh wait, idiot. You’re in an airtight chamber now. How the hell can sound travel to your ears, let alone to the outside. 

Unless.....

My eyes drifted to the left, where a pair of hinges were. I placed my hands on the smooth casing, feeling the lightest of tremors on it. As though sand was being poured on top.

Or more disturbingly, dirt. 

I faded out of consciousness, hoping to enter the dream I was prepared to visit. I was only going to sleep, yes. Simply hibernate..... just.... close my eyes and see.

Nothing more