From the heart comes the blood, from the eye comes the light, from the hand comes the soul. This the way of the things of the world. But how can you bleed, when they have ripped out your heart? But how can you see, when they have stolen your eyes? And always, always, how can you be, when they have taken your soul and hidden it where you may never find?

Once, you were somebody, you were made of bone. You’ve long forgotten who you were, and know only one thing: this shadow of your soul, trapped to the ground as a tree is bound to its roots, is all that remains. You are nothing more than the space outside a candle’s halo. But still you will not bow. When the wind whistles hard, you can hear the call of that other half of you, the part that knows your name, trapped in a cage with its once-bent bars repaired. 

It’s alright. You may not know your name, but you’ve been given others. 

You first meet her on a sun-filled afternoon. She is two, she is nine, she is fourteen and twenty-seven and fifty-thirty-four. You can’t really tell, but the first time, when she crawls to a dandelion and looks right at you, where you rest in the shade of the tree, you can’t but hope that she might be the second one. Later, when she can talk with real words, she’ll spin circular tales of the soaring sails of the ships in the harbor. Even later, she’ll ask why she’s the only who speaks to you.

But that’s all in the future. For now, she blows on the dandelion and delights in the chaos. She sees you, and she sees the wind. It is not the first time you have hoped, and certainly not the first time you have tried. 

When she is older, so much that she speaks in more than one voice, she asks you why you hide. Your answer dies in your mouth, because it is a lie and you do not know. She asks you again, and you are helpless to the point of fleeing. Then she holds your wrist and finds no pulse, frowns at you missing eyes, and does not doubt the dirt and blood she finds on your hands. “I know what you are,” she says, with a curious tilt of her head. “You were the one my fathers lost to the night.”

You would run if you could. She is not one of your former jailers, some kind of a child instead. “You whisper in the ears of those that might be close,” she says. “Very well.” When she releases your hand, and what’s left of your soul with it, you nearly tear yourself to pieces flying away on the wind. 

When she nears that crossing-place (or is it time? You can never tell the difference), she asks you what it was like. That cage you were once in. You tell her: it was beautiful, until I could not stand it. The sky was clear and blue and the field was endless. When I screamed, nobody ran and nobody came. When I fell, there was no blood. When I walked, I never left.  My hair never grew and my heart never bled. I was alone, and no one could hear my voice. It was beautiful, and I could not change. They took all of me and they locked it somewhere I could never reach. Do you understand, now, why I chained myself to the ground? So that some part of me might still live and survive, away from that golden cage? So that I might maybe, someday, help others escape? So that someone might know the truth before the commit themselves to an unrelenting eternity?

She looks you in the eye, this daughter of heaven and earth, and asks, “Are you sure you ever left? Here, you do not bleed, you cannot see, and your soul is apart from you.” Then, her eyes unfocus, and her head tilts, and she asks for you by the name she gave you once, long ago. “Are you still here?” She waits, and then she asks again and again, walking until she finds the shade of a tree and searching there. 

But no matter how you scream, she never again hears. 
