Never before. 

Not once in Meredith's life had she seen someone quite that staggering. Surrounded by droves of writhing onlookers, the beautiful woman wearing a sundress and sandals strode on through the crowd, wearing a rather displeased expression. Such things weren't uncommon in her life- ones who could bend the will of entire cities, or cause everyone that saw them to shiver in fear or awe. 

But why, then, was Meredith unaffected?

Meredith blinked and stepped aside as a man ran past her, babbling inanely. Others around her were experiencing much the same. One man urinated uncontrollably whilst shouting about his mother. Another begged for his life, making reference to some being known as 'God'. In short, the beautiful black-haired woman's presence was throwing the entire street into disarray.

"If you wouldn't mind, I'm in a bit of a hurry." 

Meredith's observations of the crowd were interrupted as the woman stepped closer to her, stopping just nearby. Eyes of emerald, silky hair, and fair skin greeted her vision. For a moment- and only a moment- it seemed as though time had stopped. It clearly hadn't, however, as the woman frowned and crossed her arms, as a man cowered next to her foot. 

"You're not going to make me walk around you with a crowd like this here, are you?" she continued to ask. Her voice was reminiscent of an angels' choir, sonorous and mature. "Because that would be inconvenient."

Meredith blinked dryly, again, and averted her eyes. "Sorry. I was trying to blend in, but I guess I did a bad job of it." Her voice was low and nearly inaudible over the din of the crowd, though many of the frightened civilians were starting to make their way out of the immediate area. 

The woman's eyebrow simply raised, in response to Meredith's answer. "Blend in?" she asked, "You'd have to... scream and fall over, if you wanted to blend in." Her arms uncrossed as she stepped aside, trying to look up and into Meredith's eyes. "But you are doing neither."

Meredith shrugged her shoulders, as if trying to remain casual about the whole thing. In truth, she was sweating- but fortunately for her, it was not apparent on her face yet. Again, her eyes averted, and she made her lips form into a tight line. "Guess not. What's everyone so afraid of, anyway?" she asked. It seemed to be a question posed to herself, as she answered herself soon after, "It's just a cute girl."

The woman's head turned, tilted, and then tilted back again. "A cute girl?" she asked. She stepped around Meredith again, trying once more to look into her eyes. "I am not a grizzly old bear, in your eyes? Or a pile of mocking, laughing, decapitated heads? A wrathful wife, bearing a bloodied knife?"

"Nope. You're just a cute girl," Meredith answered, quite simply. "Green eyes are kind of rare. Only ever see them on television." 

The woman stared blankly at Meredith for a few moments, before offering a dry laugh. "Well, this is a surprise," she said, shaking her head a bit. "You can see my true self." She smiled in an oddly alluring way, and then stepped astride Meredith. She grabbed the woman's arm, and began marching away down the street with her, the way she had been previously heading. "A refreshing change from the usual affair. You'll come with me for a time, won't you?"

Meredith stumbled at first, but kept pace with her soon after. "I... uh..." she muttered, blushing a fiery red. "I don't know- it's late, and all-"

"It is shortly after *noon*, dear," the woman interruped. "I assure you, I will do nothing untoward. It is a rarity to find one such as yourself, that is all. I greatly enjoy the company of those who can appreciate my true visage." 

"I mean- you really *are* pretty," Meredith said, rather awkwardly. "But I don't know your name, or anything." 

"Nor do I yours," the shorter woman said. She kept a deceitfully strong grip on Meredith's arm, and it was clear that she would not let go, short of Meredith chewing off her own extremity. "But if we are to skip courtesies, my name is Tealechiariel. Many who know me merely call me 'Teale', however. You may, as well." 

"Well- alright, uh... Teale." Meredith carefully tried to pull her arm away. After coming to realize that Teale was much stronger than she, the woman said, "My name's Meredith. I live nearby... kind of. A few blocks away. I was going out for milk, and then I saw the street shitting itself. I mean- the people, on the street."

Teale chuckled quietly, holding onto Meredith's arm in a way that was deliberately couple-like. One hand reached down to lock in with Meredith's hand, and Teale's other rested on Meredith's elbow, daintily. "Only a few blocks, you say?" she asked, "Interesting. I am currently staying with a friend, for what I am sure will be a number of months. The forces that be willed it, and so it will be." 

"The forces that be...?" Meredith mumbled to herself. "What are you? Sorry. That's kind of rude- but I feel like I should know." 

"I am a manifestation of the end," Teale said. "When onlookers gaze upon me, they see their greatest fears, in their wildest depictions. Some see naught but fire and ash, while others see crazed loved ones. It is... distressing, at times. I very nearly feel bad, for them." 

"Why do I see *you*, then?" Meredith asked. With her free hand, she rubbed at her eyes. They were a bluish-brown, which was rather common, where she was from. Beneath them rested heavy, dark circles- not made with makeup, but rather, a lack of sleep. "My greatest fear isn't to hold hands with a cute girl."

"To say that it is base fears is a misnomer, perhaps. It is their perception of the concept of death," Teale responded. "Many fear the end. Some embrace it, with open arms. Some are too stubborn to believe they will meet their end." She turned her head up toward Meredith, smirking wryly. "Until they meet me, that is. A man once claimed to see me as a volcano- can you believe that?"

"Nope. Sounds pretty crazy," Meredith said. "A whole volcano? Weird." She stared ahead, her expression blank. "I guess I don't know how I feel about death. It's just a part of things. A big part, maybe."

"Indeed, it is," Teale rather happily replied, nodding her head. "You are quite open minded, I see. That is good." 

"I guess. I didn't really want to crap myself today, and if you'd been my biggest fear, I probably would have," Meredith said. She continued to walk along with Teale for a short time, before asking, "By the way, just where are we going?"

"I have some business to take care of- nothing too important- and then I had planned on spending the rest of the afternoon seeing the city," Teale said, "But now that I have met a peculiar and cute girl who can see my true nature for what it is, I am unsure what I will do afterward. Do you have any interest in spending the day at my side, Meredith?" She looked up toward the taller woman's face, batting her eyelashes. 

Meredith once again turned her head away, turning red in the face. While her plans for the rest of the evening had likely involved pizza, a can of carbonated swill, and many hours of insomnia, she could just as easily shift those plans ahead a few days. Just as well, being called 'peculiar and cute' brought up a strange feeling in her chest, one she hadn't felt since at least her later years in highschool. 

"Yeah, okay."

That was the best Meredith could offer, and Teale smiled and hugged her arm just a bit tighter. "Wonderful. Let us be on our way, then," she said, though she quickly added, "Ah! There is a shop over there that sells hats, Meredith! I want to try some on!" Before Meredith could react, she was already being pulled across a busy street full of shrieking onlookers and braking cars. 

"W-Wait a minute, Teale! What about your business?!"

"It can wait! I *must* have a hat with a wide brim! It would make my outfit just perfect!"

And so, Meredith was dragged by the arm through a store that sold hats. They were not asked to pay, as the cashier working the register at the store's front only saw a six-legged horror from the depths wearing a sunhat, and could not comprehend Teale's true form. Meredith was dragged to numerous other stores, where Teale helped herself to various accessories, before she was finally dragged off to see whatever Teale's 'business' happened to be.

But, at the very least, she wasn't exactly unhappy. Just very, very confused and stunned by the day's events.

---

Goooooood prompt. I liked it a **lot** and that's maybe saying something. What that something is, is that I liked it. Obligatory [sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/Probroscis/) link for those who want more of my writing, too. 