To the Lady of Winter,

The seal on this letter should have alerted you and your people to the sincerity of this request and the gravity of the situation that I approach you with. I had previously written a missive to the custodian of your people's great library, but I only received a halfhearted response that was chocked full of derogatory statements. As of recent, I have had a few encounters with elves, and I must say, none have been pleasant. I hope that this letter can convince you to provide me assistance, regardless of the shape of our ears.

Your people's library has only recently been brought to my attention. I must admit that it is a commendable idea and an impressive feat that is a testament to the collective wisdom that your people are blessed with. However, access to this library is of course restricted. I have reason to believe that there might be information and possibly resources that can aid me in fulfilling a promise that I made, hence my need to gain entry to this collection of knowledge and secrets.

Sometime ago while on a journey (I was and still am, to an extant, a merchant), I stumbled upon the discovery of a lifetime: a dragon's nest. In ordinary circumstances I would have been incinerated or eaten the moment I crossed the threshold, but this was not ordinary circumstances. The nest had been ransacked and recently at that. So recent in fact, that I found what I thought were the remains of two adult dragons and the bodies of several hatchlings and smashed eggs. One of the adults, to my dismay, was still alive. She spoke to me, and I shall always remember what she said and the voice that came to me. In short, the other dragon was a jealous and spurned lover that came to exact his vengeance. The two fought but she couldn't prevent him from killing all of her young save one. She begged me with her dying breath to care for her child. I was hesitant to agree, but I gave her my word. I swore to do so, and in return she bid me to drink some of her blood. I thought this to be some melodramatic dragon tradition and did so without knowing the full consequences.

There isn't much information on the gestation of dragons or dragon child rearing. What little there is speculative in nature, and I haven't had the good fortune of meeting another dragon. I've made a few observations on my own. She (my ward is a female) isn't completely cognisant yet. She shows some awareness of herself and has the ability solve puzzles but has the intelligence of a small child. Her speech comes and goes and isn't ever in complete thoughts, but more like simple exclamations. "Hungry" or "Cold" and so forth. She's more feral in nature and prefers to chase prey down instead of me handing her uncooked stew meat. Small rodents, reptiles, birds, and the occasional fish fall victim to her. She's no longer than my arm from snout to tail and her shoulders still haven't reached my knee as far as her height is concerned. Her scales are a dull green, in my opinion to act as camouflage, instead of the verdant emeralds that were her mother's scales. She recognizes me as her care giver, but I am unsure if she sees me as a dragon (I can confirm that her mother's blood gives me her mother's scent as far as the little one is concerned) or if she sees me as a human that smells like her mother. I am unsure.

I need information. I need to know how to raise her. I need to know what exercises are good for her. How can I discipline her and prevent her from becoming a danger. Now she can only produce small amounts of noxious fumes, but I suspect this can be sparked into flames when she becomes old enough. I won't have her killed out of my ignorance, nor would I have her dependent of me long after she no longer has need of me. Legend has it that your mother once rode a dragon ages ago. That she wrote her techniques down. I have need of that. I can only imagine how personal this request must seem. To ask you to depart with your mother's work, a piece of her legacy that you've been entrusted. But I ask, why did she supposedly impart this wisdom if not for someone to use it?

I humbly beseech you and your gentler nature to allow me access to this information. I made a promise to dying a mother, and it's one that I intend to keep. I would be more than happy to work out some favor or some arrangement to ensure that you know my worth. I'm not looking to steal secrets; I'm looking to raise a child.  Being a father to child that isn't even of my kind is proving rather difficult. I ask not for my own accord, but for her and her mother's. I would beg you if I were able to attend your person. Please consider this request.

With the warmest regard,

Alessio
  