*Finally!* I thought with glee as I felt my lamp being rubbed.  It's been a long time since the last time I appeared in the material world and I was getting antsy. I knew plenty of genies that hated being summoned much less granting wishes but I liked it, no I craved it. Thinking how to reward the brave and pure, plotting to twist the wished of the evil and cruel.  Seeing how the world changed, breathing fresh air, it was all a treat to me.

I exploded out of the lamp, shooting multicolored sparks as I spun out in a tornado.  I prided myself in making unique appearances every time.  Finally I summoned a fanfare of horns and floated over my lamp, arms crossed and eyes wide in the classical appearance stance. "Who summons me?! All powerful and magnificent? Tremble at my power and dare make your wishes!"

No one was there. I looked about confused, the fanfare fading and the sparks slowing disappearing. "Uh....hello? Genie here, my lamp was rubbed, ...wishes?" Absolutely no one was near by. In fact I seemed to be in a construction type place.  Tools, materials, large vehicle things are all around the area and my lamp poked out of the ground, obviously looking like it was buried and now exposed.  *Figures. No one takes cares of lamps ever.  Maybe I should change homes...wait. What was that noise?*

I heard a low sound, a purring.  I looked down and saw a small shape sitting primly, gazing up at me with lordly gaze. "Oh hello kitten." I say in delight.  I've always liked cats and I floated down to look at it face to face. It was a healthy looking animal, luxuriously grey with sparkling mischievous blue eyes. A pink tongue poked out of it lips as it licked a paw, staring at me calmly. I noticed a pink collar around it's neck. "Smokey. That must be your name.  Well hello Smokey.  Do you know who rubbed my lamp?" The cat just sat and stared at me, a faint look of disdain in its eyes that's inherent to most cats.  Muttering I whisper a charm to see what touched my lamp. I notice some glowing fibers and saw thin grey hairs against the bronze metal. *Oh no....*

"Ok Smokey.  Here's the deal. It's my job, no my duty, to grant the wishes of whoever rubs my lamp. Looks like that's you. Therefore I have to answer your wishes. And you must make the wishes that I can understand. You get me?" Smokey yawns and lies down, eyes looking at me with bored indifference.  "Ohhhhhkaaayyyy, I'm going to assume that's a yes.  Let's give it a shot.  Hungry?"

I clapped my hands and gleaming silver trays and plates appeared. Chicken and fish sat on them, some raw, other steaming.  "Here's some good food for you kitty. How does that whet the palate?"  Smokey sniffs at the plates and turns it's head, flicking it's tail from side to side.  "Not hungry. Got it.  Oh I know!" My fingers snapped and a shower of toys fell around the cat. Balls, stuffed toys, scratching posts, all rained down. "Every cat needs toys!"

Smokey didn't spare a single glance, eyes closing in obvious annoyance.  I grind my teeth lightly.  *Wish I could speak cat. Isn't that ironic.* A smile grew on my lips.  "Wait, don't tell me," I whispered conspiratorially. I rubbed my hands together and blew the air off an open palm. Plants grew around the cat, green stalks rising from the ground.  "Don't be shy Smokey.  My old culture loved hookahs and all. How about some grade-A catnip.  Tantalizing no?"  Smokey's ears flicked and it's eyes opened with interest, yet it remained still. 

An hour later I literally bashed my head against a red metal pillar. The area looked like a pet store exploded yet the dammed cat still sat in a smug ball of stubborn hate.  The thing was practically implacable and I was losing my mind.  *The council is going to be pissed at me.  Going to get demoted and fined and-* "Hey!  Where are you going?"  Smokey had leapt up and walked to one end of the construction area. It stopped, and looked back at me, eyes glaring with impatience.  "Guess I am supposed to follow you..." I muttered as I grabbed my lamp and followed the hateful beast. "This counts as a wish you know."

I followed the feline for a few minutes and eventually found myself outside a plain but well used home.  The cat climbed up a tree and leapt into an open window on the second floor.  I was about to follow but paused at the ground floor window. Two adults, male and female, sat at a table obviously distressed. The male was crying and the female trying to comfort him. Another young one sat to a side, at the age where they felt their emotions yet didn't know why, wanting to be comforted. A yowl of exasperation tore through my thoughts and I rose, more confused than irritated.

I floated through the window and gazed about the room. It was a child's room, small but comfortable. Some toys sat around and in the bed laid a little girl. She was sick, breathing with difficulty and skin an unhealthy pallor. Smokey sat by the girl on the bed, purring anxiously and nudging the girl. Her eyes flickered and a weak smile showed briefly. "Hi kitty," she whispered.  A thin hand brushed the cat's fur. "Sorry I can't play. Don't feel good.  Thank you for being here though. I wish..." the hand fell and her eyes closed again, her breath rattling and new sweat appearing. 

I floated there, frozen and unsure.  *Dammit dammit dammit. I can't. That I mean I want, but it's against, shit shit-* My own eyes prickled with tears, emotion I haven't felt in a long time and I wiped them away. A miow cut through again, and I felt a touch. Smokey sat on the nightstand, one paw against me.  It's eyes held emotions many thought impossible, its ears back. The tail curled around its body and it looked at the child, then back at me. 

"That's all I need.  Clear as crystal." I placed my hands together palm to palm. I whispered soft words, a language haven't spoken in ages and my hands glowed.  I leaned down and touched the girl's head.  The glow spread from my hands to her body and immediately she began to change.  Her pallor turned rosy, her breath eased.  She stopped sweating, and her muscles relaxed, sleeping more easily. Smokey changed almost as fast. The ears perked up and the cat nudged the girl all over, as if inspecting her.  It's tail stood straight up and after a few moments it sprang back to the night stand, happy purrs resonating throat as it looked at me though a contented half lidded gaze.  

I returned the obvious smirk. "Yeah yeah, that's all your wishes. We good?"  Smokey nodded with noble insouciance and settled down by the girl, curling into a ball and purring happily. I started to float out and paused, looking back. I counted on my hand and sighed, snapping my fingers one more time. A fluffy stuffed bear appeared between the cat and the girl and the purrs grew louder.  "That's three." I said softly and drifted away, cradling my lamp in one arm. *I think the council will accept that. Man, maybe I need another long break.  Or a cat language instructor...*

Edit: Holy cow I don't deserve the gold!  Thank you so much. I'm touched knowing so many people enjoyed it. Thank you. 