Daniel Mortimer gripped his arm. He winced as he felt the 35 fragments of bone his femur had been ground to grind against each, puncturing the few veins that had survived the attack. He gazed up at window Elba had thrown him from. He knew not what had possessed her, or why she had chosen him, a forensics expert, as the target for her rage. Despite his feelings for her, he had not dared approach her. She had her beloved, after all, that affable, likeable Dectective Merchant. Well, they were dating. Daniel only knew each of them in seperate circle. Plus, he had far more relevant issues to focus upon than the romantic affairs of the woman he rode the train with twice a week.

With a grimace, Daniel began to move.

This was both a miracle and a mistake. The miracle was that his legs had not been broken from the fall. The mistake was trying to move without securing his arm in a splint. The man's medical history should have informed him that this would cause him intense pain.

His one year of Theater School should have taught him that he was not supposed to survive that fall.

Daniel grimaced as he reached out to the dumpster that had spared him his dramatic and final descent. From it, he pulled a splintered panel from a bed frame. He tore off his hoodie, and fashioned something akin to a sling about his neck. This was difficult, given that he was a lefty, and now his left hand lay in pieces. He also did not have his glasses. As he winced and cringed, he also kept his ears open. A year prior, he had been attacked in his apartment by a hostile witness, attempting to silence him after a bit of witness testimony. Back then, he had counted upon Merchant and Elba to save his life. He liked that team- they were different as could be, but their near weekly escapades were the talk off the station. It was impressive, how a grizzled detective and young, attractive patrolwoman could become such popular figures in a world where criminals and vigilantes could galavant about with strange, curious abilities.

Daniel began to drag himself towards the street, looking up and down the street before attempting to run. He had a bodega in mind- just a place where he could get in a call, and get an ambulance. He took a quick glance behind him, but the plot had already carried Elba away. All he saw behind him was the empty panel that was supposed to be his street.

Daniel's steps slowed.

His eyes darted about.

The pain in his arm had lessened. He looked down to see that the arm in question was nothing but a set of outlines. The man blinked, wondering where his glasses had gone off to. He turned back, and began to trek towards the bodega he had in mind. It was down the street and to the right, but when he looked to the left, his beautiful city was there, a cacophany of dreary night blue and lively neon lights. He turned right, and all he saw were the shapes of what should have been there.

He rubbed his eyes, blinking blearily, before running up to the door of the bodega. His right hand reached out, trying to grasp the handle. Instead, his hand knocked against the flat surface of the door. The handle had not been drawn in.

The flimsy facade crumpled before him, as though it were an idea to be crossed out and discarded.

Daniel began to turn, his breathing growing erratic, his eyes flicking about the place madly. Where was he? What was he?

Deep inside, Daniel knew.

He was in another human's dream. And he was no longer supposed to exist in.