A while back my grandmother died, aged ninety-four. She was from England and moved here after World War II. Among the scant, few items she brought over was a chest of family silver. For the record that meant cutlery, not silver coins. Anyway for some reason I inherited the silver. I don't recall being fond of it or ever mentioning such a thing to Grandma. She never once told me beforehand I'd receive it. My best guess was she wanted me to inherit something considered valuable in her day. I supposed she thought I'd own a nice house someday - entertain guests, hold a banquet with the spouse I've yet to find - I'm not quite sure. That aspect though was the sort of reason she'd give. She was a generous but resourceful person who believed one should take care of their things, and value what they already have. I suppose I'm a little like that too, so I guess that could've been her rationale. In pondering this, I regret not asking her more questions then. Death is the bringer of regrets.

Regardless after the rigamarole with the lawyer, there it was, my wooden chest full of silver. I opened and examined the contents. I saw columns of forks, knives, spoons, and serving tools, and I could see why people must've loved receiving these. They were dainty, bright, and lovely. I lifted a piece and it was light as a feather. The average fork one finds in a thrift store is heavy steel. I imagined Grandma sometime back in the 60s forking meatloaf and spreading butter with ease, while Grandpa spooned his favorite, French vanilla ice cream. Only I realized this was certainly just in my head, for one of the few things I knew about these hand-me-down silver sets was they were never used. Alongside china the silver was one of the prized wedding gifts in the past. They were so prized, one must never actually use them, in case they chipped or tarnished.

No wonder then, how Grandma saw me as a last ditch effort to pawn these off. Well forget this, I thought. I resolved to actually put this stuff to work. I hadn't the room to stash it anyway. After searching online on how to care for it, I quickly learned silver is very easy to care for - just hand wash and dry, then polish once a year. I was single, so at most I'd use three or four of each kind. The rest stayed in the box, which I eventually had to slide under the couch - turned out I had to make the room I didn't have. 

My first night with my new, old silver cutlery was with brinner. Brinner was another passed down custom, this time from my parents, who I'm pretty sure both abhorred cooking. We grew up on TV dinners, meals in a box, and one of our few, family specialities, breakfast for dinner - brinner. I cooked up the eggs, fried the bacon in the microwave, and toasted white bread. 