I guess my Dad didn’t think this through.  This is really started to get old.  I’m certain I’m going to be here until a big meteor wipes out every single human.  I’ve made some friends.  Some people really despise me here.  They say I’ve ruined their lives.  That doesn’t really seem fair, but oh well.  I’m never quite sure what someone thinks when they meet me here.  I think it really scares them.  I didn’t do anything wrong, in my opinion.  Just trying to do the right thing.  A lot of things people heard about me aren’t true.  Funny how things can spread like that.  People show up here every moment.  Some disappear just as soon as they appear, and that is very sad to me.  It means no one knew or cared for them.  People always kinda gravitate towards me.  I welcome it, but I’m always cautious because I don’t know how someone will react when they realize who I am.  It’s not my face.  People get my face all wrong.  It’s not my hair.  It’s just my name.  Anyway.  I think to myself a lot.  Sometimes I catch myself taking out loud to myself.  Someone is approaching me now.  I should probably introduce myself.  Ope, here he is. 

“Hi”

“Hello there” 

“How are you?”

“I’m good, and you”

“I’m hanging in.  Is this...heaven?”

I hate when people ask me that.  They don’t get it yet.  

“Afraid not, but no worries.  It’s not Hell, either”

“What is it?”

“It’s purgatory.  When we die, we come here.  We have to stay here until our name is said by someone for the last time on Earth.”

“Oh, damn.  Well I don’t think I’ll be here much longer.  I might get stuck waiting for some creditors to realize I’m dead and process my name one last time.”

That’s kinda sad, I thought to myself.  I guess I should ask his name.  

“What’s your name?”

“Eric”.  

“Nice to meet you Eric”

“What’s yours”, he asked.  

I hate this part.  The realization that comes over people right now is always tough. 

“It’s...  uh..   Jesus”. 

“Christ”, he said.  “You’re gonna be stuck here forever.”

Not sure if he was saying my last name seriously, or taking it in vain.  
