"I hate mop days" I mutter as I mix the bleach an ammonia solution and poor it into the bucket. For one I always feel bad watching people slip and fall when they don't realize the floor is wet. Even worse, mopping the floors always makes me feel nauseous and gives me a headache for some unknown reason. But thanks to my fall earlier today, I am nauseous already, along with some dizziness, and a horrible headache.

It happened at the entrance to our building as it usually does. "Watch your step, watch your step" I always remind myself as I head toward the front door. But today Susan caught my eye again. Susan is so beautiful, and kind. I really wish I had the courage to ask her out. She hurries to catch up to me while I wait for her. As we enter the the building I forget about the step up and trip. 

"Tom are you OK?!" Susan exclaims. As get up, I can feel the pain in my cheek. "Oh that's gonna bruise, I am so sorry Tom. I can't believe I made you trip again".

"It's not your fault, I uh, I gotta go". I mutter as I hurry off embarrassed and humiliated. Things could be worse. There was the time I lit a match so I could see inside the lawnmower fuel tank. So many things I have tasted out of curiosity, only to get seriously hurt or sick.

"But enough about that, it's time to get mopping" I think. Suddenly I am overwhelmed and hit the floor.

Why can't I get up? What is happening? This is the end, I can feel it. My thoughts drift to my children. I wish they were still alive. Jenny who used to love those flammable pajamas I bought her. Joseph who just wanted to try a ride in those cool sideloading washers at the laundromat. Jimmy who choked on that tiny toy. Jake who I held over the fence so he could see the lions better. James who died of eColi after I checked his temperature rectally then orally with the same thermometer. Jessica who I tried to dry in the microwave.  Maybe it's for the best that Susan and I never got together. It's getting dark now.


Edit: Had to make a few changes, didn't realize Mc Donald's coffee and objects in mirrors had already been used above.