"Dammit, Jimmy!" I snapped my head around in several directions, making sure no one had heard. I was alone: a rare event.

I turned back to the mess I had just discovered. There, in a pile still steaming, were the unmistakable remnants of this evening's dinner, eaten with a fork and spoon by an affable 10 year-old bou but then passed through a canine digestive tract. You'd be forgiven for thinking we had an untrained labrador roaming the grounds but that's not quite the case. 

Lycanthropy was a difficult adjustment for those afflicted but it was just as trying, if not moreso, for the parents and siblings of these kids. Imagine putting your son or daughter to bed one evening and in the middle of the night their room is suddenly destroyed by a scared, confused and most likely very hostile wolf creature. The most tragic incidents end with the parent grabbing a gun to rush to the defense of their child they haven't realized isn't still in the room. I can't begin to imagine their pain but in some cases they do end up rescuing a sibling that shared the room. Small comfort, I'm sure.

I grabbed a mop and filled a bucket in the utility closet. Cleaning these types of messes wasn't an uncommon event but Jimmy should know better. He had been here for six months and had not been housebroken yet. It seemed his wolf side would rather mark territory than do anything else. Whatever. At least he wasn't challenging for dominance of the pack.

Enzyme solution applied and the hallway sparkling once again I went back to my office. I had some preparation to do. This lovely couple was coming in for an adoption interview. They seemed lovely at least. I had to be sure.

I run this facility, you see. These kids are my responsibility and I take that responsibility VERY seriously. They come usually around the same age, between 8 and 11. It's a little like puberty with some exhibiting earlier than others but that's where the similarities stop. They're brought here crying, confused, and convinced they must have done something wrong but they haven't and that's what's so heartbreaking. 

It's the rare family that has both the will and the means to care for a lycanthrope. Assuming everyone survives that first moon when the condition becomes known many things will need to happen.

 The child will have no memory of the events so usually a therapist or social worker is brought in to help them understand the cage being installed over their bed and to help the family cope with the changes to their lives.

Canine behavioral consultants (dog trainers) are usually hired to handle the training. Only the most expensive ones are actually certified to deal with lupine behavior but there is no shortage of pretenders and no parent wants to be seen not doing everything they can for their child.

The ones who end up here are the best, worst case scenarios. They may have killed a sibling or other family member and been sent here not knowing for sure why their loved one is dead and the rest of their family can't bear to look at them. They may have exhibited to a religious family who shunned them. They may have just committed the crime of belonging to a family too poor to afford their care. These can be the most heartbreaking because all too often it starts with regular visits and new moon weekend trips but eventually the excuses start and the visits slow. And then stop.

Whatever the reason, I consider it my duty to make sure these kids are not only cared FOR but know that they are cared ABOUT.

Back in my office I shuffled through a stack of files regarding my prospective adoptive parents. Their finances were well organized, their family history was virtually blemish free. A distant cousin had been a lycanthrope and the husband's father had been treated for some PTSD after serving overseas but nothing eyebrow raising. All in all good candidates for adoption. So why here?

Adoption is a noble pursuit in the majority of circumstances but adopting a child with a known medical condition that will become psychological problems as their developing brains reconcile their dual natures into a single consciousness is an undertaking for none but the most altruistic, desperate or nefarious. Which one were they?

I could rule out desperate. You would think my kids being special needs would make them harder to adopt but unfortunately the problem is relatively new and society's conscience and, by extension, the politics governing the policies have yet to sufficiently evolve so legally speaking one needs little more than what it would take to get a schnauzer out of the shelter to get a child afflicted with this condition.  But there was nothing in the extensive digging I had had done that suggested they were anything but what they appeared to be and what they appeared to be was an ideal candidate for conventional adoption.  I can't imagine they would have had any issues being approved for a healthy child in the main system but there was no record of them having even applied so that meant they wanted one of MY kids.

Make no mistake, they are MY kids. When they come here I am legally responsible for their wellbeing and although that comes with certain protections afforded civil servants in similar positions I hold myself to the standard I would hold any flesh and blood parent. And so despite my having few resources and no directive to do so I conduct thorough background checks on every potential employee, every volunteer and especially every well meaning couple inquiring about adoption.

Often it doesn't get that far. They come in, tell me  about how much they love the idea of showing one of my poor little waifs a loving and stable home and how they've read extensively on the hurdles and difficulties associated with it and think they are the right couple to do it. The reading they've done is all about taming wolves and government mandated home equipment that must be installed for lycanthrope residency. They mean well, they really do but then I educate them on the reality. There's no literature available to tell them how to deal with a sixteen year-old girl in the middle of her monthly cycle who suddenly attacks a stranger in the park because he got too close and she's rejecting him as a mate or an adolescent male marking territory in the middle of the hallway at school. 

They say they may need to talk it over first and then I don't hear from them again.

When it does get as far as me doing my due diligence I go deep. I've been working in this or that government office for almost 40 years and I have friends. I can get tax returns, criminal records, medical histories, you name it. Most don't expect that sort of scrutiny and don't worry about attempting to obfuscate or bury anything alarming. I find out, though.

The biggest red flags are charitable donations to organizations with fundamentalist ties. These types think they can pray it out the child or exorcise it or, in extreme and as yet unsubstantiated cases be sacrificed to some perversion of a divinity. I can't prove it but I won't take the chance either and the upside of an unfeeling bureaucracy is that I generally don't have to justify my denials to anyone.

Altruistic or sinister? I hoped for the former because as much as I cared for each of my kids and would feel their absence, I knew that what I provided here was not a home and it was my duty to find homes when I could for these kids. My digging and my favors and my legwork had produced nothing to tell me there was anything not above board with this couple so that just left the smell test.

And I have a very good sense of smell.

There was a knock at the door and I glanced at my watch. 9:00? Time flies...