It happens from time to time, a paladin gets a little too strong they start to think they have a destiny and are all about championing good. They start messing with the world's balance pushing it too far towards good. That's when the Consortium sends me in. Paladins are easy to deal with when you know how to push their buttons. I am what you would call a rogue, and that's exactly what the group in front of me had been advertising for, and I could see why as they came clanking up to my table. A dwarf cleric, clearly worshipping Hanseath judging by the armor and war-axe branded  with a beer stein. Behind him trying to hide in his shadow was a mousy gnome wielding a staff, a book dangled at her side held there by a chain. I could sense faint traces of magic around here, clearly one of the wizened, this job just got a little trickier. And the final member of the party that approached was my target, if the shining golden armor was any indication. Arrogantly he looked around at his surroundings before loudly shouting at the barmaid. "Wench bring me your finest mead, whilst I meet with the scoundrel who summoned us, and once that is through maybe I can show you the truth meaning of a paladin worshipping the god of vitality." He finished that off by pinching her butt and winking.... This target is one I will enjoy silencing for the greater "good".

"You scoundrel, didst you send a child bearing a letter containing details of how to break into the necromancers keep?" The paladin roared out.

The mousy girl spoke up "Timothee theres no reason to call him a scoundrel he offered to aid us in our quest, he could just be another adventurer wishing to rid the area of the undead. And we could use his help since your plan of frontal assault failed so spectacularly"

"Aye lad you cannae go call'n ereyone ye meet a rapscallion or call'n em evil only te chop off der head a secund lat'r. Ye did dat to de greedy shopkeep last town." Grumbled the dwarf obviously irritated at his companion.

I stepped in hoping to end the argument before it began in ernest. "Yes I reached out to your esteemed group. I've heard tale of the good you did and wished to offer my services after hearing you failed in your assault. You see I know of a hidden way into the castle through the mines. My ancestors were some of the original Mason's who built the castle and a hidden tunnel was made that leads to the back of an unused mine shaft. I can...."  

"Well then tell us the location and we may be on our way, after my liason with the wench of course" The paladin interrupted.

"My Lord, if I may call you that, you do not understand the danger, the tunnel is trapped for those that are coming in from the mine, my family has knowledge of these traps that I cannot easily share, I was offering to lead the way, as unless I missed my guess none of you are experienced in the trap making arts?" I continued ignoring the paladins interruption. 

"Aye lad ye be right, ye sound like a worthy addit'n te the team" the dwarf stated animatedly while clapping me on the back. "I go by Darien, this wee lass is Fidgit, and that there is Timothee the virile" he said rolling his eyes at the moniker. 

"Hold on one minute I haven't said he could join" Timothee said while muttering an incantation under his breath and passing his holy symbol near my body when it didn't glow he seemed startled "All right I detect no evil in his presence, he can join us"

I chuckled at this, what kind of fool doesn't know how to hide their intentions, oh I will enjoy eliminating this person, maybe I'll even give the Consortium a discount.
 "Then the matter is settled we will leave at once for the mine and the hidden entrance within"



There's more I want to write if people are interested but I need to sleep and sorry for formatting issues doing this on my phone is hard

Continued in the comment below I am bad at this whole Reddit thing




