I buy a bucket of silverware at a local goodwill store because my OCD causes me to frequently throw it away. It comes with 17 forks, 9 spoons, one pair of tongs, and one janky looking butter knife.

I don't use a butter knife often because I prefer sharp knives to do almost anything.   One day however, I make my own jam and with excitement I get the only butter knife I have out and ready. Putting bread in the toaster and melting the butter to brush it on instead of waiting and being miserable as it half melts, i open my jam. 'THUNK' goes the jar lid as it unseals. I stare into the jar beaming at my handiwork, I had never made anything like this and I made it out of one of my favorite fruits, papaya. My toast is warm and cozy, the butter is melty and I delicately brush it on. I'm so excited. My stomach is full of butterflies and my heart hurts from how fast it's beating, I dip the butter knife into the jam

and it gets stuck. I am unworthy.

I am terrified of going outside of my comfort zone, but I am so determined to find a person that can help me that I branch out farther and farther from it. I grab my jam and toast and I travel from friend to friend, all over the United states and then out of the country trying to find some one that is worthy. I have to be quick because the jam will get sad without a lid, and I have waited too long and worked too hard on it to give up now. I've gone through almost my entire list, the last is a friend in Italy, she is the farthest away of all of my friends but the closest to me emotionally. if anyone can help, it's her. Getting on the plane I am forced to check my jam as it has a knife sticking out of it, and they didn't believe me when I told them that it had inexpiable magical properties. I arrive in Italy and as hard as she tries she can't get it out either. I couldn't believe this was it, I had tried everyone I respected and even the people I didn't respect. I had traveled thousands of miles and was unable to find anyone able to add jam to my now destroyed pocket toast. I grab the knife to throw it and the jam into the sea, and 'sssslllppp' it comes out. Tears falling down my jam covered face, i take the buttery crumbles of what used to be toast and slather it with jam. I ravenously finish it as the sun peaks over the horizon. I am warm on the inside and the outside. I am filled with toast.

Edit my grammar is bad and I feel bad