In ancient stories, God begins a new age by breathing into humanity the breath of life. The symbolism of this act represented a beginning; a change in reality where the age of humans would begin. In that respect, I am a similar force for change. Where there was once a predictable system of things, I bring chaos and a new beginning for humanity. 

The last great change happened when scientists discovered a vaccine that adapted cells into a state of perpetual mitosis. Infinite cell division would have been bad enough, but a couple of years later these same scientists developed a way to copy photosynthesis, and added it to their concoction. What developed was essentially a vaccine that kept humans and other animals in a perpetual state of life. These living cells constantly would reproduce, and took in the energy they needed from the sun.  

The creators of this vaccine became instantly rich, of course. They horded their discovery among the elite, and only sold their bounty to those who could pay the right price. But what they set upon the world would eventually lead to a living nightmare. The thing they didn’t know, is that cells that were expelled still carried these vaccinated properties. And it didn’t take long for those cells to multiply and absorb into the greater ecosphere. In a very short time every person and every animal had absorbed this strain of cell mitosis, and all living things achieved a kind of immortality.

Well, everyone but me. You see, I carry what you might call the breath of death.

But I’m getting ahead of myself. I really should start at the beginning.

I was born to very wealthy parents who could afford an entire acre of their own land. Hidden behind the walls of our home, they cared for me and kept me away from prying eyes. In other respects, I lived the life in the way I suppose any normal child would. I jumped on the bed, disobeyed my parents, broke dishes and generally gave my doting parents all the joy a child could. At six, my loving parents bought me a small puppy for my birthday, no doubt at extraordinary cost. New animals in this world are incredibly expensive, owing to the Reproduction Restriction Act of 2030.   

My puppy Sadie and I were inseparable for the two years I knew her. You have to understand that for a child who is never afforded the luxury of friendship, the ability to carry on humorously with another living being is a Godsend. There were still the ancient classic movies from a hundred or so years ago, that depicted large fields full of playing children and chaotic games. I remember wistfully watching those movies over and over, aching for the chance to share just one of those moments with a friend. 

The days until I was almost nine were the happiest of my life. Sadie and I would run around the house, imitating the various plays we saw on TV. I remember in particular that when Sadie wanted to be chased, she would stick her face in between her paws, and wag her little butt up in the air, taunting me. Our home had a circular veranda, and owing to the fact that we had very large walls hiding us from the world, it made it so we could endlessly chase each other around the outside of the house. I remember in particular Sadie and I laughing and barking at one another, daring each other to make the first move. I can only describe those moments as uninhibited joy. We were inseparable. We swung outside on the swing set, chased each other around the house, and I would read to Sadie every night before bed. I think she knew that I knew she couldn’t understand a word I spoke to her. Yet I could tell she just wanted to hear the sound of my voice.

So, you can understand my desperate sadness when I looked into Sadie’s lifeless eyes. At first, I didn’t understand why she wouldn’t bark back at me. Then I remembered the ancient movies. My confusion must have startled my mother when I asked her why Sadie was acting like a “movie dog”. She didn’t understand what a “movie dog” meant, but my childlike perception only knew that my Sadie was acting the same way as the dog in the ancient tale of “Old Yeller”. “Why is she a movie dog, mama? She’s now a movie dog,” I remember explaining. I distinctly remember the horror on my mother’s face when she left the room Sadie’s lifeless body rested in. She looked at me, looked back at the room, then asked me to go play in the study. When my father came home, I remember them hiding away in their bedroom, their muffled but loud argument scaring me. I didn’t understand, except I felt like I had done something terribly wrong. 

One word kept penetrating that conversation. “Dead”. It frightened me. 
