Despite the darkness, she was still as radiant as the first time I had laid eyes on her.  She turned her gaze towards me and I swear, for the first time in my entire existence, I wondered if I should have existed at all.  I knew that there was no point in this particular train of thought, I simply existed because she did, but seeing her there again, after all this time, I felt regret.


Regardless of the circumstances, she smiled at me, like someone who had found their long lost childhood sweetheart after so many years.  I would occasionally run into those who welcomed me, though it was far more common to run into those who thought they welcomed me until they came face to face with me.  She, however, as always, was as genuine as could be.  That was the thing about us, we always were genuine, nothing ventured in us lying, nothing gained in deception.


"It's been a long time, hasn't it?" she asked, voice full of nostalgia and as serene as a babbling brook.  "We certainly kept each other busy."  Taking a seat, she crossed one leg over the other, looking from me to the darkening abyss that surrounded us.


I sat down next to her, removing my ten-gallon hat that was pulled down next to my eyes.  If this was going to be it, I was going to drink in her beauty as much as I could in these waning moment, unobscured.  "You can say that again.  I honestly wondered sometimes if I'd ever catch up to you."  I felt dirty, unworthy of her presence, my clothes stained with dust from my many travels, so much dust, both of earth and ash that I would never be clean again.  


A light flutter of a laugh escaped her lips and the melody was unlike anything I had heard since that first day that we began our game of give and take.  "I certainly knew you would eventually.  Everything has its limits, including me."


"Including us." I corrected her, pulling back my duster, unholstering one of my six-shooters.  I looked at the gun in my hand, forged from the pieces of my original scythe, a new weapon for a new time.  "Even then, I had to get my brothers to help me.  To remove any obstacles in the way to eventually find you."  The weapon, while normally holding an infinite supply of ammunition only had two bullets left.  "I first woke up War.  He saw to it that your creations fought against each other, helping me get through their numbers quicker.  Famine I woke up next.  While they were so focused on War, they couldn't be bothered to make sure their resources stayed plentiful.  My final brother, Pestilence, he finished off the ones that were just strong enough to survive War's casualties and Famine's victims.  Until there was no more."


"And then because there were no more, you had to kill your brothers."


I nodded slowly, confirming what she already knew.  "Then I had to kill my brothers.  Their purpose had been fulfilled. I could ask nothing more of them."  


"And the fourth of your six remaining bullets.  It went to Time."


"Yes.  The Clock Keeper was the next step to finding you.  He tried to put up a fight, but with only you and I left, there was no one that felt his presence any longer, so his attempts were futile." I paused to show her that I was not lying, there were only two bullets left.  "Now, it is the end."  


She did not look afraid, nor saddened by the completion of our game of cat-and-mouse.  She was still smiling as though the world as we knew it would just continue on as it always had in the days to come.  Though we both knew that there were no more days to come.  Not for this world.  I stood up, steeling my nerve, afraid that I might turn back if I had to look at that smile anymore.  This had to happen, it had to be finished.  I lowered my hat onto my head one last time, the brim giving me the intimidating look that so many had seen over millennia in different forms.  I looked different to everyone, for some reason, she saw me as one of those cowboys from the old Western movies the humans watched.  They always said that Life had a sense of humor.


She got up as well and embraced me.  I wrapped an arm around her and held her close.  For the first time that I could remember, I felt warmth, I felt love.  "Will it hurt?" she asked, her voice slightly muffled against my chest.  I thought back to the different ways that people had felt my touch over the years, how many different ways I had to make someone meet their end.  None of them were befitting of her.


"Not if I don't want it to hurt," I replied, giving her a reassuring squeeze. "You won't feel a thing, I promise."  


For a moment, in the silence of the abyss we currently were existing in, there was only the sound of the hammer of my gun being cocked back.  "I love you," she said quietly, even though there was only the two of us in all of existence, she still wanted it to sound like it was only to me.  


"I love you too."


I pulled the trigger and she slumped in my arms, only to dissolve into light just as she had begun.  Just like that, my quest had been fulfilled and I began feeling myself unraveling as well, into the wisps of darkness and bits of shadow that I had been made of as well.  One thing bothered me though still.  I knew I'd go away when I killed her.  There can be no Shadow without Light, there can be no Death without Life.  So who was the last bullet for?

---

The gun fell, for who knew how long, as there was no one left who knew of time.  When it finally landed, however, through the abyss, the black nothingness, there was a sound.  A big bang as the gun shot its final round.


A male voice spoke.  "Excuse me, did you drop this?" he asked as he picked up the gun, unsure of its origin.


A female replied. "I did not, it must be yours."


"Do you have a name?" he asked, stunned by the beauty before him.


"Life." she answered, a smile on her lips as warm as the sun.


"Death," he replied, with a tip of his top hat.  She seemed amused by his attire.


And so it began again.  