Hardly anyone noticed they survived the end of the world.  The first missiles were launched out of Kodiak Air Force Base, sixteen ICBMs with Pyongyang as their target.  North Korea responded in kind with a barrage of their medium range variety pointed toward Seoul, which in turn triggered a defensive response on the part of Japan and China. Russia followed suit, lobbing missiles towards Paris, Berlin and Oslo, Iran and Pakistan all toward Jerusalem. 

The missiles crashed into the heart of their target cities, and while there was damage, and a sizeable death toll, the cities remained mostly intact.  

After the dust settled, the only retaliation was phone calls.  There was a paradigm shift in relations, the leaders of all of the nuclear countries in the world joined together with the non-nuclear countries and agreed to form a global coalition, a tribute to peace on Earth. Who attacked whom, why they launched in the place, all of this was forgotten, a new era had begun—the era of the global community.  

For years after, the poorest countries of the world were brought out of poverty by installing green renewable energies, high-speed internet, cutting-edge medical technology and sustainable fishing and farming practices.  The world focused their efforts on betterment, a new enlightenment age had dawned.

One morning off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan a seismic anomaly occurred.  

Brooom. 

The area was prone to earthquakes, but this wasn’t an earthquake.  The timing was right, his hibernation was complete, his biggest fear and only real threat was no more.  

Broooom.  

With all the nukes gone his reign could begin.  The beaches were packed on that July afternoon, but once the ground shook people ran from the beach.  They ran not because of what they felt, but what they saw.  

Broooom. 

His enormous head and sunken yellow eyes broke the surface of the water, followed by another shake of the ground:

Brooom. 

A sickening roar filled the air and a torrent of fire erupted from the monster’s mouth, engulfing the once packed beach.  That was the morning he re-emerged.  This era wasn’t the dawn of enlightenment after all, this was the new age of Godzilla. 
