I pushed open the heavy oaken door, putting my shoulder into it. God damn, who’s in charge of taking care of this place? I thought as the heavy barrier finally moved, throwing dust into my nose and the horrid shriek of rusty iron into my ears. As I opened my eyes, I quickly saw… nothing, as the deep darkness completely owned the room.

Pulling my phone out of my pocket and turning on my flashlight app, I grumbled about taking trips to ancient cities and becoming lost in creepy alleyways as stalkers followed you. As the light shined off what appeared to be a massive stone hammer, then a perfectly maintained longsword, I found myself to awed at the ever more apparent array of ancient weaponry on display.

“Holy shit,” I whispered, turning in circles, examining a shield so polished it may as well have been a mirror and pausing. I looked… different. More roughshod than I remembered, my wet brown hair tossed about haphazardly, framing my eyes on one side as the bags underneath them framed them on the other. My lips looked cracked, my nose bloodied, my beard patchy as if I had shaved it in random places at random times. But I didn’t even have a beard before, I considered apprehensively, before having my attention stolen by a small clank behind me.

As I turned and shined my light at the source of the sound, I watched a shadow begin to fall across the opening I had left when I made my way in. I didn’t have even half a second to consider my next step of action before I saw a long, thin, sickeningly emaciated gray hand reach for the entrance, prompted the door to swing it self shut heavily. Still, I wasn’t about to stand in place while the unexplained and terrifying happened around me, and I began investigating the weapons present a bit closer.

No matter how I looked, the ancient Celtic spears and Roman daggers stained burgundy held no appeal. I hurried down the halls, moving ever further from the entrance, before finally seeing a blade lying forgotten on the stone floor, covered in cobwebs, dust, and surrounded by moss. I wasn’t sure what it was about this weapon, but it appealed to me more than anything else, and so I slowly made my way over.

I reached for the handle and brushed it, recoiling in shock as I felt… something indescribable slide into my mind.

“Ah, finally,” the tendril invading my very thoughts imparted the words on my psyche directly, “someone worthy of wielding me. I have not been used, and hardly needed, since the day Beowulf proved unworthy of me.”

“What the hell?” I whispered, bowing to the undeniable compulsion to pick up this blade. I bent at the knee, grabbing the hilt firmly in both hands and lifting the heavy blade as if it was made of cardboard. “What in the hell is going on in this place?”

“I can not call you long,” what I could only surmise to be the blade itself replied. “I have been waiting for the day the one who needs me would find me and make me useful again. The witches have returned, and you must destroy them, young one. I shall help you in your task.”

“Witches? Witches aren’t real,” I tried to reason, attempting and failing to ignore an apparently magic sword in a building that hadn’t been there yesterday was speaking to me telepathically. I absent mindedly gave the blade a few swings, growing quickly accustomed to how it moved.

“They were only asleep… as I soon must be too. But before that, allow me to tell you my name. You may call me Hrunting.”