I...Chonycror, have a story to tell you, of a story long ago. It all started, when I was already an older dragon, of four thousand and four years old. The wars of my brethren against the humans ended long ago. Even of my great power, I never cared much of the youth of my brethren, as they sought to overpower and enslave the human race.

 To be honest, I even helped the humans in the war in their time of need. And bestowed upon them the power of transformation into a dragon to help win the war. My brothers and sisters called me a traitor. 

 I never cared, humans held a soft spot in my heart, sure they had their frailty, their ignorance, and their mishaps. But don't all living creatures? I enjoyed my watching of them. Their Bipedal walk being one of them, no wings no claws and no fire-breathing. Just...Normal(to them at least).I was once worshiped after the war, as being the "ONE TRUE DRAGON".

 I never cared to be worshiped, I loved my brothers and sisters and was saddened that a lot of had perished but also disappointed in them for going against Mother and Father's wishes. After all, my parents did create everything. Sadly after centuries, I was forgotten as a God and feared as a monster, left alone inside this cave, beside a small kingdom, I believe it was called the kingdom of Unotoria.

 There was a small ridge, with a path up to my cave. I heard with my draconic hearing, that there had been a war with the Unotoria with a kingdom much bigger and powerful than them. One day as I was slumbering, I was awoken to fighting outside my cave.

 Clashing of what I could guess as human steel pressed against each other and what they called "guns" firing off. Apparently, the rumors of my cave were spread further than I thought, and I could hear the retreat of footsteps, aside from one. A man of about twenty-nine, started making labored steps towards me, with my hearing, and knowledge of humans anatomy of conversations and interactions of humans long gone. Four broken ribs, a punctured lung, internal bleeding, and what was left of his left foot.

 No amount of my power was going to save this man. But... he was cradling something in his arms close to his chest. I arose to my full stature as he finally got to me and collapsed and he finally said... "Great Dragon of old...please have mercy, and raise her as your own." He lowered her down onto the ground, with as much strength as he could muster. Before collapsing, he strained..."Eleanor is her name."
'

Author Note: I am no writer, I was drunk tonight and decided to write this. I wrote this on the fact, that maybe I'll write a part 2 if it isn't to crap, and if you guys want more. If so, maybe when I'm sober I'll try again. This is FIRST time writing a story actually. But I do love reading, and this writing prompt sounded beautiful to me.