I stood there, holding the hobo's glasses in my hands, with his lifeless body at my feet. Before he died, he was shouting across the street at something unseen. Real or not, it had clearly shaken him up enough to die there and then.. Curiosity took ahold of me, and I hesitantly slid the old man's shades on and looked over. At first, I saw nothing. But, as my eyes adjusted to the glasses I began to see a tall figure in a dark suit across the street. 

He raised a ghostly hand and motioned for me to come over to him. The dead man's cries echoed in my head.. "No! I did my part, you owe me!! Don't hurt me... Please.." 
And with that, he'd keeled over and died. The figure began to approach me and I got a better look at him. It was a man, late forties at the youngest, with piercing grey eyes almost hidden under a 20's style hat. He stared right at me. I looked back and forth along the streets in terror but Nobody was there. It was just me, him and the body. I turned and ran away, who knows what evils he was capable of. 

He shrieked in a ghastly and inhuman voice that sent shivers down my spine. Surely, someone else had heard that! Unfortunately, I was right. As I ran, I risked looking behind me and saw that three more figures were approaching from the side streets and the joining the chase! Terrified, I ran for the nearest street with any hope of human activity, but I was to be disappointed. All the bars and shops were closed. I cursed myself for choosing 2 AM of all times for taking my daily jog. 

Frantically, I ran for a nearby bridge in hopes that I could shake them off further on. As i crossed, I turned around to see them all standing still, as if afraid to take a step further. I could see them all clear as day now, there was definitely something inhuman about them. Suddenly, my phone began to ring, an unknown number. I thought that if it was my ex, she could at least call the police and help me somewhat. How wrong I was. I picked up the phone and heard a man's voice, smoother than butter. He explained everything, in his own convoluted way. I had been lucky to escape with my life, it seems...