He found her sitting in the shade of the mangroves, staring out over the water toward the last sunset. This was it: the last soul here at the last moment of the universe.

He felt a twinge of guilt interrupting her, but time was running short. "Vita," he said. She gave no signs of having heard him. "Vita," he repeated a bit more loudly.

"Can't you for once in your existence just take a minute and enjoy something?" she responded.

He started to respond, but thought better of it. No sense in arguing with her. He'd won after all. So he could afford to indulge her. He stretched for a moment, then walked casually to her side and sat on the ground next to her. The two of them watched the planet's sun slowly sliding beneath the horizon.

"You know what I have to do, right?" he asked finally.

"Sunsets are a perfect metaphor for what I've been trying to do all this time. They aren't random. There's a scheme to it, the way the colors move from yellow to orange to red before darkness overtakes the whole thing. But if you look closely at any one point, you can't tell where yellow becomes orange, or orange becomes red. And in that uncertainty is beauty."

"Vita..."

"All the life I created. Sunsets. Blazing so brightly."

"Until the darkness comes. Just as it's coming now. Are you ready?"

She finally turned to look at him properly, brushing her hair out of her face. "You were always so serious, Grim. Did you even enjoy it?"

"It never really mattered. Where there was life, there had to be death. Then you went and gave yourself life. Which was cheating, by the way."

Vita scoffed. "You still think of this as a game?"

"What else?"

She rubbed a hand on her chin. "I don't know. Something else. Bigger some how. But I admit, it's been fun."

Just a sliver of the sun hovered above the lapping waves of the ocean. Grim stood and held out a bony hand. "It's time now Vita."

"Just one more minute."

"There isn't that much time. When that sun sets, it's over. No more light. No more life. This universe is at its end."

"No, there must be something after that."

"That's not up to me. I'll take you by force, if I must."

He could barely make out her features as she looked up at him. Her eyes seemed to glow in the growing darkness. She was smiling. "Very well."

She reached out a hand to take his. At the last second, she flicked her wrist, and slipped a flower into Grim's hand.

The sun slipped below the horizon, casting them into a starless night.

A burning feeling began in Grim's hand and spread over his body. He fell to knees, clutching his chest. A painful thumping sound was coming from within. He hurriedly pulled back his cloak to look at the problem. To his horror, he discovered he was covered in flesh.

"You're right, Grim, I did cheat," he heard her say from not far from him. "So how about best two out of three?"

*****

If you enjoyed this, subscribe to [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88) to read more of my prompt responses. 