What a pleasant morning to enjoy a walk. We don't have much of a fall here in the south, unlike my hometown when you would see the incredible change of seasons, more of just the change from being too hot and dripping sweat at 8 AM due to the humidity, not those brisk New England falls I love so much.

I used to walk all the time with my companion; she was always there to help me steady my gait and to keep me from falling. It is odd to see her face turning almost all white with age, but those soulful eyes always cast a gaze upon me to see if I can go any further on a walk, never taking me too far from the house.

I've left the house wearing just light weight shirt and slacks, and despite the morning dew it is still fresh, and I just have a purposeful stride. It seemed so odd as usually, my dog has turned me around by now but today is content for the long walk to the river. My stride is good, my steps not faltering.  My dog looks up to check on me, but no alerts to take my medicine but I see a relaxed face with her tongue out enjoying the walk as much I as have. With age, she, too, had gotten stiff with arthritis but has a pleasant smile with her tail wagging.  I often worry if she would have chosen a life as a service dog had she known what she was in for as a puppy learning all those games. Her veterinarian points out she has had a wonderful life as I am home almost all the time and we I do wonder outside the house, she is always by my side.  Officially she was to retire as a Service Dog at age eight, but no one ever expected either of us to be here eight years later. We both have slowed down but manage to keep going.

She seems relaxed as we walk towards the river, I see joggers run past with ashen white faces. Most mornings people still respond when I greet them with a "Good Morning" but today is different, as everyone seems such in a rush.  Even Hiro seems rushed, and his Golden Retriever doesn't stop to greet us. He starts to say something, but all I see is tears well up in his eyes as he walks past. Odd, but I am not to intrude on his morning solace.  It is still one of the nicest days I remember in years.

My favorite lookout by the river is ahead, and I see a few other people rush past in a hurry. Oh, such is life, but a cyclist almost runs us over with a look of pure terror in his eyes as she speeds past. What has gotten into people I don't know, but often I reflect on family and friends, a roof over our heads, and health.   It is all I need in life; only a fool ask for more.  These days most of those things have gone, but so glad to have my friend by my side. 

As we come around the bend, I have a hard time breathing just seeing her. She has to be the most beautiful women I have ever seen, oh she reminds me so much of Sharon. They same tint of red hair, but Sharon was never able to have children, and I remember she had a niece, but that was years ago and my god she would have to be 60 years old by now.  I'm losing track and get confused at times, but how she makes my heart race. Even my dog is wagging her tail like crazy, which is unusual as she is so reserved about meeting anyone new.  

I look for a moment, and wonder is she was the EMT who came to the house that day. It is all such a blur as I remember walking into the kitchen, next thing I knew was the room was full of people. Later my neighbor said she heard the dog barking in the hallway, but the door was open, and the Ambulance had arrived a minute later.   Serendipity, as falling that morning is what lead to discovering the tumor. Life is strange the way things happen.  That was what six, if not seven years ago. She couldn't have been there. 

As we walk up, I am fixated by her green eyes, as she motions for me to sit down. I am trying my best not to stare, but my eyes deceive me as there is some odd trick being played before them. Sharon with her red hair and those Paris green eyes, this much be a relative of hers, but I haven't been to visit anyone in years, yet her smile is so kind. 

A slow wave of her hand to take a seat. My head is spinning as I notice a pair of joggers run up towards us, look of shock, and they leave immediately.  Just as well as I speechless to be sitting there, the fall colors are so majestic. Odd, I had never noticed the trees had gotten so tall and beyond them seems to be rolling hills. I've been down here many times, but when did the landscape change so much. I've gotten older but forget to enjoy what a magically place this is.

As I turn to talk to her, my mind seems blank for a moment when she asks "Are you happy to see me."  I'm jubilant just to sit next to her, but she speaks in the softest sweet voice I had ever heard. So many years since I have heard spoken French. She has the cutest giggle with Yes, I learned French from your mother, hence the accent. Oh, don't worry we will have all the time in the world to explain everything.

I started to protest that my dog has been my best friend for all these years, I can not go just yet. I have to make sure she is a safe place first. She just looked and explained, no your friend was ready to go a few years ago but never wanted for you be left alone. As I reached down to stroke her fur, I realize her breathing is slowing way down, and as I sat down on the grass with her head on my lap, her breathing was becoming shallower and finally stopped.  Sixteen years old, she is at peace and has been such a good friend.  As my eyes start to well up, the next thing this beautiful lady says "she is waiting for you on the other side of the bridge." 

It is time to go, but what a beautiful day it has been.   So much to be grateful for, but time for me to take a nap next to this sweet friend of mine I have known for the past sixteen years.