A knock rang out on the door. Mrs. Patterson put down the dish filled with fresh pasta and wiped her hands on a kitchen towel as she walked towards the front door. She was greeted by two police officers who had removed their hats and were looking on solemnly. The officer to her left spoke, “Ma'am, my name is Officer Chadley. I’m afraid we have some bad news regarding your husband.”

Mrs. Patterson entered a small confused trance before speaking, “OK, what is the problem?”

The officer to her right picked up her hand and held it tight. “I’m afraid he was found dead at 1400 hours today. I’m so sorry,” said Officer Maddocks.

Mrs. Patterson re-entered her confused state, turning around to look in to the kitchen before turning back towards the police officers. “This must be some kind of mistake. My husband is in the kitchen making pasta. We’re making pasta.”

“May we enter the premises, Ma'am?” asked Maddocks, already motioning to walk in to the house.

“Of course,” said Mrs. Patterson. “He’s right through there.”

Both of the police officers made their way quietly towards the kitchen before stopping at the door. Mr. Patterson stood wide-eyed, looking at the officers in a state of fright.

“Step away from the knife on the counter!” shouted Chadley.

Mr. Patterson remained frozen as the two officers approached him, guns drawn. Officer Maddocks pushed him to the ground while Chadley grabbed at his walkie-talkie.

“We’ve got another one,” said Chadley.

“What is going on?!” screamed Mrs. Patterson.

“I’m sorry to tell you this, Mrs. Patterson,” said Maddocks as he wrestled with her husband, “but this man isn’t your husband, he’s actually a big fuck off horse disguised as your husband.”

Maddocks ripped the wig, fake glasses and moustache from the face of the horse revealing his true identity to Mrs. Patterson. She shrieked and grasped for the nearest counter in a bid to stop herself from collapsing.

“H-h-h … How?!” she asked.

Officer Chadley gently approached her, wrapping an arm around her as she sobbed. “Don’t beat yourself up. The bastards are becoming sneakier as days go by. Somehow they’re able to disguise their monstrous bodies and super obvious horse heads as 5ft 5 human men and women. It’s quite remarkable just how good they are at subterfuge. Especially considering it’s more often than not quite apparent they’re just big fuck off horses in disguise”


****


The phone rang out.

A large novelty hand attempted to pick it up. Then tried again. And again. Eventually, by clamping the phone between two novelty hands, the phone was answered.

“Yes, this is Don Horse. Just calm down. Yeah? OK. Call me back later on. Just call me back later on.”

An attempt was made to put the phone down.

Don Horse awkwardly walked out of his office, his legs being routinely caught between his beach shorts. He trotted in to a room filled with other oddly dressed men.

“Gentlemen, it would appear another one of us has fallen.”

“Who?” asked Carl, who was eating hay disguised as a cereal bar.

“Kevin Horse.”

“Kevin?!” said Lenny, stomping his feet. “He was 4 months deep with the Pattersons. How was he rumbled?” 

“I don’t know. I don’t have all the details yet,” said Don Horse.

“This is one too many,” said Carl. “We’ve got to find out how they keep finding us.”

“Well, according to what we know from on the inside, the police are specifically on the lookout for big fuck off horses dressed as humans,” said Don Horse.

“But that’s absurd,” said Lenny. “Just look how convincing my costume is.”

Both Don Horse and Carl eyeballed Lenny. He was wearing a birthday party hat that was suspended around his head via an elastic band, a pair of suit pants over his front legs, a pair of jean shorts over his back legs, and a cape.

“I think Lenny has a point, Don,” said Carl.

“He really does, there’s no arguing with that,” agreed Don Horse, turning from his two friends. “And while we’re on the subject, what do you think of my new beach shorts?”

“I noticed them before and thought they were very classy,” said Lenny.

“Classy is exactly what I’m going for,” said Don Horse. “I don’t want to stand out at the beach and for everyone to be like, *look at that big fucking massive horse masquerading as human*, I just want to blend in and play volley ball while aggressively fighting all my natural instincts to bite the ball.”

“I always bite the ball,” said Carl.

“He really does bite it a lot. Too much, if I’m being honest,” said Lenny.

“I’ve ruined a lot of game and disguises if we’re being real,” said Carl.

The door to the office burst open, a horse with a top hat and a monocle galloped in.

“Boys, we’ve done it! Tim Horse has infiltrated the police!” 


****


Sergeant Palmer stood at the head of the room with tables of officers in front of him. He paced back and forth before slamming his hand on the chalk board behind him.

“Gentleman!” he shouted, peeling his hand from the board. “I’m not sure if you lot have noticed but we have an epidemic of horses masquerading at humans. In fact, I say this super sarcastically as I know you have all noticed. I’m funny like that. Either way, they’re fucking massive animals. True beasts of nature able to carry man from one side of a county to another. Do sweet hind legged stand up things and gallop super quickly. But now they’re wearing ties and blogging on YouTube and we can’t have that. The horses have gone too far.”

The Sergeant bent over the desk at the front of the room, burying his eyes in the skull of the young officer in front of him.

“Do you want to hear a story, rookie?” asked the Sergeant.

“Y-y-yes, sir,” mumbled the officer.

“Yesterday afternoon a young mother went to pick up her child from Day Care only to discover her beloved daughter had grown eight feet long and now weighed 1500 pounds,” said Palmer, staring deep in to the man’s soul.

The rookie sat shaking in his chair.

“Only it wasn’t her daughter, rookie. It was a big fuck off horse. Just a big old fuck off horse.”

The Sergeant whirled away from the table, “and this is why we need to shake things up, gentleman. We can't just go around looking for horses wearing cool top hats. The top hat tactic can only take us so far."

The room of officers nodded along, agreeing with Sergeant Palmer.

"And that's why we're bringing in a specialist. Someone who can infiltrate the enemy camp and strike at the heart."

The sound of the door opening at the back of the room caught the attention of all the seated officers.

"Say hello to Agent Tim," said Sergeant Palmer.


****


I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.

