I was no stranger to pain. Every day I woke up to the same gnawing anxiety, the same creeping depression, the occasional paralyzing dread. I didn't know the broken dreams that gave me my sorrow, or the monsters that gave me my fear, but the emotions were there all the same.

They were better than nothing. It was hard to describe, but that void scared me more than fear. Mankind was meant to feel, and without those feelings something... else...

I stopped thinking about it. I'd found my solution, and I was going to stick to it regardless of how painful it was.

It had become a ritual of sorts; I'd open the door, get anything from a simple "thanks" to a long hug from a complete stranger, then I'd take my new emotions from the donation box and go about my day. But as I opened the door today, something felt off.

There was nobody standing on my doorstep. Nobody there to greet me. Nobody there to thank me for the relief they felt. I opened the donation box, somewhat expecting to see nothing inside of it. It wouldn't be the first time, but the thought made my mind race, searching for solutions.

Instead, I saw something that looked... different.

It wasn't the jittery yellow of anxiety, the blank gray of depression, the enveloping blue of sorrow, or the dark purple of fear. In the place of the usual, a gentle pink glow greeted my eyes, and my mind reeled as it searched for definition. I hadn't seen anything like it before.

I reached my hand in the box, and lifted the thing towards my face. It felt warm and inviting, maybe a little... fuzzy? I sat down on my front step, taking in its novelty. Suddenly, it cooed, and slipped through my fingers like so much sand.

Two small eyes and a mouth appeared from somewhere inside, forming a face that was looking straight up at me. With a sleepy look in its eyes, it smiled and cooed again.

"What are you?" I wondered aloud.

In response, it opened its mouth and produced a small piece of paper. I knew what it was to regret, and something in my subconscious reminded me that doing unfamiliar things was risky, and could lead to consequences I wouldn't want. Still, the warmth that emitted from the strange creature in front of me urged me forward. I took the paper from its mouth and unraveled it. It was a note, seemingly from whoever left me this emotion.

> Thank you for all you've done, for myself and others. You might not know who we are, but know that you are loved. When I came to your doorstep, my grief, regret, and hopelessness threatened to consume me thanks to a mistake I'd made. A concerned friend of mine told me about your gift and how it might help me. After I left my emotions in your box, I felt a relief unlike I'd felt before. Without the hell that held me back, I was able to live my life. Since then, I've traveled to places I'd never seen, forged and strengthened friendships with a passion I'd never had, and created happiness where it hadn't been before. I learned that we're all born with happiness, but it takes constant vigilance and nurturing to maintain it. Now that I've lived my life, I feel content in giving you a small portion of my happiness so that you might grow your own. I hope you have the opportunity to experience what you've given so many of us, as a small thanks for all of our trials that you've had to endure.

I picked up the happiness, and tears immediately streaked down my face. This is all I'd ever wanted, and I'd never known it. As I pressed the happiness into my chest, I felt a radiance I'd never felt before. The void seemed so distant now, as did the pain I'd lived off of for so long. I'd keep the note's author's thoughts in mind, but for now I couldn't contain my newfound excitement and glee.

I whooped aloud, and bolted down the street, hoping to shake the hand of the person who'd granted me my salvation. Such was my energy that I ran around my street block, taking in the green of the grass, the blue of the sky, the freshness of the air, and the warmth of the sun for the first time in my life.

I stopped when I saw the accident.

A small crowd had gathered around a car that had crashed into a telephone pole. The driver had been ejected through the windshield. His gray hair covered his face, as he lay completely still. A blank look on my face, I drifted to the front of the crowd, and though I didn't recognize the man, I knew him as though we were one in the same.

A weight gathered in my chest, like an anchor mooring me to familiar painful shores. A pink glow emitted from my chest, and dropped to the ground. As I stared at it, a spot of deep blue grew across its body. It coughed, emitting a purple smoke. It lay there on the ground for a moment that seemed like an eternity, then faded away.

I shuffled aimlessly back to my home, vaguely aware that the small crowd followed me. As I got to my door, I heard the creak of the box lid opening and closing. I didn't look back, all of the energy I'd had was gone in an instant. I slumped to the ground in the kitchen, no longer possessed by the emotions needed to shed the tears I so desperately needed to rid myself of.

Consciousness left me as I drifted into the vague haze of thoughts that traversed my mind. Some fleeting, others weighed me down like a stone. It had been a long time since I'd drifted through the void of my mind.

Then I saw the glow.

A small pink patch beckoned to me. As I wandered towards it, I become more and more aware. I reached it, and as I pulled it close, emotions exploded through the void, erupting through my mind and bringing me back to my senses.

I have no idea how long I spent on that floor. I was filled with a new purpose. No longer would I claw at the pain of others to escape the void. I finally had the anchor to reality I needed. In a short time, I'd learned 

His happiness couldn't survive in me, but I made a vow to his memory that mine would.