Peter entered his dorm, exhausted from work. Today was a nightmare in terms of retail. 

"Fuck Black Friday." He muttered under his breath. His roommate, Karl, had it even worse, as he seems to be still working at this late hour. Peter, eager to blow off some steam on video games, opened his laptop and turned it on. Just as it was booting up, Peter heard a quiet, almost near silent sound, like a piece of paper being pushed on the carpet. Peter looked around, finding a pink piece of paper on the floor about three feet from the closet.

"What's this? This wasn't here when I came home." Peter commented to himself. The paper was folded in half, so Peter opened it up.

'There's writing...' He thought. He began to read the message, getting surprised and confused as he did.

"Woah..." He said. "No way...."

Another paper appeared at his feet. Peter picked it up, now aware that he wasn't alone in the apartment. 

"Karl? You better not be messing around again!" Peter warned, perparing himself to open the closet door. He took a deep breath and opened the door as quickly as he could. There was a short Japanese girl sitting in the closet, giving Peter a look of utmost adoration. Not expecting the girl there, Peter yelled and stumbled backwards,  almost tripping on his Physics textbook.

"What the hell!? What are you doing in my closet!?" Peter demanded uneasily. The girl stood up and got out. She could not have been more than 5 feet tall.

"I was waiting for you Peter." She said. "I've been waiting for such a long time for you~"

"How long were you in there?" Peter asked.

"Oh around two hours." The girl said. "I got to make sure I catch you."

"Who are you anyway? How did you get in here?" Peter said, frustrated. 

"Oh silly me!~" The girl said happily. "I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Ayame. I'm your new girlfriend."

"I don't need a girlfriend." Peter retorted. Ayame tilted her head to the side, takinh out a bloody knife.

"You don't have a choice, Senpai~" She drawled. Peter gasped in horror.

"What the FUCK!? Why is that knife bloody!?" Peter exclaimed.

"Oh some girl came over, waiting out side the door. I figured she was a rival, so I took care of her." Ayame replied offhandly.

"You murdered Karl's girlfriend!? What the Hell is wrong with you!?" Peter shouted. "I'm calling the police!"

"No you are not." Ayame said. She threw the knife at Peter's phone, which was in his hand. The knife went between Peter's ring and middle fingers to destroy the phone in his hand. He yelped and tripped on his textbook, landing on his bed.

"Let me make myself clear on one thing, Senpai." The crazy girl said. "You are mine, forever and always. And you can't do anything about it."

"Oh yeah!? Try me!" Peter said as he made his way to the window of his dorm. He opened it and attempted to jump out and make a run for it, but Ayame grabbed him and pulled him back in.

"Oh no you don't. You still haven't ravished me yet~"

"Noooo!!!"

r/Venator77prose