”When I was a smidge of the age I am now, my parents gifted me... it. H-143; I suppose he’s male, if I were so audacious to proclaim it had a gender. Regardless, it’s always aggravated me. It was faulty, occasionally had errors like a spelling mistake or a misjudgment, thus it’s easily to believe it wasn’t much of an official product. There’s only one regulated brand of H-Unit Companion; among the thousands only the richest can claim they own an official H-Unit.

That’s why I find it annoying. I’m part of the 2%; my parents left me $70b when they died! They bought this uselessness a year before they left me behind, so why gift me such a faulted and stupid companion! I guess they must’ve never loved me.

I still have it around our of sentiment; despite the many argumentative disruptions to our family bond, I cherished them before they went. Apart from the house, the wealth and the Island there’s not much that important left. So I keep this outdated H-Unit in my house’s compartment. All times it lays upon me. Ready for unnecessary deployment at any times. Although I noticed a small damage to add to the list of major damages. It’s compressor is mis-wired, it doesn’t recognise my voice sometimes; the hair has greyed and it’s skin wrinkled. I don’t know how much more it could take. 

I guess I ought part my ways. 

If you’re watching, and I know you are, this is EX-NH-2138. I’m parting ways with my device, I’ve had it for years.”

He took it downstairs and downstairs again. To the base of his mansion he ventured to return his beloved H-143 to a place where its ill-mannerisms can rest once more.

As he glides through each dim lit corridor, he trips and slides down the step. It was steepened, almost sharpened my the heel of his sandal and he and his companion were sent flying.

“Shit! God bless that hurt!”

He was cut on his lower forearm. He was so unenthusiastic about venturing outside or away from his chambers that he had never experienced a pain like it. 

A lack of blood was mis-matched by his companion, who had a mimicking cut.

He bled red; It bled spark.