One thousand years. It’s been a millennia since I discovered the secret to eternal life. All those years ago, I was the one man to greet death as an equal.

I expected the typical black robe and scythe, but here was this normal, if somewhat tired looking man standing before me. “Congratulations, I could never have expected someone to work out the ritual.” He looked over the remnants of my evening activities, the candles mented into pools of wax, the skull of a wild boar shattered. The bodies of three individuals, knives in their hearts. 

“My condolences.”

“Condolences?” I said astounded, I bested you, it is you who needs pity. He shook his head, and pulled a small charreds scroll from his jacket pocket. “Your contract, the deed to your fate which dictates how you would have died, even now it crumbles and I am powerless to stop it.” I merely smiled and suggested that if this was a ploy to make me reconsider immortality, it was a poor one.

“No ploy, no gimmick, no ruse. They are useless as you are truely beyond my power, however I do have one final gift for you.”

He handed me a small black card, with contact information on it.

“When you realise immortality was a terrible mistake, contact me, I may have use for one such as you.”

The years passed and I watched my family grow old, Even the woman I took as my bride. Alas, the yearning of the heart cannot be ignored. But my wife died, as did my kids, and theirs. Most of theirs I had to watch from afar, my unaging body began to cause questions, so I faked my death in a sailing accident, made it look like I died while sailing home from an archeological discovery in a far off desert. It was dangerous times for a scholar such as myself.

I tried to keep my finger on the pulse of the common man, I was finding it harder to relate with mortals as centuries. I spent most of my free time studying. Mathematics, history, agriculture, and eventually, psychology. I used my latest interest to try and keep me acclimated with the rest of humanity. Under an assumed name I got several degrees in psychiatry, and started a practice.

As it turns out, this was a terrible idea. Didn’t these people realise how short their time wads? How could they afford to worry about trivial things like childhood trauma or workplace discrimination? What little connection I had with humanity snapped. I quit my job and found myself here.

Standing in my living room

Looking at deaths card.

“When you realise immortality was a terrible mistake, contact me, I may have use for one such as you.”

That is what he told me, oddly the card had a phone number, despite it predating such inventions.

The phone rang twice, he never picked up, just spoke from behind me.  “Finally had enough?”

I jumped from the sudden presence, and spun to face him, he looked the same as ever.

“These people, they are so petty, so… small. They complain of little things and call their collection of nuisances a life. I can’t relate with them anymore. “

Death nodded knowingly.

“Is this the part where you finally kill me?”

He shook his head

“I can’t, you made sure of that. You really will never die.” I growled in frustration, asking what was the point in summoning him if he couldn’t kill me?

“To chat with the only other immortal, your only escape from your torment, but it comes at a price.” For the first time in a thousand years I was afraid. This was my opportunity to relate with someone, but what could death require of me?

“I… I can’t be alone anymore, whatever you need, I’ll do it.” Death smiled, and quietly walked over to my living room couch, laying down.

“Well, I’ve just been feeling really stressed with work, you know?”

My jaw hit the floor, here was death, a primal force of the universe, coming to me for psychiatric care?

He starts talking, about how the job was easy at first, but the more tragedy he witnessed the more his heart broke. The faces of mothers watching children dying of cancer, every face haunted him. But the world is a cold unforgiving place, and the consequences for not taking them would be severe.

I had never considered the toll such a job must have, but here was a man who witnessed every tragedy, every heartache, he spoke of wars thousands of years before I was born, of being in hundreds of places at once on any given battlefield. He spoke of how tired he was during the plague, a nightmare I too was familiar with.

Not having mortal needs of food or sleep, I listened for almost a week straight, and when it was over, this cosmic entity, one whom I saw as a challenge in my foolhardy youth, and as an oppressive destructive force most of my life, know saw him for what he truly was. Not a necessary evil, but a necessary consequence, with a damned man serving as the heart of it.

I handed him a tissue, and he blew his nose. “Thanks, I needed that.” He said to me.

“Comeback next month okay? It’s important your next session happen soon.”

“Thanks again doc.” He throws the tissue in the trash and vanishes.


