Back when teleporters first came out people had a lot of questions. At first they only teleported objects and then animals. When the prized puppy came back just fine after the vet took out the dog's junk, people started warming up to the idea. 

Now they're in every country on several planets, they've replaced airports and space travel, they' re in front of every major business, government building, city centre and the worst some people have to do is travel by self driving cars for a bit to get to their local teleportation device.  

You might have heard of "The Teleportation Conundrum and The Soul" question before, but in case you haven't, let me jog your memory:

When you stand in the teleporter it will take apart your body, transform it into information and then use that information to rebuild it in another area. It is rebuilt as soon as possible only a few seconds lagging behind the decomposition of your first body. People used to ask themselves, does that mean I died and was reborn? Is the same person standing in the second teleported me, or just a copy? But what about if it misses some information, some inexplainable bit of information we can't yet record, trace or understand? Some people might call it a soul. Would you risk travelling to place you'd never see in your lifetime, miss out on experiences you could never grasp without the technology or be bogged down by the inconvenience of regular space/time travel while everyone else benefits from the instant gratification of not having to pack themselves into a bus? Would you do it all in the name of an unlikely possibility of protecting your soul when you don't even know it exists?

It turns out that once pets were just fine, no one cared about their possible soul. Well, expect the Amish. 

The thing about teleportation is that we employees of Teleco^tm learned to explain everything in vary neutral terms when it was just a start up. We learned to say that you "become information" and are "rebuilt almost instantly." Truthfully, whatever matter in the machine is hot flashed out of existence and then cloned. 

That includes people. 

It wasn't always that way. Back before it was Teleco^tm, when the five founders were in college, they created their first machine. It didn't remove the first object from existence. It cloned it. They got a box and cloned it five feet away from the first one. I know because I was a fucking lucky janitor to witness that. I was so gobsmacked I didn't let out a peep. I didn't know it at the time, but that was another stroke luck.

The founders could have used their first machines and not removed the first object from existence. I know they were working hard to improve the machines and I head hushed conversations about how tight grant money was getting. I try not to think about that too much.

I know they tried to improve it, when it was first created. Somehow there were some accidents and this lead the five founders to turn into two. I didn't ever find out what happened to the three other engineers but I do know that a few times when I was cleaning the lab there was a particular smell of pork for a few days right before and after the incident. 

Angelica Rothchild and Afolabi Awolowo were the only two left. I ended up talking to them casually one day when they were working late. I really should say, Angelica and Afolabi Awolowo. They got married soon after the accidents and started Teleco^tm. It was right around the time they hired me. 

It beat the hell out of being a janitor. 

I never was put into sales specifically nor did I play any particular role in the company aside from cleaning but they gave me a fancy title and had me run basic errands. I was Lead Implementation Specialist. Basically, I filled in where ever they needed someone. 

I thought it was great at the time. It never occurred to me what cleaning up after a Teleco^tm really would entail. I also never had a lawyer look over the NDA when they flashed dollar signs in my eyes. 

If they had created a time travel device, I would go back in time and slap myself. 

My most important job in the company was cleaning and keeping my mouth shut. Sure, I grabbed coffees, helped set up computers in their new office and took calls occasionally but I mostly helped to clean the automated factory when it was first started because the double A duo wouldn't trust many people. 

As the company grew and they were able to automate everything, they started teaching me about how the machines worked. That way, I could go out a fix any damage. They were built pretty strong and honestly, for the first 10 years, they didn't seem to need much help. I thought it was pretty weird but I figured they were smart enough to invent teleportation, so I didn't question it. 

It two days ago that they pulled me away from my vacation in Vegas to fix a teleporter in California. The thing was, when I got there, nothing seemed a miss. I checked everything over and it was just fine. I left them a message after two days of trouble shooting and decided to hop back to Vegas. Just to be sure I put a sign on the outside of the teleporter showing that it was under maintenance. A few more days of all you can eat buffets and gambling would help clear my mind.

I figured out what was wrong as soon as I tried to get back. After the typical flash, I was still in the machine. I got out and after releasing a stream of profanities, I left to take a walk and cool down. 

When I got back, I saw myself exit the machine. A chill went down my spine. I always knew what these were, but I had never thought too hard about it. Only this version of me had a gun. 

I turned tail and ran. 

Creating a replicator machine, well that's just not how capitalism works.  