"What the fuck was that?" He seemingly randomly exclaimed, sitting up on the couch. 

"Hm?" She was deep in the recesses her phone, scrolling through countless recipes and pictures of food that had no chance of ever being made. 

"You didn't see that?". Stupid question. See above. 

"No". 

"Did you hear that?"

 "No."

"Fucking....computer mouse just popped up and moved across my field of fashion and....cant believe you didn't see that. It fucking made a click and everything. Are you serious? You really didn't notice." 

"Nope."

 Oh my God, this is the greatest day of my life, Michael thought. This is the day all his problems went away. He could finally come home and relax. No more constant harass. No more interruptions. No more arguments about whose turn it was. Finally free to spend time doing what he wanted and talking about what he wanted. It hadn't been like that in over a year. Then he thought, holy shit. They would actually be able to have a normal romantic life again. No more interruptions. This truly is epic, he thought. 

"What happened? She asked, her interest peaked by his silence. 

"Naw, nothing, I don't know, fucking, mind playing tricks on me. I'm tired. Been a long week."

 "Yeah, me too, I could just curl up with my book and go to sleep." 

"Yeah...or........" He said, sliding his hand down her arm and under her shirt, with an over exaggerated wink. 

She rolled her eyes, "you know we can't in here, we always get interrupted." 

"I'm almost positive we won't this time...." He said, putting on his most serious and devilish face. 

The next morning he woke up and went to get a drink from the fridge. Ah, what a great fucking night, he said aloud. 

"Good morning" , she wrapped her arms around him. "Last night was great, can't believe we went so long". 

"Told ya." 

"Did you feed kitty?"

 He paused.....looked up and stared straight ahead. 

"Yes. I fed the cat." 

"Okay good, where is he? My little kitty is so cute! I need to hold him!" 

"I saw him a minute ago.....uhh...hes around. You know how he is."

He could probably keep this facade up for a day, two at the most, maybe whatever the hell happen would clear itself up or become more apparent. But then he decided he didn't care. Fuck that cat, little bastard, he thought. 

Just then he turned around and there it was. The mouse clicker hung deftly in the air, hovering above the kitchen table. He froze. She was at the sink, washing her hands, sunlight glistening off her long auburn hair. 

The cursor began to move. 

"Wait..fucking...just wait a minute! What the fuck, wait!"

"What?" She said, startled, turning around. 

The mouse moved over her and hovered on her chest. 

He closed his eyes. "Fuck." Then heard a click. 