When I first realized what I had, I began to put just about anything I could into the bag.  Sure, stuff with obvious purposes -- rope, matches, a tent, first aid -- but then when you realize that a Bag of Holding is effectively *infinite* portable space, the necessity of the item becomes moot.  I've got stupid stuff in here, like smashed wing mirrors I found lying in the street.  Any stick that I thought looked funny or smelled good.  Food.  *FOOD.*  Like, it comes out the exact same condition it went in.  Leave a banana in there for months, it comes out a banana.  It doesn't like certain things though... certain living things.  I can put a whole wasp nest in there and get a whole angry wasp nest out... but you put a cat in there and it doesn't disappear to wherever everything else goes.  It's just a cat in a bag.

The funny thing about a magical Bag of Holding is, it has a sort of mind of its own.  When you reach your hand into the bag, it's not like you're fumbling through a pile of junk in the dark, or even thumbing through well-organized shelves of collected items.  You reach your hand into an apparently empty sack and you find one item in it, at the bottom.  You don't ask for the item.  You don't think about something special or say any magic word.  You just reach your hand in and get what you get.  And, no shit, it's exactly what you need *every. single. time.*

Like most of the time it gives me what I wanted anyway.  I show up to a party and pull out a bunch of ice-cold beer and piping hot wings because that's what I needed for the party.  It just falls together.  Sometimes it makes you think, like... this one time I can't find my car keys.  I reach into the bag, and pull out a big sharp rock.  So I put it back, pull out a hammer.  Put it back, pull out a brick.  I'm thinking "What the fuck bag, seriously?"  So finally I just get pissed off and I cock this brick back and a spotlight hits me.  There's this cop in the shadows watching me fish through my bag and getting ready to smash my windows in, but I explain to him what's up and reach in for my wallet -- nailed it -- and he helps me jimmy it open.

Honestly that part kinda scares me, like... it knew what I needed for that situation, right?  So... alright back when I was packing it full of stuff I put a loaded gun in there... because I thought, you know, it's nice to be able to pull one out if I really need it.  But now I'm fucking terrified that one day I'm just gonna be like... standing in line at the bank or sitting down at a cafe with my mom, and I'm gonna go for my wallet and the bag is gonna hand me a fucking gun, and... like what the fuck do I do then?