"How?  He says to me.   How, after so little time?"

I looked at him, his radiant gaze not blinding me as it did when we first spoke.  I could tell that he wanted me to say it, to realize what it was that had finally brought all of this together, what it was that had facilitated such a change in the world below.   I could tell he knew, from those soft, sad eyes.   Eyes that all loving parents have at some point or another.

"Well, I was angry with you when you gave me this chance.   Angry that you let them exist in ignorance but gave them such amazing gifts.   Free will.   Souls.   Things I understand here, but that they can only scratch the surface of from down there.

So, I looked down with this new gaze, and I tried to teach them, teach them that they could be like you are, or like I am.   But you made them so ignorant that they don't even know what it is that they do wrong!  They stand bare before my sight, unaware of the waste that they are!   Free will!   You gave them choice!   And what do they do with it but play and wonder and achieve nothing but to display their own ignorance!

So, I just convinced them to do what you always forbid them from doing!   I gave them understanding.   I gave them the truth."

He looked saddened now.   Disappointed at me.   And in a flash I realized that he had seen all of this.   There was nothing I could do that he hadn't always known, no trick I could pull on him.  Whatever I did had to have already been accounted for and worked into his plan.

I felt his voice as much as I heard it.

"Love is always a choice.   It cannot exist without an alternative.  I know that you cannot accept them, flawed and broken as they are, and I know that the reason you cannot accept them is because of the gift I gave them.  I made you to create beauty, and gave you a spark of choice to do so, but I have always known you would come here, to this point in eternity, and do this thing, to try to destroy my favored creation."

"Humans aren't worth being your favored!"

The words burned on my lips, and his sad look burned at my temper.   I knew he'd made up his mind.  I knew I'd fight anyway, even doomed to fail, because I wanted to bloody him, to make it hurt, just like I'd been hurt when he passed over me for these creatures.

When I felt and heard his voice this time, the sadness and finality of it almost overwhelmed me.

"I am sorry Bringer-of-the-dawn but you cannot stay here any longer."

I snarled out one last retort, I still wanted to hurt him.

"I hate you!"

He didn't look sad or hurt as I hoped he would, instead I saw something I couldn't stand.  Pity.

"That is your choice.  Love is always a choice.  They have been given a new choice to make, and am not saddened because I know them.   They will find beauty and love in my creation, even if surrounded by hate and desolation at times, they will prevail in the face of struggles.  They will create villans and heroes among their own kind.   And through their conflict they will create beauty, and learn love.  You will continue to fight and rebel and you will drive the worst to action and the best to counteraction.  They are my children, and they will find the way.   Goodbye Lucifer."