It's a nice feeling to be adored by billions. Everywhere I go people know me and I haven't had to pay for a meal in months. Yes, it is a feeling like no other.

This morning I felt a little more thankful of my luck. See 3 months ago I found my shower incepted in my brain the idea of curing cancer and the next month the knowledge to cure world hunger. In three months I became a God. No doubt I will be the most known man in human history. The perks of being a God you might ask. Well one is sleeping next to me. She is a scientist trying to cure diabetes, I think.. I could never really wrap my brain around science stuff anyways. Lucky for me no one cares too much about your background when you're giving them cures. This blonde beauty with looks and a brain is a nightly ritual for me. I usually send them packing in the morning after some breakfast and a round 2 under the sheets. However,  this one I actually feel like seeing again.

Yes, today I am feeling extra thankful. I think I'll get up and make us some breakfast and coffee. I have to be quiet and surprise her before she wakes up. I've actually gotten good at sneaking out of bed and quietly preparing a healthy breakfast. Today was no different.

Ah,  a full fridge. It's beautiful to see. I'll quickly prepare this and get it upstairs. 

As John is preparing breakfast he hears the sound of running water. John had forgotten to tell her the upstairs bathroom was not to be used. John ran up the stairs to go check. As he opened the door he found the blonde scientist naked in the shower. She had an expression John knew all too well. She had an idea. 

"John!" the blonde screamed. "I've figured out the cure to diabetes!" 

I looked at the blonde with a smile. "Finish off your shower and I'll be right up with breakfast."

John walked down the stairs calmy. He walked into the kitchen and grabbed the sharpest knife he had. Walking upstairs, john could only think about how he was the chosen one to find cures for the world. Afterall it was his shower. He walked into the bathroom took off his clothes and hopped in behind her. The blonde had her eyes closed, but got excited that John had decided to enter the shower with her. 

"Oh John, take me here" she said. 

But before she could figure out what was about to happen,  John slit her throat. He washed himself of the blood and hopped out.

I guess I have to find a different method to keeping this door locked. A wonderful day ruined.