**\[Part 1 of 2\]**

&#x200B;

"Ooh, that smarts! Are you certain there are no better ointments?"

"We are hardly a week from your tournament, my prince. Would you rather a lame sword arm carry you through?"

Xavier sighed, running his left hand through his hair. Waves of pain roiled from his right side, as though a sledge were further breaking his bones then knocking the shards back in place. Mollie was gentle with each pat and rub of her medicine-soaked cloth, but even the slightest touch of the aged maid's secret concoction threatened a jolt of agony shooting through his chest. He can still recall the first time she treated him thusly, at barely seven summers old when his leg was nigh shattered after falling from a tree climb. In but three days time it was as though he'd never broken the leg to begin with. To this day, he stil has no idea what the ingredients are, or how she can procure them with a head maid's meagre pay and little free time. She never told, and he never asked.

"Now then, won't you tell me what is bothering you?"

"Pardon?" His eyes peeled away from the window. Focusing on a tree outside had only marginally helped the pain.

"For nearly twenty summers now, I've raised and cared for you," she mused, evenly spreading the clear potion over his arm in slow and measured strokes. "I have not grown blind in my age yet, my prince."

"That is true," he admitted, wincing. "My apologies, I forget who I am talking with."

"Come now, no apologies. Will you not answer? You've no need for your princely visage at this time, no?"

For a short moment, all that could be heard was the shuffling of the maid's clothes and the occasional breath of discomfort from the prince. But Mollie did not rush for another question. Her eyes appeared wholly focused on the task before her, dutifully rinsing the used cloth in water before retrieving a second, clean one to soak in more medicine.

Finally Xavier broke the silence, his words deadly even. "You... know the ceremony from earlier this week, yes?"

"Aye," she responded without looking up.

"Then you have heard the rumors already? Of my patron?"

"I have."

A ghastly chill swept through the prince's room. The sun continued to shine through the window, yet the light seemed to bring no warmth. Mollie's eyebrows went up slightly as a dark mist crept from Xavier's broken arm, seeping through his skin and falling to the floor like heavy fog. Where the fog swelled around her knees a numbness took hold, slowly encroaching upon the rest of her lower leg. The mist stopped falling, and began to condense, swirl around his arm as she pulled herself back. Between the folds and twists of the black maelstrom, glimpses of bone could be seen. Two points of the arm in particular were snapped apart, leaving it in three uneven pieces.

"I see," she said, her raised eyebrows her only sign of disturbance. "So they are true. You are the chosen herald of Her Imperious Departure, Death."

"Aye." Just as quickly as it came the mist dispersed, and returned both the flesh to his arm and the warmth to the room. "That I am."

Barely a second passed before she blinked and simply said "The maids' gossip is not always farce."

Xavier's mouth hung a moment. "Wait, you are no- ack!" It took great effort to not draw his arm away in response to the medicine cloth once more dabbing his arm. "This does not shock you?"

"I cannot say it does," she said with just as little ceremony, careful not to jostle his arm as it flinched. "You are quite bothered though."

"Of course I am," he sighed. "All my life I've devoted much and more of time spent in towns far and wide, seeking people for whom succor was found wanting. Easing the sick and weary, praying for the passed. For weeks I'd guessed a healer or traveler such as Appolo or Hermes may choose me their champion. The townspeople, they saw in me a friend and fellow. Now I heartell of treachery and hidden darkness, as though cloak and dagger were always at my shadow. Even my siblings, they...."

His face drooped, mouth dry. "I've... never seen brother Lyndon so furious. He declared me a curse, a blackguard. He raved and raved about knowing full well the truth of my patient rebellion against our king and father, and called this injury a merciful punishment for even daring exist. I'd thought us closer than any other, and now he refuses my barest company, let alone the chance I speak to him."

Mollie chanced a glance up, to see Xavier's eyes glossy, lost and alone. Not a whit of physical pain. "Why?" he uttered. "I've little and less to offer one like Death. To date I've done naught but steal from Her grasp. Beyond my prayers for the departed, I seldom even acknowledge She exists! Is that why? Does She seek to punish my hubris, for believing I may be above Her even when I know I am not? I turn these questions from dawn to dusk and find no answers. Where is the sense in this anointment?"

His final question latched onto a deadened silence. 