“Too much?” I looked into the mirror and adjusted my tie for the third time in the last ten seconds.

“Too much?” My father repeated surprised “The Bordenos don’t do too much. Whatever we do is just right.” He reached up and tried to adjust the tie. His hands shook vigorously, his actions only messing up my tie more.

“It’s not the Bordenos anymore dad, we’re the Whitmans.” He pulled on my shoulder turning me away from the mirror and towards himself. I could see the pain on his face.

“We’re always gonna be the Bordanos.” He held one of his sausage finger an inch away from my nose. The finger shook involuntarily.

“You packing?”

“Of course pop.” I pulled at the edge of my suit coat revealing the butt of the .38 I had been gifted by Chino for my 17th birthday only a few months ago. He furrowed his brow and lowered his hand.

“What the fuck happened to the .45 I gave you?”

“It’s a date dad I’m not knocking on the Fegatzi’s front door.”

“They run half of the city, and got the half of the cops in their pocket. Any door you knock on could be theirs.” Worry consumes his face. He held his hands up. They were still shaking uncontrollably as they always would. His left hand had no fingers left on it. “You can never be too careful.”

“I know pop.” I placed a hand on his shoulder. He placed his good hand on mine and patted it. The worry left his face and he managed a smile.

“She cute?” He winked.

“She’s a real sweetheart pop. Smart, witty and she has great taste in men.” I winked back at him turned towards the door.

“Don’t even think about walking out of this house without kissing your mother.” He shouted after me.

“Wouldn’t dream of it pop.” I turned into the kitchen. My mother was stirring the sauce that she’d been working on since this morning. “I’m taking off Ma.” She put her spoon down and turned.

“Be a gentleman Tony.” She embraced me in a hug. “You packing?”

“Jesus Ma, yeah I’m packing.”

“You better be praying if you’re gonna say his name in this house.” She released me and made the sign of the cross.

“Sorry ma, I’ve got the piece Chino gave me.” I tapped my chest where the gun was

“What happened to the .45 your father gave you.”

“Jesus ma, I-” A swift hand reached up and latched onto my earlobe. Pain surged through my head as she pulled me closer.

“What did I just say?”

“Ow, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” She released my ear and pointed a finger at me.

“Behave yourself.” She gave me a kiss on the cheek and went back to her sauce.

“I will Ma.”

The brakes squealed a little when I pulled up to the house. I threw her in park and stepped out into the street. The house was huge, complete with a front gate, a Caddie in the driveway and a lawn that would make Calvin Coolidge jealous. I pulled the .38 snub nose revolver out of its holster and flipped the cylinder out, spun it and flipped it back into place. Pop always taught me to check my piece every time I get out of the car.

Returning it to its holster, I got out of the car and walked up to the front gate. A big golden ‘F’ smack in the middle of it. I pressed the little black button on the electronic box one time.

“Uh, I’m here to pick up Rachel.” I waited. Nothing. I pressed it again. “Hello?”

Again, nothing. A moment later the box began emitting a noise.

“If you wanna talk you gotta hold the button down kid.” Sound stopped coming from the box. I placed a finger on the button and held it.

“Thanks, uh, I’m here to pick up Rachel.” Silence

“Who are you?” The box asked.

“I’m Tony Whitman, I’m here to take Rachel out.”

“She’ll be out in a minute.” The box went silent.

“Alright then.” I said to myself. I reached into my pocket and pulled out a cigarette, tucking it into my lips. With the other hand I pulled out a match and struck it on the gate.

I was anxious. As I paced back and forth in front of the gate, I couldn’t stop thinking about Rachel. She was incredibly good looking and every guy in school was trying to go steady with her. What made me any different? I didn’t have money, and I’m a pretty swell guy, but I’m no movie star. I couldn’t mess this up, because I wouldn’t get another chance if I messed this up. I needed to get into that house. Don Fegasi had to die.

The most beautiful girl I’d ever seen came out of that mansion. It might as well have been a castle and she, a princess. The red dress that she wore extended to just below her knees, her hair in an updo and a small red wallet looking thing in her hands. Dark hair, clear skin and blue eyes that kicked my heart into overdrive.

The front gate opened, cutting the golden ‘F’ in half. She walked out of the gate and strait up to me and greeted me with an adoring smile.

“Mister Whitman.”

“Miss Fegatzi”  

Continued in 10 mins

&#x200B;