I stood there, staring at the watch on my wrist as I partially heaved in anxious disbelief.

For what felt like an hour of standing in shock and the middle of a very realistic lucid dream, I barely managed to arrange something in the form of a cognitive thought as I looked down to observe my arms and hands. My skin had become a much more earthy brown, my body nearly feeling as if it might collapse from it's thin and nearly frail physical nature. I stared across an unfamiliar street to what appeared to be the ground floor of a large building, possibly a skyscraper.

My mind reeled for answers in the moment, almost too distracted to notice the loud crunch of a truck's metal frame as it seemed to slam into the side of the building adjacent to the one I had been cluelessly staring at. My mind was already refusing to accept the completely unbelievable situation that had been given to me, thus my first instinct of this being some sort of insane dream jumped to the front of my mind.

As I started to speak, I immediately noticed something was wrong.

"Hey, hey!" I shouted, in a voice that was unrecognizable to mine. It was something close, as if I was someone else trying to do a fair imitation of my original voice. The tone, the accent, and the intent were as natural as anything I would have normally said, but all the more frightful that it was not my natural voice. I gasped and nearly choked in surprise as I went to grasp my throat in new surprise and fear.

Shouting. Human voices in different languages seemed to slowly fade in as I struggled to clear the haze of my mind enough to continue processing what was going on around me. Some of them familiar, some of them in English, and some too obscure for me to find understanding in. My mind's occupation with the burning vehicle had become something of an afterthought to the increasingly bizarre, tear\-inducing horror of the scene before me.

I was starting to make some vague sense of this madness as I noticed more people wandering about in varying degrees of similar horror and confusion crying out in a veritable myriad of languages mostly unfamiliar to me. They were dark skinned as I was, all shambling, running, screaming, or crying incoherently as they seemed to struggle with what I could assume was some kind of madness.

I was starting to get some idea of where I was as I more closely observed the signs and decorating around me, in a language so similar to Spanish \-\- but it was clearly not. My normally so near\-sighted vision was near perfect in whatever body I had been "placed" in as I made out the signs to be Portuguese. Knowing a bit about world geography, I could only hazard a shocked guess that I had been somehow placed in Portugal or Brazil.

Describing that I felt like a fish out of water would have been far an understatement, but in some grim happenstance it did not seem as though I was alone in this.

Grown men and women around me were crying, some crawling on the ground, acting exactly like confused children taken from their homes. Some stood around completely vacantly, as if physically present but completely mentally absent. I felt a man violently brush past me as he ran past me in hysterics, speaking in yet another language I could not recognize. Swedish? It was impossible for me to tell.

The tightness around my wrist reminded me that I was wearing a watch, all the more unfamiliar to me.

Only two minutes had passed. Two minutes of agonizing confusion and unfamiliarity.

In what I could only assume was my past "life" I had never known myself to be the kind of person to cry except in very desperate situations where hope truly felt lost. In this moment I knew that everyone around me had to be thinking the same thing, to be filled with this complete sense of despair. I felt my eyes squeeze shut as hot tears slid down my face and I felt myself crouch down. "Wake up, wake UP, WAKE THE FUCK UP!"

The unfamiliar voice that projected from me was still not mine, but the words were. Hearing what sounded like a stranger saying something in what almost sounded like my voice was enough to make the tears flow more freely from my face. In my agitation, I remember screaming out, collapsing as my world went completely dark.

Silence.

As I opened my eyes again, I was sitting at a familiar desk.

My body was completely my own once more, feeling a hesitation to even move or breathe as not to break this serenity and relief I now felt. I clasped my arms across my body and I felt a few more hot tears squeeze out of my own eyes. I was not sure if I was grateful to be back into my own body, or all the more fearful that I would return to some other unfamiliar location as someone else. For a moment, so many questions burned in my brain as I desperately tried to understand what had just happened.

I had less time to consider what I was thinking than I could have ever imagined.

The loud roaring of what I was sure was an engine could be heard on the other side of the outer wall I was near; just enough of a distraction to pry my mind away from the surreal experience I found so difficult to accept just moments ago.

The last thing I would ever hear was the deafening roar of a plane as it tunneled through my house.