Four letters on a flag. All it takes to screw with our entire knowledge of history. We hoped it was a prank by one of the astronauts or something. Anything but admitting the explanation that seemed the most obvious.

    The first colony on Mars should denote a scientific breakthrough. A momentous occasion. The revelations that this piece of fabric on a bronze pole brought to light overshadowed that. 

    I am one of the first colonists to inhabit Mars. I am an aerospace engineer, with an intimate understanding of structural stability. Due to the difference in gravity and speed of rotation of Mars, my expertise was necessary for successfully building lasting structures.

    While my team and I were excavating a site where the first building was to be, we came across an object that seemed grossly misplaced among the barren sands of this once forsaken planet. A crimson red flag, with ‘SPQR’ emblazoned on it. “Senātus Populusque Rōmānu”, which (roughly) meant ,“ The Senate and People of Rome”. All those years studying Latin paid off. The bronze looked fairly new save for a couple of scuff marks, probably caused by the sand during one of this planet’s many sandstorms. This planet's atmosphere would prevent any kind of oxidation, anyway. However, it was 2035, by the measurement of time back on Earth. Since the turn of the century, bronze had waned in use, and we practically never saw it since the revolution of metalworking ten years ago. The flag marked the conquered territory of the Romans. Absurd though it seemed, the only explanation was that the Romans visited Mars. That, or some alien was screwing with us, and trust me, that seemed way less unlikely than the former.

    However, this explained how the Romans knew the sun and stars more intimately than any other culture. Suddenly, everything made sense. Even the god they named Mars was clothed in red. RED!!! That cannot have been a coincidence. 

    Apart from rewriting history, this could also explain random scientific phenomena proving the existence of aliens. It could simply be random Romans lost in time and space. Wow, never thought I'd ever say some crap like that.

   Dwelling on these implications will do us no good. Though we were morally and legally obligated to explain our findings, we weren't sure what such a discovery would do to the future of this colony. So, a unanimous decision was reached. 

   They stood next to the incinerator and watched as I tossed the very mistake of history and time into it, happy that this horrible truth would never leave this planet.
    As we did so, we heard the clinking of metal, and the sound of a war horn, as a legion of what seemed like men marched into the valley, chanting in one low ominous voice,"BARRITUS". The war cry of the Romans.