
Something wasn’t right.

“Dave?” 

“What is it?” came the reply from the cellar

“There’s no-one in the bar.”

“What?”

“I SAID THERE’S NO ONE HERE!”

Dave popped his head up from the cellar.  His unique combination of mad-scientist grey hair and male-pattern baldness made him look like a low-end jack-in-the-box.  He looked at John for a moment.

“What is it?”

“Well,” Dave said, “If there’s nobody in the bar, then I can just go home and leave it in your hands, can’t I?”

“Ah, come on Dave.”

“No, come on, John.  You owe me.  I got them T in the Park tickets for you, didn’t I?”

“Fuck sake, Dave.”

Dave clambered out of the cellar and shut the hatch.  “Kegs are all done, anyway, so all you have to do is stand here and serve an empty bar for a couple of hours.  I’m sure you can handle it, eh?”

John sighed.  “See you tomorrow, you lazy bastard.”

“That’s the spirit!”  Dave gave him a hearty slap on the back and wandered off into the night, swinging his coat and whistling some country and western rubbish.  John watched the door creak closed, and tried to imagine how the time would pass, all by himself with nothing but empty seats for company.  He might even get away with closing early if no one came in by eleven.  He took a glass off the shelf and started to pour himself a coke, when the door opened.  

“Brr, bloody baltic out there tonight, isn’t it, mate?” the man said as he approached the bar.  

“Aye, but I wouldn’t know.” said John.  “What’ll it be?”

“Ehh..”  The man started scanning all the taps and bottles and glasses behind the bar.  John hated it when punters did this.  Next he’d ask some stupid question.  “What’s good on draught?”

“Tennants.”

“All right.  Pint of tennants, then!”  he seemed annoyingly cheerful, John thought, thinking longingly of the thought he’d had earlier about closing early.  John took a pint glass and started filling it.  

The man looked at John and gave a smile.  John nodded curtly in reply.  The man continued making eye contact, as John continued to pour the lager.  He topped off the head, without looking up.  “That’ll be three-fifty, mate.”  John said, pushing the glass over the bar.

“Quiet in tonight, isn’t it?”  The man said, reaching into his pocket and jingling the change around as if shaking it would cause the correct amount to shift to the top.  He slid the coins over.

“Aye,”  John sighed.  “It is.”

“Want to know something?”

“What?”  John asked, not actually asking for an answer to the question, but rather asking for clarification as to what the question meant.

“See yesterday, I went into a pet shop, and there’s this ferret in the window, for sale.”

“Is there?”  John asked, raising an eyebrow and taking a sip of his coke.  He leaned back and folded his arms.  

“Here, no need to get sarky mate, just wanted to tell you a funny story.”

“Right, go on then.”

“OK, so I ask the woman why it’s so expensive, and she says,”

“How much was it?”  

“It was for sale for two thousand pounds.  Oh I didn’t mention that, sorry, got a bit sidetracked there.”

“My arse.”  John said  “Nobody’s going to pay two thousand pounds for a ferret.  What, does it cook and clean the house and give the best blowjob in the world?”

Just then, the door opened and a horse’s head poked in.

“Jesus, Mary and Joseph!”  the man exclaimed.  “It’s a horse!”

John grabbed a broom from behind the bar and approached the horse with great trepidation.  John stopped.  He turned to the man,  “What should I do?  Should I just push it out?”

The horse stayed still, eyeing John with it’s head and neck inside the pub.  

“Maybe you should offer it a drink?”  the man said.

“Don’t be stupid!  How’s it going to hold the glass?”

The horse blew a puff out it’s nostrils.  John waved the broom at it, and it started reversing out the door.  

“Go on, shoo!”  John said,  “Get out of here with your big face, you stupid animal.  As if I’ve not got enough problems already.”

“Here, that’s not very nice!”  came a voice from behind the horse, and another man came strolling into the pub, followed by a lion.  John jumped back and sheltered behind the bar.

“Is that a lion?!”  John asked

“No, mate.  It’s a giraffe.”  the owner of the lion looked at the other patron and, while gesturing at John, gave him the universal signal for “Who’s this idiot?”

“Well,”  John said, “You can’t bring it in here!  Get out!”

“Ah, come on.  Samson’s a good lion.  He’s not going to be any trouble, I promise you.”

“No way,”  John said.  “You’re barred!  On your way!”

“Who’s barred?” asked the head of a group of lawyers staggering in the door.  Three of them, already completely ratarsed and having to hold each other up.  “You know, I was just talking to a man the other day, he was in prison, and…  hic!  Is that a lion?”

“Aye,” the lion’s owner said, as he shuffled out the door, “but apparently that’s enough to get you chucked out.”

“What did your lion do?” the middle lawyer asked.

“Here,” John addressed the group, “It doesn’t matter what it did, you can’t have a lion in a pub!  It’s a safety thing.  Bad enough I’ve got a horse outside trying to get in, and now this guy comes strolling in with a lion!”

“Is that your horse outside, sir?”  John knew that voice.  PC Billy Murdoch.  As if the night couldn’t get any worse.  All six-foot-four of the bobby came gliding into the pub, writing everything down in his little notebook.  “Somebody’s going to have to move it, and I’d like to know why it’s standing on four bricks.  John, is the owner of the horse and the owner of the establishment in tonight?”

“Sorry, Billy, it’s just me in tonight and I’ve no idea who owns the horse.”  

The man with the lion made a sharp exit, as PC Murdoch turned to address John, but was interrupted at the door by the entrance of a naked blonde woman holding a poodle under one arm and a two-foot salami under the other.  

“Oh, excuse me,” she said, “It’s a bit nippy outside tonight, isn’t it?”

“You’re right enough there, doll.” said Samson, as he brushed past her chest and into the night with his companion.

“Oh my God!”  John said, as the woman appoached the bar.  The man at the bar coughed into his pint, PC Murdoch froze, and the three lawyers fell over.  She laid the salami on the bar, but before she could say a word, the ceiling caved in and a priest tumbled onto the floor, followed by a buddhist monk and a rabbi.  The whole bar were speechless at the spectacle.  The priest raised his head, and saw that he’d fallen into a pub.  

“Well,” the priest said, “I can only assume the Lord intended us to drink, considering where we landed.”

The rabbi and the monk sniggered, while John had kittens.  

“What have you lot done?!  You’ve smashed through the bloody ceiling!  How am I supposed to explain this?!  Jesus fuck!”

“Less of that language,” said Jesus, poking his head down through the hole in the celing.  “And see if you can’t get us all a glass of water.  That ceiling insulation is awful dusty.  Judas got a lungful and he won’t stop complaining.”

“What are you doing in the ceiling?!”  PC Murdoch demanded

“We’re changing the insulation.  We actually hired three other guys to do it but they never showed up.  A Polish guy, a German and a Chinese guy.  The Polish guy got held up at a lighting job, the German guy slipped in the shower, and no one knows where the Chinese guy is.”

John noticed a crouching Chinese man peering in through the window, but since he couldn’t be sure it was the same guy they were talking about, he didn’t say anything.  Then John saw the rabble approaching.  

This group had clearly been booted out of a more reputable establishment and were about to decend, much like the celing had done moments before, upon John’s pub.  In they came, the doctors, nurses and scientists from the medical school, followed by a vet who had brought two parrots and a dog with him.  Behind them came a blind man, a deaf man, and a mute, a mime, three clowns, another priest, a dwarf, a psychiatrist and a gypsy.  John took a moment to bask in the chaos that the pub had become, when the drunkest man he had ever laid eyes on came bursting in the door, holding a bridle in one hand over his head.

“Here!”  He bellowed, “Some prick’s stolen my fucking horse!”

One of the disciples piped up, “Looks like someone’s stolen your dignity and all, mate.  Your cock’s out.”

“Right!”  PC Murdoch grabbed the man under the arm and escorted him swiftly out of the pub, to a standing ovation.  

John felt a hand on his shoulder, and turned to see Bill Murray standing beside him.

“You know,”  Bill said,  “No-one’s going to believe you tomorrow.”