“Hey, Cletus, there’s one of them old flaky lizard folk” said the man before taking a sip of his drink “it’s your turn to pop them.”

“Get the board ready Bubba” Cletus answered, “Imma hit this one in its word-hole.” Before taking aim he kissed his rifle and said, “Isn’t that right Mary-anne?”

Cletus and Bubba were woken couple days ago by the engine sound of black vehicle with tinted glass all over it. Agents with shades and earpieces popped out of the vehicle and secured the premises. After the uninvited guests were finished with the security work, a man exited the vehicle, shook Bubba’s and Cletus’s hands with trained expression on his face and introduced himself as the President of the United States.

“I have an important mission for you two” president exclaimed while dividing his attention equally between Cletus and Bubba “the future of this great nation depends on you two.” President smiled and continued “everything you need to do is make camp where we tell you to and shoot at the old deformed people.”


Cletus and Bubba were to say the least, very excited. The prospect of “shootin’ for a livin’” was just too good to fathom. The president made some further promises and gave a really stirring speech that would make a doorstop proud to be an American. It would have been even better if they could understand half of things he had said. After all obligations were explained to this rather unfortunate and rather poorly dressed stoic guardians of the United States, it was time to go. Before leaving president wanted to be sure the duo understood him so he left them a written note.


>Dear Cletus and Bubba,
Shoot old ‘weird’ people; preferably in the head.
If you don’t shoot them, you will turn into the ‘lizard folk’.
Food and water will be brought to you by Cletus’s mother.
Godspeed,
President of the United States


 “You two are now shepherds of this great nation“, president said with great conviction “our first line of defense against this odd and old vermin.” and with those words said he hopped in his vehicle but only after thoroughly sanitizing his hands with wet wipes.


“Boo-yaa! Another one gets a forehead lickin’ from Mary-anne!” Cletus said with great excitement.


Bubba drew a horizontal line on a board under the word Cletus and said: “My stomach is feelin’ a little empty Cletus, when is your mama coming to bring us some food?”


“She usually comes when we shoot thirty-something of them bastards.” Cletus said while caressing his rifle “there she is!”


“Umm… Cletus“, Bubba said in bewilderment, “I think there is something wrong with your mama.” He looked Cletus in the eyes and said, “she is one of them lizard folk!”


“I don’t… how do you… no she isn’t you doofus, she always had trouble walking!”


“Cletus, look at her head!” Bubba pointed towards the creature that was slowly teeter-tottering towards them and saying *Brainz*.


“It’s… it’s… it’s just one of them old people freckles Bubba!” Cletus continued to encourage himself.


“Look at her arms, you can see the bones!”
The creature is getting closer and closer with only one thing coming out of its mouth *Brainz*.


“But… but… how… why? My mama isn’t that old? She is only 70.” Cletus clung for hope, “my mama can’t be a lizard folk!”


*Brainz*.


“I have to take this shot Cletus” Bubba said while taking aim.


“Don’t ya dare Bubba! I’ll fix you up real good! Gosh, I swear Bubba, you are hankering for a beatin’!” slapping Bubba’s rifle down.


*Brainz*.


“Just wait a cotton pickin’ moment. You didn’t get this all tattered up when I had to shoot your papa.”


*Brainz*.


“I didn’t like how he drove my Chevy Bubba. He would change gears too soon. It started to wear out the gear linkage!”


*Brainz*.

*Brainz*.


“She’s getting friskier! I have to give her noggin’ a good ol’ lead lickin’ Cletus.”


*Brainz*.

*Brainz*.

*BRAINZ*.


Cletus barely made a nodding motion and covered his eyes with his arms. The next thing he heard was the sound of Bubba’s rifle and the sound of a body dropping.


“Cletus”, Bubba shook his friend, “Cletus… Cletus it’s over.” He gently said while taking a swig of his drink, “one more line under my name on the board please.”


“I can’t believe you just shot my mama in her noggin’.”


Bubba was a little distraught with the previous kill, but then something came to his mind which made him very distraught: “Cletus, who is going to bring us food now?”
