Her long brown hair cascaded down her back in thick waves, bouncing as she walked down the sidewalk in a flowery silk dress. Never in my life had I seen someone so beautiful; the second I saw her, I knew I needed to know her. Without thinking, I stepped into the street. A car honked and my head jerked to the left, seeing a car swerve around me. I quickly jumped back onto the sidewalk. 


That moment allowed me to really think about what I was about to do. Whoever this woman was, she would never want to meet someone like me. I lived on the streets, I begged for money. I’d be lucky if she so much as tossed a quarter my way. 


Instead, I waited. Every morning at 7:30am, I watched her walk down the street. I wondered at what her life might be like: is she a scientist? An artist? A doctor? 


And every day I made a change. Some were small—get a shower, shave my beard. Some days I made bigger changes, like landing a job as a UPS driver. If I was to approach the most beautiful woman in the world, I needed to be worthy of her time. 


A little over a year after I saw her for the first time, I decided it was time to see her. I’d just secured an apartment and put down a deposit, and with that final goal reached I felt comfortable enough to speak to her. Waiting for the light to change, I finally stepped across the street at 7:30am. 


I walked up to her slowly as she waited to cross the adjacent street. “Excuse me, ma’am,” I said timidly, “My name’s Tim. Would you like to get coffee with me?” 
She smiled. “Rita,” she shook my hand, “and sure. I get off work at 5.” 


Whatever compelled her to say yes, I’ll never know. We had coffee. I made her laugh. We had dinner. And over time, we fell in love. I wasn’t this happy since before my tour in Afghanistan. 


A year later we married. And a few months after that, she announced that she was pregnant. It wasn’t long before we got even better news: it was twins! I couldn’t imagine my life any better than with my wife Rita and my soon to be little girls. 


One morning I woke up in our bed and felt a pang in my head. Like being hungover, but worse. For days it wouldn’t go away. Rita tried to convince me to go to the doctor—she was so worried about me. But I figured it was nothing, until Rita’s water broke and I lost consciousness.


When I came to, I found myself staring at a white ceiling. “Rita?” I called out. 


“I’m Dr. Eaton,” said a voice softy to my left. “Do you know what day it is?” 


I don’t answer. “Where is my wife?” I croak. 


“Mr. Carmichael, you don’t have a wife.” 


They tell me about the accident. They tell me that three years ago I crossed a street and a car hit me, and that I’ve been in a coma ever since. The past 3 years have seen marvels in medicine, space travel, prosperity and peace across nations. That I’m lucky to be alive in what is truly the Golden Age of civilization, a true utopia for all. 


But I know the truth. 


This isn’t utopia. 


How can it possibly be without Rita?