"Mom's dead, you know." My great-grand daughter, Alice, bounced her son on her knee as she talked. The boy gurgled in delight, as his uncle, his father, and my son had done when they were his young age.

"Sem and I are moving into her home next week." Alice continued. She lifted her son up for me to take him into my arms. I cradled the boy as if he were my own. He was, in a way.

"Mmhmm" I took the boy around the room, watching as he sucked on his fingers. Young, brown, soft. Different from my spotted and gnarled hands, the skin pulled so taut they were mostly bone. The boy's eyes peered around my living room, from beige wall to vaulted ceiling, to the desk of carvings I kept that represented my- and his- family. I carried him over, picked up a small wooden block marked "Dawan", and offered it to the boy. He took it with wet fingers, saliva darkening the pine wood where he touched it.

"Marcel. Marcel!" Alice called from the sofa. I turned. "Are you listening to me?"

"No, Alice. I'm not." I carried Dawan, now sucking on the block, back over to her. She grabbed him and started to wrestle the pine away.

"Dawan, let go!" Alice said. The boy refused. I reached in, stroked the back of his head, and pulled free the block.

"Why do you insist on doing this?" Alice asked as I carried the block over to my desk. I grabbed a carving tool and scored the saliva marks. "Are you just going to ignore me?"

"Yes." I responded. Alice, in a huff, stood up and carried Dawan to the window.  I turned the box around. A puncture mark, upper canine, on the far corner. I carved deep into it, noting to embellish it later. I felt it before it came.

*Beep*. I reached into my pocket, felt for the mechanical stylus. Alice paused. I pulled the stylus out and lifted my shirt to the circular device that had kept me alive for so many years. The glow on my hip pulsated. I inserted the stylus.

"Well?" Alice demanded.

I pushed the stylus once and felt it connect. I rotated once, twice, three times. I removed the stylus and put it back in my pocket.

"So you decide to keep going," Alice said with a huff. " You know, Marcel, everyone is too polite to say it, but fuck you. All your friends, your wife, your sons, daughters, grand whatevers are all dead, but you, you keep going. No one can be in your house and why the hell not? Why do you keep going, Marcel, when everyone you know is dead?"

"Tradition." I muttered and began to carve the shapes Dawan had left on his block, the block that would join the rest of my- and his, and Alice's- family tree on the desk.