I couldn't believe it myself. 

I had eternity! All of it to myself! Everything and everywhere and everyone! How could it all just suddenly mean nothing? Fine, it was gradual. First it was the breakfast at Copenhagen. I specifically only eat breakfast in Copenhagen once every twenty seven years. It's something to look forward to. But as I got there, as I was cooking fish, expecting that giddy excitement that usually comes along with it, I get a nothing. Not even the cold satisfaction I normally derive from winning a match, a duel.

Something was wrong.

Then there was the Nobel Prize. I created a new super stable synthetic element. The first of its kind. Even Mendeleev only hinted at the slight possibility of its existence. And there I were, discovering it. There was nothing. At the Nobel Awards Ceremony, also nothing!

Something was definitely wrong.

Then there was skydiving. I was getting nervous. I needed something that would  kick my system back up and running. Something to get my adrenaline running again. Skydiving, I thought. Sans parachute, as usual. I landed. Unscathed, as usual. Still nothing. Just that 'meh' feeling you get when you do anything that's become commonplace.

Something's wrong. 

And I can fix it.

There was the duel itself, of course. If there's anything that can get my blood running, pounding through my ears, my breath running scant and fast, it was this. A good sword fight. My opponent was different, this time. Naturally since the last one was dead. This one was beautiful. His muscles were well defined without making his body look bulky. He was a lithe sex god.

I couldn't stop myself. The night before the tournament was spent with him. He was nervous, I was not. He knew about my record, so did I. He was out to prove something, so was I. I told him we both might just come out winners. He looked at me weird, questioningly. A zero-sum game, I tell him before pulling his body close for sleep.

The next day was beautiful, bright and hot and just the perfect amount of wind for it to be cool. I dressed my opponent well. His armour, a slick new second skin I invented myself that would protect him as long as it was on him. He was nervous, but he tried not to show it.

I put on my skin. I give him one last kiss and out we went to the roaring crowd. Four hundred and thirty two years I've been doing this on and off, and this is the first time the roaring and cheering and shouting had no effect on me. I smiled.

I could fix this. My opponent and I scanned our audience, gave them a wave and assumed our positions. The signal was called and out came our lightsabers with a satisfying vwoom!

The battle was fierce and long and exciting. Finally! It was exciting! It was exhilarating! My opponent fought like he made love. He fought like he had something to prove. And prove he did.

By the third hour, he had, to everyone's surprise but no greater than mine, disarmed me. I stepped towards him and fell to my knees. Everything was silent. All I could hear was my breathing matched with his. I looked up at him, and he down at me. I smiled and said,

'I fucked up by fucking a coconut.'

He laughed and swung the lightsaber at my neck.