One does not live to be my age following the life I've led unless they are both very skilled and very lucky. While I've never lost a fight, a stray arrow striking me in the chest would put me down same as any other man. The sheer number of times I've narrowly escaped the cold grip of the reaper are too numerous to count, and over time I developed a sense for it. My back would tense up, my hairs would go on end, and I could practically feel the theoretical instrument of my demise coming before it ever reached me. In such situations, I would surrender myself to instinct; dodging, parrying or striking back as my senses dictated. I can't say I ever thought it would lead to this.

The cloaked figure was sprawled across the floor, my blade protruding from it's back. The scythe it tried to strike me with  had wedged itself between the floorboards next to the body. I nudged the body with one foot, trying to turn it over. The body was heavier than it looked, but after a few kicks I was able to get it flipped around, the blade through it's back resting against the ground keeping the whole thing on an angle. I grabbed my lantern and leaned in close to get a better look at my assailant. Pushing back the hood revealed a stark white skull, the empty sockets where it's eyes should be staring back at me in the dim light of my cabin.

"No, no, no. This isn't what it looks like, right?" I muttered, trying to calm my nerves over what I'd done. "Somebody just held too much of a grudge and came back to pay me back, right?" I added, thinking that somehow a more logical alternative to the, ahem, grim reality in front of me. I was a fantastic swordsman, possibly the best in the land, but some things had to be impossible even for me, right?

The rest of the night melded together into a blur. I remember pulling my blade clean of the creature's chest and dragging it outside by the cloak before dumping it out into a ditch somewhere in the nearby forest and running back home. The cloak went into a cupboard and the scythe behind it. As I put out my lantern and laid down in bed, I prayed silently that I didn't do anything too drastic...


I was woken the next morning by a banging on my door. Stumbling out of bed I opened it only to be greeted by one of the local farmers. A small, fat fellow with a penchant for gaudy clothing and face that was always a bright shade of red. He always looked to me as if god dropped an apple on a pumpkin and started working from there. I'd long forgotten his name, but he never bothered to learn mine in the first place so I figured we were even.

"Sir, you need to come quick!" He bellowed with a loudness not fitting for how early in the morning it was. 

"What is it?"

"It's the Carter lad. He fell off his horse and his head got twisted sideways!"

I flinched. You saw things like this happen every so often if people either weren't careful or very drunk. "Well you hardly need me for that. Get the grave digger and see if you can round up a friar from somewhere." I had bigger things to worry about after all.

The man was quiet for a moment as he fiddled with his handles. "Well, it's all a bit weird sir."

"What do you mean?"

"It's just that the body is in a bit of an odd place."

I sighed. I didn't have time for him talking around things. "Spit it out man. Where's the body now?"

"Well, it's down at tavern drinking."

I stared at the man who shrunk under my gaze. "Drinking. At the tavern." He nodded. 

"He said he was in a whole lot of pain what with his head dangling off and all that, so we figured it'd be the best thing to do for now." I went deathly quiet for a moment, something that seemed to put off my visitor. "Er, if you want me to come back later sir..."

"No, no, it's fine. I'll be along in a few minutes." I said, closing the door in his face before he could get a word in edgewise. 

I sat on the edge of my bed as what I was just told swirled around in my head. As much as I was hoping it wouldn't be, deep down I knew somehow this was my fault. My gazed drifted through my cabin before coming to rest on the cupboard. After a good few minutes of just staring at it, I rose from my bed and retrieved the black cloak and scythe I had hidden there the night before. The cloak fit snugly, and while it wasn't exactly my first choice of weapon, after a few swings maneuvering the scythe felt natural. 

Opening the cabin door and stepping out into the light, I could just about hear the commotion forming at the tavern as onlookers rushed to see the man who by all means should be dead right now. I just sighed and closed the door behind me. I wouldn't want anybody to think I'm not the kind of man who'd try and make up for his mistakes. I'd probably die of shame otherwise.