The cryo-chamber was quiet, as it had been for five days already. It is so quiet I can feel my heartbeat knocking against my ribs. Is it fast or is it slow? All alone, I have no one to ask but myself.

He steps up next to me, his footsteps measured and firm. I turn, and give my father a brief nod.

“So how do you feel?” he asks. “You’ve won.”

“I’ve won? So after all this time, that’s all you see this as? A competition?”

“That’s all any of this is.”

“That’s where you’re wrong, Father. You may be the God of knowledge, but this is one thing you do not know. It was never a competition.”

He looks at me, and smiles that smile, the one in all the paintings, the mysterious, mischievous, I-know-something-you-don’t look. I wonder if I inherited it.

“Of all my children-“

“Don’t say it,” I say. “I know I was the most worthless. I know I’m a half-blood, and the powers I have are weak, and I have no constitution to rule.”

“I wasn’t going to say that. I was merely going to say that of all my children, you were the one who needed to be pleased the least. You rarely cried, you rarely climbed onto my or your mother’s leg for approval. You just sat, and played on your own.”

*Because no one else would play with me,* I thought.

“So why do this? Why do something the Gods have been warring over for millennia? You have to understand that you’ve made the others very upset with this.”

“Why? Because they wanted to be the one to end humanity? So they could put it on their resumes?”

He shakes his head and laughs, but sadly this time. “I think you misunderstand. We love humanity. But what they’ve done to their world…the plunder and rape of what we gave to them…it’s sad how shortsighted they were. But we still wanted to give them an ending they deserved. One where they would fight until the end, and never accept their fate so meekly, walk into an uncertain darkness like you had them do. That isn’t how we designed human nature.”

He waits for a response, as we look into the darkness. It strikes me how cold it is in here. Nothing like the sub-zero temperatures they are experiencing, but a definite chill, the type that creeps onto your skin and sticks there like a bad tick.

“Thank you for your comments, Father.”

“I hope you can come to terms with your decision. I am…interested to see what you do next.”

He rests a slack hand on my shoulder, and walks away.

I wait for his dulled footsteps to disappear completely, and then walk to the chamber in the corner.

Her face is beautiful, content, like nothing has happened to her except a comfortable, warm sleep. I remember waking up before her that first morning, shocked to see that anyone could feel so comfortable around me.

“Wake up, please,” I say desperately, hating with all my being the fates that have gifted me with the power of sleep and nothing else.

And yet, even in that quiet, cold room, I feel hope. Because my father is the one who misunderstands. Humanity doesn’t deserve an end written for it by an egotistical playwright. It deserves the chance to save itself, to right its wrongs, to fight for more than just the way it ends. And as powerless as I am, I am determined to give it to them.

I kiss the glass, where my love sleeps, and wonder how long it will be...

\-

[r/penguin347](https://www.reddit.com/r/penguin347)