Since joining the army Private Alfred had never said a word. When being drafted he had checked ‘dumb/speaking inability’ in an effort to avoid being sent to war, but being unable to question orders just made him a more attractive choice. Lying on your entrance form was a serious offence, punishable with three weeks cleaning the toilet pits in the trench, and so, Alfred stayed quiet. 

They said he was invincible, the super soldier, shooting with conviction and seemingly unable to die. Even when Alfred took a bullet to the shoulder trying to rescue a wounded comrade it healed, albeit with some discomfort. For three years Alfred lived in the trenches, rising in rank with every death until he assumed the position of second in command. After years of staying silent, silence seems like the natural state, and Alfred no longer felt the need to speak.

The crack of a single shot rang out as his commander raised his head above the trench, he fell back, landing on the muddy floor of the trench with his eyes already closed. The main force was still engaging on the western front, with their enemy surrounded Alfred was now the highest-ranking soldier on the eastern front. The radio crackled from his commander’s body, a hurried order for the east to engage snapped Alfred back to consciousness, with his entire squadron surrounding him he knew his time had come.

A bloodcurdling war cry echoed across the fields. A call to battle that even Death itself could not ignore. “CHARGE!”. With Alfred’s first and final words in the army chaos descended upon the battlefield. The eastern front charged towards the walls, muskets firing, while the western front occupied the main force.

Private Alfred will always be remembered for standing up in the face of death, we hereby posthumously award him the Medal of Honour, and may he rest well in Heaven. 


-When I first saw this prompt I immediately thought of writing something like this. It was my first time responding to a writing prompt so please be gentle :)