Let me tell you about the worst day of my life. For some reason, I've relived it 7212 times. How can a Saturday in May be so terrible? Many people were skeptical of Repeat Technology at first, but I saw it as a new opportunity. I was living a relatively crappy life. I had a terrible apartment and an even worse girlfriend. I decided to make a change in my life and Repeat Technology has been the cornerstone of this change.

Every day, I have list of options for every part of the day. Once the day is finished, I rate my day and if I think it was mostly positive, I make a new list for tomorrow and move on. Today's list seems pretty mundane, but somehow I can't move past it.

I woke up this morning at 6:30 like I always do and drank my morning coffee. First thing on the list was breakfast: Eat at The Garden or make breakfast myself. This was usually an easy choice, but for some reason the 7212 day reminder told me that maybe I should try a few things different today. I decided to make breakfast. Just a simple breakfast burrito with a green chile sauce and chihuahua queso. It was good, but it wasn't life changing.

Next on the list was either workout or get some work done. Work on a Saturday is  sacrilegious so I decided to get a good sweat going. After about 30 minutes of cardio, I figured that this was also one of those choices that doesn't really matter. I knew I was ahead of schedule so I got some light reading in while I waited for the next time frame.

At this time it was around 10:30. I live a little bit outside of the city, so I need to give myself plenty of time to move so that I can meet all of my appointments. Next was lunch. Meet "friends" at that trendy new cafe that opened up or go to The Anchor, my favorite run down pub with the best onion rings in the state. I took the less obvious option and decided to dress up for a few hours of expensive food and hollow people. I really hated this decision, but something exciting might have happened.

Unfortunately, that was not the case. At around 11:20, I met my "friends" and the bullshit ensued. We didn't have much to talk about so we just judged everything around us. I know I'm not perfect. I make mistakes. This was one of them. Unless something really amazing happened, I would have to repeat today for sure.

Next was helping my brother and his family move out of the city into the suburbs and then getting dinner with them or go disc golfing with my actual friends and then going to The Anchor for drinks. My parents were supposed to help with my brother's move and I hadn't seen them in a few months, but I thought to myself, "You would help your brother any other day, but today you need to do things differently." I changed clothes in the car and checked that my discs were in the trunk. Thank God I decided to just keep them in there at all times.

I had a blast. A few beers on the course, good laughs, and a nice dose of sunlight was exactly what the doctor ordered. When we got to The Anchor, the day only got better. Artie, the bartender, was feeling appreciative of his customers for once and he decided to give us all the employee discount. I've never seen or eaten so many onion rings. After five bottles of ketchup and a couple hundred onion rings, we called it quits and went our separate ways.

It was still a bit early so I thought about going to dinner with my family. The day had turned out to be pretty excellent. I could have met my family and had a light dinner with them, but the 7212 told me that I was missing something. I wasn't sure if it was something I actually wanted, but somehow I felt that if I kept coming back to today, I needed to keep going.

I decided to head back into the city for dinner at a quiet restaurant. It wasn't part of my daily plan, but sometimes you need to try something new. Terry's Steakhouse was one of those places that locals tried to keep secret and for good reason. They had the best cuts of beef in the entire Rocky region and I've never had a better porterhouse. I wasn't feeling too hungry though so I decided to have a salad and some drinks at the bar.

That's when I saw her. She was beyond gorgeous. Something that writers could drone on and on about without ever losing your interest. If there was ever a woman like here before on Earth, she would have been mistaken for goddess. I knew this was why I relived this day. It had to be. Maybe, somewhere deep inside me, I knew I had to meet her here. I had gone out on my previous attempts to any other number of places, but she had always evaded me. If things went right, maybe I could finally move forward.

I slurped down my drink and slowly approached her. I tried to be confident, but my knees grew weaker and weaker as I got closer to her. When I was close, she noticed me and smiled so prettily. I knew my face must have been lobster red, but it was too late to back down now.

"W-would you like a drink?" I stammered out. She continued to smile and signaled the bartender. "Two more of these please? He's buying." Her smile turned sort of deviant and I could not have been more attracted to her than I was at that moment.

The night went on wonderfully and we both left after a few more drinks. Before she got into a taxi, I mustered up the courage to ask her for her number. She pulled out her phone and said, "On one condition: you give me yours as well." I had done it. I fumbled around for my phone, we exchanged numbers, and went our separate ways.

I pulled into the driveway and knew that I had done it. I had finally had the perfect day and could sleep knowing that tomorrow would be brand new. I stared at her number and thought of what our relationship could be like. As I looked admiringly at the number, a call came on the screen. It was from my brother. Although I was a bit startled, I answered.

"Rick? It's Dave. How have you been?" He sounded like he was fighting back tears. "I've been good Dave. I just got back from dinner. Hey... I'm really sorry about not helping you move man. If there's anything you want me to d-". He cut me off there. "It's alright Dave. Really it is. I need to tell you something. You might want to sit down."

I had made it inside my apartment by the time he said that. I sat down on one of the kitchen chairs and began to sweat.

"Mom... had a heart attack today as she was unloading some of the boxes at the new house. Rick... sh-she's not going to make it to tomorrow. You need to come see her and say your goodbyes. We're at St. An........."

The voice on the other end began to fade out. Colors around the room were draining. I had finally realized why I kept repeating today. I never got to say goodbye. I never got to thank her for being the woman she was. I never got to tell her I loved her.

I got up and began walking to my bedroom. Tears effortlessly fell from eyes and my body felt numb as I crawled underneath the sheets. Tomorrow would be exactly the same. It would be the 7213 day. As sleep began to smother me, I whispered to myself over and over again, "Don't forget. Don't forget. Don't fo-".

Let me tell you about the worst day of my life...