"Another scorching day in Phoenix!" the T.V. blared quite violently as I turned it on after waking up past noon on another lazy, uneventful Sunday. "Better stay indoors today, because it doesn't look like it's cooling down anytime soon." I sighed, and proceeded to pour myself a cup of water to make my coffee, luckily already boiling hot fresh out of the tap (there are benefits to living in Hell, I guess). As I sipped the decidedly too-hot coffee, I came to a horrifying realization: the little cup where I held all of my mini IKEA pencils was empty. I steeled myself and stripped to my short-shorts and tightest tank top, "I'm going to IKEA."

The air was hot and dry (not unlike the newscaster that had warned me about the weather earlier), and as I made my way to my 2003 Honda Civic (I call her Cujo after a movie I saw once), I noticed something in the air. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but the smog seemed heavier and the sky seemed darker than usual. I shrugged it off and pulled onto the freeway, "The faster I get this done the better," I remarked to no one in particular.

As I entered this bastion of consumerism, I couldn't help but admire the audacity of those who conceived of it, "Wow, I can't help but admire the audacity of the people who conceived of this idea. A confusing layout and cheap build-it-yourself style merchandise? Truly the American Dream." I chuckled at my inner monologue, only realizing it wasn't as inside my head as I thought when an employee said "Dude, this place is Swedish." I tried to come up with a witty response, but all that came out was "You're the one who is Swedish," only slightly less articulate than a parrot learning to speak English. The employee raised a brow and then shuffled off with his broom. I made a note of his name tag, or rather I would have made a note if I had a tiny pencil with which to write. This only strengthened my resolve.

I pretended to browse while secretly looking for the pencil holder, and finally my eyes fell upon it. A long life of crime (I once stole a candy bar and only cried AFTER I returned it) had prepared me for this moment. I looked around slyly, and realized I was alone on this particular floor. "Eerie," I said aloud without fear of scrutiny. I filled my (admittedly small) pockets with as many mini IKEA pencils as would fit, then started to slink off, whistling a jaunty tune so as to further ward off any suspicion. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw something that still chills me to my bones.

"Those signs aren't in Swedish," I exclaimed loudly, "those are a different language, my two years of high school Spanish trained me to recognize similar languages!" (It really is much more fun to say these things than to think them). I decided  to read the strange signs aloud, partly out of interest, partly because my mom told me I was illiterate when I couldn't pronounce the word 'epitome' correctly last week at family dinner, and all of my sisters and my Uncle Stan laughed at me. "Tasa reme laris Satan," I said, slightly hesitating on the last word. "Satan, huh that's weird." I barely had time to say this before the ground started shaking and out came a horned beast with red eyes and sharp horns. "You've fallen for my trap, mortal, I knew some fool would try to read these signs aloud to feel smart, now you must relinquish control of your body and suffer the flames of Hell for all of eternity," it snarled angrily. I took in the sight for a moment, and said something that I knew would work and banish the demon. "No."

"No?" The demon asked, seemingly shocked at my lack of enthusiasm (shock does great things sometimes). "Yeah, I said no. I have to get these pencils back home, you can come if you want, though." The demon, noticeably intrigued, nodded slowly and began to follow me to the exit. I got a couple horrified stares, but most people didn't notice the towering beast trailing behind me. I offered to get the demon some water, but he declined politely. As we exited the store, he took a noticeable pause, before saying to me "Holy fuck it's hot out here," before shrieking and disappearing into a burst of flame that only slightly increased the air temperature for a brief moment. I must have seemed confused, because the same employee from earlier came to me and said "Don't know how you tricked the demon into saying 'Holy', but good job, he kept leaving without buying anything." I nodded and quickly left before he realized I had also not bought anything.

By the time I got home, the gravity of the situation finally hit me. The demon stole all of my mini IKEA pencils. I cried briefly, and decided I would only buy pencils from now on, stealing them isn't worth the trouble, even if they are very fashionable.

Tl;dr: The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was stealing my mini IKEA pencils.