There is so much fear in a dying breath. Perhaps not in the forefront of those dying, but in that small, primal part that ties the body to the soul. It rattles, clings dearly to which that must so soon depart. This isn't just for humans, but nearly every sentient species of creature that walks or flies or swims. But this time Death came, or more accurately, I came to witness the death of an old woman. Her wrinkles and pale, yellowed skin. She drank some of her life away. Her wedding ring, but no partner. Perhaps half of her life had already left her. Maybe I met them, too. I slowly walk around her, out of view so that she may experience a short moment of peace. "I want..." she sighs "to go home." And with that, her rattled breathing eases, and her heart beats for the last time. Brave, I wager, to call a place you have never been home. I like that adventurous spirit. Speaking of, here she comes now. Ah, she chose to appear how she had in her younger days. The soft brunette of her hair, and fair cheekbones are absolutely glowing. Not to say that it's abnormal, everyone has a bit of after death glow. 

"Ahem" I step forward, expecting a bit of fright. "Hello there, I assume you... Weren't expecting me, were you?" Her face turns from horror to shock and despair instantly. She manages to stammer out a series of explanations, rationales on why I shouldn't be here. Whether it is for me or her, I'm unsure. "Child, child, please. You mustn't-" her cries stop me, they rattle me to the tail which I have carefully curled so as not to put on a full theatrical display. Wish I could have shrunk these damned horns a bit. People can change, Angels can change. But people who piss off Angels? I guess we get our 'Free to transform' cards  taken away or some shit. Backing away a few paces, I try to speak over her cries while not sounding demanding. "You have a choice to make. You can go to heaven. Every creature with breath is entitled to it. But.." I stopped, reading her face for a moment, getting the expected second wave of shock "I can offer you an informed decision on the matter if you'd like. And the option of joining with me. As a.. Partner." Her face now turned to immediate disgust, "Why would I join you? You're Satan, right? You're asking a God fearing woman, to join... You? Not only are you a snake, you're an idiot!" Humans. You give them a bit of agency, a little choice, and boy oh boy do they get arrogant.


 "Well, you see, you've already stated why yourself. You're a God _fearing_ woman. Haven't you ever wondered why fear would be associated with the creator of 'paradise' as so many have called it?" "Well, because he punishes the bad, sends them to you. To suffer in the lake of fire forever." "Hmm..." I mused, I loved this part, wanted to draw it out "Would you consider God to be fair, then?" "Of course!" "Then why would he want you, and those before and after you, to spend an eternity in what you wager is misery, torture, brimstone and suffering, for what is at most an eon of lost lives, a finite amount of bad? Do you not believe a crime should have proportional punishment?" "Well.." She stopped and thought for a good long while. "Perhaps that's a point." "And is not life full of suffering? Tell me, did it hurt before you died?" "Yes, for a long time. But there was some good though!" "Like your... Partner? I assume there were good times before that life was taken from you. And that must have hurt, too." "Can.. Can I see- wait, no, you're tricking me, aren't you? To lure me down there!" "No, no. In these matters I cannot lie, and do not wish to. Have you any idea how annoying a human is once they've caught you in a lie? I'd rather have my horns used as screwdrivers. What I am to tell you, is all truth. The choices are yours to make. Free will has never been taken from you."

Now here's the fun part. Everyone gets to heaven, and with nearly a 100% rate, everyone cheers, calls me a right prick and picks it, I've not gotten so far with someone in.. Maybe 500 years? Some poor lass I found at the bottom of the lake heard me out, though mostly out of spite.  Lovely accent, come to think of it. Well, what they don't know is, that gate isn't to keep people out, and that check in with St. Peter? Well, that's just to keep a roster like an inmate sheet. Now, that suddenly sounds suspect, doesn't it? Why would Paradise need to keep people in? Boredom. You see, humans, much like the bodies they left behind, exist and honestly only ever thrive in adversity and struggle. Confused everything else on the Astral plane. Angels are pretty content, for example,  with whatever they are doing, so long as they are allowed to sing and be praised for their voices and good looks.  Well, most are. I... Hung around with humans too much I guess. But I digress, you put humans built in the roughest conditions, in a place completely lacking in struggle, and first, they love it. Maybe for a few years. But then they get to play all the games, learn all the small details, and it's as if you've left them in a blank white room. Chaos, as comes from all manner of order, is let loose. Without death as a barrier or consequence, violence and madness run rampant, drowned out only by the voices of higher Avalon. Golden streets would be covered in blood if it existed up there. But alas, they remain as bright and shining as before Creation. 

 After clarifying this to my new friend, I suppose something clicked for her. Her eyes turned keener, her mind showing a bit of its cleverness. "So, what did you do, then?" "What did I do?" I laughed "What do you mean?" Her voice had a teasing tone to it, like a drinking mate who asks about a prank gone wrong "Well, you were kicked out right? What did you do to earn that?" I laughed heartily, and moved towards her. "May I?" I reached out one of my arms and turned to face the same direction as she. She nodded and I draped my arm across her shoulder. "Child, I suggested an additional choice. One may call it... Recycling. You see, what we were missing were conditions like Earth, where struggle existed. Now, reincarnation has been an option for quite some time in one manner or another, but memories don't carry over until after death, so it's more a vacation than a solution. But I thought 'why not include suffering, but not death? Struggle and results, but not endless torment that is paradise?'" I smiled, leading her down a few steps, quickly muttering she had yet to make a choice, and if she didn't like what she saw she could immediately turn back. "So, instead, I... Slipped out, and found this place. And claimed it. Angels aren't normally - ever, really, allowed to do that. So I pissed some people off. And lost my good looks, not that it's ruined my charm. And I wasn't kicked out, I escaped. Turns out the way out is through an attic, go figure." We clambered slowly down into a dark, warm corridor. "Apologies about the smell, mustiness comes with the territory. Anyways, yes. Here, there is suffering. But there is also meaning. There are not streets of Gold- we make them of the ground beneath our feet. The furnaces are kept hot not by Faith, but of the Strength of our own hands, and the creativity of us who choose to not fall to our previous expectations. So now Child, you can make your choice." 