"Next stop: 1st and Pine." The crisp, digitized, and female voice cut through the bus, its duty no more than a convenience. The bus rocked gently as the engine roared and the bus climbed up hill. Inside, the passengers bounced up and down, some of them slumped over here and there. The heady smell of unkempt hygiene and various drugs filled the air.  An unidentifiable stain on the back of the seat in front of me was the most interesting part of the trip.

Earbuds in, music pumping, I was dead to the outside world as far as I cared. The disheveled homeless man next to me smacked his lips loudly in sleep and grumbled something, somehow loud enough for me to hear through my metal. Shaking my head in exasperation, I quietly maintain my vigil until I reach my stop.

Fate, however, has funny ways of tipping its hand. The bus was finishing climbing up the hill and the driver hit the gas for the last hurrah. Just as we cleared the top, the stain started to glow a vile yellow. Before I could even think about what kind of special effects it took to do that so realistically, a large clawed hand shot out of it and gripped me by the face. Between its fingers, I could see the tendril of an arm growing thinner until it fit perfectly within the stain. Vainly, my eyes struggled to find help, I didn't care who from. The bus around me was animated, but nobody saw me. The homeless man actually stood up at the next stop and passed right through me on his way out. A young couple standing slightly behind my seat scrambled to fill it, the woman sitting square inside of me. I'm sure the inside of the human skull is an interesting to be, but I still needed light to see apparently. I could feel the lurch of the bus starting again, my mind still unable to comprehend what was happening to me.

A second lurch caught me off guard and I was flung head first into the darkness. I'm not sure how long I stayed in that abyss, it could have been a second, it could have been years. How can you quantify time when there is no passage of it?

Out of the darkness grew a faint orange light. Wordlessly, I reached for it, striving with every fiber of my being to reach it. The warmness of the light rushed towards me and there was suddenly ground beneath me. There were notes of dust, flickering candles, and me, speeding out of a hole in the air at 15 miles an hour. The force of my ejection flung me across the room, my body crashing through candle stands and a table. Coming to a violent halt, I slumped against the wall, my vision wavering between black and light.

"Eeeeeeeeeehehehehehe-" the high pitched cackle of a shriveled old man standing in front of me was cut off as he bent over and started coughing loudly.  As I was still recovering from my adventure through the fabric of reality, he had ample time to recollect himself. "Success! I have bound a demon! You are my tool now, Lord of Hell!"

Finally able to move, I push myself to my feet, looking at my hands and legs in astonishment. I felt no pain from that crash, in fact I felt better than I had in my entire life. A strange sensation flowed through me, my veins welling with every beat of my heart. Staring down at the old man, my tone confused, "Where am I? What did you do to me?"

The man looked surprised for a second before swallowing quickly, "You're in Norsia and I have made you my slave. My orders are absolutely binding! I have done what none else dared! I have summoned a demon!" The man raised his arms in the air in triumph as he turned around. I took the time to reflect on this strange sensation, opening and closing my hand in front of my face, trying to mentally piece together what was happening.

"Now, come, come," the man pointed to a chair next to me, "I will lay out my plans for you." I took the noted chair and he sat down in another across from me, "You are my demon now, the first in a thousand years! I have enemies that need to be disposed of and only you can handle their destruction. Now, as a demon I'm sure you're proficient in all schools, but what are you best with?"

My voice caught for a brief second before I could reply, still overwhelmed by all of this, "I-I'm sorry, schools?"

He gave me a curious look before explaining, "Schools of magic. As a demon I'm sure you're well versed in shade, flame, and soul. Any other specializations?"

"I don't even know what you're talking about! I've nev-"

"SILENCE! I will not have my slave talk back to me!" His eyes filled with a yellow light and pain raced through my body. I collapsed off of my chair, convulsing involuntarily as my body twitched and twisted from the unpleasant stimulation. "Now, you will go to Dala, the nearest village. You will wipe it out, I wish for there to be no survivors!" The pain subsided, but it was replaced by an urge. And urge to do the man's bidding no matter the order.

I cried out, rage, despair, and anguish wracked my body before I slowly stood, a deep and aching need burning in my gut. I nodded at him, unable to stop myself, "It will be done. No survivors." Not knowing what I was doing myself, I decided to just will my magic to work. With a wave of my hand, I took a step forward and found myself in blinding sunlight. A gently sloping hill was laid out before me, a sparkling sea lapped at a shore in the distance. I could hear the songs of a hundred different birds floating on the gentle breeze. My hair ruffled in the wind for a moment before I turned around to see the rest of my surroundings, coming face to face with what I could only assume was the village of Dala.

A tear fell from my eye as I strolled inside the village. The people gave me cautious looks, my outlandish attire a rarity in their quaint place. Walking to the center of town, a small group gathered around me. I incline my chin as I look at all of them, "I'm sorry."

With a will for it to happen, my shadow rips itself into shreds, the tattered tentacles rushing towards every single shadow of the people around me. On the ground, my shadow ripped the heads off of their shadows. Above the ground, a rain of blood cascaded down around me as twenty bodies collapsed around, their heads rolling in different directions.

"I'm so sorry..." I whispered as I go on to cull the lives of hundreds of thousands of people under the order of my master. The story of my conquest of the world is for a later time, though.