I was puzzled after seeing how my numbers compared to my wife Ashley’s. How are mine so high when it was my wife who was the one always promoting dangerous adventures throughout our life? I thought back throughout our marriage and life together and remember her as the crazy kind from the very beginning. The first month we started dating she proposed the idea of going kayaking in unmanaged waters. Of course this doesn’t sound too extreme but slowly it went from that to skydiving and bungee jumping off bridge and eventually to extremes such as cliff climbing with minimal harnesses. She always was an adrenaline junkie from the beginning

We loved each other nonetheless throughout our whole lives. This never came between our relationship. Of course at times we’d get into minor arguments but nothing serious. Most of the time she went on these crazy adventures I sat out.. (barring the few times I joined in due to succumbing to the peer pressure). I never joined her in these dangerous expeditions because I always thought what about the things that could go wrong. I desperately tried to con her out of these ideas at time in fear of losing my wife, though these attempts were futile. 

I finally met up with ashley on a bench in the misty forest. The trees were tall and the air around us was extremely quiet, no chirping of birds, no wind rustling through the leaves just plain silence. I wasn’t able to tell what time of day it was either. It was hard to tell with how thick the mist was. I was sitting on this particular bench with nothing but the trees surrounding me. I was at peace and felt calm. That’s when Ashley walked up. 
 
I hugged her as soon as I saw it. It was such a relief to see her again and be together. I looked in her eyes and it was the same warm loving look I’d remembered for years. She’d been here for about a year prior to me due to her health complications after an intense surgery. I asked her how she’d been and replied that she was doing well. 

We talked for a couple minutes about the times we’d shared during our time on earth. We laughed over and over again thinking about all the positives in our life together. After a little while I decided it was time to bring up what I’d found out earlier in the day. 

“Hey Ashley I was wondering.. so I saw your Number compared to mine and it didn’t really make any sense to me... I mean it just doesn’t. You would poke fun at me my whole life about how much of a ‘loser’ I was because I wouldn’t go cliff diving with you and stuff. It just doesn’t make an sense to me.”

As I was speaking I noticed her smile a little bit like she knew something that I didn’t then she replied. 

“When I first arrived here I saw your number compared to mine and I was shocked too. I should’ve been much more close to death than you. But after being here awhile I’ve had a lot of time to reflect on my life on a way deeper level, and talk to others about their lives as well. I’ve realized something. Life isn’t mean to be lived doing nothing. We weren’t made to be safe and not take risks. Living life is experiencing things and adventuring. It’s about taking risks and creating memories. The time I spent living life on the edge and coming close to injuries was when I was REALLY living. All those times you sat out you were dying. Life is how you perceive it to be. I have had time to talk to many different people here of all ages I’ve noticed something about everyone. People regret the chances they DIDN’T take rather than the ones they did. Why would you play it safe when we’re all gonna end up here anyways?”

I sat dumbfounded and shocked. I felt lost and wasteful of my life. I looked around once again at the misty forest and put my head down.. she was right. 