Silence fell as everyone on the spacecraft listened to the song and viewed the accompanying image. The last pieces of content on the golden disc they found on Voyager.

They'd been rather impressed by the record, thus far. It included greetings in various human languages, natural sounds of the humans' planet, images of mathematical formulas and DNA structures. A grand, cosmic greeting. A clever move by a fledgling species to attract attention. They had set their course for Earth when they found it. It was about time someone visited the poor things, anyway.

Until they came to the end of the record. They stared at the spindly-looking, red-haired human jigging in place, and listened carefully to the words. The humans were obsessed with music: the song must hold some special meaning for them.

*Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you...* 

"What is it - the anthem of their planet, perhaps? What do the words mean?" the commander growled in a language every species on board could understand, the eyes of both his heads narrowed in suspicion. 

The Intergalactic Species Specialist on board, ISS-431, an AI with precise knowledge of every custom and culture of every sentient species on record, consulted its databasis.

"They're reassuring us they will not abandon us - or 'give up on us', in other words," it said. "This melody is used as a joke among humans, I believe. A 'prank', they call it."

"Them giving up on *us*," the commander repeated. "Ah. I know, this prank is an example of that phenomenon again - you told me the humans are very fond of it."

"Sarcasm," the AI said, and nodded. "Yes, that might be it. A carefully considered, biting reference to the fact that no species *has* visited them yet."

"And to think we were about to do that," the commander seethed, suddenly leaning forward and snapping the record. 

The AI winced to itself and tried not to think how much effort went into the record's construction. The commander, Azik, was of the Zeron species - infamous throughout the multiverse for their intelligence, violent tempers and pride. They didn't take kindly to jokes against them.

"The arrogance! Using their sarcasm against *us*! Sentient species must not be visited for some millennia to develop without interference, they know that. No-one 'deserted' or 'gave up' on them," Azik said. "What a petulant, childish species. Have they no patience?"

The AI opened its mouth to interrupt and point out that Earth had actually never been told of the 'no contact' rule. The idea to inform new species of the reasons *why* no-one ever visited them, to prevent mass existential dread, had only been implemented after the humans had been discovered. But Azik was on a roll.

"I'll teach them to try their silly sarcasm. We will extend their exile. No contact. Let's see how they like actually being deserted," Azik said, and turned the ship around from its trajectory towards Earth. "ISS-431, send Earth the message. No species will visit them for another century. Inform the other ships in the vicinity of their solar system. Ha! Let's see if they send another *joke* after that!"

ISS-431 nodded and made as if to go send the message. The other species on board quickly lost interest as they put the humans out of their minds. No-one was watching whether he carried out the order or not.

ISS-431 picked up the golden shards of the record, feeling a wave of sadness. It was a touch unsophisticated, but still a beautiful thing. He wouldn't send the message.

The Zeron had been the very first species to master space travel - their age and power held enough sway that the others would obey the order. 

What the humans didn't know couldn't hurt them, after all. 

------------

**Earth**

Todd snickered to himself as he added the image to the new record. 

He'd been a unappreciated, insignificant cog in the grand clockwork of NASA for years. Okay, so he'd only landed the job in the first place because his uncle was on the Board, but they should have promoted him by now. Instead, they gave him the grunt work: like triple-checking the material put onto the Voyager records. He deserved more respect. The new intern was more popular than him, for fuck's sake. 

He liked the subtlety of his latest joke: an image of a photoshopped gorilla peering out of the clouds, slipped in amidst symbolic pictures of the world religions.

Of course, the real joke was on these people, actually believing in aliens, of all things. Hell, they kept sending these records, as if hoping the aliens would come knocking any day now. Todd chuckled as he attached the Rick Astley song again, for good measure. 

That one never got old.

---------

*Hope you liked my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.*

