Darkness. All encompassing darkness with hints of light peeking through.

That's all I could see. After all, my hands are over my face. The face of Tivir Valkynhym. The feared right hand of Emperor Azedyne the 4th. Well, the LATE Emperor Azedyne. No thanks to numb nuts Kazeroth Shatterfist and his merry party. Typical golden boy hero, Skeevy looking rogue (looks like they just picked him out of a tavern, is there no such sense in this hero bullshit anymore?), A relatively attractive priestess with a blank, almost contemplative look on her waifish face (doesn't seem to be experiencing any emotions right now, shock, perhaps?), and, the fuck? A fucking Necromancer?! 

No, I've had enough, I'm going home. I push myself away from the wall, uncovering my face to do so, And make for the palace entrance, before being called out to by Kazeroth.

"Hold right there, servant!" Oh, is that right?

"Servant? Hah, check the quarters over there by the throne. Leave me be, you imbecile. I'm going home to contemplate the meaning of fruitless endeavors."

"Stop right there, knave! Explain yourself!" Kazeroth exclaims, hefting the slab of metal he probably calls a greatsword at me.

Knave. I hate that word. Revile it, actually. It's all Azedyne called me for the first ten of thirty years I spent orchestrating his downfall. The constant lash outs, The abuse from all manners of palace personnel, I came to hate that word and everything it stood for. So, finding myself in front of this hulking man only came naturally.

"Knave? KNAVE?! YOU HAVE SOME FUCKING GALL, GOLDEN BOY! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU'VE JUST DONE?! THE UTTER FUCKING HELL I PUT MYSELF THROUGH TO GET THROUGH TO THIS POINT, TO HAVE TRUE, UNFETTERED LIBERTY WRESTED AWAY BECAUSE OF SOME DODDERING, HAMHOCK-FISTED FOOL AND HIS MERRY BAND?!"

"You speak nonsense, servant!" Kazeroth huffed.

"I'M NOT A FUCKING SERVANT! I'M HIS RIGHT HAND! AND YOU JUST SCREWED THIS ENTIRE OPERATION!

"I-"

"No. FUCK YOU. Shut up. Years upon years of gaining this asshole's trust, enduring savage beatings one after another, turning away innocent people looking for refuge, killing others in his name just for daring to look at Azedyne the wrong way, gone. Up in smoke. There's blood on my hands I'll never be able to get rid of now, and it was all for nothing."

"Just explain yourself!"

"I AM, YOU MISERABLE SHITHEAD!"

Kazeroth, losing steam at this point, sighed and motioned for me to continue.

"I spent thirty long years getting to this point. I have both created, and endured hell. He was to pass in his sleep, due to the toxins I had mixed into his food! Gone. Wasted effort. I was supposed to succeed the throne and fix this. Now it's anyone's game in the royal court now. Any, single, ONE, of those pompous children has a shot at the throne now. And it's all thanks to" A big ol' facetious smile, "Our great big hero, Slab Crunchbeef! Well done, hero! You fucked up!"

"I...I don't follow."

"Of COURSE you don't. You fucking hero types are all the same. Get blessed with some otherwordly bullshit, and all of a sudden the world's problems can be fixed with a TARRY HO and and swing of that fucking slab. Well congrats. The status quo gets to move forward, thanks to your efforts. Big fucking job. Now, piss off. You've done enough."

A heavy sigh. Kazeroth calls out to his companions to disperse. The only one that doesn't leave immediately is the priestess, and even then she takes her time. The only ones left are Kazeroth and myself, with Kazeroth standing near the doorway to the court hall, and myself at the foot of the table.

"I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to accomplish here, but I will not be deterred. You will bow before my might, advisor! Prepare yourself!"

I can't even hold back my scoff at this point. "Oh what, Emperor's blood wasn't enough, want to try killing me too? I told you to piss off, Kazzy-boy. Now fucking leave me alone." I cut out as I step towards the door, maneuvering behind Kazeroth.

"Walk out those doors, right now, and I'll have you hunted down and lynched, knave."

My eyes fly open, hands trembling in unfettered rage. " Say that word one more fucking time."

"Oh what, the little whipping knave doesn't like name call-URK!"

That did it. In one fluid motion, Duplise, the dagger I've carried with me for so long, ever since my first robbery all those years ago in the slums of Raumourn, the wicked, curved, tempered black blade that was meant for so much more, found its way into my hand and surreptitiously into the back of Kazeroth's neck in a, personally, unrivaled speed.

"You insipid fool. I've been at this "hero" ideal for longer than you. You don't know what it's like to fight for your meals from mad beasts just to stay alive. Cutting your way into cattle just to survive another cold night. I've made being a thief and assassin into an art form long before "Milord" swept me off the streets by the scruff of my neck for daring to steal a handmaiden of his' coin purse. I suffered in that dungeon before he shackled me to servitude. Every pain filled moment spent plotting that vile man's demise in the most complete way possible. I've lost sight of the thrill seeking boy I used to be, can't even recognize myself any more. But the one thing I vowed I would NEVER tolerate, is some ponce calling me a knave. I DESPISE that word. I was content to let you walk. Was, being the word. You've earned this, "Hero". Just remember that as you meet Asedyne. You've doomed a country, nay, CONTINENT, with your actions."

"Y...you...bast-" GHHHKK! "Urgllh! Gahh......"

Kazeroth's massive, plate mail clad form falls to the floor, unmoving as I withdraw my blade. Let everyone else sort the details out. I don't care anymore.

As I walk through the castle halls towards the exit, the priestess from before stares at the scene I left.

"...You killed him." She utters. A melodious sing song voice befitting a woman of the clergy echoes through the dingy hall.

"Yes, I did. You heard everything, you have your story. Brand me a villain, if you must. They won't catch me. Not anymore." I grunt out, shuffling past.

A shake of her head, accenuated by flowing red tresses waving in her own efforts.

"No, just...Wait! Please!"

I stop just as my hand meets the massive double doors.

"...Hm." I plaintively reply.

"You mean to tell me you were trying to slay Azedyne?"

"Indeed so, priestess. Servant room by the throne I mentioned. Third room down the hall on the left. Cabinet by the wicker chair, third shelf. Documented everything." 

"...If what you say is true, then...Then I can bring this to my fellow clergymen! I can have your name cleared! Just, why?! Why kill him?! HE WAS JUST TRYING TO HELP!"

That question wouldn't of bothered me from anyone else, but somehow, I can't look anywhere but down at my feet, despondent.

"You spent more time with him than I did. However, I spent all of ten minutes in that room with him and instantly got the feeling he was just another glory seeking war hound. Maybe I don't know better, but are you that naive? To see that could've ultimately ended in utter tragedy? I invite you to check those quarters for those documents. Maybe then you'll understand why. Until then, I'm going home to contemplate my life."

Just as I've started to set out beyond the door's the priestess' voice calls out to me again. Sighing, I turn around and regard her with mild interest.

"May I at least have your name? So I know who to look for?" She questions. Confused, verdant irises call out to my defeated form.

It takes me a while to say something to those almost innocent eyes. "...Tivir. Tivir Valkynhym. Yours? So I know who not to stab?"

She flinches. Understandable. "Melfina Courtwright."

Intriguing. "Heiress to Wayne Courtwright Shipping Enterprises?"

She looks off to the side. "The very same."

"Hm. One of the very contenders to the throne in a case such as this, yet taking vows of the religious variety, almost denouncing material wealth. Well, you have your answer. Go. Find your own answers."

I give out a rough goodbye, not even really sure it can be called that, and start off for the plot of land I had purchased in my spare time. It was time I absolve myself of the multi-headed snake known as politics. But first, there was a town or two on the way, maybe it was time to cut a purse or two along the way. Get some of that practice back.

After all, what law is there in a land without an Emperor?