Typical...IKEA delivered the toy chest, sans a few extra parts, that looked like they belonged somewhere, but seemed to always seem to be found after the furniture had been “finished”.

Apparently, even IKEA had problems putting together their own furniture; I was out the $75 preconstructed fee, and I would have to rearrange this jigsaw puzzle myself.

Looking the hodgepodge of cardboard and paper, it was apparent that they had also taken the English Instruction manual.  What remained was a vaguely Spanish looking manual.  I say vaguely Spanish in that I knew some basic Spanish phrases, and it didn’t seem as though this particular manual was in the dialect of Spanish that I could understand, though to be fair, speaking is different then reading or writing.

I pulled out my phone, scanning the booklet for some sort of helpline.  “Hey Ciry, please call    1-800-443-9622.”  I was glad the phone was on speaker, as the resulting receiver only yielded angry aggressive static, along with squeaks, blips and groaning, which would have freaked me out more had it been right next to my ear.  I tried calling twice more, but the line seemed to continue to have the same issues.


Growing impatient, I tried something else, “Hey Ciry, please translate”.  The clicks and whirls of the phone signaled the preparations.  I went and read the first line, “dies arae, dies illa.”  The whirling on the phone indicates it was thinking. “I’m sorry,” said the robotic Australian voice on the phone, “could you please repeat that?”

Looking closer, I noticed a vaguely sinister depiction of green child in a costume inside the trunk, along with a big red circle and an x.  The point was moot, however, as I had no children that could go hide in the box-rather it was just a fun little storage container to recapture my lost youth.

I cleared my throat to enounciate as clear as possible, “ dies erae, dies illa, solvet...”

Again the artificially cheerful robotic voice chimes in, “did you mean: 
    Dies irae, dies illa
    Solvet Saeclum in favilla
    Teste Mephistopheles cum sibylla.
    Quantos tremor est futurus
    Quando Vindex est venturus
    Cuncta stricte discussurus.
    Dies irae, dies illa!”

The room started to shake, and from the chest sprang forward a tall, thin gentleman in a top hat.  The room began to smell like dead dry leaves, and I noticed it became appreciatively warmer.

In a voice that matched the way he smelled, the overdressed gentleman rasped, “where is Ciry?  I have been summoned to serve her in exchange for her soul, what does she wish of me?”

Looking at my phone, then at the unfinished toy chest, I pointed, “I think she would want you to fix that up for starters....”
