This species has been known to court throughout the year, but the trend tends toward the end of spring for most individuals. See this male- grooming his fur, making use of various plants to hide his natural musk, he is showing all the earmarks of a male in search of a mate.

He has been carefully selecting his target for weeks. Size, shape, disposition, social rank, and past mates all play a factor in his decision. He has been observing for some time now, waiting for the time to strike. She is surrounded by her gaggle currently, and though one female may be of little concern the gaggle could well be lethal if they do not accept him. She moves in the direction of the women's restroom, but alas, the gaggle follows. 

The pressure is on for this young male, he knows that he must act soon in order to secure her affections before a larger male makes his way to her. Deciding perhaps to risk the entire gaggle, he moves to intercept! But wait, he's stopped by the way, calling out to her specifically. Though these animals have little control over their vocal chords they are still able to discern each other's specified name among the warbling horde - fascinating.

In a bold show of cunning, he has distracted the gaggle by claiming that a teacher - a related, though larger species - has asked for the chosen female to come speak with it. As soon as she is isolated from the gaggle and their killing teeth, he makes his move.

See here, he is making a series of grunts and moans, meant to communicate his true motives to the female. But there us trouble. She shows signs of duress, widening of the eyes, and showing clearly her canine teeth, made for self-defense, she begins to chirp her responce. The male begins to twitch, his muscles at the ready should he need to flee the gaggle in case it returns. Just when it seems that she is about to flee, out come the cellular devices used by these simians to converse and denote social status. Their numbers exchanged, the male cracks under the pressure and bolts back to the safety of his cackle. 

Though things look bright ahead for the young male, what he does not know is that the leader of his cackle has already asked this particular female out to the dance next Saturday. In fact, they have already held hands twice behind the math building. Being that only one may escort her as a mate, and that the leader of his cackle is a prominent competitor of the school's lacrosse team, chances of his success are fairly low.

It is unlikely that he will survive the winter.