I’m not gonna lie.

Death fucking sucked at first.  Then again, I shouldn’t be whining about how I went. There are people up here who had it far worse… cancer patients, murder victims, suicides that went horribly right.  There’s even a guy here, a deep sea diver, who literally exploded when someone opened the decompression chamber he was in an hour too early.  Compared to what they went though, my end was quick and painless.  

One moment, I sitting at the intersection of a busy street in my beat up Camry, praying that the traffic light would turn green as soon as possible so I could drive far away from my shitty job at Pizza Hut to drink and play World of Warcraft.  The next… something that weighed at least a metric fuckton plowed into my car, accelerating us into oncoming traffic and the chorus of screeching tires and blaring horns before plunging me into deep, dark oblivion.  

And then I woke up here.

Well, as it turned out, there was really such thing as an afterlife.

At this part, I wish I could say that I couldn’t wait for the day when my pretentious atheist friends from college died so I could see them piss themselves once they realized that they were wrong.  But that never happened.

You wanna know why?

Because just moments after I crossed into the Shangrila of the Netherworld, CNN posed a breaking news bulletin that changed everything.  Scientists in Geneva unlocked the secret to immortality.

And I fucking missed it by mere seconds thanks to some asshat who never should have been allowed to have a driver’s license.  

Everyone who was already in the afterlife rushed up to congratulate me, as if being the last person to die ever was as big of an accomplishment as winning twenty gold medals at the Olympics or being the first man on the moon, reassuring me that even though it was such a shame that this had to happen.  The afterlife wasn’t so bad.  

I thought this place was the worst at first.  I didn’t want to be here.  I wanted to be back in the world of the living, logged into World of Warcraft and fighting in some epic battle alongside my guild.  I wanted to graduate from college, but not before losing my virginity.  I wanted to go on to work in the tech field and make enough so that I can spend my nineties in a nice retirement home, still playing video games.  Maybe one day meet a nice nerd and settle down.  And don’t get me started on the things I was going to miss.  How could I read “The Winds of Winter” when George R.R. Martin was still in another plane of existence?

Anyway, you guys remember that episode of “American Dad” where the Rapture took place and Hailey and Steve ended up in Heaven and found out that they were got to chill out in suites that catered to their every whim?  That is what the afterlife is like.  Only I haven’t seen a unicorn crap out hamburgers yet.  Not that I want to.  Unicorns aren’t really my thing.  But whatever your mind comes up with, it materializes right before your eyes.  I got to see my grandparents again (though Gramps was disappointed with how I turned out; then again, it’s hard to please the man who parachuted into Normandy during D-Day and liberated Nazi concentration camps when he was my age), along with my favorite aunt who died from breast cancer when I was thirteen and my best friend Taylor, who drowned while swimming in Lake Michigan the summer before the tenth grade.  Hell, even my old cat Frodo was here!  Shit, my parents told me he ran away while I was at summer camp!     

It took some getting used to, but I adapted in my new life.  

Time to time, over the decades, I did wonder what the rest of my family, my friends, my guild, and that waste of cells who got me here were up to.  I could only imagine that sudden immortality wasn’t something that was easy to adjust to, especially after the untimely passing of yours truly.  But I never really had the desire to do so.  I was too busy catching up with Taylor on what we missed and playing newer, more awesome RPGs in a new guild that included the likes of J.R.R. Tolkein and Eric the Red.   

Then one day, I guess you can say that my curiosity got the better of me.  I asked Gran how I could check up on the ones I had left behind.  She smiled sadly and led me out to an observation deck on the edge of the afterlife.  It honestly reminded me of the one I had seen at Yosemite when I was a kid, down to the old-fashioned telescopes that needed a quarter to operate.  

“Instead of change, all you have to do is say the name of who you want to see, and it’ll show you,” she said before I mounted the worn steel steps and peered into the eyepiece that gazed out into the foggy expanse that stretched out below us.  

There were things that surprised me and didn’t surprise me.  Mom and Dad had split up decades ago, but they looked pretty happy with their new partners even though seeing Mom with another woman took me by surprise (I would have never guessed).  I was proud of my sister for doing what I could never do… earning her tenth doctorate at the age of sixteen.  And I did shed tears at finding out that my old guild had disbanded fifty years ago.  My old friends had also split up.  Some decided to use their new ability to contemplate the meaning of life itself or build meaningful relationships with those they loved.  Others decided to abuse it by engaging in things that would make even the Jackass guys think they were insane.  

And then there was Asshat.

Oh, that fucking piece of shit.  The bane of my afterlife.  My personal trouble in paradise.  
I stared into the eyepiece and what I saw made my blood boil like a brimstone pit in the deepest, darkest circle of Hell.  

There he was, sitting at a bar somewhere in the shittiest neighborhood in Newark, swinging back yet another glass of Mr. Boston’s cherry brandy.  Despite the ability to never grow a day older, his shrunken tollerberry of a brain could still feel the effects that alcohol can have after way too many drinks.  He was laughing at a bad joke cracked by a weaselly looking guy with a receding hairline and aviator glasses a few seats away before reaching around and tweaking a bottle-blonde’s cellulite-scarred bottom that was spilling out of a lime-green thong and neon pink lycra shorts that were two-sizes two small.

I gritted my teeth, close to screaming as I watched him stumble out of the divebar and into an SUV had had seen a number of crashes and close-calls in its time.  

When he put the key in the ignition and fired up the engine, I couldn’t take it anymore.

I tore away from the telescope and puked up my breakfast (Eggs Woodhouse and Mountain Dew) onto the flagstones.  

Gran rushed over and took me in her arms.  My breaths were short and ragged.  Sweat broke out on my brow.  My lips quivering.  And then for the first time in a century, I broke down crying.

This wasn’t fair.

Cthulhufuckingdammit, this wasn’t fucking fair.  

Here I am, the end result of this shitstain’s shitty mistake, watching as he got to repeat the same mistake in a world that no longer offered any consequences for him.  If Asshat got hard time, he never took it to reflect on what got him there.  No, I bet that the moment he got out, he went on to do the same goddamn thing year after year, decade after decade, and even a century after century.  Only this time, what was the point of throwing him back in jail?  No one can die anymore thanks to some guys in Switzerland!  

I don’t remember how long it was until I was back at my suite with Taylor sitting back at my side.

“Hey, you wanna talk about it?”

I shook my head.  By now, whatever I felt at the observation deck had since left.  Instead, there was something darker, more troubling brewing in my mind.  A true disturbance of the Force that only the worst thing a person could have witnessed produce.  

With death and whatever waited for shit nuggets like him in the afterlife now out of the equation, the ways to punish him were limited.  Even if he went to jail, he would still get out after several years.  There was no one who would be hurt by him now.  And who knows how many people Asshat had hurt before me?

I wanted this sonovabitch to suffer.  And I meant truly suffer.    

And so, with a smirk that, had he been walking by and witnessed at the opportune moment, would have given Stanley Kubrick the chills, I looked up at Tayor.  “Hey,” I said, “you’ve been here longer than me.  Do you think it’s possible to pay a visit back to the old world?”

I could barely contain my glee when I got to this line.  One out of millions I have always wanted to say. 

“I have a score to settle.”  

______________

Thank you for reading.  I don't have a personal subreddit.  In fact, this is my first post on r/writingprompts in over two years.  What I would really appreciate would be feedback.  