I’ve lost count of the number of time jumps I’ve made, but it took me a long time before I recognized the truth.  I imagine the jumps number in the tens of thousands - perhaps more. 

 At first, the randomization of my appearance fascinated me as much as jumping through time itself.  I made it a point to always examine my appearance every time I made a jump.  If mirrors weren’t available, there were always still bodies of water.  Honestly, I can hardly even remember my original face.  Years ago, I remember thinking ‘wouldn’t it be funny if everyone was just me?’  At the time, the thought hadn’t been serious.  I wish I could go back to those times. 

I’m shivering, but I’ve learned to ignore it.  I’ve come to associate being cold with the nebulous concept of ‘the past.’  Cold, uncomfortable, dirty, brutal.  It was easier to tolerate it in the early days when I still saw myself as an outsider.

That all started to change when I started seeing familiar faces.  My own faces - or at least variations of myself created by the time machine.  The first time could have been brushed off as a coincidence.  With however many humans that have lived for however many of thousands of years, I expected to see some doppelgangers.  But after the fourth time of seeing one of my own faces, I started searching them out.  I tried to deny it.  I tried to deny it for a long time.  Something about the concept chilled me to my core.

I’m shivering again, wincing at the coils jabbing me through the thin mattress on my cot, and the throbbing pain around my wrists and ankles.

  “We’re all the same person!” someone screams from across the hall.  The words echo and blend with the wails of pain and anguish from all the other versions of me.  “Oh God, we’re all the same!”

   “Am I going to have to sedate you again?  You’re upsetting everyone.”  It’s the voice of the nurse.  She might be a version of me, but her voice still fills me with a mix of dread mingled with relief.  She - they - I’ve taken away the time machine ages ago.  I don’t envy the version of me that has it now.  I don’t envy them for what they will come to learn.

She’s coming nearer to my room - or should I call it a cell?  I’ve already pissed and shit my own bed.  I remind myself that when they bring me my food, I’ll have to remember to attack them again - or at least try.  I’m strapped to the bed now, but the bonds sometimes break.  Patients that are troublesome enough get to enjoy the new miracle cure they call the ‘lobotomy.’

Miracle cure indeed.  Maybe once they scramble my brains, I can finally be at peace.  I can finally forget the fact that everyone is Me and I am Alone.  Utterly, utterly Alone.


note: this is my first WP