We'd been fighting the Demons for centuries. Nightmares from old stories and religious rantings. Real demons, by all appearances. The world of technology was a fairy tale, lights that required no fire; weapons that fired small pieces of lead and tungsten to rip and tear the enemy; even little boxes families gathered around on padded chairs to eat and worship. I'd seen all of it on scavenged texts and pictures.

We weren't defenseless though. Without light, there can be no darkness. Holy texts of old, angelic symbols and sigils, words of devout power. We even scratched holy symbols onto blades, shields, and armor. They worked, but not well enough. Maybe they lacked the power we needed, or maybe we lacked the faith to make them powerful.

I was one of the Holy Warriors of Our Light. I'd been fighting for going on 23 years now, barely 40 and one of the most veteran Holy Warriors I knew. They say to fear an old man in a job where men die young. I didn't feel fearsome, I felt afraid most of the time.

I felt afraid until the Demons would come for one of their raids. Usually at night, and they loved the rains. The unnatural heat of our world they'd brought with them always made the fog too thick for a man to breathe easily, let alone see far or clearly. Those were the nights they'd climb our walls, or if large enough, just crush their way through them. When I saw them, humanoid but not quite human; like a morbid satire of humans, my fear vanished.

The edicts of Holy Warriors say to fight with righteousness in your heart, faith in Our Light, and the acceptance that your death buys our species one more day. I had none of these within me.

All I had was rage.

Rage for a dead wife and son. Rage for a world where my species was being exterminated. Rage for the futility of our ever losing war against the Demons.

In the midst of one of these raids, the demons came in larger numbers than usual. Their armies grew while ours shrank. It was a massacre that lasted hours. We'd fell back again and again, but we were trapped. Nowhere else to run. 

My arms ached from swinging my blade and what was left of my shield. My throat was raw and burning from the screams of rage and hatred. I bled from a dozen cuts, some worst than I'd like, others better. The front line of Demons closed in on us as I smelled fresh piss and mumbled prayers from my side. Faith until the end for some of us. The lead demons lunged and with a roar I fully intended to take as many to Hell with me as I could.

And suddenly I was screaming with arms raised to strike down an old man standing in a...library? Library would be the right term if libraries stocked weapons instead of books.

"Well hello, Holy Warrior." The old man said with a hint of humor in his face.

"W-what? W-where? Who?" I said as I looked around and back to the old man who could only chuckle, remove one wrinkled hand from his crimson robe, and touch my forehead with a finger. I felt soothing waves wash through my body and mind. I looked down to see my wounds healed, the mud and grime and blood washed clean from my body, and my armor repaired. The holy symbols etched onto the surface of the metal shown brightly, the armor having been cleaned as if new. Something felt off though. Suddenly I realized my blade and my shield were gone, I looked around with near panic. A Holy Warrior was never without his weapons.

"You won't be needing those. There is a weapon in this hall just for you, and I thought it better to make you presentable to whichever chooses you." Seeing my confused expression he elaborated. "You see, Holy Warrior, these are the weapons of all humanity's long history. Some of these weapons were gifts from the divine, some are cursed, some have made men into kings, and others have destroyed entire kingdoms." He gestured out into the huge expanse of the building, and my eyes began to pick out each weapon. Countless swords, axes, bows, staves, and some weapons I had no idea what they were or how a man would wield them. Suddenly a thought occurred to me, and my rage smoldered into flame and pushed away my awe and wonder.

"You've been sitting on all of these weapons of power, while humanity is slowly choked off by the Demons, and just now you're deciding to help!?" I took a step towards the old man, fully intending to do something stupid.

"He's mine..." I heard the words, but the calm-faced old man's lips had never moved. I stopped my foolish advance, and cocked my head in confusion as his expression turned sad while he searched my face. Resignation replaced sadness and he nodded his head.

"These are items of great power, and only to be used when humanity is in dire peril, or at a turning point in history. It would seem, from the voice you just heard, this is a situation that will be forever considered a dire turning point." The old man stepped aside and gestured.

I took off walking quickly, my anger returning. This old man sat on the salvation of the world, comfortable in his soft-carpeted, warm and dry library. Safe and secure.

The embers of rage grew brighter, my throat burned. This old man didn't have to bury what was left of his family, a young wife and a son barely in his teens, torn to ribbons and hastily placed in a shallow grave as ground was given to the Demons.

My anger flamed as I rounded a corner, now jogging through the darkest part of the library. Far ahead and on the right, I could feel a source of great heat. It didn't warm my body or burn my face, instead of stoked the roaring fires inside my chest. The Demons. I'd find a weapon of power and make them pay to the very last.

I'd take from them everything, I'd leave nothing behind for them to have.

Sprinting now, I turned the corner and pulled up short quickly. Hanging on a rack on the wall was a sword. It was huge in appearance. The dull gray blade at least five feet long, over a foot wide at the base where it ran into a cross guard and hilt seemingly made from black stone. Set into the wide blade, centered, was a pebble of the same black stone. As the sword hung with the blade pointed down, it seemed blood leaked from this pebble, a thin line of it ever-flowing and dripping from the point of the blade.

My anger calmed at the sight of this blade, subsiding from a raging inferno to a sustained hearth fire. Comfortable and warm.

"Aren't you a sad sort." The voice in my head scoffed at me.

"Who are you?" I asked the blade, feeling a little foolish speaking to a weapon. Idly I wondered how a man would even swing such a weapon. It must weigh over a hundred pounds. My eyes locked onto the pebble and I felt as if it had a gaze locked onto me as well.

"I am a special weapon, given to mankind when you were barely more than a science experiment. I was the first weapon to taste human blood and I gave your kind the gift of 'murder'." The voice was smug, very proud of itself. Suddenly a story from the Texts of Our Light came to mind. A stone, the first weapon to taste human blood... the rage that drove a young man to kill his brother.

"You... you're the stone?" My head filled with grating laughter.

"Yes! Now you get it, boy! And I'm finally back in the game. Your rage, your anger, the blind fury of your loss. I can use all of that to make you something great. All you have to do is pick me up, and bathe me in blood again." The voice screamed, frantic gleeful rage shining through in it's tone.

"Something great?" I mumbled. It was a tempting offer, but the enormity of what...who I was dealing with. The oldest and first weapon we'd ever raised against anything. This stone gave birth to violence, and violence had been king of human existence for hundreds of thousands of years. My thoughts were interrupted by the voice.

"Come boy, let's show them there's worst things than Demons to fear. The Demons see your kind as a free lunch, but we can change that. Soon your rage will shake them in their nests. You'll be the stories they tell to caution their young on raids. We can chase them to the ends of your world speaking the only language they understand: Violence."

My anger rose, as did my hand. I reached for the blade, my face and eyes burning with fury and exhilaration. I took the handle and lifted the huge weapon. I was struck by how little the sword weighed, how well it fit into my hand, how it felt as if it belonged in my hand.

I heard a gasp from behind me, as I turned to see the old man. He looked sad and frightened as he looked down at my body, instead of the weapon in my hand. I followed his gaze, the holy etchings on my silvery armor were just finishing twisting into some foreign perversion of themselves, the metal of the armor darkening until it was as if soot had been baked across every surface, the twisted symbols a dark blood red.

I heard the stone on the blade hum, as if words were no longer needed, and I knew what to do. New strength snapped through me as my form flowed forward a few feet, fluid and deadly, the blade cutting through the old man and his robes as if it was only dead air that occupied the space. The stone roared with laughter in my head, pure glee and happiness filled me and bolstered my rage even further. As his top half crumpled next to his bottom half, I could only sneer and speak with a voice I wasn't so sure was my own.

"Your inability to act and save my kind led to this. You get to be first to experience the salvation I'll bring humanity."

I turned and began walking back towards the beginning of the great hall, blackened footprints and drops of blood in my wake... as it would always be.