Blessings are, well... they're blessings. Sometimes they hook you up with a good one, like getting your food before everyone else at a restaurant or always getting your side on a coin flip.

Mine, however, is utter shit. Every time I go to a fast food joint, they get my order right.

You may be thinking "Dog, that's badass! I'd kill if I could get them to remove pickles every time!". Well it's not as amazing as you'd think. See, with a coin flip, you get to place odds on anything and win. With mine, they remember to put extra special sauce on my Big Mac without question. I indulge in momentary pleasure, then my blessing is of no use to me... until I got my new job.

See, I'm 25. Went to an ivory league college straight out of High School because my parents are a couple of narcissists and never let me have fun. Needless to say I performed well in college, got my business degree at 23, and I'm now working at the literal perfect place for me. McDonald's HQ. 

Now this is a little known fact, but everyone at HQ is fat as fuck. Like, damn. Lots of obese people, especially the big boss man himself. So that begs another question, "Who fucking cares?" I do, and you should to. Because guess what, these guys are the ones that make those delectable little shit piles. The Western, the Big Mac, and of course the McRib. They thrive on this shit and they know what tastes good, that's why they make this stuff. 

So I got an idea.

Why not go to McDonalds, start ordering a pleathera of bizzar shit, and see if I can't make some shit they'd like? Well, it turns out my blessing actually came through, because I discovered an interesting twist. The don't just get my order right, they make whatever I tell them to make. It's like I have the fucking word of God, I can bend those cooks to my will, and I made some WEIRD orders, let me tell you.

My first experiment was a catastrophe. A Filet O Fish, but with a whole piece of cheese, mac sauce, and pickles. Turns out steamed buns can't take that kind of moisture... also it tasted horrible. I was going to call it a Big Fish... marketing isn't my forte. Whatever, I had to start trying different stuff. I had to think less "combination" but more "Original...ation". I had to come up with something new, something bold. 

I. Tried. Everything.

As it turns out there was more to this food than just being fat and knowing what tastes good. There was a formula I was missing. And I'm not kidding by the way, I really did try everything. Big Mac with 1/4 pounder patty's, double cheeseburgers with whole onions. Hell, I started analyzing the menu to get ingredients. My work started to degrade with how much effort I was putting into this. These fat fucks issued me a warning, little did they know I was cooking up a dammed masterpiece. See, I realised what I was doing wrong. I was adding stuff to old items. I had to start from the ground up. I needed to make something TRULY new.

Then they released a pretzel bun. And my prayers were answered.

Like a fucking homecoming queen I was giddy as can be because I had an idea for a burger a long time ago, mind you this shit was months in the making. I goes like this:

Pretzel bottom
Honey Mustard
Patty
Swiss cheese
Patty
Swiss cheese
Carmalized onions
Pretzel top

Even my skinny ass thought it tasted great. I brought this shit to the big boss man and he loved it. He asked me "How'd you make this?" I told him me and the boys in the test kitchen have been whipping it up for a while but in reality I was playing him like a fiddle. I was Johnny, and he was Lucy. And he gave me a promotion on the spot. Vice CEO. I can't make this shit up, he was so taken aback by how good this burger was that he put me in the number two spot. My mission was accomplished.

But it wasn't enough. Not even close.

I needed to be top dog. I have a golden ticket, I needed to get there. I start making good with boss man. Start talking with him, asking him what his favorite foods are. One day I see him munching on doritos, so I give them a call.

"Hi, this is ----- from McDonalds, I was wondering if you be interested in a promotion?... Well, we took a look at your wide array of delicious snacks and we took an interest in your spicy nacho flavor. We want to make a spicy nacho crumble that accents a new burger we are designing... Yes but how long have you been with Taco Bell now? They have Mt. Dew they'll be fine, come to us and we'll make some real money..."

Two weeks later we introduced our Flaming Angus burger. 1 month later, Taco Bell filed for bankruptcy. By that point the promotion had ended so we couldn't give less of a shit about our broken trust with Doritoes, we were just happy we stopped those chinco fucks from dominating the Mexican market. So naturally I suggested we put tacos on the menu. Boss man suggested I was a gift from God. 

This all happened within the span of three months, mind you. Now I was going to Boss Mans family functions. I saw his daughter play piano for a talent show. I go over to his house every Friday for dinner. I gained his trust. Then "tragedy" struck. Pancreatic cancer. Terminal. He was dying, FAST.

The first thing he did was make a Will. Guess who was on it? Apparently, it's his legal right to a lot his position to whoever he deems fit in the case that he has to "step down". So, he put on there I was to assume the position of CEO upon his death. I made it. 

Things were steady for a while, he showed me the ropes, nothing I already new, but I was sucking this guys dick till the grave. I was doing whatever he wanted, just so I can ride my way to the top.

Then he went into remission. Fucker.

Had to think of something else. I had to get in that chair. Then I thought of something brilliant. Big Mac, but with laundry detergent. Buy it with cash, wear some gloves, and some teenager gets the blame. Perfect plan.

So I go. "Yeah one Big Mac. Put some laundry detergent on there for me. Thanks." Before you ask, yes, they have washers in McDonalds. For the towels they clean with. I've got my gloves on, I pay with cash, I get the burger, I give it to Boss Man.

"I'm so glad that you're in remission man. You really mean a lot to me. But not as much as that seat." He looks up, with his mouth stuffed. He hasn't noticed. "It may not look like it but this is yet another new creation. I call it The Cleaner. See ya, Boss Man."

He died in pain, but I could care less. I was given shit since birth and I made the best of it. I worked fucking hard man. HARD. The world had no right giving that to me. And now I sit in the CEO's chair, and for one good reason.

I'm the best there's ever been.