The two sat there puzzled, what was once joy and frustration radiating from either end of the table turned into confusion. Death had never had anyone beet him before so he had never created a plan for the winner, or if there was once a plan it had long been forgotten. When his rage subsided and he started to ponder what the reward should be, it took Mary out of her celebratory mood and into one of concern. Her mind was racing, she had won but would Death reward her?

Finally, Death broke the silence consuming the room and broke the thoughts consuming Mary. "I must apologize for it seems as though I cannot remember what the reward was. It has been such a long time since any have won my games."

Mary thought for a second realizing she could possibly choose her own reward. "How about returning me to earth?" Mary said confidently.

"No, that can't be done. You were split in two, remember?" Remarked death. "To bring you back would be impossible at this time."

"You can't reincarnate me or anything?"

"I can, sort of. It would wipe your memory though and I have no control over what you will be"

Mary sulked back into thought along with the reaper. "What if you become the new Game Master of the afterlife?" asked the reaper.

"I thought I was getting a reward."

"Fine then I'm out of ideas."

"... What about if I become the new reaper, just for a bit?"

"I thought you said that wasn't a reward. What do you think I do all day?"

"I don't know! Reap souls? You are THE Grim Reaper right?"

"It's not as good as you might think, but if it is what you want as a rewa-"

"Fine I'll think of something else!" interrupted Mary.

Death yawned, and looked at his watch. It was paused in this moment in time as it had been for the past few hours. He stood and stretched. "Well-[Crack]Ahh- I'm going to go grab a coffee, want to come?"

Mary shrugged and left with the reaper to grab a coffee. Where do you grab coffee when you are the reaper? Where else other than somewhere the writer hasn't thought of because this road he made out of this prompt has gotten boring but he doesn't want to scrap it.