Im sitting in the car with this guy. His mom is driving us to our date since both of us arent allowed to drive with other teens in the car. She’s wearing a black dress, as if she’s going to a funeral. He, however, has on a dark grey suit and a red tie. I’m wearing a light grey suit and I have a green tie with red slanted stripes, or maybe a red tie with green stripes.

Maybe ten minutes away, his mom speaks up, “You boys have fun okay? Be careful out there, especially you Dylan, my son can be a handful.”

Edward coughed, stopping his mom from going on any longer. He was holding my hand, our fingers entwined. He let go as we got out of the car at our location, a nice restaurant. His mom reminded us one last time to stay safe and then drove off to wherever she was going.

He linked his arm in mine and we walked into the restaurant. I didn’t expect the staff to take us seriously but Edward snapped and everything seemed to change. We were ushered to a private table near the back of the restaurant. He sat next to me and I looked at him.

His ginger hair looked almost pink with the soft blue light. His green eyes kept me stunned. His face was thin and ovular. I don’t remember either of us ordering but we got food at the table along with sparkling water. His slim fingers snapped again and two people were brought into the area by the staff. They both had black hair and were in suits. They would have been identical if not for the gender differences.

“Luca! Sofia! It’s so good to see the Morreti twins again!”

They were both in suits. They sat themselves down across from us.

“Who’s this?” The brother of the two, Luca, asked.

“This is my date. I figured you two would both come so might as well even out the numbers, yeah?” Edward answered with the confidence of someone who had studied the test answers.

Sofia spoke next, “Okay Eddie, what’s going on with you? What do you need from our Motha?”

“Need? I don’t need anything. I want something.”

“On with it then” The twins impatiently pushed for the information.

“I want the Casino.”

They looked to each other and one motioned to the other. Luca pulled out a flip phone and stepped out of the area. Sofia stayed to keep talking.

Waiters brought more food and drinks, for Luca and Sofia. Luca nodded to Edward.

I sat there dumbfounded by what was around me. Edward told them he was glad everything went smoothly and then they went to small talk. After we ate, the twins left.

“That went well. So Babe, are you up for desert?”