I look at the other me, my hands trembling. The robot me. A splash of red drips off its chin and into the sink. The robot shrugs and puts down the razor. "Oh, hey Robert. I was just trying it out." It waves the blade at me. "Seeing what it felt like to do something so human, you know?" 

It notices me staring at its cut and shrugs, but its face is becoming red.

"Well, it is my first time. What do you expect? Its just a bit of oil though, so don't worry." It pats me on the shoulder as it walks out of the bathroom. "I'm going to get this repaired."

I just nod, dumbly. Unsure what to say. Once it has left, I examine the sink. The blood has mixed with water and now looks like ink. I run my finger over it, blotting it up, bringing it to my tongue. 

The taste almost makes me vomit. Not because of the salt, but because of what it is. It -- *he?* -- is meant to be a robot. A clone version of me, that's not real. That's there for me to play with. To help with my chores and studying. And that is what it has been since we got him a few weeks back. But it's not human.

Not meant to be.

A thought rolls like a wave across my mind, crashing against my better judgement. My hand quivers as I pick up the razor and press it hard against my cheek. I bite down my lip and close my eyes as I slice the blade across my skin.

There is pain, and my cheek is warm; I open my eyes expecting to see blood trickling off my face and splashing into the sink. 

But there is no blood, of course.

The skin on my cheek is split, two flapping folds showing a gaping hole. But no blood within. Just a glint of silver, as I position myself beneath the overhead light. 

I don't find the other me as I walk numbly into the kitchen. Mom is there, and as she sees my face she races to me and grabs my hand. The shock on her face is real but the lie on her tongue is clear.

 "What did you do, Rob? We need to get that stitched up before you start bleeding. We'll be lucky if we don't have to take you to hospital!"

 "What am I?" I ask, voice low.

 A sheen of sweat has already covered her forehead. "Sweetie?"

 "I mean, I know now I'm a robot or an android or whatever the fuck you call them... But... I remember everything, Mom." The word Mom feels wrong. False. She's not a mother. Not to me, not anymore. "Vacations. School. Dad's death. I remember it all."

She tries to smile but tears are running down the grooves in her cheeks. Her shoulders hunch and she looks ten years older. Defeated. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have tried to trick you. I knew it wouldn't work forever, but..."

"Why! Why give me his memories and make me think I'm real!? Why do any of this?"

 Robert, the real Robert I presume, has entered the room. He runs to his mom and puts an arm around her. She leans down and kisses his hair. "I'm sorry, Mom. I tried to shave, and... This is my fault." 

I feel hollow.

 "Why?" I say, venom dripping from my voice, fists balled. "Why trick me?"

 "Because she didn't want to lose me, too," Robert says. 

I shake my head. "Lose you?"

"Like she lost dad."

"Why would she lose you?"

"Because he's dying," Mom whispers.

"What? What do you mean?" I demand, but my fists have already uncurled.

"I have a tumour," Robert says. " A lump growing in my brain. They can't operate and I'm going to die. And when I die, Mom will be all alone."

I want to be sick but nothing comes up. Can I even be sick? "So you gave me his memories and... and when the time came, you'd just replace him? With me?"

"It was my idea," says Robert. "And I know you agree with it, because you're me. Deep down, you know you do."

 I shake my head and my voice is a sour whisper. "No. I'm not you. I will never, ever be *you*. I won't ever agree with what you've done."

"You will," says Robert. "In time. You love Mom every bit as much as I do."

Whatever programming constitutes my heart, blackens, as I grab my jacket and slip on my shoes. 

"Where are you you going?" Robert's Mom asks, her voice almost pleading.

I hear Robert tell her to let me go and that, 'It'll come back, Mom. Always does. Then, well, we'll just have to reset it again', before I slam the door and step out onto the street, alone.






