"Aedan" I hear her voice calling to me through the forest. 

"Aedan" Dammit how did she get so close to me again! I inch further back into the cave I had found. 

"Aedan, I know you are lost sweetheart. Let me help you find your way home" I don't understand why she keeps making excuses for me, she must know by now that I want nothing to do with her. I have been trying to escape her for 200 years, one way or another. When I slit my wrists she said I was just clumsy before coming towards me that blue light and healing my wrists. I think I have run thousands of times, sometimes staying away for as much as a week before she finds her "poor lost lamb". 

There was the one time though she could not convince herself that I had hurt myself. That was in the early days. We still lived outside of my village then. After trying to escape in those early years I had enough. I decided that if I could not escape with my life, I would escape with my death. I remember the rough hemp rope scratching my neck as it tightened. The feeling of peace I felt before jumping. It hurt, of course it did, but I was so happy to finally escape when everything finally went black. 

When I woke again I couldn't move and she was kneeling over me her face red from crying. I looked down and I was tied to an altar. There were candles all around me and bowls filled with herbs. I looked towards her again and that's when I noticed the lumps of cloth covered in blood at her feet. 
"They hurt you" she said, "their death made it right though, they can never hurt you again" she steps closer to me a crazed gleam in her eyes and tears streaming down her face. "Your never allowed to die again, do you understand?" I nod dumbly. "Promise Me!" She shrieks. "I promise." I croak out. She unties me then and kisses me. Getting to my feet I look around. Its not just a handful of bodies around the altar as I first thought. Every man woman and child from my village is around the alter, their throats slit. My friends and family all gone. All because I tried to escape, its my fault. I begin to sob the remembered pain too much. 

"Aedan! There you are! Why are you crying my love? Did someone try to hurt you again?" She pulls me from my hiding place in the cave. "Lets get you home"