One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. The bristles uniformly moved back and forth on Harvey's pearly white teeth. It always starts off the same way. Routine was needed in order to ensure a perfect day and a perfect life. That's just the way it's always been and it's the way it will continue to be, thank you very much.

After he was finished, Harvey spat into the sink. A red speck diluted into the mixture of saliva and toothpaste; something that has never happened before. Ah, must have just brushed a bit too hard. Before Harvey could investigate any more, the teapot went off, and he had to run downstairs to make his tea, get dressed, and grab his lucky playing card so he could be out the door at 9:06 sharp. No earlier; no later. 

That's what you'd expect anyway, but something just seemed off about this red speck staining the porcelain basin. Harvey did not hear the teapot, he didn't make his tea, and he would not be out the door at 9:06 sharp, because he was too busy staring down at the sink. Good grief, Harvey figured his stress levels might be on the fritz; he was starting to feel light-headed and the red speck started to shift around as if it was alive. It moved back and forth across the basin before throwing itself right down the sink. Then, silence.

Harvey stood there dumbfounded at this marvel of nature. His head turned into a balloon of sorts, filling itself up with helium until it was about to burst. His eyes widened and popped, and the entire sink enveloped itself in red. Red like blood. Red, like a stop sign, mocking you as it keeps you from getting to work on time.

He woke up on the bathroom floor, covered in his own sick. There was a rather large bump on his head and a chip in the middle of his pearly white set of teeth. He felt the pain and brought his hands up to it, only to stain them in blood. That was when he noticed the time on his now cracked watch: 9:46. He had to go.

It was just then, at the perfect moment, that he heard a desperate knock at the door. He ran downstairs, still dizzy, and grabbed the door handle like a champ. "What's this?" He thought. Who the hell leaves a llama at a random stranger's house? The note stuck to its forehead only said, "Please take care of me." No instructions? No details? But then, it was like a sign from God. Harvey knew what he had to do.

Still stained in his own vomit and blood, Harvey rode that llama to work like a half-dressed cowboy. The car was in the shop, so this was the only option really, but you could tell the llama was not enjoying the company and his pathetic yeehawing.

This isn't right. The road's closed. Sirens blared past Harvey and his llama horse, and a group of police officers loitered at the office entrance. Harvey approached one of the men in uniform.

"Toppa the mornin'" He said.

"Aye." The officer tipped his hat.

"What's this all about then?"

The officer sighed all ugly like, and gave an answer as if it was a chore. "Ah, just another routine shootin'. You tryna get in?"

"Yeah, if ya don't mind."

"Alright then. Ya better take this with ya." He handed Harvey a shotgun. "Thanks!"

At this point, llama was completely out of breath. It spat on the officer in distress, but didn't seem to faze the guy. The strain from Harvey's incredible weight was just so much that it had to throw up, spewing chunks all over the floor. Harvey ignored the poor animal and approached the front door.

The sound of gunfire gave Harvey a headache. It never seemed to stop for even one goddamned minute and it was just throbbing at his temple. He fired a round into the floor for safe measures, and then he opened the front door. 

Clouds of dust wafted out of the building, just to make things that much worse for Harvey. So he covered his eyes and ran into the war zone. This whole experience felt very surreal to him, as if he was still lying on the bathroom floor and this whole thing was just some kind of fantasy. A warning from his subconscious. A sign from the heavens to tell him not to fuck up the routine.

"No, no. No dispares." A pruned up nun greeted him at the entrance. She looked so afraid. Trembling at the sight of Harvey's shotgun. He couldn't hear her over the perpetual gunfire.

"WHAT?"

"No no. No shoot. No shoot. Por favor..." 

"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"

She placed her finger on her forehead, moving it to her sternum, then to each breast, finally covering her face at the end, crumbling up in fear. Harvey didn't know what the fuck was going on.

But before he could know, the one moment he looked away, blinded by the smoke and dust, the bitch pulled a knife on him. "Gimme all your cash, man." Harvey was even more confused now. What is this about anyway? He slowly reached for his back pocket, and then WHAM. Clubbed harlot right in the kisser. That nun collapsed onto the floor like a fallen angel.

Everything was getting to be too much. Sirens blared again. Harvey felt like his head was about to explode, and then Harvey realised what he needed to do. He reached for his pocket again, this time feeling for something else. His lucky playing card. The seven of clubs. 

But it wasn't there. He had forgotten it in his rush. He had also forgotten to turn the teapot off. Must have burned the house down by now. Those sirens played out again. Much louder now, pressing up against his cranium. Harvey screamed at the top of his lungs as the world went mad around him.

He was ready to wake up now.