" You know you can't do that. I still have work to do."


"How much longer do you plan to let this go on?"


" For as long as they keep their promise. I've sat in this cell for months and a single thought has kept me going. So long as I have work to do, I'll stay right where I am."


" Your body can't take much more of this."


" It won't have to much longer. How long have have we known each other?"


" Not long."


" I guess by your standards it's barely any time at all but I'd guess at least 30 years. First time was with my pet George when I saw you."


" oh yes that rabbit of yours. Poor thing."


" You're a real softy at heart, you know that?"


" Just can't stand torture, being Death and all, I much prefer if they killed you outright." 


We both chuckle. 


I look down at my broken body, they've done some really gruesome work, truly amateurs but determined. My line of work has had me see and do many things which kept death always nearby but this was the first time actually getting tortured. Six broken ribs, my left foot was missing 4 toes, both my arms were covered in burns, face swollen, broken teeth, can't see out if my right eye, but the acid burn down my right leg stung the worst. Six months of torture and this is all they got. They might as well be using a YouTube tutorial. Still, they had me in a bind and there was little I could do but take whatever they came up with.


" You're only here for me right?"


" You know I can't reveal my plans, they're beyond even my grasp sometimes. All I know is that I'm going to collect your soul soon and have to wait around for that to happen." 


" Yeah but collecting any other souls around here soon?"


Tsk Tsk,  I could see death waggle his finger at me disapprovingly.


" I'm serious, no details about other possible reapings."


" Goody two shoes" and we chuckled again.


" How do you plan to 'finish you work' in your condition?" 


It's strange seeing death the almighty use air quotes but also made him more endearing to me.


" Oh I see, you won't answer my questions but want to know mine huh? Well, I'm not telling but it's a slim opening so keep those eye sockets pealed. "


Death waves me off.


 " Come on I'm always curious. You're so creative with the way you weasel out of things and even more so when killing someone. You're also not one to torture, with one exception of course."


"Of course. Guess you kinda rubbed off on me."


I hear a rustling and footsteps getting closer. Some annoyed voices but couldn't really make out the words before the door to my tiny basement cell opened. Two men walked in carrying a small boy and sat him in front of bed. He was already in tears, looked a little malnourished but otherwise unharmed. 


" Hey son, how you holding up?"


" Dad..." he sobbed out a single word and the bigger of the two men slapped the back of his head. I glared at him, not much else I could do. 


" I'm getting tired of this shit. We've been at it for months."


" What can I say boys, you're just not very good at this."


" Fuck you!" screamed the other. " You've taken all the fun out of this."


" Not my problem. You sick fucks said you wouldn't hurt him so long as I don't make a noise and here we are."


" Guess we're done playing. We want to hear you both scream." Big guy caressed my son's cheek causing him to flinch away. I was really starting to hate his hands. 


" Let's get on with it." I was getting tired of the banter.


" Tie the boy down over there and then come help me tie him to the chair." Little guy took my son across the room as Big guy undid my hands. 


They'd both gotten sloppy these past few months and they were obviously frustrated. Now may be my only chance. Big guy had untied one of my arms from the bed and left it while he attended to the knots on my legs. 


" Hey Big Guy, how's my smile?" and as he looked up at me, I took my free hand and jabbed my fingers deep into his eye sockets. I felt a warm gush of blood across my hands and Big Guy screamed out. Little Guy, ever the genius, ran to Big Guy's side leaving me to finish untying my other arm. He saw me stand and rushed at me but he wasn't the fighting type. I pushed him away, throwing him towards the little stash of toys they'd used on me these last few months. He grabbed a small knife in hast and rush at me again. He got me across the chest but barely felt it. More importantly, Big Guy had started to recover and was lumbering around hands extended looking for a victim. 


I caught Little Guy's arm and stabbed him with his own weapon. Both his hand and mine sprayed with blood as his neck opened up. I pushed his body towards his brother's hulking form knocking the both down. 


" JOHN?! JOHN!" Big Guy screamed feeling his brother's dead body and I used this time to make a trip to that little stash for a toy of my own.


Hammer in hand, I staggered towards the two brothers and took aim. My first strike caught Big  Guy on the hand forcing the pointed end deep into the bone before quickly pulling it out. He swung out at me but missed, the draft felt nice. I took aim again, this time my arm felt force of broken bone and the hammer stayed jammed in his skull. 


I fell to my knees suddenly very weak. 


" Dad! OMG dad are you OK? Please, please be OK." My son was at my side. Tears streaming down his face. I held his face in my hand. He was so young, just 7 years old. I felt a hand on my shoulder and for a moment I was afraid my work wasn't over.


" It's time to go." Death sounded almost tender.


" Listen, you have to get out of here and go get help. I'll be down here making sure they don't get up."


" Dad please, I don't know..."


"FOCUS!" I felt bad being so stern but there was no time. " Go up those stairs, get out of this house, and find some help."


" But Dad who's that?" He pointed at death.


A little taken aback, " He's a friend. Don't worry and just go." He finally runs off and I'm left there on the concrete floor. I collapse as soon as he's out of sight.


" He's about as old as you were when I caught you with George."


" Yeah, glad I took your advice that day. Otherwise, I could have moved on to torturing people like those fuckers."


" Yeah, I'm glad you listened too. You've killed alot of people but at least you found a way to do it with some morality."


" We can go now. Ugh, I'm so tired." Death snorted. 


" Glad I waited to take you."


" All the more reason why you should be patient."


" I'll keep that in mind."


" Thanks. Hate giving advice no-one takes." My eyes closed and the pain faded. A few memories flashed before the darkness took me but mostly I thought of my son.