Let me tell you something about the Mathmachicken.  I **tried** to tell people about it.  From the very beginning, I never pretended to be the genius.  The chicken -- who never seems to age, which is probably the most unsettling thing about it... about the quantum physics chicken -- anyway the chicken started hanging out with me on my parents' farm as a kid.  

I'd take my homework out back and sit in the dirt, and she would come over and check me out.  I always gave her a good petting, which is what I assumed brought her over.  But slowly I began to notice a pattern to her pecking and scratching.  Math, I was never good at... but I loved pattern puzzles.  Once she had finally pecked a little crack in the barrier, and the light shone through, I began to dig from my side.

It was several days of missed homework before I began to realize that they were numbers... the pecking and scratching.  She didn't really *count* like I did, which I think is what took me so long to catch on, but once I started to translate it, the pattern became like a second language to me.  The Mathmachicken was delighted when I finally figured it out.  She danced circles around the yard and then furiously communicated that they weren't just numbers... they were *my* numbers!

And so began the drastic improvement in my math skills.  For several years, through most of grade school, I kept her to myself.  I didn't know if anyone would believe in a chicken doing math, but I didn't want anyone to find out and take her away.  That held up until college, when the math got a lot harder and I couldn't really bring my chicken to exams.

So I confessed.  I brought my chicken to the professors, I showed them her behavior, I explained why my homework was flawless and my exams were garbage.  It was a mixed reception... some chuckles, lots of wide eyes glancing around, but it was a room of academics -- they had watched her, and they were at least open to the idea.

So they tested her.  Quietly, secretly, they actually tested a chicken's mathematics proficiency.  They put her in sterile conditions, projected some equations on the screen, and watched her peck and scratch.  The only problem was... nobody spoke chicken.

So they called me back in to translate her answers.  I could only see the chicken, not the math.  She pecked, and I transcribed.  Page after page of nonsense, numbers and letters and she even had me copy some equation graph... that was new.

It was all perfect.  She was a phenom, and the professors were blown away.  They approached me with a deal -- they would *very quietly* include the chicken in their research team, provided I came with her as translator.  To this day, I suspect she was actually intentionally obfuscating her patterns for the professors... she was choosing to speak only to me.

So the deal was struck.  The Mathmachicken would do all the work of a Nobel Prize-winning physicist and mathematician, and I -- being the human being with a social security number and bank account, etc -- would receive the status and benefits of that station.  Provided, of course, that the chicken was always well cared-for.

In my ample off time, when I wasn't literally transcribing chicken scratch for an obscene salary, I was able to raise a family and treat them very well.  They all know the secret of the ageless chicken, and the chicken seems happy to speak only to us... so one of my kids will take over for me, and one of theirs for them, and so on.  A family of physics prodigies, one after the other.

It's a strange feeling, owing so much to such a fragile, strange miracle.  And not just me, but humanity... the Celestial Expansion Project is in its infancy, but only exists because of this chicken.  She may well have saved us all.

