“So, this is the end, is it?”
 A pure brilliant white light dances before me like a dust mote caught in a sun beam. 

“I am afraid so, my love. The end for us both.” The light bends and shifts into the form of a small boy wearing denim jeans, sandals, and a t-shirt emblazoned with “# 1 Son” and a picture of a dinosaur. 

“The end for us both indeed,” Life says, “I suppose there was no other way this could have ended.”

“No,” I say “I imagine this was always the intention. There is nobody left to ask now though.” The light shifts rapidly through an innumerable amount of forms. A man in white robes with a matching beard down to his ankles. A jovial and wise looking rotund man. The most beautiful woman left in the universes with four arms and a peaceful smile. A twelve-headed abomination with tentacles that make a squelching noise on the floor. 

“You mean no one like this left to ask?” Life seems to say it with a twinge of longing in her voice as she bounces through forms. “Did you take them too?”

“You know the answer to that, Life. Don’t play the fool now.” If this is to be my last great success, why does the victory feel so hollow? 

It has been a billion-billion years since Life and I sprang up on that great empty rock in the night and as many years since I claimed my first victim. They would take a part of Life when they came into existence and it was my job to ensure that they did not have that part for too long. There was only so much Life to go around so I would take them into the dark nothingness of my being. The Archaea were the first to seek some of what Life was offering, they had been easy enough to deal with. Billions of them could take from Life before she could even feel it but as they began to evolve things began to change. By the time the stars began to blink out, Life was barely a shadow of what she once was. “Slow down” I told her “don’t spread yourself too thin”, but Life was never one to listen. So, now it has come to this. I took everything she gave to them and now she doesn’t have enough left to give.

“Once a fool always a fool,” she rattles from a thousand mouths on the back of a louse-like creature, “how can life be anything but foolish?” She begins to shift again but I reach out a shadow that forms into a hand and touch her gently. 

“Come now my love. Let’s be who we are before it’s too late.” We are finally as we are meant to be. She, the pure light who would give herself so selflessly to so many, and me, inky-black veil that would take them into myself when they reached the end of their timelines. I was so hated by many by the end. People would say there is nothing to fear in Death, but when I took them they would dissent no the less.  

“Are you going to take me now, Death?” she purrs demurely. 

“Don’t,” I whisper, “this is not just the end for you don’t forget.” There can be no Life without Death and there can be no Death without Life.

“Well, let’s get on with it. No point waiting for the inevitable.”
“I can’t.”

“No, I didn’t think you would be able to.” She says this not unkindly. “Let me see what’s next. I’m willing to see now. Please”

“No.” I begin to unfold the darkness from around myself, pulling myself apart until I stretch across what is left of creation. A brilliant and pure light winks from out of the darkness, it has been revealed as the darkness of my veil was dropped away. 

“Is that what I think it is, Death?” 

“I’m afraid so, Life. This is what you gave and I so cruelly took. The light within me has burnt since I took the first so long ago. I can barely contain it now and if I were to take you too, that would be the end. The light is the reason I exist but without me this light would go out.”

“You’re a man of many surprises today, aren’t you Death? But, it doesn’t change the fact that this is it. Our ends don’t matter much now, all that matters is that there must be an end.” Life has begun to dim; she has moments left before she will blink out regardless of what I do. Or maybe not…

“Take it,” I insist. I can feel the light within calling out to her.

“Take what, Death?”

“The light, Life, you have to take the light. You can start fresh, do things right,” I could be yelling now but I can’t hear myself. The light is buzzing with a ferocity I have never felt, it can taste freedom.

“No! This is not what is meant to be, Death. You and I both know it.” I can see that she is reaching out any way; her words are falling on her own deaf ears.

“We know nothing of the sort. Why can’t we do this?” I know she will now, she won’t be able to stop herself. The purpose of Life is to create and nurture, this is one request she could not turn away from. She brushes against the light gently, as if she is unaware she is doing. I am gone from the light and the light is gone from me.

                                                    *

“What is my purpose?” 

“You are Death, my friend, and you will take the light.” The ball of molten rock spins through the dark.

“And what is your purpose?”

“I am Life,” the pure white entity says to me, “and I will give the light.”

Edit - Format and spelling.

