Part:1
I didn’t think it could happen again, my belief was that it ended when I was younger. I sit an consciously ponder planted at this desk in my den. Wondering if the death of one close could lead to the reemergence of a tiring “gift” as some had called it in my childhood. The ability to see what another may not, a true perception of what was to be if you will. Death comes to us all, an I just seemed to be able to see that visually. 
Now I’m 28 living in variables of my situation. Having not seen any recently deceased in years, I was happily in the process of courting a particular female who had shown interest. Marriage in view but not on paper. A deep love felt thru intense desire of truth in a significant other. Both knowing we could soon open ourselves to fully embrace together if fate allowed. Then the claws of true destined paths tore thru a shared love like a plague of infection. Taken before truth could shine upon her mind, a pawn of her own circumstantial design. Knowing that stress can effectively toss the mind into spiral. I tried to confront this situation of loss without losing my wits to it. 
These feelings of extreme stress are what  I believe resurfaced that vague memory of seeing what had moved on. 
Suddenly I’m in a photorealistic vision, a repression reignited. Viewing myself laying as a child in a friends room. Traumatized an now seeing a mangled elderly woman approaching while mouthing “goodbye” to who I thought was me since my friend was asleep. 
Then overhearing the following morning that the friends grandparents had been in an accident leaving only the grandfather. I didn’t connect the two events as a child tho. The sight of the woman just getting thrown into my minds nightmare fuel. Many more memories from my elementary an middle school years came to light in the once dark well of my thoughts.
Without going into too much more detail the mass amount was physically effecting my mentality. I sat shaken after fully coming too from the recollection of past. Completely rattled that such horrible memories could be hidden away. Yet still fighting to understand that my mind as a young adult only hid what I couldn’t comprehend. 
There where just so many times I could of said something I was told. Instant guilt kicked in, my mind now spiraling into an abyss of grief. Why could I be so mislead by fear, could I have done more if I hadn’t hidden this away an spoke up?
All this stress leading to the inevitable depression brought by the dreaded question of “could I had saved her if I had true understanding of this ability?” 
Then it happened, every one of the hairs stood on my arms an neck. Goosebumps rose all along my flesh. I felt an eerie cold sensation leading me too start shaking like I was having a panic attack. Then tears clouding my vision i noticed the temperature around me dropped immensely. Breath now visible, I stopped hyperventilating as my vision restored itself... There she was slightly foggy yet clear as day. The love of my life stricken down too soon. Looking as she did less then a week earlier.
Then I passed out waking up in my bedroom. Knowing in heart an soul what I saw. No who I saw, was my deceased fiancé. 

