"Mr. Johnson, what brings you in today?"

I asked it with the confident, patient demeanor I had practiced; the demeanor of a doctor who had the patient's confidence in his practice. But it was an act. I had no idea how to treat the man, and I knew that before even knowing what ailed him. 

Mr.Johnson looked at me with the nervousness on his face that I felt in my heart. He was balding, likely around his mid-40s, and a failure. It wasn't his appearance that made me realize the last descriptor. It was the fact that I am the cheapest doctor in the city, I am not licensed in America, and I only I meet my clients in a graveyard at 3am. Successful men don't visit me. For good reason.

"It's... It's...Well I have... There was this girl and... Well I suppose it was a girl but it was kind of hard to tell... You know, with how much was burnt off. Anyway, I think I caught something from her."

Even though I was only paying half  of my attention to Mr. Johnson, I did notice he had said something amiss. "I'm sorry," I began, "What was that middle part?"

"Oh, there was a girl, I think." Mr. Johnson said it matter-of-factly, as if he really thought that that was the part that caused my confusion.

"Right, but why are you not certain of the gender of your sex partner? Something about burning?" 

"Oh, you're right I do feel a bit of burning. That's why I'm here."

I stared at him in disbelief. I spoke again at him, slowly and deliberately, "Okay. You misunderstood. The woman; what was her appearance?" 

Suddenly a look of understanding washed over his face. "Ohhhhh. I see what you mean. Well, I won't kiss and tell, but she was pretty hot. In a manner of speaking." He smiled at me and winked.

I decided I didn't have any more time for this. "Alright. Take a bunch of this fentanyl tonight and I'll call you in the morning." I handed him the Ziploc bag.

He examined it quizzically.

"How much--"

"A bunch."

"Like half or a quarter or--"

"Just do all of it to be safe I guess, it can't hurt you." 

"Uhhhh. Okay. I'll call you tomorrow." Mr. Johnson walked away.

I don't feel bad about what I do. Death must have his payment. If the vicious poor must die to save the vicious rich, I am more than happy to oblige, as long as I get my payment.