Well, hello there world. My name is Amael. I am what you call a ghost. I have been around for around 15000 years. But I am not a type of ghost who is depressed or just fucks around, or whatever you mortals might think ghost usually do. I Have a purpose, a job if you will. I am basically what you would call a ghost regulator. Ok, let me explain in detail.

When you die, your soul, Essence, or ghost ( call it as you wish) remains in the world until the last person who remembers you also dies or forgets you to the point of being unable to remember you at all. Or you get a ticket to the other side.  Some say is because it takes time to pass judgement on people and the times have been increasing with more souls added to the mix, but that is just a theory, nothing more. We usually don't get much communication... The more people remember you, the more powerful you become as a ghost. Have only one guy remember you - you will barely be tethered to this world, but if you are remembered by thousands or even millions - then damn, you will even be able to affect the material world too. Sometimes happens that some of those people are really messed up. And my job is to stop those people , or , er... ghosts and send them off to their otherworldly destination ( usually hell). I'm a part of the order called the first legion. Our order has been secretive for a millennias, founded by people upstairs. Yes, in technicality the big G is my boss. ( No, I will NOT answer any questions about religion, don't even bother or try to ask me) The problem is - the more people remember them - the longer is the period that you just can't send the assholes to the other side. Some get to stay here for quite a while, so we make sure to have them imprisoned. Our numbers have been growing since the first founding, and I was one of the first ones to chose the duty. There is no brainwashing or indoctrination in our order, just a sense of duty. If you wish to retire, you can ask the order to forget you ( to fasten up the pricess, but sometimes it is not necessary) and you can enjoy a small vacation before you get sent into the afterlife. Heaven remembers their servants, so a lot of distinguished members have become angels up there. Some were forgiven of their past sins and avoided their lengthy vacation to the hottest beaches of  hell. 

So, you might ask - how do we deal with "evil" ghosts who are remembered by a lot of people, e.i. are quite powerful spirits? Simply - numbers, skills and our techniques. For example,  because I have been around for so long, I am basically ghost Batman. Not as brooding and much more humorous one tho. Kinda like Zorro. Man, I love those movies of him.  Um, back to the point , Everyone has a weakness you can exploit, or just brute force your way with spectral punches. If the case is serious, we try to erase any evidence of their exsitance so that people forget about them faster. We have erased countless monsters from history. You don't really want to know what they did or how they acted. Some of our members take the blame for their acts to erase them from history...

Both living and non-living members work together pretty well. Most commonly, a ghost and several living members get partnered. Lately, ghost members have been outnumbering living ones, estimated to being 10 to one, and there are A LOT of us. I remember I met my wife all those years ago, being partners for a long time, it was natural that love bloomed. Surprisingly, our love has endured for millenias. That emotion is quite powerful too, so it came in use in line of work too, so yeah, relationships are not discouraged at our job. I remember the day she died... Atlantis had it coming... It had advanced so fast and in the last years of their existence  they unwittingly elected a person who would go on and become a dictator. In the end, when he died, he was so well known that he became quite powerful. My wife died fighting him and trying to save the people of the city. In the end, the city sank and now it is still there along with survivors. It was one of the biggest battles our order has ever fought. Now it serves as a sort of headquarters for our order. After her death, my wife became my ghost partner. After some years I joined her, dying of natural causes. We have been together ever since, watched over our children and descendants, as they lived their life, some still serve with us, some have passed on.... (Knowing where I am posting this, and what the frequent question will be, yes, we can have ghost sex, don't nag me with that question please.)

So, another question that probably pops into your mind, which noteworthy historical have I met during my service? Well, knowing probably most asked person, yes, I have met Hitler. I was there to punch him into submission. Nearly every superhero during that time was imagined punching him, but I actually did it for real... Well, as real as you count one ghost punching the other. The guy was powerful too. Like seriously, he leveled several city blocks( or cities? Was hard to tell in all destruction) till we beat him. He was one of the most powerful foes we have faced. Once we had him imprisoned ( our upstairs benefactors provided us the knowledge and means to do that btw), it was pretty rough time for several years. But, eventually, as most of them, he started pondering what he had done. He had company of his wife Eva too. Evaluating your life once you are imprisoned is basically what most people do. Nearly all of the history's evil people regret their actions pretty soon. In the end, most of them are still people, albeit misguided. Thinking your life over, a lot of them Turn a new lea - Ghenghis Khan, Atila the hun, Robespierre, Torquemada, etc... It took some time, but we could see genuine regret for his heinous actions. He soon resented that he was before. Now, he tries to makes amends for what he did. I remember the time when he beat Himmler and Geobbles to a spectral pulp. Good times. Granted, not all of them start to refret their actions, so those go onto their merry way to hell. I heard that some get regrets and get an amnestyin there instead, since, you know, God is quite forgiving and knows whether you are sincere or just lying.

And what about famous good people, you might ask? Well, we find them and try our best to make it so that they are sent over if they so desire. Well, some stay for some time. We have without a doubt best concerts. Better than ANY of you might imagine - Mozart, Beethoven, Freddy Mercury, Michael Jackson, you name it... 
Some even join us in our duty. Abraham Lincoln is one of the most powerful members and trustiest members I have ever worked with. You can't just forget the moment then long-dead american president punches newly-dead german dictator's ghost through 5 buildings with one punch. Damn, wish we had cameras that could record the ghost battle back then, it was THAT awesome. He's also quite a joker. You know the "not everything is true on internet" quote attributed to him? He actually did write it. I know, ironic.

Well, I this everything brings us to today and why I am writing this: with technological development and the invention of internet, it has become harder to contain the ghosts of "evil" people. As much as the information is available and basically un-eraseable now, their ghost are becoming increasingly more powerful and hard to contain. We are starting to lose ground from time to time. Some of the incidents are reported as natural disasters, terror attacks ( and some of the ghost themselves made some of those groups), etcetera. Syria, for example, has become a battleground both, living and the dead. We will not oblige famous people to fight our battle, some of them just want to be done with it and move to another plane and we understand and respect their wishes, they are free to do whatever they want. But we need to increase our power to battle these forces, so no one else has to. Some have made themselves as characters of various works. Being remembered still counts, even if the guy remembering thinks you are fictional. Yes, many characters you think are fictional are actually real to some extent. I personally avoided doing it, since I was paranoid that it might give too much away. Also, since me and my wife are one of the oldest members, nearly everyone in the order knows and remembers us, so we have been getting stronger with years. But over the time, I learned that the best way to hide something, is to make people think something is not real, by presenting it as fictional to them and they won't believe the stuff even if they see it with their own eyes. Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. Diego De La Vega would agree with me (since I'm the one who designed most of his style over the years, Sometimes I even took over it too,  both a favor I couldn't refuse him). So, here I write to get some personal recognition. Why not some convoluted novel? Perhaps one day. I'm still trying this out. Also, I get little more empowered if people have memories that are much closer to truth. Although,It won't really mater if you think the story is bogus and is written by a guy with too much time on his hands or I am actually real, as long as you remember me, I should become more powerful. Remember, we are out there to ensure you are safe. Take care my friends and remember, always.