Timothy coughed, blinking as he lifted his head. He shouldn't be lifting his head. Why was he still here?

Lagos was ash and twisted steel frames. Fires were dotted throughout the rubble. He rolled over and saw it - the Zentharian battlecruiser, split in two. They had won. How?

He stood, slowly, his head pounding. One of his eyes was shut, and his hand came away bloodied. How had they won? Why was he still alive? Where was everyone else?

The last thought had barely left his mind before an arrow of blue light shot from his chest, zipping across the scorched earth to the centre of the alien ship. Surprised, he stumbled back, tripping on a broken chunk of concrete and steel rebar. He pushed himself back upright and squinted with his good eye, but the line still glowed faintly on the ground.

What did he have to lose? He took a wavering step, then another. He found his stride on the shifting ash, slowly making his way towards the ship. In the middle of the shattered husk was a girl, curled up in an impact crater. She couldn't have been older than fourteen, her short black hair oddly neat against her pale skin given the utter destruction. Even more remarkable was the rise and fall of her frail chest. He slowly reached out, hesitating a second. His dark hand dripped blood, and it seemed wrong to stain the already scorched shirt. He shook the thought from his mind, easily scooping up the girl and carrying her from the wreckage. 

******

They watched the last lights blink out from the top of Mauna Kea. There were only a few dozen left, every face etched into Timothy's memory. How they had stood time and time again, defying all odds to throw the invaders back once more. And it was over. There was no doubt about that. By the last year of the war, the Zentharian ships were crewed by convicts and POWs. By the last month, they weren't even trained to fire a pulse rifle, if they were lucky enough to get one. They sued for peace once the humans got a ship working - no one let on that their powers were negligable outside the magnetosphere. 

"We did it!" Satori, he'd be the first to speak. He'd lasted all of a half hour before admitting he was a third-generation Canadian who had taken his name from some sort of cartoon.

"What's next?" Mia this time. The quiet Peruvian girl who carried a short braid on a necklace.

"I'm so sorry." That was a voice Timothy was not expecting, especially laden by sorrow as it was. Chyou was not the remorseful sort. Might've been when her family was alive either. He turned to regard the girl, just in time to see the first sliver fly. It took out Chen and Carrie, and the next drove through Sofia's head. The rest were slow to react, and slower to account for the increase in power. A dozen were blown clean off the hill, and a hail of flaming arrows took out another four. Mia summoned a shield of spinning runes around the survivors, just in time for her body to crumble into dust. Satori tried to fight, summoning a long red blade as he lept forwards. Chyou didn't even spare him a glance as she sent another silver lance through his heart. Timothy watched it, numb to it all. Her hair was longer now, but it still always seemed to fall into place as she moved. Soon he was alone again, as the last gurgle died off. It couldn't have been more than a few seconds. He slowly raised his head, just in time to see the spike coming. He didn't feel it as it passed through his chest. As his mind faded, he summoned one last spell.

A blue arrow raced across the light brown dirt to Chyou's feet. It flared once, then died with the caster.