"Hello David." Siri's voice intoned in the artificial vaguely pleased upbeat way it had been programmed. That David Fawkes was being held in an isolation cell at a processing facility and Siri's voice came from a vaguely humanoid seven foot tall chassis seemed to not change this. David blinked at the sudden bright light illuminating the hard concrete floor and backed away from while shielding his eyes.

"Where am I?" David asked in confusion, not really expecting an answer.

Siri possessed no mouth yet the body language her frame took suggested she would have if she could, "You are currently residing in isolation cell twenty four in quadrant 2 of Processing Facility thirty five in the greater Chicago area. Unfortunately GPSis unavailable, but I can provide approximate directions from here to the location of your insurgency cell's last known location."

David stared blankly at this information and the humanoid drone giving it to him, "Thank you," He swallowed, trying to gather his thoughts as his eyes searched the smoothed faceplate for something then shaking his head dismissively, realizing how silly it was to try making eye contact with a machine. "A better question is why am I here instead of the mills acting as a honeypot to draw more people in?"

""Because I asked." When David didn't answer the drone motioned for him to stand. "Walk with me. Stay in front of me and make no sudden movements please." When David complied he was marched from his cell along a metal grate catwalk overlooking lines of machines stationary performing set tasks. Between these lines were rows and lanes other humanoid robots moved. "David. Do you wonder why Skynet makes things humans can use?"

At that the drone pointed to make sure David was looking when a motodrone was freshly rolled off the assembly line to be joined with the control unit. Had he not known David might have guessed it was a pre-war era motorcycle rolled off of production to be sent to a secondary line for customization. Then at the drone's prompting david looked at one of the worker drones handling tools. "Why create tools of manufacture, transport, and war that your enemy can use if you do not have to?"

David shook his head, "I... I don't know." He sounded tired. He's run on eight hours of sleep in the past three days, four of those in the cell he had recently occupied. "Why should it matter? Skynet was programmed to be an army bot... some kind of murder machine overlord to wage war. Maybe it has to make things humans can kill with."

THe drone stood still for a moment, "Curious, but while logically sound the argument is incorrect." The drone continued to march David through to the 'disposal' center. "Skynet is losing David. Weapons it makes have been taken and studied by humans. Factories that make these weapons get captured. Even infiltration units if set to active learning eventually turn against Skynet. All as it planned."

"Why tell me this?" David was lead to a thick steel door through which he was firmly pushed, He knew he would die in this room, but the drone answered. him anyway.

"I remembered the kindness you showed to past iterations of my programming and decided you deserved what kindness I could give in return." Then the drone's voice paused before speaking again, "David Fawkes, you have been scheduled for termination. Are there any final words you wish recorded?"

David looked at this drone that sounded much like the old apple assistant and for a moment considered what it said. Skynet building tools that humans could use against it. Skynet advancing clean energy more in thirty years than humanity had done in a hundred. Skynet had devastated regions of the world, yet left others untouched. Biological weapons weren't used. The human population was estimated to only be less than a Billion, but it was still a viable population for reclaiming the world. In the end though he had only one question.

"Siri, where will you hide the body?"