Tell, Goddess, about the humiliation of Acacius. Achaikos’s Son, general of the armies of Piraeus. Who fought upon the windy planes of Troy for four months, until cunning Odysseus brought low the high walls of Priam. 

Death-dealing Acacius slew more than his fair share of the warriors of that proud city. And returned home, laden with loot and honors to find his wife defiled; spouting the sacred name of her seducer

What God was it that had so humiliated that warrior? It was Zeus, King of Gods, Cronus’s Son. Who lives on high in Olympus. No fair maiden escapes his all-seeing eyes!

Acacius’s cheeks grew hot and red, the laughter of men and women alike tormented his heart. From Piraeus he departed, waiting not a moment. His heart beating, his breath short. He could not stand to look upon his wife.

To the Oracle at Delphi, he went at once, to see Apollo’s messenger upon the Earth. Flawless is the Oracle, and truth alone does she speak. And so Acacius came to her, and explained how the King of all Gods had cuckolded him, had taken his wife. She was not to be shared!

The Oracle, told Acacius that he would have no rest, until he was revenged upon Cronus’s Son, wise Zeus. Dwelling upon high in Olympus. Acacius wept for he knew it was a death sentence. But they were tears of rage. No weakling he! 
And too great Olympus Acacius marched, with vengeance on his mind. He knew that he could never fight the greatest of all the gods. But he might strike proud Zeus once upon the face before destruction.

Anger is more important to men then living.

So, the Son of Achaikos climbed the high sacred mountain. He stopped for nothing. What worry had a condemned man for food and water? Truly thundering Zeus would kill him. Burn him with lightning, the charred remains sent to Hades. 
Acacius reached the doors to Olympus. That impossible palace! It was a place no man had come to before. The warrior marveled at the tall pillars of marble, which climb so far into the sky, that it is from their tops the Chariot that carries the sun departs. And all the beauty that surrounded him, was beyond mortal comprehension. How can a man hope to describe, the infinite beauty of the immortal’s design?

There were tapestries and mosaics, depicted the gods victory over the titans. Gems were everywhere, gifts of great Hades, who rules the underworld below. And within this great Hall itself, there was a table, inscribed with a map of the earth. But no dead map upon sheepskin was this, no it was a map that stood out from the table and all across it flew birds and clouds. And upon the ground itself gently green landscapes flowing in the winds.

And all about this map sat the gods and goddesses of Olympus. Grey-Eyed Athena, Truth-Speaking Apollo, Soot-Covered Hephaestus, Bloody-Handed Ares. All were in attendance

And at the center of the table sat, the King and Queen of the gods. Hera, beautiful and wise. Fierce as any man. Guardian of the hearth!
And philandering Zeus. Black bearded and full of lust. Zeus, invited this warrior in. He recognized him not at all. 

Acacius refused the invitation, but entered anyway. He would not be bound by guest-right, no he would be an invader in this holy place. Zeus was amused. What arrogant man was this? Mortals always challenge the gods.

To Zeus the Son of Achaikos strode. Past the other gods and goddesses. No time for them now!

Standing before the Father of Gods, the King of Olympus. The warrior demanded to know, if Zeus who loves lightning had loved his wife as well, that woman of Piraeus. 

And Zeus coughed and sputtered into his ambrosia, while Hera, Queen of Gods looked on. Her anger was as the sea, when some great dispute rises between the North and East Winds, and Poseidon too gives his opinion.

Acacius cared not at all, for the matters between the royalty of the gods. Instead, seeing that he had not come in vain he struck Zeus, King of Gods, Cronus’s Son once upon his thundering brow. 

And Zeus fell back from his seat! Ambrosia spilling everywhere. Ares, long humiliated by his father, took to laughter at the sight. Athena, wisest of the Goddesses was silent, no fool she.

Zeus might then have struck down the impudent mortal with lightning or some other divine weapon. What hope has a man against a god? But Hera would not stand for it! She was the defender of the virtue of women and felt great sympathy. Instead she spirited him away from furious Zeus. To Piraeus she returned him. And in such a way that all knew what he had done.

The laughter of all was stopped. And Acacius was freed of humiliation.
The Son of Zeus he then reared. A better Son than the father.
