My father is an engineer. My grandfather was a carpenter. The whole line of men in my family history have been from similar occupations that require precision, calculation, and in general a solid belief that a job worth doing is worth doing right.  I, however am a thief.  

I wasn't always in this line of business. In fact, I once held the prestigious title of Team Leader for sales and installation for a local cable company.  I worked my way up by installing telecom packages in some of the nicest neighborhoods.  These were the neighborhoods where people would comment on your work using one of a variety of consumer reviews apps and websites. Receiving positive reviews was a matter of pride for me, and I went out of my way to ensure the work was done properly, on-time, and with a smile on my face.  

Working in the wealthiest houses presents a person with access people's most private spaces, providing a glimpse of how they live, and most important to this tale, what they own.   

I never considered myself a dishonest person, but somehow I fell into a habit of taking small things from the houses in which I worked.  It started out with trinkets, jewelry, silverware, and other small items that wouldn't soon be noticed.  However, My taste for the thrill of the pick led me to fantasize about sneaking in after hours for a more clandestine operation, rather than what seemed more like the work of a pickpocket. I dreamed up elaborate strategies to become the type of catburglar seen so often in the movies of yesteryear, with black suit, mask, gloves, rope, and all the stereotypical gear.  I shopped, I trained, and I cased my first house for months.

424 Fawn Lake Circle was the target.  It was mid-spring, and the shrubs would provide ideal cover for my approach. I parked two blocks away next to the golf course.  The rough and surrounding trees followed the street along one side, providing cover for my journey from car to house.  In my muted colors, I was perfectly concealed from human eyes, and people in this neighborhood tended to keep their dogs inside at night. 

I made it to the side yard in about five minutes and crawled along the edge of a row of gardenias that covered first four feet on one side of the house. I only know they were gardenias from the sweet, gentle aroma that was always reminds me of my high school sweetheart. The perfume she wore had such a delicate scent that lingered after she left the room.

I had crawled just fifty feet or so when I felt a mist hitting the back of my neck.  A hissing sound became apparent as I crawled closer to what I soon learned was a leaking water spigot.  This is a huge pet peeve of mine. I couldn't just move along and forget about this. The water loss wasn't signficant, but my dad always called that marginal thinking. I was taught to think of the bigger picture, of the impacts of small things on a grande scale.  Luckily, this is a common problem that's easy to remedy with a quick tightning of the screw on top of the valve handle. As a former boy scout, and aspiring world-class cat burglar, I had a multitool ready for the task at hand.  I promptly tightened the screw down, but  suffered a serious soaking in the process.  I couldn't continue with tonights raid, it was a wash.

I slinked back to my car feeling dejected and a little bit chilly, promising myself a return the following night to make good on my dastardly plans.

Tuesday night provided the atmosphere for the perfect crime. New moon, winds out of the east at 20 knots, still cool enough to avoid breaking a sweat.  I made my way along the greenbelt, the same as the previous night crawling up to and along the shrubs against the house.  I made it to the window where I planned my entry, and stood up to locate the magnetic switch for the alarm system.  The moment I touched the window, the silence was broken by the sound of the irrigation system turning on.  The sputter and spray of the emitters filled the air with sound and mist.  One of the half-circle emitter next to me was apparently clogged, and was unable to pop up completley from its home in the ground, thereby creating a gurgling, sputter rather than a proper spray pattern.  This would never do.  Call it an obsessive compulsion, call it crazy, but I couldn't just leave it like that. Yet again my trusty leatherman was ready for the task.  I unscrewed the top of the emitter, which resulted in a reduction in pressure which allowed me to fiddle with the cap and screw and eventually return the components back to their proper position.  The emitter was functioning properly, I was soaked, and once again the heist was a wash.

 The following days might have seemed predictable if it weren't so strange. Every damned house. I swear the wealthy are either lazy or just don't care about simple and routine maintenance.  I hadn't even managed to enter a home, let alone steal anything.  The list would be comical if it weren't standing in the way of my new career. Squeaky gates, garage door off the tracks, flickering light bulbs, broken mantle on the gas lamp, loose window shutters, those stupid solar landscape lights, garden hoses, more lawn sprinklers,  the list went on.  I hit every house in the neighborhood, and at each one there was a deferred maintenance issue to address.  I was at a loss for what to do. Either I needed to overcome my compulsion to fix that which was broken, or give up on my project for good.  
