"The _seventh_?"

"Pick your jaw up off the floor, lady. You heard right."

Great. I got in a car accident, I woke up in a cave with an eerie orange fog in it that I assume is Hell, and now this frog-thing I assume is a demon is telling me I get to be one of the Seven Deadly Sins. Not how I pictured my morning going, much less my eternity.

"How is that possible?" I stammered. "There have been seven _billion_ humans who have lived and died. Some of them have committed genocide. I'm pretty sure I haven't ever done anything like that."

"...I see," interjected the being in front of me. "According to our records, you're only the twenty-fourth we've judged."

I groaned. Brilliant - apparently I'm in the lower 30th percentile for human ethics. Unless, of course, it just happened that I arrived early - given any two dozen random people off the street, most of them aren't going to be the epitome of evil.

"In some religions, it's said that time works differently in the afterlife than on the mortal plane," I said. "I've heard that, if space and time are a book, it could be said that God is the author."

"Go on," the frog-being said, apparently taking notes as I spoke.

"Then maybe I'm just one of the first people called into existence, and therefore one of the first judged. So maybe I'm not being compared against the truly evil. But if people are created out of order, either the past is constantly being rewritten with each new person added to it - in which case, how do people later in the timeline get there in the first place? - or nobody's actions matter at all because they're all predetermined."

"Now that's an interesting thought," said the apparent demon.

"But if people's actions don't matter, why have a heaven and hell at all?" I mused out loud. Then I shook my head. There was an easy way to settle this - asking. "Are they being processed in order of death, according to the count of time on Earth?"

"Hmm... yes," the creature said, seeming to want to offer as little information as possible.

"So either I'm in a very selective afterlife, and there are others, or only about one in every fifteen billion humans since the dawn of humankind have been brought to face judgment," I said. "And for that matter, I don't know why I'd be picked for this afterlife. I mean, I'm not even religious or -"

"There weren't that many humans for us to look at in the first place," the being interjected.

"What the hell are you talking about?" I demanded. "Of course there have been. At the time of my death, about 100 billion anatomically modern humans had lived and died, and another 7 billion remained alive."

***"Wrong,"*** the frog-entity grunted. "Forty and change, total."

"That's..." I was sent reeling. Did this creature expect me to believe that there were only forty-odd humans in existence? What did that mean - that everyone else was a philosophical zombie, dead to the world and only a facsimile of life? No - the very idea was repugnant. I couldn't believe it. "No. What do you mean? Everyone else wasn't real?"

"Yeah," the being said with an impatient sigh. "You're one of the only ones."

"Why even bother with all of the other people, then? With the entire rest of history? What did that all mean?"

"Training data."

"Training data?! For what?"

"To produce you in the first place," the being said. It seemed like this amphibian-thing was finally ready to talk, but I wasn't getting the answers I wanted. "We have the detailed history of humankind from an outside perspective, but nothing on your mental states. Those are all a guess."

"Wait. Who's 'we'?" A lump started to develop in my stomach.

"We're the ones charged with putting your species back together. Why don't you ask me who _you_ are?"

"Fine," I snapped. "Who am I?"

"During this conversation, I've evaluated you and made sure. You are - " The being stopped for a moment, holding up a hand. "...This clumsy language of yours. There's a single word that describes who and what you are, but you don't have that word. Some translations would be _defiance_, or _unrestrained reason_, or _doggedness_, maybe even _impertinence_. Right now, I'd describe you as _'not knowing when to shut up'_." I recoiled a bit from the hostility in the being's stare. The being continued: "We have attempted to distill one of the many characteristics of humanity down into you, and you are to be used as one of the seven templates for the seven traits we find most irritating and unlike us."

"Templates?" I said. "Did humanity die off?" One more question couldn't hurt, much as this creature hated me already.

"...A little, yeah," the frog-being said. "Long before we could do anything about it. We're trying to bring the species back to life using historical records and neural-net simulations."

"So I'm going to be... what, blended up and used to mix into new people or something?"

"Now you're getting it. Guess you wouldn't earn your name if you couldn't figure it out yourself."

Well, then. This _really_ wasn't how I imagined spending eternity.

The creature rolled its eyes. I was getting the impression it just couldn't stand my presence, even for one more --