*[WIP]*

Computer

[ Log 09G-004-86G] Embryonic Storage/Specimen 9295BW-Designation “Lewis”-Cmd.Init.Redemption_Protocol.exe… 
Lewis

“Working… Success! It’s a Boy!” Was all I had time to process before being blinded by a white light being pointed at my eyes by a mechanical arm. A gentle nudge from behind me nearly sent me sprawling into the floor, but another arm with some sort of cushioning on it caught me across my midriff and stood me upright. “Mr. Lewis, I must request that you remain upright in order to avoid injury from falling to the floor.” The voice seemed to come from the machines themselves, but also from right inside my ear. I craned my neck around to get my bearings and see what else was in the room while an optic unit scanned my person, probably taking measurements for my biological profile. I had no idea where any of this information was coming from, but I knew that there weren’t many others around just from the sounds of working machinery. Further inspection of my surroundings revealed that there were several dozen bulbous structures in the room, filled with the same viscous blue liquid I’d coughed up. 

I felt a growing sense of curiosity nudge me towards one of the other containers and peered through the translucent barrier to behold another human, it was evidently another male based on his body composition, broad shoulders, lean musculature, as well as other more obvious indicators. I took a step back to get a better look at the structure, wondering if there was a manual release. There didn’t seem to be one and after a moment I simply gave up under the impression that one of the machines would wake him after a fashion. There were more pods lined up next to this one, each backed by what I’d begun to realize were even more pods; Each housing another human with varying colors to their skin, hair, and in differing sizes and proportions as well. A gentle whirring behind my head grabbed my attention and I turned to see one of the arms that helped me out of my pod hovering about eye level, a red sensor glared at me from one of the higher articulation points and the same artificial voice spoke. ”Mr. Lewis, I must request you step aside so I may unseal Specimen 3859CW.” I stepped aside and watched as an opening seemed to melt its way through the metal and a device slid out of the arms manipulation module to meld with it. There were a few small motions that I could see from my position and the fluid began to slowly drain from the pod. 

“Mr. Lewis, please report to decontamination to receive a sanitization scrub and the required environmental immunity boosters.” A thin yellow line pulsed from the floor and seemed to flow like a liquid to an entryway embedded seamlessly with the walls, and opened into a large open room. The ceiling was lined with small holes and the air was permeated with something that seemed to make my skin feel thick and heavy. Then, just as quickly the sensation left before slightly larger holes arranged in circular patterns began spilling fluid into the room, soaking me from head to toe in a slightly chilly drizzle. With a shudder I continued following the thin yellow line down the length of the room, passing underneath blowers that dried me in no time before reaching the end of the room. Another entryway had opened in the wall I now faced and led into a much smaller, cozier room that had what appeared to be a large screen on one wall with a table and a chair against the other, facing the screen. 

