  "What, what, you wanna know why I'm hitting cars with a rake!"

  She's heading toward me. Oh, God.  I didnt want her to actually look at me. I didn't even thing she would hear me over all the car alarms going off. She, she is pulling something out of her pocket.  Still waving the rake like a flag,  around and back and forth. Her hair streaming behind her. Just as wild as the dangerous look in her mad eyes. 

  "Read the paper. " she grins flashing cracked and broken teeth. 

  She is shoving something into my hand. She looks like she barely has any idea where she is or what she's doing. In her hand, it looks like a crumpled ball of paper. It is covered in so many different stains and liquids. She's pushing it into my hand. Oh,  it's disgusting and smells horrible. Something is written on the inside. Peeling open the wad,  just a couple of words. 

  "Huh, huh,  read what is says. ", she whispers to me

   Opening it up fully,  i glance up at her,  as just wild, deranged pleasure flashes in her eyes. 

  "It says, I do what i want." Fear washing over me as the words leave my mouth. 

  "It says, I do what I want,  so I'm gonna do what i want.!" she screamed in my face.

  "WHAT! "

  "I! "

  "WANT! "

  Each word punctuated by a vomit enducing spray of spit from her disgusting mouth.  The only thought in my head is that I'm dead.  She is going to kill me and eat me. Someone, please, anyone. Please be watching this and already called 911. I'm dead.  So dead. My knees are jelly. If I wasn't holding on to the doorframe,  I would be on the group. Suddenly those wild eyes flash and she gets this weird look her face. 

  "Boo. "

  And just like that she turned around and heads back to the parking lot,  dragging her rake behind her. As soon as she turned around I slammed my door and locked every bolt on that door. Even pushing my hall table up against the door didn't make me feel safer. Outside the number or car alarms continued to increase. Hopefully the police will be here soon. Soon. 
  