The problem with humans is their curiosity. Even after a new species from the stars reigns hell upon every continent, impaling billions on the ends of their spears, curiosity still prevails. When enough people finally lay dead in the streets the survivors came to a realization. Every time someone died it allowed a little more magic to flow through the human race's veins. Bringing us back to the plight and pillar of humanity, curiosity. Or more specifically the curiosity of one Oleg Bishopi, Ph.D. and the charming young girl just waking up among the piles of medical equipment and samples strewn across his basement. 

"Wonderful" The Doctor cheered through a thick accent, "We can begin"

"Mmmph" responded the girl through tightly wrapped bandages. Her eyes were wide with fear, something restraining her neck forcing her gaze to the ceiling. She tried to move her legs and felt something entirely new. She attempted to kick her leg and instead felt four legs react. Each one longer than they should be. She tried the other to the same response, only on the other side. 

"Your name is Platythomisus Sapien and I am your father" The Doctor stated.

The girl looked at him for a moment, searching for some piece of information to cling onto. An immediate feeling in her chest told her opposite. A moment in time flashed through her mind, cheap birthday streamers clinging to the walls, a handmade lopsided cake, and her father. A tall man in a light green button down, his brown hand on her shoulder with a smile behind his thick mustache. She opened her eyes again, the man in front of her was not her father. His skin was akin to snow, and he had the figure of a beer bottle. He wore a light blue coat that reached his ankles with an apron over top, slick with blood. Thick rubber gloves clung to his hand. 

"You'll notice the improvements" He smiled, gesturing towards her lower half.

She jerked against the instrument around her neck. The doctor made a small noise as if just remembering her restraints. He paced over to her and placed a gloved hand around her neck, the other behind her. She heard a click, and suddenly her head was free. She stared down. Her stomach was bare. Her eyes crept down to her waistline, where her skin abruptly became a sickening yellow. Her legs were gone, instead, a large mass took their place. The yellow mass held large black dots across it. Eight spindling legs stretched out with three joints each. At the second joint the leg shifted to a jet black. She screamed.

"Silence, girl" The doctor commanded. 

She did not quiet. She flailed her many legs and ripped at her own waist, trying to break free. The doctor stumbled backward. She tore off the restraint at her neck. The doctor began to scramble through his desk. The girl shoved a hand into her waist, amazed at her own strength. Hot blood trickled onto her new arachnid bottom. She pushed hard, a ripping pain seared through her. She screamed louder. The doctor retrieved a needle and thrust it into a nearby bottle. 

"I SAID SILENCE!" He cried back.

She grabbed the back of his neck with her bloodied hand. She slammed him into the cement wall. The sound of snapping bones rang out. 

"Why" She grunted, holding her other hand against her fresh wound.

"You already had the magic" He began, trying to pull his head free from the cement. "You could summon spiders. This was just an experi-"

The girl pushed him harder. Another cracking sound, she dropped the limp body. She stared back down at herself. A disgusting body covered in blood. The crimson was starting to dry across the bright yellow legs. Her heart sank when she looked down at the man. *Did I mean to?*, she asked herself. It felt like a weight on a hook, dragging her stomach into the floor. She clenched her fists and felt hot tears stream down her face. She leaned on to the wall and sobbed. Her legs seemed to adjust by themselves, almost on instinct. The adrenaline slowly ebbed away as she sank to the floor, more blood smearing across the cement into a floor drain at the center of the room. A light flashed into the room as the one metal door swung open. A boy stepped through, a rifle in his hands prodding the room. He glanced down and yelled out. The girl could hear footsteps down the hall. An older man, a greying beard framing his face, stepped through holding a pistol. His eyes went wide at the sight before him. He turned away for a moment to look at the boy, who in turn was unable to take his eyes off the girl attached to such a horrific abomination. Both seemed too shaken to act. Finally, the boy walked over, gun still firmly in hand. He grabbed the light blue coat hanging off the doctor's corpse and handed it to the girl. She pulled it around her torso and looked down at her wound. The boy almost jumped back.

"Dad" He said "We need to take her to the medicine men"