"Time?" Asked the girl, sitting up in her bed, bed hair flopping in front of her face making her look like a hagged creature out of a horror film rather then a 14 year old. 

"Yes time, you know, the thing that never stops, forever ticking forwards," the black cat eyed the girl cautiously, but his eyes kept darting to the docked phone on the bedside table that was clearly displaying the time in bright blue numbers; 5:45am.

The girl wiped her eyes and brushed her hair out of her face. It now stood out at odd angles, "But, how?"

"I'll explain, but you need to move right now," the cat leaped up onto the window and peered out of the curtains. 

"You're really talking?"

"No, I'm just sitting here meowing at you like a useless feline and you can suddenly understand cats."

"Am I Sailor Moon?" The girl questioned dumbly as a yawn she had been swallowing came out suddenly. 

"Sailor who?" 

"You know, from that TV show,"

"I can assure you I'm not from any TV show. Now get your ass out of bed, grab some stuff and lets go!"

The girl didn't move. She just starred at the cat who was as black as night, it's bright green eyes glowing slightly in the faint morning light. 

"Move!" The cat boomed. The girl practically fell out of her bed as the cat suddenly grew enormous and menacing. It's once placid features turned monstrous as large teeth and claws grew, and then it was gone. 

The girl scrambled to her feet and grabbed her backpack off her computer chair and quickly turned it over as her heart pounded in her chest, unable to process what had just happened. Schoolbooks, pens and and pencils tipped out onto the chair, but the girl ignored them. She grabbed a change of clothes and a few other items she would need to get ready. 

"What else do I need?" 

The cat eyed her cautiously, "whatever you will need."

The clock now read 5:49:59. The girl starred at the cat as there was a loud boom outside, the house shook, small trinkets rattled on the desk. She turned to look at the window. 

"Don't!" the cat bellowed, the girl jumped. Her stomach sank. Something big was happening outside and whatever this cat thing was, it was here to save her and only her. 

"Am I coming home again?"

The cat starred at her, "maybe not."

She stood still for a second before she darted around the room seemingly at random, tossing things into her backpack, pulling things out of random places. 

Another shake, the girl paused as she closed her bag that was now so full it looked like it was going to explode. 

"Move!" the cat told her. 

The girl slung her heavy backpack over her back and followed the cat out of her room and down the stairs. Half way she stopped.

"Don't stop," the cat spoke suddenly. 

"My parents,"

"I can only take you, they should be protected once you have left the building. It's not after them."

"It?" 

"No time, run now, explain later." 

The girl followed the cat to the front door. It opened automatically in front of them, as if by magic. The cat ran straight out into a bright light, the girl followed. There was a slam behind her then nothing, just the bright light. 

"What?"

"Follow me,"

The girl followed the cat silently. The world was just bright white and empty. She didn't dare say anything into the silence for fear of what it would sound like here. This had to be a dream, she thought as the cat suddenly turned. She followed it. But if it was a dream, why was my arm throbbing from the cat scratch? She looked at her arm that was still glistening with the newly dried fresh blood. No, I can feel things normally in dreams, but my phone, that never works how I want it to. I can't write my phone number, or see other peoples and copy them. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and unlocked it with her finger. She quickly typed in numbers. They worked. Her heat rate increased, she checked the signal. Nothing. 

"I'm not dreaming," she concluded, stopping dead. 

"No you are not," the cat told her, pausing mid step, "now keep up, we'll be out of here in a few minutes. 

Out of here, but to where? But the girl didn't ask the question out loud. She followed silently and in the distance she saw something dark, it looked wrong in this vast white, but it wasn't a scary darkness. The white world seemed more menacing then the familiar dark. The cat headed straight through into the black as it got to it, it's tall tail the last thing to vanish. The girl looked around quickly, took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway. 


