This is a first pass at this idea with some coffee this morning, constructive criticism is super welcome.  I haven't written anything in years, but I woke up this morning feeling the need to put something down and found this prompt. I'll try to follow up with the "actual" story but my laptop will die soon so I'm getting this out before I lose it. :) Enjoy!
////

When Long-Term Gestations first started cropping up the standard practice of the world took over.  Doctor's didn't want mother's living with extended pregnancies, and so after around 4 weeks overdue came C-sections.  The Ken Burns society eventually made a stirring documentary following the lives of several of those early LTGs called "Too Soon".  At first no one knew they were different.  They were just late term kiddos.  No big deal.  There was a news piece roughly six months after it all began documenting the rise of cesarian section deliveries, but at that point the rate of LTG pregnancy was low enough that it was a raised data point that's all.  

There was a trend of C-section "choice births" among a certain section of care givers, and parents during that time, so the data points only looked inflated for awhile, but in the year afterward the numbers were bloated, and within 6 months after the second news story of rising lengthy pregnancies and the C-Sections to end them the first undocumented LTG came to light.  Jessie Caldera was 15.  She had gotten pregnant fooling around with her boyfriend, and kept the pregnancy hidden from her parents for about 5 months.  They were orthodox Christians.  She was raised believing that her having sex with her boyfriend was wrong in the first place, but getting pregnant was an entirely different level of hell.  She considered attempting abortion, but was too afraid to reach out for help, and at that point she was too attached to the idea of her child being born to truly want to end her pregnancy.  

Jessie's parents lost it, predictably.  She was sent to her aunt's house to ride out the rest of her term, and give the baby up for adoption.  That was their plan anyway.  Jessie had other ideas.  After arriving at a bus terminal in New Jersey waiting for the next transfer she surreptitiously slipped off with $150.00 in her pockets, some clothes and plans to quit her family.  She bounced around soup kitchens, and shelters for a few months successfully avoiding any attention that a "Missing Child" would naturally want to stay away from.  All things come to an end though.  Being on the run took it's toll, and the young mother finally collapsed in a Planned Parenthood office outside New Brunswick, NJ on October 12th, 2023.  

Given that Jessie had kept her pregnancy a secret for so long, and had never gone to a doctor there was no precise data on how overdue she was, but it was at least a term of 400 days, likely closer to 430, entirely eclipsing the previous longest gestation known by Beulah Hunter at 375 days some 78 years prior.  Jessie became somewhat of a celebrity, and her continued refusal to have a C-section citing the doctor's regular statements that the baby, and mother were in fine condition, especially considering her months long trial of homelessness made her a bit of a folk hero to women's rights advocates.  Her parents of course found out, as did the rest of the world, but it didn't matter at that point.  She became emancipated shortly after her visit to the New Brunswick Planned Parenthood.  A stint of talk show runs with her precariously large belly preceding her gave her enough stability and notoriety to find a safety, and when she finally gave birth some 18 months into her pregnancy it was a complete media bonanza.  

Ivan Caldera was born with deep violet hue skin, and eyes solid black a little above average in length and weight, but otherwise unremarkable.  This was just the beginning, but enough to drop attending nurses to the floor in shock, and for the doctor to rush the boy off to the NICU for evaluation despite his otherwise entirely healthy demeanour.  In fact had it not been for the media attention of the birth who knows what may have played out silently behind the scenes.  It's become well known that during the C-Section spike of the early 2021-2023 the government was very quietly performing tests on babies who had approached the 1 year gestation mark.  In fact Jessie makes mention at one point in her book "Raising the Bastard" that a representative supposedly of the WHO asked that she come ride out her pregnancy with them, but she was clearly headstrong and happy enough to keep in the arms of the NJ group she'd landed with.  

The religious fanatics rallied around Jessie's parents proclaiming Ivan a sign from above that her disregard of her parents will, and God's law would prove to be the end of us all, some even going so far as to loudly proposing destroying the boy.  Another round of talk shows, high profile medical tests and endorsements for all manner of children's products secured Jessie and Ivan's future safety.  Over time Ivan was proven to have skin that was adaptive.  After several hours in the NICU his shade turned to a virtually transparent hue like that of the crib he was laid in. After this public exposure more and more home birth LTGs came to light with an array of awe inspiring oddities.  The cat was out of the bag.  The C-Sections stopped and slowly scores of adapted children were born.   

Ivan proved to have a keen intellect in the years to come and an agility and uncanny sense of his surroundings which lead him to become a world class gymnast and track and field star.  Most people came to know him as The Bastard, the tongue in cheek moniker he donned as an adult when he began patrolling the Streets of Newark protecting the homeless and breaking up gang disputes single handedly.  He carried the fame from his birth and life as a "Hero" into the public sector eventually becoming the Governor of New Jersey, and finally a Senator raising awareness about diversity, and acceptance.  

Ivan was born 38 years ago.  Now another record is being spun into myth.  Chase Francis is 37 years old and has been pregnant for 180-months.  After Ivan the longest gestation period known is 27-months belonging to Cody Branson, who is better known as Dr. Gravity.  His great gifts in sub atomic particle control led to leaps in human understanding of physics, and his loss in a laboratory accident during his failed attempt to control a micro black hole will never be forgotten especially due to the perpetual miniature tornado that sits inside the Branson Memorial safety zone.  Chase was a super athlete like Ivan, shattering swimming records, literally leaping tall buildings in a single bound, and eventually displaying the ability to "phase" through solid materials leaving herself, although not the structures she passes through perfectly fine.

Despite the best efforts of finest medical staff in the world Chase remains pregnant.  While length of gestation is not a sure sign of enhanced abilities, there is a very strong correlation to gestation period and peculiar abilities.  

On the evening of July 28th, 2061 as Haley's Comet reaches it's Perihelion there is a cry deep inside the LTG birthing center in New Brunswick, NJ.  Chase is soaking wet, her breasts heaving while she chokes back cries of pain.  Doctors rush frantically to her side stringing wires and sensors around her like Christmas decorations, but despite the long wait, the delivery will not be slow.  Dilating as fast as her lift would predict, if not her pregnancy chase wailing pushes and there is a cry piercing the sterile air of the compound.  Everyone hears it.  Not just in the facility, everyone living, perhaps those beyond the grave should they be able to perceive it do.  Many fall to their knees as the clarion call rings through the world, the solar system, maybe the entire universe and high above the earth Haley's Comet splits and from it's center a blaze begins to descend to earth a brilliant blue comma tracing an uninterrupted arc towards a stark white compound in New Jersey.