The Archlich Zandarin sat upon his throne, looking down upon the so called "heroes" that tried to stop him from his ultimate goal of world domination. They fought well, but not quite well enough, they might have killed Zandarin a couple of times, but thankfully never found his phylactery.

He leans down over the corpse of their cleric and a soft smile, he had known her since he was a young child, the half elf's family was well respected in their town. He undid one of her amulets and held it up, and little did she know she held the key to his destruction for all these years.

A man in his 40s walk in, shaking in fear as he approached the lich. He was the previous king's servant, and he had served him well. "W-well, what w-would you like m-me to do with them, my lord?"

A soft smile spreads across the lich's worn and cracked face, "Find out who their families were and send them to them so that they may conduct their ceremonies. Along with giving them a bit of a donation to apologize for having to kill them."

The man looked up at the lich, fairly confused, "Very well." He turns to fetch some others to help him out.

"One last thing." The servant turned to see his new master speaking, "Fetch me the treasurer for me." The servant bows and leaves the throne room.  
A couple days later, he was approached by one of his subjects who simply asked, "Why are you doing this? You're after power, but you seem to want to just give it away."  
The lich couldn't help but chuckle, "I have power. I have the entire world at my finger tips and if I so wish, I could easily turn this into a hell hole for everyone. But where's the fun in that? Besides, I would like to be seen as more of a benevolent overlord instead of an evil undead monstrosity."  
The woman looked uneasy, "But you slaughtered thousands, you wiped out a whole village who stood up against you and used your magic to bend people to your will."  
"I did what was needed to." Zandarin growled, irritation heard in his voice. "The village was home to a horrible plague that I tried to wipe out. The people who died threw their lives at me in hopes of ending mine, it was simple self defense. And that magic part, well I like to win people over through methods other than fear."  
"Is it truly freedom if they can't even think for themselves?" The woman looked with disgust.

"Freedom is a lie that only causes more harm than good. What I bring is not freedom, what I bring is peace and stability. The ability for a family to live without fear of how they are going to survive the next day. Now, you're testing my patience, leave me before I have you thrown in the dungeons." The woman scowled at the lich, clearly showing no fear as she stormed out of the throne room.  
Not to his surprise, he saw her in the next group of heroes, wielding a great sword and swearing to end in once and for all. He made sure to make an example out of her specifically for her arrogance, to show to his subjects what happens to someone who stands up and defies him.

Several years went by, with the occasional group of "heroes" coming up to try to kill the lich and "free" the lands, but none were quite successful. Instead of trying to squash the thoughts of killing him, he continued to rebuild the old kingdoms and worked to create ties of friendship between the old lords in hopes of finally creating peace in the last.

One day he got fed up with it and declared that if someone so much as tries to raise arms against him again, the entire world will know his fury. That if they wanted to live in peace, they will leave him in peace. However, if they wanted pain and suffering on all they have known and loved, then they will continue with these foolish attempts.

He ordered to the reconstruction of many of the old districts and due to not needing the wealth himself, he used his own money to create new housing for those who lost it during the war. Slowly came the days where his people looked up at him, not with fear, but with joy. He didn't want respect through fear, he wanted respect through loyalty.

One day he even went and used his magic to create a grand university of magical learning and practice. He acted as the first headmaster for a bit until someone rose up who proved themselves worthy, but he made sure that all could use it free of charge. However, what was taught was limited to what he allowed. He banned the use of necromancy so that none others can try to follow in his footsteps. Druidic magic was one he promoted greatly, because he needed skilled druids to tend to his forests and to help supply resources needed in the rebuilding efforts.

He ordered the dismantlement of several different temples to many different deities since to him, they provided a beacon of hope that they might destroy him. He allowed private worship, but any large gatherings would be met with swift and painful judgement.

Decades of peace was felt throughout the land, as the many different lords were unable to fight one another for resources or pride. The Lich increased funding towards the guards who were able to hire more people to help protect against crime. Crime began to drop as all the basic needs of people were easily met, so no one had to steal or kill to survive. Brand new homes were built to house them in, the lich's powerful magic provided the ability for so much good to happen.

However, that all changed when an assassin found his phylactery and destroyed it before ending the Lich's unlife as well. Then everything began to fall apart, the university crumbled with all the arcane learning and great works were destroyed. The magical spell that was cast upon the entire kingdom vanished, one which kept sickness at bay and helped people have the energy to get through their day.

With the power vacuum, war broke out between the old lords, any sense of peace they had was now gone. Their fathers who agreed to to put aside their blades and to go to different methods of settling dispute, were now gone. Each of them wanted the power the lich had, and some went to follow in his footsteps and others sought to simply conquer the old empire and to bring everyone under their own will.

Many of the cities that were rebuilt were destroyed once more, those who had known only peace now saw their friends and family slaughtered on the battlefield on in their own homes when cities were raided for resources. They watched as their homes burned and the hope of peace slipped away.

It didn't take long but a plague swept through the kingdoms and many laid dead in the streets as the most devastating plague in the history of the world bared down upon them. Many sought to blame the Lich, since he was an easy target, even though many of them knew that he didn't want this. But they still blamed him anyways.