A normal assassin would have searched for alternatives. A normal assassin would have been tempted by the window of opportunity afforded by Bruce Wayne's ritual of spending 5 minutes alone on his penthouse balcony every evening, but a normal assassin would also have been put off by the fifty preceding floors of burly guardsmen, ferocious attack dogs, and cutting-edge deathtraps.

John Wick was not a normal assassin.

John emerged from the elevator shaft, a limp in his gait, the result of a lucky strike from one of the mechanized turrets a few levels down. His tuxedo had been reduced to ribbons, and his knuckles were so bruised he doubted he could fire with any accuracy. He tossed his bespoke Beretta to the side, then fished out the piano wire from the seams of his collar. 

His target, Bruce Wayne, was still a tall man, and perhaps twenty years ago John would have needed more than a thin coil of steel to complete his mission. But the shadow silhouetted against the moonlight, crumpled and defeated, trapped in a rolling chair with wheels, surely would not have presented any difficulties beyond the briefest of struggles. Bruce wasn't even looking his way - instead, the one-time playboy was looking out into the horizon, lost in a world of his own. 

*What a anticlimactic end,* thought John, as he limped to his target. 

"Nothing personal," said John, as he raised the wire above Bruce's head. "I'll make it quick so that-" 

John didn't get to finish his sentence - the edge of the wheelchair had driven back into his ribs, *hard*, robbing him of any breath left in his lungs. A golden cane shot up into the air, rapped against his left wrist so hard that the crack of bone was unmistakable. The wire fell away, shorn into segments with a blade as yet unseen. 

*Game is still on,* thought John as he rolled away. *My mistake.*

John's maneuver brought him to the edge of the wall. He pushed off, springing into the air, lunging at Bruce. He snarled, then aimed for the frame of the wheelchair. Bruce was an enigma at this point, and it was senseless to attack him without knowing what he was up against. Mistakes could be made, but they should never be repeated. Better to disable the wheelchair, then mop up later. 

But Bruce had somehow discerned John's intention, and a subtle shifting of weight was all that was needed to avoid John's attack. The cane, that blasted cane, whipped forth again, finding its targets easily - the side of the head to disorient, the base of the neck to paralyze, the joints of the shoulders to disable.

*This style... Those strokes... Ra's disciple? But that would mean...*

John grunted as the front wheel rolled over his palm, pinning him to the ground. Bruce tapped his cane on John's chest, and it was only then that John saw the gildings on the cane. 

What he had thought was ornamental gold, was actually a series of coins, melted and molded to the cane. 

A series of gold coins, skulls emblazoned on them. Too many to count, a lifetime's work. Only one person could have accumulated so many. 

*The Assassin Who Does Not Kill,* thought John. 

"You're the first to make it so far," said Bruce. 

"Not far enough, it seems."

"I don't suppose you'll tell me who sent you?"

John managed a small laugh. "You've been in this longer than I have, you know the rules."

Bruce smiled, then rolled backwards. John stumbled to his feet, then crouched, ready to rejoin the fight. It was a mistake to show him mercy. 

"No more fighting, John. I'm too old for that. Too old for this world, even. My methods, my philosophy... They have no place in the harshness of this new age."

The cane shot through the air, but handle first. John snatched it, then propped himself up. 

"You can complete your mission now, John. You *should*, in fact. But after you're done, I'm going to hire you. Your payment is right there, enough coins for a thousand missions."

"Hire me? You want me to kill whoever sent me to kill you?" 

Bruce smiled, and in that moment John glimpsed the ferocity of the legend which had kept their city in check all these years, a legend which had, sadly, waned in recent times. 

"It's a long term hire, John. I'll need to... retrain you in some aspects too. Let's just say that this city is going to need a new protector... someone who will be, perhaps, a little more forceful than I have been. Yes?" 

John thought for a while. 

Just a short while. 

"By the covenants, I accept."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 

