Edit: conversations not aligned properly.
***
“Horus! You really like to get caught by me don't you!”

“Hah! You think this time will be the same as last time? You are wrong!”

“Coming after every time, if you weren't an overlord of destruction, I might have thought you liked me.”

Yes he did. No, it was more than that, he loved her. Far more than his best traps and ploys, far more than his instruments of devastations, he was deeply in love with her. That day when he decided the politics was full of rat gunk, he pulled a fast one and set the whole government in a ingenious trap.

The whole mass of heroes appeared to stop him. They were weak. He knew each and every one of them. Their strengths and their weaknesses. The world cheered them on like fans cheering the losing team. Licking wounds to ease the pain. But he used poison, it was no use. He had plans put in place for all the worst possible scenarios. He's never failed once and he never will.

The heroes charged, knowing that some of them may die trying. Tackling against a barrage of heroes and their superpowers, he single-handedly beat down groups of heroes that tried to stop him and laughed as he would usually do. Chill ran down the heroes' backs because he knew exactly what scares them. Horus the Unstoppable.

At that time, there was one hero that he couldn't recognize. Eletra, she was called, with powers of electricity. She was much weaker than Voltra, who he killed long ago. She was bashing away at one of his gates with brute force. From the look of her smouldering hair she found out the hard way that her powers are useless. As he watched her punch and kick at the gate hopelessly he felt a faint urge to toy with her. He opened the gate just to let her in. Inside, a shifting maze was next on her plate. During the time of her reaching the end of the maze, he built himself a mountain of unconscious heroes to stand on top of. He watched Eletra reach the main control panel.

There was countless buttons, dials and switches of many different colours, shapes and sizes that would do countless things on the poor politicians. From tickling them to vaporizing them. She would have to find out which button does what. How many would be left from the trial and error? 

After noticing the timer on the top of the machine for self-destruct. She panicked. Pressing the big red button, she activated a rotating razor blade. She panicked even further and started mashing different buttons, cranks, knobs and sliders hoping that one of them would stop whatever she started. The countdown sped up and an extra twenty killing devices appeared around the frightened politicians. Watching her on the verge of tears, he smirked. He tapped a few times on his phone and a green triangle button in front of Eletra started blinking. She hesitated before she pressed it with her eyes closed. The buttons powered down. The countdown timer vanished. The death machines stopped in their spot. She smiled and let out a laughter of relief. He also laughed.

What has he done.

Horus, the Unstoppable was no more. Now he was no more than an annoyance. Eletra rose her ranks and was listed as the one who Horus can't defeat. It felt like a drama. Everytime Horus appears and throws around heroes like ragdolls, Eletra would appear and throw him in prison. A few days later he would escape it as if he could walk through walls.

“You again?” she would start.

“You should know very well why I'm here.” He would continue, “The things I have accomplished! My title, Horus, the Unstoppable! You took everything from me! I was the overlord of destruction! Do you know what it meant for me?”

“Why would I care! Your actions have hurt many and I can't let you go on! You know how this ends. We've been through this many times.”

“Well, if I knew that will end up in my cell again, why do you think I even escaped? To have peppermalt steak for breakfast? Well, there is that but that's not all!”

He took out a long list. Scanned it for a while and pointed at a small line on the list

“There! To take revenge! See! I wrote it in bold!”

The tiny scribble was way too small for her to see from the other end of the building roof.

“Is that all hand written?”

“Of course it is! What do you think happens when I have more than enough free time in a prison cell?”

“What's its priority?”

“Well...” he looked back at the list, “It's definitely before going to Disneyland and it’s most likely after having mid-afternoon tea...”

“Well, then let me give you a few more years to think about it!”

She jumped with electricity sparking off her legs. Her arm coated with lightning, ready to uncoil.

“Like hell I need any more time!”

Horus threw his punch as mechanical armament covered his arms. Their fists met and created a shockwave, dismantling the armament on his right arm and knocking both of them back. Horus who stood at the edge of the roof tripped on purpose and nearly fell off as he grabbed onto the ledge with his left arm. Eletra looked down at him from the ledge reading the situation. She has grown so much.

“You and your electricity is damn annoying!”

“Hold on. I will call for help. Give me your other hand!”

“I don't need your help!”

She grasped his left hand and pulled on it.

“You are too naive."

His armament disassembled and he fell down.

“No!”

She jumped down trying to catch him. Look at her. Look at how devoted she is to saving anyone she could reach out to. She swam in the air and hugged him.

Yessssss!! Whoohoooo! Yeah!! I’m a genius!! ...is what he would have screamed but he restrained himself with everything he had.

As the reached closer to the ground, his antigravity field activated and slowed them down. They landed on a mattress truck he placed beforehand. At most, their injuries were bruises. Local authority was there to carry him off as always. His wrists were cuffed with superpower dampening handcuffs even though he was never seen using his superpowers, it was a measure of caution.

As he was pushed into the police car, a voice rumbled as the police car he was getting into got crushed.

“Horus! How pathetic! You dare lose to her? Then what do you make of my reputation?”

Shoot. This wasn't supposed to happen. This wasn't in his plan. He was naive. Heroes aren't the only ones aiming for the number one villain. His consecutive loss made him look way weaker than he was supposed to be. Especially Ironwind, who’s driven purely by ambition and pride, Eletra would become a nice steppingstone.

“Horus! I will show you how it's done!”

Ironwind rushed to Eletra in an instant, beating her down. At first, she was holding up but slowly the difference in strength showed. Ironwind clicked open a folding knife and went for the finisher. The blurred knife stopped after piercing through a projected shield, projection device and Horus' hand. Horus stood between them holding the weight of both of Ironwind's arm strength.

“You are naive.” Horus breathed out.

His handcuffs clattered on the ground where he was a second ago.

“Huh? What's this Horus?” Ironwind had a confused face.

“No one is allowed to defeat her before I do it.” Horus wore his signature evil smile.

“Don't tell me... Horus, is this the girl that you are head over heels in love with?”

“Love? Horus, what does this mean?” Eletra looked confused.

“Love for rivalry I guess, I don't know what the hell is going on in the villain community. After all the time I spent in the prison.”

Horus' evil smile faded and was replaced with a cold, silent glare at Ironwind who stood unfazed.

“We know who you are mister Voltra.” Ironwind slowly smiled as Horus froze, “We started digging through your documents when you emerged as the world's strongest by killing Voltra out of nowhere. Hah! You made a mistake of not killing anyone after that.”

“How many knows of this?”

“Everyone in the community.”

Tinted visor slid over Horus’ face and a helmet assembled into existence.

A very familiar electronic voice came from the helmet, “Voltra is dead.”