"What in star's name are you talking about?" I looked at the human incredulously.

"Well Lord Zybrax, I just think it would really increase efficiency around here." Her eyes gleamed with the savage glee of a predator as she looked over her proposed "Restructuring" plan. "There's a lot of dead weight we could cut and we'd just need to make sure everyone else stopped slacking off to cover it!"

I examined her face while she waited for my answer. Pretending to read the proposal, I quietly brought up the Guide to Human Emotion on my screen to try to figure out just what the hell she was portraying. I didn't like it.

"Smug", the guide said. So that was it. I kept forgetting that it existed. Humans were... difficult.

"Firing 100 of my employees would be... awful" I said to her. Her expression changed, taking on something far more sinister.

"Bloodthirsty Vengeance" the Guide reported. I tried to stay composed while quietly getting ready to press the alarm button.

"The Resort is doing fine, everyone is happy, and all of the people working here make enough money to take care of their families. I don't really see a reason to fire people..."

"But couldn't we increase profits by getting rid of unnecessary expenditure? Just look at all the slackers!"

I flipped through the file. It wasn't the first I'd seen of it. 40 other employees had all delivered similar reports trying to get me to fire other people. Since the resort opened I'd spent most of my time fixing petty disputes and trying to avoid all-out war over the simplest things.

"Well Karen," I said, "Thank you for your recommendation. I'll take it into serious consideration."

Karen smiled, "smug" again, and turned to leave the room.

"Don't hire humans" they'd warned me. "The office politics alone are more complicated than any political system in history." And it was true. No wonder humans were so cheap and desperate to leave their own planet. An entire race desperately trying to sabotage and destroy eachother instead of just working together must live on some kind of hell-hole.

I buzzed my assistant and asked for the next appointment.

"Mr. Jones is here to see you, he wants to talk about why you picked Michael and Sarah to be on the marketing committee instead of him."

I sighed. "Send him in."

---

Read more at /r/CriticalHitWrites