"Well I guess this is it," he said to himself as he opened the door to his new apartment, "welcome to the pits of hell, Jeremy. It's not like life could get much worse." 

Oh look fresh meat. Maybe this time the other girls won't mess this up. I mean really. How hard is it to get one little human back on his feet. Hell its not like I'm the embodiment of Pride or anything. 

"Hey, Page, don't you even think about it. You know what happened last time," a voice seethed at me. 

"It's all the more reason to help this time. It can't go that far south again. We know better this time," I tried to plead with Grace, little miss greedy pants. 

You see, even though we are suppose to be the "seven deadly sins" we aren't the big guys. More like one of the trial runs. So not only am I a cast away of what I could have been, I am trapped in this little building until some idiot let's us out. You would think in this day and age it would be easier but noooo. 

"Well if we can use him to gain power and, and," that is Lily. Well really her name is Lilith, but no one here calls her that. Lily was suppose to be Lust, but she fell short of the whole love trope when she found her power over people. So now she chases any form of power over anyone else. 

"Why, so he can become some big wig, have all those girls fawn over him, make lots of money, and then some chick convinces him to leave us? For what? Just so he leaves with out freeing us like that other one? I for one don't want to help anyone again," that would Erin, better known to the demon community as one of the Envy failures. 

"Come on! We have to do this to prove ourselves. We may not be The Seven, but we are a seven. We just need out of here. Then we won't need each other's permission any more!" It's the same story over and over for me. 

The first few times it was easy for me to convince them all. It's gotten harder and harder since then though. Grace doesn't want to spend her time, Sabrina doesn't want to put in the work, Erin doesn't want to loose the love and devotion, on and on. But there is one of us that going can always count on. 

We hear a scream in one of the rooms. It's our new friend and. Well it's Miss Wanda, resident Wrath. 

"No better way to let him know about us then to scare the shit out of him," she says, "plus I got sick of listening to you all bitch and complain with Page. It's the same story over and over." She looks down at  Jeremy and smiles. 

Now something I should let you in on, our new friend can't see us, can't hear us, has no idea we are even there, unless we want him too. Miss Wanda likes to just fill a room when she introduces herself. It gets all cold and you feel very disapproved of  it's all for show of course. Or, well so I think. 

"No! Don't touch me!" Jeremy is yelling again. "Hey! Give it back!" Well that would be number 7, Gabriella, also known as, wanna be Gluttony. Except instead of food Gabby here likes to consume money. Any kind. 

As we are watching Miss Wanda and Jeremy, his wallet just floats across the room, only to disappear before his eyes. Or to ours right into Gabby's mouth. 

"Stop it! All of you!" I make sure to let Jeremy hear my voice too this time," how are we going to get him to let us out if all your doing is scarring him?" 

A chair appears in the room and Erin pushes Jeremy into it. At this point we are all just a shadowy figure to him. But he can at least see us now. 

"Look dude," Grace says, struggling with the word dude, we are from a time long before language was a thing after all, "let's not waste any more time with this. We need you to let us out of this cage, to do that we need to help you reach your desires. So without wasting my time, what do you desire most?" 

He looks around at us all. By this time we are starting to actually look like people to him. 

"This apartment is too small for all of this," he moans as he looks around at all of us. 

****

A few weeks later and Jeremy has started getting use to us. Finally. He now keeps his wallet away from Gabby, but brings in a few coins for her at the end of the day. That seems to make her happy. 

He spends hours working with Lily after work now. They talk about his job, how to make the smart moves to get promoted. Who might be able to help him. And it seems like it is working for him. 

Grace and Sabrina tend to avoid him though. He's a waste of time. There is no way I'm working that much, blah blah blah. What do you expect from the greediest and laziest people around. 

Erin is the one I'm most proud of though. Jeremy has this guy who comes over all the time. He's the only person he talks to more then Lily. His name is Bobby. A few days ago Erin walked in on the two of them. They were asleep on the couch, and Jeremy was laying on Bobby. 

Miss Wanda watched Erin as she pulled blankets over them and turned the tv off. After the last guy who came through here, this was never something we thought Erin would do. Maybe the last guy just drained it all out of her. 

****

"I think you could actually do that! You would have your own power to make your own choices!" Lily has been yelling for the last few minutes about some self employment idea that Jeremy has been going on about. 

"I don't know, there is just some much at risk if it doesn't work out right." 

"But what if it does?! You have Bobby and us here for you! I mean you could be doing a lot worse with your time after all," wow, what ever this is even got Grace in to it. 

"Miss Wanda, what do you think? Going out on my own like this, starting an IT company on my own, what if it just doesn't work out?" 

"What your doing now isn't working out now. So why stay? You can go and do this, and try to do your own thing and not know what will come next or you can be a lazy, go with the flow idiot." Well then, we know where Miss Wanda stands. 


****

"Hey, Ladies," Jeremy called us all into his living room, "hey what is this thing?"

"Well, you know how when you first moved in two years ago and we scared you and all?" Erin pipes up, "well so you see, like we told you then, we are kinda trapped here. We can't leave." 

"Unless you open that and let us go," Grace finishes. 

"Where would you go? What would you do?" Jeremy looked at us all. We hadn't really talked about the prison we were in since that first day.

"Well we would be able to leave here, see  what else is out there," this was Lily, "we have done so much for you, please, the fact that the lock has appeared means we really have helped you reach your desires! Please let us out!" 

Jeremy looked at the lock, it was a big cylinder stone with a smaller button on the top. It was black with white thread like blemishes on it. He looked at us all. He looked so different then he did two years ago. 

"But, what will I do without you all? When I moved in here I didn't think I would still be here now. Honestly if it wasn't for Miss Wanda and Erin I probably wouldn't still be here. And then Lily pushed me with work and Gabby caused me to same money. Grace and Sabrina showed me there are more important things then just working. And I have Bobby, hell we are going to get married soon and that's because of you Page. Everything I have is because of you all." Jeremy started to cry. 

Bobby walked in, right through me, "Jeremy, what's wrong. What the hell is that?" 

We all sat around and watched the two of them as Jeremy explained everything. 

****

It has been about five years now since Jeremy let us go, but nothing has really changed. Most everyone comes and goes a lot and Miss Wanda hasn't been back yet, but that's okay. 

Jeremy and Bobby have a little girl now, Megan. Now, even though we are free it we get to watch all of them. Help them. I guess it was a good thing that we didn't make it as The Seven and are just a seven. 