"Oh, I hate him. Since the day he was born he caused me nothing but grief. Won't you let me have him?" De whispered in Bishop's ear.

"Just hand me your scythe," Bishop said. "Your sibling squabbles have nothing to do with me."

De turned his back to Bishop, clearly sulking. "Well, I don't particularly care about this tournament, but I'm helping you." 

"Yes," Bishop said, annoyed to be having this same conversation. "Only due to the fact you're bound by an ancient curse. Let's not pretend there is some bond here. Manifest your weapon, now." 

&#x200B;

De turned back to Bishop, staring angrily. His hollow eyes emanating a strong red glow. Black fog began to spread from inside his sleeve, seeping out over his bony fingers. The fog elongated, forming the body of his scythe, then curved, producing the blade. De gripped the newly formed black fog, dissipating it. In his hand now was the reapers scythe, a glorious weapon that oozed a palpable sensation of death.

&#x200B;

"Always fun watching you summon your scythe, De."

"Your wish is my command, master," De said, his words thick with sarcasm. 

"Uh-huh," Bishop said, rolling his eyes and grabbing the snath of De's scythe. "Now, shall we begin, Lennace?"

&#x200B;

Across the rows of marble tile that made up the ground of the arena floor, a fair number of tiles away, stood Lennance. He was the prodigy child of the House of Gilded Lion. Many spoke of him being the favorite of the tournament.

&#x200B;

"Your trident, Poseidon!" Lennance roared courageously. A surge of water down-poured from the the sky, completely washing over Lennace. 

As the water spilled off the edges of the arena, Lennance now stood adorned with cobalt-scaled armor. In his hand was a brilliant gold trident. Lennance certainly looked the part of a prince now more than ever.

"What the-" Bishop spoke, his mouth agape. "Why don't I get any armor?" 

"I've never needed armor," De said. "I can probably make you a copy of my robe if you'd like?"

Bishop scoffed. "As if I'd ever wear women's garments."

"It's not a dress," De seethed. "I've been around a long time, and back then we didn't deal with your mortal's obsession with fashion."

"Clearly," Bishop said. "Anyway, I'm going to go kill that fish lookin' fuck across from us. We can address your cross-dressing habits later."

De vanished in a cloud of black fog. 

"Guess it's just me and you, Lennance," Bishop said with a shrug. 

&#x200B;

"What kind of knight has an avatar that just abandons him during a battle?" Lennance asked, more to the crowd than to Bishop.

"I don't know, Lennance," Bishop said mockingly. "What kind of avatar dresses his master as a giant fish?" There were a few stifled laughs in the crowd. 

"Mock my holy armor all you like, Bishop. That pathetic leather hide you call armor is pointless, you may as well have came here naked."

"You'd have liked that, huh?" 

&#x200B;

More stifled laughter emanated from the crowd. Lennance was clearly beyond humiliated at this point. He grit his teeth instead of engaging in another clash of conversation, and let his trident speak for him. The trident, as far as Bishop could see, had all but vanished from Lennance's hand. At about this same point in time, Bishop felt a terrible pain in his chest. 

&#x200B;

"Well, what an expected result of this fight," Lennance declared confidently, grinning at the crowd. 

Bishop was in disbelief as he looked down, seeing only the long golden handle of Lennance's trident protruding from his chest. Bishop collapsed to his knees. 

"All that talk, and this is all you had?" Lennance asked cruelly. 

&#x200B;

Bishop had a clever retort in mind, but with his lungs punctured, couldn't produce a sound. In fact, as the blood poured from the three Denarius sized holes in his chest, everything began to slip away from Bishop. The light from the sky began to fade, the laughing faces of the crowd slowly swept away, and finally it was all dark.

&#x200B;

"You just got FUCKED up," De said, only the dim crimson embers of his eyes showing in the dark. 

"Oh yeah, it's my fault I couldn't dodge a teleporting trident," Bishop said bitterly. "What a poor warrior I am."

"It didn't teleport, you fuckin' casual," De said. "Look, you can't fight Poseidon, even if he is just borrowing that mortals body. His spear didn't teleport, that's not in Poseidon's bag of tricks. He just threw it. That's why I asked if I could fight him."

"C-casual...?" Bishop asked. 

"Sorry," De said. "It's a joke the readers will get."

"What are you talking about..."

"Nothing," De said. "Do I have your permission to fight Poseidon for you? Or am I just going to resurrect you so he can turn you into a human-sized sheath for his trident again?"

"You're not being very sympathetic about what I just went through, you know..."

"I'm not here to feel sorry for you," De said, sounding apathetic. "I exist to serve your purpose, and your purpose is to win this ridiculously unimportant tournament, and become an unimportant king, for an unimportant amount of time, to create an unimportant legacy, that will be forgotten by the next unimportant king."

"You've always known just how to cheer me up," Bishop said, a small laugh escaping his lips. "Yeah, fine. You can have control."

"Perfect," De sneered. 

&#x200B;