Some weird things have been going on lately. I don’t know if it’s the start of fall, the cool air, or the Halloween spirit (no pun intended) coming early. I pulled my squad car up to the convenient store. It was my regular stop in the early morning, but I due to lack of officers in our town, I was working night shift tonight as well. I looked at the time. *1:51 AM.* I yawned and shook my head awake before opening my heavy door into the cold Wisconsin evening. 

The door made a jingle and the cashier looked up at me. “Evening Chuck.” He says. “It’s far past evening Rodney.” I respond. “Ah, fair enough. Time flies I guess.” “Quiet night for you?” I ask. “Yeah, I’d say so. Say I’ve heard there’s been some weird things happening around town.” “Hah, you and everyone’s mother knows that.” I laugh, but not out of amusement. Some pretty serious stuff had been going on lately. “Like I hear people are getting bit in the neck and stuff.” “Yeah, probably vampires.” I say as I pull the lever on the coffee machine and take a sip of it. “Vampires usually do that stuff.” I say. “Well, hopefully you can find them, I don’t want anybody in my family dying.” I laugh. “I’m no doctor but wouldn’t it be amusing because the vampire died due to taking somebody’s blood that had a disease in it?” Rodney shakes his head. “Look man that’s messed up Chuck. Anyway just take the coffee I was gonna dump it out anyway.” I smirk and grin at him. “Thanks. It tastes fine. Have a good night Rod.” “You too Chuck.”

The door jingles and closes and the cold brisk air whips across my face. I curse myself for staying in this place. I could have moved a long time ago away from this cold. But, I’m still here. Anyway, Rodney’s a good kid. His dad’s been in jail a couple of times but aye, I don’t hold parental problems against the kid. I sit back down in my car and turn on my radio. *beep* “Chuck this is hq do you read me?”*beep* “Ah roger yes I read ya.” *beep* “I’ve been trying to contact you for five minutes now. We have a attempted burglary in at 1513 Carmichael street. Get there pronto and go in quietly!” *beep* “10-4 I’ll be there shortly.”

I had a bad feeling about this. Vampires had already broken into a house two days ago, and it was a similar call to this one. I tried to keep my mind straight as I sped down the quiet town streets. There were no other cars out, the traffic lights were flashing, and screw this cold air. I turned onto another road and accelerated down the street. The house was less than a mile away. I had to get there, I had to stop them in before they got another victim. I pulled my car up to the curb and came to a stop. I kept my hand on my firearm holster and grabbed my flashlight. I tried to turn it on. Nothing. The batteries were out. “Shit!” I mumble. I bang the flashlight on my gloves. It flickers on. “Awh yeah.” I say. I turn my mind back into the break in. I begin to walk towards the front of the house. It seems quite dark. No lights are on. I call out on my walkie. “Hq, this house seems abandoned. It’s totally dark” *bleep* “Sorry Chuck, you gotta go in. We got a 9-1-1 call from the address.” *bleep* I gulp. “Can I get the owners phone number?” *bleep* A pause. “Yeah are you ready?” I sigh as he gives me the phone number I dial it up and an old lady calls. “He..llo?” “Hi ma’am this is Officer Chuck with the police department. Did you call regarding a home break in?” “Ye...yes, I did. I saw some awful faces peering in my house. My door was locked praise Jesus but I felt like they could walk right through my walls. Could you just... just double check the property for me?” I sigh a sigh of relief. “Sure thing ma’am. You have a nice night.” *bleep* my walkie. “Chuck speaking.” “Chuck, turns out that house IS abandoned. You were right.” *bleep*. I gulped. “Uh, I just talked with an old lady.” “Old lady Reese? She passed a year ago.” I glanced up at the old house and slowly began to walk backwards. I ran to my squad car and quickly accelerated. I said a couple of prayers and threw on my radio. “Hq this is chuck. I got the hell away from that place. Something... something about it ain’t right.” *bleep*. “Well Chuck, something about this whole town ain’t right, and I can’t seem to figure it out either. Anyway, stay safe Chuck.” *bleep*  By the Lord’s will I’ll try. I’ll try.


(PS I was procrastinating sleep so sorry for any typos etc.)