"I'm a priest," I repeated. "I'm not a fitness instructor, or a... or a drill sergeant in the army. I'm a God-damned *priest*. I preach, not pushup, understand? Sermon not cycle."

The demon clicked her neck. Then her other neck. She made an impatient ticking with a tongue, that sounded like a heartbeat the moment before it stops. 

"You have," said the first head. 

"*Two choices,*" hissed the second, it's arachnid eyes luminescent in the dullness. "*Either you exercise the demons,*"

"You fix them. Make them the killing machines they once were."

"*Or, we melt your flesh, crush your bones and kill you, over and over again,*"

"In a billion different ways."

"*Until the end of time.*"

My tongue touched lips long untouched by saliva. 

I nodded. 

---

The lava-planes stretched out to the horizon like the Devil's frying pan, spitting pirouetting chunks of rock high into the air. The parchment of skin in my hand was covered in red ink; I looked down at the biography of my first (and no doubt *last*) client, for the hundredth time.

> **Ruul**

> Minor demon who has for too long wasted his potential. Worshipped in Egypt for a mere hundred and forty years, before being overthrown and embarrassed by peasants. Has tried to re-emerge on at least a dozen occasions. He has long since let himself go. Can no longer spit fire, rain lightning, or even keep up a jog for more than three minutes.  This is his final chance. He will be cremated if he cannot be fixed. 

Sulphur drifted up my nostrils as I sighed, still contemplating how I ended up here. How had God left me to this? To an administrative mistake. My mouth suddenly craved the taste of gin.

A pig-like squeal was a knife-blade to my thoughts, and I looked to the cavern's where I'd come out of. 

I'd expected the ground to shake, or perhaps the beige sky above to be blotted out, when the demon approached. I'd thought the creature would be something colossal and terrifying and... well, just not *this* pathetic thing. I swallowed down a laugh, as Ruul trotted -- staggered -- unevenly, on three short legs, as if it had drunk a boot full of whisky.  His face was a cross between a cat and a pig: no fur, but piercing green eyes, as bright as flashlights. Whiskers sprouted out around his snout, and his belly, that looked as if he'd swollen a boulder, arrived next to me a good second before the rest of him.

"P-p-pleased to meet you," stuttered Ruul. 

Was he nervous? Did he know this was his last chance?

I offered a hand; a trotter gently took it.

"My name is Father Manning," I said, trying to sound confident. Authoritative. "Do you know why you've been referred to me?"

"You're- you're the man who is going to make Ruul better again. Kill 'gain. Feared and resp-respected. You're the man who will save Ruul's life."

No, I thought, as I looked it over once more. I'm the man who is going to get you killed. Both of us. But instead I muttered a quick prayer beneath my breath.

"Yes, Ruul, that's exactly who I am. And you're not going to like me for it, but you're going to thank me, eventually. Right, let's get started."



 



