Elaine stared up at her captor with feigned terror as he began pulling various weapons from a cabinet in the dark, blood stained basement. Everything in the room was disorganized, messy or covered in dark stains. *How unpleasant* she thought to herself as the man before her rummaged around the clutter.

The man in question was no other than the village oddity, Lawrence McCain. To say murder was out of his character would be like saying oats weren't for horses. Between being charged on multiple counts of assault and the little obscure actions he could be found doing, most folks just steered clear of poor, old Lawrence McCain.

*Poor, ignorant Lawrence.* Elaine thought to herself. Once Lawrence turned his back on her, Elaine stood up, and ran her dainty gloved hands down her dress, dusting off the dirt that clung to the pale red fabric. She was not bound, as she suspected she wouldn't be when this day came. Most wouldn't believe a lady would be capable of defending herself in a situation like this.

Lawrence had been stalking her for weeks now, this she knew the instant it began. She had always known Lawrence was a killer. Elaine could spot a monster from a mile away, but up until lately, he had never gotten in her way.

When he started this quest to hunt Elaine down, she did everything she could to make her life seem as innocent as possible. She baked pies, had pleasant chats with her neighbors, and even volunteered down at the local elementary school. These were all things she normally did of course, but what mattered was that he believed, without a doubt that, sweet, perfect Elaine Katherine was just that.
The sound of her movement grabbed Lawrence's attention. He whipped around to face her as she now stood confidently in the dark basement. A pleasant smile grew across her lips.

"Why, Mr. McCain! You really should hire a housekeeper. Just look at the state of your basement!" Elaine took a step forward to him. She could see a look of confusion and slight unease settle into his eyes. He pointed a knife at Elaine, shaking it threateningly.

"Don't you move!!" He shouted, "Don't you move er else I'll cut yer pretty lil face to ribbons!"

Elaine paused for a moment before shrugging and calmly placing her hands behind her back, slowly twisting her fingers through the ties in the back of her dress and into a small gap in the fabric. When Lawrence seemed satisfied with her seemingly lack of movement, he returned to his desk, giggling as he carefully laid out his weapons of choice. He seemed to be finishing up. Elaine would need to take care of him soon. Her eyes scanned the room until they landed on a small pocket knife left in the corner of the room. That would be sufficient.

Elaine slipped off her heels and swept across the room with practiced silence, pulling a small vial from the pocket in the back of her dress. Dipping the blade of the knife into the liquid contained in the vial, Elaine made her way over to Lawrence.
By the time he noticed her, it was too late. Elaine drove the small knife into his leg. Lawrence let out a sharp cry before lashing out behind him, back at her. With ease, Elaine dodged the blow and stood back.

Lawrence began to laugh. "Hahah! You! You think you can fight back with this??" He pulls the knife from his thigh with a grunt. "A pretty lady like you! A... a pretty.... weak... la... lady...." Lawrence's eyes began to droop and Elaine practically glides over to him to catch him as he falls.
"Wha... what'd ya... do... t'me..." His speaking was slurred and slow. Elaine gives him a gentle smile.

"Oh, you know how much I love to cook. This here is just a little mixture of mine. A powerful tranquilizer and poison." She lies him down carefully on the floor as to not dirty her hands. She keeps clear of the blood leaking from the gash in his leg. "Apologies, Mr. McCain, I didn't want to have to do this to you. It was nice knowing there was somebody else with a similar morbid hobby nearby. Though, I am nowhere near as brutish as you. But, all good things must come to an end I suppose." Elaine's normally singsong voice suddenly becomes menacing and empty as Lawrence's breathing slows more and more, "You really should have left me be, Mr. McCain."

With that, Eliane turns to the exit and begins to make her way up the stairs. She turns back to his now motionless body once more with a pleasant smile.

"It appears I must take my leave. Have a wonderful evening, Lawrence!"