"Thousands, perhaps millions people used to live here. Now it's nothing but a ghost town."

The billionaire said as he led me through the empty street of a broken empire. Hardly nothing was left, torn roads and tattered houses. There were remnants of an once prosperity home, but everything was covered in a bitter mist. The past was always better, perhaps because we were more innocent.

"Reminds me of Detroit."

I said, apathetically. After all, I had experienced what they what they had experienced. That's why I was there, to bring down the Amazon empire.

"You should have seen this place when it used to have some life." - said the billionaire with a poignant look. - "Even when they were up against the Amazonians, they were so lively. They fought a good battle--"

"--and they lost." - I interrupted. - "Nothing can comes from clinging on the past, Mr. Zang. Nothing."

"You speak a lot of wisdom for a woman your age." - he gazed at me with a grin.

"I know what's like to be a loser, to be a god in the past and nobody in the present. I'm not here to speak philosophy."

"You know nothing." - Mr. Zang shook his head, and we moved forward.

"May I ask why you bought this lot of land to be the base of operation?" - I asked, picking up a piece of what used to be a poster encouraging people in wartime.

"When I was young and dirt poor, my family used to go here in search of food. I reckon it was not the best of sight, scavenging expired items for a meal, but we got no choice left. This kingdom back then was fighting a losing battle, the price kept going down. Nonetheless they fed us. And we survive while this place turned into oblivion."

"So it was out of gratitude."

"That, and because the price was cheap. I'm a business man at heart, after all. Here we are."

Mr. Zang slided open a electonic sliding door that no longer worked. Inside, a man, who I believed used to be obese, walked toward us with a cane in his hand. He was crippled. Yet, there was an aura of a ruler to him.

The sullen, blonde haired man looked at me with his weary eyes.

"Wallace Martinez." - he extended his big yet thin hand. - "I used to be the king around here. This is my castle."

"I'm Lisa." - he had a weak grip, like a man used to living in memories that he forgets about reality. - "You must be WalMart."

He nodded, trying to keep the refined air.

"Let's get inside." - Wallace said. - "It must have been a long journey."

We followed him to a deeper room in the 'castle' - a half ruined store that sat under and on top of rubble. As soon as we got to the inner room, a swarm of young boys overwhelmed us. They all looked exactly the same, an army of discarded robots with their wires showing all over the place. The poor things. But the way a hundred eyes watched us, it was creepy.

"Mr. Zang, this is--" - I asked, nervously.

"Toy!" - they all shouted in union, making me jumped back.

'What?" - I muttered.

The hundred voices spoke once more.

"We are Toy. Toys R Us."

"Settle down, children." - came the warm voice from the back.

A man walked out, old-style suit, albeit a ragged one. His hair was grey with a few strands of black. He was the only one who got a firm look on the present.

"Howard B. Osborne. Or you can call me H.B.O." - he shook my hand - "I might not have gone down like you do, but I was defeated in the same manner."

Howard, I remembered now. He lost the battle against Netchus Flison, or Netflix.

"Since we have all gathered here," - said Mr. Zang - "Let us begin the first meeting of the Resistance."

"There is only so many of you?" - I glanced around the room.

"For now." - said Wallace with great enthusiasm. - "But once my old friends know of us, they will come. I can already feel the Golden Age returning."

"Let's be real, Wally," - Howard patted the king's back - "Our time has gone forever. We can only hope that future generations won't suffer like we did."

Wallace sighed, moving toward his 'throne' - one made of paper towels and cardboard.

"Who is she?" - Toys pointed at me.

"I'm Lisa." - I introduced myself.

"Who is she?" - the creepy eyes repeated.

"I think they mean who you used to be." - Howard translated for me. - "I'm curious as well."

"She is--" - Mr. Zang spoke with high hope, but I signed him to stop.

"I'm just like you guys. My family used to own some parks here and there. But once the Amazonians released their flying parks, we were crushed. Not quickly, but painfully. I'm Lisa Disney, the great-granddaughter of Walt."

Now it was scarier as Toys clapped their hands all at once. When the ovation ended, Mr. Zang pulled out something from his pocket.

"I'm suppose this would be enough for our first mission."

It was a golden coin with an initial B. The Bit.