He slid his badge through the lock on the door while giving his retinal scan, then placed his hand on the unnasuming black panel. The speaker spat out with a metallic screech, **ERROR**.

"God dammit."

He did the song and dance again, this time firmly placing his hand on the panel, then heard a hiss and a click as the lock disengaged.

He stepped in, flashed his badge to the guard, who nodded as he hit the button controlling the bulletproof glass doors. 

"Heya Dave, how was Cabo?"

"Pretty nice," Dave shrugged. "How'd the temp work out?"

"Didn't last 2 days. Nils had to take over. Checked him into an asylum. Fucker even broke your chair *and* the coffee machine on his way out."

The doors slid shut during their conversation, which prompted them to get to work.

"Later."

David stepped into the main office, lo and behold the coffee machine was shattered.

He shrugged off the incoming greetings from the other researchers, and went straight to the back of the room and repeated the process of keycard, retinal scan, palm scan, but successfully.

He flipped on the lights to see a mass of meat, eyeballs, and tentacles, shuddering and swaying as a loud scream pierced his mind.

"Cut that shit out."

The wail stopped, and was instead replaced by a sound not too dissimilar from gasses leaving a dead body.

Smelled similar, too.

The writhing mass shrunk as the Outer God took his preferred form, the form of a man whose outline seemed to blur reality itself, whose coloration was a uniform black that seemed to suck the light from the room. A near mirage whose visage was only disrupted by two glowing emerald orbs set into its face, a mockery of the human form.

"Ah Dave, how I missed your lack of groveling at my marvelous form."

"We both know its not a lack of respect, just a lack of wanting to put up with your shit on my first day back."

The black mirage chuckled.

"You are lucky that you ephemerals are doing a good enough job of turning the world to madness, or I'd do it myself."

"Yeah yeah yeah, Ive heard the monologue. Got you your papers, too."

"Some of you are alright." 

It was Daves turn to chuckle.

"Y'know, I was doing some reading. Isnt your father gonna be pissed about you not doing your job?"

"He is enraged beyond even what I can describe. But there is only so much he can do when he is imprisoned in a star."

Dave tossed Nyarlathotep, the 'Crawling Chaos', the daily news. He liked to keep up with the "Madness".

"How're others?"

Nyarlathotep sighed as he sat in his easy chair in the corner, now in his entirely human form.

"Melodramatic as usual".