I stand here, looking at him. He lies still, staring blankly forward. His eyes, they do not wander, do not hope, or fear, or cry, or smile. Utter emptiness is held behind them, spilling out onto his face. Such a pervasive nothing, as if it had consumed everything within him.

In fact, it had.

Light spills in from the window, glinting in the shallow ponds of dark pupil and bloodshot white. Still, they do not squint, do not blink. Outside, the birds are waking, starting their morning songs of love, of life. I'm not sure this man even slept.

Drool pools on his chin, dripping down onto his neatly buttoned nightshirt. It has no creases, no wrinkles - as straight as the suit of a corpse, and he as rigid.

Is there even a difference?

I follow his arm down to the hand. It is clasped in the hand of another. She, too, lie still in the bed, her grip cold, frozen in time. My brother had guided her the night before. Her chest no longer rises and falls like that of the husk she had so lovingly held.

With her had gone the memories, the knowledge of what used to be this man. Even his name had been lost to time. That is what had called me.

I step forward, placing my hand on his head. I caress the signs of wear upon his aged flesh, the scars of laughters long lost, of smiles never to resurface.

From within him I bring out the jagged remnants of memories, like shards of broken glass. Flashes of disfigured faces, unrecognizable amongst the haze and dark fog, its tendrils squeezing what little humanity remained. In each fragment I see beautiful picnics and fast cars, I smell alluring flowers and laboring sweat, I hear soft truths and screaming lies. I feel... love.

It is not long until I have seen everything - what little, broken pieces remain. Still, he does not react, does not move. At least the bed will remember his form. 

I take a final glance from the door. His eyes pierce through me, beyond everything in this room. Unblinking.

Can he even still see?

I step outside. My job fulfilled. Soon my brother will guide this man, too. Perhaps he will no longer be alone. I will never know. 

Regardless, there is more work to be done.