Finally, I had completed my life's work. A machine that would turn me into the most handsome man in the world!! To be fair, I already am pretty much the most handsome man in the world, but most people just dont seem to agree. How naive. What do those gorillas in armor slamming into eachother have that I dont? Thats what my research sought to answer. I couldnt dare toil with the scum and judge people solely based on looks, but after this the world will have no choice but to take me seriously. More importantly, maybe Fee would finally love me. Oh, Fee Ictional, how my heart beats for you. The suspense was killing me, I had to try it out. I ran to the pod as fast as I could, but the muscles in my legs had grown tired from the months of work. I tripped into the pod, and smashed my skull into the back-wall. That was the last thing I would experience for 3,000 years.

When I awoke, I immediately began coughing up blood. Breathing was damn near impossible. I turned around, cold and confused, to see 15 or so people who looked to have anorexia. Their eyes widened.
"I never expected him to be so handsome!"
I smiled, and stumbled my way out of the pod. It worked, though my muscles were even weaker than when I had entered for some reason. I pushed through the twigs in my way, and accidently ripped the door off of the wall. The blinding light of flash photography rivaled the god awful noises they all made. 
"So strong! Tell us, sir, can you speak? Do you know what an apple is? Ah-pull. We eat apples. Do you want an apple?"

I tried not to roll my eyes but I couldnt help it. "Shut the fuck up, of course I can speak. Tell me how to get out of this place."

They all stood there speechless and unsure how to respond. I didnt know where I was or how I had gotten there. I knew the device would knock me out for a while but this was uncalled for. I should have been in my basement running diagnostics. It didnt matter because I was getting out. I ran out the door and through the building. At a rather sharp turn, I slipped on some of the beauty fluid I had created and crashed through the wall. It felt almost paper thin. On the otherside I finally realized this wasnt the world I knew. Just like I had imagined as a child, flying boats filled the skies! Ground-airplanes filled the roads. This place rocks!

I walked into the middle of the road, awestruck. The people on the sides of the busy road stared at me with just as much awe. A few women let out cries and fell to the ground. I ran to the nearest one to help, but the ground-plane drivers had different plans. I flinched as they crashed into me, but it didnt hurt at all. What was this place made of?

The woman on the sidewalk held up her hand and pleaded that I not come any closer. Now that I was right next to her, I noticed she was rather cute. Her cheeks were flushed red, and she clutched her dress on the ground with her spare hand. She didnt look quite as anorexic as the people I had seen before, so that alone was a plus. For a moment I became entoxicated by her beauty. She must have noticed (after all, I WAS nude) because her face somehow turned even more red. Literally redder than red. It was mind boggling.

I couldnt think about it for long, though, because police sirens filles the air. With a flash of light, a ground-plane filled with officers appeared. And one by one, screaming "TAZE HIM, SHOOT HIM, TACKLE HIM" they ran at me. I held up my hands to defend myself from the police and the bullets, but their bullets just bounced off of me. I held my hands up, but this spooked the officers because, even though I hadnt realized, policemen were grappling each of my arms.

The lead officer unloaded all of his shotgun shells into me as he backed away, sweating profusely. 
I reassured him, "You have nothing to fear, I surrender."
However he was still on guard.

At the police office, in clothes that were far too tight, we all got a grip on our situations. The officers learned my story, and I learned I was in the far off year of 5,017. In a way, I had succeeded my goal. The officers explained to me the culture of the day, and by their standards I was more attractive than any known portrayal of god. It was disheartening to know everyone I remembered was dead, but they never appreciated my work anyway. Hell, they didnt even care enough to check my basement. Fuck those guys.

The officer moved on, though.
"Now because of your specific case, we're not going to charge you for indecent exposure. The woman you encountered didnt want to press charges either. The president of the united planets has given the OK, and you can live with the firefighters if ever you need a place to stay."

And so began my new life. Not only was I hot, I was a genius! On my way out of the office, I encountered the woman from the side of the road. Fay. Fay ke, according to the police.

As she noticed me, she fell to the ground again. I had a feeling this was going to get old
fast. 

Over the coming weeks, I realized I was so hot that she literally could not stand. The weakened state of these post-humans means their bodies cease to function come orgasm. I dont want to toot my own horn, but all I had to do to incite that was look at her.

Many women came (came again, so to speak,) and went in my future life, but they were different. They threw out terms like "gluon cluster magnification" and "biological super extension beam" on the regular, and having those things re-explained to me got in the way of things. Also Fay was like a billion times hotter than them, but I like to think Im better than that.

Naturally, I moved in with her after we started porkin' it because she had grown so accustomed to seeing my awesome physique that she needed me in her daily life. She was the only one who understood my work, perhaps she was even as smart as I am. No, I thought. Impossible.

Life was pretty good, till earth day. Fay wasnt as lively that morning. I tried to cheer her up, but she just held up her phone. I looked at it, sure it was nothing, to see a picture of her next to a picture of Fee. She was on some forum site, Shreditt, and she had asked who was hotter. All the responses from guys proclaimed that they.. "splooged" on sight of the picture. 

"How did you get that picture, Fay?"
"Its tattooed on your ass, I took it myself."
 I had forgotten myself, really. I was extremely drunk that night. The thought of thousands of men getting off to a picture of my ass made me chuckle, though.

"Whats the big deal, its not like Im gay"

Fay rammed her fist in to my stomach. It hurt not because of pain, but because of what she was TRYING to do.

She screamed at me, crying, "You fucking idiot! You dont love me at all! You dont think Im beautiful, how could you with that slut on your ass, and you never take me seriously! Any time I try to mention my research on quantum biodegradable neuro-dihydrogen-monoxocyclocarbons you just stare at me! Were you really so stupid that your only hope at ever being happy was to wait until a world that would appreciate you would arrive?"

We argued for about an hour. In that time Fay revealed to me how stupid I am in their standards. She told me how she had gotten butt implants that I had never noticed, and I told her how and why I ended up here. She scoffed at the idea of beauty juice, and ordered me to leave.

That was my last hope at happiness here. The only person I thought understood me I was hurting all along. And not JUST because I was so much stronger than she was and I got a kick out of suplexing my sexual partners. Somehow Im going to have to make this right.

TL;DR: Fee? Fay! Faux bum?!?!?!