70 years? Had I heard correctly? 

"Did you say 70 years?". 

"That is correct", replied the angel. I can not take you, you stay here for another 70 years." 

70 years! I can not even conceptualise it. 

"You must be kidding!" 

"We do not kid. Your part here is important to the destiny of your kind". 

I start to protest, but they are already fading away. I know they will not reply. They fade out, they are leaving. 

Usually it means the tormentors are coming. 

I fall silent, holding my mouth slightly open and listen for the dreaded creak of floorboards. 

I'd thought the angel for here to take me. I thought it would not be long. 

I was ready. I was unafraid. 

70 more years? Stuck here? How can this be important to the "destiny of my kind". 

I hear the creak, I know in a few seconds the door will burst open, then in a few minutes the pain will begin. It will last hours, it always does. 

I lie down facing the wall, acting as if I am sleeping. 

I hear the tormentors bursting in the door. One of them grabs at my shoulder, dragging me from the bed. 

I spin around, grabbing him by the throat and ramming him into the other two tormentors. 

"Wh ... wha ... wh", he tries to say something but I have him gripped hard. 

"Fuck destiny", I spit into his face, "I am getting out of here". 

I slam my head into his and swing him into the other two tormentors. All three go down. 

The mixture of adrenaline making me stronger and the element of surprise has led to overpowering them all.

I stand there feeling a bit stupid. I'd expected to be shot by now. I never planned a next move. 

Should I run? I suppose I should run. 

I run into the hall. I do not know the layout of the building but I know there is a window down to the left. I run for it. 

I've not even hit the ground when I hear the first gunshots. Something pings off the wall next to my head. 

I look at the trees in the distance, if I can get there I will be safe. They are too far, I don't think I will make it. 

I have nothing else to do but try, or wait here to be shot. 

I pick one point to stare at and start to run. I hope when I am hit, I am killed quickly. 

Fuck destiny. I am going out on my own terms. 

My mind is a muddle of memories of my life, thoughts of those I will never see again and foreboding about the unknowns that death will bring. The angel was never specific. They only showed me enough to know there was something else. 

I feel branches scratching my face and notice I must have made the trees. I see a thick bush and throw myself into it. 

Exhausted, I drift off to sleep.

When I awaken, it is dark. Night has again fallen. 

I see the recognisable faint glow of the angel of death. 

"So much for your destiny", I jeer at them. "Looks like I won't be staying here 70 years at all". 

"I never meant *right here!* You humans are so literal. Your destiny begins from here".

I go to speak but already see it fading out. 

"Will you be back?" I shout, into the fading mist that was the angel. 

"I'll be seeing you in 70 years, Mr "Fuck Destiny". 

&#x200B;