"You still didn't do the dishes," Ali said, gesturing to the sink. The teetering pile of white china, encrusted with dried tomato sauce and burnt cheese, looked exactly the same as it did a week ago. Didn't smell the same, though.

"Hey, I was busy," Clark said, his ice-blue eyes barely looking up from his laptop.

"Yeah, busy dawdling on Reddit," Ali replied, rolling her eyes. She stepped out of the machine. It resembled a smartcar, but with its silvery chrome and sharp edges, it was hardly cute.

"Come on. I have my entire life to do boring things like doing the dishes or getting a job." He snickered. "My entire, infinite life."

"But if you procrastinate forever..." She trailed off. He could procrastinate forever, without repercussions. She turned on the faucet, scraping off the crud with her fingernails.

"Not forever. Just a little while longer."

"How long?" Ali felt her pulse race, her anger surge. "How long until we can build a life together, Clark?" She tilted the plate; water glanced off of it, spraying her top. She grumbled.

"What does it matter to you? You can just zip in your little time machine and come check on me in a thousand years. It's nothing to you. By then I'll be a fantastic lawyer, the CEO of a Fortune 500 company, or even the president."

"I'm still human. I still age, I still want things," she said, on the verge of tears. "Unlike you. You can just sit there, on your throne of garbage and stench, for however long you want. I don't have that time."

"But you do. You can just fast forward through all that time."

"It's not that easy! What if I come back in a thousand years, and society is different? What if I hate it?" In a warbling voice, she continued: "I like it here. I like the Internet, I like the airplanes. I like it all." Wailing, she said: "I want to raise a family *here*!"

"But I should be the most important thing," he said, indignantly, finally standing up. His voice grew louder and echoed through the house. "In a thousand years, I'll still be here, and that's all that should matter!"

"Fine," Ali said, her temper bursting through. She stepped back into the time machine and cranked the controls. Blue and red lights flashed out the bottom of the machine. "I'll see you in a thousand years -- and by then you better be more than this!" She cranked the dial up, and with the sound of crackling static, faded away.

*~ 1,000 years later: 3010 ~*

Still wiping away her tears, Ali stepped out of the vehicle. The house was no longer there; instead it was a barren field of dried grass. The trees and shrubs that skirted the edge of the backyard had all been chopped down. In the distance, the outline of the city cut through the haze. Larger, taller, pointed buildings. She tried her cell phone: no signal, of course, in this strange world.

A distant clamor of shouts rose up from down the road, but she ignored it. She walked down the road (which was made of a soft, pinkish-gray tar). A cool wind blew, pressing the still-wet shirt against her body. She hugged herself, shivered, and continued forward.

At the end of the road was a small cabin. As she got closer, she saw it was more of a dilapidated hut -- rotted wood, fractured windows, pitted lawn. After pacing around it a few times, and hearing soft voices inside, she knocked.

"I'm sorry, I'm lost," she said to the scowling, middle-aged lady who answered. "I -- uh -- I'm looking for someone, and thought you could help me."

Without a word, she pulled Ali inside. "What're yew doin', walking aroun' like dat in de middle of de day?!" she whispered. "Dey all gonna get yew." The dialect was difficult to understand.

"Who's going to get me?"

"De govenmant, o'couse," she said loudly. She drew the blinds and ushered Ali into a back room. "Dey goin' turn yew indo one of dere brainwashed slaves. No freedo' thought, no freedo' speech, no nuthin'. Jus' worship of C. K."

"C. K.?"

She gestured to a large photo taped to the wall. It was crinkled, torn, and scratched through with a red X. The man's face was cut with wrinkles and an odd smirk, but it was recognizable.

Those cold, ice-blue eyes.