After the usual Day of the Tree celebrations and the offerings to Santa Claus had been made, the children gathered around Great-Grandad Don for the traditional tales. 

"Alright, kids. Which story shall I tell this year?"

A few cries of " The Revolution!" were heard, but most of the younger kids wanted the usual story. Don smiled and began. 

"This is the story of the Great War. A war fought between 2 states, each as powerful as the other. A war that forever changed the history of the lands, and its consequences are still felt to this day."

"In those days, magic existed. It had different names: electricity, nuclear, The Force, but almost all historians agreed that magic gave humans incredible powers. Some could control the Light of the Skies with a hammer. Others forged them into weapons that could kill a person at a distance. Still others, like Captain Picard, could utilise The Force to move objects without touching them."

"But because of their magic, humanity became proud. They sought to divide themselves according to their social classes. Minorities were ridiculed and bullied. Some, like the Nazis, were rightfully attacked. But others like the Redditors were despised even though their beliefs were logical. Humanity hated itself, and were torn apart in discrimination."

"It is from this that the Great War sprang, barely 100 years after the World Wars. The man known as Danald Tramp, was ruler of the Lost Continent. He sought to attack and claim for himself what we now call the Desolate Wastelands. Ancient runes refer to that land as Asia. And so he started the war with the nobility class known as the Chineese. His people started warring with natives from other lands, like the Maxicans, the Gamers, and the Flat-Earthers."

"This war was brutal. Daily, billions of people died. The global population went from 100 billion to 9 billion in a matter of years. People around the world gave up their lives for what turned out to be a fruitless conflict."

"In the end, it was the Weapon We Do Not Speak Of that ended the war. In one burst, it shook the land into pieces. The once populous land of Asia was rendered into a wasteland. The Lost Continent, once anchored off the west of what they called Spain, sank into the ocean. The world lost much of its culture. And humanity was reduced to a fraction of what it was."

"The reason for the destruction of ancient humans was simple: they were not united in one as we are today, perfectly balanced as all things should be. They hated each other, and destroyed themselves. This is the lesson for all of us, if we do not want to be destroyed again."

"Today, a thousand years later, our world still suffers from the effects of that deadly war. Much of the culture has been restored, but magic has never been rediscovered. Some believe it to be fake, that the stories were all made up, that we were always like that, that humanity never had a Golden Age."

As Don leaned forward, some of the older, more skeptical kids chuckled. Here was the traditional ending to Great-Grandad Don's tale. 

"I believe it was real. Because I saw it... with my own eyes."