"Hello?"

A rasping voice struggled to make itself known against the silence of the alley. I "stepped" closer, deeper, to find the source.

It was a man, scrawny, haggard, all the things that can possibly describe a man who's lost his home, his everything, seemed to fit him. Nothing more than a failed prospect cast aside by society.

"Please.."

He took a sharp breath, holding his side with the feeble strength he can muster. The splotch of red rapidly overtaking his shredded clothes told me he doesn't have much time left.

The homeless man reached out trying to grab hold of what he can, only for his trembling attempts to pass through me. My own outstretched hand fell to my side as I recalled the impossibility of ever interacting with the "real" again.

I sighed. When I left paradise to see the world that cured death, I didn't expect a utopia, true, but what I also didn't expect was for nothing to change at all.

After all, the only death they cured was of aging. People still bleed. People still get sick. People still don't survive a free fall from the tallest building in the world. People still starve.

I looked back at the person besides my feet, and his glazed eyes filled with held tears as he realizes the inevitability.

The price for immortality wasn't exactly cheap either. Being carefully moderated, only the wealthy few got the first experience of having the same face for the rest of their lives. Even then, the clientele was still the 1% of the 1%. 

North Korea wouldn't be getting a new dictator anytime soon, that's for sure. But I digress.

I may have been the last one to die before this discovery, but I sure as hell wasn't the border in the timeline that landmarked the turn of a new age. In fact, it feels like the world hasn't moved at all.

There was a cough, and another, slowly sputtering into slow, heavy breathing.

I couldn't take much more of the sight. Pocketing both hands into my pants, I try to think of something to say- to at least see the man off, to at least give him a comforting smile. But I was never good at those kind of things.

"Sorry I can't do anything." Admitting it made me feel like a piece of shit. "But you know, paradise does actually exist. It's a good place. Like a vacation extending for eternity. I think you could use the rest."

With that, I left the man alone in his last moments on earth, knowing full well that my best wishes were left unheard. I've had enough talks with those at the brink of death to prove that such was the case. I stopped to savor the sounds of the bustling city life, but found that I couldn't, unable to easily let go of the events that just transpired.

I sighed once more, accidentally letting someone get the shivers as they passed through me. Man, talk about depressing.

I said before that the world didn't really feel like it changed. But in a way, I suppose there's a certain charm to that. Nostalgia is a thing, isn't it?

The alley flashes behind me, and, as usual, the busy streets paid no mind to the lightshow that only ghosts can see.

See you later on the other side, man. I still got some exploring to do.


