Harry walked into the middle of the dark stage and flinched, blinded by an unexpected spotlight. Someone chuckled. Harry glared sideways, off-stage. The manager shrugged. Harry sighed, loosening up. The lack of a proper cue was annoying, but at least he wasn't getting stuff thrown at him like at that last gig. An awkward silence spread through the dimly lit pub. The set was almost ruined. Fuck it. Harry grabbed the microphone and started his routine. 

It began with a story about the time he challenged a nun to a drinking contest... and lost. Like usual, people were slightly bored by the tedium of the specific circumstances that led to it, but warmed up to him by the time he explained the logistics of a communion wine keg-stand. Harry wiped his brow. That was his first humanitarian aid mission and, while memorable, it also corrupted him into a twisted monster. Now, he actually looked forward to natural disasters just so he could party with those nuns again.

The audience laughed. It was actually working. Harry relaxed, transitioning into his next bit.

And then he bombed.

In hindsight, joking about how alcoholics sometimes don't realize they have a problem in a pub full of beer hipsters wasn't a good idea. The manager signaled him to get off the stage. Harry frowned. No, he could still save the set with a well-timed joke. People booed his attempt. 

"What?!?" shouted Harry. "You drunks feel uncomfortable? Y-you think it's normal to have a drink every night 'just to take the edge off'? Well I got news for you, shitheads, normal people don't need a fucking drink every time they go out! If you need to get a buzz just to interact with another human being, or you're incapable of staying sober because you want to fit in, then you have a fucking problem! It's that simple! Fuck! Vapid cowards like you are what give honest alcoholics like me a bad rep! Everyone likes to blame the vodka, the beer, the rum, but really, the problem is yourselves. I've been getting irresponsibly drunk my entire life and I've never used it as an excuse for my failings! Sure, I'm broke, but that's because I'm an impulsive douche! It would've happened even if I stayed sober my entire life!"

Everyone listening to Harry struggled to breathe between their cackles. They loved it! Unfortunately, more than two thirds of the audience had left the pub mid-rant, so it was just a handful of people. And they were probably laughing at his colossal failure, not his delivery. The manager didn't look pleased. He still paid Harry, but he made it known that they would never hire him again. Harry slumped on his way out of the pub. He couldn't keep doing this. Why couldn't he just work on safe, inoffensive, marketable material? Why did he always have to be a contrarian prick? It didn't make him cool; it made him a misanthrope with a poor career choice.

Harry shivered. The thought of selling out was more disgusting than being a corporate drone. But what choice did he have? He wasn't a young man anymore. All the sacrifices made, all the years spent on learning the craft, worthless. Just to end up a mediocre comedian making slightly below minimum wage. 

"I disagree" said a posh voice behind Harry. "I think your life would've been infinitely worse if you hadn't started drinking."

Harry turned around, widening his eyes. "Ben?"

"I mean, you've always been a pretty miserable guy. Imagine how much of a jerk you would've been if you *weren't* able to get drunk. You'd go on a killing spree!"

Harry grinned. "That's putting it lightly you sneaky fuck!"

The two men found another pub nearby and immediately got to catching up. Harry hadn't seen his friend in a while. Ben was always traveling for his weird job so they never had time to drink anymore. After trading stories and downing a pint, Ben leaned over and said:

"I'm afraid I haven't been entirely honest with you... The reason I'm here is because I'm in desperate need of your help."

Harry raised an eyebrow. "Is that so?"

"This is..." Ben made an embarrassed wince. "This is gonna sound weird, but we uh... I need you to walk around the city thinking about the funniest things you can imagine."

Harry wrinkled his face in confusion. "I'm sorry but... why?"

"That's the thing, you see, the reason I came to you is because I need someone who will help me without asking questions. It's vital that you don't know. That said, your patience would be rewarded handsomely."

"This isn't illegal, innit?"

"Oh heavens no, far from it."

"And all I have to do is walk around thinking?"

"Funny stuff, yes."

"That's the hard part..."

"Oh lighten up! You remember that thing you always told me?"

"That you're way too casual about weird requests?"

Ben rolled his eyes. 

-----------
*Working on this.*