“Hey, I know this is weird but I saw that you were reading the same book and... do you believe in destiny?” The girl nervously stammered out. I simply smiles before standing up.
“I’m Abby.”
I shook her hand and we exchanged contact information. We planned to meet each other at a restaurant. I made absolutely sure that I had never been their before. She was obviously quite a shy girl, she clasped her hands together and blushed when she saw me enter the restaurant, I made sure I acted interested but didn’t talk too much.
She had long black hair and quite a smallish nose with fairly big blue eyes. I didn’t really pay attention to her appearance, I was two busy thinking of a plan. She babbled on for several more minutes while I stabbed at my food and nodded along, she was shy but she obviously became more talkative as she got more comfortable. Eventually I made my move.
“There is a bottle of wine in my apartment, want to go back there?” I raised an eyebrow. She played with her her and mumbled out a “sure”

We were there in no time, she appeared to be very eager despite not knowing the way. We entered and I made up some excuse about going to the bathroom.
“You have a very nice place!” She yelled from in the living room while sitting on the sofa. 
“I got it a few years ago when I moved out my parents house. They’re dead now sadly.”
“Oh my, I’m so sorry.”
“Yeah, I try not to think about it. At least I’ve become more independent. It was natural causes anyway.” 
I reached under a stack of folded towels, revealing a butcher knife in my grasp. I slowly opened the bathroom door with the knife in my back pocket. 
“You’re supposed to move out when you’re 18 anyway so you can look for your sole mate.” She reminded me.
“Yeah, I know.” I was upon her now but she still stared forward and out of the window in front of her. It was dark now, a few street lights and some windows lit up, but all their blinds were closed. Perfect.
“I don’t mean to be forward, but I think you might be the-” she was cut off by a hand covering her mouth. She let out some muffled panic speech as I lifted her chin and made a gash across her neck. I released her and she fell off the couch on her hands in knees, blood mixed with saliva oozed from her mouth. I stared down at her as she reached her hand towards me before falling limp completely. She was dead.

Now I’m aware of what you’re wondering and you probably think I’m some sort of psychopath. That’s the price you pay for immortality sadly. As you know, when you turn 18, you’re tasked with finding your sole mate while your age stagnates. Then, once married, the ageing-process resumes. When I was 17, in 1959, I thought that was stupid and wanted to stay 18. The day after I turned 18 was the day I met a girl. Her name was something beginning with a D but I didn’t really care. We went to the park together, I then proceeded to beat her to death with a rock and bury her alive. Now every girl that approaches me, I slaughter. It’s getting harder to cover up the murders.  However, my parents dying made things slightly easier.

Now I believe it’s time to move town again, I really liked this place but I’ve lived here for a year and I think my neighbours are starting to notice how any of my maidens never leave. Now I’m writing this as I put poor Abby under the floor boards where 11 other bodies are.