"Bravo, bravo" said Death, his skeletal hands clapping together slowly but firmly, making the most depressing noise I had ever heard. Like someone was hitting a wooden table with frozen spaghetti. Despite the absent tissue his head I could see the resentment in his ivory face. "I just have to congratulate you Mr. Evans, out of all the horrible humans in the world, I wish the worst upon you". Death wasn't sitting on the opposite side of the table like a normal person. That was probably owning to the fact that he wasn't a normal person, but an odd looking skeleton. Not all that different from the plastic ones residing in every anatomy classroom. Somehow the plastic skeletons all had in common to be missing an arm or a leg, but only below the femur. I wished Death was missing a leg below the femur, he was terrible with and with no redeeming qualities. "What seems to be the problem Mrs. Death, were you not expecting this outcome?" I asked with mocking politeness. I could see the expression of resentment magnify in his bleached and expressionless face. Although having not asked him explicitly I, for some reason, knew death wasn't female. I also suspected this were to be corrected. "I am not a woman Mr. Evans, and I know the only reason you addressed me that way was because you are insufferable. Even more so here in Limbo then during your time on earth" Death scowled. There was a moment of silence. There was a ticking sound emitting from a clock somewhere in the shadows. The frail wicker chair Death was sitting in rustled as he collected himself. "Now Mr. Evans, as I stated before this match, there would be a reward in store for you if you were to beat me". He picked up one of his white pawns that lay motionless beside the wornout chess board. He examined it casually in his hand, the once pearly chesspiece seemed to melt with the bones on his gangly hand. I had been anticipating him to start monologing about my performance or the inconsequentiality that was my life while using the pawn as some sort of theatrical metaphor. "How can you be so certain you aren't a woman?" I intervened "In order too remain anotomically correct you must be rather dickless if you were to ask me". Thud. Death had chucked the pawn, hitting me square in the forehead. The pawn had bounced of my head, making a clanking sound as it hit the ground some where off in the distance. "What the hell man?" I groaned, rubbing my forehead, feeling a bumb forming immediately. "Fuck you!" he spatt at me. He had stood up so fast from the table, toppling the wickar chair behind him, which made a pathetic sound as it hit the ground. He was standing over me, his frail black robe hanging gloomly over his shoulders, outlining the collarbones underneath it. His finger pointing right between my eyes only inches from my face.

Might finish later