"Shit" I said as I leapt from bed, one leg already in my wrinkled khakis as I stared in horror at my alarm clock.

12:00. Blink. 12:00. Blink.

"I thought New York didn't GET power outages" I screamed to nobody in particular as I grabbed literally any shirt without a stain on it and rushed out the door, messy hair and bad breath be damned. I had never been late to work once since starting my job two years ago, and the fact I was already going to end up being an hour late was sending me into overdrive. I practically fell down the stairs of my shitty apartment building, my frantic rush punctuated by the loud footfalls as I bounded down the spiral staircase. "Two years Chris!" I continued to scream as I made it out the door. "Two years of a PERFECT time sheet thrown out the window all because you couldn't set a backup alarm on your phone!" I was so mad at myself, and still reeling from the shock of being late, that I didn't even notice the Llama.

I stopped.

New York, while known for many things both virtuous and detestable, is not known for its Llama population. So it came as a bit of a shock to see one standing about three feet in front of me, staring at me with its blank, soulless eyes. It chewed on something mysterious as we locked eyes for what felt like an eternity, which it turns out is a surprisingly short amount of time, as our impromptu staring contest was broken by a sudden, polite cough. I looked down.

"Excuse me," said the smallest man I had ever seen in my life. "Do you happen to have the seven of clubs?" He had to have been no taller than four feet, very bald, and was almost stereotypically asian. He wore a plain white robe that had been haphazardly cut along the bottom to compensate for the man's small stature.

"Erm, no?" I said, trying to avoid the gaze of the all-seeing Llama, who was still chewing. "Drat," said the small man. "I have been searching for a hundred years for the sacred card of the master of the twin souls. I have searched every continent, every country, and every city, in order to finally bring balance back to the universe and restore harmony." "You've been searching a hundred years for... the seven of clubs?" I said, as my grip on reality slowly began to return.

"It is not just any seven of clubs which I seek, but the blessed card of the holy master of twin souls, who will one day unite the whole world in peace and harmony and bring balance to every living thing." "That sounds very noble of you and I wish you luck on your journey, or whatever, but I really have to-" "May I ask a favor?" said the small man. "Look man, I don't have any money. I just really need to get to-" "Watch the master for me for just a minute, I have REALLY got to take a leak. Searching for a hundred years makes a man understand the importance of a good piss." "What? No I-"

Realization dawned. "Is the LLAMA your master?" I said in surprise, but the tiny man was gone.

I looked around me for any sign of the small monk, but he had vanished right where he stood. All that was left was the master of twin souls gently chewing and starting with its cold, unforgiving eyes. I took one last glance around. "I don't have time for this" I said as I hurried down the street. I turned back to see the Llama slowly face my direction, and begin to follow me.

And as I watched, a sensation passed through my body. It felt as though a single drop of water had landed on every inch of my body all at once. At that moment, every person in the street stopped in their tracks. The shock of the sudden cessation of activity startled me, and I stopped as well as the Llama slowly caught up to me and stood at my side.

The master of twin souls threw up.

Suddenly the streets exploded in a cacophany of screams as every person in the streets started to attack each other. A man to my left grabbed a discarded plastic knife and began attempting to stab a woman who was using her purse as a mace, decking anyone who dared to come near her. Several cars which hadn't been caught in traffic slammed into buildings as the drivers did their best to hit as many pedestrians as they could.

One woman in particular was being highly effective with her stiletto heels, and was pulling them out of the chest of some poor bastard when she looked my direction with a manic gleam in her eye, and charged. I screamed and fell to the ground, expecting at any moment to feel my skull bashed in by prada. But the woman instead passed me by and dove headfirst through the windshield of a taxi, which missed me by inches and came to a halt as the driver stumbled out with a six-inch heel sticking out of his neck. "What. The. Fuck." I whispered to myself as I slowly stood back up.

Nobody seemed aware of my presence, or the Llama, who was standing there staring at me and was once again chewing, apparently none the worse for wear after its brief gastronomical issues.

"What have you done?!" Screamed a mildly oriental voice. I turned to see the small monk standing behind me. "What the hell is going on?" I asked, the fear in my voice only held at bay by my more pressing confusion and possible shock. "You disturbed the master!" said the monk. "I have been by his side for a hundred years, doing everything in my power to assist him in keeping the world in check, and YOU, an untrained commoner with no training in the ways of the power of the twin souls, dared to MOVE him?!" he screamed, his face getting redder as he drew himself up with indignant rage. "Do you know how long this will take me to undo? I was so close to finding the sacred card and restoring order, and now I will have to suspend my search to clean up this mess! You've disturbed the balance! What you have done is a cardinal sin, and for that you must be punished!"

The monk drew back a fold of his robe to reveal an ornate metal rod with inlaid engraving, which was connected to a rosewood stock. I then realized that this rod was, in fact, a gun. "You're going to shoot me?!" I exclaimed, jumping behind the master of twin souls for cover. The monk chased after me. "You disturbed the master! You must die!" "But I didn't touch the damn Llama, it followed me!"

There was a brief pause before the monk said, "Oh."

The monk slumped to the ground, all passion suddenly drained from him. "What, what does that mean? Do I still have to die?" I asked, trying to make sure the pimped out firearm was pointed away from me.

"No... It means I have failed." Said the monk. "The master has... chosen a new seeker of the card." I stood behind the master, peering out from over the top of the Llama's back. "He chose me? Why me?" I asked. "I do not know, all I know for certain is-" were the last words the monk ever said as a city bus travelling at seventy miles per hour turned him into a red mist.

For the thousandth time today I stood in shock staring at the space where the monk had once stood, which was now occupied by a red smear across the ground. Lying next to the smear, was the shotgun. I timidly walked over to it and picked it up. It was still warm where the monk had held it. I examined the shotgun as the passengers of the bus poured out onto the street, blood trailing from the windows where they had climbed out. I turned back to the master of twin souls, who was looking at me with a certain smugness that was uncommon in Llamas.

He then proceeded to throw up once again.

\*Continued in comments\*