"Allright Hugh, you've been awfully quiet. Let's take a look at that character sheet." Leon beamed, his own race, the lions, had been met with oohs and ahs. Like the other feline classes, he had gotten pretty good base stats by requiring tons of sleep. Lions weren't as big or strong as Tigger's build, but the pack tactics more than made up for that difficulty.

"Don't be shy!" Dina added, holding her terrifying lizard concept art. "It can't be that bad!"

Elle took the sheet and glanced it over. She looked at the back, surprise showing on her face. "Where are your natural weapons?" She asked, "did you forget to put them on?"

"No natural weapons?" Leon laughed and snatched the sheet, reading quickly. "So many points in intelligence? And you sacrificed everything for... tool use?" There were giggles all around. "Well maybe you could do ok as a prey anim... gestation period of nine months!?"

"Guys look," said Hugh but he was cut off by Leon.

"Time to sexual maturity... thirteen YEARS!?" Leon had tears streaming down his face, trying to stifle his laughter. "What the hell were you thinking? That's longer than the full lifespan of most of our builds!" Shelly and Perot shook their heads but almost everyone else nodded enthusiastically. "I mean yeah you've got pack tactics and good endurance but honestly with such a low movement speed and no natural weapons..."

"I think it's a nice build!" Said Doug. "I'll tell you what, Hugh. If you make it past level 1, your build and mine will be best friends."

"Yeah," said Katerina, "just because it's not what you think is good doesn't mean it's bad! Fuck your rules. I'll throw in my Cats with Hugh's build."

"Yeah!" Shouted Doug. "Hugh, Doug and Katerina! It's a team!"

"Fuck you Doug!" Said Katerina. "Just for copying my ideas, I'm putting down that I don't like your build."

Hugh spoke meekly. "Katerina, I think Doug's idea was..."

"It's a moot point, isn't it?" Asked Leon. "We all know Hugh will be extinct in the first session. He doesn't fill a niche, he doesn't reproduce quickly, he has no natural weapons. It's been nice knowing you, Hugh! If I wipe you out don't take it personally." The table erupted into laughter.

Hugh noted the few sympathetic eyes and sunk lower into his chair. He'd show them. He'd show them all!