At 6 pm every night I usually eat dinner. Usually whenever possible I would eat the same thing and sit in the same place at my dinning room table.Most people skip dinner in favor of other more exciting experiences. However I find I enjoy the sense of routine that I have maintained. Making and eating dinner gives me time to reflect on my day and plan the next day. I usually at this point go to the main menu program in my mind and select save and continue instead of forgetting to do so before I sleep. Just as I was about to click, out of the corner of my eye I notice that the repeat today counter was 7212. Oh my freaking god as I yell and drop my soda to the ground. I did what?!!! 20 years, 20 years as I found myself yelling angrily in my empty house. As I tried to calm myself I tried to think of reasons that my past self would do this. Today was okay, I had to work. Although   my job had high limited attention requirements there still aspects to the job I had to concentrate to do. I did not have any major blunders or accident that would make me want to repeat the day. Did my past self fear/predict impending doom tomorow and did not want to face it and could not warn me about it do to the memory reset? Is it still out there... enough Twenty years is too long, I will not live like a coward. Do you want to save and continue? Yes, before I lose my nerve. I heard of stories in the news of people stuck in a for loop, who made the same mistake over and over untill they died. I look down and see I still have half a plate left to eat. I am no longer able to eat and I throw the whole plate and cup in the disposal bin. I try to watch tv before going to bed but I find myself zoning out doubting my self. I should have messaged my parents for advice. Are they even allive after twenty years. I have probably have not contacted them in 20 years. I leave a quick audio message to both of them. As soon as the clock hit 10:00 I went straight to bed. Just as my dream playlist was buffering, I got a message from my past self. Usually past messages get scrubbed/censored and most often do not get sent at all. I open the message and read "I have caught the dragon!!! [...]" I also got a payment transfer of what I am quicky calculating to be roughly more than 20 years salary. Before I could think of what the fuck I meant, I black out into the dream world.
"Sweet dreams, have fun you will need it" an audio message chirps.
End of scene 1
Sorry for any grammer mistakes 
If you have any ideas about what should happen tomorrow.
Any and all critics wellcome