"Sup man," I said, raising my right arm weakly. Sure, I was nervous, but the red and furry little creature reclining in a La-z-boy recliner reading a book with half frame glasses struck a genuine chord within me.

Startled, the nefarious imp put down his novel, "Keeping the Hearth Clean; a Book of Maintenance for Your Home and Heart,", and took of his reading glasses. He folded them up, deliberately, and placed them on top of the book on a side table. He struggled to arise from the recliner, pulling levers and leaning forward before practically leaping away from the thing. 

He walked up to me, extended a hand smoothly, and said, "How do you do, Tim?"

Naturally, I raised my own hand and clasped his in a firm shake. But only during the release, as my wrist went limp back to my side, did I realize just how uncomfortable it was to have someone know absolutely everything about you and your life. Your thoughts, your name. Your memories, your betrayals.

My life rushed through my body. I had always believed in a real life magic, existing in subservient subtlety behind known science. But here, in this devil's lair, I could see the swirling power of emotions crashing through my body. Slashing through any walls I had maintaining my posture. 

With sad, puppy-round eyes, the demon looked upon me. It seemed his gaze was from high above, despite his meager three feet of height. The burden of wisdom become suddenly apparent to me. His shoulders were tiny, his frame was frail. And yet, at the edges, if i peered through my own swirling mists of memories, I could see the vestiges of a powerful omnipotence, rivaled only by God himself, that fuck. 

With a crack and a snap, my miasma of magic dissipated. Lucifer said clearly, "I know why you are here,". He paused. It seemed the little red rocket of evil was choking up. "Lets go play some games," He turned away and walked into his massive parlor, beckoning me to follow.

You see, God has a rule. A rule I broke on purpose. And even if I could get into Heaven now, with all the other sinners and saints; that is not why I fucking killed myself.