The voice that calls from the dusty shelf across from me is one that is both familiar and completely alien. I glance in the direction it came from and my eyes are overcome with a brilliant flash of golden sunlight bouncing off the object. "No way" I think to myself as its shape comes into being and my eyes adjust to the gleam. "Mjölnir, I can buy, it's at least rooted in an actual myth...but this?"

"You have doubt?" comes that alien voice speaking into my mind. "Come closer and I shall show you the truth" 

I find myself drawn to it, though I don't remember telling my legs to walk. I look down to find that they aren't, a 2 inch gap between my soles and the floor is impossible...Yet...

"Take it in your hands and you will know that it is true" 

Alarm klaxons sound in my subconscious as I see myself reaching for the object "If it's really what it looks like DON'T TOUCH!" is a fleeting thought as my hand nears the golden surface. 

As my fingers make contact I feel a surge of energy race up my arm into my brain and I am flooded with images of people and places I know intimately but that cannot possibly exist. 

A child in an alley covered in his parents blood.

A world in the midst of being torn apart, as the sole refugee flees in a small craft.

A forensic scientist hard at work on a stormy night.

All these people and more I see. 

The pilot in green, who loses himself to fear

The sole survivor of a dead race mourns his wife and child.

As the images fade I can't help but shudder at the implication.

They are real. Not fictional characters, but real people. In the multitudes of realities...they are there.

The voice asks "Did you see the truth?" In a quavering voice I respond with a "*yes*", It continues, "Then you know the mantle must be taken up, and you alone, in all of the multiverse are a worthy replacement" 

"You must have the wrong person...I don't belong there, I can't....I don't want this!" I nearly scream at it.

"It is not about wanting child. It is Fate that calls you to service."

With a shudder, those words echo through me. If it has to be done, who am I to deny it. 

My fingers tremble as I lift the helmet. After all.....You can't fight Fate.

