"Your name's not Arthur, per chance?" Sword asked politely.

Mangler shook his mop of wild hair. "Arthur Perchance? It's not even Arthur. People 'ere call me Mangler."

"What a pickle," Sword said. "What a pickle indeed. Well, I suppose you did get me out of the stone, so that fulfils the prophecy..." A reluctant sigh. "Congratulations then, Mangler, King of all Britain."

"Did you hear that, fellas?" said Mangler, turning to his rag-tag bandit crew. "And to think me old mum thought I'd make nothing of meself."

"You didn't help the situation none by murdering her," said Rabies.

"She got what was coming!" the King growled back. "Deserved it for always thinking the worst of me."

"Ey, no fair, like," said Throatripper, deciding it time to lay her claim. "I saw the sword thing first!"

"And I had the idea to smash the rock open," said Rabies. "If anything, I should be King of all Britain."

"Lads," said Mangler, raising his hands. "And, uh, lady. You all heard the sword. It said *Mangler* is King of Britain. Nothing I can do about it. Really wish there were. But there in't. So how 'bout you all get on your scummy knees and pray to Mangler, before 'e smites ya down!"

Sword began to tremble in Mangler's great hand. "I can't really... *smite*, Sir" it said.

Mangler scowled at the weapon. "What do you mean you can't smite? Yer a magical sword, ain't ya?"

"I'm uh, I'm more of a show-sword, than a fighting sword. I'm not even sharp."

"Then what good is ya, exactly?" Mangler hissed.

"Well, I'm quite sharp *witted*."

Throatripper began to laugh. "'Ere that boys? Mangler's sword is blunt."

"Probaly don't even stay 'ard when he needs it!" taunted Rabies.

Mangler ran his finger along the edge of Sword. 

"Oh Sir, please stop! I'm really very ticklish." 

Laughter. Not just from Sword.

King Mangler scowled as he stared at his comrades. "I can still bash you lot on the head with it! So how about a little resp--" 

"Uh, actually," Sword began. "I'm rather fragile. Think of me like a blunt piece of show-glass."

"Ohh!" said Throatripper, "King Mangler has a piece of blunt glass. We best all bow down before he shines the sun in our eyes." 

"Wot sun?"

"What's your first command, Your Majesty?" asked Toenail.

"Uh..." King Mangler considered. It had long been a dream of his to make a real difference to the world, to prove mumsie wrong, and now he finally had the chance. He raised his sword. "An alliance with all of Europe! End of our wars! Free trade and free movement of all peop--"

Groans cut him off. "That'd never work," Toenail replied. "You can't just force diverse sets of peoples together in artificial super-states, not to mention the inherent problems that the flow of free immi--

"It could work," Rabies cut in, stroking his long beard considerately. "As long as the Kings and Queens are all competent and do what's best for all citizens instead of themselves. Imagine how strong we could be, united. The Mongols would think twice!"

Toenail yelled back. "Yer a daft idiot, that's for sure. There's no way that we could all--"

"Maybe we should have a vote and let the people decide!"

More voices joined it. Raucous arguments quickly turned into flying fists.

"Oh, feck this for a laugh," said King Mangler. "I abdicate."

"What? You can't just do that," complained Sword, but it was already sailing through the air, heading towards a large pool of water.

*Plop*


