I knocked on the door, then put my hands in my pockets and whistled quietly to myself. I always get nervous when I'm saving the world.  

People call me the Angel of Death, I don't know why. They don't say it to my face. To my face, they just call me Sir.  

People always seem uncomfortable around me. They avoid me. I think they are afraid of me. I don't know why.  I wouldn't hurt a fly. Heck, I don't even raise my voice when I'm mad.  

I've never been in a fight. I have, however, saved the world 8 times. Whenever some Big Bad threatens the world, the military basically abducts me and asks for my help. They find the baddie, drop me off, and I talk them into surrendering.  

Well, I don't have to talk, usually. Doctor Quake smashed his own Seismic Shredder when I walked into his base. The Inferno fell on his face and wept. Maybe you've heard of Captain Megaton? He ran away from me. I didn't even get a chance to say anything.  They never looked at me either. They always looked behind me.  

So, here I stood. The Technologist, a new villain, had found a vulnerability in security for the US' nuclear arsenal. After proving it by launching a few dozen missiles at the Moon, he had made one demand:  He wanted to talk to me. One conversation, and he'd turn over his information on the security flaw.  

Some government suits landed a helicopter on my lawn and flew me to a warehouse the Technologist had identified in Chicago. He didn't specify that I had to be alone, but nobody else got off the helicopter. I could feel their relief as I stepped out.  

After a minute or two of waiting, I heard a click from inside the building, and the door swung open. I walked in, confident nobody would try to hurt me. Nobody ever did.  

The room was dark. ""H-hello?"" I called. ""It's me. Um, the Angel of Death."" I cautiously continued into the large room. The echoing quality of my steps told me it was empty, or nearly so.  

Suddenly, a screen lit up in front of me. I jumped, then closed my eyes. ""Dang it. Calm down. He's not going to hurt you,"" I told myself.  

""Correct, SHE is not. I just want to talk. You'll have to forgive me for doing it like this. Technologist. Pleased to meet you, for now.""  

I opened my eyes and saw a face on the screen. A severe-looking woman with black hair regarded me with brown eyes. ""I don't intend to let you or your friend kill me, but I had to talk to you. I had to understand what sort of person you are.""  

I blinked. ""What do you mean? And I'm alone.""  

The woman arched an eyebrow. ""I doubt that. From what I've seen, your friend is always near you."  

""I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about.""  

The Technologist studied me for a minute. "Is that possible? Give me a minute." I heard typing. ""What do you remember about your encounter with Deadeye?"". 

""He was the first villain I met."" 

""That's right. He got a team of very dangerous men into the United Nations headquarters. He was going to kill everybody in the building. Unfortunately for him he started with a janitor that crossed his path outside the assembly hall."" 

""Right. Or so I'm told. My memory is pretty fuzzy there. I don't remember much about the first few villains I met, actually."" 

"Then let me refresh your memory. I manged to get my hands on some security camera footage."  

The screen switched to an overhead view of a large, nearly-empty hallway. I saw myself with a mop and rolling bucket, and several armed men approaching. One of them pointed at me and another stepped up and shot me.  

As I watched, I put my hand on my chest.  Nobody in video moved.  I thought it had stopped. But then I noticed a figure standing behind me in the video. It wore a dark robe, and had reached an arm around me. The robe-covered arm covered my chest. 

I squinted. No, not a robe. There were feathers on it. A wing? 

The others in the video started moving again. I heard screaming and everybody opened fire on me and the dark figure. It spread those...wings...and rushed the group. I blinked and suddenly it was amongst them. The screams took on a desperate quality as it swung...a sword? It cut them down one by one as gunshots continued to ring out.  

At one point, one of them managed to focus on my frozen form, next to the mop bucket, and fired a shot. The figure lashed a wing to the side, between the shooter and myself. Then it focused on him and literally cut him to pieces. 

Soon the noise stopped. It had taken maybe 15 seconds to completely destroy the heavily-armed men. I gaped, then turned and looked behind me. ""I don't remember any of that."" 

""Well, that is interesting. And these?"" 

A series of videos played on the screen. In each one, somebody had attacked me in some way, and everybody but me had died. I was silent. Horrified.  

""Very interesting. Nobody told you how these first events went? I thought you summoned it, but maybe you don't control it at all.""  

I heard her finger tapping the table she was sitting at. ""...But I won't get an opportunity like this again. You may not have done it on purpose, but you are the cause nonetheless.""  

I saw a bright light from beneath me, and saw cracks on the floor, and pieces started to move up. I realized it was an explosion, but it was moving slowly. I had a vague impression of a large arm sweeping me up and tossing me out of the building, through the door I had left open. It was at least 30 feet.  Before the sound of the explosion, I heard the Technologist scream briefly over the speakers. I woke up later, slightly bruised but otherwise unharmed. 

I found out later that they had found the Technologist later. She had been stabbed to death in her apartment. The police thought she had had a partner who turned on her, but I knew better. 