"Alright gents you know the drill.  We've done this hundreds of times.  Your standard adrenaline farm.  Kill the farmers, rescue the u-cons.  Green light in five, four, three..." Captain Scully smashed his fist against the red button and the door behind him folded up and open.  The sound of wind filled the cargo bay and anything that wasn't part of the original aircraft began moving about.  

This was my first bust.  I had heard stories about the farms.  So here I was, 23 and fresh out of bootcamp, about to drop on some moon near some planet with a name I couldn't pronounce if I tried, about to rescue abducted humans while my brother sat at home playing Madden 25 and smoking pot, if he only knew.  These missions are always classified.  Doubt he would believe me anyway.  
walked to the opening and rolled into freefall.  As my chute opened and I saw the jungle below my heart started to race.  I thought to myself how strange it was that everything looked like the old Vietnam movies I grew up watching. 

"Overwatch one, rescue one," Scully called the pilots to give them an update.  It would be months before Washington recieved the relay and by then we would already be almost home but hey, protocols.  

"Rescue one, overwatch one," they responded.

"IR says we landed 600 ft due west of the target.  Mission go.  35 mikes until extract.  See you soon."

"Roger that, copy all," they responded as we watched them lift into orbit.  

Captain turned to me, "Alright Marine, ready to pop your cherry?"

"Yes sir," I replied in a strong whisper.

The eight of us turned toward the compound and raised our M16s as we marched in.  You would think the scientists back home would have invented better weapons by now.  I guess they do what they can though.  

Despite what they show in the movies in the 60 years since we started tracking them we still haven't managed to salvage one UFO.  Training said they have some kind of self destruct mechanisms.  

We reached the compound unnoticed.  I opened the barn looking door and peeked inside.  Nobody.  All the machinery was there but no people.  A New York Yankees hat was on the ground.  I thought of the abductees and what they must have thought as they were being moved.  Then in the silence I thought of my uncle and the stories he told me about the ambushes he used to run into fighting the Viet Cong.  

A loud explosion in the distance rang heavily.  

"Rescue one, overwatch one, were going down," the radio spoke in a calm voice.  How could they be so calm?  How are we getting home?