The hum resonated in my throat, not really following along to the tune that blasted it's way out of the radio.    

My heart thumped away with each breath, a cautious hand motion with each sway of my hips as I slid the soft goo across the top of the puffy sponge.     

That is right, I was making cake. I had promised to make it for this guy I met on campus, since he was leaving to go to a different college next week.   

He was tall, dark, and actually not too handsome. He was no Brad Pitt, but he was so very nice. He calmed me in my darkest of hours, with his witty humor, and hatred of sports.   

He had spent an hour one time arguing with one of the football players about how pointless the sport itself was.     

He meant a lot to me, and his leaving caused a sadness to filter into my heart.     

So here I stood, on a nice sunny Saturday evening, decorating a cake. 

The radio set to play the tune: "September" By Earth, Wind, and Fire. Which happened to be one of my favorite songs to listen to.    

My soft humming slowly turned into mouthing the words. Before I knew it, I was singing along with the song, swaying my hips like a dancer on stage.   

I lifted the icing tube to my lips, acting as though it was a microphone, and sung even louder.   

My heart froze, I heard the door to my back yard open up behind me. I owned no pets, nor did I have roommates, and I could have sworn I left all the doors locked.   

Of course, it was just my luck to be getting robbed mid song.    

I spun around, pointing the end of the icing tube towards the door, as though it was a weapon. My heart froze even more, as I stared at the thing in front of me.  

He had dark eyes, that seemed to be the pits of hell themselves. His jet-black hair held long, trailing down his back. It swayed back and forth, almost as if it was alive.    

He had the figure of a human, and wore no shirt. I could almost count the muscles on his upper body.   

His lower half was covered in fur, down to his bare feet. Each nail on his toe was a coal black, and pointed at the tip.    

He scratched his head, and looked at me, a confused expression about his face. 

"September the demon, at your service, ma'am."