I am typing this blindly.  I need too just to make sure I remember.  These welding goggles are keeping out most of that maddening light that still remains, but there are things I cannot unsee that I mustn't see again.

Years of touch typing have enabled me to get this far into the document.  If I were to use a pencil, I'd have lost half the page in scribbles by now.

The short of it is that this was a bad idea, and the best one we had.

Nuclear weapons work if they can trigger at precisely the right time.  I imagine the ship they came in was studded with cameras that'd rival any nation's spy satellites.  Based on the rings around the vessel and what we could detect on radio, we ventured they used magnetic scoops to pick up material.  And massive lasers to ionize it before hand.

We will never find out if they had hands.

They dropped rocks on us.  Many of the capitals are now disaster areas, and relief efforts are strained.  Same as when a natural disaster hits, but this time it hit home.

We had one last trick.  One last, stupid trick.  I think, in the end, it may have been worth it, but there are these things that keep falling from the sky...  And the things around me.  These goggles are rated for looking at the sun - I have to trust they're ok.

>beep

Good.  The computer still has power.  I've been saving this document every few lines just to make sure it's safe.  That I'm safe.

We used the HAARP array.  A very low frequency, high amplitude signal was sent into the skies, shortly past the ship.  The array was shortly destroyed.  It had time to push only a small hole in reality, that would really never have been of any consequence.

Unless something else decided to open it up from the otherside.

It's here in Arecibo that we came in.  We had made these things in the labs before, and found that a carefully modulated pattern of microwaves could close these holes, but the larger they were, the more energy the snap-back would release.

There was a dozy of something opening that hole.

I'm glad I had these goggles.  By the time I heard the screams that something was coming through devolve into the screams of the crazed and the damned, I knew that the snap-back was going to be brighter than the mad Russian's bomb.  I needed these goggles.

Things are still falling from the sky, but I imagine it's slightly better than either of those alternatives.  I also don't imagine that this can be covered up any longer.

The pulsations of ...  things ... around me are growing a bit louder.  I hope this email finds you.  I do not believe it will find you well.