 

I was spinning my butter knife on the counter next to my plate, fixating on the patterned metal handle as it rotated and reflected around the kitchen. I saw as the blade rounded toward me that my mother was walking back over to the table, so I silently halted the utensil to avoid her annoyance. She would surely remark that my knowledge of table manners had also regressed since going away to college, and I was not about to open that can of worms again. 

“We made these potatoes at Thanksgiving this year. I was sure you’d be happy to have them were you to attend.” She didn’t even wait two minutes.

“I appreciate you making them, Mom. They’re delicious as always.”

“Such a shame you weren’t able to get your paper done in time. It was so quiet around here.”

It never ceases to amaze me how rarely she lumps Miranda and myself together when dishing out criticism. Apparently staying in Rochester to study wasn’t as dignified a reason as a ski trip to miss a family holiday. 

“I understand your disappointment, Mom. But this was for a quarter of our grade. And with psychology being my major, I wanted to ensure your money was not wasted on my education.”

“What’s this so-called course you’re taking called again? My memory can scarcely recall Tuesday’s book club these days. It’s a wonder I get anything done around here.” I wonder the same, but for an entirely different reason.

“Developmental psychology, Mom. How our minds develop as we age and as we experience new things in the world.” 

“Has your professor at least had the good sense to discuss the importance of structure and discipline in behavior development? Or do they keep doling out copies of “Free To Be...You and Me” even in this day and age?” You’d think she sent me to Boulder to wear sandals and smoke on a lawn the way she imagines my situation. And she’s the one who signs the damn tuition checks. 

“This course only covered up to toddler period of development, Mom. We’ll get into childhood and beyond next semester.”

“Good. God willing, they’ll keep the integrity of this science to what’s really going to help this country. None of this imaginative dreamy nonsense.” 

“Don’t worry, Mom. You raised me well enough to keep my instincts sharp for silly theory. If only you had been in class with us the other day. They were talking about the concept of ‘imaginary friends’, have you ever heard of those?”

“No, and I’m glad.”

“Well, you would have gotten a good laugh out of it. Apparently toddlers and even some older children can conjure up entire personalities and histories of people they treat as if they’re real. I couldn’t understand what they were talking about. Neither could Miranda. She thought the whole hour lecture was a joke or something, a test.”

“Who?” She turned only slightly, only bringing her eyes as far up as the salad bowl in front of me. 

“Miranda, you know, my sister? Since, I don’t know, birth?” Her hearing must be going too. Maybe she wouldn’t detect the sarcasm.

“What do you mean, dear?” Her voice quivered, like a hostage speaking to her captor under duress. 

“My sister? My twin? Miranda Jane? We’re in class together, don’t you remember?” God, she’s surely getting senile. 

I braved looking up at her face. She had begun to giggle nervously. She reached for her iced tea with two lemons. I could see her arm shaking as she brought it close to her lips. 

“What’s wrong, Mom? Did you forget your own kid? You certainly seem to when it comes to Thanksgiving. There are two of us who didn’t come home, remember?” I was pushing my luck. Senile or not, that was probably going to get me in trouble. 

She was nearly whisper-screaming while still holding the plastic cup in front of her face. “You really need to stop this silliness, honey. People are going to start thinking you’re experimenting with illegal drugs up there.” 

I was stunned. If I didn’t know my mother any better, I would say she was almost mocking me. And not underhandedly as usual. 

Just this once, I was dying for her to look at me. Her limit of vision was inching up to my plate. 

“So it’s not just in my head that you like to pretend I’m the only kid worth complaining about? Isn’t that lovely? No wonder Miranda didn’t come home for Christmas. Not that you’d even dare to question her use of her free time.” 

She slammed the glass down on the table. “That’s enough! After all the hardship we endured for your education, how dare you entertain these nonsensical childish notions! If your father weren’t away on business, he wouldn’t even be able to look at you right now.”

I felt all the blood drain from my face as my mind processed each word of her indignation. I felt my mouth go slightly agape, but the words were begging not to leave my mouth. My brow furled as I suddenly felt the urge to run away.

“Mom,” I whispered, “what...what are you talking about?” 

She crossed her arms, looked me up and down just to my neck as if I were an impending threat. “Your father.” She felt the boring of my stare as she paused. “He could barely stand the insult of you not wanting to be with us for our family holiday traditions, he could not condone this fanciful rambling of a thought experiment.” 

I suddenly couldn’t even look at her. I stared at the fading floor near the refrigerator that had all but lost its varnish after years of idling across the surface. 

Finally I stammered it out, “But Dad died when I was thirteen, Mom. Where do you think he is?” The tears welled in my eyes. 

I could hear her choking on nothing to say. The silence rang in my ears a thousand times louder than the humming of our air conditioner. Finally I brought my eyes back up to hers. 

But she couldn’t find a single word to retort. She just remained there frozen, looking me in the eye finally. There was no confusion, or anger, or even love. There was only lucid terror, as if for the first time she knew who she was talking to. 