I'd always been a drinker. From the beginning of high school, it helped me deal with the shit that life throws at you. When people started finding out the secret to these crazy abilities, I knew I'd never be able to be one of them. I didn't work out, I didn't run, I wasn't super smart. I was just an average guy working a desk job that paid my bills on time. My free time was spent playing video games or hanging out with my friends at bars. They always happened to comment on my drinking ability and my bar tabs were always much more expensive than anyone else.

Imagine my surprise as I am knocking back some whiskey one Thursday night comfortably in my living room and my body starts to feel a new kind of buzz I had never felt before. Like I was flying almost. Like I could walk on water. I felt great, but also a little scared. I set down my glass and figured maybe that was enough for tonight. I pick up my pitcher of water and begin to pour some for myself before heading to bed. I watch slowly as the water, flowing from the mouth of the pitcher, turns to a deep brown right before my eyes. I set it down and stare at both the pitcher and my cup of... brown liquid.

My hand shaking, I pick up my glass and take a small sip. **Whiskey**. And it was damn good too. Better than what I was drinking earlier. I dump out the cup into the sink and I go to make another pour. I really want some water and don't want to wash down my medication with alcohol. I pour, and again, as the water falls into my cup the color changes. Another sip, more whiskey. I start to sweat as I come to the realization that this was my ability. I have drank so consistently for so long, I must have finally hit some kind of threshold! I am pretty buzzed at this point and its late, so I wash down my pills with my new found whiskey making powers and settle into bed for the night.

I get into work Friday morning and I can't wait to tell my friends what happened last night. I gather them all up in the break room and get a pitcher of water to demonstrate. I pour, and sure enough halfway through the stream of water, it transforms into whiskey. Everyone in the break room goes nuts. No one that any of us know has this ability and we all now get to drink for free, as long as you like whiskey. The rest of the office comes in hearing all the fuss and I show them as well. They are all in awe. After I explain to them the story of how it all happened, one of them has an idea and brings me a bottle of wine. She says "Take a drink and then pour from the pitcher into the glass again." I follow her orders and in the middle of the stream, the water turns to a dark red wine. The whole office goes wild again as we all come to the realization that I can make whatever we want as long as we have a bit on hand.

Word of my new ability gets out and spreads around town pretty fast. I make a lot of new "friends" very quickly. My close friends tell me I should start charging for all these people asking to make them barrel fulls of whatever their drink of the day is. I think about it, but ultimately decide against it. But I do let people know that I can't be spending all my time turning water into wine for everyone. I have everyone spread word that I will be doing it from 1-6pm every Saturday.

Saturday rolls around and there is a massive line already when I wake up. I figure I should get a head start on this, get dressed and head out to my booze making station. I get three groups done, and the fourth slowly makes their way up to the station. I look them over and am surprised to see a group of nuns. They hold some religious things in their hands, one I recognize as a rosary. They hand me a bottle of wine and ask "May we see?" "Of course" I respond and take a small swig and demonstrate to them my ability. The crystal clear water turns to a beautiful red wine on its way down into the cup. Immediately they start to bow and I pray. I'm busy being confused when they begin to look up at me with tears in their eyes. "Welcome back, oh holy one."

