Cold darkness followed hard upon a sudden flash of blinding light. It was a palpable darkness, and I could feel it's tenebrous, cloying fingers entwine about my throat; felt it pulling me down and the weight of the air become nigh unbearable. I was drowning, or so it seemed, but how could that be? Last I remembered, I was driving home from my mistress’s apartment, a cozy little love shack on the upper West side. I had just crossed the bridge into Jersey --


No. I hadn't made it all the way across. There was a tractor-trailer that changed lanes without looking, or without seeing me pass to the right.


The sudden realization of my own death struck a gasping fear into my heart. But not as much as the realization that my consciousness had somehow survived. I guess my mother was right.


The frigid cold began to dissipate and a light opened before me. A light. How cliche.  It widened as I approached, and I felt the warmth exuding from it. That warmth turned to heat, unbearable heat. I felt my skin crack at the sudden pulse of agonizing fire bellowed out of the portal and consumed me. I screamed.


The world opened up before my eyes and the vast plain of hell reached out beyond the horizon. Barren save for pillars of fire erupting from chasms in the black stone. I screamed again in horror, reeled back, waiting for some faceless demon to careen down from the sky and fly me off to some pillory to be tortured and maimed for all eternity. My head swum with regret, denial, disbelief. And then I heard him, as though the crack of doom itself.


“What the fuck are YOU doing here?!”


I beheld Satan in all his terrible resplendent horror. I stumbled backwards again, unable to keep any sense in my head.


“Dude, seriously, enough with the screaming! You're totally harshing my buzz.”


I beheld the massive bong he carried in one hand, and what looked like a half-empty bottle of rye in the other. Struck silent by the absurdity of the encounter, I watched him slog the rest of the bottle in a few gulps, dash the bottle against the ground, and then fumble about his person. “You got a light?”


“Are you--”


“Oh, duh,” he snorted and lit his own finger on fire on one of the nearby geysers. He took a massive drag, holding a finger up to stay any questions while he worked. He held his breath for what seemed an eternity, then blew out a wispy cloud of smoke right into my face. “Damn, that's good. Anyway, what are you still doing here? Why didn't you leave with the rest of those,” he snorted back what might have been a tear, “fucking tool bags?”


“I, uh,” I stammered, unsure how to proceed, “I just got here, I guess. What do you mean, everyone left? I thought eternal damnation was--”


“Yeah, great joke from the Big Guy, right?” he said. “Turns out time is just a conceptional framework used to encapsulate experiences into finite chunks of data capable of being rendered by the human brain.”


“What does that mean?”


“It means eternity is in your head, and since you no longer have to think like a human you're free to leave whenever you want to.” He sniffed, head dropped, eyes defeated, and kicked a stone off the edge of the precipice into the gully below. “I mean, why wouldn't you, right?”


The idea wasn't fully computing for me just yet. It made no sense, then, for hell to even exist if all one had to do was will oneself out if it. Eternity in paradise or this place; it was the ultimate no-brainer. But then it hit me.


“So, why are you still here?” I asked.


He stopped pacing for a moment, blinked at me a few times, took another long draw from the fresh bottle of rye. “Well, someone has to deliver the message, right?”


“Could you just, I dunno, put up a sign?”


He motioned as though to say something incredulous, and then recoiled. “Shit,” he said, “hadn't even thought of that. You think they'd let me in?” He offered me the bottle. I decided it would be nice to have a last swig of the hard stuff before heading out.


I shrugged. “Well, everyone else got in.”


“Except Pat Robertson. You try explaining anything scientific to that knob-gobbler and he just gives you this hooked-fish look. He can't get his shit together with the whole time thing.”


Sounded about right to me. “Well, fuck that guy, anyway.”


Satan grinned. “Already did. C’mon, let's blow this place. I know a great pub in heaven. Best bacon cheese burgers in all of existence.”