Patricia stepped through the door and burst into laughter, the back of her hand pressed against her nostrils and her breath coming out in irregular snorts, doubling over in high-pitched hiccups of laughter. The other woman - the person behind the curtain, the other Patricia - smiled uncertainly and chuckled a little back, swaying back and forth on her heels. "This is-" Patricia got out, her breathing coming in wheezes, "this is bullshit. This is - this is the most ridiculous bullshit I've ever - Oh god." She braced her hands on her knees, expelling a gasp. "This is shit. This is - I'm not doing this. Oh god." She straightened up and pushed her hair back from her face. "I'm not playing this game. Send me to hell. Or whatever. I'm done here." 

Saint Peter - at least she figured he was Saint Peter, beard and white robes and standing gatekeeper to heaven - stood impassive, his arms crossed, not letting her pass. "There are truths that must be faced," he intoned. "This is your judgement. There is no escaping it." 

"This is bullshit!" she said, the last vestiges of hilarity leaking out of her like a balloon. God, that was her over there. That nervous, rodent-like smile of an ineffectual who never had anything useful to say. Even now, staying silent. That ragged haircut she'd taken to trimming herself, hacking off chunks of hair when she felt it was starting to weigh down on her. A face that went through the crude routine of lipstick and eyeshadow without even understanding the basics of aesthetics or beauty. Patricia could feel the bile rising in her throat just looking at her. "This isn't a goddamn game," she said. She was cursing so much all of a sudden. Well, one of the benefits of being dead. "You - I can't - This is narcissism. This is - this is emotional masturbation. I'm me! I'm myself! I'm a series of actions, I'm a fucking net drain on the world!" She jabbed her finger at her doppelganger. "That is not a person, that is not another person! You can't wrong yourself, you *are*  yourself! Ugh!" She closed her fists in her hair, feeling the strands cut through her palms. She whirled around to face her double. "Well? What do you have to say?" 

"Um," the other Patricia said, her voice dull and nasally. "Well, I don't - I don't know what's going on here any more than you do -" 

"Oh god," said Patricia, grinding her palms into her ears. "Shut up shut up shut up. God. Do I sound like that? Jesus Christ." She shuddered. "That's awful. Don't make me - don't make me listen to my own voice. That's terrible. That's -" She rocked her head back and forth, trying to lodge the meat of her palms into her ear canals. "I can't do this. I can't do this! It's over. I failed. Fuck it. Let's go." 

But Saint Peter was gone. And the door was gone with him. It was just Patricia and Patricia, in a room twenty feet square. "Oh no no no," said Patrica, feeling against the walls. "Oh fuck." She turned to face herself and started to laugh again, laughter fading into half-tuned sobs. "I failed it, didn't I? I got what I wanted." She pressed her back against the wall, slowly sinking down. "This is hell. This is hell, isn't it? That - yeah, that makes sense. You go to hell and the only thing left there is you get to spend an eternity with yourself." She stretched her fingers out along the curve of her skull, pressing down hard. "Oh god," she breathed. "I just wanted to not exist anymore. Was that so bad? Was that so impossible?" She looked up teary-eyed at herself, still standing there, like a moron. 

Her other self shifted, cleared her throat. "Um, I think-" she started to say, and Patricia screamed "SHUT UP! SHUT UP!" jamming her hands into her ears again. "Don't fucking talk! Oh god, I hate you! I hate the sound of you!" Her other self startled back, and fell silent. The sound echoed, whispered, pattered through the room. "Let's be-" Patricia said, making her voice gentle, conciliatory. "Let's be quiet, okay? Let's live with ourselves." She closed her eyes. "Shh shh shh shh shh." Just the breath. Just the sound in the back of her throat. No voice. No need to make anyone else suffer. 

*This is what everyone must go through*, she told herself, through the quiet, in her head. You can disappoint your parents, you can sucker people into a series of meaningless relationships because you're afraid to be alone. You can make people think they're your friend, you can get them to trust you, and then you can let them down. You can be a worthless waste of life who systematically makes things worse for all the normal happy people you come into contact with. But only you can hurt yourself like this. Only you can damn yourself to hell. Everyone walking through their door and finding themselves waiting for them. *What did normal people do*, Patricia wondered. Was it touching? Was it heartwarming? Did they learn to love themselves? Patricia tasted vomit in the back of her throat just thinking about it. She hoped they were happy. She hoped that heaven made sense for other people. She hoped that -

A shoe slammed into her face, busting open her lip, and she tasted blood and gravel, felt something scrape hard against her teeth, her jaw, the front of her skull. The back of her head was driven against the wall and she heard something crack. Her head collapsed against the floor, her mouth open and leaking, and a foot hit her in her stomach, in her kidneys. She realized she was screaming, a strangled squeaking sound coming through spit and blood. Her other self was screaming too, words this time, "Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!" Dimly, Patricia thought she didn't sound as bad when she was screaming. 

"You piece of shit!" her other self said, dissolving into jagged sobs. "You treated me like shit our whole life!" Another kick in the gut. Patricia curled up instinctively, and the foot popped loose some of the buttons in her spine. She'd pissed herself. She was choking on something. "And even now you don't have the fucking decency to listen to me! To just-!" There was a weight on her. There were fingers clawing out her eyes. There were fingers around her throat. "I hate you!" It was a scream, it was a whine, it was a drawn-out sob squeaking at the back of her throat. "Hate you! I hate you!" 

Patrica opened her eyes to see light fading into black, tried to breath and couldn't. *Thank god*, she thought, as the hands tightened around her throat, choking the life out of her. *Thank god, thank god, thank god. At least she gets to let it out*, was the last thought swirling through her mind. *At least I get what I deserve.* 