^(Late to the party here, but whatever I had to write this down to get it out of my head)

I'm falling.

Or at least I think I am, I can't exactly fell the wind rushing past my face like I expected, not to mention the fact that-

\*crunch*

Ow. Scratch that, I was falling. Now I'm just aching.

Still, I seem to be in one piece at least. I gingerly pick myself up off the ground and examine my surroundings. Or the lack thereof I suppose. Everything around me is pitch black, even the floor below me. But it isn't dark, I can see my own hand when I hold it in front of me, I'm just surrounded by-

"The void." a voice suddenly echoes from behind me

I spin around holding my arms up in a defensive pose.

"Sorry, didn't mean to scare you!" says the man standing before me. How did he manage to sneak up on me like that?

"The name's Death" says the man, taking a half step forward and offering a hand.

I stare at his hand for a long second, before looking up to examine the man attached to it. "Death" appears to be in his early fifties. He wears a comfortable-looking pair of jeans and a black button-up shirt, tucked into the jeans. His face is somewhat round, with a short beard and a big, genuine smile.

He was tall too, and a bit on the heavy side, based on the edges of his tucked shirt. Finally, I opened my mouth and asked:

"Death? But-"

"Wait, don't tell me. You were expecting a really tall guy, flowy black robes, big ol' scythe, no skin? Yeah, that was the last guy who had this job. I had to take over when he beat me in a game of cards. Took my damn name too..." 

Death scowls for a moment, before looking at me and assuming his earlier smile.

"Sorry, bad memories. Anyway, where was I... Right! You died."

Death must have seen the look on my face, because he catches himself and says

"Sorry, wrong speech, old habits and all that, you actually haven't died. But you will, soon. That's why I brought you here. You see, Michael, fate has dealt you a bad hand. You know what I'm talking about right? Life just seems to knock you down at every turn? Each time you take a chance it seems to back fire even worse than you expected? That kind of thing? Yeah, you get it. Well, I'm sick of that kind of thing happening to people for no reason. I can't do much about it in life, but when your story is about to come to it's close I can meddle a little bit. I can't keep you from dying, or even tell you how it's going to happen, sorry about that by the way, but I can give you a "gift" of sorts so you can make the most of what you've got left. It's my little "fuck you" to the higher-ups."

"Wait, so I'm going to die soon!? When? How?"

"Like I said, I can't tell you that. Literally can't, magic contract and all that, long story short my mouth will glue itself closed if I try. I'm still finding bits of it from last time. Like I was saying though, I can offer you a gift. A couple actually. 

First: I've shut fate out of the equation. She won't be able to interfere anymore, so you determine your own fate from now on.

Secondly, I've brought you here."

Death makes a wide gesture to one side with his arm, as I follow it I see a grand wooden structure standing just a few yards ahead of us.

"The library of death!" he shouts

"Follow me, I'll explain"

I do so, my jaw dropping as we step through the double wooden doors. The grand library stretches out ahead of us for what must be miles. Each shelf stands twice as tall as me and is filled with bound leather books of varying sizes. Some are as thick as my head and some, I note, seem to be little more than a single page sandwiched between the oversized leather covers.

"As Death, I have two main jobs" Death explains

"Reaper of souls is the one most people talk about, but I also maintain this library, this is where the story of every man, woman, and child are stored for eternity. If something significant happens to you, you can be certain it will show up in your book."

As he speaks, he reaches out and pulls a book off the nearest shelf, seemingly at random

"This one is yours" he says, handing it to me

"While you're here, no time passes in your world. I'll let you stay here for... lets say a year, and then you'll return to your own world exactly when you left off. If you want to leave before then, just come get me and I'll send you home. You'll know how to find me when it's time."

With that, he begins to walk away. Leaving me staring at my entire life's history up to this moment.

"Feel free to look through any story you like. I just gave you your own to use as a starting point" Death calls over his shoulder before disappearing into the maze of shelves.

I stand a moment longer before lowing myself and the heavy tome to the ground, and start thumbing through the pages. My tome isn't the largest by far, since I'm still only in high school, but it's still not light enough to look through while holding with one hand. Everything is just as Death explained. The book (simply titled "Life of Michael Dunnings: 2000-Present") is a detailed description of everything in my life up to now (well, not right now, peaking at the end reveals the last thing listed is "Michael goes to sleep for the night, 4th of December, 2017 at 1:36 AM" I guess the books can't account for things that occur in the void.

I decide to go back to the beginning. "On the 6th of February, 2000 at 4:03 AM, Michael was born to Martha Dunnings^^1 (Mother) and Samuel Dunnings^^2 (Father)"

Interesting, it looks like the books have footnotes! I look down and see the (rather large) block of text at the bottom of the page, starting with "1. See "Life of Martha Dunnings: 1977-Present", Chapter: Michael. 2. See "Life of Samuel Dunnings: 1977-2015...

Ouch, that one still stung a bit. I made a mental note to ask Death about him when I was finished here. I decided to check out mom's story instead. I stood up to look for some sort of guide, but I caught her story out of the corner of my eye, sitting on the shelf next to me. I thought back to when death seemed to pull my book out of the shelf without out even looking, and decided to test something. I quickly flipped through my book, getting to my middle school years, and picked a name from the footnotes at random: "Kyle Trent: 2001-Present". He was my best friend until he moved away at the end of middle school. I looked to the shelf next to me and immediately picked his name out of the nearby books. Jackpot.

.

.

.

 I've been in the library for nearly a week now, according to my watch. My book, as well as a dozen others sit sprawled out in the intersection next to the bookshelf I started at. After thumbing through my early life for a while I decided to focus on my high-school years. I jumped even further ahead yesterday and had been looking at events from just a few weeks ago. I now stared down at one name

Olivia Brooks. It had taken me a moment to even recognize the name. My book only dedicated about a sentence to her. "Met Olivia Brooks^^6 . Thoughts: Kind of cute, seems shy." I smiled when I finally remembered her. She was transferred to my Science class mid-year, and I bumped into her after class that day. She had been kind of cute. Cute enough for me to wonder what she had thought of me. But when I hunted down the little 6 at the bottom of my page I let out the vocal equivalent of a lone question mark. 6. See: "Olivia Brooks: 2001-Present", Chapter: Michael

Weird, even my closest friends didn't have a whole chapter dedicated to me. My parents each had one for me, and the had one dedicated to each other. But for the most part the books just read linearly, with a chapter dedicated to each year of a person's life... I quickly angled my arm behind me, grabbing at the nearest book on the shelf, when I pulled it back it held her name, as expected. I threw it open somewhere in the middle, and saw my name at the top of the page, indicating the beginning of my chapter.

.

.

.

A Day later I had finished reading my chapter. I stuck to my own chapter for the most part, I already felt creepy digging into her private thoughts in this way. But I had still seen enough. Every thought she had had for me, starting with her first glance at me at the beginning of the school year, long before I knew she even existed. I saw how nervous she was when she realized she would be transferred to the same class as me, and how embarrassed she was when she felt like she had messed up our first (and only) conversation.

I finally made my decision. Standing up and shoving the books I had removed back onto the shelf. I wandered aimlessly through the maze of shelves until I came upon death. He sat in a chair behind a semi-circular desk, staring at a computer monitor. There was a sign hanging above him that said "Checkout".

"Death, I'm ready to go back." I said

Death leaned back to look at me, and removed a pair of reading glasses.

"So soon Michael?" He said with a knowing glance. He gave me the same smile he had when we first spoke.

"Yeah, I know what I need to do."

"Alright. I'll see you again soon." He said, frowning for the first time since I'd met him.

"I know, It's okay."

"Very well, goodbye Michael"

"Goodbye Death... Wait! I wanted to ask you about my-"

I shoot up straight, looking around the familiar surroundings of my room.

"-dad."

Oh well, I'll ask him when I see him next I guess. For now I need to get ready for school. There's someone I need to talk to.