She’s tied me up. In the grand scheme of things, it’s actually quite a good effort. I reckon she was either a scout or a dominatrix. Or both. Maybe a sailor! 

I’m getting distracted. 

The dirt I’m lying on is moist. Not wet enough to be muddy, but not dry enough to be dusty. If I had to lie on the floor again, this would be the dirt I would choose, you get me? I’m sure in a dry cleaner’s point of view dusty dirt is probably better, but I’m not a dry cleaner. Actually maybe a dry cleaner would like this dirt. More business for them. They probably love dirt, the dirty men. Filthy dry cleaners.

Sorry, off topic again. 

She hasn’t blindfolded me which leads me to believe that she’s probably not a dominatrix. She’s also clearly not a very good serial killer. I know exactly where I am. It’s a slight unfair advantage as I know this particular area rather intimately, but rookie move on her part for taking her kill to another killer’s killing spot. I will be *very* upset if she starts moving my things around. In fact, this might actually be my rope. That’s just rude. 

She wasn’t even fun about the whole thing. That’s my problem. She drugged me. How dull. Slow clap for the pharmacist. Wow, she seduced me. How original. At least I add a flare to my murders. Sometimes I’m a scientist doing a study on the local bird population and require assistance climbing this big tree. Other times I’m a homeless man looking for love. Never play the same card twice. Keeps it interesting for everyone involved. 

But yes, she seduced me. I was already pretty drunk so she didn’t even buy me any drinks. No grunt work. As I said, it’s disrespectful. She slipped her fun little pill inside my half finished drink and just waited fifteen minutes before walking me to her van. 

That’s another thing. A white van! How cliche can you get. She may as well have been wearing a scary mask and carrying a shovel. Absolute amateur hour. 

Now I know what you’re thinking. If she’s so cliche, why am I here? Well, let’s be honest, cliches exist because they’re effective. Drugging and vanning is pretty cut and dry, little opportunity for error. I’m not upset that it happened, it’s only appropriate that I get killed this way. I just hoped it would be something slightly more exciting. 

Or maybe that’s the universe’s little joke? I put so much heart and passion into my murders that the only appropriate way to ice me would be in the dullest, most tropic way they could. It’s poetic. My fatal floor is showmanship - it draws me in, going bigger and bigger so just when you think I can’t go any higher, boom, struck down by the storybook killer. A perfect third act. Glorious. 

I almost want to die now. I’ve convinced myself that this is the way to go. I mean, I won’t. I’ve already ordered my morph suit for my next performance and I can’t let that go to waste. But if I didn’t already have plans, then maybe, just maybe, I would let this lady kill me in the undoubtedly sloppy fashion she intends.

In fact, it all depends on whatever she walks in with next. Whilst hogtied, she’s already given me the inspiring lines of ‘You’re in for a world of pain’ and ‘Your number’s up’, so really all is to play for here. I was half surprised she didn’t really hammer it home and put an apple in my mouth. But I promise you, if she does it, if you walks in with some shit like shears or a scythe of something I might just piss into the wind and forget about my amazon order and fucking die. If she really commits to her character of every 90’s movie villain ever that far, then I’m letting her do it. 

I’m almost excited. Her blase attitude towards originality is enticing. 

I wonder if she knows who I am. I wonder if she knows that I’ve buried at least three people about ten foot to my left. This area is basically a second home at this point. My psyche's holiday home. This is where I come to really be *me.* It’s relaxing. Butchering a stranger surrounded by nature, breathing in the refreshing scent of copper and fresh soil. Delightful.  

I can lose myself in it at times. That’s why I do the elaborate killings. Add some theatre to my hobby, really utilise my degree. I toyed with the idea of installing professional lighting on the trees. I decided against it due to a funding issue, but I considered it to the point of measuring how much cabling I would need to connect them all the way to the BnB a few miles away. 

You just need to enjoy your hobbies, you know. Otherwise life gets boring, you stagnate and get sad. And you don’t want to be sad. That’s no fun at all. 

Oh shit I can hear her footsteps. I think she’s walking deliberately slowly, she’s trying to build suspense. This is hilarious. But you know what, she’s enjoying herself. And as I just said, at the end of the day that’s all that matters.

Here she comes, I can see her comically petit shadow. 

Oh my God! She brought her own lighting, that’s why I can see her shadow. She actually did it, she set up lights. Ah, this is spectacular.

She’s looking around for something. I can see her shadow fumbling around inside her coat. I wonder what she’s going to bring out. Come on. You can do it girl. Dazzle me. 

She appears to find what she was looking for as the fumbling stops. She takes a breath before dramatically brandishing her weapon above her head. 

What is it? 

Oh my. It can’t be. It’s a hook. A giant hook. 

Fuck it, I’m letting her kill me, this is a masterpiece.  