You know that feeling? The one that jolts you, forces you awake after a bad dream? That's what *death* is like. Imagine getting body slammed, catching a Mike Tyson left hook - a knockout blow that smacks your brain against the inner wall of your skull. It's an impact hard enough to cause your cerebral fluid to foam. In life, a blow like that would put you to sleep. But in this case, in death -  you wake up. Only you haven't awaken, you've *died*. Even in death, it took some time to wrap what's left of my head around the sensation - that dying is like the shock, the impact that wakes you from a bad dream. 

I'm sure you can imagine how disorienting the initial shock of death can be. In those first moments after, I found myself feeling all wrecked and bewildered. 

*Jesus... fuck* 

My thoughts echoing through the caverns cracked in my skull - causing my mind to race... 

*Get a hold of yourself. That was a pretty bad crash. Take a deep breath and open your eyes. You're probably stuck, you need to climb out of here before this thing blo...*

"Pretty fucking gnarly, isn't it dude?" A nasally, almost adolescent sounding male voice interrupts my panic. Instantly, my brain stops racing as he keeps talking...
"Everyone freaks out, it's apart of the ride man. But seriously, chill out. I haven't been this stressed out about dying in like 30 fucking years dude," He pauses and lets out a sigh, "It's cool, you can open your eyes man."

Slowly, I do what he says. It takes a moment to adjust to my new surroundings. Sitting, rather uncomfortably, I find myself in what appeared to be a *Vaudevillian* style theater. 

On the ground floor, in the middle of the auditorium, my seat was cushioned in a deep blood red, the balcony above me was painted white with golden accents. On both sides of the theater, on the second floor - there were stationed isolated balcony seating, which I imagined were accommodations for whatever aristocrats that were in attendance who would require separate seating from the riff raff. These balcony seats were draped with black velvet curtains, adorned with sparkling golden tassels. 

In the front of the theater, there were massive lavender curtains that ran from the floor to the ceiling. These curtains were also decorated with golden tassels. They appeared to be hiding what would ultimately be a screen for film projections. 

*This is a fucking movie theater*

Turning to my left, I got my first look at what would inevitably be my newest, but longest known companion. Average height, about 5'9", a young man with ear length curly black hair sat next to me. He was wearing a sleeveless black shirt and blue jeans. He looked dirty. 

"Where the fuck am I?" My first words in my new home were full of indignation. 
"Ahhh, finally. He speaks," with a coy smile he adds, "the attitude isn't necessary though man." 

"Tell me where the fuck I am!" rattled and yelling in his face, I grab his shirt and yank him closer to me, I could feel what was left of my face start to slip away from my mouth.

"Dude, chill out before your fucking face falls off, you're fucking dead man." 

"I'm dead?"

"Yeah man, you're fucking dead. Fucking let me go dude," as I released my grip from his shirt, I pushed him back into his seat, "fuck dude, chill out - it's not my fault you tried to cut those two cars off around that basically 120 degree bend going fucking 100 miles per hour. You're the idiot here. Not me," his tone was pure adolescent angst.  
"How'd you know that?" shocked, it took a moment for me to form my question.
"We saw it, on the screen," I was pretty annoyed by the rather matter of fact inflection in his voice, "what the fuck do you mean '*we*'?"
"Well, it's kinda complicated man," hesitation in his voice, he continued, "our other incarnation, Mabel. She watched it with me, she's gone now though." He could see the puzzlement on my face and before I could ask, he told me... 

"Alright dude, relax. This is basically *hell*. Well, not really hell. But kinda. We're both dead. You died in that fucking blazing inferno trying to be Steve McQueen and I overdosed five years before you were born. We're fucking **dead** man." 

"What do you have anything to do with me?" annoyed, I wanted him to get to the point, "tell me what the fuck this place is and what the fuck is going on or I'm leaving." 
"Well, you can't really leave, so you might as well relax", he let out a sigh, "Alright man, just listen. I'm you. And you're me. We share the same soul. Don't ask me why were both here at the same time, because I can't answer that. The only thing I know is, were the same person." 

"You're fucking crazy aren't you?" *he's out of his fucking mind*, "tell me where I am or I start punching holes in your face." 

"Dude," he let out another sigh, for a young man he had the temperament of a detective who's just seen entirely too much shit.

"I know everything about you. Joseph David Allen. Born April 17th, 1986. Dad, Arthur Allen. Mom, Lucy Allen. You grew up in Seattle. Went to the University of Washington. Failed out - you fucking partied a lot man," he laughs, "but luckily, you ended up getting a job working with your girlfriend's dad at his insurance company. You do alright, live kinda like a yuppie. I think you guys called them *'hipsters'*, in my world they were coffee sipping yuppies. Anyway, you died driving like a fucking maniac drunk on Johnny Walker Black". 
I couldn't believe my fucking ears, "holy shit."

"Yeah, dude. You're dead." 
"What about you?"
"Ah man, I lived kinda hard, ya'know? Grew up on the streets. Got into heroin."

"What about Mabel?"

"Her story is kinda sad man. She was like a 40's bombshell, red hair. Kinda hot," he pauses... "anyway, her husband was like a pilot in the big one, WW2. He got shot down somewhere over France. Never came home. She was fucking grief stricken. One night she slit her wrists in the bath."

"Damn." 

"Yeah, man. I always knew I had suicidal tendencies..." 
I gave him a look, because I couldn't help but wonder if he realized what he just said. 

"What?" He noticed. 
"What's your story? What's your name?"

"My name's Grady. I grew up in OC. I died in '81. Shit was pretty heavy back then man. Fast cars, rich girls. I lost my sense, I lost control... I lost my mind dude," it was kinda hard to believe this little punk piece of shit was me, I figured now would be the best time to change to subject.  

"Explain this to me, this doesn't make sense", taking another deep breath as if preparing to give a long orated dissertation, he started slowly, "So, Mabel's been here the longest. When she died, I went in and you were here," he was very deliberate with his words, "so, now you're dead and it's her turn to live". Still confused by the structure of this, I pressed him, "okay, but how does any of this make sense? How is there more than one of us attached to one soul?"

"I can't tell you that man, all I know is, that karma shit that like fucking Ho Chi Minh was talking about? That shits real dude," he continued, "apparently, at one point there were twelve of us. After one pays off their karma shit and dies, they're gone for good. And another one goes in. We're almost done dude, there's only three of us left." 
"So what now?"
"We wait. We can't tell how long it is between lives, but once a new life starts, the curtains open up and we get to watch," he started to chuckle, "speaking of... we saw you do some weird shit man," feeling embarrassed, I asked, "you're talking about..."
"Yeah man, we saw it all," letting out a gentle laugh, he slapped me on the shoulder, "get ready, 'cus were about to see some weird shit." 

Just then, the curtains began to draw back slowly... The screen illuminated with bright white light and we heard what sounded like a baby's cry and then a voice, "It's a girl!" 