Too extraordinary that it almost felt real. Other people get books, socks or digital paraphernalia in their birthdays, but I receive this letter. Every year. Sent from an anonymous sender. The first one read “see you in 35 years” after I was born, whose numbers diminished as the years passed by, and now it says, “see you tomorrow”. By the time marched towards to date, everything got curiouser and curiouser. Who is this mystery person?

Door knocked. Full of insatiable curiosity and excitement blended with healthy dose of fear, I have cautiously opened it. Nothing seems to be extraordinary, there is only this plumber guy. \`Nice to meet you”, he greets with a broad smile, with an Eastern European accent. Before I even react, he rushed in. “Where are the leaking pipes?”

Hardly managing to keep my mouth functioning, I asked “Excuse me, are you really the one who has been sending me the letters in last 35 years?” He replies with a normal face, so normal makes you want to punch it. “That is just a compliment, sort of reminder about our services, institutional letter so to speak, do not take it personally, we sent it everyone." "But why?" I asked at the height of my shock. "After their parents registered them, of course, we start sending reminders.” I cried: “My parents registered for me for what?”

“For free plumbing services, when you reach 35. Everyone needs a good plumber around your age. Who can argue with that? Now, would you please tell me where the defected pipes are?” He gets a bit bored seemingly.

“No leaky pipes, for the love of God” My disappointment is so extreme, you can even taste it. “Are you sure sir? Our services are non-refundable, I might arrange you an extra slot though.” I hardly responded. “No.. Need..” He flips a notebook, tears a page off “Sorry for bothering you, here you are.”

It read “See you in 35 years”. He smiled me again: “Who would not need a good plumber when you are 70 years old?” Packs his stuff quickly, and leaves the house.

And now, I really need to sit down.