I hear a faint crackling sound, I'm still at work talking to a colleague.. No these are just hypnopomic hallucinations; I'm dreaming, Dreaming of my day to day routine. 
"How creative" I think to my self as I let my mind wander back into the dream. I hear the crack again, still groggy a not forms in my chest and the thought of some one breaking into my apartment comes rushing over me. I open my tired eyes and sit up, propped up with an arm underneath me. Its dark but there is a dark object at the foot of my bed; Sort of like if one were to look at a pane of glass from the side, the light traveling through it refracts towards you letting you see into but not through the glass. As I rub my eyes trying to watch this I see to my horror a hand grabs on to it from the inside and prys it wider whilst another darts out reaching for me. I try to spring out of my bed shouting but I feel it grip on to my leg. I kick but it pulls. Despite my efforts I'm hopelessly dragged into the shadows and begin to fall.  Still kicking and scratching at the hand around my ankle the well that I'm falling down gradually becomes illuminated. I see the figure that has latched it self to me, A large man, limbs slightly aloft from the decent, falling feet first looking further down this never ending well, almost watching, waiting to find something. I feel the tears from the corners of my eyes being dragged up my face from the wind as I desperately claw at the walls flying past, taking the skin from my finger tips with them. 

Almost a minute passes and I see a light appear from below followed by a bone chilling draft that almost slows our decent. We are flung out of this well and crash onto the side of a mountain peak.  I plunge through the powder, bounce and I begin tumbling down the side of the slope until I'm met with a drop. Trying to orientate my self in the air amongst all the snow was hopeless until through the flakes I watch as I'm hurled towards a crevasse at the bottom of the cliff. I hit the lip and am flung to the ice wall where I eventually land on a small ledge. In shock my naked body is shaking. Moments ago I was in my apartment sweating from the summer heat and a broken AC unit, Now laying motionless on a slab of ice with a view of freezing water barreling through the bottom of this crevasse some 30 meters below. I don't dare move and risk another decent off this precipitous drop. My left arm feels broken, but it doesn't hurt as bad as my bleeding fingers with nails that are either at odd angles or missing all together. I close my eyes waiting to wake up.

A drift of snow from above falls on me,
"How could I feel any colder?" I mutter as the fresh snow sends another chill up my spine. I look up to the opening, The thing that brought me here was looming, looking down on upon me from the edge. It was huge, at least 7 feet tall, Looked like a man though under his brow beneath the flowing hair that was draped in front of his face I could only see slight depressions where a mans eyes would be. He wore a thick long and shaggy pelt over his shoulders that came down his bare tattooed chest as well as slacks. He disappeared behind the ledge and a hand pried open another mirror like portal right before me. Once again I'm in the grasp of this creature, this time too wounded to fight back I just sink my open fingers into the powerful arm that pulled me in. Inside is different this time, I see hallucinogenic lights and scenes pass by. I'm cradled in the arms of this man as we come out into a penthouse room with view over a city I've never seen before. I'm set down in front of the window, He tosses the pelt from his shoulders onto a nearby couch and turns back to me opening his mouth which stretched strands of dark mucus between his lips as he says in a clear accent.
"You're going to help me settle a bet."

