I know this is like super late but whatever, I'm still posting it. Also, sorry for any weird spelling errors, I'm on mobile.


---(_____)---

Long ago, when the world was young, the Great Races emerged from their planets, traveling from world to world in leaky ships propelled by powerful spells. They conquered the races unblessed by Magic, huddling in their primitive villages, and established four Empires spanning the stars. Their dominions spanned distances unimaginable, so vast that light itself trailed behind their slowest transports. Over time their power grew, their ships less leaky, their propulsion spells more speedy, and their people less hungry, and the Empires turned away from matters of pure survival.

They took to building ever-larger cities, vast metropoles which could house nearly a million citizens. Brave adventurers went forth into the Galaxy, finding new peoples to conquer and new planets to settle. They even found another species which had discovered magic, and formed relations with this new Empire. 

Now, 4000 years after the rise of the Great Empires, the world, things were going good. The people were happier than ever, and some of the Lower Races were discovering how to wield Magic, and barely anyone was starving. The great armies contended not for territory or empire, but for so sport, and everyone agreed that they were the most powerful assemblies ever to exist. Nothing could stand before the Alliance of Empires.


Then, on the outskirts of known space, a team of explorers scouting a garden world found it already inhabited. This did not necessarily surprise them, primitive species were often found on such worlds, and were brought under the Alliance's wings. The explorers sent their three Great Mages down. As they watched from the heavens, a larger building of the village, perhaps a storehouse or a leader's home, collapsed in a flash of light, and then the fighting ceased. “A quick victory!” they thought and cheered at the idea of the stories of valor and danger they could tell the barmaids back home. The Mages never returned.


ItWithout them, the scouting chip could go nowhere. They were trapped. In a matter of hours the air would become too thin to breath, and then they would all die. It was a harrowing thought, made worse by their less-than-sober state, and the explorers made last pleas to their gods. 


Then they heard a bump near the sealed door. What could that possibly be? They rushed towards the sound and watched awestruck as the iron walls of the ship began to glow, a line of melted slag forming a lazy circle around the door.  What magic could burn through a foot of iron plate? They decided to play it safe, and gathered their finest swords and shields, and their strongest potions doubtful that they would be of any help against whatever had killed their mages. 


They adopted a semicircular formation around the now nearly destroyed door, and watched with bated breath as it clanged to the floor. There was a rush of air as the two chambers mixed, and something stepped out of the hole.


It was a man, or that's what it looked like to the explorers. He was clearly the Mage who had cut a gaping hole in their ship, wearing the ceremonial time found to be highly effective at channeling magic. He d flanked by two other armored men, one holding some sort of bulky tool which emitted steam from one end, and the other held an short staff of some kind, though the way he held it was odd, at an angle across his chest.


The Mage pulled out a metal box, and as he spoke, it echoed his words in Gur, the primary language spoken by the explorers:


“So, you're the bastards who brought down our port. I assume the one in the back there is the leader of you barbaric troop?”


“Ye-Yes,” Captain Varnik responded softly “I am the Captain of this expedition.”


”So you ordered the attack on our colony?”


“Yes, I did, why? Whose colony is that?”


“Let me tell you something, Captain. My wife was in that port when your… what are they, wizards, attacked. So was Claudius'.” At this the Mage gestured to the soldier with the strange tool, “We, as well as a vast number of people on the ground, are rather angry at you for attacking our families. Unless you can offer a great reason not to, we fully intend to extract out revenge for the 32 colonists that you killed.”


“You will have the full wrath of the entire Alliance's great armies!” Varnik stammered out. This was a slight bending of the truth, but the Captain did not want to face this Clearly powerful Mage's revenge.


“And what, they're all armed like you are? I don't think that will be much of a problem, do you agree, Claudius?” 


“I very much do, Marcus,” the soldier responded.


“Well then. You bastards seem like really great guys, I'm sure, but we really must be going. Claudius, if you'll take the honor.”


“With pleasure,” the man said, and then the world went insane.


Bright fire leapt from the soldier's staff and the other man's tool, cutting down the Captain's men like Merk set for slaughter. The captain had barely drawn his sword when how realized that all his men were on the floor, either dead or dieing. He, however, was not. He was still confused when he heard the Mage, who hasn't even participated in the slaughter, speak:


“Well, Captain, today most be your lucky day, brazier you get to be the messenger! We talked where you hyperdrived in from, and, as luck would have it, it's in range of one of our portable drives. So tell your people that the Republic, in order to defend it's open borders, must regrettably declare war on them, whiners whoever the are.” 

The Mage pulled something from his house, and Varnik heard a whining noise, and then he heard a thump as his paralyzed body hit the floor.







