"The feeble mind of humans would never be able to understand the vastness of eternity, my friend. I just hope yours were more than the rest..."

I watched hopelessly as the robed figure charged its way through the blasted battlefield, with its claws ripped through the lives of the fallen. I had fell, along with all other ten of our *contubernium*. Our shields fell by our sides, as the swift arrows pierced clean through our armor like a knife through morning bread. They were all lucky, *Elysium* welcomed them with only a swift moment of pain. They were. I was not.

I was so foolish that I had not welcome the gift of being released. That moment I grabbed firmly to the robe of the figure, thrust my *gladius* over its abdomen, that I realized my greatest mistake... It was Death, *Charon* on his mission of ferrying the people across the border between worlds. And I had defied his sacred task, by simply refused the gift.

"Your bloodline will suffer for your defiance of the Wheel of the Living, Servius... The Sins of the Fathers..."

A series of stone bullets and arrows slammed at me hard on the back of my armor and helmet. In mere moment, I fell, again... The scorching sun burned me hard from the back, as the world around me closed under a blackened blanket.

\*\*\*

It was a miracle that I survived Carrhae. Or at least that's what the other Romans said. I knew from deep down inside it was no miracle. It. Was. A. Curse. Not only for me, but for my entire bloodline to come.

It was and will always be a son. At the few first generations, I did not realize it. The father, either. Until the moment we wised up enough to realize, it was just too late. For we all carry the memories of the progenitor. And move on with the flow of time, and our cursed bloodline.

At first, we tried to stave off the process through chastity. It never works. Even castration would not make it stop. The memory will just pop up somewhere, even generations apart, on some very distant relatives. It manifests as if anything related to the man Servius, no matter how distant it is, could be the new continuum. And to further mock at the tragedy - it manifests the curse where I exist could be anyone, at anytime, and I could never be sure where the next would be.

Anyone.

Even you.

\*\*\*

*Sorry if some of the language use is not good. English is not my mother tongue. FYI.*