*"Man, some of these girls can't possibly single."* A lone index finger swiping left and right on a phone screen in rhythm with the rustle of a bag and the grinding of chips.

Hiding your identity in a hero villain world was something that just seemed to be the most obvious decision to make once everybody started developing their powers. A family of four surely doesn't want to know their father was coined as Diarhanus after his last caped and hooded fiasco to mug people at festival porta potties; while they were more than occupied to say the least, and how else would the gameshow, "Guess your spouses identity!" exist otherwise. I always thought it was silly to hide my identity but at the same time I didn't want to be the only one without a cool mask.

A man sculpted from muscle precariously kicks open a house's front door carrying two large heavy looking metal boxes branded with GHG. As he moves effortlessly through several large appliances follow suit. An oven, fridge, freezer, television, and might as well of brought an entire house. Gently releasing his support from the boxes they levitate an inch from the floor. After a quick walk around the once empty house the entire house gently shakes as everything simultaneously reaffirms gravity. 

"You can come in now!" he bellows out the front door. 

A much smaller lady in comparison to the man enters the house with eyes in amazement at what just happened.

"I knew you could control gravity but you can lift that much!" she exclaims with a tone of joy.

"Well I've never really needed lift so much in front of you."

A sigh of relief leaves her lungs as she flops onto her couch. The two large boxes blocking her view of the TV.

"This is the stuff you said I couldn't look at, do you want it moving anywhere?" He questions at her as she lays with her head tilted to the ceiling.

"Oh can you put them in our room please! Thanks sweetie." She excitedly responds. "I did wonder why you said don't put anything in boxes but I'm still shocked how strong you are even after all these years!" she continued but then her expression falling flat into glaring eyes, "I hope you're not Zero." she says accusingly, seconds later relaxing into a smile again giggling at herself.

"Heh..." sarcastically gestured in return.

Most abilities or quirks were eventually bread out. Quite literally the ability to make bread only exists in the less fortunate parts of the Earth nowadays. The populace began siding towards the more powerful abilities or those that benefited society as a whole. That's the surface of it anyway since the Global Hero Government began regulating powers to maintain peace. The underneath, well, I suppose you could say the ability to make poisoned bread has been a trendy issue for GHG lately. 

My daily routine was interrupted today. As I woke up in the middle of the night to go to the toilet, forgetting where it was in my new very dark forgotten house layout. There were simpler options I could've chosen to solve this issue that wouldn't involve regret, but instead I chose to vibrate the upper floor of our house until I heard the toilet seat. Natasha wasn't too happy about it and kept me awake. Pulling myself out of bed this morning was a hassle but I had to continue my working facade. It was always nice seeing Natasha at work anyway, it's nice that we get to work together like this. 

The sculpted figure donning an outfit which defeats the purpose of all his exercise. As his arms began flailing in the strong winds. A stomach that would wobble if it was not so tightly bound with tight leather. Unable to discern where his legs ended and his back began he flies over the city as attempts to follow him in helicopters are in vain. As news readers interrupt programs to read out his latest scheme that he so politely gave them. He knows the TV in his new house has just been turned off.

Todays plan was to give Natasha a bit of an exercise. After all she is the only hero that can defeat me. I hear her approaching in the distance. The sound of electricity despite me hearing it thousands of times before is always so distinct.

"You really don't give up do you?" She shouts from atop the tallest mountain of rubbish.

"I won't give up until I defeat you and conquer the world!" Zero shouts proudly making sure news stations can hear him.

"I've finally figured out a way to make your power useless! After I beat you I will have no equal!" As mountains of metallic objects surround Zero's body. 

"We'll see" she shouts at the hair on her arms pricks upwards.

The sound of hailstone slamming against a tin roof begins filling the quiet air. Continuously building. Louder, and louder, to where you could feel the air trembling around your heart. The broadcasts muting their audio as they know what is coming. While donning their ear shields. Another hero arriving parting the air around her. An enormous bolt of electricity is fired at the now floating trash pile. News casters watch on as their electrical equipment has been drained.

"Aha! You have been foiled!" Zero boasts theatrically.

"This Faraday cage I have created makes me immune to your electricity! You can no longer hurt me!" proudly shouted as a toasted hurtles towards Electrigal knocking her down the pile of trash as gracefully as one does falling into a mound of garbage. 

"It's not over!" Standing upright and regaining her balance in the loose footing that a tin of vaseline couple with a few bottles and a undoubtedly missed credit card.

The pattering of ice and tin begins again. But this time a long bolt of electricity is whirling its way around Electrigals torso much like a snake coiled around its prey. As her entire torso begins to glow the electricity begins unthreading like a woollen shirt. A massive arc of electrical current twitching against Zero's cage starts to melt his makeshift barrier. As molten metal begins dripping from the sky Zero's face is unveiled from his trashy style to reveal a shocked expression. As sweat makes his way to his chin a last effort is made as he begins piling as more waste in front of the beam to no avail. 

"You won't have your way with me! Not again!" Zero's eyes begin quivering.

"I don't want to lose again!" As his face scrunches up and closing his eyes.

This is where I made my irreversible mistake. Looking back on it at least I trained her well, but I shouldn't of closed my eyes. At least she was finally able to use both hands. 

As his shield dissipated an unexpected shock occurred. A weak bolt of lightning from Electrigals left hand arched towards Zero hitting him in his right foot. Molten metal along with the rest of the once levitating items immediately began dropping to the ground along with the infamous Zero. A crusty guitar amp landing on Zero's head knocking him completely out cold as they hit the ground. 

"I DID IT!" Electrigal screams

"HE DIDN'T GET AWAY FOR ONCE" Giddy with excitement she dances around on the spot, almost falling over. 

The crowd of people gathered in the four minute event was incredible. Her fans causing damage to their surroundings as they run towards her to cheer. Random quirks being fired off as they cannot control their excitement and TV crews finally back on air.

"We have received word that the villain Zero has finally been detained." Repeated endlessly across news stations around the world in varying languages. 

The world rejoiced at the final end of Zero who can now be detained by the GHG and its quirk suppressors. Zero's lifeless body is pulled into a suppressor vehicle and driven away by its team with Electrigal accompanying them. But all is not so certain in a world filled with uncertainty and evil. As One quivers with excitement.

Most if not all villains mainly hide their evil habits. Most people with quirks don't even give a first thought to the idea of being evil. The quirk suppression unit that responds to any weak quirk related crimes don't even consider themselves heroes. Just normal officers with guns. After all there are few that can't be stopped with a gun. However you're then brought to the evil of evil. One of the "Numbers". Most villains are given a name that reflects poorly on them. Petty as it sounds this is one of a bunch of other small demeaning ways that prevents a lot of people from making that initial move into evil. the Numbers formerly going from one to ten of the most power powerful villains imaginable, their power holds no equal and their rare appearances can cause global disasters. However in what is known as the era of peace. Zero was an unequivocal from of relentless, unstoppable power. Throwing the most powerful heroes into the ocean with ease and torturing them in the depth of the Mariana trench. A few Numbers stood against him in the beginning as he began encroaching on their land, taking what they claimed. Dispatching them like nothing. All the numbers along with the formers boosting the infamy of ones who replaced them went into hiding. Until now.

One flies over to the suppression vehicle immediately. Travelling faster than the speed of sound sky scrapers windows blow out as he flashes by. Building being nothing but an inconvenience barrelling through them during his beeline to the vehicle. Suddenly the vehicles flies hundreds of miles into the air. During this the sudden shock awakens Zero who is is bound by leather at every extremity with his eyes covered to a solid metal board. Unaware of what is happening around him.

One throws the vehicle hurtling towards the ground. Zero's mind utterly fogged over while recovering realises the deadly force being imparted on him. As the vehicle slams into the floor Zero can be seen lightly landing as metal sheers, tears, and bends around him safely. Zero's restraints and blindfold compress into nothing. Standing stark naked accidentally destroying his suit in the process he observes his surroundings until he stops and stares at the floor.

