It is often joked that the Canadian national anthem, "O Canada", came about after A Canada through N Canda were dismissed as failures.

It is often used in the upper echelons of the Canadian military and political leadership as an example of how a million chimps with a million typewriters could eventually produce the works of Shakespeare. Or rather, how a billion people trading jokes over the internet can come close to describing the hidden truth.

And the truth, it just so happened, was that the contingency plan known only as "Omega Canada" was finally being put into action.

For all their posturing, the United States and China have no real reason to go to war with one another. The current atmosphere of "threaten but trade with" serves them well both economically in terms of internal politics. Don't like Trump laying the ground-works for a third term in office? You must be either on Chinese payroll or naive to want the Protector of American Economical Might out of office.

This atmosphere of repeated, theatrical and insincere brinkmanship has made both countries simultaneously prepared militarily and entirely unprepared politically and economically for war. Which is why a series of Canadian False Flag operations in the Korean peninsula, the Chinese Sea and Alaska resulted in such a messy, expensive and inconclusive war that left both countries crippled and licking their wounds. 

Which would have been wonderful news forthe Russian Federation if it wasn't going through such a period of political instability and fractiousness following the untimely, but oh so clearly natural death of Vladimir Putin.

The power vacuum left by retreat for the three major global powers for worldly affairs was keenly felt across the world. Minor states that have kept their mutual hatred to a low simmer for decades were now free to act out their fantasies of conquest and genocide, and the European Union found itself once again inundated with refugees, struggling to keep sense and order within its own borders.

It was then that Canada, the great conciliator, stepped forwards as a neutral party and appealed to three major powers. It offered a complex but solid treaty, one that would satisfy most grievances they had with one another and lay down the frameworks for them to rebuild their economies and relevance. 

Banking on decades of goodwill and a reputation for meekness and fairness, Canada proposed itself as the coordinator and mediator for the nations of the Tripartite Alliance, going so far as to emit its very presence from the name given to the pact. 

Who could have predicted that in the span of a mere thirty years the stability political and economical power structures of these nations would depend entirely on Canada?

Well, anyone who read plan Omega Canada of course. 