"Mr. President," Trudeau said with a warm smile as he walked swiftly up to Donald Trump. 

"Justin, how are you?" Trump said with a smirk. "Tremendous place you have here," he exclaimed as he looked around the entrance to Trudeau's Ottawa residence. Secret service from both countries walked slowly but confidently behind both men as Trudeau led Trump to the dining area. 

"Isn't it?" he answered as he grabbed a red wine from the counter and popped its cork with ease. Secret service agents twitched at the noise. "They take their jobs seriously I see," Trudeau said laughing. 

"Well these days ya have to be," Trump said as he looked back to the agents. "Crazy people out there. Never know when someone might try something." Trudeau nodded as he poured two glasses of wine. 

"You're telling me," he remarked as he handed Trump a glass. "But, I was hoping to have this conversation in a more private setting, if you don't mind of course." Trudeau's eyes glanced from one agent to the next and then to Trump. Trump was silent for a moment, glaring at the Canadian Prime Minister. Trudeau's eyebrows raised as he patiently waited for an answer.

"Of course," Trump answered a moment later with a small smile. "Wait outside," he demanded his secret service. 

"Sir, if I-" an agent spoke up but stopped talking as Trump's smile turned to a stern glare. "Yes, right away sir," the agent finished and signaled for the others to follow him out of the room. The Canadian agents took the hint as well and made their way out of the dining area. Trudeau motioned for Donald to take a seat as he took his own at the head of the table. The mahogany table glinted under a crystal chandelier. Windows along the west wall of the room burned red as the sun set over the distant horizon. 

"So, Justin. Is it alright if I call you Justin?" Trump asked rhetorically. Trudeau nodded at Trump, twirling his wine in his hand as he leaned slightly back in his seat. "I appreciated this invitation, but I've gotta say I'm a little confused as to why you wanted it in your home of all places?" Trump stared at Trudeau intently. 

"Well, Mr. Trump, I've gotta tell you, and I believe I speak for Canada as a whole here, but there appears to be a lot instability across the world right now. I thought it would be best for us to have a quick talk and make sure that Canada's interests and the United States' interests are still in line with each other." Trudeau, now straight faced, glared back at the smirking Trump.

"Well the world's always been an unstable place, Justin," Trump responded. "But I can assure you that I will do all I can to assure that Canada and the United States remain strong both as allies and as actors on the world stage. I hope that feeling is a mutual one." Trudeau took a sip of his wine and rose from his seat.

"That's exactly what I wanted to hear, Donald!" he said raising his arms up and spread wide. "A toast, shall we? To a prosperous Canada!" he said raising his glass high. Trump's glare tracked the president across the room but he remained firmly in his seat. He slowly lifted his glass as Trudeau approached and clinked their glasses against each other.

"To a prosperous Canada," Trump said and took a sip of the wine. A door suddenly burst open causing Trump to drop the glass as his secret service poured into the room, surrounding him. Trudeau slowly backed away as one of the agents whispered something into Trump's ear. Donald's face turned bright red. He paused for a moment as the agent stared intently at the president waiting for a response. He cleared his throat and swiped away a shard of glass with his foot as he rose from his seat. 

"I'm afraid something's come up, Justin. I hate to cut this conversation short but I'm going to have be on my way." Trump walked towards Trudeau, right arm extended.

"Of course," Trudeau answered. "The bombing of a United States military base is important business," Trudeau said smiling at Trump. Trump's arm fell to his side.

"How the hell did you know that?" Trump asked, confused. He stared quizzically at the young Prime Minister. Trudeau smirked and began slowly walking around the kitchen table and stared out of the kitchen windows. 

"For hundreds of years Canada has served as a faithful ally to the United States and the most of the world. Yet," he paused. "Yet we never quite seem to be taken seriously by any of you, superpowers."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Trump demanded. Trudeau turned from the window, eyes piercing towards Trump. 

"The worlds always been unstable, Donald, you are quite correct about that. Your presidency is further evidence that something must be done. I believe it's Canada's duty to do so. I believe it is time for a shifting of power." The two men stared each other down for several moments, Trump's face slowly growing angrier. 

"You did this?" he asked. 

"Yes, Donald. As well as the bombings in Seattle and Chicago as I'm sure your agent there is eagerly awaiting to tell you," Trudeau glanced over to the agent next to Donald. His jaw dropped slightly, then collected himself. He tried clearing his throat as Trump turned to him. He nodded quickly to the president.

"You little piece of shit," Donald spat out as he walked aggressively towards Trudeau. "I'll have your fucking head on a-" the windows shattered around Trudeau and Donald as bullets exploded into the kitchen. Secret service agents dropped one after another as they tried diving for Trump. Trump hit the floor, covering his face. A moment later, everything was silent. The bodies of the secret service littered the floor, blood pooling across the tiled floor. Trump slowly moved his bloodied hand's from his face and looked up as Trudeau smiled down at him, a small black pistol pointed directly at his head.

"It's a great day for Canada, Donald. But not the rest of the world," he smirked. Trump opened his mouth to respond but Trudeau didn't waste a moment as he pulled the gun's trigger. Trump's lifeless body fell to the floor as the gun shot echoed across the room. Canadian agents quickly entered the room. 

"Your car's out front, sir," one of the agents told Trudeau as the others began dragging the bodies out of the room. Trudeau nodded as he looked down at the former president. 

"Lets get to work then," Trudeau said as he walked confidently out of the kitchen. 





