Papa had grand plans for our small nation. His papa, my halbi, did too. In their eyes, despite the overwhelming evidence suggesting otherwise, the North could do no wrong. The sight of our people starving, of our countryside dying, of our so called state of the art submarines barely making out in the open, it did not change their mind one bit.

But I knew better than papa and halbi. I have seen how prosperous the outside world is. How much better than what we claim to have. And because of that, I dreamed of a unified Korea even more, but under the South's flag. I want to be able to hold a Samsung out in the open, without being branded as a traitor.

For far too long I have tried. Being outrageous, making a fool out of myself, screaming empty threats, in the hope of provoking the West to attack the North. My advisers all thought that I was brave and a patriot, but I secretly hoped that a confrontation will result in the swift defeat of a nation I am no longer proud off.

They would kill me if they found out the true motivation behind my rhetoric, my uncle did once, and luckily for me, I had managed to silence him, under the barrage of anti-aircraft fire. My brother knew too, and I had to dispatch him as well. That blubbering idiot chose Malaysia, one of the last place that he really should, as the country he wanted to hide in.

I had hoped that carrying an assassination in a foreign country soil would spur enough backlash to cascade the crisis into a full blown war, but these cowardly leaders have been too comfortable to want to upset the status quo. And as each day passed, my dreams of owning a Samsung grew ever more distant.

But never mind. One can't change history. What one can do however, is to keep trying.

I smiled at the approaching aircraft, the words Air Force One boldly emblazoned on it. All it took was a simple phone call and a praise to summon the president, a feat I previously never thought possible. My hand felt itchy, the clear poison tape supplied by the CIA stuck uncomfortably on it. They had graciously loaned me packets when they found out my plan. Turns out the movie The Interview was a subtle messaging to me after all.

The only thing left to do now is to shake the President's hand.

-------------

Edit: Damn them typos

/r/dori_tales