I walked in knowing what was about to happen.  No one told me, but I still knew, I was to confront the person I hurt the most.  Out of habit I went through the list, not much point to that I guess, if I knew who it was what was I gonna do?  Go over everything wrong I did to them?

I wasn't supposed to be like this.  It was supposed to be oblivion.  I never believed in all this afterlife stuff.....I never wanted to anyway.  What did that one person say? existence is suffering?  He probably had more to say about it, but I didn't care, that part hit it plain enough.

So when this person appeared in front of me, I didn't recognize him at first.  I had spent years avoiding my own gaze in the mirror, how would I recognize it now?  When it dawned on me, I just couldn't help myself, I started laughing.

"Oh of course it would be you, i mean me....whatever"

He looked up with sad eyes.  It was obvious the kind of mental anguish he had been through.  He didn't really speak, just looked at me like someone who was expecting to be screamed at.

We stared at each other for what seemed like minutes, before my blood started to boil over.  "well fine!" screaming at the only person I ever felt comfortable screaming at.  "It's true, I hurt you, over and over again, I tortured you because everything we ever wanted was wrong!  Every time we tried, every time we tried to get ahead, everything would fall apart!  No impulse control, no discipline, no acceptable ambitions, and a desire for things that made you the epitome of evil.  We deserved everything that I did to us."

"We couldn't help what we were attracted to"

"WE SHOULD HAVE TRIED HARDER!  Or at least been willing to sacrifice more.  Chemical castration was always on the table, why didn't we ever resort to that?  Personally I prefered death, which is what we are doing here!  All because of you!"

"That's not the only reason"

"of course not!  We were the poster child for sloth, gluttony, and weakness!  We couldn't even keep ourselves clean, much less anything near us.  All we did was drain those around us, money, time, worry, all of it drained into the black hole that was us."

"They said they liked talking to us."

"Maybe they did, maybe they didn't, it doesn't excuse how useless we were to them."

This conversation was very familiar.  I'd had it hundreds of times with myself when I was alive.  Maybe, just maybe this would be the last time.

"Why did you always think they hated you?"  I looked up but he darted his eyes to the floor as soon as we made contact.

"What do you mean?"

"No one ever actually said to your face that they hated you.  I mean you always took these generalized statements to heart so quickly and easily.  No one in your life ever really told you that they hated you."

"They didn't have to."

"You were always so kind, did whatever you were capable of to make them feel comfortable.  Tried so hard to make them happy."

"I did my share of damage, getting people to trust me then using their insecurities to hurt them."

"You lost your temper a few times, but you never befriended a person for the purpose of causing them damage."

"What does any of this matter?  I am wrong, I've known that my whole life, and in over 30 years no one has been able to talk me out of it, you think you are going to now?  And by spouting all the same shit they did no less.  Let me guess, next you are going to tell me that no one is inherently wrong."

"You can't fool me, I know that you know that."

"Well it doesn't matter.  I'm too stubborn to let that go, and I don't want to see the kind of damage I would wrought if I let me be me."

"It might not be as bad as you think"

"AND IT MIGHT BE WORSE!"  I sat on the ground, tired of this conversation.  It never led anywhere, I searched for decades for a way out of it.  I tried so hard to convince myself that I wasn't as bad as I thought I was, but it was like telling someone the sun would never rise again.  I simply couldn't let myself believe it.  "let's just get this on with.  I'm tired of having this conversation over and over."

"Where did you think you were going?"

"I dunno, heaven, hell, seems all pretty much the same to me"

"The door disappeared when we came in, I don't think we are leaving any time soon.  Looks like we are here to stay, having the same old argument over and over."

I put my head in my hands.  I guess it made sense.  What did that one guy say?  Existence is suffering?  I did it to myself.