A wracking cough sent Darius into another set of convulsions. His eyes had rolled back into his head, and it was all too clear that, despite the best efforts of healers mundane and magical, he was fading. Perhaps it was inevitable that his time had come. His face was lined with cracks and crevices that spoke to his great age, and his shock of wiry hair had faded from a stark black to fuzzy white.

It hurt a little to see his once great vitality so drained, and it hurt few more than it did Salah, the only of Darius’ large family to follow in the footsteps of the wise old mage. He had always been so calmly secretive; “My magic,” he had once uttered, “is my own. You would do well to find your own path, for mine is not open to you.”

Even so he had supported her, encouraged her. He had enthused over her successes and commiserated with her when her weavings had buckled or failed. Without his steadfast, cheerful support, Salah would have given up long ago. His generous kindness was a double-edged blade, however, for now his beloved granddaughter (to an order of magnitude that no one was quite sure of) would have to watch her best friend die.

 As his only magical heir, it was her responsibility to perform the death watch, and ensure that the spells the old man had cast in his many, many years were caught and maintained before they could begin to crumble.

Who knew the greatness of the task that lay ahead of Salah? Certainly not she; no one knew the fullness of Darius’ story. He had been so ever-present over the decades, so calmly humble, that those who knew him in his youth had long since passed away. He had always resisted the insistent prodding of those who wished to know him better and, in respect to his great stature, they had respected that resistance. After all, who would wish to pry into the past of the greatest spellcaster of his age? There were a million mysteries that surrounded old Darius, but most agreed that his vengeance would be swift and assured on those who failed to respect his wishes.

Salah took a deep breath, steadying herself. She was crumbling under the pressure, she could feel that in the way her mind wondered. A thousand and one questions that she wished she had asked tumbled through her brain. How had Darius learned the vast and powerful magic that he had always wielded. The land was built upon the steady rock of his spells, his peerless power. It was no exaggeration to say that he was integral to the happy, fulfilling life that Salah had lived in the City. How could she ever hope to shoulder that burden? How she wished she could ask her old rock for his advice, his happy support just once more!

Instead, all that was left for her to do was wait, and watch.

To pass the time, Salah tried to prepare herself for the weaves she would have to take over, to strengthen and defend when they tried to buckle under the weight of Darius’ death. It was a fickle art, magic, and when a spellcaster went into the endless night, he took much of his magic with him. It was only with a great deal of time and research that the academy had learned to take up the failing weaves of dead magicians, and there were few judged worthy of the trick. Salah had been taught only because of her bloodline; the magic of Darius was deemed so important to the City, so deep in the foundations of it, that it could not be allowed to slip quietly away – or, more likely, devastatingly collapse.

So Salah sat, and fretted in her quiet vigil. She imagined the spells that she may have to resurrect. Her colleagues and lecturers at the academy had vividly defined the importance of magic to the structure of the City. It infused every stone, it ran through the canals and streams that brought water to every home and whisked away waste. And Salah could have to hold the weaves that were the very foundation of it. 

When Darius died, he went quickly. It was a small mercy for Salah, who could never have bared the pain of watching the beloved old man fade away. His gasping breathing ceased, the spark flared into his eyes – wrenched open by his final heaving breaths – and all too quickly, died.

With a stifled sob, Salah through her senses open, waiting for the catastrophic burst of power from Darius that would signal the demise of all the magic he had cast in his plentiful years. She waited, brushing away the tears that blurred her vision, swearing to herself to stay strong in this last give she could give Darius.

In his passing, he left only silence. No spells thundered down, no weaves shrieked. In the darkness – day long since departed – the only sound was Salah’s laboured breathing.

Darius was a fraud.
