They say only 3% of the seafloor is mapped. They're wrong.

The crew woke up to blaring alarms and flashing red lights one morning. Senses overloaded and deeply fatigued, everyone rushed to follow emergency procedures as adrenaline pulsed through our veins.

As the crew rushed around frantically hundreds of feet below the surface of the ocean, the submarine began to list. It was imperceptible at first, but as the minutes passed it became more dramatic. Soon some of the crew nearly began to climb vertically to reach their posts, others had to slide down the slick walkway. It was pure chaos, and no one knew what was happening.

It was Jack from engineering who figured it out first. One of the ballast tanks had blown out, sending the sub into a nosedive. Checking the depth gauge, we were sinking, and rapidly approaching the crush depth.

We attempted to rebalance the other ballasts, and that worked, though imperfectly. The submarine managed to nearly level off, and the descent was slowed dramatically, but still, minute by minute we plunged further into the abyss.

We toiled for our lives. Like the mythological hydra, one fixed problem seemingly spawned two more. Seconds stretched into eons as time lost all meaning. Sweat, oil, and blood mixed into a sickly sweet smell that seemed to assault even the non-olfactory senses. Henry, a Midshipmen, would announce over the scratchy intercom every 10 feet we’ve dropped, his eyes glazed over from watching the depth gauge for hours. 

1730 feet

1740 feet

1750 feet

Suddenly, a massive impact occurred. 4000 tons of metal collided with cold volcanic rock deep below the waves. Everyone hoping for a quick instant death were instead flung about like rag dolls as screeching metal and massive pressure changes blew out ear drums.

Before comprehension could set in it was over. The submarine was at rest in an unknown state, seemingly undisturbed. Complete silence and darkness enveloped the sub as the main nuclear power shut off, only interrupted by the jagged breathing and screams of agony of injured crew members. 

The dead make no noise.

The emergency back-up power kicked in, and dim yellow lighting lit the sub. Our faces said it all.

On that day we lost nearly half our crew, and another quarter in the couple decades since.

Some say our survival of that event was a stroke of luck, others a miracle from god. I say it was a “gift” from Satan himself.

Turns out our sub ran into a mid-ocean ridge, underwater mountains pushed up from the abysmal plane by magma deep underground. Settling just shy of the submarine’s crush depth, abundant life was present all around from the hydrothermal events, and once the nuclear reactor was brought online, we were able to start exploring our new home.

Trapped thousands of feet below the surface, escape is impossible, and rescue missions gave up looking for us long ago. All we have left now are each other and the indomitable will to survive. Like Hell, time here seems to have no meaning, and only death can set us free from our underwater imprisonment. 

3% of the seafloor has been mapped by those above the surface, but much more has been by those below the surface. 

We were the crew of the USS Magellan. Now we’re the crew of the USS Abyss. 

&#x200B;

\- Well that was fun! This is my first time doing something like this, I hope you all enjoy! Also Feedback is much appreciated :)

&#x200B;