It's no use. The console just displays an error message indicating no input from the ship's sensors. The Samarrians crippled our ship and now we're unable to fire. Soon, after destroying the rest of the ships in our fleet, they will come back to board us.

I'm preparing for the inevitable. I lay my praying mantle before me, to ask Gurgaon and Medixas for their help in the incoming battle. I'm ready to pray for a glorious death.

But just as I was pulling out my Litsimas, the one they call Bob, the human, saw me, and with wide eyes on his face asked me about the object floating in my hand. I told him it was a Litsimas and it allowed us Bolgas to adequately pray. He was having none of that.

"No, no, no, no, no" he said, "I mean, where the hell is it pointing?"

I told him it pointed to the nearest star, as our Gods use them as gateways to their domain. He then rudely took the Litsimas out of my hand and ran away. I followed him around the ship, mainly because I wanted my sacred implement back. I was not letting this plundering brute to jeopardize my afterlife. But after a while I noticed he was reading the screens as he went. I finally found the reason for his outburst as he stopped on a console that worked.

"Where's the planet?" He asked. I did not have time for his lunacy, but he was adamant.

"WHERE THE HELL IS IT?!" He yelled, and not wanting to aggravate him even more, told him the last time I checked it was on the port. What was he planning?

Holding the Litsimas in one hand and typing with the other, he started crunching numbers on the console like a possessed, all the while praying to his god Pythagoras in his mutterings. Then after a while, he began laughing to himself. Believing he had gone mad with fear, I prepared to give him some comforting words when he suddenly bolted out towards the bridge. The guards posted on the door caught him and were struggling to contain this madman who was asking to see the captain.

"What is this indiscipline? Who is making such a scandal on my bridge?" Asked the captain. Bob then proceeded to explain to the captain that he had found a way to save the fleet.

"Captain, are the weapons systems still working?"
"Why do you ask? What is this about?"
"Sir I believe I'm able to calculate a firing solution"

The captain then busted into laughter. I did as well, how could this human do the work of such an advanced machine as the ship's supercomputers? How could he hope to make such calculations in his puny human head? But he was undeterred. He commandeered one of the consoles in the bridge, and before the guards could arrest him, he had issued a firing command.

We all held our breaths as we knew that this was a sign that we were still alive, and those barbarians would surely come back to kill us all. But then, the comms opened in the bridge, the admiral on screen.

"What happened to you Captain Astros? Why weren't you firing before? Where you all asleep?"

"Admiral, our sensors were knocked out, we had no way to return fire against the enemy!"

"Don't lie to me Captain, that was a direct hit to that Titan's shield generator, now I want you firing on those ships until you run out of ammo, do you understand me?"

"Yes, admiral" said the captain in utter disbelief, looking at the disgusting grin Bob the Human had on his face. 