It was a unique looking scar. It had a slight zig-zag type shape. With jagged, almost 90 degree angles. Thomas was very upset, he was always the dramatic type, a simple bruise would send this boy into a panic attack, which just made me love him all the more. 

"Mommy!" He came in crying, being supported by two of his friends with blood trickling down his leg. The boy was in hysterics. 

"Thomas fell right onto the curb when he hit a rock on his bike, Ms. Larson" his friend explains. 

I send his friends outside and bring Thomas into the bathroom. This was his first injury to draw so much blood. I began to clean the wound when suddenly, it wasnt there anymore. There was no sourcr of bleeding, and Thomas had suddenly calmed down.

"It doesnt hurt anymore,  Mommy" he whispers. 

"Yeah... Yeah I see that, baby." I say stuttering, purplexed. 

That was the first instance, but it sure wasnt the last. My son was convinced I was filled with magic. He was always bringing me his injured friends from playing outside, healing them in seconds so they could go about their day. The parents in the neighborhood called me The Miracle Healer. 

One day, however, the whole game changed when my mother fell ill and was sent to the hospital. When I saw her she was so sickly, she was skeleton thin, hardly any life in her face left. I wasnt very close to her, but when i saw her for what I thought was the last time, I leaned in for a kiss.

She immediately gasped for air, I jump back, thinking it was her last breath when suddenly, I see a warm color coat her body, she looks at me with life in her eyes that I havent seen in years, with a huge smile on her face. 

"I'm all better now." She simply says. She was out of the hospital and comfortably home within the week.

Thats when I really knew. I was special. I was gifted. The following week i walked around the hospital. Just simply laying my hand on the shoulders of the weak, sick, and injured. As many as I could until visiting hours were over. 

I did this my whole life, as often as I could. It defintely gave me a sense of pride, worth. Until one day as I was making rounds in the cancer ward, my knee had a sudden sting, and felt wet through my jeans. 

I run to the bathroom, and the cut was all too familiar, jagged zig-zag. Deep. It was Thomas's same cut from all those years ago. And its like I immediately knew my fate, and it wasnt long before I fell ungodly ill. 

"Frankly, Ive never really seen anything like this," the doctor exclaims. "I have seen these illnesses before, but for all of them to come up so close in proximity to each other is unheard of.

It was 4 different types of cancer, HIV, mono, you name it, i had it. Along with plenty of fragile broken bones and deep cuts throughout my body, the doctors presumed it was because of my weakening immune system, but I knew. 

I dont exactly know where my gift came from, why or how. But I am dying happy. I am hurting, am in immicable pain, but my life was so happy, rewarding. Knowing I changed and improved so many lives, makes all my pain so so worth it. 

Thomas came on my final day, with his beautiful wife Lucy, and their amazing,beautiful new born daughter. I loved her more than any words could describe, but I had been too sick and weak to show it, but they knew. I reached out to stroke that precious, soft peach baby face one more time, buti collapse, i feel a sense of final euphoria and then, finally, nothing. 