Michael.

That's all I know right now. My name is Michael. I now realize that I'm sitting in an elegant chamber with stained glass windows on each side of the room, on a bed with what I think is a rich fabric. I try to rise out of this bed, but as I do I am met with a sharp pain in my side. I look down and see that I have a bandage on my hip. As I slowly ascend from the bed, I notice that the chamber is filled with books and I am surrounded by paintings on all four walls.

I slowly examined the paintings on the walls and found that they all had a description below, all along the lines of "Michael and ..." or "Michael after ...". There are paintings of me leading men in armor into battle against creatures from what I assume are someone's nightmares, me in a ballroom dancing with a beautiful woman, and much more. After inspecting several of the paintings, I notice the books are labeled just like the paintings. I quickly found a book that matched with one of the paintings and realized that it is a retelling of the event. All of these books contained a story about myself. I reach for another book...

"You're awake!"

I spin around quickly, causing my side to burn like fire and embers. I fall to the ground as the woman hurriedly scrambled to my side. After a couple of attempts, she helps me back on my feet and sets me down on the bed.

"Please sit down my Lord. My name is Elizabeth. We will tell you everything that has happened so far in little time. For now, you must rest as we prepare your Primary Book and your meal. We had to make a new one after the last event as a servant accidently spilled wine on it a couple of moments ago."

"Where am I, Elizabeth? Please tell me something about stories and paintings. I'm like a lamb without their shepherd right now."

"This will all go much smoother if you just wait a couple of moments for... "

Three sharp knocks interrupt our conversation. The woman... I mean Elizabeth, almost leaps out of her seat and quickly answers the door. She comes back to the bed with an ornate book. I can see the words "Primary Book" on the spine. Elizabeth sets the book on my lap and flees out the door.

I open the Primary Book and it reads...

"Michael, depending on how far your mind has gone, this book will help you recover from your last event. Your full name is Michael Theon Bennett and you are the Lord of Nozreath, the largest kingdom in the lands. You are married to an Amelia Bennett and have three children. Your oldest is named Frederick and is 18 years of age. The next oldest is Christianna and is 14 years of age. Your youngest is Terrin and he is 5 years of age. For the past 38 years, you have been protecting Nozreath with diplomacy, leadership, and an ability only the past kings in your dynasty have possessed."

The book went on for many more chapters. It felt as though I only read for an hour but Elizabeth brought in my meal as it was apparently noon.

"Is all of this true Elizabeth? Am I really this Lord that the book proclaims I am?"

"Yes it is Lord Bennett. Everything in that book was written by you, updated each time by yourself before you use your... ability again."

"I haven't gotten to the end of the Primary Book yet. What was the last event?"

"Please follow me, Lord Bennett."

I rose gingerly from my bed and followed Elizabeth outside of the chamber. We travel down a long hallway with two guards until I reached my throne room. An elobrate golden throne rested in the pinnacle of the round room, surrounded by four smaller chairs for my family with many more chairs surrounding the rest. Large ornate doors line the walls for what appear to large gatherings and feasts.

"As you can assume, this is your throne room, Lord Bennett. It has been a while since this has been used. The recent wars with the Growth have seen it not needed. After each event, you usually like to wander the room for a bit before going back to the chamber for reading and healing."

I settled down to continue to read the rest of the Primary Book and I found myself reading the chapter labeled "Family".

"Amelia Bennett passed away after suffering from injuries of the initial attack from the Growth, sparking the war. She was 38 years of age and birthed three children.

Frederick Bennett is currently leading the main attack camp of the Nozreath Army against the Growth.

Christianna Bennett is married to Antwon Lenninia of the Lenninia dynasty to ensure safety from the Growth and Lenninia participation in the war against the Growth.

Terrin Bennett passed away at age 4 to an unknown illness."

In five minutes of reading, my family is gone or at war, my empire is fighting a demonic enemy that has no end, and I have little memory to spare to help anyone. I skip to the end of the book to discover what was the last event. The final chapter is labeled "Revelation". I turn the page and find... nothing.

The pages are blank. I flip through the entire book, hoping to find a misplaced page to fill the last gap in my memory. I hurl the book across the chamber and break the stained glass window. I sigh as the servants will have to make another Primary Book. I walk to the window and try to see if I can spot the book. I stick my head out the window and discover I'm on the ground level.

I quickly jump out the hole, cutting and scraping my hands as I stumble out. I inspect my "castle". I see what appears to be my chamber and the long hall connected to the large throne room. What I hadn't noticed before is several other structures identical to mine connected to the throne room. I sprint to another building and see the same stained glass windows. I sprint past more with the same shape, size, and windows. 

I must see if the structures are all the same! I bend down to take off my shoe and I am suddenly reminded of the wound, the only thing I have that connected be to me last event. I tear off the bandage to find a gash the size of a blade. As I take off my shoe, I am tackled by several guards as someone realized I had escaped. Using my last memory, I cast a spell to shatter the throne room, erasing my last shred of identity.