"One habitable planet in this system" spoke the computer.

"Moving into high orbit now, captain" spoke the pilot. Captain, i was still getting used to that title. The last captain only recently died of starvation.
"Run a scan of the planet, see what there is down there" I told the computer.

"Continental, moderate climate, oxygen atmosphere, one moon" replied the computer in its robotic monotony. One moon, while the colonists were the one who decided to leave the moon, they would still hesitate. But they were of the few who doubted our past and decided to leave the slowly dying colony.

"Tell the colonist about this one" i ask my assistant "and make sure they vote" they may not like it but this is our last chance, either colonise this planet or starve to death on the ark. 

"Deeper analysis shows carbon based, organic life forms of lower intelligence roam the planet as well as a variety of fauna. Days last 35 hours minerals are common throughout the crust" says my analyst.

"Votes came in at 82/18 for colonising" announced my assistant.
I tell the pilot to land us by the coast of one of the southern continents. We land and do our final surroundings check before we open the hatch.
Me and my assistant go do the main exit hatch to calm the crowd.

"The last few years have been hard on us all, not to mention the many hears before we began running out of food. But it was this or die on the moon, and it seems we got pretty lucky with this planet. I remind you all to review the safety guide once we get out there and to try and set up your tents close to the ship. We don't know what animals will come so let's work quickly and try to stay safe" I announced to the people before me. I heard the hissing of the massive exit door as it opened slowly. 

The crowd of people shuffle out the door and down the ramp.The sky was dark with few clouds above. I looked up to find the moon but it was covered by a lonesome cloud. "I suppose we'll find out if the legends are true rather quickly". The cloud slowly moved put to show the moon in all its glory. It had been a millennia since anyone had seen the moon from the ground. 

I heard a series of snaps, then a scream in the distance. I turned around to see the colonist kneel over in pain, their bodies contorting in ways that any person shouldn't see. Then came the howls, they sounded like the howl of a wolf with layers of overlapping screams. 

"All these poor people, those poor _prey_. I need to get everyone back into the ship _so I can devour the survivors_, if we were to survive this we cant have all the strongest run away, otherwise the weak would be _vulnerable_" he thought, he could feel his conscience tear He felt his bone break and elongate, it didn't hurt as he expected. He stalked over to someone huddled on the ground, and reached down to help them up but on found neck. 

"_Crush the neck, crush it before it transforms_" roared a primal voice deep within his mind. He tried not to, but his body wouldn't listen and as the body went limp he lowered it to the ground and began feeding. He turned his head toward the moon, sitting just above the ark. Just inside one of the windows was a small child holding a stuffed wolf, no doubt ark born. 

The captain got up from the body on the ground and walked into the forest

First response to a prompt so feedback is welcome