The news told us not to worry…

That the dragons wouldn't bother us…

Then tell me, why is there a massive golden dragon, standing in my way, as I'm going into labor! It’s hard enough to breathe and I’m trying not to panic. Yet, the dragon stands there with its wide eyes and each of its breaths blowing past me like a gust.

Stay calm, stay calm…

I figured we weren’t going to be able to make it to the doctor so we called a mid-wife, for the fourth time, since none seem to want to come close to a home surrounded by dragons. Luckily one of them seemed brave enough to endure the challenge.

Because for the love of god, this isn’t Dungeons & Dragons. I just want this over with already!

A beautiful baby girl was born. I was apparently sleep for hours after having finally given birth, so this is the first time I got to see her face… That and the face of a giant dragon peaking in through the bedroom window.

It not being strange at all.

However, my beautiful baby girl was like a little hot potato, all bundle up in the blanket we had prepared for her. She slowly peaked open her eyes, the first time I got to see them and they resembled the blue eyes of the dragon looking in through the window.

Slit pupils and all.

“Wha-what? Why does she have the same eyes as that dragon?” I ask the mid-wife.

“I don’t know madam.” She says.

I look around for my husband and find him standing on the other side of the room glancing out the window.

“Dear?”

He look over his shoulder without fully facing me.

“My love, and my beloved newborn daughter. I must confess. I didn’t think time would fly as quickly as it did.” He says.

“What do you mean?” I ask.

“This body of mine, it isn’t my true body. For the man you fell in love with is that golden dragon, you see there in the window.” He says.

“I… I…”

Apparently I fainted, or so the mid-wife told me. I don’t remember. All I know is some time has passed.

I sat up in my bed, with the mid-wife at my side holding my daughter.

“Where is he?” I ask.

“Madam, he’s no longer here.” She says.

“What? Did he leave?” I ask.

“No madam, he’s here. He left a message for you, ‘come outside’ he said.” She says.

How dare he! My body is weak and he’s asking me to move? Come outside, he said.  Our home is two stories, going down these stairs won’t be a laughing matter. Although, I suppose I’m grateful to our maids for escorting me to the front door.

They opened the door, and there lining the horizon was the golden dragon and several others.

The golden dragon walks closer, and stops right in front of the house.

Right in front of me.

The dragons mouth opens and my husbands voice comes out.

“Its me.” It says.

“Its who? I’m sorry, but you are?” I ask.

“Your husband.” It says.

“You? …What does this even mean?”

“My human body was only temporary… But, it is true that my love for you is real.” He says.

“So… our daughter then?” I ask.

“Is what unites our kind. Our daughter born of man and dragon.” He says.

His blue eyes gaze into mine. The sincerity in them. The honesty in them. They still look like his, even as a dragon. I don't want to admit… and I hate that he’s a dragon now…

But I still love him.