"Come out!" I shouted through the heavy wooden door. Jen had been in there for some time now, and it was taking her longer than usual to get ready. But that wasn't why I wanted her to leave the room. "Come out this is awesome!" 

We had been planning on attending a convention today, but I couldn't care less about that after five minutes ago. I didn't even bother putting on my costume. It started with my  toy lighsaber. It was a joke gift from my brother, and I had accidentally bent it so it was always "on" as I couldn't retract it. Only now it was \_actually\_ on. The hilt was now metal instead of plastic, and a bright green light filled the room. It was actually bent, just like the toy had been. I wondered if it would explode. 

It didn't take long for me to notice that my Sonic the Hedgehog stuffed toy was cracking jokes about it as he raced around a Spider-Man the size of my palm, climbing around on the furniture. I was a bit worried when my small Cthulhu Funkopop started moving, but the Godzilla next to it seemed to be working with a Superman that was four time it's size to take care of it. Still Jen would not leave her room. 

"Is she still not coming out?" Sasha asked. She was surrounded by laughing ponies of various soft colors, a tiny stuffed Slenderman broodingly levitated behind her. "We're going to be late...well not that it matters now." 

"Jen, come on! There's...something happening!" I knocked on her door again. "It's like, actual magic!" 

Bugs Bunny, lost under the couch since I used to come visit when we were ten, also knocked on her door. It was more difficult for him, considering that he only had a torso and two arms to work with for moving, but he had spent the entire morning slowly sliding along, still somehow looking suave. 

"I...I know! Um...I was putting on my costume and..."The door turned and our jaws dropped as Jen stepped out. "Um...I don't think it's just the toys that are affected." 

Jen was always a huge fan of the Soul Calibur series. She was much better than I was and always wanted to play whenever I came to visit, or was online. I really think she just liked beating me. She also really liked Ivy. So now, instead of a short redhead with a slender frame, stood a tall woman with white hair and the largest breasts I've ever seen. And I know how to use the internet. 

"It just...happened. Right after I started getting ready." She said, guesturing with her hand. The large whip she held lashed out and cut a long gash in the wall. "Oh right. I can't let go of this either. AND  STOP STARING!" 

It took great effort of course. I tried to help her sit down, but she was now off balance and continuously slashed about with her sword-whip thing. It made sense that she couldn't drop it, fighting game characters never let go of their weapons. They also apparently reacted instantly to conflict. Several small Darth Vaders had banded together to fight her, and though their force powers were tiny, their lightsabers still hurt. She sent them flying with an instant swing of her blade, which extended out and sliced into Sasha. 

Only it didn't. It hit her back and cut her shirt, but didn't cause any damage. It was lucky she had turned to walk away, because otherwise it would've hit her face. 

"Are you ok? How are you ok? Where are you going?" I asked, trying to help Jen who had swung to far in one direction and now physics were carrying her towards the ground. 

"Um...I..actually I'm already dressed as my character." Sasha turned, and we could actually see her chest moving outward. "I just wanted to take off my Power Girl outfit before it was um...too late." 

She glanced at Jen to indicate what she meant, and then ran up the stairs. She continued forwards and crashed through the wall, continuing going upwards. Through the hole she created, we could see smoke rising from the city beyond. It looked like whatever was happening wasn't just happening here. And we had a feeling we knew where the smoke was coming from. I grabbed what was once a nerf blaster off the wall, watching it power up with some kind of energy, and the keyblade that was no longer a replica from off the wall. Good thing the sequels happened. 

"Well...the convention is just down the road. Sasha looks like she has a headstart on us, um...looks like we're going after all!" 

&#x200B;

(I had no real way to end this, I know it sucks. But no one was using the cosplay idea, so I made it as wacky as possible. Enjoy...or hate. I don't care.) 