Slowly the haze lifted and the surrounding super-fauna came into focus. The tops of the canopy were out of sight, the bare glossy trunks stretched to infinity in front of Christoph. He knew what had happened. Whenever he used the Touch he went into a daze and would wander unconsciously. Christoph’s leg were stiff; he must have been walking for hours. The use of his powers had left him spent. But what had happened to require such a strong intervention? He was troubled, using his powers to this extent would have cost him dearly. This was no bleary adolescent memory of weekends stalking deer he expended; he’d spent a memory that was deeply entwined with his self. 

Christoph looked down to see dried cracked blood coating his hands and the arms of his green camo jacket. He couldn’t feel any pain, the blood wasn’t his own. He sat on the mossy earth and concentrated on composing his thoughts. A single name returned to him: McWilson’s. The train company? Of course: the train robbery. He’d always held out the dream of one big heist, enough money for a ranch in Peru and freedom from the meddling Paranormal's who were tasked with tracking those with the Touch. The memories were cloudy, he pictured the train tracks running off into the secluded woodland - the perfect place for an ambush - he’d laid down the thermite and then hid in under some loose branches in a ditch. Had he really been alone? It would be stupid to try an operation of this size without help. 

One thing was for sure, it had not been a success. He didn’t need to draw blood from his victims. One thought and they dropped to the floor like a sack of logs, their consciousness wiped and all it cost him was the memory of what he’d done. He often joked morbidly that god won’t find a cleaner conscience. 

Christoph decided to backtrack, try to find out what happened to the train even if it meant running into paranormals. He’d left a clear path of squashed fungi and trampled shoots. 

The sun was retreating and a chill settled when Christoph heard a branch crack to his right. He crouched to the floor and waited. Light footsteps approached. 

‘Christoph? Christoph, oh god, please be there’ pleaded a woman's voice.

Christoph stood, revealing himself a couple of feet from a disheveled young women. Her hair was tangled as if she had fell through the branches of a tree and thick dried blood caked her forehead in what appeared to be the sight of some massive hemorrhage. 

‘Stay back’ Christoph shouted ‘Who are you?’ 

‘Oh my love, please no, its me, Sophie.’ she cried 

Christoph spotted the holdal she had in her hand; McWilson’s was written across the side. It seems he had found his accomplice and the bounty.

‘Sophia, of course’ lied Christoph ‘I’m glad i found you, I lost track of what happened back there. Look, you’re hurt, come here so I can take a look at you.’

‘Oh Christoph, what have you done, you don’t remember do you? You don’t remember us?’

Us? Was this woman his lover as well? Not unsurprising, she had the high cheekbones and dark green eyes he was fond off. She was of limited importance now though, the contents of that bag meant the doors of all the brothels in Lima were wide open to him. 

‘Sophia, of course, but you’re distressed. Look hand me that bag and let me take care of you.’ 

‘I know you are lying!’ she shrieked ‘You never call me Sophia - i’m your rattlesnake. Don’t you see? You saved me. It all blew up in our faces and then you brought me back to life but, oh god, but you gave up your memory of me to do it. Christoph, it wasn’t worth it.’

Sophia ran towards Christoph, falling at his feet sobbing. 

‘We were going to move to Peru, hunt game and make love all day. Now what? Without you i have nothing.’

A helicopter could be heard overhead, paranormals had arrived. They be scanning the floor with infrared; he had to move. Had he really loved this women? What she said made sense, the exertion to bring her back from the dead would have required his most cherished memories. His very essence.  What did it matter now? He no longer loved her, she was nothing to him. Christoph reached out and grabbed the handle of the bag. Sophia tugged it back towards the ground. 

‘Let go of it’ Christoph shouted and kicked her in the abdomen. 

Sophia screamed and bit into his calf, the teeth sank through the flesh and Christoph let out a shocked screech as he fell backwards. Within a heartbeat she was straddling him and held his head between her hands; piercing him with her emerald iris.  

‘Wipe me.’ she shouted ‘Do it.’

Christoph paused - he saw in that furious stare why this was a women he had loved - and then her body went limp on top of him. The forest was still. Then, as if in a daze, Christoph got to his feet, picked up the bag and wandered alone into the woods. 
