This was a glorious day for our confederacy, our flags waving on the wind as our ranks marched on the field dressed in bright blue uniforms. This would be an easy victory, these beings haven't worked out how to travel beyond their star system, they would be no match for our gunpowder weapons. They would probably flee as soon as they heard the roar of our first volley.

We deployed in an open field, our cannons were being setup. We had the best spot, our enemies would be downhill from us. In the distance, their primitive machines approached, incapable of flying beyond the atmosphere, it was laughable to see they still relied on internal combustion engines. Back in our planet you could only see them in museums. The vehicles stopped mid-air, hovering a few meters from the ground. Dozens of armed men descended with ropes, wearing a ridiculous green uniform, or at least I thought it was ridiculous.

Our cannons fired, but at that range they weren't precise. The men descending the vehicles quickly became hard to spot, as their uniforms matched their surroundings. Our general smirked:

"That's a nice trick for a hunter, but those tactics will prove useless once we show them the might of our weapons."

He rose his saber and we marched, bayonets held high, each step drawing us closer in range to unleash the wrath of out weapons.

The we heard a few shots...

We thought one of our ranks was over eager and started firing well beyond the range. Then  we saw some of our own fall.

But... how was that possible? Not only they had developed firearms, but their range and precission was beyond ours. We started marching faster, hoping to close the gap in between reloads to get to range and return fire. But there was not any reload. Their weapons seemed to fire an endless stream of bullets. A quarter of our soldiers were down on the ground before we could figure that out and dove for cover.

We were pinned down, some shots rang from our side, but none of them landed close to their intended targets. Our batteries fired furiously but they didn't retreat. Suddenly, a very precise barrage landed on our artillery, destroying half of our cannons. I don't know how did they manage to aim so precisely and land so many shots close togheter. A second barrage came just within a few seconds from the first.

Our ships made a heroic effort to get us out of there, getting in the way of enemy fire. Only one third of the ships and a fifth of us survived. This was deemed one of the biggest military failures on  our history and we didn't even manage to take a single town. We fled into interstellar space, where they couldn't follow.

Later we figured out who our enemy was. We were a very different sort of civilization. In our home planet resources were scarce, evenly distributed and he had to endure hostile conditions. We had to cooperate to survive, we had to explore other planets to continue existing.

This planet was different, abundant resources were concentrated on a few specific places on their planet. This gave them incentive to fight and war was the main force driving their technology. The very first time they used nuclear energy, it was to kill each other, their conquest of space came as a byproduct of terrifying weapons able to deliver destruction to the opposite end of their planet, every bit of technology was driven by their need to fight amongst themselves.

To us those same technologies were used to enable us to travel beyond our planet. That was our way. And their way was to fight, to kill, to steal, to hold rich territories and watch their brothers die on the outskirts.

I was glad I wasn't born on such world.