All of my dreams start the same way. There’s a proverbial silence that greets me before the main event, like the lights fading on an audience, eager for the curtain to rise. This time was no different, except for him. 

My sleep has been plagued for years with what seemed like glitches of future knowledge of things that I should have never known. Granted, it was never anything useful, such as lottery numbers or election results, but somehow always  related to individuals that I knew and or cared about, but this, this was different. 

I’ve had dreams where conversations with friends would go poorly and a sort of reset would occur where I would have infinite chances to try again to set things right. Once in High School I was entrusted with a secret of a friend who had chosen to get an ankle tattoo without the consent of her parents. In my dream, she accused me of spreading the rumor that she had actually gotten a tattoo, instead of the story we had carefully spread, about a temporary henna tattoo, and the rumors caused her parents to ground her for months. It took three tries, but I finally figured out that perhaps honesty was the best policy, and told her truthfully that I had no idea who had spread the rumors since I had been studying the night prior and suggested another friend may have accidentally shared the information unwittingly. Much to my chagrin, the next day, the exact conversation, entirely verbatim, from my dream the night before, occurred and thanks to the prior night’s experience my relationship with her remained in tact. 

I wouldn’t call these dreams a blessing or a curse, just something that I’ve had to deal with throughout my lifetime and sometimes more of a nuisance than anything else. Why I would dream about road signs, a meal or even a strong feeling usually mind boggled me for weeks and sometimes months before I would understand and could begin to recognize the significance, but this time was different. 

This time, I dreamt of a face I had never seen before. He appeared sporadically throughout my dreams, always constant, always steadfast, but I knew next to nothing about him outside of a name. I shrugged it off as heartburn or too many drinks, never actually considering the dreams as significant, until I met him. 

The actual pretense around meeting him was rather mundane. It was a standard office visit, and I had a nagging feeling that I knew him without being able to place quite how or why. Weeks passed with multiple visits and it wasn’t until another dream occurred that I finally realized he was the unknown man from my dreams months prior. 

At the next visit, I sat nervously awaiting his arrival, fiddling with my phone and trying to sort through how he played such a prominent role in my life when the door opened and he greeted me with a smile. 

“Everything looks good!” He said with a grin. “I don’t see any complications.”

“Well, that’s great news, and I feel fantastic,” I responded. 

“You should be able to resume normal activities, albeit slowly. I know how much you have missed your independence.” 

With a few additional pleasantries exchanged, I setup a followup appointment and left the office without thinking much about it until I reached my car. It was such a small statement that I almost missed the fact that I had never mentioned anything to him about my sheer disdain of being unable to care for myself during recovery. While he might have deduced the fact from the time we had spent together, it seemed unlikely that something that was so intrinsic to my nature would be so transparent to someone I hardly knew, especially since the majority of that time was spent in a hospital. Most patients are eager to return home and I was no different, so how could he have possibly known?

Driving home, I continued to ponder over the various conversations that had occurred, and nothing out of the ordinary came to mind until it finally hit me. I slammed on the brakes in the middle of the road, my hands shaking, as I realized that we had in fact shared a conversation about my independence, but in a dream. My heart pounded as I tried to reconcile the facts and justify that he had most likely understood my personality and had merely reached a conclusion, because what other likely explanation could there possibly be?  

As the horns began to loudly sound off, I carefully resumed speed and drove home without further incident, but even with all of the justifications I still couldn’t shake the feeling that somehow he had been a part of my dreams from the very start. 