I didn't expect him to be so tall. I didn't expect him to be here ever, let alone tonight! Why didn't she tell me who her father was? We spent so many nights on my living room floor talking about our dreams, hers to finish her masters in American literature and mine to become a chef. Oh my god, I don't even have furniture! There's nowhere for him to sit! There's no way he'll approve of me. There's no way he'll approve of these Omaha Steaks I heated up last minute! Who makes Omaha Steaks for Gordon Ramsey? The man can make or break a life with one tumultuous tirade or even one mild food orgasm. I panic.

Gordon walks in and looks around, bemused. He takes my folded bean bag chair from the corner of the room and plops it between the television and the Nintendo 64. He brushes the tangled wires aside. At least he sees that I have hobbies, I thought. I sink for a moment, then catch an unexpected smirk. Is he slightly amused? Or is did he just find ammo for a snarky tirade he can't wait to unleash?

"Sir, we have..."

"Gordon's fine," he says. I let go a small breath.

"Gordon, we have a small dining area on the balcony. You don't have to sit on the floor."

"Oh, I don't? Well, based on the spaghetti sauce stains on the hardwood here, I guess I won't get the full Richard Blumenthal experience then."

I sink. Thankfully, I feel a comforting pair of hands gently rub my shoulders.

"Relax," Belinda said in a soothing and spirited voice. "He's just messing with you. He does that with all my boyfriends"

All her boyfriends? How many men has this man destroyed? Is his back yard an herb garden, tomatoes vines on a trellis, and a hollowed pit of withered corpses and broken dreams? And boyfriends? How many guys has she brought home to this?

"Dinner will be ready in a few minutes," I blurt out, spitting a little.

"I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be right back," Belinday says. She kisses me on the cheek. I let out a nervous laugh. And here I am alone with one of my heroes. I grew up watching him on television, shaming every chef who failed to live up to a standard slightly above mediocrity. I should at least put some herbs in the pre-packaged mushroom gravy.

I dart over to the stove and reach for the sauce pot. My hands are shaking and trembling. I wipe the sweat from my hands onto my "kiss the cook" apron and reach for the chives. Knife in hand, I let go a deep breath. Tonight's not about me. It's about making my dreams come true with Gordon. It's about making Belinda happy.

I feel a pair of hands gently rub my shoulders.

"Relax. Just have fun. He's not that bad of a guy."

That wasn't Belinda whispering that into my ear. He massages me. Now I know where Belinda gets it from. And it actually feels nice.

Gordon, behind me, wraps his arms around my waist. He holds both of my hands, guiding the knife and the chives in my hands slowly. His accuracy is impeccable. These gruff hands are the hands of a man who knows his way around a kitchen.

"Easy does it," he says. "There you go."

Flipping the knife, he slides the chopped chives into a small pile. He sprinkles them onto the gravy.

"Your turn."

I do the same. And in this moment, it feels a little like heaven. I'm getting a gentle cooking lesson from Gordon Ramsey! If someone five years ago that this moment would happen, I would have never believed it!

Beep! That's the timer.

I turn around, but Gordon doesn't seem to let me move.

"Give it another minute." He stares softly into my eyes, slowly closing his lids and leaning in. I can't help but do the same. I lean in and our lips gently touch. I back away, blinking softly and looking back.

"It should be ready now." I feel a small poke in my thigh.

Belinda walks out wearing a black lace nightie.

Gordon reaches for the knob and turns off the oven. "I think we all can certainly do better than Omaha Steaks tonight."