“That’ll be $8.27,” Pete droned from behind the counter.

The lady quickly paid and went to stand off to the side to wait for her coffee.

With a quiet sigh, Pete set to mixing the customer’s drink. She wasn’t exactly a regular, so he had to check her order twice before being sure he handed it off to her. She scurried out the door without another word, leaving the shop silent and empty.

Pete looked over his shoulder at his manager, Miranda, chomping gum and checking her phone next to the sink.

“Slow day,” she said, not looking up while tapping her screen. “Might just send you home, huh. Probably wait until Dave comes in, though. I know he’s your favorite.” She glanced up long enough to give a coy wink.

He suppressed an eye roll. “I can handle Dave.”

“Dunno how. His orders are always crazy, let alone what he always talks about,” Miranda gracelessly spat out her gum into the trash can.

“Maybe I just understand crazy,” Pete chuckled and rinsed some glasses in the sink.

Miranda snorted. “He tried telling me you’re some sort of lizard man. Says you never blink.”

“That’s funny,” he said, putting the glasses away. He turned and humored her by delivering a very deliberate blink, and received a hearty chuckle in response. “I read about that conspiracy theory, though. Thought they were meant to run the government or someshit. Not running some podunk coffee shop in North Dakota.”

“Like you run this place,” she smirked, and popped another piece of gum into her mouth.

Pete shrugged. “Fair enough. I’m going out for a smoke. Lemme know if Dave comes by.”

He walked along the brown tiled hallway out the heavy metal door, pulling his pack of cigarettes out of his back pocket. Outside still had a bit of the autumn morning chill on the air, but the sun was rising and Pete could tell it was going to be a good day to be outside. With a sigh, he lit his cigarette and leaned against the brick exterior of the shop.

“Wonder if Miranda will make good on sending me home or what,” Pete asked the air. He watched the smoke rise in wisps through the wooden fence. “Wonder how long Dave’s been staring at me waiting for me to blink.” Pete chuckled again to himself.

At this moment, Pete heard a familiar jingling sound from the other side of the fence. He peered through the slats and saw Dave, heavyset and dragging a small, battered rolling suitcase behind him. The jingling sounds were the many chains of safety pins Dave had fashioned and attached to his long black canvas coat. Pete remembered asking him what they were for and receiving only a mysterious answer of “Werewolf repellent.”

Pete watched Dave hastily swipe at the air suddenly, like he was being assaulted by dozens of nasty flies. It didn’t take long before Pete realized it was his cigarette smoke that was accosting him. Pete quickly extinguished his cigarette and poked his head above the fence. “Sorry, Dave. That’s just my cig! You come for a coffee?”

Dave looked astonished at Pete’s appearance, but stopped slapping at the air. He lowered his hands, balling them into fists and took a step toward the fence. “A cigarette?! You think I believe that crap?! I know brain vapor when I smell it! Your mind tricks won’t work on me! I’ve immunized myse--”

Pete waved his crushed cigarette above the fence. “It’s all cool, Dave. Promise. Come in and I’ll fix you what you want.”

After a few grumbles, Pete understood that Dave, indeed, did want a coffee, and went inside to meet him at the counter. Miranda sat bemused on a stool, wiping the glasses Pete had just washed, and watched him mix up a drink for Dave.

Surprisingly, it wasn’t as complicated as usual. He wanted two pumps of chocolate, thirteen pumps of caramel, a splash of cream, one scoop of sugar free sweetener, and two scoops of vanilla bean powder in his latte.

Pete handed it over with mild triumph in his eyes. “You sure do keep me honest about my title here, Dave.”

“Yeh.” Dave mixed his drink up with a stirrer without giving it much of a glance and took a deep gulp. He looked over at Miranda, who was silently smirking at her phone. Red crept onto his ears and he asked tersely, “What are you laughing at?”

Miranda casually lifted her head and said with a soft smile and an innocent blink, “Just wondering how many times Pete blinked while he was making your coffee.”

“Three times,” Dave grumbled. “But it doesn’t count if you told him already! Should’ve known better than to say anything. He probably got to you years ago.”

He continued growling under his breath as he trundled out and dropped the rest of his coffee in the trash can. The cup had no lid, as per his request, so when the cup hit the bottom of the can, coffee flew up and onto the wall like a small brown volcano.

After they’d watched Dave continue far enough down the street, Miranda said with a snort and a loud chomp on her gum, “I see what you mean. He’s funny.”

Pete sighed at the splash of coffee on the wall. “Honestly, it’s as easy as not agitating him, Miranda.”

“Is that easy to do?” she crossed her legs and leaned on the counter. “He made a mess, though. Sorry ‘bout that.”

Pete had already started walking around the counter with a wet rag in his hand and quietly cleaned up the dripping remains of coffee he had spent ten minutes making from the wall. “Whatever,” he sighed.

Turns out there was plenty for Pete to do around the empty shop that day, so Pete had to enjoy the brief moment of sunlight he could on his walk home. He walked slowly with his hands in his pockets, still toying with Dave’s notion that he was a lizard man. “It’s just really funny,” he said to no one in particular under his breath.

Pete arrived at his apartment. He turned on the single lamp in his living room, pulled out his phone, and laid belly down on his couch.

“Hey,” he texted to the open conversation on his phone. “You’ll never guess what Dave’s been saying about me.”

Almost immediately, as if the person on the other end had been waiting all day for a text, replied, “lol whats that”

Pete sent a single picture of a green anole.

“NO. Srsly? Get outta here”

“Ah. It’s just funny, you know. Not all Reptilians are Hilary Clinton. But all Hilary Clintons are Reptilians. Makes me sad. Like he must consider me quite a bit of wasted potential."

“Stfu ur cool.”

“Nah”

"STFU”

“Fine...”

“Thats it. Getting u drinks at Red Dragon. U better be there in 30 mins”

“K”

Thirty minutes later, Pete was walking down the steps to the basement of a building downtown. The door had an intricate red Chinese dragon across the top. He knocked on the door and it opened soundlessly.

“Pete!” Called a woman at the table immediately to his right. “Take that crap off. You look ridiculous.”

With a shrug, Pete’s features melted. His eyes became large and green with a snake-like slits for pupils. His skin stretched and expanded into large, golden scales. Thick black horns rose from his shrinking hairline. His face elongated into a toothy maw lined with jagged teeth that overlapped his bottom jaw. "How's thissss?" Pete said with a heavy accent on the S's to humor his friend. To add to this effect, he flicked his tongue at her cheekily.

"Fiiiinally," the crimson-scaled woman hissed from the table. "Sit down, doofus."

Pete obliged, and the woman pushed a rum and coke at him. He eyed it and said, "Was expecting some sort of pun or clever drink choice from you tonight, Ali. At least something with fireball?"

"Sorry," Ali shrugged. "Guess I figured I'd buy something you'd actually drink." She leaned forward, her large, unblinking eyes staring at him. "Do we do something with Dave, then, sir?"

Pete leaned back and lapped at his drink thoughtfully. "Yeah. I think it'd be believable if he never showed back up to the coffee shop at least."

Ali swallowed, her hands shaking with excitement. "Been waiting so long for permission. I can almost not believe it's time."

"You have permission. Use the mind fog to start with," he said, passing her his pack of cigarettes.

"Thank you, sir. It will be done."