You wake up in the morning at 6 am. As you arise from your fancy imported bed, you check your emails. It's from your business partner, Ralph. He's praising you for that pitch you nailed with a client he was trying to earn for months. You wake up your beautiful girlfriend, Ana, from her sleep with a kiss on the forehead. She promptly gets up and holds you tight. You go to the kitchen and fix yourself and Ana some breakfast. Spinach omlette. Seasoned well, cooked fluffy, and garnished with strawberries and blueberries. As usual, you cooked it to perfection. After eating, you shower, and Ana grooms your beard. She's not doing it right. You get frustrated, but you hold your tongue. That's a smart move. After dressing for work, you leave your mansion and hop in your Lamborghini on your way to the office. As you drive, you see a poor man sitting in the middle of the road, singing and smiling with his ugly grin. All you can do is pity and laugh at his misery. You arrive at work. You let Fernando, the valet, park your car. When you reach your office, everyone greets you and is happy to see you. You're the guy who saved the company, after all. Your boss calls you in and wants to talk to you. She wants to offer you a promotion to one of the C-Suite position at the company. You didn't even think twice. You accept. You both get up and shake each other's hands. She's looking at you now, smiling. You smile back. She walks back to her desk, slowly and suggestively looking back at you still smiling. Again, you already know what you want to do to her. You have your fun and then leave to go back to work. After work is over, you head home. 


On your way home, you feel as if your life is too great because it is problem-free. You decide that you want to make the bad decision, just to see what would happen. So you rev up your car and start doing 100 in a 25 mph lane. A police officer stops you and gives you a ticket. Wow! It felt great to do the wrong thing for once. Maybe you'll do it again, just because. You go to a drive thru and order a burger and fries. You devour it and let out a huge belch. You go home. Ana is waiting for you. She made dinner. You eat that as well, because you don't want to make the wifey mad. Your stomach aches. You go and vomit. What the hell? You've never felt ill in your life. Ever. It doesn't feel good. You decide never to make bad decisions ever again. You drink some Advil and go to sleep early. 

You wake up early the next day. You check your phone and you see a ton of messages coming up on your phone. 

Oh no.

You forgot to speak to your clients yesterday. You lost them. Now your boss and co-workers are furious at you. There are so many thoughts racing in your head right now. Is this what they call anxiety? It doesn't matter. You have to make things right. You call your clients to schedule a meeting with them. Too bad. They've already found a new company. Your boss calls you. She's furious. She asks you how you could've been so careless. Their sales are plummeting and they're losing clients fast. You desperately try to tell her that you can make things right. She fires you. She also says how she can't believe she even had sex with you. Ana hears that. She's angry too. She calls you a piece of shit and unfaithful. She slaps you and tells you that she never wants to see you again. She storms out her house and leaves you. You get another call. Somehow your credit score has dropped and you have nothing in your bank account. Someone is using your money! It must have been when you bought that burger and fries and paid with your debit. You tell them that you'll see them about it and frantically run out your house without dressing. Your car has been trashed by Ana. You kick your car in frustration. How can a few bad decisions mess up so many things? You panic. You've never made a bad choice in your life, ever. You don't know what to do. The police come to your driveway. They've come to question you about who vandalized your car and caused trouble in the neighborhood. Impulsively, you punch an officer and try to reach for his gun. You are pinned down and arrested. You spend the whole day and night in jail. You begin to crack under pressure of every misfortune that has hit you yesterday. Millions of thoughts are swarming in your head. You don't even know if the teleprompter words floating in air are correct or not. As you are set free, you sit down on the street, pulling your hair out and growling. You were never trained to practice misfortune, so you don't know how to plan for it. You wail and punch the ground in frustration. Then someone touches your shoulder and smiles warmly at you. It was the homeless man you pitied the day before. Nobody has ever smiled at you like that. Not even Ana, your boss, or your own loved ones. They smile at you like you're a perfect being. He's smiling at you like you're a human being. Oddly enough, you smile back. 