“Uh…. Satan?”

“Hmm? Oh, yes! Hello! Please, call me Lou.”

“Right. Lou.” I gestured to the empty space around me. “I don’t mean to be rude, but where is everyone?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that. Come, have a seat!” He blew a few notes into his harmonica, the pitch slightly off. “I was just about to play Iron Man.”

I waited through the first two bars before interrupting with a dismissive hand. “Yeah, that’s great,” I said. “It’s just that I really wasn’t expecting to be the only soul down here. Where did all the others go?”

The Devil’s eyes widened and he jerked his eyes side to side. “C’mon, don’t worry about it. And definitely don’t ask a third time. I could use a percussionist. Let’s jam.”

Third time? He seemed nervous. My years on the force had taught me the look of someone who was hiding something. He didn’t seem particularly dangerous and there was nothing left to lose…

“Lou. Where is everybody else?”

“They’re all in Heaven!” He gasped, left his jaw hanging open for an instant, then gritted his teeth. I took a step backwards as a burning red flashed in his eyes. Then his shoulders sagged and the bright red faded to a cool grey.

“But don’t worry about them,” he said. “Doesn’t have to be Sabbath. We can play anything you want. Slayer? Maiden? Bieber?”

“How’d they get to Heaven?”

“Look, how about some backwards Zeppelin?”

I shook my head, confident I’d discovered his game. “How did everyone get to Heaven?”

“Please stop asking,” he said. He stood, shifting his weight foot to foot.

“Lou, how did the other souls get to Heaven?”

“They asked me to send them!” As soon as he answered he screamed and flames leapt from each hand.

I dove for cover behind a nearby rock, noticing the smell of brimstone for the first time since I’d arrived. Suddenly I was aware of the heat of the place as well. I was sweating. ‘Lou’ was more dangerous than I first thought. But his aggression seemed to pass. He paced back and forth.

“Sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean to upset you.”

“Perhaps we got off on the wrong foot.” He came to a stop and a hideous grin spread across his face. “Let’s get to know each other. What did you do to get here?”

I felt my heart beat quicken. A hazy image formed in my mind, distant shouting, a bright flash… no. No, that was long ago. I shoved the memory away, focused on the Devil.

“It’s not important. Lou, can you send me to Heaven?”

“Heaven? Why would you want to go there? You think the boys upstairs can carry a tune as well as yours truly? Ha! Now, tell me, why are you with me in Hell?”

Sirens screaming. A pleading voice, broken by sobs. Cold metal, a trembling finger… I shook my head, clearing my thoughts, remembered where I was. The memory was pushing back but I concentrated on the creature in front of me. A heinous smile was etched on Lucifer’s face. His grey eyes had turned a serpentine yellow, and he stared, unblinking. I had the eerie feeling he could see inside my head.

“Please,” I said, clearing my throat. “Can you please send me to Heaven?”

“Trust me,” said the Devil, “we’ll have much more fun down here. You look like someone that used to be a leader. I could use a second in command, someone to keep questions to a minimum. And the best part is there’s only a single interview question.” His smile widened, a mess of jagged teeth parting as he spoke. 

“Tell me. What did you do to end up in Hell?”