Donald comes running out of the bathroom shouting: darling!!! darling!!! You wont believe it!!! His wife Josephine replies: i dont want to see the size of your shit this morning, im not in the mood! Donald still super excited says: no its not that, i fell into another dimension and. Josephine interupts: sounds like you fell alright! Fell and hit your head! Youre talking nonsense! Donald replies: just listen i was there for 1000 years during what was only seconds in this dimension and i built a life for us there. I want you to come back with me! Josephine sniggers: it took you 1000 years to build a life, sounds about right because you are 42 years old and you've certainly done nothing with this life! Donald turns red with anger: you know in this dimension i could've had any girl i wanted but i remained faithful for 1000 years! Josephine laughs out loud: sounds like quiet a dream you had! I dont have time for this nonsense. I have to get to work. Josephine turns and starts walking out of the room. Donald follows yelling: it wasnt a dream, listen we have to go, the portal is going to close any minute now!! Josephine ignores donald and leaves the room slamming the door behind her. Donald hears his name being called from the bathroom. He enters and sees a few beautiful women peering out through a portal. One of the woman says: where is your wife, the portal will close in 30 seconds and wont open again for another 1000 years. Donald replies: she isnt coming, she thinks im a fool and a loser. The beautiful women wraps her arm around him and says: ive known you for almost 1000 years, you are certainly no loser and what kind of fool could build a multi billion dollar life for themselves! Lets get back to that life, the girls are waiting. Donald replies: you know what youre right, its her loss. Im going to go back and keep on building on that life. Who knows maybe one day i could become president! The beautiful women replies: yes, lets go, but first, you wont be needing this anymore. She reaches towards donalds hand and removes his wedding ring. She tosses it in the trash can by the sink as they walk through the portal and it closes behind them.