I spiraled into a deep depression when Susan left me; one where I could no longer get out of bed to show up to work. Shortly after being fired from my job, I lost my house, and moved in with my well-off brother and his wife. They didn't have any children, so at first, they didn't mind taking me in and feeding me. After about a year of living off of them, my brother decided that if I'm going to continue living there. I need to get a job. He sat behind me as I wrote up a resume, and he sent it to several places that were hiring. I wasn't ready to work, but I also wasn't ready to confess to my brother that I have completely given up on life at the moment. So what to do other than botch the interview?
I got up right around 11 in the morning, just in time to roll out of bed, and catch the bus to the office I was interviewing at. I slapped on my old college sweater, my finest cargo shorts, knee high black socks, and the most luxurious sandals in my small collection. 
I would have arrived on time, but I didn't want to get hungry mid-interview, so I stopped at Chipotle and got a burrito. I jammed it into the front pocket of my sweater, and figured I'd have at it whenever I was struck with hunger. 
I arrived to the office and checked in with the receptionist. She quickly became snotty when she informed me that I was 15 minutes late, and that she would need to check in with the boss to see if they would proceed with the interview. She left to go speak with him, and arrived back shortly, saying, "Alright, he's ready for you." She led me to his small office. As I opened the door; the boss didn't stand or even greet me. He looked down at his papers and excused the receptionist. 
He peeled his eyes from his desk and eyed me up and down with utter disdain. 
"You've got a lot of nerve showing up here like that."
I replied by taking the burrito out of pocket, and beginning to eat it while still standing at the door. 
"Ole' Penn State... I'm a Stanford man ya' know..." 
With a mouthful of burrito, I exclaimed, "That must mean I'm the smart one then."
He let out a rouceous laugh and invited me to sit. I declined the offer; explaining that I'd prefer to stand, as my alpha status doesn't allow me to put myself in a submissive position. 
The boss stood from his desk, put his head down and in hushed tones he said, "I'm glad you've made your position here clear. I myself am not a passive man, and as such, I respect your claim to dominance. But I will in no way abide to it. If you ever try to make me your bitch, I promise you, blood will flow through the halls of this office like rivers of red." He came around from behind his desk, "Come with me." As he passed by me, he grabbed the burrito from my hands and began to eat it. He opened the door, and I followed behind. What else was I supposed to do? I was in shock as to what has occurred. 
We went through the office building without uttering a single word to one another; through the halls, down the stairs, and ultimately to the parking lot. He had taken a few more bites out of my burrito on the way down, but when we got to the middle of the parking lot, he spiked it. He wound up his arm, and with half the burrito remaining, he slammed it to the pavement like a football. He loosened the tie from his neck, rolled up his sleeves, and calmly said to me, "Now is your chance to prove yourself, tough guy. Lets see who the real big shot is..."
He stepped up to me with his arms spread out wide like an eagle, "Come on alpha... lets see who you really are."
I began to speak for the first time since I initially told him I'm the alpha. My lips and body weren't working though, so I only managed to let out something that was somewhere in between and apology and a quiver. 
The boss, still in my face, lightly laughed to himself. "That's what I thought." 
There was a few moments of silence I attempted to break, "I think it's time for me to..." 
"Stop. Talking." He cut me off. "Bathe in my strength; feel the epinephrine fill your veins, and let your mind consider the things I could do to you."
I did as I was told. He spent the next minute an inch from my face; staring into my soul. 
He began speaking again, "You're afraid. I can feel it. It's not me that you're afraid of, no. It's this moment. You don't know what to do. You let yourself become my bitch, and you did as you were told, because you didn't know what would happen. And because I am not afraid of this moment, I have complete control over you. I am your daddy." 
He backed off slightly and put his hand on my shoulder; "But when I looked into your eyes; I saw a strength that's not human. I saw something unreal; something that would make the strongest men feint at it's presence. I saw a true alpha-male. A lord of all things natural. I can teach you how to harness it... you start on Monday. I am your master, you are my pupil. You are not to tell anyone of our arrangement; just stick to your desk, look busy, and I will call you into my office when the time is right."
He left. 
I'm not sure what the fuck happened; but I guess I got the job. 
