First came the voices, inaudible phantoms babbling in my mind. 
Then, the spikes of pain that left me wishing that the virus would just kill me

It was the pills, had to have been. The last batch had seemed of somehow, a variation in taste that hadn't seemed important at the time. 
Well, it seemed rather important right now.
As my vision blurred, the concrete of my appartment cieling lost its distinct cracks and pores, becoming a homogenous, lifeless sea of gray, and my mind turned inwards as the voices grew louder, more distinct.

"WhAT YOu ReQuiRE?"

Good question, that. What DID i want? Right now, floating in the dephts of my subconcious, knowing what the hell was going on seemed like a good option. Getting some sort of grip on my situation also seemed prudent at the moment.

"KnoWLEdGe. CoNTroL. InTEnt."

And suddenly i felt it, the disease within me, writhing and twisting as it reformed my flesh according to my wish. Eyes grew from the tendrils that sprouted from my back, my body warped into something different, and the hair now covered me from demformed head to toe started to pick up vibrations. I could HEAR with my furr. 
The few ministry cars outside, no doubt on some important mission for the emperor, the various people in the appartment complex, huddling around their fires to escape the numbing cold of the outside world, a distinct lack of the sound of marching, as if the Ministry's forces were avoiding the area, and most importantly, the sound of a hushed conversation in the distance.

"-i expect you to perform flawlessly after this blunder, Andersen."

"naturally, ma'am. I am deeply sorry"

"sorry doesn't cut it, Andersen. This is the royal nectar we're talking about. If you hadn't executed the guy who mixed it up before he gave us the Drone-type pill ID of the peon that got it we'd been here 3 days ago! can you imagine what would have happened if some factory worker turned into a Knight-class and set the surrounding Drones on us? it's the middle of the Drone-district, there has to be millions of dirty commoners here!"

"y-yes, i understand! Words cannot describe my regret, ma'am!"

"*sigh*, well, no harm done, Andersen. The gestationperiod of a Knight is around a week, so we still have plenty of time. Just order the stormtroops to advance, so we can be done with this farce. I'll continue witholding this from the higher-ups"

"Thank you ma'am. Alright, you heard the Colonel, enter the building!!!"

It seemed like i had gained some useful information along with the knowledge of an imminent enemy ambush. I stretched my mind outwards, reaching for the hundreds of people around me, and felt their minds override, turning into loyal servants of the hive. My hive. 
The enemy expected a single Knight in the middle of metamorphosis, and were equipped for such. What they did not expect was a newly born Emperor, a title i hadn't understood the significance of until now, and it was time to show them, and the world, what I could do.