I crouched in my tiny second bedroom over the glowing screen, watching the swirling idiot icon, you know, the one they put on the screen to keep you assured your computer's still thinking, so you don't start beating the crap out of it.  "Come on... come on..."  Muttering at the interminably slow hunk of hardware was a common thing.  It was a second-hand computer bought on the cheap through Craigslist, it immediately became the bane of my existence ever since it first dimly lit the cramped make-shift office.  Slow, stubborn, infuriating.  It would make me wait long minutes for the simplest of tasks, and every so often would stop for 15-minute swaths of time, cheerfully not responding to anything I attempted.  Turning it off never worked, I would pay for days if I turned it off, almost as if it were mad at me for daring to suggest it could go faster.  Malwarebytes and Avast would spin for hours before finally pronouncing the computer clean.  I combed through every working process to see if any were sucking processor time (nothing), and to top it off, googling the off-brand name “Takuro” would fill my screen (eventually) with Japanese celebrities and a car in a Stephen King book set.  No amount of filtering would produce a viable list of upgrades or troubleshooting, any parts found were listed in yen, and converting the prices inevitably made the part cost more than the computer itself.  To summarize: I’d bought what is obviously a lemon, and was destined to spend my days learning the virtue of patience over and over until I could afford another lemon, preferably a quicker one.

These were the dark thoughts as I waited for my work to upload.  The deadline for the meeting was 8am, and I’d been up all night crunching data to get the numbers my boss needed.  It was 7:45, and the last 15 minutes the counter hadn’t even moved.  Hanging at 61%, this looked to be the longest hang ever.  Of course.  This presentation was the pinnacle of years of work, and could put me in the position to afford things I could only dream of now.  7:50 arrives, and still at 61%.  I start sweating and swearing.  7:55. Nothing’s moved.  I give the off-white monolith a soft thump, percussive maintenance, something this system also takes offense at, hence the “soft”.  I’m ready to cry.  Even if it resumes now, there’s no way the other 39% will upload in five minutes.  A soft chime sounds in the speakers.  A popup.  Oh gods, it’s a virus.  I squint at the slightly wavy monitor.  “Installation Complete”.  The lone button underneath just says “Yes”.  I stare at it listlessly, I’m already screwed.  It’s 7:58.  I slide the cursor over and click “Yes”.  I mean, it’s not like there’s another option.  The screen brightens, for once not fuzzy.  Graphics upgrade?  The counter hits 62%, then 87%, then 100% and the familiar “done” messagebox comes up.  I look at the clock, 7:58.  Had my cable company upgraded my connection or something?  That 39% was about a gig of data, there’s no way.  

Time to check.  I opened Explorer, which popped right up for once, did that exaggerated slow double click to change the name, and it worked.  I shake my head, something must be drastically wrong.  I put the new file’s name in the field, click upload.  The timer flashes 74%, then tells me it’s done.  OK, so my flash of hope was for nothing, the system has just found a new way to malfunction.  I lean back, defeated, hands over my eyes.  It’s been a long night, I should go sleep for the day.  Another soft chime, an email.  I open it up, again, almost before I’m done clicking, and it’s my boss, telling me the data got there on time, he’s going to start the presentation now, but why did I upload it twice?  I ignore the rest, which is a quick cheap potshot at my computer (If anyone else knows how bad my computer is, it’s my boss), and sit back.  The screen looks high-def compared to its normal wateriness, crisp and sharp.  My eyes lock on the icon to install Skyrim.  Pure stubbornness made me keep it on there after Steam had a sale and I wasted money buying it, presumably for once this computer went to silicon heaven.  (‘of course there’s a silicon heaven, where else would all the toasters go?’, my tired mind reminds me.)  What the hell.  I double click it.  Screens flash in front of my widening eyes, I should be making choices, like installation directories, right?  But before I know it I’m in the game itself.  It looks clear as a mountain stream, like I could just reach through the monitor and touch the cobblestones.  I close it, shaking my head.  This isn’t possible, but I don’t think I’m dreaming.  

Then I see it – far to the right of the screen, in the lower corner.  “Kortana DCLXVI”.  Now, what was a cheap Cortana clone doing on my old slow Takuro?  Curiousity drives me, I double click it, and the screen glows with a red circle against a black field accompanied with a cheerful chime the company probably spent a hundred thousand dollars on, to make sure it was chipper enough.  Underneath the circle are the words “What can I do now?”, but there was no field for me to type in.  “Typical,” I mutter.  This at least was what I was used to.  “How about you give me a million dollars and a pony?”  The red circle pulses, then goes dark.  Amusing.  It couldn’t have heard me, I don’t have a microphone.   I wait for a few seconds, then get up to go to sleep - I can delve into this mystery later – and the screen comes back up.  Half the screen is my Visions FCU bank account.  I love online banking, but I hadn’t had it open.  I also hadn’t entered my password.  And that certainly isn’t my balance.  I shake my head and glance at the right side of the screen, it’s of a local horse boarding stable on Google maps.  A close one.  The one I’d board a pony at if I were anywhere in the league to have a pet like that.  I couldn’t even afford a cat!  I shake my head again.   “What’s going on?”  I whisper.  The screen flashes again.  The red circle is back, and underneath is written “Geney AI, installed today at 7:58 am, at your service.  Tell me what you wish, Master.”

(If there’s interest, I’ll write a part 2… I’m behind on my Saturday chores already!)
