“Hawaii has 10 of the worlds 14 climate zones,” reads a worn pamphlet caught under some fallen eucalyptus leaves. They caked the ground, and cluttered the forest floor amongst most of the flora and fauna that comprised the woods of the big island. Those rainbow eucalyptus had beautiful, vibrant trunks of pastel red, blue, and green. Almost as fantastical as the creatures that crawled from snow covered peaks to the volcanic soil being lapped at by warm waves off the coast. 

“This isn’t right,” said the first of the landing crew.

“It’s right, it’s just highly unlikely,” said the second tugging on the lapel of his uniform.

They surveyed the land, brushing aside the dense vines hanging from branches above and walked to the nearest ridge, overlooking an active volcano. Magma became lava, reaching the earth spouting from rifts in the black ground, pouring into the ocean. Steam rose and bellowed against the blue skies.

“Well science be damned,” said the uniformed alien looking back at his wide-eyed companion, checking where his heavy boots sunk halfway into mud. Insects crawled from mud to crevice, escaping the invaders, striding over their homes. “ Landing crew to mothership,” he spoke into the communicator on his collar. “You won’t believe this.” 

“What is it landing crew?” spoke a crystal-clear almost mechanical voice in the communicator.

“I’m observing at least 10 biomes,” he replied into devise.

“Is this a monthly report, captain?”

“No, this is here. Right now, I’m looking at, at least seven of them.”

There was a pause and then, “unbelievable. You must be mistaken, landing crew.”

“I said you wouldn’t believe it,” he followed purplexed. “Look,” he said, taking the communicator and holding it due North, still, until a mechanical voice chimed… “image captured; image sent.”

“Image received,” said the voice on the other line. Another pause. “We’ll be taking this to the admiral.” A third pause, “we will postpone bombardment.”

“Confirmed,” said the captain, reattaching the communicator to his lapel. 
