"So," Mike began, "God is driving back to America from a vacation in Mexico, when he comes to a border checkpoint and pulls the car to a stop. An officer peers into the vehicle, and sees that God is wearing a long grey trench coat. Odd for this kind of weather, the cop thinks. God's grey eyebrows furrow nervously, 'Anything wrong, Officer?'"

Jay rolled his eyes at Mike.

"What?"

"You've told it me before. It's the--"

"Humor me," snapped Mike.

"It'd be nice if you would humor me, for once."

Mike glared at his drinking companion. 

Jay raised his hands in surrender. "Alright, alright. So, God said, 'Anything wrong, Officer?'"

Mike chewed his lip a moment, studying Jay's eyes before continuing. "'Routine check, Father,' says the cop, spitting onto the floor. 'Been reports about smugglers crossing the border with copious amounts of tequila that's been blessed by the high priests of the Sierra Madre.'

"'Tequila?' says God in mock shock. 'That's terrible!'

"'It's not so bad with a lime and a pinch of salt,' says the cop. 

"God nods, but the cop sees the tell-tale snail-trail of nervous sweat trickling down the old man's forehead. The cop peers hard at God, his eyes and flashlight slowly roaming down the trench coat. About where God's chest should be, one of the buttons is missing, and in the darkness between the folds, he sees two bright eyes peering out.

"'Who's that with you?' says the cop, suddenly alert.

"God sighs. 'That's just my son, Jesus. He likes to snuggle up on these long journeys.' 

"'You think I'm an idiot?' The cop pulls his gun. 'I know smugglers when I see them. Get out of the car. Now!'

"God hops out of the car and stands by the side of it. 

"'Unbutton your coat,' demands the cop.

"'How did you know?' sighs God, pulling his coat apart, revealing Jesus balancing beneath him on a giant bottle of tequila.

"'Easy,' says the cop. 'When I saw the Father, then the Son, I knew the holy fucking spirit couldn't be too far away.'"

"Christ," said Jay, shaking his head.

---

Thank you for the gold!!


