It's like Overwatch, except all is pay-to-win. There are all these options to buy upgrades and even buy downgrades before the game starts. Both teams of 6 players each have 5 minutes to spend a minimum of $50 USD each to upgrade themselves or downgrade the enemy team.

You might get the Aimbot level 3 upgrade for your sniper. But the enemy might get the Blur level 4 downgrade, making it harder to focus on targets.

You might not buy the Ultimate Charge upgrade, but your enemy might downgrade your Ult Charge by 20% for $120 USD.

The games only last about 20 minutes, but it's all fair. Like in real life, money wins. If you have more money you have more firepower. It's as simple as that.

But there's been a recent development. There are people who buy no upgrades and don't even invest in downgrading the enemy team. They take the default weapons and... just play the game for FREE.

There's this one guy who manages to work a bow and arrow by knowing exactly how the Blur or Fade or Misalign debuffs work. He will estimate the level of each debuff and then alter his aim. Most of his shots are pure head shots.

Some weeks ago we had a problem with a team of these guys. They took a full map by surprise by using in-game flying vehicles to bombard our home base. Our home base full of our financial investments. It was terrible.

The entire economy collapsed and we had to step up our game. We invested millions of Dollars to fund a strike force against the team of 6. We did the only thing that was fair: we brought 2104 gamers to fight their team of 6.

It still took us about 12 years to finally track down their leader and kill him. We spent over 500 billion US Dollars in the process, but the threat was removed. We invaded thousands of servers and managed to take away everything these so-called skilled players loved. 

We label them terrorists now. And we've been at war with them for a long time. Things have been calming down with our previous leadership. He was a sensible person, working towards a peaceful ending and making sense of our finances again.

But we have a new leader now. We call him Agent Orange.