“If I knew you were coming, I’d a baked a cake, baked a cake, if I knew you were coming, I’d a baked a cake—-!”  The air shook.  I nearly dropped my wooden spoon.

FWHOOOOOMP!!! 

My kitchen was suddenly filled with a horrid sulfurous smell that, for once, was not me.  A glowing red pentagram was ruining my linoleum, and it contained, at its center a humanoid made of glowing red rock.

“Yeah?  Whaddayawant??”  He took out a cigar, touched it to his forehead, and took a big drag.

“Who in the hell are you?”

“Bake Tacake, though I’m that wherever I am, hyaw hyaw hyaw!”

“Are you a demon? Did I summon you by singing that incomprehensibly archaic oldie?”

“Ahhhh, Eileen Barton.  She and drunken karaoke are responsible for most of my visits to Earth!  I’ll have to mention it to her.  So, let’s get down to business.  I can do you one favor in exchange for one favor from you.  Whaddayagot?”

“I was just making a cake for my husband Fred’s birthday.  Can you do that or can I ask for a billion dollars?”

“Well, I’m forbidden from making currency or conjuring gold and stuff because one of my colleagues runs the Federal Reserve, but I happen to be the finest cakesmith in the seventeen realms!”  He rapidly finished his cigar and took out another.

“What are the seventeen realms?”

“Oh, you know, Earth, Heaven, Hell, Heck, Limbo, Purgatory, Blazes, Sacred Path, Blessed Grove, Tundra of Many Seals, Grand Pyramid Of Disappointed Pharaohs, Hell 2: Lawyers Only,  Mexican Heaven, France, Mary’s House, Tir Na Nagog, And Town Fair Tire.”

“Mexico has its own Heaven?”

“Yeah, great food there, and sorry, there’s only sixteen realms.  I get paid for that last one.  Let’s see your batter.”  I showed him the bowl and the box.

“Ugh, box mix.  You can do better for batter.  Let’s get crackin’.”  He drank the bowl full of batter, then rinsed it off in the sink.  Next, he was a blur in the kitchen, getting out flour, baking powder, butter, sugar, and other ingredients.  At one point, he summoned a lemon out of nowhere to zest the rind!  I was most impressed by his ability to turn down his own heat so he didn’t cook the stuff as he was mixing it.

In the end, I had a towering three layer cake, with lemon frosting and strawberries, with buttercream roses and vines, though I protested that roses don’t grow on vines.  He said it looked better than stalks.

“Well, there are, kiddo.  You won’t find a better cake anywhere.”

“Thank you!  This looks amazing!”

“Now it’s time for my favor in exchange.”

“Oh, well, what do you want?  I’m a married woman.”

“There’s a strip club one town over with a buffet.  I want to go.  I want three lap dances and some spending money for the main stage.”

“Oh, okay.  I suppose so.  This cake is amazing and it’s for my husband’s birthday.  I suppose I’m getting off easy.”

“Me, too!”

And so we went to Mr Howdy’s, a Gentleman’s club.  Bake had his lap dances, a modicum of funds for the girls at the stage, and the surprisingly good buffet, where I tried Shrimp Rangoon for the first time.  It was very good.  And that’s how we ran into you Fred!  You’re busted!