I was just sitting on my computer that day, bored as always,at the time it seemed like any other day even though today I know now that it wasn't. Either way in the evening everything changed and with a bang.They came in through the door with a **Boom** and a crash as my flimsy front door was thrown off the hinges, and before i could even stand up a group of guns and body armor came storming into my bedroom, the SWAT team sent to well at the time i didn't know why they were sent but my goal now is to tell you my story so no one ever has to do this again.


The first thing i remember are these 13 words.

“Sir i'm going to have to advise you to put these in quickly”.


 Said one of the 10 heavily armed men as he handed me two earplugs. They then started to focus on the window and door not on me. Being so confused as to why a SWAT team would break into my house to protect me i but the earplugs and listened to the officer as he advised me to turn off my computer and get under my desk as they take up defensive around my room. That's when the silence fell and i heard well a semi truck which makes no sense since i live in well in the middle of nowhere. And i hear boots and yelling in some foreign language. That's when i heard one of the officers say “here they come.” And that's when it happened, gunshots start to get exchanged on both sides. Well it wasn't pretty blood was splattered, bodies fell, and smoke and the smell of gunpowder filled the air. After 5 minutes of sporadic gunfire finally with only 3 of the original 10 team members remaining when one of them say “let's go Commander” looking at me.

“Commander? I'm a fry cook at a restaurant what are you talking about.”

“Never mind now we have an escape route ready it's time to move.”

We then proceed to move outside where there is dead body's and pools of blood all over the ground with a big semi and a huge trailer that had a skull within a circle printed on the side of it. That's when a noticed a helicopter in a clearing around 100 yards away from the house. We start sprinting with the three guys remaining in spearhead with me in the center. Towards the unmarked helicopter which appeared to be a Black hawk complete with two Vulcan mini guns on the side. As we get close the doors open and we get in. Once we start to lift and everyone is strapped in and look at me. They then said the last thing i ever expected them too. 

“Alright Commander what is are our next orders.

-




Hope you guys liked it that was my second post ever so any feedback would be appreciated.
