I was guided to a blank white room by one of the greeting angels on the other side of Heavens gate. There was a single wooden chair in the center of the room. 

"Go on, it will only be a minute before they get here to greet you." the angel said gesturing towards the old rickety chair.

I approached the center of the room and eased down on the chair with caution. A loud creek emitted from the chair as I leaned back to try and make myself as comfortable as I could.

I was welcomed with a screen of sorts appearing on the wall in front of me. I became uneasy. My mind raced and raced wondering what they could possibly show me from my time on earth and who I had caused the most pain. I was never an angry or violent guy. I avoided confrontation and never let my voice be heard unless I was very passionate about my feelings on the subject. I had felt guilty because of picking on kids in my school when I was young and it haunted me for my whole time on earth. Maybe I can finally apologize to them. 

It wasn't that at all.

The screen began playing scenes from my life. Me as a toddler playing in the inflatable pool with my cousins which I had always seen on my mothers childhood home movies she recorded of me. It moved to my school days. Those dark, dark times as I progressed through middle and high school, which followed my joyous elementary days. The contrast was almost laughable how quickly things turned bad for me. Some of the repressed memories I forgot willingly, or unwillingly jolted my mind and made me  remember them.

It of course had to show the lowest points in my life. The time I came an inch away from swallowing a bottle of my prescription medicine to end the pain. The same time emotional breakdowns were the normal every day event. I had always  been depressed as my life progressed, but seeing this as a sort of out of body experience made me feel sick. However, the screen kept time progressing at a leisurely pace. The death of my childhood dog which wrecked my emotions yet again. The countless times I had my heart and mind broken by those who used me for my body and time. The people who were close to me that made me feel hurt by tasteless jokes to which I would respond with a nervous smile. 

"Why me?" I asked myself.

The footage ended with a black screen. I didn't quite understand. I didn't see any consistent person in all of the footage that appeared. Maybe it was just psychological damage I had caused that person in one of the scenes and it had carried over.

It was psychological damage alright, but not what I was expecting.

The white wall seemed to open to form a door, followed by a person walking through and closing it behind them.

They looked at me and raised their arms in a sort of disappointed 'well, here you are' fashion. I knew who it was as it walked through that door, but I didn't want to believe it. It made the most sense though. I hadn't ever been out for blood or revenge of anyone I had come in contact with, even those who abused me. This person abused me more than I ever realized.

"Well, what did you expect you idiot?" the victim berated me. "What the hell were you thinking? Those who loved you are hurting just like *we* did, and you don't care?"

"I-I'm sorry" I muttered

"Yeah...me too. Our dreams, our ambitions, our plans to make a better life for us, gone! You decided you wanted to be selfish and pull the trigger! What about me, huh? What about me...our happiness? Even though I didn't get many chances to shine I was still inside you. You were never emotionally dead like you said you were, because I didn't give up like you did!" my doppelgangers voice grew louder and louder. 

I covered my ears and put my head into my chest, trying not to lose control and bawl my eyes out.

"I'm sorry. I was sick of wanting to drift away in my sleep. I was sick of trying to find something that made life interesting again...I wanted to find contentment."

"Well, you blew it. You never achieved our dreams even though our life revolved around making them happen." he shook his head and let out a long breath through his pursed lips. "Well, you accomplished one thing, you wanted to meet god. Was it worth it? Or would you rather have lived your life and met him at the end of your actual life span?"

"I'm sorry..." I muttered once more.

"Save it. It's too late....Well, go. I'm done with you. Go reconnect with your loved ones who have passed before you. The rest are still on earth. You'll see them soon. Some sooner than you think..."

He walked out the way he came and the door shut again. His parting words struck a chord in me. Did he mean what I thought he meant? The *"sooner than you think"* comment, was he hinting that others may follow the path I did? I began to weep until more tears followed and the familiar sense of helplessness washed over me. The door opened yet again. I looked up through teary eyes to see two people this time...

