“We know you’re in there, Peters!” Three heavy fists pounded on the door. Occasionally a heavier slam pounded against the door. The door was sturdy, but after each slam into the door I heard splintering of wood. Something was going to break and the thugs would have me.

“Oh boy. What have I got myself into now?” I whispered to myself. Nervously, I tapped my hand on the wall behind me. Once. Twice. Three times, four. A slight smile grew across my face as I felt the strange magic take over again.

The world around me flashed bluish white for a moment, then as the world took shape around me again, I realized I was just two blocks away from my previous position. A young girl cowered in the alley to my left. Two men stood over her and, judging by their display of gang tattoos and colors, were associated with the same thugs that were beating a door down to hurt me.

I turned on my heels to run away, but could only take a few steps before I heard one of them speak. “Me first, then you can take over and I will hold her down. Then we can finish her off and hide the body.”

I shook my head. I wanted to keep going but I was already heading into the alley. “Hey! Leave her alone.”

The two thugs turned to me. After looking me over, they laughed and pulled out knives. “If you knew what was good for you, you would turn around and forget you saw anything.”

“Or, now that I have seen your faces, I can turn you in to the authorities and live happy for the rest of my life.” My stomach rolled nervously. In my head I knew that if they caught me, I would never make it to any authorities.

They looked at each other, seriously now, and ran toward me, knives ready.

I managed to scream before running my own way. “Run, girl, run!” I took to the streets, trying to lead the two thugs as far away from that alley as I could. I went down another alley, one that didn’t have a way out. “I must be crazy!” I breathed to myself.

I came to a stop at the end of the alley and the two thugs had already cut off my only exit. “You’re done for.” The bigger of the two said.
“Yeah. It seems the rat fell into a little trap.” Replied the other.

“Look guys, we can talk about this.” I continued to step back, playing into their feeling of success. My back pressed against the wall behind me.

“That’s what got you here in the first place, wanting to go and talk.”

First tap.

“Well, fellas...” Second tap, “I really should be going.”
Third tap. The world around me grew silent. I could still see the two thugs in front of me, but the rest of the world started to fade away. Their expressions changed from cocky pride to intense desperation. The smaller fellow threw his knife in my direction as I tapped the last and final tap.

In the space of white transition, I felt a sharp pain in my abdomen. I had never been one for pain or blood, so when this intense pain struck me, I promptly fainted.

I awoke inside a hospital. Except this hospital wasn’t like any I had seen before. My hands and feet were strapped in. A doctor stood at the end of my bed.

“Ah, Mr. Peters. You almost got away from us. But you chose the wrong door.” The doctor smiled and grabbed a syringe from his tray. “That door led to an isolation chamber. The nurses tried to break the door down, but luckily, I came and unlocked the door. You won’t be running from us again Mr. Peters.”

He stuck the syringe in my neck as I writhed away the best I could.  Things became peaceful again. First tap.