The look on the officer's face was that of skepticism and a dash of fear, both stemming from the same thought in his mind.

"Oh geez, ma'am. I, uh, the coroner must have identified the wrong person," Officer Roberts stumbled over the words as his face flushed. "I'm so sorry about this. Can we talk to, ah, your husband for a sec? Just for our report since there's obviously been a mistake." 

My face was the embodiment of the relief that I felt. I don't think I was ever that terrified in my entire life, but mistakes happen. "Ah, yea, sure; someone else'll certainly wanna know if their husband is in that morgue." I turn on my heel, nudging the door further open as I turn, and begin to lead the officers into the hallway.

"N-nice place you got here, ma'am," Officer Roberts said as he stepped through the threshold. Hesitating, he turned around to look at his cruiser parked in front of the house and waved his partner to come in. As the door opened and closed with a crisp smack, another officer trotted up the sidewalk. The two murmured to each other for a few seconds. I waited, my eyes on them but my heart already ahead of me in the kitchen.

*I'm so glad they were wrong* 

The two officers entered behind me into the kitchen, greeted by my husband chopping vegetables on a large oak cutting board. He turned and his eyes widened as he first looked at me and then two the police officers. "W-what's going on?" he stammered. 

"Evening to ya sir, my name is Officer Roberts with the Los Atmos police department. Our coroner accidentally identified a recently deceased person as you and, ah, as we can see you're pretty alive!" The way Officer Roberts raised his voice at the end was like that of a child, almost reassuring himself. "We're extremely sorry for the mix up sir."

"No, no, that's alright," Ron, my husband, interjected.

"If you could just show us your ID to verify your identity and that way we can report it properly to the coroner and get this mess taken care of. Ok?"

"Sure," Ron replied, setting the knife down and wiping his hands on his apron. 

At the mention of the ID, I had stepped out of the room to grab Ron's wallet from the hallway table. As Ron got to the entrance of the hallway I met him and handed it over. Dark, worn leather, soft from his pockets. I remember buying this for him nearly 10 years ago. 

Ron removed his ID from the wallet and casually handed it over to Officer Roberts while his partner stood opposite of him, arms crossed. He hadn't made a peep this entire time with somewhat of a scowl on his face. Roberts looked the ID over and sheepishly glanced up at Ron to verify his face. Roberts' cheeks flushed as he flicked his arm back to Ron, returning the ID. 

"Yep, definitely you!" a little too loud. "Again, I'm, ah, really sorry sir. You two have a great night and I'll get this cleaned up at the precinct."

"No, no, it's no problem. Ha ha, I'm just happy to be alive 'n all!" Ron said, wiping his hands again. This time it was out of habit as if he could wipe the feeling of discomfort off his hands.

At that, I ushered the officers back down the hallway, although they seemed more anxious to leave than I was to see them go. They set a pace of long strides as they cleared the hallway and opened the door. We said our goodbyes, another apology, and then they were gone. As I shut the door a deep tension seemed to fill the air. 

*Just my nerves* I thought to myself as a warbly feeling of anxiety crashed over my body. I started to walk back down the hallway to the kitchen.

As I entered, the tension deepened and I could hear this muffled ringing in my ear. My heartbeat increased. Ron was standing with his back to me in front of the sink, his arms outstretched on either side propping him up. "Well, that was interesting..." I said, the words trailing before my thought even came out. He didn't say anything. 

Talking quickly, I followed with, "I sure hope they figure out whose body that was because, man, that'd be stressful to lose someone and not be able to find their body." No response. Another shot of adrenaline to my heart.

"Babe?" I nearly whispered. A feeling of frightening cold crept into my bones. The feeling of terror I got from the false news earlier was nothing compared to this overwhelming sense of dread I felt now. He slowly started turning towards me.

"We need to go. Now." His voice was flat, distant, and empty. 

"W-what?" 

"We need to go, NOW!" he boomed. My heart thumped.

"W-wha...why? What's wrong?"

"Jessica, listen to me, we need to leave right now. I don't have time to explain. Just listen to me and get some stuff to last a few days," Ron said as his eyes narrowed and he looked from the back windows to the front door.

"Ron, I don't know what the hell is going on but I'm not goin' anywhere until you explain what the fuck is happening!" I screamed, all auspices of a collected nature gone to instinct. My chest was heaving as breath after breath rose and fell. I could feel my heart beat in my ears, a low throbbing. Mixed with the sick background pitch in the air I was nauseous. 

Ron sighed, moved to another side of the countertop, looked at me, then looked down. "You don't remember, do you?" 

A look of disgusted inquiry flashed across my face as he looked back up. Instantly, he looked away. "I..." he trailed.

"Look, there are some things I'm going to say that aren't going to make sense, and I don't have time to fully explain. Hell, this is going to make things so much harder but... you deserve to know. I can't continue living this lie." 

My heart was beating out of my chest, face flushed, body in fight or flight mode. I felt like I was about to drop dead any moment.

"Do you remember when I took that contract with DARPA before we moved here?" 

*Of course I did*

"Yes..." I replied.

"DARPA hired me to figure out how to create a new type of soldier. A doctor before me—Dr. Greenbaum I believe—has been working on a type of mind altering state in order to induce a better sense of prowess on the battlefield. My job as a bioengineer was to use epigenetics to help create better organs and serums that could carry more oxygen, helping soldiers on a biological level. Even though I never met him, together with his research our group hoped we could alter the minds and bodies of soldiers. But..."

"What the hell does this mean Ron? I don't give a damn about soldiers or battles!" 

"I know, I know. It's what I did. We didn't just stop there," he paused, squinting his eyes in mental anguish. "We created *things* Jess, fucking things that you wouldn't believe." He wiped his hands on his apron again. 

"We started splicing pieces of DNA together and awakening genes that we didn't know the purpose of. Eventually we mastered it and were able to not only create entire beings from scratch but we could upload their minds into a central computer, allowing the same soldier to travel across the world to fight, or spies to seamlessly be in two countries nearly simultaneously."

He paused. The moments ticked by like small eternities. 

"We're... we're not real Jess." 

The same look of sick inquiry projected from my face. 

"What does that even mean Ron? Of course we're real! We're right here!"

"No, hon, we're not real. We're not human. Well we are, partially. Part of the experiment was to create life and you were one of my creations. We wanted to create something that could infiltrate any area and interact without even being aware of who they were until they were activated. I, I don't know..." he trailed off as tears came to his eyes.

I was speechless, rooted in place by overwhelming emotions too complex for words. I stood, staring, unable to believe the words I was hearing.

"They were going to KILL you Jess! Kill us! My partners and I realized that there was a plan to murder us after we perfected the serums and procedures. So I used the serum on myself and my techie friend figured out a way to copy the server. It's on a website now, we can literally log into it. The biggest problem was being able to...grow them. The bodies. Grow us, to put the minds back into. I *did* die, Jess, that was me. And they're going to know that for sure, very soon. That's why we need to go, now!"

"I, I don't... I don't know... Ron?" My body was weakening from this information overload. None of me believed this and I thought my husband had gone off the deep end. 

"Come on, Jess, we need to move now," Ron said sternly. 

"I-I-I CAN'T!" I screamed, pulling away from his hands as he reached out to grab my arm. "You're fucking crazy, Ron!"

The sadness he expressed was enough to stabilize me for a moment, long enough for him to say one last thing. "Fine, don't believe me, but I know your activation code. Just listen to this and you'll remember everything. Alpha, green, thirty-three, sun, flower, thirteen, omega, sigma."

The world faded away as a veil was lifted. 
