I had to admire his ruthless efficiency above all else. 

Starting from a farming nation, which had little industry, he'd turned the land in to an industrial monster, capable of enveloping all surrounding nations in to one glorious state. High standards of living were possible for all, food was plentiful etc. True mastermind. All this under the guise of temporary leadership at first, was a stroke of genius to convince everyone.

Only problem was, the emperor was a complete dick after gaining true power. No two ways about it. Food didn't get where it was needed, it went to the army and to the courts. That's about it. The modern luxuries such as electricity and medicine never really got far either, they too reached just the army and court. Outside, life was kind of shit. 
I was lucky, I could speak several languages, so worked my way in to the court to help with peace deals, and help communication with the new puppet states. Once these were annexed, I helped deal with the various factions still in existence, and now am basically trusted with everything. Would be the perfect opportunity to end this uneven nightmare once and for all.

Unfortunately, some of the remaining factions were making this rather hard. Toppling the emperor is something I've wanted for years, but to do it by razing grain stores in garrisons, and partisan actions to destroy infrastructure... things like this only go so far. Raze a garrisons food supply, they just steal it from the poor. Raze their infrastructure they hang a few locals. So many innocents die, for what gain? The roads are built back up by slaves quickly, many of which might also die. The emperor is also on edge, making killing him rather difficult. I managed to sneak out reforms, and allow electrification of garrisoned areas in the hope the Emperor would see it as pacifying the military. In actuality, I aimed the reforms to help local hospitals, to help the people. What do the Rebels do? Kill the construction crews, seeing it as a military expansion. They steal the equipment, and sell it to criminals to get weapons. Completely disastrous, undoing all my hard work.

The uneducated masses didn't see this, and the rebellion was taking hold. I spend years building a loyal cabal, ready to replace the emperor and turn this country in to a free and capable land, not some war torn mess. Food is no longer plentiful. Industry is collapsing. The world is leaving us behind. What do they do? Pick up hunting rifles and gun down the nearest policeman. March on the cities, stop working and grind everything to a halt. How does that help us recover in the slightest.

They even found some gallant prick of a leader, some young man with some sob story about his parents being killed by Empire soldiers. (For the noble crime of firebombing a police station. Those evil bastards in there, enforcing law and order, earning a wage for their family. How dare they, they deserved to burn clearly.)

What does this prick then do? March on the Capital. I was so close to deposing the Emperor, I had my loyal ministers in positions to take control of what was left of the industry, in places to stand down the army, to free political prisoners. In position to make this a peaceful transition. The Emperor was alone in his palace, most of us having fled. I'd got his guards on my side, the ones in the palace. Was time for my master stroke. 

But this morning I get a phone call. The rebels broke through, in to the palace. They overwhelmed the troops there (who I ordered to stand down should the situation get that far), and beat the emperor to death. I cheered originally at hearing the news, there is no-one deserving death more so than that vile man. But I was curious as to why I could still hear gunfire. I asked the sergeant I had stationed there to learn what was going on.

"The rebels are firing in to the sky, celebrating. They're ordering all factories to be handed over to the workers, all people appointed by the emperor to be shot or imprisoned. I've gotta go, it's too hot here now, they're killing us all. Out."

I pause for a good few minutes. What if they arrest or kill more of my allies? All that hard work for nothing. Peaceful transition can kiss itself good bye, the factions in the rebel alliance just lost their joint cause. They hate each other, I spent ages desperately attempting to get them to work together and it never bloody worked. What does an uneducated peasant know about running a factory? Or industry, or global trade. Especially if someone from the neighbouring state might benefit, the greater good can never be conceptualised by their small minds. 

It was no good. Ringing up the Chief of Staff, who had an office in a loyal area of the country, I had to take action. 

"Yes Minister?"

"General, as you might have heard, the Emperor is dead."

"I heard. My men are ready to stand down at your order."

"No General. Regroup south of the River. We have to sort this whole mess out. There's no good being a free country if nothing is left."

"Understood. What do you wish us to do with dissenters, the prisons are all under rebel control."

"Get them to work repairing the docks. They burned that whole area down, its their bloody fault. I know its dangerous, but we need to get food to that side of the country fast. I guess once you've cleared them out of the capital we can start imprisoning them and sorting them out from there."

"Roger that. I'll force them to work in the fields too, we've lost enough manpower. They also burned down our grain stores again, so I guess its karma. 3rd Army will arrive south of the river in roughly 2 days."

"Excellent General. We'll meet up and form a transitional Government when you get here, It'll be as before with me as head and the others leading their areas. For the good of the nation, we have to end this destructive rebellion."

"Understood Minister. For the good of the nation. Over and out."

I put the phone down, and turn to the window, seeing fires spreading and the sound of gunfire in the distance. Policemen being shot in the street. 

Under no circumstances would I let these bastards ruin my country. They will pay.