"You really think the mortgage will pay itself!" 
It was a funny thing to remember laying on that cold mattress with synthetic veins protruding my own. I'm so fuckin' doped up I can only make out these doctors as masked blurs. It could be because I'm at my last straw too, I can't go back. 
"Yeah, call the family, he's *bzzt* going to *bzzt* the  night." A muffled mans deep tone struck my ringing ears.
"f-...family?..." I murmured with confusion until they appeared.
A small girl crying gripping a mothers skirt. A father outside sipping his old bottle of honey liqueur and smoking a stogie with bad breathe no doubt. This was his fault he di-
"Urhurfgh ack" I coughed up some blood when he walked in, it made the two others jump back like always. 
"...leave" I mustered.
"Look whew it is! Big mouth boy ridin' his last chain! Ha! Izzunit funny how this worked out, now I'm not responsible fur it ya bum" Father stumbling in hiccuping throughout his speech in a room with no doctors.
"How longs it gonna be? Hm? You stole my friggun bike and look at hyou all battered like some flour, just the way we like it right honey?"
"Stop it Charlie! They said he won't make the night."
The faint smell of vodka couldn't be masked by the tobacco and honey, she was stiff as well simply playing a role. My poor sister, she can't conceive this all now, why'd they bring her?!
"Oh so you're a man now?!! You can just get up and leave like err man now?"
Smashing the bottle and leaping out of his wooden chair making the chair smash more glass. Each little shard smashing into my headache as he gets right in my face with his tobacco, crooked mouth. 
"I coulduv dun it already...when that floor was your face, don chyou forget about this scar." Running his crooked finger down my scalp. It went black and I saw only him towering over my heart beat.
"Just ya ma and your sister now! Gonna be a wild ride! Ha! You think it could work huh *hiccup* it wouldunt be weird huh? HaaaHa!" 
"Stop it! No!"
My screams turn into streams of gushing when I yell with collapsing lungs. Nothing like this, there must be another way. I'm fighting to go back but, it's fading.
----------------------
"Hello?" Said a pair of snapping fingers.
"Wake up, is he out of it yet? It's been the two decades he was sentenced to, hmph the *bzzt* program really works better than the torture ones."
"Did you say abuse program?" My eyes adjusting to a shameless white, it was a cloud.
"Ah yes Mr. Lewcus you're part of a rehabilitation program up here in, you guessed it heaven!"
"What?" I awoke to a beautiful blonde woman stroking my hair. Her piercing blue eyes gave me comfort but I couldn't really feel her hand touching me.
"You had a rough first trip down on soil! Most souls do y'know, I'm Klay, I'm the angel working in the abuse program this week!" She said it like it was nothing, she even did a little pose after introducing herself, I was freaked the fuck out and she could read it on my face.
"Let me explain, you were a great candidate! You only had two decades of repentance for what you did! You're record shows that you were an abusive father, so the big man thought this one would work!" She was still stroking my hair until she stopped at the back of my head where I could feel her fingertips finally.
"This one!" She exclaimed yanking a long spike from my psyche.
"Ahh what the hell?!"
"You guessed it!"

Fuck all y'all troll ending I gotta go to class maybe I'll continue dis ;D
