A new sign had appeared outside my office building while I worked. "The Smithsonian Museum of Ancient Weaponry- now open!" it said. Of course. I had been getting flyers about it taped to my door all week. I was interested in the new museum, of course I was- after all, who can pass up a visit to a new Smithsonian museum just after opening? I just hadn't found the time to get there yet. Or so I kept telling myself. I didn't want to go alone and nobody seemed to know what I was talking about when I asked them to go with me.

*Well,* I decided, *I do have the rest of the night free.* I pulled off my tie and put it in my bag. I might as well take a look at the building at least, even though it's probably closed already.

Following the arrows on the signs, I made my way through the city and out onto the National Mall. The Museum of Ancient Weaponry sat just off the grass, blending in with all the other buildings. Light still shone from the lobby, through the glass doors and onto the front steps, even in the dim evening light. I approached and pushed the door open. The lobby was bigger than I expected, but it looked like a museum. Banners advertising exhibits hung overhead from the domed ceiling. The marble floor beneath me was polished and shiny. At the ticket desk, a man in what I assumed was the uniform looked up at me and smiled.

"Ah, good evening sir!" The man put down the paper he'd been looking at and walked around the desk to me. He wore a long, rough white robe like a priest would wear in medieval times and had a circlet of twine in his hair. "Welcome, welcome! I'm so glad you've made it. I am Brother Maynard, one of the guardians of this holy place. May I ask your name?"

I almost had to laugh at how seriously he was taking his bit. He was probably from one of the exhibits, the medieval catapults or something. "Um, Tom. My name's Tom."

"Welcome, Tom." Brother Maynard smiled serenely. "Please follow me." He clapped and another man dressed as a monk took his place at the desk. I followed Brother Maynard down a small hallway. It looked like he was taking me to the employee breakroom or something; but after only a short walk the hallway widened and the floor and the walls began to transition from marble and wood to something rougher. Sandstone?

Brother Maynard's voice began to echo back to me as he spoke without turning around. "We've been waiting for you, Tom." Dizzy from looking around in confusion, I had to jog to catch up to him. He had clasped his hands in front of him, but they were now hidden by his billowing sleeves. "It has been many a year since a hero of your caliber has come to us, and many more than that since I was called forth to do an induction."

"An *induction?* What the hell?" I demanded. "The fuck is going on here?"

Maynard didn't flinch. "Give it time."

As we walked, I saw that alcoves had been built into the wall further down. Inside each was an object- I supposed that this was the ancient weaponry. They were all lit by torches hanging above them. Below, on the pedestal that held them, were words. The first one I could make out said SWORD OF GILGAMESH. Farther down, SLINGSHOT OF DAVID. Even farther than that, MJOLNIR. Everything looked like it was in perfect condition, even without display cases covering them. Brother Maynard marched right past most of them without so much as a look.

"You'll notice," Maynard said, "that the artifacts in this space are from times preceding yours. We did not plan it this way, but it has come to pass that war in your time is no longer noble, and so no great weapons from great heroes are being brought in."

"But," I sputtered. "Who the hell is this 'we?' Who are you to say that we aren't noble anymore?"

We had stopped in front of a vast set of dark wooden doors. Brother Maynard gave a short sigh. "Now, did I say that?" He tilted his head to one side and looked at me as I stood beside him. "War is no longer noble. Humanity is. For as long as there is peace and honor in humanity, noble it shall remain."

I rolled my eyes. "Okay, fine. So there the hell are we?"

Maynard raised his hand. "Think of what you have seen here. What you saw as we came to these doors. What was missing?"

Shaking my head, I said, "Uh, air conditioning? Look, I have no idea what's going on here. You called me a hero earlier. I'm not a hero. I'm just Tom; I have a girlfriend and I rent a shitty Honda and an apartment in Maryland. I work in a call center, for God's sake. How does any of that make me the hero you've been waiting for?"

"Because," Maynard explained patiently. "These are the qualities that a hero must have. Patience. Humility. Critical thinking and a healthy skepticism of authority. These are what make you worthy to wield my weapon. You did not notice that we missed it on our way in, but perhaps you saw its companion, Excalibur?"

"Excalibur. Right. Of course."

"Then behold." Maynard held out his hands and the doors swung open. I heard a whispering noise coming from a pedestal in the middle of the cavernous room behind. "Lo, great Tom, you are greeted and welcomed. I will now read from the book of Armaments as you take up your new weapon: THE HOLY HAND GRENADE OF ANTIOCH!"

___

This is my first post to /r/writingprompts (so please be gentle), I hope you like it!