"I suppose you want to be eight again, Larry?" said Death from beneath his smokey cowl.

"Yes, eight will do," I answered with a grin.

Death didn't exactly have expressions, but I could tell from the rigid grip he had on his scythe that somebody in receiving was going to pay. When you've been through the turnstile as many times as me, you hear things. But whoever got time in the elephant dung pit was no concern of mine. I played by the rules, flipped the coin, and won the toss, so I got another go 'round the old Maypole of life without the memory loss and nappy soiling that comes with normal reincarnations.

Death left the reception hall and slammed the door. That was a new one. He never slammed doors. At least I wouldn't be around here to pay the piper, so to say.

"Sir, I'm Marjorie from accounting. Could you sign my autograph," said a woman with mousy hair and long thin fingers. She could have been a fine pianist or a strangler. "The other folks in my department have a bet on. Nobody can figure out how you can win so often. You have to lose at least half of the time, and so Death is trying to push a rule through to stop you. Bean won't let him have it though. He seems to think everything is in order."

"Sorry, I don't do autographs," I said with a weak smile. You don't want to eat, sign, or take anything from the underworld if you didn't want to stay for eternity paying off the compounded interest on your debt. In Hades, accountants are king and old Mister Bean was the real boss. "Well, if you don't have anything else for me, I'm ready to start my next life."

"Yes sir, we'll have you in the hopper and into your new body as soon as we clear up one little matter," she said, her timid demeanor dropping from her face. "How do you keep winning against Death?"

"It's my lucky coin," I said incautiously.

"Your lucky coin?"

"Well, you see, I was fortunate in my first youth to help a leprechaun out of a dire predicament. She paid me back by giving me a coin that I can spend as many times as I like and always get it back.  If it gets more than a dozen yards from me, I find it in my hand as warm and familiar as an old dog."

"I see, but that doesn't explain how you win all the time," she said, eyes eager.

"The rules say I have to flip for another tour, but allow me my own coin if I have it at hand."

I heard the grinding noise I'd heard so many times before as the stone door to the hopper opened. I nodded to the accountant and bowed a gentleman's bow. As I walked to the hopper's churning maw, I chastened myself for saying too much. Only leprechauns and the rare mortals who carried their coins knew the secret; the secret to their immortality. It was right proper to keep it that way.

With my lucky two-headed coin firmly in my grip, I leapt into another life.
