The candles aren’t right. 

Last week you paid your landlord 3000 dollars to be ok with you ripping out the carpet in your apartment. You spent three days with an exacto knife ripping it up to reveal the plywood. You painted all the esoteric symbols Death likes. You constructed the Fountain of Knowledge out of milk and honey and blood in the eastern corner so it could get the best light. The damn Display of Acceptance is particularly amazing this year. Somehow you stubbled across recently dead  bones and THOSE haven’t been easy to come by since the early 1900’s. The Shrine of Sacrifice is the bloodiest it could be. 

‘’THE CANDLES ARE NOT...’’

You want to Death punch right in his skeletal bitch ass mouth. 



In the year nothing you tended camels in a desert in someplace that everyone has forgotten. 
The land is still there, but the soul of it has been written over so many times that the ‘place’ you lived in is gone forever. 
You didn’t have calendars or clocks or deadlines, you had camels to deal with and one night the camel you’d named IWILLFUCKINGKILLYOIIFYOIDONTDOASISAYNOWARRRRRGMYEAR - it was more graceful in your native language - bit your ear too hard and you decided to visited the hermit in the mountain cave and eat his mushrooms because....fuck camels. 
And that night you found the center of everything and while you were dancing and eating stars your entire village - all 20 of them - somehow caught fire and died.

The camels survived.

When you think about it, it is tragic and unjust. Truly. 

The next morning when you were wandering slowly home, thinking of the water and bread you had hidden and how beautiful life was...this Being appeared and said ‘’I AM DEATH.’’

You said, ‘’Ok.’’

And Death said, ‘’THE ONES YOU LOVED ARE GONE. YOUR FAMILY, FRIENDS, YOU HAVE NOTHING. YOU MUST TEND THE CAME-‘’ 

The thing about Death? So dramatic. He gave you all the time to put your foot out and hold his dramatic little robe down and he tripped and fell and embarrassed himself...in camel shit, lets be honest...and for some reason poked your soul in a way that you never died.



‘’THE CANDLES ARE NOT...EXACT.’’

You remind yourself to breath. In the centuries since you tripped Death and he face planted in evil camel shit   - and just take a moment. Visualize. Death. Big Scary. Skeletal guy. All robes and scythe and unstoppable.  Face down. Ass up. Eating evil camel shit. Worth damnation to continuous consciousness? Yuuuup-   you’ve gotten to know him. 

He likes it JUST so. Everything. Just. So. 

Once a year for two centuries he’s come to see you. You get a flaming apparition two weeks in advance on your ceiling and then the End himself shows up. It’s always a Thursday. Shit head likes to ruin weekends. 

Apparently if you ever manage to get his ritual right he’ll allow you to die, it never quite is though. 

‘’THEY SHOULD BE ALIGNED WITH THE STARS, NOT THE TIDES.’’

There’s only an actual fountain of Knowledge in the corner and while milk and honey are extremely easy to get now, the blood of a virgin?? A virgin. Willing to give blood for Death Himself...the fact you have managed that consistently through the last few centuries...

Death fusses with his robes, delicately brushes the hem you stomped on to trip him centuries ago, and looks back to you. The shadows shift inside his hood. Somehow he makes the exposed bone of his skull look disappointed. If only you would respect him. Consider the rules. Understand how hard it is for him when he can see how much no one cares. The same speech for centuries. 

‘’IF ONLY YOU WOULD UNDERSTA-‘’



You had two willing virgins of each sex fuck an axe-the handle end, come now-and then did an ancient little jig in the sea at full moon with said axe. A couple of sharks and a dolphin or 13 got involved. Then you visited every shaman alive that’s eaten a magic mushroom or licked a toad and ate some stars and got them to fortify it’s actuality in this reality. Then you took that axe out and got it a few beers and treated it real kind and put it in a chest filled with marijuana and covered with lilacs and jasmine so it could chill out until that flaming omen of Death came. 



Death looks surprised. He actually cracks some bone widening his eye holes. You wonder what Death would look like with eyebrows. He’s just been this fussy, pissy little thing coming around making you feel bad because the candles need to be JUST SO. You spent your time fucking and laughing and screaming and crying and loving and hating and growing and his skull is smoking now. 

There isn’t a pop. No melting. No dramatic wind to blow away the remaining dust. No fade out.  He’s there. He’s gone. 

You grab the alter’s center sacrifice, sit down and start eating the free range lamb you got at the farmers market for tonight. You’ve been seasoning it with rosemary and thyme for 300 years and he either didn’t notice or didn’t care and either way...he would never have let you die. He loved watching you live too much to ever let you do that. 

You’re tired and he never got it. You had to kill so many people in the 1200’s and 1400’s to get that damn fountain to work. Fucking honey and milk back then. And Death was a dick about it. He’d throw you in the itchy place for a week. Or the 


Death steals the meat from your fork. Skeletal fingers delicately slip it between exposed teeth. Death’s exposed jawbone moves and centuries of dust and decay fall to the floor. Death stretches and you watch a millennia of mold shrivel and dry and fall away like burnt lace as spine bones straighten. Death is tall. Death is...unconquerable. Always there, always coming, always knowing. You watch the meat fall between rib bones and you want to pee a little bit as the eyeless sockets stare at you. 

‘’YOU,’’ Death says, ‘’ ARE GOING TO TEACH ME ALL THERE IS TO KNOW ABOUT LIFE.’’ Death leans forward and runs a skeletal finger down your cheek. The candles melt, the fountain dries up, the display crumbles. 

‘’Yes, ma’am.’’


It’s not done. I just couldn’t bare to delete it lol 





















