"Are uh... are 'y'all sure about that, Earnie?" The portly man asked, giving his bearded chin a scratch. If someone were to put this fellow into a category, it would most certainly be "redneck".  Of course, the man did not care much for labels or titles; he was taught very well by his mother (rest her peaceful soul) that the only titles a man had were the ones god gave to you.

While the chubby electrician was certainly no fool, and he had years of experience in his field (it was a family tradition to fix things that the rich folks did not know needed to work), he was a bit worried about the plausibility of this job. He'd known Earnie for years, and had a lot of respect for the man; he'd done more for his family than anyone. But this one seemed a bit off. A little dangerous.

"Earnie, you can't just cut the power to the whole of San Antonio," the fat electrician chided, dabbing at his head with the strap on his overalls. "It ain't gonna happen, even for a few minutes. There's people who need the lights at night. There will be accidents. What about the hospitals..."

Earnie sat up a bit and slammed his hand down on the table in front of him. "Now, old friend, you know that there is a backup in place. I've known how it works decades less than you, and even I understand that. It'll be about two minutes before the power comes back, and there are backup generators for public service. You know..." Earnie then broke into a coughing fit, but steadied himself, muttering about how the weather was awful here, before continuing, "you know that the only danger is to your pride, and that's why you are so afraid."

The electrician, of course, realized that the danger was also to his job, and his family, and the rest of his existence outside of prison for manslaughter, but he said nothing. Earnie was a great friend, and he knew that. "Just this once, old chap. I'll never ask again."

He realized that was probably true.

----------------------------------------------------

Our blue-collar hero set out on his certainly unheroic deed the next morning. He knew a lot of people in the business, and knew exactly who would help and who would ruin the plan, and adjusted his list of friends accordingly. He realized that Earnie would be of absolutely no help, but was pleasantly surprised when Earnie called in a few of his big-wig friends to help with the deed. 

They were not without challenges. At least twice, our overall-wearing friend was found tampering with important electrical equipment on the main power grid, gear far above his pay grade. However, Earnie always had a backup plan, and through extreme countersuing measures (things that went against a good-old boys values, but they had to happen) his sabotage was kept secret. A month passed, and Earnie wondered if there would even be time to finish it.

Hope prevailed, however, as the chubby electrical engineer finally had re-routed, re-wired, and re-furnished his way to industrial espionage. With the flick of a giant switch, the power in the residential district of San Antonio would be dark... for a little bit.

The engineer took a quick look at his handiwork. It was a little past two in the morning, one of the least active times of the day. He hoped that there would be very little trouble with traffic. He had sort of went against the plan, and kept the business district lit up. While he didn't know a lot about how light worked (despite making it for forty years) he knew that going dark would cause a lot of problems, and hopes that it wouldn't pollute the starry sky too much.

He took a final glance at the switch, and gave Earnie a call. After a short bout of cursing for calling at such an hour(which he expected nowadays), Earnie finally calmed down enough to realize that the deed was to be done. "Y... y'know, it ain't the end of the world, Earnie. There's a lot of... of other options." The electrician said, his voice giving way a bit towards the end. "You've got a lot. Don't give up on it, pal." 

Earnie would only say, "I'm tired. Get it over with."

The electrician sighed. He figured there was another reason behind this, something he was never told about. Probably tax fraud. He had a sneaking suspicion that Earnie was a criminal, but never said it out of respect. He had a lot of respect for him;he'd done more for his family than anyone else.

He wanted to say goodbye before he hung up,but knew Earnie would hate it. He wasn't a very emotional man. So he just told him to enjoy the stargazing, and let him go.

----------------------------------------------------

About a kilometer across town, Earnie looked happily out his bedside window. It was still the same bland darkness he had come to expect over the years, with the same view he had known since the diagnosis, at least that's what he thought. If Earnie was a hateful man, he'd have cursed his parents genes. But he didn't remember how to hate anyways.

A moment later, the neighbor lost power. He heard them yell at their late-night LAN party being suddenly cancelled. He heard a car screech to a stop outside. He saw shadows suddenly running in the street. Around him, monotone beeping slowly drones into silence, and he suddenly felt very tired as the machine helping his body survive stopped.

Earnie sat up in bed, the best he could, and looked out at the sky. It took a few agonizing moments before the first star showed itself. More began to come out of their blankets, showing themselves to the world. Suddenly, a cacophony of light, an opera of beauty filled the sky, light blues and whites being connected by celestial dust. A painter wiped his brush across the sky, and made a painting just for Earnie. He could hear the excitement outside as his awful neighbors went outside and took a look at the view. It made him smile, to see the next generation interested in something, just as he was when he was young and could still live.


This was how his nurse found him only a few minutes later, when his vitals signature came back on to a flat line and alerted the system. Smiling.