"Fuck you, really. Fuck you."

"I still can't fully grasp this 'swearing' thing you all do here. Is it like a threat? If it is, I can't think why you'd say it to me. You're so weak. Have you seen yourself? Fire magic? You're so, so, so *weak*! It's an empty threat is what I'm saying. After I kill you, I'll beat Ashcroft to death with your arm and make lazy jokes about internal squabble or something just to piss him off as he chokes on his own blood. Or should I do that to the girl?"

"Ellia, by the way!...Dick."

"Nobody asked you. Not even me sarcastically. Dead people don't need names. That's another thing you guys do here that I don't seem to understand. Why give me your name just to die like a dog in the street? I really only got that saying when I saw a dog dying in the street last week. I can't tell you how pitiful it looked, it really fits."

"Seriously, fuck you."

"Okay, golden boy, that's enough of that."

"My sentiments exactly. I've never anything like this. I've never seen so many dead bodies, so much rubble, so much fire or smoke....I've never heard this much screaming before. It's grating on the ears and I can't do anything to stop it, but that wasn't enough, was it? You had to go and talk shit about Ashcroft. You had to threaten Ellia."

"Oh no, no, no, no Lain. No, please don't!" Ellia panicked and tried to pull herself up to stop Lain.

"You had to go and threaten those two and - you know what, fuck it. Do you know what my first memory of my mother is?"

"Why would I eve-"

"Of course you don't. Shut it. Rhetorical. It's a simple one, really. I remember it was dark. The moonlight barely found it's way through the curtains and into the room to reflect of the few shiny and reflective surfaces of toys and hardcover books around my bed. I was under the covers, and the night was so still that there wasn't a single sound. Not a car, not the wind, nothing - and that's what scared me most. Silence. The sound of loneliness is silence and I hates being alone. Then, the door opened, and in came my mom. She reached down and put a bottle of warm milk in my mouth. I started drinking it as sh bent over and kissed me on the forehead. I could feel her soft brown hair tickling my face and it made me shiver. It smelled like candy canes and her breath smelled faintly like vanilla  She whispered goodnight with a smile and left the room. I felt so warm and safe as my eyes closed."

The ground began to shake as Lain finished. At first, small rocks began to roll towards the man who was nearly covered in the blood of those he had torn to pieces by hand, then bigger ones. Eventually, rubble and objects as big as cars began to move towards him as a furious wind kicked up and blew towards him.
"Wind? See, weak. Only a weak moron would think wind and some rocks would bother me. Seriously, you humans are insanely stupid."

"I wasn't done."

"Oh, forgive me, continue....seriously, so weak!"

"See, this is not only my first memory of her, but the last. She was kidnapped soon after and killed during the hostage exchange. Just something that comes with the territory for a family worth more than most countries. I was then raised by my father - a cold, calculating business man who raised me to think little of being too attached to anything or anyone lest I need to sacrifice it for personal gain. This is my only memory of her and the best one I have at all."

The wind's speed picked up as more of the debris from the destruction soared towards the man who batted it all away with a single hand. Ellia crawled behind one of the few remaining walls and held on to a pipe that was protruding from the ground for deer life. Lain stood unaffected as if in a parallel universe of tranquillity.

"So...wind? Were you buying time? I'm still very confused. This isn't really adding up yet."

"I'm getting there. The book of Vanra are spells that use the elements around you. The book of Alra is a book that manifests powerful magic in different forms based on the memory used to conjure it."

"So you sacrifice memories for magic?"

"Lain, please, NO!"

"You got it! Sorry Ellia, you know I have to. I have Ash my word. So here's what's up you piece of eternal shit. Fuck off. Go crawl into a hole and die already. Everyone is sick of your shit!"

"Hahaha! That sentence sounded like so much fun! It almost makes me wan to let you."

"Book of Alra's Infinite Void - Oblivion."

The man was sucked into a tiny point at the centre of his chest. Nothing was left of him but the puddle of blood in which he stood and a few of the body parts he had scattered around him of the helpless citizens who fell to his cruel amusement not more than minutes before. 

Lain looked around the street and spotted Ellia as she got up, mouth agape with tears streaming almost endlessly down her cheeks. She limped her way to Lain, stepping over pieces of drywall and broken slabs of concrete with crooked rebar sticking out of them and wrapped her arms around his neck, hugging him like he was the last thing she'd ever hold. 

"I'll remember for you." She managed to squeeze through the sobbing.

"Remember what?" Lian hugged her back, but he didn't know why. What was there to be sad about? After all, the man was gone. 