"Hello David. I want to play a game," I said. The look on their face after saying this always made me smile.

"Hello Jigsaw," murmured Blaine. A lethargic look ran down his face.

I was startled. 

"You trick people for a living, preying on their lack of knowledge to exploit them. You enjoy pretending to be something your not. Well now, in my game, there's no need to pretend."

He still looked oddly calm. Tough guy, huh. We'll see.

"You've undoubtedly noticed the hacksaw in your hand, and the cuff chaining your ankle to the building. Well, David, the time has come to enter my realm of magic, and see how much you really wa..."

"You see a cuff with no key and think, impossible," said David, interrupting my final sick assessment of the situation.

"Try not to be constrained by what we know as *reality*, Jigsaw-"

"How do you know my name!" I screamed.

"But try to imagine that with your mind, you can bend, and push the boundaries of the physical world," he continued without acknowledging me. 

He stared intensely at the cuff, then lifted his leg away slowly, in complete control, as the cuff, still closed, fell *through* his ankle. 

A look of disbelief fell upon my face, curtained by my creepy mask. 

"But that's not why you're here, you know I can perform illusions, but...you want...you want to see something greater. Something *real.*"

He raised the hacksaw to the pipe and started sawing.

"Now you see the saw is clearly real, you see? It cuts, you see?" as marks formed on the pipe.

I sat still, sulking in my tricycle. 

"What you want, is to see an altered reality, you see this leg? And you see this blade? You see Jigsaw? You know both to be real. This is what you really came here for."

"I drugged you and kidnapped *you,* fool!"

It didn't register, he was zoning.

"What if it's not a saw, what if that's not my leg, what if their both just atoms with 99% empty space? When you think of them like that, and *believe* they're that...You can do this."

He pushed the saw to the leg, pressing hard against his skin. I grimaced behind my mask. Yet....no blood. It was clearly halfway through his leg.

"You see, you see Jigsaw? Do you see? It is *in* my leg. No blood."

Fuck this bastard.

"The trick with magic isn't to deceive your audience, it's to make them a believer, not a skeptic. 

"Fuck off you devil!" I cried.

"And now, Jigsaw, I leave you with something you can cherish, something you can believe."

"The door is really just empty space."

"Just open the fucking door and leave, don't be an asshole," I muttered.

Again he ignored me, slowly approaching the door until his nose was flush against it.

"I leave you with a memory of real magic Jigsaw, that will leave you questioning the limits of our world," muffled david, his mouth already through the thick steel door.

And with that he slowly went *through* the metal door, disappearing forever, leaving me on my tricycle, completely mad. 

"Bastard."