The Captain leaned back with an awkward squeak in the leather chair. It was not a real rank but he demanded they call him that.  He pushed slightly away from the conference table and prepared to speak. Even in his eighties his presence projected authority. 

“We must move now. They’re distracted, Off balance. Ryan, are your dancers ready?”

Thoughtfully stroking the 3 days of stubble on his chin, the young actor looked up from his phone. Turned his head ever so slightly and grinned. “We’re ready. We’ll turn their highways to a gridlocked disaster. I mean, even more of disaster than they are now. They’ll never know what hit them.  Total shutdown”

“Good man Gosling. “ The captain turned to his right and nodded to the long stately form. “Dion, are you ready with psyops? We all know power to project depression is second only to Adele. You look concerned. You always look concerned” 

“Oui, Capitaine. We are ready. You’re here. There is nothing I fear.”

Excitedly the long-haired girl sitting crossed legged on the end of the table shouted with raised fists. “It’s a death row pardon two seconds late”

“Is Alaniss doing lyrics again?” 

“They both are” 

“Shut up Bieber – You too Carey” demanded the captain

“Awwww righty then”

In a single motion, played out at one half impulsive action speed because of his advanced age, the captain rises and sweeps the table with his forearm, throwing the syrup decanter into the wall. 

He pounds the table again. 

His gaze pans slowly around the table at the group he had patiently assembled. His own Canadian Academy. 

“I need you to focus. I’ve waited fifty years for this day. All of the pandering to their consumerism and fantasies. We will conquer them and they will respect us. While they are distracted by our performances troops will gently pour over their borders. Our patience will finally rewarded. We will avenge the sacrifices of our several people politely hiding in plain site. “

Pointing to a portrait on the wall and choking slightly on his words. “We’ll do it for her! Dear Anne Murray God rest her soul.”

“She’s not dead, Bill. She’s in Branson.”

“Silence! I swear to God Carrey if you say one more thing I’ll beam you into space!” 

Bieber leans in and whispers across the table,  “he knows that doesn’t work right?” 

Keanu just shrugs and takes another bite of the cake he brought for himself. 

“Enough banter. You know your jobs, You are professionals. Today we pave over their paradise and put up a parking lot. Launch the attack!” 

More whispers. 
“Another lyric”…“And its American“…. “I’m not saying anything” 

“On your feet Academy! “

With raised fists they shout in unison..

“CAAAAAAAAAAAANada”
 
