My plane is delayed. Don't you hate it when that happens? 

It is some sort of mechanical failure, the pilots say. You'd think that the Prime Minister's plane would be maintained in immaculate condition, wouldn't you? They shouldn't be discovering these things right as I'm jetting off to the EU summit with the Russian Federation concerning the state of Crimea. The UN-administered regime of independence for the region has been an utter failure. Instead of creating a stable buffer between Europe and Russia, it's only led to civil warfare. But I'm pushing to end it once and for all.

I've been on the front lines of this conflict, both as a platoon leader during Britain's first intervention in 2051, and as a politician in Parliament urging for greater action against the Russian-backed rebels. I railed against our former Prime Minister's weak response, as well as the pitiful attempts of the EU Expeditionary force. And I did such a good job of it that my own Independence Party won a majority in Parliament only this past year. And, using my newfound political clout, I was able to convince our Russian counterparts to join us for a peace meeting in Tel Aviv. Israel has done a fine job of staying neutral despite sharing a border with the EU's Turkish territory.

After an hour on the tarmac, my plane is finally able to take off. We soon reach a cruising altitude, and I check my watch. The EU President and Foreign Minister should have landed already with their gaggle of Presidents and Prime Ministers in tow. They'll be whisked away to the summit without even checking into the hotel. The limousines will arrive at roughly 2:30, and the bombs are set to detonate at 2:45 in the midst of the scheduled press conference kicking off the summit. Russia's counterpart will also be *conveniently* delayed, sparing them from the carnage as well. Naturally this fact will be held up later as proof of their guilt.

Oh, did I not mention that I'm the reason the plane had mechanical problems? That it's all a deliberate ruse to make it look like I should have been a victim (to gain sympathy in the press) while simultaneously ridding me of those ninnies from the peace bloc who'd prefer to work things out with words? That it will soon be revealed that Russian operatives were the culprits of the bombing? It's the perfect Casus Belli.

We've barely made it over the Channel, and I'm already bored. God, I hate flying. My foot taps the plush carpet impatiently, waiting for the news. It's 2:46 already. What's taking so long? I pull out my notepad, ready to get to work. Even though I can't be seen preparing my speech before I've even received news of the 'tragedy,' there's nobody else in the plane. The pilots won't know what I'm working on here, so they won't be suspicious. And I do want to get a jump on it. After all, it needs to be convincing enough to make the right case. That this tragedy cannot go unanswered, and that I am the man to lead the EU to victory. I'm the only one with the political clout, the military experience, and most importantly: the resolve to see it through. Perhaps I ought to channel Churchill. 

Just as I put pen to paper, the copilot raps on the door. "Prime Minister? There's some news you need to hear."

-----

[Here's Part 2, and Part 3, with more coming](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/46anva/casus_belli/d03muob)!