You awoke your sixth time fainting upon seeing the horrific visage of the Reaper.  You sit up slightly, and spot the being nearby.  The eerie figure gazing into the distance, through a landscape that moments ago you could not comprehend.

The unease you felt made you question if you had even died, for how could you feel such fear if death had already claimed you?  But this feeling was more...habitual than instinctual.  If you could actually read the subtle emotional queues of the otherwordly entity before you, you'd realize it was actually very impatient and anxious (To be fair, rarely has a creature pass out so many times in it's line of work).

You were going to ask if you were dead, but remembered that you already asked that question, the answer to which caused the third fainting spell.

Without any type of movement or sound, the entity beckoned, communicating to the very core of your being, insisting you must follow.  It raised the blade of it's scythe upward from the ground, and used the whole tool as a walking stick.

Bit by bit, the wisdom this being appeared in your consciousness, providing you with answers to your questions just as you thought of them.  Contrary to your initial assumption, you're death was not caused by this creature.  It was caused by your lack of fiber and a relatively intense bathroom visit.  This creature once known as Death was only here to lead, and protect you, on your journey toward infinity.

You sensed something.  It was a feeling you never had before.  An emotion only available to creatures who have left this mortal coil.  An emotion this narrator is unable to explain to your feeble human mind.  "Protect me from what?"

The spiritual equivalent of whatever would be the ground in the afterlife began to shake and rumble.  Death grasped it's farm tool-turned weapon, preparing for combat.  This wasn't good.  You looked around you, unable to figure out where to hide, or what you should actually be scared of considering you were dead.  What was this thing going to do to you?  Kill you deader?  

Death revealed to you the answer.  And your ghost went pale.  

Suddenly, a hideous beast arose before you, with a rage so massive it seemed to engulf the endless abyss of the afterlife itself.  You felt your mind recoil in horror in it's grave, as the beast roared with an ungodly sound that felt like it was going to rend your loins asunder if your loins hadn't already rotted away.

The beast that stood before you was a giant bale of wheat, with arms and legs also made of wheat.  Thick, dense coils of wheat made up the beasts muscles, which were quite swole.  It's face was made up of gaps in the wheat bale, eyes and mouth made up of the darkest shadow your eyes currently weren't seeing because they had died.  It exhaled wheat, and had horns made out of wheat.  It pooped wheat every few moments, large, steaming piles of wheat, attracting flies made out of wheat.  It was also wearing a wheat cape.

The beast was made up of all the bread humanity has eaten over the millennia.  Humanity was it's most evil predator, growing them densely in farms, isolated from other plants and insects.  Wheat, living a lonely, miserable existed for less than a year, only to be slashed at genital-height, ground into fine powder, and then burned alive.  The tortures the wheat race had endured did not end there.  Stored in air tight containers for a set amount of time, only to be devoured by the very monstrosities that created the dark existence that the wheat called life. Pulled through the dark entrails of humanity, along an assembly line of evil, emerging out the other end an abomination unto the lord himself.

Year after year, season after season, harvest after harvest.  The beast fed off the suffering and rage of all the wheat humanity has ever grown. Constantly growing ever more massive and powerful.  Only one thought, one instinct on it's mind...

Revenge.