It was so thrilling. An allure more powerful than all the world's riches. The day I sat in orientation, on the cusp of my 18th birthday, that I decided I would cheat the system. If I just never met them, I wouldn't have to lose the only thing I had. 

My youth.

Of course it wouldn't be so simple thought. Thanks to the A.M.O.R.E. The Association of Matchmaking Organizing Relationships Eternal, and their damn _system_.

Little did they know I found a way around it, even if it was a little _barbaric_, it worked.

Some may have said I was vain, selfish, even a psychopath. Who knows, I probably am all those things, and more. I don't even remember when it became second nature to me, or when the feeling grew to something _comforting_. 

Was I born this way? Or was the pressures of this ridiculous society what drove me to be this way? Cold, unfeeling, uncaring about anything except my own survival. 

Closing my eyes, I lean my head back as I take in a deep breath through my nose. The scent of ash and smoke around me. You see, even if you don't age physically, you do mentally. Or at least, some do. 

The lottery was meant to be something to give balance to our world of potential immortals, to keep the cycle of life and death moving smoothly. What idiots, did they really think that finding a soulmate to age with would keep things in balance?

No, there were still wars, conflict, poverty, hatred, there was still _evil_. I've seen it all at this point, it's almost laughable how it repeats the same way, just with different players.

Not that different from myself, if I must admit. Their faces merely blurs in my memory, only the feeling of my hands on their throat and the satisfaction of the light leaving their eyes remained with me now.

It was perfect, it was power, it was...

_a mistake_.

The smell of smoke and Ash almost overwhelming my memory, bringing me back to my reality. As my eyes crack open the dark charcoal sky above stares back at me tauntingly.

I wanted to live forever, I never wanted to get old. I had seen what age did to my parents, siblings, and my friends. Slowly becoming disabled, diseased, demented. It was _ugly_ , it was _revolting_, it was the very anthithesis to everything I had wanted.

_Had_ wanted. 

How ironic, now it is all I could do to keep from beg to whatever higher power I stood against for the very thing I gave countless others. 

Death.

My thoughts are being interrupted again, but this time it's that damn air raid siren. If only I knew how to operate the damn thing to turn it off, after all, nobody else would.

I turn heel and head down the street, littered with decaying buildings, barren wastelands barely resembling the life that had once been there, and headed towards the flimsy shelter I had built a few nights ago.

I had wanted to live forever. 
I hadn't considered that the world wouldn't.