Death is not like you imagine.

The cowl, the harbinger's scythe. No. 

Death is a humble mortician in Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada. He wears horn-rimmed glasses. His hair is short, and has been thinning for twenty years. His suits are always at least ten years old, but rarely are they older. He smells faintly of mothballs, but perhaps doesn't know it. He's just a touch over 5 feet tall, and somewhat portly. He eats steak and eggs for breakfast at Maxine's Diner every Saturday. He's impeccably polite. People like him. The town birds always have a friend to set him up with. They're sick of seeing him alone.

But that's how it must be.

The only time Death, otherwise known as Darby Jenkins, ever changes his demeanour is when he's in the embalming chamber at the back of his quaint funeral parlour. The welcoming scent of formaldehyde reminds him of purpose, and the little glimmer in his eye that charms the little town winks away as he looks down upon the dearly departed. But the embalming chamber is a ruse. He hasn't cleaned or used his stainless steel table in a decade. Darby Jenkins strides past it and directly through the illusory tiled wall at the back, to where the real job is.

That's where he is today. And his expression, normally resolute, is different today. He's... awry.

The lists the dead on a scroll that rolls up from within his desk and then off the back end, directly into the floor and down to the underworld, using a pen that is always sharp and an inkwell that never runs dry. Around him, all around him, are shelves, and drawers, of mahogany, oak, and maple. On each shelf, in every drawer, a carefully catalogued series of hourglasses, ticking down the lives of the entire world. Most run long, and some, woefully quick. This chamber stretches beyond time, but conveniently, the hourglasses Death needs are always within arm's reach.

All but one.

In his long years, he's never been clumsy. He's a being of purpose. Purposeful creatures are never clumsy. 

.

Today, however, was meant to be different. Death uncharacteristically knocked his inkwell onto its side, and it rolled off the back of his desk. This was not troubling. He simply walked around the overlarge desk, squeezing beside a shelf. That's where he saw the hourglass, tipped on its side so the sand would never run out. The hourglass he never knew was there.

Death's hourglasses were all the same. Deep, beautiful walnut caps held fast to a slender glass barrel. The sand within was the earth of Tartarus, with a green tinge. The bottom cap had a small, bronze plate with the soulbound name of the person inscribed on it.

Death was in tune with each and every soul on the earth. It was as simple as a physical connection with the hourglass. So when he felt Koffi Apeloko's, the found hourglass, grasped it, felt the energy within, he was filled with an unbound rage.

.

Itanga was a small village along the Likoula Aux Herbes River in the Republic of Congo. In a blink, Darby Jenkins appeared. In his hand, he held the hourglass. It was the dead of night.

In his travel between worlds, Death had delved deeper into Koffi Apeloko's past.

Koffi Apeloko had been born right along the river in the year 1207. Around his thirtieth birthday, he'd simply stopped aging. By his fiftieth - 

This was the part that vexed Death. By Koffi Apeloko's fiftieth birthday, he vanished from Death's sight. *Nobody vanished from Death's sight.*

Death was material, but invisible to those who weren't prepared for his kiss. Rarely was he filled with wrath, as now. He siphoned from his near-infinite pool of energy and followed the hourglass to the soul from which it was bound.

The soft, verdant earth cowed beneath his steps; this cradle of life could not support Death.

Eventually, Death stopped. The sun was beginning to rise in the east. He had walked for at least an hour. The trees around him groaned, strangling in his aura.

Death stood over Koffi Apeloko. Death was material, and yet could not reach out to his charge.

And so, Death set the hourglass on a rock, then stooped down and began to dig.

.

It was midday he finally reached the coffin. The volume of Death's anger had withered all nearby life, allowing the sun to break through the thick canopy. The coffin was shabbily made, but held firm against the six feet of earth laid on top. Now, the wood was starting to rot away. Already, Death could see a cautious finger poking out. He heard a moan. 

Death climbed back out of the hole with practiced ease. He adjusted his glasses with a dirty hand, and brought the hourglass back. With a gesture, the coffin sprung open. 

Koffi Apeloko looked upon streaky daylight with eyes conditioned to darkness. A layer of dust on his face was streaked at the sides by fresh tears. His arms were crossed. His wrists and thighs were shattered and crumpled. A bone in his neck protruded at an angle where no bone should rightfully heal. He spoke Tshiluba with a dusty voice. He was, perhaps, thirty years of age, as he had been hundreds of years ago. 

"I wished for you for many years."

Death's anger had subsided with every scoop of earth in the pile. His tireless body looked down now with pity. "I have come."

"Am I cursed?"

"An unfortunate oversight. Corrected."

"How long have I been here?"

"Too long."

"Will you take me home?" With a weak hand, Koffi Apeloko reached out to Death. He could lift his fingers only half an inch.

Darby Jenkins smiled. "Yes. I'm here to take you home."

.

/r/Stanwrites