Ever since I was a little kid, my dreams have been... well, let's just say they're practical. Sometimes I would get to see a little tutorial, a flash of a play-by-play - like how to tie shoelaces, or how to shake a hand for a job interview. Most of the time, when I was younger and didn't know how to read, it would just be a voice telling me a tip. As I grew older, I started seeing lists. Everything I saw, everything I read, was helpful in some way. There was the tip about putting my keys in the same place every time. That day, I decided to purposefully ignore the tip and threw my keys haphazardly into my mom's apartment as I came home from middle school. (I was rebellious and wanted to test the limits of what I was beginning to think of as the world's most boring superpower.) That also happened to be the day that my upstairs neighbor stopped watching her three-year-old for five minutes. He fiddled with the stove knobs and the oven. As the fire alarms went off and the smoke caught in my nostrils, I realized that I needed to get out - but I didn't remember to pick up my keys, which I usually placed on a hook by the front door. Everybody got out okay, and there was only a little damage - but I was locked out on a chilly night until my mom got back from her second shift. Let me tell you, I wasn't the one to start that fire, but boy did I get some hell for locking myself out of the apartment when I could have done my homework and started dinner. Ever since that night, I've written down the tips and tricks as soon as I wake up, in a little journal I keep next to my bed. You never know when you'll need an old trick up your sleeve.

I had never told anyone about my dreams. I tried to tell my mother once, one morning before school, but she gave me an odd look, her mouth pinched to one side. She told me bluntly that what I was describing just couldn't be possible. I sounded insane. "Don't talk about it. Don't tell anyone else. Do you hear me?" Her voice rose, and she got the glint in her eye that meant I should find something else to do in a place far away from here, fast, before her hand struck my face like a snake. I grabbed my homework and my apartment key before I dashed out of the house. I'd forgotten my lunch, but that was worth not getting hit because she usually didn't stop for a while once she'd started. I didn't mention it again, not even after she passed away.

One morning, I wrote the message down in my journal as per usual, which means just scribbling thoughtlessly while trying to get truly awake, shaking out the grogginess, stretching out of the stiffness I feel when I get up. It wasn't until I was gargling in the shower that I thought about it, I mean *really* thought about it. "Always aim for the head." It seemed a little violent. I almost choked. I spat the water out. "Always aim for the head." Jesus, what was going to happen today?

That day wasn't busy, or at least it wasn't any busier than the average. The hospital I work at is in the heart of Boston, so things can get pretty nuts. However, growing up with a single mom I know the value of hard work, so after nursing school I figured I'd take the job, warts and all, and get as much hands-on experience as possible at one of the best hospitals in the city. I'd made friends - Janet was a year above me in nursing school and was scheduled on many of my shifts, Brett was the big lovable bear who loved fancy beers, and Donna was part loving mom and part drill sergeant. They watched out for me, and in turn I would have done anything for them. I took Janet's holiday shifts when Janet's mom got lung cancer back in California. I covered for Brett when he got the flu. When Donna was around, I'd double-check and triple-check my work to make sure she didn't get any flak for a mistake I made as a new hire. They were my work family.

Janet didn't always have the best taste in men. She'd talk about guys she met off Tinder, and we'd always shake our heads. Poor Janet. Some of them were just plain mean. Others seemed to be more forgetful, or stupid. But we knew one of them was trouble when she came in with a turtleneck on under her scrubs one day in July. It was sweltering, even with the A/C running full blast. There were bags under her eyes, and her lip seemed a little swollen. That morning, I'd woken up with: "Sometimes, the ones who need you the most won't ask for help. Support your friends." My entire shift, I watched her. She seemed a little... delicate that day. I don't know how to describe it. She looked like she was in a lot of pain but she didn't want to show it. I went up to her after my shift. "I really think you should leave this guy, Janet." For a moment, she stared at me, her eyes full of confusion. "You can stay with me," I offered. "You don't have to do anything today. Just think about it."

It turned out that she did think about it, and she broke up with him. A few days later, I woke up with a disquieting message.

At first, I didn't really register the loud noises coming from down the hall. When you're on your shift, you have to be focused on your work - if you look around at every commotion, you might lose the patient you're working on in front of you. But then I heard Donna's voice.

"What the hell is going on? Who is this guy?"

I swung my head around to witness one of the most terrifying moments of my life. Janet was being dragged by the throat by a disheveled looking man. He also was waving a gun that was now firmly face-to-face with Donna. I froze in place. It felt like time stood completely still. As soon as I looked at the guy, I knew who he must be. Janet's most recent ex. The guy who'd left her neck so bruised that she'd worn a turtleneck in fucking July. The asshole who I'd told her to leave. A wave of icy fear flooded through my veins. Coward that I am, I wondered if she'd told him who'd given her the advice to leave. I looked for the exit.

I heard a gunshot and a roar that wasn't the rush of blood in my veins. Only later did I find out that Brett, in his most heroic grizzly bear moment, rushed at the guy from behind. He wasn't fast enough, though. Donna was on the ground, blood pooling around her. Brett knocked the gun out of the guy's hand with a huge paw and started grappling him. It looked like Brett had almost broken the guy's arm. Another man, and then yet another held the attacker down as he flailed viciously, trying to escape from the dogpile. I heard Brett's voice, roaring out commands. "Get his gun! Get his goddamn gun!" I finally unfroze, my eyes darting around. The gun had skittered away to a stop only a foot away from me. I darted forward and picked it up, my hands trembling. I backed away, the warm gun in my hands. I tried to keep my fingers away from the trigger, keep the gun in a safe place where I couldn't accidentally shoot someone. It felt heavy in my hands, and even holding it gave me a rush of adrenaline. I heard another roar, and I glanced up.

The man had somehow, with a demonic burst of strength, escaped from the crushing embrace of three other men. He was rushing towards me, his eyes red and his face in a rictus of fury. I had a quick thought that he was going to wrest the gun from me and then use it. Oh, fuck. I remembered the message from that morning and put my finger on the trigger. "Always aim for the head," I thought. I aimed, then closed my eyes. I pulled the trigger.