"3... You failed your saving throw. Sorry Pete... Hector strips the armor off of your corpse and many of the enemy forces clamber to desecrate your corpse."

"Dammit Hector," Oliver mutters, looking over his character sheet. "Okay. I plow my way through the forces to defend his body."

Jack, after knocking over his dice tower for the fifth time, "I'll join in."

"Same," David says, scribbling somethings down on a sticky note.

Similar responses come from Matt, Jackson, and Alex as they all prepare their battle plans. 

"Okay." Homer begins shuffling some sheets of paper around, "Roll initiative."

As the dice hits the table, the final player enters the room, carrying a couple sodas. 

"So," Andrew starts, "what's going on?"

Oliver looks up at Andrew. "Well, your boyfriend's character just died and so were trying to take car of that mess, no thanks to you."

Andrew sits down, pursing his lips. "Alright, let's do this," he mutters under his breath. "I step out of my to prepare for battle."

"Hey wait, Meta ga-" Oliver starts before being interrupted by Homer. 

"Okay, well you'll need new armor since Hector is currently parading yours around so how about... Many servants come flocking you carrying pieces of new armor, just forged by Hephaestus himself. For now, the armor class will be the same as your old one except maybe plus 2 until I actually write down its full stats." Homer flicks the pen around his finger.  "As he's putting on his new duds, lets get to defending Pete's corpse." 

They go through  a couple rounds of combat, waiting for Andrew's character to reach the battlefield to join them. 

"So, Jackson, your strike deals 10 damage against the Trojan. Andrew, you finally come to the battlefield."

"I kill everyone!" 

"I forgot what it was like playing with you..." Oliver mutters between handfuls of chips. 

"Okay, well first you have to roll your initiative-" A dice hits the table. "Wow, twenty."

"Cool, I also use Achille's special Rage skill which lets me do 3 actions a turn for 5 turns."

"Wait it does?" Homer stands up glancing at Andrew's sheet. "Wow, I was bad at balancing homebrew... Gonna need to revise that after the session. You can use it for now for... story reasons."

"So since I'm first, I kill these three groups of mooks," Andrew gestures to the battle map. 

"Fine... roll for each."

Andrew picks up his die and rolls it three times. "19, 17, and 20, so two normal and a critical hit."

"Fucking hell," Homer whispers. "Okay, roll damage."

"14, 12, and 32"

"Dear god." Jack leans into the table n

Homer sighs. "Well, since even the lowest of the bunch is a tad overkill, 

*"'As you slaughter your way through the crowd, you happen upon a river. Trojan after Trojan falls to your blade, as your anger takes control after the fall of your friend. So many bodies are left in your wake that it begins to dam the river. The grounds shakes and a figure begins to form. You angered the river itself'"*

**"I fight the River!"** shouts Andrew, now standing on his chair.

"The rest of us haven't gone!" Oliver protested. "And you know what, despite Andrew barely showing up to these sessions, and even when he does, he barely does anything, yet you're having him do all the cool shit."

Homer shrinks back in his chair a bit. "Yeah, you're right, I guess, if you want, you could gather some of your friends and U could give you a personal session. You can use Odysseus even."

_______________

That was a shit storm. I just wanted to get the idea down. Characters were a bit over the place and it's been a while since I've played D&D but I just wanted to get this idea done. 