He could feel the universe closing in on his conscious ever so slowly. He never knew he could feel the size of the universe, though now it was closing, he missed the open feeling. Death was searching the ever closing space for the last soul. 

There was a new sound, a sort of excruciating silence. As though it were so quiet that it couldn't go unnoticed. It was similar to the sound he heard every time a body shut down. The once beating heart, exhaling lungs, and the moving joints, all stopping simultaneously. It was the sound of emptiness. 

Suddenly, the noise came back. It was faint, but compared to the absolute silence he heard seconds before, it couldn't be louder. She was close, very close. Death slowly approached her, she was facing away from him, though he knew she was aware. In the dead silence, it was impossible to go unnoticed. 

"So here we are..." Death introduced his presence, but she barely acknowledged it, giving g only a slight nod. "I don't remember it being this quiet at the start, before the bang." He tried to make conversation, though she still refused to speak. "We both knew it would end like this, even if we neglected it."

This seemed to get her attention, as she looked at his face, "ya, I suppose you're right, but it makes me wonder, why did It create us, if it would all end with nothing to stand back at and look at?" Though she was speaking, it was obvious a part of her was missing.

"I do think know, maybe It just wanted some entertainment, something to break up the boredom."

"You mean..." She squinted her eyes and shriveled her forehead in frustrated thought, "you think It survives? How is that possible?"

"You tell me, It created us, so somehow It was around before we were. I think the question here is, what IS It?" He paused for a minute, expecting a reply, but none came. "Maybe It's just... Existence,  Above all else. Perhaps It is not even conscious."

"Ya... Ya that could be it." She started to get a bit more excited. "Maybe it's just a cycle. Maybe, we will be back! Yes, that must be it!" She became overjoyed by her new theory.

"Maybe so, but it doesn't change what needs to happen." As death spoke, he gave the changed mood a 180 degree turn back to the gloomy reality. "

"Ya, you're right. You always were the realist." She grew a slight smirk as she began to reminisce. "All these years, you and I battled it out. A never ending war, or so we thought. At the start, you were ahead, continuously wiping out my progress. Then I hit it, the holy grail. Dinosaurs, I thought I had you beat. I was almost at full automation. But you found your big space rock and evened the score once again. The little instigator of a brother, ruining my fun. But I scavenged up my remains and I grew out a population you couldn't imagine. I hit 20 billion humans, along with their vast array of wildlife, and they spread on their own, like a disease to which you had no cure. They travelled to new planets, solar systems, hell, they almost made it to new galaxies on their own, though I had to help them a bit on that one, and then..." She stopped talking as she realized where she had gotten in the timeline.

"Ya... And then I found the solution."

"You were given the solution" she quickly corrected death.

"I... Didnt know it was THE solution. I only thought it would bring your empire to a manageable level for me. If I had known 'It' was the one who had shown me the solution I wou-" death was cut off before he could finish.

"You couldn't have known. It could manipulate us without us ever knowing, heck, maybe that's why I was so successful. Maybe I was being shown MY solution."

The conversation hit a standstill, as both Death, and his older sister, Life, knew what had to happen. "No point in dragging it on." Life stared down as she came to her final realization. "I was created first, by only five minutes, but in the end, you'll have lived longer. I always had peace knowing I was alive longer, now I know that will not last."

Life stared at Death, as Death stared at Life. "Goodbye brother."

"Goodbye sister."

The eery silence returned once more. Death sat, light headed. He had, for the first time in a trillion years, finally felt what it meant to be alone. With nothing more than the knowledge that 'It' was the only thing left apart from himself. "Whatever, or whoever you are... I get it now. The reason you created us, you're alone aren't you? You figured if you created us, we could fill that emptiness. But we couldnt do it could we? That's why you made me end it. It made you feel more alone than ever before. I dont blame you."

As he struggled to stand, feeling a weakness he had never felt, death shed his first and last tear, then 4 minutes and 59 seconds after Life's final heartbeat, It was reminded of the true silence. The silence that only he knew...