We prayed for a miracle. Every morning Jared would be looking over my chest with a gentle gaze, knowing at any moment it would stop moving, and it would all be over. When I'd eventually wake, he would attempt to cover up his rejoyce, try to act normal, like there was nothing wrong. Acting as though everyday wasn't a blessing. Sadly, after a check up with the oncologist, it was clear that nothing was going to be normal again with a few days slipping away before us, as I was soon expected to pass away.

I have never been a religious man, but the morning when the miracle came was probably the closest I ever came to some kind of religious revelation. Jared was stroking my bald head gently why I gained consciousness, I focused on his deep brown eyes and smiled, he spoke softly to me, "Still as handsome as the day I met you, Alec." I strained a laugh, sometimes when I woke up my chest really hurt, as I'd started to refuse drugs and accept the embrace of my situation - which had caused a lot of conflict and upset between myself and my family, but I like to think they accepted my wishes.

Noticing my fever, Jared got up and went to the en-suite to fetch a cold cloth to press to my forehead. He was always so good to me, where did I find such a caring man? In, what must have been 15 seconds, he came back... he was... different. The look in his eyes, in all our 30 years together, I had never seen. As though there were a fire raging behind him, something about his overall demeanor was different, but the man the same.

"Alec, I need you to get up now." The sound in his voice had a layer of urgency, of knowing. I struggled up to a stand, my bones were frail, yet the pain was tolerable. "Jared? What is it? What's wrong?" I knew that something was different, something I just couldn't place. I stepped towards him, and fell over at his feet, throwing up and shaking on the floor.

Was this it? Was this the moment it all happened? Was he some kind of grim reaper, taking the form of someone I love to make it all easier? A million guesses flew through my mind in milliseconds, a screaming, desperate voice inside my head all silenced at once with a few words, "Alec, you're going to live." I was stunned to silence, Jared picked me up and took me to the bathroom door, there was a light, the room was shaky and blurry. Jared stuck his arm through the tiled wall as if it weren't there, and I passed out.

When I awoke, I thought it had all been a dream. Jared was next to me once again, ruffling my thick, black hair, laughing.

"You're not going to die, Alec, look at this place." I was still so confused, where were the answera?
"H-Home?"
"Sort of. It's going to sound crazy, but I think we've gone through a wormhole to another dimension. Everything here looks like home, because I knew it would be more comfortable for you. Alec ask me how old I am..." he paused, smiling, awaiting my answer.

"Fifty... fifty-one?" 

"Add 1,000 years to that." 

I sat in silence, there was nothing logical going on here.

"1000 years here is a mere few seconds back home. There is so much peace here. We'd have eternity together ." 

...

From then on, it prove itself true. We knew that if we were ever to cross back to Earth in our own dimention I would become ill again, but here we could be ourselves.

.......

I want to expand on this more but literally just wrote this in half an hour on my lunch break! Any criticisms or advice much appreciated :) 