Under the reddish glow of the vault light, every nickel seemed like a droplet of blood.

It was cold. Stepping inside, I instantly regretted leaving my jacket in the closet. Though there were no visible vents to be seen, the freezing air seemed to blow around me.

The initial shock of the unexpected vault had worn off by now, and frankly I was more curious about the pile of nickels rather than the mysterious key in my mailbox.

I picked up a coin. Odd, it wasn’t made from the usual silvery metal, but rather from copper. I put it down again and stared at the mountain of coins.

Ever look at something and get a peculiar sensation that something was amiss? I sure have, and that pile of nickels was looking awfully weird. 

The coins felt like mini ice cubes as I dug slowly then gradually faster at the mountain. Some instinct told me to keep going as nickels flew past my ears and landed in the other corner. The smell of copper was overpowering, tears brimmed in my eyes as I gagged at the metallic scent.

When the pile was three quarters depleted, and the vault rang with the sound of metal upon metal, I found what I was looking for. A paper note with a bunch of pictures clipped to it by a red paperclip. 

My breath came out in puffs of mists as I looked at the pictures.

The first picture was me, albeit ten years younger. My jaws dropped as I looked at me eleven-year-old self playing with the xylophone with two aluminum rods. Who took this? I asked myself, but I kept flipping.

Then came the time where I accidentally flushed one of the rods down the toilet. Another photo of it lying in the sewage pipe, but no filter was present. It was soon born aloft by the current of waste flooding into the sewer  towards the refinery. 

More things were wrong, the rod had broken down, but the pipe transporting the waste had leaked into the soil. Soon it was picked up by another pipe, this one carrying clean water. Horror filled me as a few pictures later it showed the inside of a nuclear reactor with the filters missing and corrosion taking place.

With trembling fingers I finished the final few photos. Alarms. Meltdown. Explosion. Fallout. Casualty report. Towns whose residents died or fled during the disaster, towns whose names were lost in the shadows of history.  

Shock registered in my brain. I was single handily responsible for the crisis of Riverside. One of the worst nuclear disasters in history and I had assisted in the deaths of more than a million and displaced eight times more people.

Terror soon replaced shock as my right hand seemed to act of its own accord. I tried in vain to control it, but it was on autopilot. It turned the note despite my left hand clenched over it, tearing the paper a little.

On the back of the note was a sentence written in what was unmistakably blood. My heart froze as I read it with blurred eyes. 

“You have proven yourself worthy, my child. Fear not, I have even grander plans installed along your path!”
