I was surprised when I found out my sponsor is Death. He didn't entirely fit my personality: humble, hard working... I simply try hard at everything I endeavour, although rarely the best.

One of us will be king. However, my brother's aren't fit to rule, they are not lateral thinkers, and manage to let propaganda and news sway their judgement. It is unfortunate I must endeavour to kill them all.

In this battle royale, we will all have abilities. I have the ability to see the dead, and have access to the wisdom they contain. The greatest philosophers, warriors, rulers and armies the world has ever known.

My brothers are screwed.


The first brother tried to kill me before I had prepared, and he had the power to control water. That can be pretty problematic. 
We were by a calm shallow river, flowing over smooth pebbles, cutting it's way through a lush green valley. I was crossing, when all of a sudden I felt water rise above my waist. I turned around to see my youngest brother give me a wild grin. It was at my chest now, he was totally trying to drown me!
I held my breath, and swam through the bubble he held me in. As far as I swam, I couldn't make it out. I was going to die.
Death came to greet me. But not to take me. "Summon" he whispered. 
I gathered my remaining strength, and summoned any help I could get. A pale man appeared behind my brother. A blade protruded from my brother's chest, and he died.

Couldn't he have just frozen the bubble of water? Idiot.
As I was internally ranting about the idiocy of my brothers, I realised. I can raise the dead. I can use their powers for myself, but better!

The river went back the way it was, the birds continued chirping, and I carried on my way.

The second brother had the boon to wield lightning.
I stumbled upon him in a glade in the woods. 
I summoned my youngest. Two Vs 1. I got my brother to work as I dodged the lightning blasts through the trees.
My youngest had a simple job. Pool the water from the earth around my thunder wielding buffoon of an elder brother. Eventually, through the bursts of lightning, he electrocuted himself. Job done.

I now have the power to raise the dead, and command water and lightning. Need I say anymore?

Comment if you want me to continue the battle royale! 4 brothers left!


