	I got off work, after a horribly boring day, in which I had been yelled at three times by my boss for different
things, all of which weren’t really even my fault. I hopped in my car, grabbed the steering wheel, feeling the gel
recede as it recognized my fingerprints, and felt nothing (thanks to the buttery-smooth inertial dampeners) as the
Grav-Pads launched the car over 10 feet in the air, it hovered for a moment, as I sighed out of exhaustion. I eased
the throttle to max speed (250mp/h, 402.336km/h). My house wasn’t too far from where I worked at those speeds
though, and I was there in minutes. I gently stopped it on the landing pad, and released the steering wheel to turn
it off. The gel oozed back into position, ready to unleash the storm of lightning inside it on any would-be thieves. I
tiredly walked to the door of my house. I put my face up to the retinal scanner, which unlocked the door in
seconds, opened it, and found everything was exactly how I had left it when I left for work this morning. I
proceeded to the couch, flopped down, and fell asleep within moments. I jerked up, not knowing how much I had
slept but not caring as I saw my door slam down and a full SWAT team, clad in the black armor of the Glaive
Squad. The Glaive Squad was rumored about only in hushed voices, and had a reason to be feared. They entered a
house, gunfire and the terrifying sounds of their sleek black laser rifles followed, and then the gunfire stops. They
left without a scratch. They were an elite death squad, and you were dead if they came to your house. But rather
than shoot me, in fact they weren’t even looking at me, they turn their backs toward me and trained their weapons
at the windows. One of them whispered “Here they come” into a mic, and I was deafened not only by traditional
gunfire, but also by the Pulse Rifles’ (the ones that Glaive Squad carried) shots tearing out of the barrel, the flash
blinding me before ripping open a person, ending their adventurous path with screams of agony. They threw
plasma grenades, which were the loudest as they hit the ground, shattering, allowing the pressurized plasma to
free itself, tearing apart everything it could touch. It continued like this for what seemed like multiple lifetimes, but
halted abruptley, as everything stopped. I couldn’t hear anything, and I only knew they were talking behind their
masks because they bent down over me, and started acting worried. I was afraid of what had happened to me, as
a shrill tone tore through my entire skull, my face contorted in pain. It lasted a little while, and when it finally
faded to nothing, I could hear again. I somehow managed to croak out, “What happened...” and coughed up blood,
only to find that I had been hit by shrapnel, most likely from a grenade and was bleeding profusely. They set a
device on my wound, watching me grimace as they did, and it slowly pulled out the shrapnel, and must have
healed me but I passed out before I knew. 

	I dreamed of people getting killed, of what Glaive Squad did to terrible criminals happening to me. It was
terrifying, and I finally woke up. I jerked straight up, and immediately regretted it as I groaned out in pain and
dropped back down onto the hard medical bed. It wasn’t a normal hospital, and looked more like a military
complex. I looked around, and saw no one in the room. I watched the door open and a handsome man step out,
judging by the insignia on his uniform he was a Colonel. He had a symbol that I had never seen in all my research
of the military that I had wanted to join all my life. I knew I had seen it somewhere though, but where? I asked
myself. He must’ve seen that I was looking at it, and he said “Glaive Squad Leader.” and I remembered, one of the
men that had been in my house had had it on his armor. 

	“Where you one of the ones...” I stuttered as I coughed up blood.
	“Medic! Medic, we need a medic in here!” he yelled frantically. I looked down, and saw that the skin on the
shrapnel wound had been healed, the shrapnel removed, but the device must not have fixed the internal damage.
A small army of military medical staff rushed in, and looked at some readings, and then set to work. They
tranquilized me, and I was starting to worry if it was safe to be knocked out this many times in a row. 

	I woke up in the same place, but the ache of what I assumed to be internal bleeding was no longer there, I
slowly sat up, and I still had many of my bruises and marks from the fight, but I was used to having marks like
that, society had crumbled and you often had to defend yourself against thieves, murderers, and other low-lives.
The Colonel was there, standing over me when I woke. He looked at me with an expression that I couldn’t name,
was it… admiration? I think he admired me, though for what I couldn’t say, since all he had seen my do was cower
and sleep. “You are special, Rose.” he started “You have a gift, one that very few have, and it qualifies you.” 	
	“Qualifies me… For what?”
	“To join Glaive Squad.”
	“No. No, I refuse to be part of your murders.” 
	“That’s not actually Glaive Squad. That’s a decoy, so that people don’t know what the real Glaive Squad does.
And those aren’t murders, they are criminals and terrorists that the world is better off without.”
	“So… What does Glaive Squad really do Colonel...” I spit out the last word, and it hurt him, words are
sometimes the best weapon…	
“Glaive Squad is actually a space faring group, and it is much bigger than the 
decoy squad that people say is an “elite deathsquad. Much bigger. 
	“And… You said I was qualified, what makes me special?”
	“You have a certain DNA Mutation, one that makes stronger, faster, and more agile. On top of that, you think
faster, and are smarter. You are a mutant, Rose.”
	“I’ll take that as a complement… So, what exactly do we do in space? Fight Aliens?”
	“Well, they are aliens, but they are humans. Earth isn’t the only planet that humans have evolved on. There
are many, many other planets in that void of space that house ‘humans’, some have evolved differently, to adapt to
the circumstances of their planets, but some look exactly like us. Most of them speak different languages, but they
are almost all evolved from one language we have here on Earth… Latin. We suspect that an alien race seeded
every planet with humans and that they spoke what we call Latin.”
	I couldn’t think, surely this wasn’t true, I was dreaming. I had to be. I pinched myself. Nope, not dreaming.
My entire world had been turned upside down in under 5 minutes. “I’ll join” I didn’t even think about it.
	“Good. We have armor ready for you. I’ll take you for a tour around the station and explain everything along
the way.”

Not sure if I should keep going, or leave it like that. But that's what I wrote. Spent at least an hour and a half on it.
Feel free to suggest anything or tell me about any problems with it. 