My hands clench up as I gasp and stare up into the turned off operating light above my head. A red eye staring at me. Never letting go. 
Time passing more abstract than ever as my head clears up. What is my body doing? It feels like all the blood is drained from me. My body unresponsive as I lie cold and bare on the operating table. My eyes shoot ahead of me, looking up into the reflective operating light. It clicked. The bright blood shot eye is me! 
Panic sets in and my breathing quickens. The little feeling I have in my body constricting me. I feel like I'm stuck in a box unable to move. My nerves speak my thoughts but my muscles don't want to respond! Can't respond! Hyperventilating now. My chest going up and down more ragged now. "Help!" My last thought as my vision turns black. My mind screaming a last second before my entity fades into black. 

It feels rough. A strap scraping my forehead, holding my head in place. A soft voice talking. "Keep him still. We can't ruin him" I notice my left eye is open! My right eye opens as well, looking straight into the now turned on operating light. "It'll be over soon". My right eye now wide open as I look towards my left eye. A long needle-like object slowly pulling from it. Right when I'm about to scream I freeze. I can see the end of it! It wasn't in my eye! Thank The Protectorate! The relief quickly fades as I notice the tweezers at the end of the thin needle. A small mess of wires and silicone dangling from it. 

The door opens. "Pick them up" I hear from the direction of the door. The light brighter than I've ever seen before as it shines from behind him. Two men gently hold me around my back, lifting me from the table. Leading me out the door into the light I gasp in aww. I feel like I wake up. Like I exist like I was unable to for as long as I could remember. "It's time you see" the man holding me from the right says, supportingly squeezing me in my arm. 
I see the world. The sky higher than I can remember, sheltering fields stretching farther than the fog ever allowed. But most of all... 

I look to my right. A nod.

"Color."