Marcus trudged forwards from the main battle line. Behind him, his MCCCXXXVII Legion stood in formation, every Legionnaire within their power armor watching their Legion commander walk forth alone on the salt covered ground, each step revealing the red hard crystalline soil beneath. 

Legion Legatus Marcus Severus stopped after XX paces. He surveyed the open field ahead of him and adjusting the view of his helmet visor he zoomed in on the mass of green and metal. Behind him, he heard the trudging of steps but he did not turn to look, the HUD within his helmet telling him that his *Aquilifer*, or standard-bearer, Horus Jaxxus, had joined him. Horus stopped one step behind his leader and friend, planting the Legion standard on the ground. The banner was as tall as three men, and it only became so after countless campaigns the MCCCXXXVII Legion had participated in, granting an additional wreath that bore the glory of the Legion. The gold eagle atop it was the prized symbol of the Legion, dating back to before Rome ventured beyond the stars and expanded beyond Gaia. Every Legionnaire standing in formation looked to the eagle, and within their power armor, their chests swelled with pride at its sight. 

Marcus continued to survey the area ahead of him. He watched the oncoming horde begin to draw closer, the dust cloud the unruly mass kicked up disguising their numbers. In his pre-battle meetings with his Centurions, they were briefed on the size and numbers of their foe. The mass of green on their tactical holographic map displayed the enemy to outnumber them IV to I. Marcus was unfazed, as were his Centurions. The Legion had faced greater odds. The Legion Exploratores had briefed them on how the enemy behaved, and earlier skirmishes by his Auxiliaries had shown them to be simple and blood-thirsty brutes who had been easily led to Marcus's choice of where to meet them in battle.

Now the enemy approached, and he saw the brutes stumble and fall upon each other, almost in a frenzy as they scrambled to get ahead. There would be no negotiating with them, and this made it all the simpler for the Legion after the tedious police action they had to undertake on other conquests before handing those off to other Legions.

As the horde approached, he watched them cross a designated line ahead of him. Suddenly the ground trembled under his feet, as Marcus stood calmly. Seconds later streaks of light flashed over him before landing amidst the horde. The Jupiter-class artillery pieces had commenced their fire, raining 210mm high explosive shells from hundreds of kilometers to the rear of the Legion formation. His catapults continued their deadly rapid volleys, killing or maiming large swathes of the approaching horde. And yet the brutes kept coming, scattered and disorganized as they were.

Marcus raised his right hand, and his men carried his first orders. Behind the first five lines of Legionnaires, each man knelt down and took out a *pilum*. They were named after the javelins of their forebears, but these were actually mortars which, on Marcus's cue, they commenced fire on his command that he sent through to their HUDs, unleashing volleys of fragmentation rounds on the horde that had gotten into range. As the horde approached the final line ahead of them, on cue the Legion battle line stepped forward XX paces, where their Legion Legatus and standard-bearer now stood side-by-side with them. Marcus was handed his shield, his power armor gripping the XXX ton equipment as he joined the Testudos. He drew his Gladius from his holster and readied himself. Every member of the MCCCXXXVII Legion stood at the ready, watching as the horde drew closer and closer, as streaks of mortar shells landed amidst the mob even as further behind the ground shattered and red dust was kicked u and engulfing the sky.

None in the Legion hesitated, and Marcus knew none would falter in their duty for the Empire. On this battlefield, the MCCCXXXVII Legion's legend would grow.

"Remember why we are here men!", Marcus spoke on his comm mike.

Just as the horde crashed upon them Legion Legatus Marcus cried out, "*Gloria Romae!*"

"*Gloria Romae!*", his men shouted in unison.