It's the year 3019, and a lot of shit has changed. Technology got better, diseases are slowly being eradicated, and generally life has become better... unlike the governments of old. How did that ancient saying go again? Right. "I was born in the right generation." 

New laws have been made to make sure everyone gets to live their best lives, or so I hope. Now the world decided that everyone gains an 'artificial companion' once they reach the legal age so we don't do anything stupid or that we don't die. It might be the future but crime and accidents still happen, you know.

So here am I now, by my balcony watching the twinkling stars. Some of them are projections since a lot of them had died as time passed, but I didn't mind. Today was my 21st birthday, and for some reason this 'artificial companion' hasn't arrived yet. Most people get theirs first thing in the morning, so what happened to mine? I sighed as I continued to wait. 

I continued to stare at the stars, and I noticed that one of them seemed to get bigger and bigger until I realized that it wasn't a star in the first place. It was a-

BOOM!

I felt the ground shake beneath my feet as the ball of flames crashed on my back yard - I hope it just crashed on my back yard and nothing else. In a mixture of fear and curiosity, I raced downstairs and into my yard. The cold breeze hit me in the face.

Oddly enough, the flames died pretty quickly so I slid down the crater the fallen thing had created. Smoke was still covering everything, though. So I had to cover my nose with my shirt as if that was gonna do anything. I fanned away at the smoke and carefully trudged towards the center. I squinted my eyes and noticed that there was a figure just ahead.

If this was their way of sending me my government assigned robot, then they sure made it as extra as possible. 

Soon, the smoke cleared out and there I found... it.

A small disc-shaped robot reminiscent of the centuries of old. Surpisingly unscathed despite how retro it looked. Unlike the typical robots of its kind, it had a digital screen that displayed some sort of cat face. To add more salt to the wound, on its front was a knife stuck to it with a couple messy pieces of duct tape. 

"Hewwo! I'm hewe to pwotect you!!" It told me with it's obviously digital voice as it excitedly spun around in its place.

Oh, God.