"Virginia! Virginia where are you?" 

"Virginia!"

A young woman starts awake in a small clearing. It is damp and the sky is cloudy. Dew sparks and catches in the sallow light of the cloudy  sunset. 

It's beautiful in the way that autumn is fleeting and mystifying. 

The young woman slowly rises from the ground. A ring of tiny white flowers marked the outline of where she had lain. She stared at it mystified. 

"Where am I" she asks looking up at the trees as if for answers. 

She absently brushes a leaf from her hair, it's short tawny brown and recently cut a little sloppy as if by her own hand. 

She tries to call out for the other voice but can't remember the right words. 

She can't remember much of anything save for the word "home". 

Where is her home? Is the clearing her home? 

A hand grabs her shoulder. 

"Virginia I've been looking for you everywhere! Where -

The young woman stared blankly at the person who grabbed her. They seemed to be familiar with her. They looked to be a young man of some sort. He was taller than her with long dirty blonde hair and a pointed face made for smiling. 

" Do I know you?" She asked slowly shrugging his hand away. 

"You did it didn't you. You were the one who made it rain. You did a weather spell when there were no rain clouds!"

"Oh God!" His face had twisted into a sorrowful mask of pain. 

"I'm sorry" she said a little garbled as if it was pushed out of her like air out of a balloon. 
Something she'd done had made this person sad. 

"You've lost a lot of speech. This is even worse than the last time. I have to tell your mother I've found you everyone's been looking for three  days" 

"I'm sorry" she said again like an automaton. 

"Stop saying that... It's ok you don't have to-

You always do that when someone's upset you always apologize like it's your fault!"

She stared blankly at him.

"This is all his fault! If he had just talked to you and given you closure  instead of doing it the way he did none of this would have happened. He's so damed selfish and I wish I'd never introduced you to each other!" 

Tears ran like rain down the young mans face. It looked a little ugly..... His face was made for smiling. 

Something deep within her felt like that too felt ugly and teary but it was so far down it was no more than an echo in a vast wood. 

"Where Is home?" She asked. Tasting the word as if it was brand new. 

If possible the young man looked even more devastated.

"Who are you?" 

"Your best friend. Some friend I turned out to be." He said rubbing at his beautiful face. 

I introduced you to the love of your life and you were together for four years. You got each other through so much you were a really cute couple. You were both very happy. You had a wonderful home together. 

Then all of a sudden the just up and left one day. He left everything behind. 

You were very sad and your heart broke. You lost your hope. You ran off a few days ago" 

"I'm sorry"

She said. She didn't feel anything at all. 

The young man gently took her hand and gently pulled her towards the path. 

"You'll never be the same now... We could fix it the last time but I think you went too far now." 

"I'm sorry" she said. 


