Sweat rolled down his bare chest as he rounded the corner at a dead sprint. For a split second he thought he was going to slip or turn his ankle and he had to suppress the urge to giggle.  He knew he was on the verge of panic. He could see it, like a man witnessing a car crash right outside his living room window. 

He could hear them chasing him. The footsteps, faster than his. He could already feel their arms restraining him, their hands battering his body. They were stronger. Smarter. His plan had fallen apart and he knew with absolute certainty that escape was no longer an option. They would catch him and... 

...and what? Kill him? Perhaps. Perhaps the mob--how many now? Fifty? A hundred?--would simply tear him to pieces. Perhaps worse. Maybe they would render him down into some kind of nutrient paste. Maybe they would vivisect him to see what a "primitive savage" looked like on the inside. Maybe they would carve his skull open to install an implant that would force him to obey. Maybe he would still be awake while they did it. Maybe...

It didn't matter. He had surrendered to the inevitability of his failure. He clenched his fist around the small device--some kind of electronic key--and grinned. He would fail, but not before he exposed the truth. He would see what they were hiding behind The Door. 

His lungs felt like they were going to burst out of his chest, and each ragged breath felt like sandpaper in his throat. But just ahead he could see it. The Door. 

The racing footsteps were closer now. It didn't matter. He slammed into the door at top speed at almost the same moment the excited murmuring of the crowd crashed around the corner. Soon they would have him. 

He stabbed the key into its socket. Nothing happened. He felt despair wash over him. It stole every last ounce of strength in his body, and he collapsed to his knees. The footsteps were nearly on top of him. 

*Click*.

He smiled. The smile of a man seeing a beautiful sunset from the gallows. With the last bit of fire left in his soul he lunged for the door, grasped the handle, turned to face his pursuers, and flung it open.

"Ah, **HA**!" he cried. 

The crowd slowed and stopped a dozen feet away. They looked at him--no, past him, into the room behind. The murmuring faltered, then faded. Some of them looked puzzled. Perhaps not *all* of them were in on it, he conceded. 

Slowly, triumphantly, he turned his head. 

A series of large, clear pipes protruded from the floor, walls, and ceiling. They all ran into a large vat made of the same translucent material. The brown sludge flowing from the pipes and into the vat was, without a doubt, shit. Rivers of crap flowing into a great brown sea. A sign proclaimed in great bold letters WASTE RECYCLING.

"Are you ok?" Someone asked. 

"Is he ok?" He heard it repeated from a dozen, a score of different voices. 

He heard someone cry out, a mournful sound. It was him. He was back on his knees.

"Why were you chasing me?" he sobbed.

The people in the front of the crowd looked confused. 

"You were running. At first we thought it was a game. Then we were worried you might be unwell." The speaker paused and looked at the woman next to him. He looked like a man who was very worried he was making a bad situation worse.

"ARE YOU OK?" Someone shouted from the back. 

He shook his head slowly, then emphatically. He was *not* ok. As tears fell down his cheeks and the people in the front of the crowd moved forward to wrap him in a warm, tender embrace he realized that the only thing wrong with this place was him. 