They feared us. On the surface we were shamed as filthy, degenerate, malicious people. Since the 3rd Enlightenment, people like me have lived as public enemies. They made it nearly impossible to get a job, a loan, or even medical treatment. All because we were "unclean".   These laws were meant to ensure order, lest a rogue liar tried to topple the government and bring down civilization. Because that's obviously what a liar would do. 

Of course, the rich liars stayed rich because they had to money to cover up their mistakes but those without that luxury were shunted to the edges of society. The unassuming liars were able to live with the Truthers, and since the trials of '09, '10, and '11, we're all that's left of the common liar. To reveal your status was not only a death wish unto your self, but to others. The secret police would hunt down the liar, and punish anyone who could have possibly helped us. That is why most of us never tell anyone, for guilt by association alone is enough to be executed. Most of us  keep to our selves.

I had planned to do that myself, until I met her. She had the biggest smile and I fell for it. I had my a few experiences with with dating, but those were during the year's following the Enlightenment. 10 years later, liars are less afraid. Not that that means they're in less danger, but the threat of torture and execution is smaller since they wiped out so many. That's why, before the day I would propose, I told her. Watching her face fall, and the fear growing in her eye, I instantly regretted it. 

"Claire, please forgive me. I promise, not telling you was the only thing I've ever lied to you about" I kept saying, as I fought tears back. 
"I wish things were different" she hollowly responded.
I began to feel desperate, afraid I would lose the only person I trusted. "But I'm still me! You know me!" 
"No, I know what you told me. How can I trust you? How can I believe you when you told me you loved me? When you said you'd never leave, when you said you only saw me, when you neglected to tell me something integral to who you are?" She paused, before continuing "You didn't tell me who you were. Do you realize that you've put me in danger, put my family in danger? I don't trust you because, when I asked you if you would ever lie to me, you said you wouldn't. You lied to me."
"C-claire! I only lied then because I was afraid you wouldn't want to be with me! If I had told you, I knew you would reject me. I feared you would report me." 
"I wouldn't have done that."
