If you count yourself as one of the gullibles who actually pays attention when the Speaker broadcasts interrupt our pay routines, you probably believe them when they say that 200,000 years ago, the Gods of Alpha granted our ancestors permission to begin the journey to Beta as a reward for their service in the Infinity War. If you believe that, like as not you also buy the story that the journey will never end until every last one of us aboard the Coloship obeys the Articles in both thought and action.

I haven't the evidence to answer to my own satisfaction the great questions of our time; I cannot say where we really come from, if indeed we began somewhere else. I don't know whether the Ship was built by man or given to us by the Gods. What I can say is it's convenient that the Engeer and Food Maker pay routines are longer now than they were when I was young, while the Speakers and Overseers eat enough that they store the excess on their bodies in unsightly folds. My child thinks it normal, but I still recall the surprise all of us Faminers first felt at seeing such strangely shaped bodies reposed on the Dais in the Food Hall. It was they who first discovered the Articles. Every plate in the food hall has one of the articles printed right onto it. Today is a "Spirit belongs to the Workers" day. I smile. That's fortunate, since I've little else. My child, like every other child until his 100th pay routine will get number one, "Obey your Maker". Some Guider must have thought that a sensible way to forestall the rambunctiousness and vandalism Faminer children like me were prone to until they're old enough to settle down. Something different was to happen today, however. Hapto looked up at me with his big eyes, showed me his cleaned plate, and smiled. On it was written the eleventh and final Article. "Beta belongs to the unborn"

I smiled back. "That's good luck you know. I was never any good at obeying my own Maker anyway."

I was pondering what Hapto would have to call his own when his turn came to make a child when a Guider entered, climbed the Dais and whispered something to the Speaker on duty that made him seem very confused for a moment. 

"We have a very important announcement to make. All hands to the waste discharge port as soon as possible please."

Upon arrival, it was clear that what we thought of as the waste discharge port wasn't a waste discharge port at all. It was a place where two ships could enter one another like a man and a woman making love. Even from the back of the gathering crowd, I could see a doorway to another Coloship was opening. Out of it stepped some of the strangest creatures I had ever seen. 

They were tall. Very tall. Near twice as high as that Sports Champion who was pre-selected for service in the Guarders. They weren't lanky by any stretch - their muscle mass was proportional to their overall size and it was immediately obvious that they weren't to be trifled with in a fight. As they removed their helmets from their exosuits one could see that their skin was pigmented with a variety of different colors. Some were pale like us, but others were yellow, and some a deep brown. 

"Ni hao"

There was an audible gasp as one of them waved and at us and spoke these strange words.

"They probably speak European, not Common. Hello friends! Welcome to the Trappist System. We've been awaiting your arrival for some time. After you left we developed FTL technology and managed to beat you here. Judging by the look of you, our evolutionary paths seem to have diverged a bit. It only took Homo Sapiens 200,000 years to 'spring forth' from Erectus, if you will, and bioengineering is common now besides, so I suppose that's to be expected..."

I don't think any of us knew what he was talking about. One curious female I know from Engeering walked up to the talkative one, as if in a haze, and touched his face. Others began their obeisance routine. The Speaker from today's Dais was crying. I mustered up what courage I had left in my grey hairs and asked the question that made me feel so unpopular and unwanted when I last spoke it:

"Where do we come from, really?"

The talkative one seemed mildly surprised. "Don't you know? A full copy of Wikipedia and the Internet were uploaded onto this ship's computer systems before you departed Earth 200,000 years ago. Small scale proxy conflicts during the second interwar period gradually escalated into a Third World War that went nuclear. The Atlantic Union's capabilities in this respect were underestimated; they only lost a few major population centres while the nations of the Eurasian Alliance were substantially depopulated. A global holocaust was narrowly averted, and the survivors had learned an important lesson the hard way - the only way to they could ensure the survival of their race was by eradicating tribal forms of separation at all levels of human society, and by colonizing multiple planets outside of their solar system. The first idea didn't... err... pan out so well until bioengineering got off the ground and made concepts of race and class identity obsolete. The latter idea worked out pretty well, however. We've gleaned that primitives from the first ship arrived at the Alpha Centauri just a few thousand years ago. They will soon be integrated into the Union. The second colony ship is still en-route to a planet that we've ascertained is not actually habitable with their level of technology. Oops. Bad luck I guess. We'll redirect them elsewhere without making them aware of it. They're getting along fine with a form of government that borrows from Earth's Marxist/Democratic heritage. Our sociologists have demonstrated analytically that that system of organisation doesn't respond well to psychological shocks. The third vessel is a ghost ship; all hands lost. We still don't know what happened there. Another team is looking into it now. You fine people are inhabiting the fourth colony ship."

"Where are we going? To Heaven? Or somewhere else?"

"Uh... well, I suppose no-one knows for sure if any of us are going to Heaven when we die, but we can't allow you to colonize the Trappist system. We've just landed our own people on the most hospitable planets. The terraforming process on the others is still underway. You're more than welcome to remain here in orbit if you wish, but we've also cordoned off a Museum Island back on Earth if you'd prefer to live planetside."

So the Gods were real after all. I could've sworn it wasn't so. Tradition held that but for Alpha and Beta, every planet in the universe was a frozen rock or sunblasted desert. That was why we couldn't leave the Coloship. It seems like the Speakers were mistaken about that. They had made another error even more gruesome, however. Every time someone stepped out of line, committed a crime or violated the Articles, they told the offender and everyone in his family the same thing. We will never reach Beta unless you obey the Articles in thought and deed. Well, we have reached Beta, and I sure as hell don't obey the Articles except when I have to. 

Beta doesn't belong to the unborn. It will belong to me and mine.

TBC?

The Eleven Articles
1) Obey your Maker
2) Fulfill your assigned routines with celerity and good cheer 
3) Consume goods frugally, produce happiness lavishly
4) Refrain from overproduction of humans
5) Spirit belongs to the Workers
6) Vengeance belongs to the Guarders
7) Responsibility belongs to the Guiders
8) Leadership belongs to the Speakers
9) Alpha belongs to the dead
10) Duty belongs to us
11) Beta belongs to the unborn