"You know Norman, you have been a great asset to this company. A real part of our team. We will be sorry to see you go."

Norman looked up from his hands which rested on his wrinkled tie. Shaking hands on a similarly wrinkled, lightly dehydrated piss colored shirt, which, as he had forgotten, was purchased almost 60 years ago at a wheelchair convention.

Slightly startled by the voice of Elbert, if he had the strength to be jolted, he would have given the appearance of jolting. You see, Norman had not noticed the man was in his cubicle. Norman smiled at him, dis-allocated his dentures from his gums, closed his mouth, maintaining the smile, though now it appeared a bit creepy. His chin had a few to many layers to it, and his eyes were mildly vacuous. He said nothing, nodded, and got back to work.

Elbert sighed as he turned and waddled out of the cubicle. He thought to himself, "Why is it my responsibility to make the rounds to all the old ones?" His hips had been replaced a few years ago, and on top of that he had a casual revulsion to walking which stemmed from his obesity. He truly found the whole business distasteful.

Norman looked up from his screen, a twinkle in his previously vacant eyes. He chuckled, his whole face seeming to squelch as he forced air out of his mouth. He rolled his wheelchair out from his desk, turned it slowly, and headed to the watering hole.

With great determination he ignored the other employees as he slowly (rapidly by his standards) wheeled past their cubicles. Most would not look up. Most were deaf. The company was drowning in senile old people. They muttered, wandering about, drinking coffee. Those who couldn't drink coffee, that is, if their kidneys forbid it, wandered all the same, but with  I.V. bags hanging from what looked like personalized coat racks.

Norman continued on his way, he had no coat rack, thank goodness. Instead, many years ago, his great great great grandson at the age of 22 had created some abstract art out of his wheelchair. Norman hated it. But the kid, well man now, had spent some time on it, really focusing in on getting vomit green cubes right.

"Oh shit" he muttered, as Elbert reappeared, accompanied by Janice, his disgustingly young secretary. She was barely 85, and had that awful perky look about her, even though her nose was constantly running or bleeding. He suspected she was an avid cocaine user. Of course, no one used cocaine anymore, it was passe.

Elbert sort of rolled up, Janice in tow. His fat legs giving the impression that motion was a sort of constant battle between gelatin in the rear and gelatin in the fore.


Norman tried to wheel faster, but was caught as Janice pressed the break button on his fucking artsy wheelchair.

"Norman... have some cake."

"God dammit Janice I am not eating any of your cake. I know exactly what my blood sugar is, I can see it on my monitor. I am not dying, I am not leaving, and I am not gonna take any more of your coke filled nonsense." He thought to himself. He said, "What? Save some lake?" He cupped one of his ears, which was so large it didn't really fit in his, well I suppose you would call it more of an attempt at a cupped hand.

Janice began to speak again, but was interrupted by Elbert. "Listen Norman, it is really time for you to go. We can't keep paying you anymore. We are trying to be polite about this, but really, you have got to retire."

Norman sat there looking at him. An expression of what one might call solipsism on his face. He said, " Alright, I will think about."

Janice: "Now Norman you said you would think about it last time, and that was 5 years ago! It really is time for you to move on." She sniffed un-surreptitiously.

Norman was disgusted. Elbert was a fat bastard and Janice a coke whore, and he worked harder than either of them and had barely even used the company provided health insurance! Why should he be thrown under the bus? He wanted to show them, to make them understand how important he really was to the company. They didn't even deserve him!

He put his hands on the arm rests of his wheelchair. He began to stand.

Both of them looked shocked. Since he had started working there he had never stood, not once!

He stood at his full impressive height of 4 foot 3 inches. Norman said, "I appreciate you both, very much!" And then he collapsed back into his chair. 

As though this affirmation was conclusive, he pursed his lips, frowned, and satisfied he reached down over his arm rest and pushed the break button. Then  he heeled around Janice and Elbert. The look of shock on their faces only broken when blood began leaking out of Janice's nose and she sucked it back in with a vicious sniff.


