I was born like a lot of people in prison. I took my first breath when someone pulled a sharpened toothbrush out of my chest. I spent my days like everyone else, absorbing the brown lumps into my rectum for nourishment and then, a while later, pulling various bits and pieces out of my mouth and putting them on a tray. It was a personal game of mine trying to figure out what would come out based on the shape of the brown stuff that went in. Peanuts and corn seemed to go right through, although they multiplied like you wouldn't believe. A few kernels would turn into enough to fill a cob. Another rule was that if it burned going in, it was going to burn coming out. I swear I'll never spit a mouthful of hot sauce into a bottle again!  
  
Some days I would wake up with aches and bruises all over me and my fellow inmates would put their fists and knees on me and make the pain go away. One time one of them put a tooth into my mouth just by touching my cheek! I read something about that in the prison library once. "Laying-on of hands" I think it was called. Supposedly a rare miracle, but it seemed to happen all the time in here. I was lucky to be in the presence of so many faith healers.  
  
Eventually they let me out. I had to turn in my fresh uniform for a dirty t-shirt and jeans, which was kind of a bummer, but at least I was seeing the outside for the first time. They gave me a ride in the front of the police car while they drove in the back. I have no idea how they could navigate so well without seeing where they were going. I mean, I know they have that little mirror, but every time they looked into it, they were just staring at me.  
  
Once they let me out of the car, they backed away from me with their guns drawn on me before jumping back into the car and driving off. Those kidders! I looked around and noticed a pair of legs sticking out of an alleyway nearby. I walked over and saw a lady lying there, and she looked really hurt! She wasn't breathing and had these really nasty bruises around her neck. There was blood all around her head. I thought about all those times I had been given the healing touch in prison. Would I be able to do it? I gently laid my hands on her throat, but it didn't do anything. I panicked and started gripping her throat tighter while shaking her head up and down. That seemed to do the trick! Her hair was absorbing the blood and soon her eyes opened and she reached up to grab my wrists to let me know she was OK. I stood up and helped her up, then she smiled at me as I walked away, smiling back and waving. I had only been outside for an hour and I was already helping people. It felt pretty good, and I couldn't wait to help everyone I met!