She breathed out slowly, centering herself and aiming the rake at the mirror. The air stilled around her as every bit of attention in the universe seemed to focus on this moment. She pulled back, careful to keep her aim on point. The prongs of the rake were skewed from the last few hits, but she could feel the rightness of this shot. It spoke to her gut like a shot of fresh tequila or the unexpected kiss of a pretty young thing. She smiled and swung. Her hips followed through perfectly this time.

\*WHAM\*

The rake connected and sent an electric jolt right up her arms. For a moment she wondered if she'd misunderstood that feeling or been deluding herself. She could feel panick closing in on her chest and--and the world dissolved away, to be replaced with the perfect, pearly white sand of her own private beach and a picturesque sunset on the horizon casting the whole scene in a burnt sienna glow of contentment. She froze, letting the place douse every bit of her soul in its perfect serenity. Breath bated and muscles aching to be dropped from the full extension she now supported awkwardly, she held onto that moment like it would evaporate if she blinked. She blinked. It evaporated.

She was back on the street, rake in her hand. The car alarm erupted and she nearly dropped the rake and ran, terrified that this one would bring the police. They always tried to stop her. She knew how crazy she sounded to them, screaming about a beach that nobody but her could go to. She knew that you didn't get to beaches by hitting cars with rakes. Not unless you were her. Not unless the beach was hers. She moved onto the next car. The last one was used up and offered nothing for her. She lifted the rake and aimed at the side of the vehicle. The rake was her dowsing rod and somewhere, the perfect angle would take her back to her forever-home and away from this gritty existence. She could feel it in her veins and she knew no drug would get her higher. She just had to find the right angle. She dusted her feet off, sand falling off of her naked toes, planted her feet and sucked a new breath in.