I have seen this man before. In my dreams maybe? At work? I can't be sure but he just gives me the heebie jeebies! The thing that bothers me the most is he isn't like the rest of us. Clean shaven, bald shiny head, all while wearing short old man cargo shorts, and a Hawaiian button up half way undone. Not a scar in sight. From the day you are borning you lie, either by words or crying for milk when you really just want attention. 

How does this man who looks like he is 3 centuries old carlessly show off his body, and not show a single scar? This make could not have lived a perfect life! I planned on inviting him to lunch the next day. As wierd as he is Im baffled. So many people must ask him every day but maybe if I bought his food he wouldn't be as upset getting asked again.

The next day tragedy struck the world. People all over the globe were getting sick. Weeks go by, more sickness and no clue what if happening. Everyone starts praying to their god. Soon enough people are dying because of mutations in the sickness. Different people different changes. I'm starting to think about the old man again and how lucky he is.
He doesnt have to worry about heaven or hell, hos life was perfect.

A month goes by I wild assume he has died by now. The elderly seemed to receive the sickess the fastest and die first. WHO still has not made any progress on a cure. Ive fallen ill myself now. My scarred body, I am aching, my skin burns. I know ai am going to die soon. One day though, the old man showed up at my door!

"How ya doing young man?", he asked with cheer in his voice?

"Why are here? And who are you?", I said with such haste it surprised even me.

Even with my rude demeanor, he was still able to smile and say, "Oh I think you know me quite well!" He walked past me and sat down on my couch. " For your information I DO have one scar. But it just make be too much for you to see." He began to smirk.

"I am dying," I replied, " You already know that I am curious about it just help me have some peice of mind before I die!"

He laughed out loud shaking my room. "Fine but remember this is to help you 'relax with piece of mind!" When he unbuttoned his shirt all i could do was stare. For he did not lie he only had 1 scar. But the horric scene was unsettleing. He had NO heart just and empty scabbed up hole where it was. "It is gone because I made the biggest lie of them all, the one that would define the worlds ending, and undoing!"

Stammering in fear I only had 1 response, " convincing the world that you didnt exist,  Satan??   

"BWahaha!" His voice shook the house this time! "Poor humans you all think that i have to try and hide when in all reality," he laughed again spliting open my scars," A few centuries back all i had to do was find 12 people and tell them there was another option!

My heart stopped and the laat ai remember is his blurry shadow against my wall. His outline isn't human anymore though. It's ungodly.....
