After a while he quit showing up.

She knew he loved her back. She also knew that they could never truly be together, no matter how many people she sent to the reaping. 

It had started with those already on their way, she had just given them an extra shove in the right direction. Nursing homes became the setting for their frequent trysts, among the oxygen cylinders and frantic nurses.

Eventually the easy targets weren't enough. He couldn't do it, he said. Protocol and all that. She knew, though, if it was a truly special death, he'd have to come. And she'd make him.

That's when she decided to get creative. It almost became an art form to take a lives. She was like the Bob Ross of murder, sending one soul after the other to be greeted by Death, because everyone needed a friend or twenty.

Finally, he told her that she was disrupting the balance. That he was being forbidden from returning and that all they had together had been a lustful lie. That he would never see her again.

But she knew better.

The first infection wasn't so successful. It had spread well, but the cure was found too quickly. It took years before she had perfected the ultimate virulent bio-weapon. It was transmitted through the air and the water. Every cough and sneeze spread it so efficiently it was nearly impossible not to be exposed. The key, she thought, was the dormancy period. She knew it would spread globally within a month. It wouldn't be until then that the first inkling of a pandemic would be noticed by the global health organizations.

It took a year before 90% of the world's population was dead. They called it the New Black Plague. She called it love.

And she waited for him to appear. She went to every mass grave, hoping she might find him there. But alas, she walked an empty earth seeking a lover that was nothing but a ghost to her, now.

It seemed like she had seen almost every decaying corpse on earth before she finally saw him, standing upon a pile of bodies, his black robes flowing in the wind and the sun glinting from his scythe.

"You came," she whispered, struggling to find her balance upon the summit of the mound of flesh.

"You killed the world, my love. Just for me," he smiled as she came next to him, reaching a skeletal hand up to brush her cheek. 

"There's nothing I wouldn't do for us to be together," she said, wrapping her arms around his cloth clad rib cage and squeezing tight enough to hear his bones click in protest.

"I knew the day would come. There is but one thing left for me to do."

She leaned back and looked up into his eye sockets, tears staining her cheeks. "What is that, my love?"

"I must reap the final soul."

He shoved her backwards and reared his scythe, bringing it down in a smooth motion. Her flesh tore beneath its razor edge and she was cleaved in twain, falling into a heap among the pile.

As her astral form rose from the earth, her longing eyes looked down upon Death, her screams unheard as she was hoisted upward by an unseen force.

"Farewell, my love," Death muttered as he shattered into a million pieces, drifting into the wind like so many tar-black ashes.

And then the world was silent.


