“I don't understand why you despise your abilities so much.” Ewan, my best friend said. “At least they're interesting!”

“The only thing interesting about them is that no one knows what they'll be!” I quickly retorted. 

“Exactly!” Ewan shot back. “No one knows what they'll be, no one knows when they'll manifest, no one knows anything! At least you have hope… Any minute now I should get-”

“You get to fit in! Wherever you go, you'll find acceptance!” This was a subject I'd thought about, long and hard. 

You see, everything about all the other powers was known, mapped out over the decades since the manifestation first occurred. Ewan’s midwestern powers would manifest around 16, a West coast kid’s powers would manifest around 17, East coast at 13, and southern before 11. Different regions had their own powers, and different ages they manifested at. You could find someone with any power in a large city, from an Israeli sandstormer to a Canadian ice mage to a Peruvian Al Paca shepherd. Yeah, that's a power apparently. I don't get it either. 

But even before my powers set in I knew I would be unique. See, powers depended on where you were born, and I was the first person born in space.

“Acceptance? I don't want acceptance!” Ewan was getting flustered at this point. “I want to be able to control fire like the Sicilians! To mold steel with my bare hands like I was born in Damascus! To flood rivers at will like an Egyptian! Not this bogus, boring, run of the mill ability to-”

“You're still missing the point!” It doesn't  matter how many times we have this conversation, Ewan will never understand what I'm trying to say. “No matter where you go, people will accept you. Your powers will be familiar and understood! No one will cower in fear of you, like they will the ‘Alien’. I know that's what they call me. Hey, do you smell cow manure?” 

“We’re probably just driving past a field.” Ewan responded, even though we were just passing the outskirts of Chicago, on the megabus back to our home. “Any power you get will be cooler than mine.” 

Ewan always walked away from this conversation flustered, but recently it had been getting worse. He was born near the border, so it wasn't certain whether he would inherit the Canadian powers sporadically found in Minnesota or the power native to the rest of the Midwest. He'd never admit it, but I think he'd resigned himself to the idea that-

“WHAT IN TARNATION” The driver, obviously a southerner, yelled from the front of the bus. Ewan and I looked up from our conversation to see what was happening. Out the windows, it looked like strong winds were blowing, shoving the corn stalks back and forth violently. 

“Damn, strong winds.” Ewan muttered, still obviously upset.

“Explains why the bus is shaking, at least.” I said. “I was worried for a second that I'd gotten my powers without realizing it, and couldn't control them. I'm just scared I might hurt someone.”

At that moment we heard an enormous crash, the shattering of glass. Corn cobs were flying in through the windows! 

Ewan sat with his jaw near on the floor, staring in disbelief at the commotion.

“Well Ewan,” I started, “I know you were hoping to make it back to Iowa before they hit, but congrats on the powers!”

Ewan twisted towards me, distraught. “Snow… I wanted it to be snow.” He wailed. I could barely hold in the laughter at this point.

“WHY DID IT HAVE TO BE CORN?”
