There was a shudder. At first I thought it was the elevator, but it was distant, DEEPER. Gravity disintegrated. My hand gripped the rail as my legs nearly collapsed under me. The elevator plummeted, and the sound of the walls screaming reached a cacophony. I tried to scream, but couldn’t catch my breath. 

Then suddenly, everything was dark, still and silent. I opened my eyes and the lights had returned. I rubbed my eyes and stood up. Everything felt brighter, lighter. Even the walls of the elevator felt like a different. How long had I been out?

I quickly checked my watch. About 2 hours. I beat on the door. 

“LET ME OUT! ANYONE THERE?!”

I glance at the elevator controls. What the hell? The controls are flat, illuminated squares on a screen. This is not the elevator I got into. I slowly reach over and press “Open”. The door dings and opens quickly. As I step into the lobby, I breathe a sigh of relief. The relief fades quickly. 

There’s a man standing in front of me with headphones on. The headphones don’t seem to have a cord. I had seen wireless speakers, but these were tiny, white, and too small to have a battery. I didn’t have time for crazies. I needed to call my wife, explain what had happened. 

But as I looked around, I realized there was more. The man held a small, illuminated notepad. No, not a notepad, a computer? A tiny computer screen without buttons...

The woman next to him also was staring at one, this one held up like a mirror. She smiled at the screen and I realized she was taking a photo. Where was the camera? The doorman sat in front of huge screens, one displaying the name of the building, one displaying the news. I need to get to a phone. 

“Excuse me sir, do you have a phone I can use?” I ask. 

The doorman just stared at the computer in his hand. I noticed he too, was wearing very small headphones in his ear. I turned and ran to the door, pushing it hard. It didn’t budge. I suddenly noticed it was very foggy outside; so foggy I couldn’t see more than two feet away from the building. I could hear the city, but it was distant and faded, like it was miles away instead of feet. 

I shrug the feeling away and mumble to myself, “Since when do the lock the door during the day?”

I turned to the doorman again, waving my arm to get his attention. I yell at him, “Hey buddy, can you unlock the door?!”

He ignored me. I walked up to him and tapped him on the arm. He jumped and looked at me. 

“CAN I USE YOUR PHONE? OR AT LEAST UNLOCK THE DOOR?!”

He looked through me, like he didn’t see me. He looked around, even over the desk, as if someone was hiding from him. The door opened and a young girl walked in, the fog swirling into the building. 

Dismissing him, I move back to the door , “Can you hold the door?” It quickly falls shut, and I stop, dropping my arms in exasperation. “Thanks kid.”

The girl glances at me, a strange look in her eyes. “You Sam?” she asks. I stop in my tracks, looking at her closer.

“Yes? I’m Sam. Sam Werner?”

She holds out her hand. “Hi Sam. Got a job for you.”

I looked at her, dumbfounded. “Well I have a job, sweetie,” I chuckled, “right here in this building.” 

She walked over to the bench, and took a seat. “Not anymore, Sam.” 

I laughed, but there was a seriousness to her. An air of wisdom and age. She patted the spot next to her.

I held up a hand and shook my head, rejecting the gesture. She shrugged and looked at me, emotionless.

“No sense beating around the bush with you, Sam. You’re dead.” She looked at me matter of factly. “For 20 years now.”

My head swirled. She seemed to wait a moment for everything to fall into place. No one seemed to notice us. The doorman has returned to his screen. Outside the front windows was a foggy mist. I couldn’t see through it. The man and the woman entered the elevator. As the door shut, I knew she was right. 

She stood up again, extending her hand, “I’m Death.” I started to laugh, but looked into her eyes and felt fear, patience, purpose. There was no denying the truth.

I slowly reached out my hand, “What KIND of a job?”

