"Damn that Xheno. If I could just crush his fucking neck." Seethed Johanas. 

"Sir... you can't. Law...." Said the meek lieutenant. 

"I don't give a fuck about law. Law can go fuck itself for all I care. We're at war lieutenant, don't forget that. We can do anything, call Xheno a Jap. We can cut off his head then."

"Commander... I... we... we can't. We can't fight amongst ourselves when the Japs are coming for us. They'll... they'll have a full nuclear arsenal. We barely have enough Adrine bombs."

"We'll make Adrine bombs. I don't give a shit. We're at war green boy. You've never seen war, have you?"

"Well sir... uh... no I haven't but-"

"I've seen more wars than the fingers on your hands. I know more than you. Shut up and get out of my sight before I demote you to a soldier." 

That had hurt. Donale had been born with a deformation that left his right hand swollen like a balloon, and with a huge amount of fingers. "Yes sir." Said Donale as he shuffled out of the large hall. "He'll want me to get the nukes up," thought Donale as he walked down a narrow corridor. 

He reached a vaulted door with a body scanner at the side. He stepped into it and let it enclose him in a mold that just barely fit him. The fumes it gave off were making him sleepy. "I'll have to tell him about it. But he'll probably kick me out again." He thought. 

Finally the seal opened, and the computer gave him the all clear to move in. He grabbed his coat and began to walk towards the next security check.

He reached the end of the security checks and he walked into the control panel. "C'mon Donale, you've got a degree in operating Ardine bombs, you can do this, right?" He said to himself. He took a deep breath and he typed away on the keyboards with his one useful hand. 

At last, after an hour of working out the trajectories, where to shoot the bombs, and the formalities, the computer gave that satisfying Access Granted that he loved so much. Donale ordered in his subordinates.

"Yessir." Said the whole group at the same time. 

"I want you to arm every Ardine bomb we have with warheads." Said Donale in a voice accustomed to being obeyed.

"But... but sir. We'll have to check all of the missiles first. They've been there for more than a century."

"I don't give a fuck, and neither does the commander. Get those Ardine bombs armed, and we'll crush those Japs once in for all."

"Yessir."

"And one more thing, whatever your name is, I don't think it's wise to be disrespectful to your superiors. Get lost now."

"Yessir." Said the whole group as they turned around and left. 

"That's one more hassle out of the way...." Muttered Donale to nobody in particular.



"Sir," Screamed the young Brigadier, "We've got the Ardies online. The warheads are armed. With your permission, we'll launch."

"Launch," Donale replied, "Right now."



EDIT (Added some more writing, but not completely done yet):



"Yessir," yelled the young Brigadier as he saluted and turned around. He slapped the nuclear scientist next to him and said, "You heard the boss, get your lazy asses moving. Launch them."

"But s-sir, the bombs. We can't launch them without proper testing. W-we can risk killing all of our civilians. This is unethi-"

"The boss doesn't give a damn, launch them. If we don't, Xheno'll screw us with his Ardine bombs. We can't have that, can we?"

"B-but, then we'll be giving the Japs the oppurtunity to spread propagan-"

"I'll have your head off if you don't do this." Spat the Brigadier.

"Okay, just don't have my head off if this fails"

"What's this, insubordination? Guards have his head off."

"N-no sir, I beg of you. I'll go get the bombs ready."

"Get lost."

"Yessir."

The Brigadier walked over to the launch controls, and he gave their Adrine bases scattered across the world the all clear to begin launching the bombs. 

"Walk with me." ordered Donale to the Brigadier. 

"With pleasure sir, but to where."

"The Commander."

They walked back down the corridor, past the high security vaults, the cameras, the dozing workers, the whole shabang. "You know," said the Brigadier, "I think the scientist was right, we might be playing ourselves here. If they mess up the slightest bit we'll be totally screwing ourselves over."

"The Commander has commanded it," lied Donale, "Do you think that you're in the position to defy the Commander's orders?"

"Well, no. But he's partly insane. Ordering us to launch the Adrine bombs could be a disaster. You know all too well what that shit does, Donale."

That hurt too. His mother had been victim to one of the cruelest Adrine poisonings known to man. His own father killed himself out of the insanity it caused, and his mother followed. He was the only person known to have survived Adrine poisoning. The only person to have it flowing through his veins without it tearing him apart, limb by limb. When he was little and he walked around the streets naked, he told himself that he had superpowers. But it was all a lie. It tore his mind apart, and built it up again, and then tore it apart. It was a vicious cycle. But it was also the reason the Commander had selected him, because he could bear pain. 

"Don't speak to me like that, or you'll be the one in an Adrine tank." He was gentle to the young Brigadier, because he liked him a bit. His blue, ambitious eyes, and his perfectly formed face, reminded him of himself when he was still innocent. 

"Yessir."

The rest of the walk to the Commander's room was silent.

The two of them asked for entry to the Commander's room. It was denied. They protested, but they were shooed away. They were only granted entry when they threw the guards to the dogs. 

They walked into the Commander's room, and were greeted by a writhing body, frothing at the mouth. The young Brigadier rushed to the Commander's help in feigned sorrow, "Sir, please. Speak to me. You can't leave us now."

"Leave him." Said Donale.

"But why?"

"He's having an Adrine attack. I thought you knew what the shit did to people?"

"I'm sorry for that. But the Commander's dying. We'll be fucked in the war without him."

"It happens every day, he'll cut your throat if he finds out you've seen him like this. Leave the room, I can help with him." Donale paused and pointed to his arm, "As you can see I have experience." The young Brigadier meekly left the room. Donale grinned, "The Commander thinks he can fuck with me, does he? Well I'll show him that Donale will hit back with double." Proclaimed Donale as he reached into this pocket. He pulled out a small box labeled medicine. His grin widened into a smile as he pulled out the Adrine pills. "You think you can try poisoning me with this shit. You thought you could abuse me just like that." He said as he turned the pills around in his fingers. "Well think again. I'll poison you with this shit. And I'll abuse you, just like that." Donale lay down next to the writhing, frothing body and he began shoving Adrine pills down the Commander's throat. The Commander made choking noises and he threw up many times, ruining his already wet uniform. Donale relished every moment of it. And right before the Commander died, he blew some Fairy's Dust on him. The Commander sat up straight, and wrote his will right then and there. After which he fell on his back and died. "You played yourself," Muttered Donale as he put on a sad face, and went to tell the army, "I'm Commander now."