I thought it a waste to sire so many capable children only to send them to me before they could leave their mark upon the world. Quality does hold a higher value over quantity after all. The number of souls I collect means nothing. I do not require petty offerings and prayers to grow in power. Instead, I would much rather wait to savor a well-worn soul that has experienced much of what life in their world has had to offer. To prematurely cut the strings of individuals capable of so much seemed a waste. What harm was there to let them live a little longer? A century, an eon, an eternity. Time holds no meaning to me as I could find infinity in the single beat of a hummingbird's wing, or the birth and return of an entire universe might go by in the blink of an eye.

Nowadays, I patiently watch over a young prince. His father a king, but his mother a commoner of no status. She was delivered to me early on in the prince's life by scheming royal wives and their servants. The young prince is an outcast among his many half-siblings who taunt him for the circumstances of his birth, but this prince pays no attention to them. Despite his youth, he is someone who I have followed his entire life. Tormented by his half-siblings and their mothers, all who grew close to him ended up visiting me ahead of their time. Servants, pets, commomers, and even his lovers tragically met their end at the hands of his family. No longer did anyone wish to be anywhere near him for the fear of losing their lives. 

This prince has known great loss and thus values life in the highest regard. He is sharp of mind and tongue, and possesses the wisdom to conceal his talents. Amongst the many talented in warfare, politics, sciences, and strategy, he possesses a gift none of his siblings understand. It is one granted by me to help him survive and understand the true intentions of those around him. He has made good use of it since his childhood and reached a level of maturity that even his father and his court do not possess. 

Now the time to select a new king has come. The gods seek an audience with me to ask for the prince, but they have done nothing for him. He is mine and none of these upstart mongrels will have anything to do with him. The time for revelation has come as I summon his mother's soul which I have kept by my side. It is to give the young prince closure and put his demons to rest. Only then do I appear, but he is not surprised. After all, I have accompanied him throughout his entire life. He seems more relieved to finally put a face to the feeling he has had all these years. I give my champion a reaping scythe, a cloak to phase between worlds, and a small emerald dagger to revive the fallen. He shakes his head and refuses the gifts, thanking me instead for having guarded him. He will go and conquer with what I have already given to him. 

Truly befitting my champion.