'Great, I have to deal with this now' I thought to myself walking into the reception. I could faintly hear the far off brain chatter. This was going to be a long wait.... Making mental small talk was the worst.

I mean one of the few perks of being a psychic was not meeting strangers. It was really easy. 

Pretty much everyone was was thinking about one of these things: Money, family and, almost without fail, boners; some were figuring out where to put theirs, others were thinking about how to upgrade the one their getting. 

And when contemplating life at that deep level, I can understand why you wouldnt want a want a stranger asking the same asinine questions like: where your'e from and what brings you to town?

And having spent years honing the skill of never making small talk, I take great pride in having mastered the art of no talk.

Unfortunately, This doesnt work with other psychics. If there is one thing I have learnt by reading peoples minds for the last 25years, its that psychic strangers are somehow worse. Its always the same questions over and over again...

'How old were you when you knew? What is the most interesting thought that you have read?' and the inevitable joke about brain fog.... I cant STAND people like that.   

Bracing for the incoming onslaught, I started making my way down the hallway towards the waiting room.

As I got closer to the waiting room I could finally make out what this dude was saying: 

'I know you are listening'.

I wasn't going to break my time-honored of small talk avoidance. 

*You'd have to get up pretty early to fool me into being social.*

'I know you are listening' 

*Nope*

'I know you can hear me. I just want to chat for a bit. I am *really* bored.'

*Ha, good try buddy*

'Come on man, how long you think you can keep this up?'

*You'd be surprised*

'I know you can hear me. I can sense it!' 

As I turned the corner, I did a quick take of the room.  A couple of generic portraits of landscapes hung from 2 of the three walls, there was a slightly yellowish plant sitting in the corner, a few chairs lined up against one of the walls and an empty table in the middle. 

Other than that. It was empty. 

I took my place at on one of the chairs, all the while looking around for the person responsible for this obnoxiousness. 

'Listen man, just tell me how's the weather been treating you?' Came the thought, bodiless thought.

Where was this guy?

*A shit.... I hate myself so much right now:* 'Hey, you know just been a little cloudy.... might be coming down with a case of brain fog.' 

&#x200B;