It's very rare that a Ham Radio picks up any action outside of a random enthusiast hoping to contact a likeminded individual. It's even more rare when a government announcement comes on one. 

The alarm tone was deeply unsettling, and the message even more so. *Barricade all entrances. Do not produce light or sound. Do not be out between 6 p.m. and 8 a.m. Military aid is unavailable.* It repeated on loop for 30 minutes before shutting off. Suddenly, I felt exposed sitting in my RV. My mind raced to all of the zombie and monster movies I had ever seen. My biggest concern was no longer which new show I should start on Netflix in front of a nice campfire, but how should I hide? Where should I hide? Should I look for more adequate shelter? My place of residence was an old rust bucket that I managed to repair and modernize enough to roll around the west while doing online work and the occasional odd job for money. It had no basement or a reserve of food to subsist on for long, but I was lucky enough to be in the lowlands near water and farms. I had plenty of fishing and amateur trapping experience to at least be fed.

I spent the entire night in a state of confusion and constant worry, as if something would jump out at me. I was parked in the hills overlooking a valley of large mansions where the rich farm owners lived which meant I had an overview. 

It was some time around 2 at night that I heard faint sounds. A person screaming as they ran. Another sound followed after. A guttural screech that sounded unnatural. A mix between a low growl and an eagle's cry. I was far outside of the town, which meant this person had to have ran far. Peeking out of my window, I saw a woman clutching a knife, hobbling down the street. A dozen yards down I could see a hunched figure following her closely. A man drenched in blood. His head missing patches of hair. A wild look in his eyes that I could make out even under the dimly lit street light. Then I noticed more movement. Along the side of the road were even more people, stalking the woman as if to ensure that she would not escape in case the man closest to her failed. They were missing all of their hair, running in a way that poorly imitated a bear or a wolf.

 It wasn't long before the woman fell down, which gave the man enough time to overtake her. In a desperate bid for survival, she swung what looked like a knife at him, catching him deep in the chest. It barely even registered as he grabbed her knife arm and tore it straight from the shoulder. The woman's agonizing screams were drowned by the rest of the creatures howling wildly while the man voraciously tore into her ribcage.

As I watched him devour his meal, I realized that I had seen a human get butchered like a pig by another human. The horror sunk into me as I realized I could very well be the next victim. I crept back into bed, suddenly feeling exposed to those things out there, and I realized that I had to adhere to the rules of the broadcast. And the first thing I'd have to do is get a weapon.