I held my glasses in my hand and looked at them.

600 years to survive, during which I'll have to live through hundreds of petty wars of tribal kingdoms, revolutions for freedom and liberty, global conflicts and city-destroying weapons.

I held my glasses in my hand and looked at them. The sky behind them was a uniform whitish-blue puffiness, where clouds and clear sky and even the horizon blurred indistinguishable from each other.

600 years to survive, during which I'll have to dodge smallpox, polio, leprosy, bubonic plague, and a menagerie of other diseases. Even the immunizations I had, for things like measles, mumps, diphtheria, tetnus...oh god, what else did I get for school?...a bunch of others...even those would only last a few more decades. With no booster shots until modern medicine is invented, all the worst infectious diseases mother nature had ever cooked up would have centuries to worm their way into my bloodstream.

I held my glasses in my hand and looked at them. They had a few scratches, right by the nose, that were already there. The hinges were a tiny bit loose.

600 years to survive, during which I'll have to avoid murderers, accidents, starvation, and exposure, for roughly 10 lifetimes.

I held my glasses in my hand and looked at them. Just a few inches from my face; any farther and they would become as blurry as everything else. My vision is 20/750, several steps above legally blind; at least without corrective lenses. I could hear a great flock of birds squawking near me, but couldn't see a single one. I could smell flowers, I must be in a field of them, but the ground looks universally brownish-green. It feels like I'm looking through a window on which Vaseline has thickly smeared.

600 years to survive. I have a remarkable store of knowledge pertinent to next six hundred years. I have always loved history books, and know the political landscape, plans, and outcomes of every major conflict to come. I won a science fair in middle school by building a small working steam engine. Even my knowledge of basic first aid puts me ahead of most doctors of this time. A printing press is remarkably easy to build, and I know exactly the date the Danish tulip crash happened. I can help avoid conflicts, introduce ideas and principles, usher in early advancements and author a future for the human race better than any imaginable. If I can only stay alive, and spread my knowledge.

I held my glasses in my hand and looked at them. I had no idea how to make glasses. They wouldn't be invented for hundreds of years. These weren't just the most valuable thing I owned, they were the most valuable thing on the planet. If they broke, every hope of the glorious future I planned out for humanity went up in a puff of dust. And I would die, too, a helpless and vulnerable blind man in an unfamiliar world.

600 years to survive. That is a long time to keep a pair of glasses in working condition. Normally I replace them every two or three years. I once asked my father, from whom I inherited my bad eyes, what people like us did before powerful glasses were invented.

"We dug in the dirt. We planted potatoes. What else could we do?"