*Thunk Thunk Thunk*

My eyes open as soon as the sound of light tapping hits my ears.

“Dada, there’s a mobster under my bed.”

I sigh in resignation, and turn over.  They say that parenthood can be utter hell, and one of the worst parts is lack of sleep. Everyone says that babies cry throughout the night, but that it gets better.  Bullshit. Four year olds don’t cry, but they sure as hell don’t sleep.  This was the fifth  night in a row that I’ve been awoken from my much needed slumber to attend to my little girl.  I love her to pieces, but goddamit daddy needs some sleep.

“Go back to bed, sweet pea,” I say, trying to keep my voice firm yet unaggressive.  I don’t like yelling at my daughter, even if every sleep-deprived nerve in my body is telling me to.  I always promised I’d be a better father than my own.

“But Dada,” she begins.

“Get!” I cut her off, motioning weakly with my left hand.  I didn’t mean to punctuate the word, but I feel asleep at a weird angle, right on top of my arm, and it had grown numb; I needed to shake some life back into it.  

“OK,” Lizzy says simply, and patters back ton her bedroom.

I yawn deeply and toss, trying to find a comfortable position, but it’s no use: my pillow is hot, the sheets are twisted, and my bladder is going to explode.  I dragged myself out of bed and indulge in a luxurious stretch right before I had down the hall to the bathroom.  

I notice that the light in Lizzy’s room is still on, and a crease forms on my lips.  My little cutie pie was a sweet girl, but this night-time waking was getting out of hand.  Monster tonight, babbling about concrete shoes last night, and then something about sleeping with fishes the night before.

I stumbled in the dark until I found the toilet, raised the lid, and let it rain.  As I was doing my business, I idly wondered if this was just a phase that all pre-schoolers go through, or if it was a sign of a deeper problem.  I mean, all of these little nightmares might mean she was dealing with some serious anxiety.  It had been two years since her mother had died, and I doubt she even remembered Sarah, but could it be signs of childhood loss?  I’d need to speak to Ross.

I finished up and as I was flushing I heard something to make my hair stand end, a sound no father wants to hear coming from the room of his small daughter in the middle of the night: the voice of an unknown man.  I’d have pissed myself, if I hadn’t just finished.

My daddy instincts kick into overdrive.  I grabb the first object I could find and burst into my daughters room, horrified of what I’d find.

“Who the fuck are you!?” I screamed, flailing the toilet plunger madly.

My daughter was at her miniature table, with her porcelain tea set. She had created a mock tea for three, with herself, Floppsy the bunny and….some guy.

He looked startled, but quickly composed himself.  He was a middle aged man. His dark hair was graying and smoothed back with pomade, and his suit looked like it cost about a thousand dollars.  Even sitting, I could tell he wasn’t very tall, but the tiny flowered tea cup he was clutching in his hands made him look like a giant.

“Who the fuck are you!?” I bellowed again, inching closer.  I didn’t want to make any sudden movements, in case he was deranged and had a knife--I couldn’t risk my little girl getting hurt—but I also knew I had to get her to safety.

The man had an oily grin.  He put the tea cup down primly, and began to rise.

“Stay where you are!” I shouted, “I have a gun!”

Of course, I didn’t have a gun, nor was there anywhere I could be hiding it if I had, considering I was standing their in naught but my boxer shorts.  My only weapon at hand was a plunger, with I still held outwards, towards the mysterious stranger.

The man didn’t challenge me, but raised his hands slightly, in a placating gesture, and with a calm smile sat back down.

“Elizabeth, come over here sweety, come to daddy” I said, tightly.  The blood was rushing in my ears, and my heart was in my throat.  My baby.  If anything should happen, if—“

My reveries were broken by Lizzy’s squeaky little voice.

“Dada! Stop being mean to my fwiend.  We’re having a tea pahty!”

I gaped at her, bemused.

“You can join too, Dada, but no more shouting,” she said, using the same tone of voice that I adopt when I tell her she could have two and only two cookies.

“You can sit here, Dada,” she said, motioning to the final space at her kiddy table, across from her beloved stuffed bunny.

*The fuck?*  My daddy instincts falter slightly, as I try to take in what the hell is happening.

I have no idea what’s going on here, but you know what, I don’t care.  There’s a strange man in my daughter’s bedroom.

“Elizabeth Lauren Jackson, you get over here right now!” I say, adding every incld of parental authority I can muster into the command. 

It works and she runs over.  I shove her behind me, to make sure she’s safe.

“Now just who the he—“ I began yelling at the man.

“Please, Mr. Jackson.  There’s really no need for this,” the man says.  He stands and smoothes his expensive suit.

“Please, I have no intention of harming your daughter.  Quite the opposite, actually.  Allow me to introduce myself.  I’m Quentin Farelli, “ he says, looking at me expectantly.

“I don’t give a flying fuck who you are, I’m going to call the po…po…” I don’t finish the sentence, because another thought has intruded into my mind.  Quentin Farelli, of the East Side Farellis. With dawning horror, I realize that I’m face to face with an infamous mob boss.

The color drains from my face.

“Why are you here?” I ask, with rising fright.  I’m shaking like a leaf, and can hardly contain myself.  An unbidden visions comes to me; tomorrow’s paper with headline **Lake County Man and Daughter Found Slain in Mob-Style Execution**.

“Relax,” Farelli says, in a soothing tone.

“What do you want?” I ask desperately, and cringe to hear the helpless desperation in my voice.

“Honestly?” he says, “What I want is a tea party.”

“A tea party?” I repeat, incredulously.

“That’s right,” he says simply.

“Why in the world would want a tea party with my daughter.  This is insane!  And how the hell did you get in here anyway?”

Farelli stretches, and then sits himself back down at the kiddie tea table.  He pours himself a very, very small cup of juice from the play tea pot, and sips with all the cu-courtesy and gravitas of having tea with the Queen Mother herself.

“C’mon, take a seat,” he says, cajolingly.

“I’ll stand,” I retort.

Farelli shrugs and then dips an animal cracker into his juice.

“Ya see, Mr. Jackson, a man like, well let’s just say I’m a busy man.  My day is full of work.  And sometimes work can get a bit…intense,” he says.

“Intense. Yeah, that’s one way of putting it,” I said derisively.

“We all got a job to do, Mr. Jackson,” he replied, with a “what can you do” sort of shrug.

“A man like me is used to this…intensity.  But sometimes, it takes a toll, you know.  I am only human after all, despite what the papers like to write.  And so, sometimes busy men need breaks.  We need time away from our work, time to reconnect.”

He picked up a play-doh flower that graced Lizzy’s kiddy table.

“Time to stop and smell the roses, as it were.”

He smiled and winked at Lizzy, who giggled behind me.

“Your daughter, Mr. Jackson, is providing me a valuable service—and really good juice,” he says, pouring himself another tiny cup.

“Damn this is good.  You squeeze this yourself?”

I stare at him, dumfounded.  The toilet plunger that I’m holding now hangs limply by my side.

“How did you get in here?” I ask, trying to get a handle on the situation.


