"They aren't human, Jerry. They aren't. No matter what they say"


Jerry grunted in a non-committing way and tried to focus on his plants.


"You should see the games they play. And the way they run...Thomas says he saw a few of their children play in the canyon. One fell a hundred meters...in 0,96 g!...and just bounced and laughed. It ain't normal"


Jerry sighed annoyed. "We are standing on another planet, terraformed in mere decades after 400 years of partial-cryo sleep. What about this situation scream "natural" to you?"


"Yeah, but we're still *human*" Gabe disagreed, stubbornly.


Jerry sighed. "Look, we always knew it might happen. Everyone was talking about the Singularity when we left"


"Which is one of the reasons *this* old fashioned baseline went in the first place!"


The bad part was that Jerry could perfectly understand him. They had been hand picked, experts all of them, often in multiple fields. Endowed with the hopes and well wishes of all of mankind. 


Now, 400 years later they were on a planet of hyper-advanced superhumans, who thought and acted in ways almost incomprehensible to baselines like them and who had already terraformed and forever claimed this world. They had flown dozens of light years to end in someone's backyard.


From frontier explorers and settlers to...tolerated guests. 


No, make that pets.


It hurt. A lot.


"Well, you gotte do something, Jerry. You're the captain, it ain't right!"


Again Jerry sighed. Fearing what would come next. "I *am* going to do something Gabe." He didn't look at the man, didn't want to see the dawning hope on his face.


"I am going to take the upgrade"


Gabe gasped and now Jerry did look at him. At the betrayal, the hurt, the wild anger.


"You don't mean that" Gabe stated coldly.


Jerry nodded "Absolutely. We are 4000 years out of date. They have *FTL*, Gabe, and we don't even understand how it works. *Can't* understand it"


Gabe didn't say another word, just turned around and stormed off.


Jerry shook his head and went back to his plants. Oh well. Jerry would join the supermen and others would follow. And then? If Gabe disagreed?


Well, to bad.


After all, what threat was a throwback like him?