Ah, the bright times. With the sun out, I feel less groggy than I did in the winter during the great hibernation. With minimal sunlight, I have to sleep most of the day to conserve energy and not over exert myself. 

I'm climbing to the top of my family tree to get better access to the sun. It had been raining for a few days so all the water I need will absorb on the climb up. Our tree has been around forever really. It's one of the major reasons the Malus family holds so much sway in Adirondack. On the way up I brush against the colored Malus Rocks that adorn our family shield. 

They're just so pretty. I've been warned to not take them. Legend is that they are what launched our family to become the powerhouse it is. Only the Gods are supposed to decide when they are done, to fall to the ground. Touching a rock results in banishment, and that person is never heard from again. I turn my body so my rigid branches can better grasp the beautiful object. I'm in this family, surely I won't be banished.

Hours later, I reach the top of our mighty tree. The sun feels good. I can feel the lines on my skin pulsing with energy.

After my nice sunbath, I'm feeling very energized. My skin is a healthy vibrant green like the leaves on our mighty home tree. I take out the Malus Rock and put it on my head like it's growing from me. It falls off and hits the floor. 

Weird. The rock is wet. It wasn't before. My father is going to kill me, not only was I not supposed to take these, but I somehow made a hole in it, and now the insides are leaking. I must have simulated the Gods Metamorphosis. 

Not sure what to do, I place the rock In a box, and sleep on it. 

The next morning, clear headed, I decide to play Gods and pretend the Malus Rocks time had come. Nobody will know!

I open my window. I need to throw it away. Hide the evidence. I don't want to die, it's two weeks before my seventeenth ring. I go to drop it. My arm moves in a fluid, quick fashion. Huh. I have so much... control. I quickly whip the rock a good 100 feet away, astonished that I was able to accomplish such a feat. 

I go to climb the tree again with my new mobility. I throw some water on my face for energy. Looking in the mirror, I scream. My healthy young green is fading into a horrible dark brown. Im rotting! Surely this is the Gods doing. I knew I shouldn't have played with their intentions.

Worse more is I have a hole on my face now. I can see inside myself. There's a weird flap, and it's wet. I'm leaking the water I just absorbed! Maybe I can put water in this hole to replace it. 

The water disappears. What did I do. What did I do! Maybe it absorbed? Maybe I just need some sun.

My mobility is even more fluid and quick than before, like then the rain slides down leaves. I get a horrible feeling in my trunk. Like, emptiness that longs to be filled. I definitely need sunlight.

I climb to the top in a quick 5 minutes. It usually takes an hour. The sun feels nice, but my skin is not changing back. My branches are smooth, and that same terrible rotting brown.

I go to climb down. That emptiness is pervasive. I'm going to be banished, I have marks of my transgressions. I need to know what is going on with our family rocks. Since my life is over anyway, I grab another. I stare longingly. 

Something tells me to put it in that new hole on my face. I now have rocks of my own growing from the hole. White, like during the great hibernations snowfalls. 

I pierce the rock. A piece falls down my hole. The emptiness stops. I feel better.

When I get back, my father notices my changes. He knows what I did. He signals the Malus Forces, with tears in his eyes. 

They try to take me away, but I'm much too quick now. I escape with ease, my lower trunk branches moving quickly, now the same color as the rest of my rotting body. I don't know why I run, I'll simply die anyway.

I took enough rocks to stop the emptiness. 

I travel for weeks. I've run out of rocks. The emptiness returns. This must be the furthest anyone had ever traveled. I miss my tree. I miss the sun. I miss not having to stuff rocks in my face. 

I come across another, like me. He is not rotting brown, but more a yellow, like the sun, but a little different. Huh, maybe he ate a different Malus Rock.

He looks at me, and he produces sounds with his hole. I've never seen anyone do that. Im confused. He quickly writes something down, and I read it.

"Are you okay? You look starving! Would you like to come to my home? I've just picked a bunch of apples"

Apples..? Hey, beats rocks.


