The dog was barking.

I'd always been a little nervous around most dogs. Something to do with how I'd antagonized one as a dumb little kid who didn't know better, and gotten bitten for it. I'd deserved it. But ever since then, I just hadn't loved dogs. That hadn't mattered to Matts, though. He loved dogs. I didn't like them all that much. So we had compromised by getting a dog, of course.

He was the love of my life. The day I met him, I'd just known he was the one for me.

Although... it also didn't hurt that I'd had a message telling me about him.

Let's take a step back. Ever since I was a kid, I've always known what to do. I don't know why, but I'll get a message in what looks like a hybrid of Roboto Mono and Comic Sans. (Don't ask me why Comic Sans. All I know is that it's easy to read, and it looks like the messages I see. It's not like I chose the font.) Each message tells me what to do, often before I even consciously know that it's the thing that's most important to do: {Get the mail.} {Get ready for work.} {Buy Mom her birthday gift.} You know, the sort of thought you have when you're driving or walking from one room to the other and trying to remember what you need to do next. I don't know where it came from, and I don't know why it happens to me. I've never really asked anyone about it, because I don't want to get chucked into the looney bin or get probed by the CIA. It's not that bad, really. Most of the time, it's pretty mundane stuff.

Occasionally, though, it lets me know if something important is about to happen. Like the day that I met Matthias Mason. I had walked into the bar that night and seen my message switch from {Meet Shelby} to {Find your Companion}, which let me tell you was really freaking confusing. My eyes swept across the room, both trying to find my best friend and see if I could find this Companion my brain message was going on about. Shelby was in the far right corner from the entrance, grinning at a tall well-built man with unruly brown hair and kind eyes. I could tell from the few words I could snatch up from the din of the crowd that she was talking about me. (Well, I heard "short" and "short-tempered" and just knew.) Uh oh. I hustled over before she could tell the (very embarrassing) story of the time I got kicked out of the Australian Embassy in D.C. I'd elbowed a couple of people aside in order to get there, but I barely made it as she was hooting, "And then there was the time she subletted an apartment in D.C. with a guy who..."

"Hey Shelby!" I tried to plaster on a friendly smile over the flared nostrils and puckered lips that characterized my "Please stop talking about me" face.

She took a big gulp out of her half-empty Long Island. "Oh! She's here! I was just telling Matt about you. This is the friend I was telling you about." That's when I found my hand gently gripped by a hand the size of a brown bear's paw.

"Pleased to meet you, miss." He looked in my eyes, and I felt my heart skip a beat. He was the most handsome man I'd ever seen in my life. Shelby knew I had a type, and he was such an exact match it was more like all the other attractive men I'd seen in my life were just poorly scanned copies of this prototype. The moment he touched me, I felt like lightning had struck me and the electricity jolted my sleeping heart awake. It was finally beating. I was alive now.

The message changed. {Grab a drink with your friends.}

I guess I'd found him.

But now he wasn't moving. I tried to shake my head free of the heavy fog of memory, the dream I always had of the first night I'd ever met him. The problem, I realized, was that the fog wasn't just in my head - it was on the floor, in the air. I had thought my eyes were cloudy from sleepiness, but instead it was a cataract of smoke. I tried to push him, roll him from side to side. I slapped him once. He moaned a little. That was all.

And the dog was still barking. I finally registered the message that had been there all along: {Get to safety}. Damn. There were only two exits to our bedroom - just the door that barely held back the flood of smoke creeping inside insidiously, and the bedroom window. I prayed to the fire gods to keep the oxygen only in this room, where it couldn't feed the flames in the rest of the apartment complex. Thank goodness we were only on the first floor. I decided to take my chances, pull open the window, and tried to rip through the screen with my fingers. The barking started to slow down, but an icy fear grabbed my heart and twisted. Matts.

In all this time, he hadn't woken up. I slapped Matts again. He was unresponsive. I almost sobbed. This was the man of my dreams, and he wasn't waking up in the middle of the worst nightmare of my life. But that's when I got mad. THIS was the man of my dreams, dammit! I was NOT going to leave him on this bed. I ignored the message (because it didn't say I couldn't also bring the companion of my life to safety with me) and finally tore the screen with the strength of my desperation. I tried to wiggle myself under his shoulder so I could lever him high enough to fall through the broken screen. I could finally feel my strength failing me, the smoke making its way treacherously into my lungs, settling down, weighing me down.

I heard the approaching sirens and felt my hopes rise. We could survive this. Help was on the way! The dog had quieted down, and the message was starting to fade ominously. And that's when I realized that the message, so succinct, so commanding, spoke volumes about what I should do and what I couldn't do. It wasn't just a command. It was a proscription. The tears burst out of my eyes, blinding me along with the smoke. I wriggled out again and pulled myself out of the window, arms like jelly. I crawled away on the grass away from the building, choking on fresher air. There was a small crowd of people outside.

The message didn't change. I felt myself being dragged away by the abuela who lived next door, and croaked uselessly at her. "Matts." She didn't hear me. I looked around and located a firefighter, stumbling bowlegged and ready to collapse from exhaustion and from the pummeling my body had taken, was still taking, from the smoke inhalation. He turned around slowly when I touched him on the shoulder.

"My husband," I gasped to him as he turned around. "Please." I pointed to the window I'd just exited out of.

He took my hand. "It's okay, my guys are already in there. They're getting everybody out as we speak." His voice was soothing, but loud and purposeful. He was in charge. He had control over the situation. It was going to be fine.

And that's when the message finally changed.

{Wait.}

I've been waiting for days now, waiting in the hospital for any good news to come out. The dog had made it out alive but several people needed urgent care. A few of my neighbors died within the next 24 hours. The fire was on the local news channel while I waited in the hospital lobby that first night, hoping and hoping. It was the biggest fire in the past few years in our county.

And still I wait. For the man of my dreams to come home to me. And in the meantime, I just hold his big pale paw.