Remaining in napping area while the other toddlers went out to play in the sandbox, the kindergarten teachers have started to label me as the "quiet one". I suppose it would be good to exercise these infant limbs, but I grew tired of the sandbox and Mrs Crosby 3 lifetimes ago. However, the surge of nostalgia that childhood brings never exhausts, and this is the time period I've chosen to reset to.

I smack my lips together. They are parched. A strong urge for Kool Aid overwhelms me. I must get a drink.

I begin to rise to my feet, feeling a little unbalanced as my disproportionately large head dictates most of my centre of gravity. Heh. Learnt that in physics class 80 years ago. I take a little amble to the kindergarten kitchen, observing the quaintness of the 70s, like the huge television kept in a cupboard. Finally I reach the kitchen, no teachers have noticed my absence yet I presume. It is a beautiful morning to savour Kool Aid; birds chirping from outside. I reach for the little container where the sachets are found, echoing the birds' song. As I opened the container to reach for one, I notice the song getting louder.. and louder still. Kool Aid in hand, I turn my head just in time to see a bird dive bomb straight into the knife holder, sending down a rain of knives from the kitchen counter above. I let out a wail instinctively and feel my diapers wet a little. "Shit," I whisper. A knife grazes my arm and the rest fortunately lands elsewhere. Quite shocked from what just occurred, my infant brain chemistry only allows me to wail and retreat.

As I was scurrying across "lego land", I feel something hairy on my arm, and turning my attention to it, I froze in horror. It is what I believed to be a Brazilian wandering spider!! I wailed harder. It's front 2 legs pointed up, a defensive posture that suggested it was ready to strike should anything startle it. "I'm still safe as long as I..." At this moment little Johnny comes running in screaming "LEGOOOO". The legs raise higher. I stop in an attempt to coo the spider. "LEGO!!" A rain of bricks comes flying my way. I swear, I could almost hear the spider hissing.

In a swift momen, I felt something brush across my arm, and a fluffy pink movement is caught at the corner of my eye. "Golly!! What have you been up to!" It's Mrs Crosby with a dust sweeper. She swept the spider of my arm. A juncture of relief. "How'd you get that cut little one?" She notices my arm. She scoops me up and carries me out of the nursery, muttering to herself about where the nearest clinic was.

She brisk walks across the lawn. In a state of hurry, she is oblivious to the wet ground from this morning's thunderstorm. Click clack click clack, her high heels make a prominent noise, and then, SHH. She slips and releases me in the air. I feel the impact on my head.

Everything flashes and there I see Death standing in front of me and feel a round metal object in my hand. "Alright mate, there's no way you can be THAT lucky." He shoots me a frown, tilting his head to gesture me. In my palm is a coin.

"Heads" I predict. Usually I would feel the entire weight of my existence at this point, but for unknown reasons, I am thinking only of Kool Aid.

I flip the coin.