"Are you certain?" The sky bellowed down to the woman standing on the cliff. She looked up at the sky, tears welling up in her emerald eyes and nodded her head.

"Chel, no." Another woman behind the woman with the emerald eyes interjected.

"I'm sorry." The emerald-eyed woman, Chel, said and stepped off the ledge. This was her last hope, her worlds last hope, she had no choice. The ground rushed up closer and closer until finally everything faded away and she was no longer a part of the material world, even if temporarily.

"You know the cost." A large golem stated.

"Can I say goodbye?" She asked, looking at a fountain behind the golem.

"As you wish." The golem replied.

She walked over to the fountain and looked into the swirling water, the face of the woman who tried to stop her appeared. Chel began to cry, her tears rippling the water. 

"I'm so sorry." She whispered. The golem came up behind her.

"Are you ready." Chel nodded her head in reply and the golem placed his hands on her temples. She blacked out. 

---

Sera.

The name was all she knew. It was her only thought as she woke, her eyes heavy. She looked around to see she was in a small white room. Where was she? Who was she? She got up and started looking around until she came to a mirror. Was that her? She stared at her body in the reflection, following her veins with her eyes. Her skin was pale, she mustn't have been outside in a while. Tearing herself away from the mirror she found a closet. She searched through the closet for something that might help her remember anything but only found a single outfit, which she put on. 

"Why are you awake?" A voice asked from across the room.

"I, where am I?" She asked.

"Typical hero, saving the day, sacrificing themselves," a woman came out of the shadows and started gliding towards the pale woman. "Why can't any of you just let someone else do it? Or better yet," the woman placed her hands on the pale woman's shoulders and leaned into her ear. "Just let the world die."

The pale woman flinched and stepped away and turned to face the tall woman. The tall woman continued her gliding walk across the room and picked up a clipboard.

"Your bracelet should have your new moniker. Get acquainted with it and this room and head down the hallway, first door on the right." The tall woman glided gracefully out of the room leaving the clipboard on a table near the door.

The pale woman lifted her wrist and stared at the bracelet, she had noticed it before but didn't notice anything was written on it. "Camille." Camille. It was a pretty name, now hers. She quickly remembered the clipboard and rushed to look at it, picking it up though she realised she wouldn't be able to read it as it was all in a strange language save her name in bold in the top right corner.

She returned to the mirror, this time paying attention to her features more closely. She had a slight frame and long hazelnut hair that framed her face perfectly. She wasn't young, but she wasn't old and had no wrinkles save crows feet in the corner of her emerald eyes. Camille. She went down the hallway and into the first room on the right and saw the tall woman from earlier talking to an older man in a white lab coat. The woman spun around, her bun coming slightly undone in the process.

"Ah, Camille. Come, sit." The woman said rather emphatically.

Camille looked around and cautiously sat down, confused.

"We've decided you can help us find her."