“Why would you do this,” I shouted, “All this could bring is the death of us all!” It seemed ridiculous! Was he actually intending to make it rain cats and dogs? “You see,” he began, “ my daddy never bought me a puppy. I want a puppy!!! I want a fluffy puppy, and the fluffiest puppy is a husky! And what is fluffier than a fluffy husky? A wolf puppy! So I made it rain wolves.” 

What kind of lunatic would do such a thing, I though. My mind raced with possible solutions. Perhaps he was disturbed as a child, causing wolves to be symbolic to him in some way. This, however, would not match what he said next.

“I watch the TV and see big kitties licking zoo people. What’s so special about the zoo man that I can get a big kitty too? So I begged and pled but my mommy said no. So I made it rain tigers too!” 

It soon dawned on me that I was not dealing with your ordinary criminal. Quite clearly, this was a mastermind! He thinks out of the box and must be intentionally throwing me off! Well, that and he has literally thrown me off his weather platform.

“Where did you go? I can’t see you thinky-man,” He screamed above me.  Crawling around the ledge, I managed to scoot around behind him. Suddenly, he began pounding the grill I was so desperately clutching. “ Come back! Come back! Come back,” he screeched, tears rushing down his cheeks, “I wanted to play some more! Play! Play! Play!” The tips of my fingers were aching due to the grating metal platform. One cut, with blood beginning to trickle. I decided to spring up, unable to endure this torture anymore.

“Behind you, oaf!” I cried, as I leapt towards his back. With my left leg extend I proceeded to charge. As I await impact, he turns to me. His eyes, deep with sorrow and full of water, cause me to freeze in my tracks. Had he not realized the cause of his actions? Was I fighting an innocent man? I reflect on the occurrences, once again rethinking my foe. Letting out a sigh, I reach for his shoulder.

“Come on son, I’ve got something to show you.” His eyes flickered with joy, and he willingly accompanied me. On the way down I reach for the switch labeled “OFF”,  written in crayon. The sky clears and the animals dissipate into water vapor. 

We leave the weather platform and reach a small shop with a beat up sign. “Kelly’s animal shelter? What is that,” he asked. “You’ll see,” I replied, “ Come on, you’ll like it!” We enter the building and Kelly greets me from behind the counter. “Good afternoon to you as well, miss Blanchet! I think I found that employee you were looking for.”