"Is that what you told the panel?"

"Yes..."

"And...?"

"... They weren't too keen on recruiting them still."

"I told you it was a bad argument."

"But," The blue horned alien exhaled as he tried to continue his train of thought, "Its hard, they are complicated beings."

"So is every species with a communication system like their's."

"Well... Its true! Many of their own citizens hate the idea of war."

"So its the ones in charge that are at fault?"

"EXACTLY!" The blue horned alien shouted as his friend finally nailed it down.

"That doesn't help." The muscled tusked alien shrugged. "The ones in charge down there have to be rational thinkers. The ones that have to strive toward peace and refuse any violent action in order to be even remotely considered into joining."

"I KNOW!" The blue horned alien exclaimed and put his head against the wall. "But, while I was down there scouting everything out, I ran into a human too."

"In... Disguise right?" The muscled tusked alien asked hushly. As if the topic they were now discussing was a security risk. 

"Yes, of course! It was a human I ran into multiple times at the cover job I was working at."

The tusked alien laughed. "That one? The one where they didn't even know they hired you?"

The blue horned alien giggled too. But straightened his face. "Yes, but that's not the point. I talked to that human a lot while I worked there. And he along with others I mentioned to the panel all have interesting views on... everything. How humans try to war for peace, at least that's what the majority of their population, thought. But to him, it ultimately was a matter of human lives, not some ultimatum. He hated the idea because those in charge wanted war for profit to him, not peace. He was so focused on how they sent others down for a conventional war down to die. All the soldiers, spies, everyone were just pawns to those in charge. He hated that. He hated how his country wanted oil so badly, he hated how his country's leader was so corrupted and it bluntly obvious and no one was doing anything to stop it, just as I was leaving, the entire country started to walk the streets in protest of the lack of control of the government and demanding weapon control, higher wages for the teachers of the schools! He hated how they had to get up and demand simple things from our leaders, he hated so many things, but one thing stood out to me."

The tusked alien merely stood in awe at the rant that stumbled in the beginning to a perfect speech near the end. He hanged on his every word until he then finished. "And that was?"

"On the last day I was there, he told me, 'All of this is why aliens don't come to us, because our leader is a fucking idiot. We will never meet aliens at all.'"

The tusked alien frowed his brow. "Did he..."

"No, it was a complete guess that he figured that out. At least, I think."

"Kala..." The tusked alien leaned on the wall to think on all he said. "Azu, do you still think humanity is worth recruiting?"

"Yes. They have problems, yes, but I still think they are worth it. We could use their ingenuity..." He paused a second before turning to his friend. "Do... You agree with me?"

"Of course, you clearly are obsessed with this."

"Obsessed is a strong word..."

"But, I mean, my species were war-like too before we got recruited."

"It was... different." The blue horned alien threaded lightly on the subject. 

"Yes, but did that stop your species from offering us a hand to join when we found you out?"

"... No. What's your point?"

"My point is, my species got together to think about the proposal and decided to work together with you. Some where, someone will screw up and humanity will find us out, and when they do, we have to give them the choice to be stuck on their planet forever or get their shit together and join us."

"And if they decide not to?" 

"Why would they pass up on the biggest chance of their entire species' life time? If they did, I imagine the citizens would make them change their mind. What happened as you departed was a small scale, now imagine when the leaders decide not to work together? I think it would unite them more than ever..." The tusked alien thought back in nostalgia when he was a child and the day he found out his kind wasn't alone. "It happened once."

The blue horned alien turned around from leaning his head on the wall and looked back at the deck before him. All two species of the United Galaxy walking around and working together on the ship deck, all going about their duty as their ship flies toward its next mission. 

"If anything, now you got me excited to see new faces on here. I would like to meet this friend of yours."

The blue horned alien merely smiled. "Oh, if only."