I was dearly bumfuzzled-in fact, I was so bumfuzzled that I just stood there for a good minute. I bellowed-or rather tried to but failed-"You-what? You gotta be kidding me." The mortal just stood there without responding, refusing to budge. The arrogance of the man reminded me of the story of Athena and Arachne, but I soon realized that there was no way this idiot was going to beat me.  


Yes, I accepted the challenge. Yes, that was a stupid thing to do; after all, I was a god. I had more important matters to deal with. However, this wouldn't take too long, I thought to myself. I said to the man, "I accept; the challenge shall take place right here, right now." Then, unsurprisingly, Thor popped out of my closet and handed both of us a barrel of Asgardian Brandy. Thor had a hobby of stalking other gods when he had nothing to do. Actually, I was pretty sure that he stalked other gods even when he had other things to do. I could complain about that later though, I wanted to get the challenge done and over with.

&#x200B;

The rules were simple; I take a sip, the mortal takes a sip, repeat. The mortal snarled and barked, "So, are you ready?"; how egocentric? No need to get upset, however. I silently took a sip. The man took a sip and mockingly pretended to be drunken-that is, shortly before falling unconscious onto the floor. Did I mention that a typical bottle of Asgardian Brandy contains at least 80% of pure ethanol? I picked up the man and was about to throw him onto the streets outside when I felt a chill going down my spine. I slowly turned back to see Thor glaring at me, lifting up his right hand which held the Mjölnir. A chilling thought suddenly occurred to me-Thor liked daring mortals. *He* had brought the mortal here in the first place, and *he* was the one who chose to give the mortal Asgardian brandy instead of normal human alcohol; was it still possible that he was mad at *me* for ruining the fun? I mean, Thor wasn't exactly known to be rational and fair...

&#x200B;

The last thing I saw was the glint of light reflected off of the engraving on the Mjölnir, which was now rapidly approaching my face.  


\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  


I think this is literally the stupidest thing I have ever written. I think this is also the first time I used the word bumfuzzle in writing. This is so stupid. I'm new, can I submit multiple entries?