A lone figure walked the streets of New Pangaea. Earth had long become one as the old scientist predicted. People had thought them crazy but now looked at Earth, or the New Earth as people call it. In this Pangaea, everything was together, no problems with different countries or continents because in the end, they were all one now. 

In this new world, one figure walked the streets while others floated or flew on what were the new forms of transportation. The figure looked towards the sky, not seeing anything but old memories in their eyes. The blue beautiful skies were now decorated with what everyone called home. There were barely anything on the ground, the old ways of human being lost once the oceans had elevated and covered everything that was ground with water. Streets were now rare, only those in the center of New Pangaea have any, but those were ruins. Human has lost their own way, but they still one thing that kept them human. Their mortality. 

The figure, who was dressed in something rare for this age, looked at herself. How she missed everything that used to be Earth. She could still remember everything. Russia, Africa, all the continents, everything that used to be Earth. Nothing was beautiful anymore. Her old wardrobe still existed, courtesy of living through the many and many eras that have come and gone by. At that thought, she chuckled. She would have never expected to be this old yet look so young. 

How you would ask? Well, she was immortal. 

Yes, she was immortal but she regretted that now. She has not thought life would have been so lonely, so black-and-grey as it was now. She should had never summoned that demon back when she had, shouldn't had talked and sold her soul when it had asked for a price in exchange for the immortality it would provide her. Nothing had matter then. Nothing. All She had wanted was that. She couldn't even remember why she had wanted such thing then. It wasn't that she was old (well, maybe she was extremely old), but your brain seems to forget things that later on you do not want to think about.

One again, she turned her gaze to the passing humans that didn't seemed human anymore. They were nothing like what they used to be, nothing how she still looked. It was all so different. Humans, who wanted more and wanted to live longer, tried to solve the mystery of how to be immortal but could not, even after thousands and thousands of years. She was one of the last humans, one of the ‘original’ humans to still be alive. Of course, she was immortal but she had no soul so was she really alive?

Yet, one question came to mind as she thought of her missing soul. How could she still feel emotions if she had no soul? This boredom, this sadness, this… this… she didn't know what to call it but she was sure were emotions. She was bored of living this immortal life without anything new. 

Bored of living… her eyes widened as something suddenly came to her, a distance memory of thousands and thousands of years ago. 

--

“Anwen, correct?” A cynical voice that seemed to laughed at you called out her name. She turned her head abruptly and behind her was a skeleton standing. Her eyes widen slightly. She had seemed worst when she had summoned that demon back when she was in her youthful times but she had never expected to see something… not human again in her long life. 

“Who are you?” She asked cautiously. It was weird that she was feeling as she was to a stranger, especially after she had no soul in her immortal body. 

The skeleton tilted his head, his top-hat and weird looking hair that was an afro tilting along with it. His bone fingers raised themselves and took a hold of his hat before it could fall and made a graceful bow from the old times that had had seen in dramas so many years ago. “Well…” he began and she swore he grinned at her. How could she tell when his face was just bones and this… person… has no muscles to be able to grin? She wasn't sure but she was sure he grinned at her. “I’m just someone that is always with you, you could say.” He stared at her and his cynical voice that seemed to laugh at you echoed in her head. 

“What--?” She was cut abruptly as he seemed to shoved at her a card that seems to shine a pure white. It seemed to her that the card screamed everything that this… person was not. She wasn’t sure why she took the card but her hand seemed to glow a pure white along with the business card she had in her hand. It was just weird to her…

His cynical voice began once again. “When you realize living forever sucks,” his choice of words seemed weird in the clothes he was wearing but it shocked her that he knew she could live forever. He continued as her mind told her to be careful of this thing in front of her, “call the number in the card.” He tilted his head again and putted his armed below his chin, making the image of a self-centered person that was better that everyone else and she hated the sight for some reason. He began once again. “ If you are interested, I got a job for you.” 

She blinked as she stared at him, distrust in her eyes. A chuckle was heard and this time for sure, she knew he had laughter at her. She narrowed her eyes, She didn't like it. 

“Don't worry and call when you want.” He said.

She blinked at him and when she had opened her eyes, the skeleton was gone. She blinked again, a couple of times and tried to see if her mind was playing tricks on her. He had disappear as if he had never been there, yet she knew he had been. The card he had shoved at her was still in her hand, glowing that pure white that shouldn't belong in a business card.

She looked down at it and read it as the letters and numbers seemed to glow at her the black that seemed to penetrate her soul, yet she had not soul so how was that possible? 

Death the Death
The person always next to you, Death reaper.
XXX-XXXX

What a weird thing, but as she thought of the skeleton, a shiver ran down her spine. She started walking, and as she did, she put the business card in the jacket, not looking back at where the skeleton, 'Death’, had been standing.

--

She turned and began towards her home in the sky. She was sure she had saved that business card somewhere. She most had put it with those relics of the old times she liked to collect throughout all the Eras she had lived through. 

She reached her room soon enough, making her way to the small museum she had. Where could she had hidden it? She started with what seemed would have any type of paper, paper which didn't exist anymore in this era. She found nothing though. 

Where was it?

Days went by and she continued to look. It wasn't as if she didn't have time anyways. The days were now longer, due to the shift in the solar system but she gave the 30 hours no mind as she thought of were the business card could possible be. Granted, it had been thousands and thousands of years again but she was sure she still had it somewhere. 

Finally, after maybe a week, she found it. It had been in the era that she had met him and she sighed, glad that she had actually kept it. 

She looked down at the business card. It still had that pure white color, shining as if it had been made just a couple of hours ago yet she knew different. She opened the see through windows that was her phone and slowly typed the numbers that were in the card. She paused before pressing enter. What was the worst that could happen? Nothing really, she was already living a life that ‘sucked’ as the skeleton had said back then, and nothing could really get worst.

She pressed enter and the ringing seemed to echo in her mind as she waited for the clicking of the call being answer to come.

It finally did as his cynical voice that still seemed to laugh at you reached her mind. “Anwen.” It said, and she could hear a grin in his voice.

She gulped slowly. She wasn’t sure what to say now that she had called. She went with the safest route. “Um… About that job…”

-End