As fast as I had woken up I drove my knife into my intruder's neck. He bellowed and gurgled, took out the blade and started cursing like a twelve-year-old child.

"Alastor," I asked groggily, "What the hell are you doing?"

"Nothing much right now. Oh, that's right, I've got a fucking pig-sticker in my hands right now, suspiciously identical to the one just in my neck. Bleeding out, don't mind me."

I sighed and got out of bed, fumbling into the kitchen. "Don't worry about it. It's a normal knife." I poured us two glasses of juice. "I'm kinda surprised it even hurt that bad; didn't you have that leather jacket last time I saw you?"

He followed me inside, mumbling about who-knows-what and complaining under his breath. "Yeah, a lot can happen in two years. Got demoted, which means no jacket, which means no holy collar. That's pretty much why I've come here for you." He drank from his cup. "You don't look like you've changed much."

I ignored the last comment. "Demoted? How? You and I pretty much saved the world!"

"As much as I appreciate the credit and no matter how much I want to claim it, no, it was you- well, mostly you. That's what we told my brothers and it was the honest truth, still is. However, your... ailments were expected to subside by now. And obviously, they haven't." He brushed the knife against the wound in his neck, which had already formed a marbled scar.

I frowned. "I guess, but wasn't that because I'm pure of heart or whatever? I haven't done anything evil or wicked, especially not under anyone's influence."

Alastor looked ruffled, but not at me. "I know it, you know it, and they know it. That's why you could become the monster you did; because of your pure heart. But my brothers, bless 'em, have been watching you pretty carefully. And you've been helpful to all sorts of folk, even saintlike. But they say you slipped up. When you hit your boss the other day, they didn't see it as an act of justice; rather, as an act of wrath and lust. You also didn't mean to but you used some of your unholy might."

I remembered it well. My greasy old boss recently hired a woman: a pretty and young girl from out of town. I talked to her a few times, and she was very nice; always talking about her boyfriend and their plans to buy a house of their own. But her boyfriend one day got hit by a car and went to the hospital. They didn't have insurance and it was apparent that she was struggling to pay the bills which used to be supported by two incomes. On top of that, there were the medical expenses.

My boss one day was in a pretty upbeat mood, bragging about some hot date he was going on that night. I didn't think much of it. I didn't think much of the fact that the girl was gone the next day, either. But when she came back with shameful eyes the following week, darting nervously up to the boss, I felt my stomach tighten. I asked her if she was okay, and she said she was, just tired from a second job. But she said it with a weight that cut deeper than her words.

She playfully shooed me away with a light kick but imperceivably winced. No one could have seen it but me. Then I realized that she wasn't sitting right. It was obvious the cushioned seat caused her discomfort- it made her shoulders droop and her posture sorry. As she glanced at the boss again the realization dawned on me. I stormed up the stairs to his office, a familiar, unnatural rage brewing within.

Before I could stop myself I broke the lock with one swing. Seething, I  saw him pack something white into his briefcase. He jumped up, surprised. "You coulda just knocked, jackass," I wanted to break his stupid fucking face in.

I sauntered at him, my breath growing more and more bestial. I tore the bag from his hands and glared at the pills inside. "This is your idea of a fun fucking date?"

His face lost all color. "I-I don't know what you're talking about! This is just my medicine! Honest!" I tore it open and took a deep breath. I couldn't smell anything other than a sinister, mysterious air.

"So what. You wait until this poor girl's boyfriend is out of the picture, then you swoop in like you own her?"

"No!" he cried, "She agreed to it, it was just a date and that's all! I didn't steal her from nothing!"

"Just because her boyfriend's in the hospital doesn't mean you can... oh my god," I said as the full truth dawned on me. "You paid her to fuck you... no, you paid her for a date. Then you fucked her. You fucking raped her. 

He started crying, "Please, she needed the money. I just thought I'd help her out! I told her she could make more if she got with me but she said no! Yeah, I put some pills in her drink, but so what? She's better off from it!"

I stood there over him, fuming for an insurmountable amount of time. I didn't move for a couple seconds and my boss looked up cautiously.

"Listen, it won't happen again, I swear!" I softened my gaze for a second, and my boss took that as a sign to carefully lower his guard. I surprised him with a right hook which completely shattered his shoulder.

"Yeah, it better not," I said loud enough for him to hear over the shrieks. I called the police and figured that was that.

Alastor sighed. "It was honestly within the rules of upright morality and chivalry and whatever, but you must understand where my brothers are coming from. You coulda did this to blow off some steam or win the girl or even just because you were bored. They believe that you're losing it and that I lied to them. Now I gotta prove it to them that your heart is still pure. And I need your help to do it."

I folded my arms. I really didn't want to get tangled up in demonic politics again, but I suppose since my "gifts" had never left me, I had never been truly free. "Okay, fine. This better not take long. What do you need me to do?"

"I made a bet to my brothers saying your heart was still pure. And you're gonna help me settle it."

Guallicar and Hydia were getting very bored at the street lamp with their brother's summoning sigil pasted on.

"Shouldn't he have brought that damn human by now?" Guallicar growled angrily.

Hydia huffed. "This is just like him. Always delaying the inevitable."

The sigil finally glowed and Alastor stepped out with the boy suspended by his ankles, unconscious.

The demons looked within his earthly body and found some remnants of hell still inside. They smiled smugly, believing their wager to be already won.

"Alastor, I can see the devil inside him. Doesn't this already prove you wrong?" Guallicar chided.

"As I have told you *many* times, the heart and the mind are separated from his body. Anyways, just administer the drought. I do hope you've found something for him to project himself?"

The two brothers smirked and motioned to a cardboard box. Inside there was a wild cat nursing her young.

"What could be better than the epitome of innocence?" Hydia felt a cruel excitement within him. The three brothers had all agreed to give the boy a full dosage of Drought of Wrath, a potion potent enough to drive twenty grown men into a violent frenzy. Unbeknownst to Alastor, the other two brothers had secretly doubled the dosage. They knew in their cold hearts that the boy was a beacon of goodness and love. But they didn't care. Even a fabricated guilt would mean Alastor's honor would be shattered and they would no longer be overshadowed by him. And they figured no matter how good someone was, they could never resist a dosage of almost pure, liquid anger.

"Alright then, we better start." Taking the vial from Guallicar, Hydia injected the elixir into the boy's arm.

They dragged him towards the cats, already seeing his anger manifesting. They slipped away into the shadows of the night, watching in secrecy. When the boy woke up, they saw strong emotions of rage pass through his face. They saw his body tense up as he approached. The brothers shook with electric excitement- this was the moment they had waited two years for! But to their surprise, as the boy approached, the mother cat did not shrink away in fear. Rather, she approached him, purring gently! Guallicar and Hydia were astonished. The boy picked up the box, petting them gently, and walked away into the night, ready to take them home.

"I just don't get it," Guallicar said confusedly, "I could feel his hatred- it was almost overpowering. Why did he act the way he did?"

Alastor smiled. "This boy is my champion. The reason he was given such power long ago was not that his pure heart felt no rage; in fact, quite the opposite. This boy shudders at injustice and villainy with a vigor. But rather than lash out in wanton destruction, he channels his emotions into something good- something beautiful. He uses his anger for love. That is why he can hold the power of a demon. That is why he could wade through the waters against our foe two years ago as both a human and a devil."

Ashamed, Alastor's brothers hung their heads and petitioned for his reinstatement of hero. Alastor got his nifty jacket back, a new boss was transferred to head my work department, and I got to keep some really cute kittens.