A new child just came in. He's much like the others in that he's completely different from anything I've ever seen. Usually the children come in wearing something that prevents their disease from coming out of control.

This one has a blindfold.

She's led into the room by two police officers. One of them has an obvious limp, a torn piece of cloth covers her wound.

The girl is confused, even through the blindfold, I can see questioning in her eyes. As she looks around in the dark, her mouth hangs open with no words. One of the officers remarks as they turn her in, "Make sure she doesn't take off the blindfold."

We put her with the other kids, all like her in a way. Some children look like monsters, resembling everything from creatures of ancient mythology to present-day urban legends. This girl is normal.

She walks around blindly, somehow hitting nothing in her path. She looks around the orphanage without looking, wondering at all the other children just like her.

She makes friends. She has no bias over who to chose, unlike other kids. She doesn't care whether her friends have fur or feathers, or how they look at all. She seems happy she has friends at all.

The blindfold doesn't stop her from having the same experiences as a normal child. She looks, she runs, she plays.

As I walk through the orphanage, checking every kid and counting heads, I hear the girl's voice.

"I... would... not... like... them... here... or... there... I... would... not... like... them... anywhere..."

I approach the little girl and watch as she blindly reads Dr. Seuss.

"I... do... not... like... green eggs... and ham... I do not like... them..., Sam... I... Am..."

She doesn't need the blindfold at all. She can see just fine either way.

I slowly approach the little girl, and in a small voice try to keep her calm. I reach out, the blindfold feels hard and rough. I slowly pull it from her face, from her eyes. The cloth is hard like rock. It gets stuck on her temples, too tight to slide off.

I hear a sound like glass shattering in reverse. The Dr. Seuss book becomes featureless in her hands. She stops reading. Anticipating a tantrum, I quickly head to the shelf and look for another book.

As I run I can feel a tight pressure in the back of my head, like being watched.

My feet, my legs, my hips. I can't move below the waist, I look down to find my legs have been petrified.

My last mistake is turning around to see the girl's eyes.