It's the end of my freedom, not that I had any to begin with. After the War, the war to end all wars the Chancellor rose to take control of the country, which was decrepit and on the verge of collapse, at least that's what the history books say and turned it into a global empire where all are free and happy. Huh! What a joke, we all are a single machine run by the operator, the Chancellor and I am some sort of a bad gear soon to be removed after the Test. In this country when one turns 18, they undergo a test that takes a person's DNA and puts any genetic information on a government database that can be pulled up at any moment should your DNA be found in places that are undesirable. Every where we go the cameras watch us and every thing we do is monitored. Well so this is the last day of my freedom as tomorrow I will loose my last  freedom as I too will be on the file. Well getting back on track, everyone expects patriotism from me as I look like the Chancellor, well to be honest he disgusts me, the people who get poorer but still love the Chancellor, the rations which get smaller, but every year there is a supposed increase in the rations compared to previous years all enrage and sadden me. The target of this rage and the one I blame for thus misery rules from his gilded throne that's right, I hate the Chancellor.

But on my birthday, the day I turned 18, I lined up outside the testing facility like any good citizen would, there the queue was long but eventually my turn came. I pulled up my sleeve and my blood was then taken and the DNA information was being put on the database, when the machine suddenly started beeping and a message scrolled across it : " Error: Information already exists". On reading further I saw the line: " DNA of Chancellor already registered entry number:1". Before they could arrest me or worse shoot me on the spot I ran and reached home and started packing a backpack. My parents came into my room and asked me how my test went and what was I doing. I said it showed that my DNA was identical to the Chancellor, to this they smiled and said," We hoped it was. The Chancellor often clones himself and uses those clones as organ mules that is why he has ruled for a 109 years. The Resistance were able to steal a clone and both of us chose to raise the clone as our own, so that when the time comes all three of us got join the Resistance and then use you to discredit and ultimately overthrow the Chancellor. So you leave through a secret tunnel from the shed to the base of the Resistance about 30 minutes away. We will follow you after covering our tracks and making sure the Chancellor would think that you died in a fire started by the Resistance." So I got ready to leave and then my parents heard sirens and went into the living room as I supposedly was going to the shed. Ah, the Resistance.
I knew that my parents were not telling me what the whole truth was, I myself had thought that the Chancellor's long reign was because of clones being used as organ mules, but the rest I knew where lies.
The Resistance was nothing more than a government organisation or it was a separate hidden branch in the government. The reason I say this is because unlike others I don't have blind faith in the Chancellor, nor I am one of those who hate the Chancellor but will blindly follow the Resistance. Thus I noticed three things that confirmed for me the Resistance was just a ploy to keep the population under control and weed out any dissent: First, the government hate the Resistance and propaganda is spread against them but never has actually organized a hunt for them or tried to make them reveal themselves, in a country where everything is monitored and even saying anything against the Chancellor starts a manhunt and ultimately leads to an execution of the culprit the Resistance could not have survived.  Second, any 'attack' by the Resistance is futile the news reports millions in loses and thousands of lives lost, but one day I saw workers from a nearby factory get an early leave and that evening the factory, which was already about to be demolished in a week, was blown up by the Resistance and and again millions were lost and thousands died. And the third reason was that my parents always viewed me as an object never as their son, their gazes were always cold never were they warm or full of hope which they should have been had they been members of a real Resistance, my parents wouldn't beat me but they would also never love me and the sudden fear of me being taken away or killed was bad acting on their part and a pity to watch on mine. So that tunnel got only lead to a government facility where I'll be sedated and my organs harvested. So I left the backyard door for an abandoned house round the corner where the basement had been stocked with supplies like food in case of a Resistance attack, it was meant to be a shelter, but now it will be the shelter for the beginning of a 'true' Resistance.
Edit: fixed spelling errors