'Always aim for the h...' - Eleanor woke up in the middle of the sentence. The sound that woke her up was starting to get familiair, but not quite yet. She had the habit of changing the tune of her alarm clock every once in a while, because after her deep sleep would be interrupted by the tune a few times, she started despising it. Her phone, an old Ericsson R380, provided her with a staggering amount of *fifteen* different sounds that she could choose to do the noble job of awakening her. They all had weird names that did not fit them, like 'party time', 'breath of air', or 'seaside walk'. (Imagine: an unattractive fifty year old lady - slightly overweight, with a mole on her chin that had hair growing out of it- named Pamela. I think that you get what I am trying to say.) The pitfall of this, was that the tunes she could choose as her alarm clock, were the same tunes that she had to choose as her ringtone. Inevitably, Eleanor started hating the sound of someone calling her, because her ringtone had been contaminated with the feelings that she felt when she was abruptly awakened every morning, forced to face the reality that was her life. This does kind of proves Pavlov's point, though.   She got out of bed as quiet as possible, determined to not wake her husband up. She basically evaporated, vanished, *disappeared* out of bed, that's how quiet and cautious she was. She didn't need to turn on the light, as this had been her bedroom for over fifteen years. She didn't need to get dressed, because she wore a night suit and socks while she slept. Every morning was a morning like this. Her schedule for the morning was the following: 

\- Wake up 6:00 

\- Bathroom 6:01

\- Get breakfast ready 6:10

\- Kiss Jeff goodbye 7:00

\- Freedom 7:01

This morning however, she was feeling different. Something was lingering in her mind, and she knew what it was. The voice that appeared in her sleep every night, had been interrupted by her alarm clock. The voice had guided her through many stages of her life, and to her the voice felt like the mom she never had. She told no one about this, not afraid that they weren't gonna believe her, just because she didn't really socialise a lot. She was curious to what the voice had tried to tell her. She met the voice whenever she was sleeping, in some sort of intergalactic universe. She felt comfortable and elegant in there, it was dainty, and her mind was fluid and receptive for all kinds of vibrations, colours and - in essence- advice.  Jeff always liked his breakfast the same each morning : two squeezed oranges, one hard boiled egg, bread with butter and a black coffee. As she was hand-squeezing the oranges, she became frustrated. She had asked jeff to buy her an electric orange juicer, but according to him 'human beings with two hands do not need devices like that'. Just in that moment, Jeff came into the kitchen. 'This is weird' she thought, because he normally would still be asleep at this time. But she knew what time it was, metaphorically speaking. She had pissed Jeff off again, probably by something arbitrary and small. 'Eleanor, you left the tap running in the bathroom once again'. She cringed internally. Who in their right mind... 'Who's the one who pays for the water? It's me, isn't it? As long as I pay for all the shit in this house, i at least expect you to respect me!' He looked at her as if he detested her, which he did. She didn't love Jeff, nor did she hate him. She just tolerated him. 'I'm sorry Jeff but it must have just been a few drops at most. I would never leave the tap running' she said as calmly as possible. She offered him the glass of orange juice; 'good morning'. Her marriage with Jeff had been starting to fall apart even before it started. When they were just seventeen years old, a year into their relationship, he hit her for the first time because she smiled at an unknown man in the grocery store. Compared to the beatings that she had received from Jeff, that first 'smack' on her cheek (flat handed), was mild and tame, but the first time he hit her was the time it hurt the most. It was the first time Jeff had ever let her down. She felt it coming already. There was no way she was gonna calm Jeff with some juice. 'Good morning? I would like to see how you would feel if you had to go to *fucking* work each day when your wife just spends your money like it ain't nothing'. Jeff stepped into her aura. He still had a morning breath. 'Why do you always act like a child? Why do I have to put up with this shit every single *fucking* day Eleanor?' She stepped back. He stepped forward. He pressed his chest up against her chest and her head bumped into the kitchen counter. He whispered in her ear 'Other men get woken up with a good morning kiss, I need to lecture my wife on basic house rules' He spit in the orange juice and walked back upstairs. In his carelessness, he bumped into the glass and it fell to the ground. There was glass and sticky liquid all over the floor. Liquid like her brain at night. She looked at Jeff's back when he walked away. His body had become fat over the years, and there was a bald spot on the back of his head. All of a sudden, she had this feeling of disgust with the sight of him. Who did he think he was to talk to her like that?  'Were you gonna clean that up?' she asked him politely. For others, this may seem like a normal and reasonable thing to say. Not to Jeff. He was halfway up the stairs and froze. Then he turned around. 'You *stupid, ugly, poor excuse of a woman'* He was yelling at this point, and  rapidly walked up to her and then wrapped his whole hand around her neck. Everything went so quickly at this point, Eleanor didn't know what was coming. He punched her in her stomach, shook her shoulders and pulled her hair. At a certain point he started wrestling her, like other married people might do in a playful way, but it was not playful. He pinned her to the floor with her hands behind her head. She felt his grip get tighter around her wrist, and she started feeling her heartbeat very clearly in her hands and fingers. 'I should have choked you the moment I had the chance' At this point his veins began to show in his neck, which was a major red flag for Eleanor. The more veins showed in Jeff's neck, the more injuries for Eleanor. As he so talked so furiously, his spittle landed on Eleanor's face. The drops of saliva were like tiny snowflakes falling down. She was fed up at this point. She was not weak like Jeff claimed,  she had seen a tv show about self defence for women. Eleanor had paid close attention. She wrestled herself out of his grip and crawled away from him. She was so angry, so frustrated and so deprived of love, that she was tempted to grab the vase that was the first object in her sight and bash it into his head, like women do in movies. Luckily she was able to come to her senses. She stood up and Jeff stood up simultaneously. They stared each other dead in the eye, and then it felt like something took over her body. She stretched her arm and swung. The sound of her flat hand hitting his chubby face was the best thing she had heard in years. If she had to name in in her ringtone list, it would be 'eruption'. All of a sudden the voice of the instructor of the self defence program popped up in her mind 'Always aim for the head'. It all made sense now. This was the first time she didn't let herself down. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

note: this is one of my first posts ever on reddit, as well as my first attempts of writing after a long while. English is not my first language so excuse my grammar mistakes if there are any. - 

&#x200B;