"I've never taken joy in doing this. All of the souls I've taken, from deaths that could've been prevented, by youths just wanting to have a little fun, soldiers just trying to fight for their country and loved ones, people that make one mistake their whole lives that ends up being fatal, and people just trying to provide for their family any way they could. Sure there are some bad apples, rapists, murderers, and pedophiles, but I've been doing this for billions of years, it's like being a retail employee, for every good or bad customer you get a hundred you won't remember. I never thought I'd be here for you."

A solemn look of understanding finally came over Life's eyes. When I arrived he looked surprised to see me, even though there's no other life left in the entire universe. Maybe he was holding on to some foolish hope that it might be prevented. 

After a long pause Life finally spoke up "Will you sit with me and watch the end?"

"Gladly, old friend." I said and took a seat with him on the moon. Poetically enough, earth is going to be the last planet to crumble. 

"Remember when we used to argue over people that could've either lived or died?"

I chuckled recalling all the memories "the first few thousand times we had heated debates but we devolved into-"

"Playing games like Rock, Paper, Scissors." Laughed Life. 

"Hey Death?" Life asked, there was something in his voice...something that sounded scared

"What's up?" I asked using a calming voice I've perfected over the millennia. 

"What's it like? Dying? Is there anything after?" He asked the age old question, and for the first time I didn't really have an answer. 

"Well to tell you the truth, I don't know what it's like, I can't speak from personal experience since I can't die but I can tell you where I take people."

Life nodded, "okay."

"Well for the bad people, they don't go to a hell of eternal torment" I tried to say in a fake scary voice "I just give them what everyone thinks death is. Eternal darkness and nothingness. Only difference is that they -or rather their souls- are aware of it."

Life gulped as if he thought he'd be going there "and the good people?"

"The good people I give an afterlife in my dimension. The experience can be whatever they want it to be, but the environment is all the same. There's a large city, for people that want to pretend they're still alive or just want to do things in the city they couldn't in life. Beyond that there's forests, orchards, vast green fields, and everyone can choose whether they see everyone else, or experience it alone. You can turn that on and off as well."

"Sounds marvellous." Life said, with a longing look in his eyes. 

"That's where you'll be going." I told him.

Life turned to me with a surprised look in his eyes "really?"

"Do you really think you're that bad?" I asked, sort of stunned. 

"I gave life to all those bad people you sent to the nothingness." 

"Yes but you also breathed life into good people, and trillions of other living beings spread across the entire universe. Life, you gave me a reason to be here, and to do what I had to do."

"Huh," Life said, "I never thought of it that way. I always thought it was you who gave me purpose."

"It was sort of a quid pro quo thing." I chuckled.

"Okay..." Life sighed "I'm ready."

"You won't feel a thing, I'm just going to take your soul and place it in my dimension. You'll open your eyes to paradise." I assured him, then placed my hand on his head.

After it was done I opened a portal to my realm, and before I stepped through, with a heavy heart I looked back at earth just as it was exploding, took a look at the Soul of Life in my hand, then stepped through.