"Right sir," his adjutant, Major Thompson replied. He readied his sword and shaved the head clean off the nearest grunt he could find. "Now for the spell..."

The Major wiped his blade clean and drew strange symbols in the blood, mixing it with the cold earth. Minutes passed as he mumbled to himself the insane ramblings of an ancient tongue. He stood and waited.

Rumbling quakes sounded from the west. A monster of a million tentacles, dripping with seawater that normally swirls at fathoms to deep for man to understand, slowly approached. The soldiers did what they could to remove themselves from its path, moving their tanks and changing formations as quickly as the space and terrain allowed. However, the old god has no concern for the lives of insects. Many died during its approach.

"Called again to my dislike a job a thunder an enemy lands on my home and cries for destruction and shall bring much agony and defeat and my victory is allowed to fight summoned again again again..." Cthulhu droned on in a voice that reminded Major Thompson of the visit he had with his brother, who resided in a mental institution. 

The huge door of the alien mothership opened as Cthulhu approached. A single, enormous being, the size of the old god himself, stepped out from the giant pit of a door. It was a giant creature that had the body of a grasshopper that stood upright, wings included. It stepped forward, destroying mountains in the process. It paused in front of Cthulhu, and spoke, "Cthulhu? Is that you?"

"What?" Cthulhu said. "Ghrilgi? No way, man! I haven't seen you in ages!"

"Ah shit, it *is* you! Man, what do you say to that, huh?"

"I know, I know."

"I'm coming down with this alien species that I enslaved, ready to invade..."

"Tell me about it, bro."

"...and here's my old pal *Cthulhu* stepping up to the plate!"

"Yeah, man. Dude, talk about a situation, huh?"

"Yeah, totally. Totally a situation."

"It's a bit awkward, don't you think Ghrilgi? I mean...we're gonna have to fight."

"Fight? Nah, come on man, we don't *fight.* Let's just kill all humans and call it a day. Just like old times?"

"Nah, see, I'm sorry bro, totally sorry, but it's just like. I kinda like these guys."

"Like them?! Cthulhu, you can't be serious."

"I mean, they've kinda grown on me. So...I'm gonna have to kill ya."

"Kill me? But..."

"Yeah, and just kind drip your wet carcass over the land to show others, you know..."

"...we're friends."

"...not to mess with me."

"I mean, I thought we were friends. You won't do that."

"Oh, I will. They don't call me the old god for nothing."

"Well, can I at least get a head start or something?"

"A head start at what, Ghrilgi? You're gonna die here. Today."

"Cthulhu, come on. You're not really. Not really gonna do that."

"Afraid I am. I have to, actually. They already paid the sacrifice."

"Ah, nah, man."

"Totally bro. Totally gonna kill you."

"Nah..."

"Yep."

"Nah, I mean--" Cthulhu interrupted Ghrilgi with a tentacle around the throat. The old god made the fight look easy. When he was done, he took Ghrilgi's corpse with him back to the ocean. 

Back to his home.

******

r/arcaldwell -- you won't die if you don't.