Sandy didn't like the new computer her great-grandson Martin sent her. It was too big, made too much noise, and made the lights dim whenever she used it. But he was a good boy, and came by twice a week to look in on her and have a little chat.

She lived alone on a pension that had shrunk uncomfortably small after the crash of '08. If she pinched her pennies, she could get by most of the month without eating discount cat food. Lately though, Martin had been paying her an allowance that kept the cat food tins closed.

She was sitting at the computer looking at cat videos when the doorbell rang.

"I'm coming!" she shouted, exasperated by the bother of such an early visit.

But there wasn't anyone at the door. However, there was a small box on the porch. It didn't have any address on it, so she assumed it was a mistake and put it on the side-table for the mailman to take along with three others she'd received earlier. She'd been getting the packages for a whole month now, after she complained online that there were too many dogs. If she had her way, everyone would have cats and the dogs could all go to the moon for all she cared. She supposed there were plenty of moon men to keep them company, and if not we should send a few of our politicians to keep them company. Maybe they could send her some moon rocks for the garden?

She'd neglected her medicine that day and was peeved because the neighbor's dog had barked for five days straight and Mittens was beside herself.

Come to think of it, she hadn't heard her neighbors fighting for some time now.  They really went at it those two, and she'd been telling her facebook friends that the two of them should go live on a desert island for a few years to work out their differences without annoying people.  She was sure they could work it out if they had enough time and plenty of prune juice to keep them regular.

She turned on her favorite soap opera and wondered if that rascal Deacon Hill was going to get what was coming to him. He deserved a good hiding for all the ladies he'd swindled and if she had her way, they'd make him get down on his knees and apologize after giving them back double the money he'd stolen.

"Mister Hill, are you sure you want to do that."

"I have no choice, Rodrigo," the man said on the television. "I have been a complete cad, and want to make amends."

She watched the whole episode and turned off the television in disgust.  She'd been secretly hoping that Deacon would elope with the Senator's daughter, but was too embarrassed to tell her friend Penny, who came by once a week to do the house cleaning.  Sandy was hoping Penny would come by today, since the last time she'd seen the woman she'd accused her of stealing her grocery money, when in fact Sandy had misplaced it.  She'd said some pretty mean things to Penny. At one point she'd even told the woman to go to Hell.

"Oh drat," she said to herself. "I wish Penny was here so I can apologize."

The big computer in the living room made a rumbling sound and then the power went out.  There was a sulphurous odor coming from somewhere in the dark house and she almost screamed something cracked and the kitchen filled with an eerie purple glow.

"Sandy, why?" she heard Penny wail.

---



