By the time he reached the top floor of Marshall Tower, Alex Drake was practically frothing at the mouth. He held a steaming White Lotus Tea in a trembling hand. Sounds of laughter and clinking glasses emanated from the Opulent Penthouse Office. 

The guard held up a hand, clearly reading murderous intent in Alex’s eyes. “What are you doing here,” he said. 

Alex smiled and flashed his corporate id, “Mr *Hannibal* asked me to bring him his favorite tea,” he raised the travel mug as evidence, “Had to ditch a date just to bring the bastard this…”

The radio on the guard’s chest beeped, a raspy, panicked voice came on the other end. “*We have a situation, code Caesar, all available units to the East Wing asap.”* The guard looked from Alex, to the radio, and back with a conflicted expression. After studying Alex another moment, he nodded, “Alright. Go ahead.” *It sounded like the sort of thing Hannibal would do*. *Ask for a cup of Tea from some poor lackey in the midst of a legitimate emergency.*

“Thank you,” Alex said. He went into the office and closed the obsidian door behind him. The three men he’d wanted to see, the unholy trinity, weren’t in the office, but stood just outside. They formed a semi-circle outside an open window on Hannibal’s “Sky Platform”. It was a pristine glass floor overlooking Manhattan, the view was breathtaking and Hannibal said he was at his best when he knew only an inch of glass separated him from the grave. 

At the sound of the door slamming, the three turned their heads. There was: Yuri Kevkin, the prodigy, the genius behind *Dark Matter Unlimited.* Gerald Marshal, the quadrillionaire angel investor with a heart of black. And, most importantly, there was Harrison Hannibal Sr, *the motherfucking Con Man,* holding a giant, red button*.* 

“Who’s this,” Kevkin said in a rough accent, “I thought you said there would be women here with us to watch the second burning of Rome. I didn’t invent a world ending device just so-”

Marshall, as usual seeing only the surface, said, “*Quiet down*. Ah, okay, Coffee Boy yes? Make no matter of what my colleague said. Leave the Tea on the desk and go out the way you came. Thank you.”

Hannibal said nothing. His eyes held nothing but cold comprehension. 

He and Alex held each other’s gaze for a long minute before Alex spoke up. “You- You fucking SCAMMED me! Give me back my money!”

Hannibal raised his hands placatingly, “Now Now, let’s not over exaggerate things. *You* chose to invest, it *didn’t* work out this time. It happens kid, you’ll learn-“

Alex snarled and crossed the floor, he felt like a puppet, not in control of himself. It was his rage that pulled the strings. “You *liar,* you *snake,* how many lives did you ruin? Do you even care?”

“What’s going on here,” Marshall asked, “Hannibal, explain.”

Kevkin seemed to understand. He moved to the edge of the sky platform and looked down. “Why don’t we talk about this somewhere more…”

Alex ignored them. It was Hannibal he wanted. “Here Mr. Hannibal, I’ve brought your White Lotus tea. *Piping hot,* just the way you like it.” 

He brought the tea down on the platform in a fist. His hand was scalded in the process, but he hardly noticed. “Now you’re going to give me back-“

He was interrupted by the small sound of a tiny crack. It was the smallest, most insignificant of noises, but it rang out like a gong. 

Kevkin made to leap back through the window, but it was too late. The platform shattered in an instant. 

Only Hannibal had been close enough to grab the ledge. His hand, cut by the broken glass and bleeding heavily, was already slipping. “You Idiot, Help me up. You want your money? *Fine,*I’ll give you it back tenfold, just pull me-“

Alex stood too dumbfounded to respond, he watched the forms of Kevkin and Marshall plummeting to their deaths. They fell so fast, so much faster than he could have imagined, by then they already looked like tiny little blobs. *What have I done….*

“DO YOU HEAR ME? PULL ME UP THIS INSTANT OR I-“

Just as Alex shook himself back to reality, Hannibal’s hand slipped. Within seconds, he too had splattered on the pavement. In an instant, three of the most powerful men in the world were nothing more than abstract art. 

Alex’s phone rang, he moved autonomously to answer it. “Alex Drake, this is Agent Van Buren, FBI. You’ve just saved this city from sure annihilation, son. Our strike team ran into resistance in the East Wing, and we have been unable to reach Captain Eagle via our usual lines of communication. If you hadn’t acted when you did, well, let’s just be glad you did.”

Alex couldn’t decide if he was awake or dreaming. “I- I didn’t. I just-“

“This is probably a lot to take in. We’ve had you pegged as a potential *under-cover Super,* for months now. I mean, a fucking coffee grabbing page boy with *your* qualifications? I don’t think so. Don’t worry your secret identity will be safe with us. In fact, we have a situation in Peru we think you might be-”

Alex pulled his phone away from his face and stared at it. *No, this isn’t real, this can’t be.* At a loss for any appropriate response, he reared back and launched his phone out through the window and into oblivion. 

There was a blinding, golden, whir, and then a buff man hovered before him. He held Alex’s phone in an outstretched hand. 

“Y-You’re Golden Eagle,” Alex said. 

The Super’s face remained unchanged from its stern disapproving glare. The hero’s voice was low and deep, “I’m not as easy to fool as the feds, kid. I saw *hatred* in your heart. That wasn’t about saving the city….that was about *revenge.”*

Alex took a step back and stuttered, “No- I don’t.”

Golden Eagle tossed him his phone, his face disgusted. “Whatever you say kid. Just know this:  ***I’ll be keeping an eye on you.***”

\_

&#x200B;

Wow, this was long! Feedback and criticisms are always appreciated.

If you enjoyed, consider checking out more of my stuff at r/charlestonchews

&#x200B;

&#x200B;