Surrounded by ash and overcast, the ziggurat stood an old testament to the power and glory that was once within the crags. Its foundations were decayed from the strongest stone to a simple sand, a remarkable result of time and presence to myself, and it was always amusing to watch would-be fools try and climb it. 

One such young lad at the bottom found himself trying to find footing on the old ramps up, frequently losing it on the shambles below him, nearly tripping over his own arms and armor every time.

I could tell by the smell of his thoughts where he had come from, and why he had come at all. The thing about those youths, their minds were open books to those who knew how to look. He was from the south, near the counties of Surd, and he had come on his quest to defeat me in battle on the whims of his own masters, who had convinced him that he was a prophesied hero of some sort.

*Oh joy,* I mumbled to myself, again, *another would-be chosen one.* That made him the third to appear that month, and in grand total, the 417th. It got old after 10, and yet each time I always bellowed out the same thing, partly to my unfortunate guest, but mostly to myself, "Is this all I'm really worth these days, some kid in the latest getup who can't even climb a monument?"

The young lad nearly jumped out of his skin before I could finish my sentence, almost sending himself tumbling down the pathways up the ziggurat. He wanted to believe he had the element of surprise since the pathways were built along the walls of the temple rather than perpendicular to it. His disappointment, and the resulting dread that inevitably followed, also got old by the 10th 'chosen one.'

I decided I would wait for him to reach the top, if he didn't kill himself on the way up, then I'd entertain myself for a bit. Eventually a small metal cap popped into view at the edge of the ziggurat, and my guest came into more prominent view.

I gave him a little clap and declared, "At last the chosen one defeats his ultimate destined foe, a ramp! Truly, next he'll be locked in mortal battle with its master, stairs." I gave out a laugh that had not been genuine in a very long time, and to be honest, I think he could tell. I was never really a good actor.

He held out a hand with his finger raised, begging for a minute to catch his breath. When he looked up to see me, I swear he turned white as snow and I could hear him almost yelp in his head. Was I really that unpleasant to look at? I didn't think so. The worshipers didn't seem to mind back when they were around, and I made them clean my horns and teeth with small wooden picks. 

In his head, I could see he was expecting something completely different, a robed figure of shadow and darkness, a lavish enchanter with purple frills and a tall hat, or maybe a halo with an odd number of wings for some reason. He was expecting something human, but if a god is anything, it is not human, not anymore at least.

"Welcome mortal to the grand temple of your ultimate fa- yada yada yada, what do you want intruder?" I yelled out to the boy.

He fumbled for a bit trying to ready his weapons and equipment from his pack, exuding in his motions an air of great confidence alongside horrible incompetence, a pattern I spotted around the 4th 'chosen one.'

When he finished, he looked up to me, and declared, "My name is Augirit, son of Ruad, prophesied hero of the free peoples of Surd! By fate's will and decree, I have come to..."

Less than 15 seconds into his heroic chant and I had already grown impatient. I cut off his speech with a simple question. "Who sent you this time?"

For a couple of seconds, he stared at me with somewhat slack jawed confusion before speaking. "'This time,' What do you mean 'this time?'"

"Did you not notice the mangled pile of decomposing bodies near the bottom of the temple? Those were other 'prophesied heroes' sent by tricksters and madmen who believe pieces of paper or stone can tell the future! Now I ask again, who sent you?"

I got the impression he didn't believe me, but none the less, he answered, "Sir Gald of the Temple of the Hidden Path, chiefest priest and knight of the free people's of Su..."

At about that moment, his head twisted about three full revolutions around the body, his spine broke at every ligament, and his limbs crushed inward on themselves as his armor was compressed. By the end of the ordeal, my dear visitor was a pile of broken meat on the ground. Seeing the job was done, I waved my hand, and his body was pushed forward off the edge, and on to the pile below.

 I was about to get up to start my little walk to Surd, but a most excellent idea popped into my head.

I waved the body back up the slopes of the ziggurat, straightened it out a little, and gave it a little bit of life. He stood up, a shambling corpse in a horrible guise of the living, ready to obey my command with his similar levels of gullibility, I made sure he was alive enough to keep that.

"Oh great Chosen One, hero of Charon mountain ranges, a most foul evil lurks in the counties of Surd, that you and you alone are prophesied to destroy..." and with that, I sent him off. Hoping it would give this 'Sir Gald' a bit of a lesson.