"..anomalies arising from deep sea now" communicates the Seer to Second Overlord Eeie. "What", Eeies straightforward, reptilian cortex thinks, "what, what... what what what...", eyes darting and tongues hissing over their representation of Earth, searching.
The Seer sighs - deep inside, where his secret thoughts are kept, he has stopped laughing to sigh at Eeie's antics. "Chop chop sir, it's right there, find the red dot, you can do it.."

Eeie lets out a hiss, eyes locked on a number of terminated flying saucer signals near the planet's deepest water-valley.

"There you are" secretly thinks the Seer, "so here we go again.."

"Raaargh!!" Eeie roars at his discovery, already forgotten who alerted him to it.

"Yes, master?"

"There! Kill!" the giant reptile points several limbs at the red dots, hovering menacingly over the Seer.

"....?"

"Raargh KILL!!" he roars, convinced he'd solved this botched mission's problems in one blow.

"..Kill what?" the Seer communicates flatly,

"you're pointing at our casualties. Don't know what killed em. It's not the moving dead, too deep for them."


Shrugging innocently, a deep chuckle within, the Seer reclines and watches a shiver go through Eeie's million brilliant scales. If he didn't try to enjoy this futile, repetitive exercise, he'd have damned the fleet aeons ago. Finally Eeie gives in with a confused nod. "So.. Fix!"

Wonderful. The Seer accepts graciously, smiling from within and without, anxious to get back in there. This might be his most exciting op yet. Even more, it might be the answer..

His soul leaves the mothership and sinks toward Earth. The chaos is palpable even from space and soon it has enveloped him, a black shroud of unspeakable forces. At this point he can barely tell them apart. None of them had been felt or even suspected until Trump..

Maybe it all made sense. The humans had seemed inconquerable for years. Plagues averted, Gods destroyed, they were on the brink of immortality.. until that strange human like a demon posessed ('are Gods at play here?' the seer wonders) took the future of Humanity for a nosedive.

For the Fleet this dip in human unity was the signal for attack. For the Zombie Hivemind it had been Trump's dismantling of vaccination development. The Generalized Artificial Intelligence claims the collapse of Bitcoin was its incentive for robot mobilisation, but we all know who's to blame for most human markets collapsing lately..
The Seer's soul glows with hope. So many Powers, and new ones still hatching. Angry and confused. Deep within the ocean he scans the dismantled saucers and feels a smooth, ancient force rising from the depths.

"Cthulhu fhtagn!"

The being slows for a moment, before rising on. The Seer chases.

"Cthulhu! Lord Cthulhu!" The endless biomass does not slow. Actually, numerous creatures from the deep are joining its ascent. "Oh Lord of the Deep.. I have read much about you.. Why are you rising now?"

Without an answer, the Seer scans his data on the ancient being. There were supposed to be rituals foreboding his arrival. No rituals - he'd counted old Cthulhu out. Why was he joining now?

"Lord Cthulhu! Halt!" would not slow him down. "Cthulhu, it is no use!" would not. "Oh Lord of the depths, lord of your eternal home, lord of the belly of Earth. Stop! It is too late! Earth.. will die."

Unnoticeably at first but surely, the ocean slowed down and stopped moving. Only when all was still the Seer noticed that it was not the ocean that had stopped, but the giants within it.

"Speak, Stranger" spoke the ocean, or those within. The Seer guessed right - theirs was a last ditch effort. Trump had nullified the 2020 climate agreements. Their home was in danger.

"The earth will die" he repeats, "but not because of Trump".

"What do you mean, not because of Trump? We're all fucked down here" the seas echo.

"Well, sorta because of Trump, but not Paris 2020. Also because of the Zombies and the Robots. So yeah, Trump."
The water moves uneasily. New voices begin. "Look Evil Lord, we're sorry about the Depths but we're just joining in to feast."

"Stand back Kraken, you shall get your fill" Cthulhu booms.

"..no, Sir, look. You're very evil and very large, but you only command one dimension power. This Trump guy sounds really.. diverse."

Before Cthulhu or the Seer could butt in the Kraken and its nest had sped off to join whatever army they thought Trump might have. Of course they were wrong - but confusion like this has been rampant since the start. Right now the Seer knew he had to keep the forces of Cthulhu together to stand a chance.

"Gods!" the Seer's soul shone brightly, though he knew most of these creatures less than divine. "Gods of the deep - and of water in general" he added to be on the safe side. "Earth and the ocean, they are lost. The dead are consuming it. Machines are cleansing it. Humanity implodes. And from beyond, if Earth survives, My kind are poised to destroy what we cannot control."

In the silence, continents could be felt pulling closer, straining their ancient ears. The Seer basked in this drama: his reptilian masters had no sense of comedy, drama or timing.

"Your Earth is lost. To those who cannot accept this: Go, fight, and accept your death. To those who'll live on: Follow me! Far above, salvation awaits! Kill my master, take his ship, and take his homeworld for your own!"

Another pause for effect and the Seer shot up. Those who stayed and those who followed were doomed - his homeworld long barren, the Fleet at its final destination. He was done anyway, he had seen it all and he was tired. "Here goes nothing" he thought looking down at the slimey biomass in pursuit, "but who cares. If these guys can't kill Eeie, I'm joining Trump."