It had started of as a joke. Some stupid dare from when he and his friends had too much to drink, and that no one took seriously. No one but him. Because when a man called you out, no matter how small a call it maybe, you had to step up. 

So he made the announcement the following week. The media was present and dutifully reporting. At first, no one took him seriously, but that was fine, he really didn't want the job, he just wanted to prove that he was man enough to run. But he couldn't just half ass it, he still had that bet to win, so he decided to hire the best people, and only the best because he only every hired *the best*.

And those people did their job as well as expected, a little too well perhaps in hindsight. Because what was meant to be a minor campaign, created solely to win some schoolboy bet, had now picked up steam, and a whole lot of it. So he decided to take matters into his own, admittedly *huge*, hands. Yes, he had won the bet so there was no need to prolong this charade any more. All he had to do now was ramble on and say some choice words about some some particular groups and he'd be kicked out like a lousy guest that had worn out his welcome. 

So he started the self sabotage. ""I will build a great wall -- and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me --and I'll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words. Because when Mexico sends its people, they send the worst, their rapists and murderers!"

 He thought for sure that would be enough. No way the Hispanic community would let this slide and even the Republicans wouldn't want to touch him after this. Hell two of the schmucks competing for this job had Hispanic last names! He couldn't have made it easier for them to cut him out of the race, except by putting a knife to his own throat. But somehow that wasn't enough. Somehow that only riled up the crowds. Ok fine whatever, he'd just attack the Muslim community next or insult Hillary or something. Once he pissed of enough people, no one would want to stand next to him let alone support him. Sure some feelings would be hurt, but he had plenty of time and money to help repair whatever damage his words would do. Sticks and stones right? And if nothing else worked, he always had that damned tape stashed away some where. It was an absolute last resort, he wasn't sure he'd be able to look his children in the eye again if they heard it, but by God if that's what it took to fall out of this race, then he would deliver it to CNN himself if he had to. 

Jesus Christ. He won. He actually won. Somehow, against all the odds and months of self sabotage, he managed to make it through this year long interview to become the 45th President of the United States of America. God help him, God help the world. But maybe it wasn't too late. There was always impeachment. All Old Bill had to do was get a little frisky in the Oval Office, so he could surely match that in some way. And after all this, how much more could the people really take?