(First of all not a writer. Second of all I know this is supposed to be a “short story”, but I might have gone on for a bit. This is my first time responding because this prompt was just too good to pass up. ) 

When NASA trains you for a mission they ensure that every member of the mission can do everything. It doesn’t matter what your role is. If the pilot goes down everyone can pilot. If the programmer goes down anyone can repair the code used for the oxygen recycler. The only thing Captain Jeffery Hunt hadn’t been trained to do was administer the mixture that put a man into cryo. Man had watched as frog and fish come back to life after a winter in ice, but it wasn’t until recent years that they had figured out how to make it work for mammals. The ability to fix bugs in code was well and good, but when the screens that were needed to view the code were smashed it didn’t much matter if they were intact or not. 

“Come on Hunt.”  He said to himself. “Improvise, adapt, and overcome.” He said the marine slogan to remind him of who he was and why he was in charge of this mission. He saw his own bettered reflection in the cracked helmet that had managed not to leak environment in the crash. “Damn cosmonaut and his damn  heap commie parts.” He said kicking the Russian component he though is what cause the landing to fail. The sudden shift of weight onto the fractured leg cause him to cry out in pain. His head swam for a minute and then he woke up on the floor. Struggling to his feet he curse himself for his stupidity. Near as he could tell his leg was busted in two places. Who knew how many busted ribs and the sprained wrist to top it off. 

Using a piece of pipe as a crutch he limped over to the cryo pod. The last working screen was attached to this unit. He could take it off and hook it up to the main computer and try to get the manual off of it for the cryo cocktail needed to sleep, but what had the eggheads said? 

“Only fuck with the cryo pods if you want them to  fuck up.” He said to the empty shit. He needed to hear himself talk. If for no other reason than to make sure he was still alive. “Fuck if I wasn’t still kicking it wouldn’t hurt this bad.” He said with a small chuckle. A chuckle that caused him to suck in precious air and wince in pain. “Have to do this quick or I won’t make it. The warning labels on the chemical vials all said not to take it while other drugs were in your system so once the morphine syrette  he had pulled out of his suit first aid kit wore off... well that was it. 

“Alexa?” He asks hesitantly. Hoping the corporate sponsor’s virtual intelligence assistant that was on the ship still functioned. “Alexa What is the proper dosage for a year four years of cryo?” He asked desperately. The blue glow of the device kicked on but the crackles and pops that sounded like they came out of a 30’s radio that was warming up dashed his last hope. “Fine.” He said almost getting angry. “Fine we’ll fucking wing it.” He brought the case over to the pod and prepped the multi injector that came with it. 

Unsure of what the real mix was he simply filled it all the way up and said a prayer. A series of little pricks pierced his skin and he tossed the damnable this away casually. The same casual attitude was used to hit the buttons needed to initiate the auto cycle. He didn’t care to think of what they told him about the way this thing worked. Something tied in with the Alexa piece of shit that didn’t work right. The crackles from the broken speaker reminded him he hadn’t finished programming. He punched in how much of the juice he gave himself and flopped down into the bed. The pain came back in full as everything around him faded to a terrifying blackness filled with nothing. 

Captain Hunt woke shivering and in pain. The damn cryo crap worse off worse than the drugs he was addicted to before going into the marines all those years ago. He wretched in the pod before he could even think about anything else. He was shaking like the junkie he hadn’t know since he was 16 as he pulled himself out of the pod. His leg didn’t scream at his as he put weight on it. He had set it correctly before he got in the tube and it had healed at least well enough for now. Brushing off the dusty console on the pod told him it had been four years. He let out a long sigh. 

“If that’s the case then I’m...... dead.” He said letting the lady shred of hope fall away as the O2 gauge on the pod flashed 0% again and again. “Well.” He shrugged as he lifted his thin emancipated frame upright. “Nothing else left other than the faster of the options left. He staggered to the door like a newborn taking its first steps. The red emergency handle was the only thing he could focus on as he leaned against the door. “Forgive me.” He said as he yanked it. Explosive bolts popped half heartedly, but enough to let his weight against the door do the rest. 

Then the inflatable raft that was supposed to help them down if they had landed correctly partially deployed and caught him as he went hurtling to Martian dirt red tiles. He groaned as the world spun for a moment. He could swear he heard gasps and screams. People? It must be the hallucination of a final moment. 

His eyes focused and he found he was being treated by a woman with a strange device as he was being whisper away on a gurney that was smoother than anything he ever knew. Before he let himself drop back the last this Captain hunt saw was a destroyed hulk of a ship and a big holographical display “U.N. Courageous. Tomb of the first manned expedition to Mars.” 
 