I slowly open my eyes, waking up to the beeping of my alarm and start to realize something is wrong. The first thing I register as wrong is I'm laying on my back, I never wake up on my back. Something feels off about my bed, my alarm is still beeping so I go to turn it off and I realize that I feel weak and anyways when did my alarm start beeping instead of play music?

I start as I feel something brush against my hand, "Oh, I'm sorry sir I didn't realize you where awake." I hear a soft voice say.

"Where... where am I and what's going on?" I ask, my voice feels heavy like I haven't used it in a while.

"You are at Good Sam sir, you where in a car crash almost three years ago and been in   a coma since then." She explains to me.

I remember that crash but I don't remember it being that bad and from what feels like memories to me but that also feel like four years to me. I look at the nurse, "Can you tell me today's date please?"

"It is June sixth 2017 sir." A whole year before I "won" the lottery. "Now if you will excuse me I think the doctor would like to talk to you." She says to me.

"Yes, thank you." I say to her as she walks out of the room. I sit there trying to process all these memories I have that must be dreams, especially the ones of the following year while waiting for the doctor. After what feels like almost an hour I hear the click of the door as the nurse comes back in with a man in the typical doctor's get up. He asks me questions that I can only assume are normal questions to ask someone who's woken up from a coma, what's my name, when was I born, while the nurse checks my vitals. Once they are done they start to leave and I ask if I may have a lap top to look up a few things.

Over the next month I do my best to look up events that I remember and find that I remember them almost exactly as reported. At first I think maybe this coma dream was influenced by news reports, but as I get closer to today's date I start to realize that I remember things they didn't release until later and none of those feel like after thoughts to me.

I sit in my room watching a live stream of a four car pileup and realize I was there, I was almost fired from my job because I wasn't able to come in today. I feel tears start to roll down my face as I realize that the driver of the blue Ford that's trapped inside and the officer that's trying to help her out are about to die from the car exploding, they didn't know anything was wrong with it, when Sam, the nurse that has been taking care of me the past month, comes in. "Mr. Smith are you okay?"

I nod closing my laptop and wiping the tears from my eyes, "Yes thank you Sam." I say smiling up at her.

"Well Mr. Smith, you have made an exceptional recovery and you are free to leave and resume your normal life whenever you are ready." She says her eyes lighting up as she smiles at me.

"Thank you, let me just pack up my few things and I'll be out of your guys's hair." I say while standing up. She smiles at me before walking out of my room.

As I pack my things and sign out of the hospital it starts to dawn on me, my memories are real and I must do something with them.

Over the time of my memories that I have left I start going to as many of these events that I remember as I can. I start saving people as I can, making sure people give the right speeches, and otherwise help out my community as I can and start to become a local "hero" from my actions.

It is June Fourth, 2018 and I am about to go into my favorite convenience store and buy my first ever lottery ticket using the same numbers I used in my dream. My time is almost up, very soon I won't remember anything, I'm not sure I'm ready for the unknown.