 
“Are you trying to look like that on purpose?” said H-143. 

“What do you mean? Sharon will love this shirt,” said Tom.

 “You’ve sat behind Sharon for four years. Has Sharon ever loved anything you’ve done? I didn’t even know you were still into real girls. What was that your fifth time watching “Ex-Machina” last night?” Tom looked away angry and embarrassed. ‘How does H-143 know about that?’ he thought. Tom had started to notice his growing attraction to people that were, well not human.  

“Oh shut up,” Tom said. Then there was a knock on the bedroom door. 
“Boys are you ready?” cooed their mother Candace. She was wearing a flouncy peach dress and her signature pearls. Red No 45 stained her lips and a warm vanilla scent enveloped her. “It’s a big day!”

The boys went downstairs to have breakfast. Candace had filled the kitchen with balloons and confetti lined the tablecloth. “Happy birthday Tom!” said his parents. Tom rolled his eyes but H-143 elbowed him hard. “Thank you mom,” Tom said. They sat down and started to eat breakfast. Candace started out with the same story she tells each year. “You know Tom, you were not an easy baby to have.”

“24 hours in labor!” exclaimed Joe, their father, a man with a thick mustache and kind smile. 

“Yes but you were worth the wait,” she caressed the side of Tom’s face. 
“He could have used a little longer if you ask me,” H-143 retorted. 
“Henry that is not a very nice thing to say on your brother’s birthday.”
“Mom I told you it’s H-143 now.” 
“I named you Henry, why would I call you something like H-143. Henry is a such a handsome name.”
“He wants to be cool like that robot rapper I-9. His friend Elon is now E-27 and Yannick is Y-239. Put it all together and you get HEY. They’ll be dropping their first microchip soon,” Tom laughed. 
“At least I have friends,” H-143 glared.
“Alright boys that’s enough,” said Joe. “Why don’t you go play outside for a bit before the party.” 

Candace and Joe tried very hard to raise their kids right. They did not buy the boys too much technology like hover boards or Bing Binoculars. They thought being outside was the best way for them to explore. Not even the 2050 ban on trees made them get rid of their quaint “4” shaped tree. The boys having somewhere to play was far more important to them then getting a slap on the wrist if they were caught. Plus, they hid the tree well with a gadget Candace got for Christmas one year. 

The boys went outside and found their favorite twigs to commence their sword fight. Today would be a day like any other. They hopped up on the tree and began to duel. 

“Don’t think I’m going to let you win because it’s your birthday,” H-143 said smugly. 
“Like I’d even need your help,” Tom said. H-143 pokes and prods but Tom fights back. He starts thinking about how his brother teased him about liking robot girls. Tom lunged forward with such intensity that he accidentally pushed H-143 off the tree. H-143 hit the ground hard with a loud thud. Tom leaned over to see if his brother was ok and slipped, falling right next to him. H-143 groaned in agony. Tom rolled over.
“Oh my god Henry you’re bleeding,” Tom exclaims. H-143 rustles himself onto his side and noticed sparks flying. His face turns to horror as he looks at his brother and tries to back away. 
“What’s wrong why are you looking at me like that?” Tom looks down to see sparks flying from a wire in his arm. Henry screams for his mom. Tom cannot understand what’s happening to him. Candace comes running out and sees the boys frantic. Tom is so overwhelmed tears flow out from his eyes. One lands on his open wound causing more sparks to fly. Suddenly Tom goes into a seizure like state as his parents get closer. Then Tom is out like a light.
 
The back gate opens abruptly. Armed men in suits break into the backyard insisting that the family come with them. The whole family, including the unconscious Tom, are shoved into a van with the men. “What is happening?!” Candace cries. “What is wrong with my boy?” 
“What the hell is going on here?” Joe demanded. Henry sat motionless in the back seat. The men gave each other a look and then there was a burst of energy within the car. The family was knocked out. 

The car pulled into an empty field with an abandoned Chick-Fil-A. They pulled up through the drive through. The driver spoke. 
“I’ll get a medium fry with barbecue sauce... Amen.” A ramp descending into the earth opened and the car slowly entered. 

The men left the car and family to enter a room filled with computers and a woman holding a clipboard. 
“You have located the family?” The men were met by Sheila, an attractive woman with harsh features and long black hair. 
“Yes what is the next step?” said Rodger, the head of security. Sheila seemed calm but her mannerism did not. 
“I am working on it. The skin was NEVER supposed to break. They must have missed that 4 shaped tree in the sweep. How careless of them. They know that trees are the only material able to break robot skin. Well it seems I was right about needing more government funding, wasn’t I? We will have to reset them, or we will jeopardize the whole study.”
“Would Dr. Friezche allow that?” 
“Dr. Friezche is not here anymore so forget about him. I am in charge. We will reset them. It is too risky not too. The whole purpose was to see how robot children would integrate under the guise of normality. The second they or the family knows that it is not their child, and that it is not even human, the results become biased. Let’s not forget then they will start asking where their real baby is and we do not want to go down that road.”
“Yea I know but-“
“I have been working on this for 15 years Rodger. Put them in the tube. Now” The men comply. Once the whole family has entered the machine Sheila hits a button and purple gel fills the tube. Tom’s cut starts to heal before their eyes, leaving a small purple mark. Henry’s wound heals as well but leaves behind a small scar instead. The family is then cleaned up and placed back in their beds at home.
 
The next morning they wake up having no recollection of the events that happened the day prior. Henry wakes up last and notices a new scar on his arm. He stares at it and suddenly feels drawn to the window. As he looks out the window he doesn’t notice anything and feels stumped. His mom calls for breakfast and he goes downstairs met by another ordinary day.
 
Back at the lab Sheila sends the men to chop down the 4 shaped tree and issue the family a fine. She watches them alone through surveillance and everything seems back to normal. She can relax for a while. She gets comfortable and puts her hair up revealing a small purple dot.
