6:30 AM. I have to go to the post office soon. Rainy day. 46 degrees, according to the man on the news. 

"Right now its 46 degrees just outside this weather studio. Probably different wherever you happen to be. It might get up to 51 degrees later in the day. It might rain all day. I don't really know that though, do I?. My segment is done now. Diane, my colleague -- to whom i've never said anything more than 'Good-how-are-you'-- will now give you a selection of news stories that somebody who gets paid more than me selected. It is all complete shit. Diane."

Strange segment, I thought.

Diane then barked on about about how much she fucking hated her job as I finished my cup of coffee and walked out the door. Also, she noted, The President was set to give a speech in an hour. 

Coincidentally, 3 of my neighbors also happened to be just off to work. They closed their doors behind them and, as if it was rehearsed, collectively screamed. Then they gathered themselves and walked to their means of transport. Time for work. 

Mike, my neighbor, was across the street. On his way out he was telling his wife, with a calm demeanor, that he never once, not even for a second loved her. She was a fool for not noticing.

She told him he must be gay. He said not particularly, and described an interesting incident in college. But, he said, I just don't love you. Its not a gay thing.

She got into the family car and ran over the hedges that she had hated ever since he put them in. The iron fence near the hedges was twisted. it dug into the car hood.

I drove on. I had to get to the post office. 

I arrived, parked and walked in. I went over to a desk that had a pen attached by a chain. the pen didn't work and neither did the one next it. The nearest clerk said that he enjoyed watching customers try to use the pens he knew were dead. It helped the time pass. 

I approached him.  I asked how he was. My entire existence is meaninglessly driven by a dying postal system, he said.

I hate everyone, have no close relationships and thrive watching other people suffer minor inconveniences. I'm only alive because I like food, video games, summer, and owning small dogs. 

Then he looked up. What do you need help with?

Just need to send a passport renewal application. I handed him my old passport.

He eyed my old photo. Your skin has turned yellow and papery. Also, you've gained an unhealthy amount of weight. Imagine the next renewal, huh?

I handed him the new photo and the completed forms. 

He took them in his hand. The postage will be $7.42 and then 10 for the application fees. I paid. 

You can leave, he said. FYI, 6 out of 10 of these renewals do not go through. User error. I'm not going to review the document because I don't want to. You will probably have to come back, and if u aren't here within the month they charge you again.

I told him that I hate the post office and his glib face. I also want to burn this grey dead space to the ground. He nodded and called the police. 

They asked me if i said i would burn the place down. I told them did. They asked if i meant it, i did. They arrested me. 

The jailhouse had a line of thousands of people. Each openly confessing to past crimes. Many of the police officers themselves had been detained. The news blasted over the commotion in the police station, people around the world were realizing that no one could lie.  Eyes locked on the screen.

The President's speech ended in a full scale mauling. He was incapacitated, to say the least. I progressed through the endless police station line; watching the world change. Successor after successor ran away. Congress collectively announced their retirement via tweet. Politicians were unwilling to face the press and assume the position of president. Finally, after 50 minutes in line, a particularly endearing white house intern had been given the role of President, despite all rules and regulations.

The press asked their questions about policy proposals, government secrets, human rights and so on. The young woman responded, to the amazement of the press, live viewers, and the entire police station, that she wasn't sure what was best and that nobody could be. She didn't have the answers. She would listen to as many people as she could and try her best.

They dropped their mics, cameras and laptops. She received a 15 minute standing ovation. 