I was sitting in my studio, about to tweet an update on my life to my dedicated fans when that little leprechaun came bursting through the door, like a little ball of orange fire. It's been years since I've seen him, when he cursed me to be the success I am today. I turned my backwards hat frontwards and scrunched my eyebrows. "yo little man, whats the haps? turns out your girl stacy is slick with the raps!" He moved his little body around, his irish accent was hard to understand but i heard the phrase "this isn't happening" tossed around a couple of times. I stood up and stroked my chin as I spat some hot fire "i thought you were dead, boy, check your vitals, your accent so thick i wanna put on subtitles" 

He somehow managed to calm down. His red chinstrap, balding ass head, and ridiculous green suit and tie were finally unblurred. He took a deep breath. I wanted to pick him up and try and burp him but somehow, i resisted and waited for him to talk."Listen, lass" 

I interrupted him, rolling my eyes super exaggeratedly, "why you gotta sound like such a stereotype? youre shaming all of ireland, you dumb asswipe" He looked at me like I was on another planet. Because my rhymes? They were on another planet. He said, "Your mom told me that you dropped out to rap. I know we haven't seen each other in a while but you can't do this." 

I was aghast. Hand to my chest, "Fuck you man, im a bonafide rap guru/ you're just dandruff in my hair, bitch. shampoo. You're the one who cursed me with these rapping skills. im running on my haters, baby: treadmills"

Tears welled in his little leprechaun eyes. I again wanted to burp him. "For the last time, Stacy, it wasn't a curse. You were 10. We were just playing." He started crying; ugh, it was ugly. "You're 16. It's not cute anymore. Please stop with this rap shit. " He paused and put his little tiny hand on my shoulder. I physically recoiled. He was so condescending, "And you know we're Dutch, right? No one's Irish here. I just have red hair."

I turned my frontwards hat backwards and crossed my arms over my chest to show him i was tough. "I'm not cute, i'm the most successful rap artist of all time. to ignore my talents? bitch, thats a fucking war crime"

He left my studio, slamming the door. I flopped back down on my bed and checked my soundcloud. 42 listens in six months. Killing it. 