"Oh, for fuck's sake!" Dorrigan, Ancient High King of the Dark Gods, exclaimed. "How in Set's name was I supposed to know we double booked?" His gnarled horns scratched the living room ceiling, sending drywall everywhere. 

"Perhaps you could have asked," intoned Ghffkt, Grand Inquisitor of the Intergalactic Marauders Union. He was shorter, and half metal. "Certainly neither of us will have use for half a human boy."

"Yeah, no duh, C3-POS," Dorrigan muttered.

I glared at Mom and Dad, who sat semi-flabbergasted on the couch. "What. The fuck. Did you do?" I snarled.

Dad stammered, scratching the back of his head. "Well, um...remember how I wrote that musical back in college and won a Tony?"

"Yeah, and I'm the only person who ever thought it sucked?"

"Yeah," Dad said. "Deal with a demon. You're probably immune. Same with your mother and her Olympic career."

"No, I made a deal with a celestial being," Mom corrected.

"Hardly," Dad huffed. "This dude looks like an octopus crawled into a trash can."

*"Seriously?"* I yelped. Dad shrugged.

Dorrigan pinched where the bridge of his nose would be if he had skin, and sighed. "Okay, how about this," he said. "How about we get him Monday to Friday? You get weekends."

Ghffkt scoffed. "I know how long weeks last in your dimension," he said, rolling a half dozen of his eyes. "Who will clean our blomdullogots for all that time?"

"Figure it out!"

"Uh, I'm actually half computer so I've already figured it out!"

"For fuck's sake!!"

I looked at Mom and Dad again. "Either you get me out of this," I said, "or I'm never speaking to either of you again--no. I'll tell Nana."

Both of their faces creased with worry. "You wouldn't," Dad said.

"She'd give you hell," I replied. "And best case scenario if these guys took me she'd probably make you get me back. I know you're too lazy for that."

Mom squinted at me. "You're a monster."

"Apple doesn't fall far--"

I didn't finish. Just then, a massive sinkhole took the kitchen adjacent. Pots and pans clanged and disappeared as a humongous black form burrowed its way up and out of the gaping maw. It righted itself, staring at all of us with beady black eyes and a short snout. It wore glasses.

"Ahem," the mole-person said. "I, Squibbly Franciscos, am here to claim the soul of one Freddie Brown."

Dorrigan ripped several new holes in the ceiling looking at him. "And by what law of this disgusting realm can you claim such a thing?"

Squibbly held up a roll of ancient-looking parchment. "Why, he was promised to me," he (she? who cares) said. "Forty-six years ago, Gladys Brown offered me her firstborn grandchild when he came of age."

A silence fell over the room. 

Dad burst out laughing.