"Cthulhu. Cthulhu. Cthulhu!"

"Whaaaat!" The Great Old One opened his eyes and propped himself up by his tentacles. The smell of hot coffee invaded his nostrils.

"You're being summoned," his wife said. She offered him a mug. "On Earth. *Again.*"

"Oh, God damn it, what now?" Cthulhu took the mug and sipped.

"Alien invasion, I think," his wife said. "Get dressed. You're late already."

She left the room. Cthulhu sat staring at the wall, tired. He rubbed his eyes and sipped his drink again. "I'm too old for this shit."

He puffed his cheek, got up and went about putting on some clothes. "God damn Earthlings can't do anything themselves," he mumbled, as he got dressed. "Always Earth. Always."

He took the Earth portal to New York City and from there the subway toward the UN headquarters. Being a supernatural giant octopus-like creature with wings and an overall appearance tailor-made to strike fear in the heart of men, he rode the NY subway completely unnoticed, as usual.

He entered the building late, and before he could ask the front desk girl anything, she pointed him in the right 
direction.

"They're waiting," she said, in an impatient tone.

Cthulhu entered the room to a heavy silence. Every world leader was present, waiting for him. There was a dark 
mood in the air.

"All right, where are those aliens?" Cthulhu said, closing his suit button and making his way to the front of the 
room.

The world leaders gave him the rundown of the who, where and how of the aliens. Cthulhu listened, tired. Then he 
went into another room to change. He took off his work clothes and put on the extra tentacles, the glimmering red eyes. He stares at himself in the mirror. He looked old. Tired.

"All right, big guy. One more for the win."

He made his best scary-monster face to himself in the mirror. He tried growling, but wasn't feeling it. Growling was a young deity's game.

Then he went out and to the streets and off to scare away the aliens.

It didn't take much. He was old, but he still had it. The aliens were small and not that advanced, and they were scare shitless when they saw him. Cthulhu was so good at the scaring part now that he rarely had to do any actual killing. Mostly whoever he was fighting just fled in desperation at his sight.

Still, by the end of the day his back hurt like hell, and his feet were killing him.

"Too old," Cthulhu said, on his way back to tell the world leaders he was done. "Too old for this shit."

Back inside the UN building, everyone shook his tentacles and pat his back. The Secretary General gave him his check.

"Thank you again, Cthulhu. Couldn't have done it without you."

Cthulhu took the check and nodded. There was a city-wide 'we-survived-the-aliens' party going on in the streets of NY out the window.  Fireworks, celebrations, joy.

"We'd invite you to the festivities," the NY mayor started, careful, "but what with your terrifying appearance and all… you understand."

"It's okay," Cthulhu said. "I have to get home anyway."

Cthulhu walked unseen past the celebrating people on 7th avenue. He got on the subway to head back to the off-planet portal in silence, rubbing his back in pain.

Across from him sat a homeless man.

"Hey, aren't you that big scary monster that killed off the aliens earlier today?" the homeless man asked.

Cthulhu smiled sadly. "Yeah, that's me."

"Thanks, bro," the homeless man said. "You're the real deal."

Back home, Cthulhu kissed his wife and went into his room to take off his suit. Shirtless, he stared at himself in the mirror once again.

He looked wrinkled. Like an old yellowed map in an attic whose directions no one had any use for anymore.

"I'm more Old than Great these days," he said. "I need to quit this job."

"*Da-ddy.*"

Cthulhu turned around and made his way for the crib in the corner of the room. He stared down at Little Cthulhu Jr. The kid's tentacles, lifted up over his head, tried to reach for the mobile of Tortured Human Souls dangling above.

"*Da-ddy."*

Cthulhu kissed the baby on the forehead. 

"But not yet," he completed, and then went back to the kitchen to help with dinner.

_______________


/r/psycho_alpaca =)
