It is known that, out of all of the substances sought across the galaxy, adrenaline is one of the most illicit... and the most profitable.

Although its production is banned by the Galactic Alliance, its use is often an open secret within the armed forces of the galaxy.  The anger and unpredictability it produces are simply unmatched; when taken in the heat of battle, the enemy doesn't stand a chance.  It sharpens the senses, dulls the pain, and heightens the will to live into the unthinkable.  On barbarian worlds, warrior cults tie thorns drenched in the drug to themselves before entering the fray, screaming praises of their many gods as bloodlust consumes the mind.  Athletes inject it into the veins, risking disqualification and disgrace in hopes of gaining an edge.

And, on a growing number of worlds and stations, it naturally permeates the blood of one of the most dangerous species in the known universe: homo sapiens, "wise man".

Interestingly, in many of the cultures of the human race, stories of blood-sucking beasts and monsters permeate the mythos.  Chupacabras, vampires, et cetera; the stories abound, even when explanations are lacking.

Initially, these stories confused the emissaries of the Alliance during first contact.  While blood-sucking parasites did exist on the human homeworld, hemophages did not seem jarring enough of an evolutionary threat to appear in so many human mythologies.  However, closer inspection revealed a deep history of clandestine predation of the human race by off-world criminals.  Kidnappings, murders, gruesome tortures, and violations of the highest tenets of Alliance law, all in the name of extracting adrenaline from the blood of humans, took place under the radar of both the local governments and the Alliance lawkeepers.  Concerned for the continued safety of the newly-inducted human race, the Alliance informed human governments of the likely presence of dangerous intergalactic criminals in their midst.

Within a year, humanity had declared war on all of the galactic crime families.  Millions of human soldiers boarded Alliance troopships, projectile-throwers in hand, to find and destroy the organized criminals that had callously used their ancestors as simple livestock.  Clandestine adrenaline labs burned across the cosmos as mankind raged its way through the stars, fueled with a fury unseen in all of galactic history.  Unswayed, unafraid, and unstoppable, mankind succeeded where centuries of lawkeepers had failed.  In previous attempts, illicit adrenaline supplies had quickly rebounded shortly after even major busts; now, supply dropped to near nothing as lab after lab succumbed to unending waves of human warriors.  Billions of human clones were liberated from their existences as adrenaline factories, joining the forces of man as they embarked on their interstellar crusade. Criminal groups that had previously only been involved in small-time skirmishes with law enforcement now faced an army willing to sacrifice all in the name of revenge.  One by one, crime bosses went into hiding, but they never lasted long.  Dragged from unregistered asteroid bases screaming, mob bosses were tried as war criminals and executed in the hundreds.  In three short years, galactic adrenaline networks had faded, replaced with a void in the drug market that, it turns out, humans were happy to fill.

Now, almost all adrenaline on the market is sourced from human colonies.  Like much that occurs within the adrenaline trade, it is an open secret that humans disobey drug enforcement laws with impunity, producing adrenaline with industrial methods far more efficient that the organic harvesting utilized in the past.  Galactic courts know that humanity profits from the adrenaline trade, but what can they do?  Adrenaline production, synthetic and natural, has become a human's de facto birthright, and no court is brave enough to draw the ire of mankind, lest the rage of the human legions be turned against the Alliance. 

It is best, in the opinion of the author, that humanity be left to its own devices in this matter.  Better that we be entertained by human martial artists and athletes, protected by human soldiers, and policed by human officers than have to face the unstoppable rage of their forces.  For, although plasma bursts may incinerate the flesh of man, although nuclear bombs may incinerate their worlds, no weapon known to the civilized races will ever extinguish the flame of a human's vengeance.  As an ally, mankind is indispensable; we should not make the mistake of souring such as useful friendship.