I'm a lawyer. I argue for the rights and interests of my party and I'm damn good at it to. My clientele varys far more greatly than your average lawyer tho. From homeless people, kids, old retired farmers and even sometimes the seriously rich. That's because I'm a Wish Lawyer. I am part of a Elven branch that was created after the Fair Wish Pact of 1998. Basically, my clients hire me to make sure they get what they want from Faeries, Genies, Devils and Demons. Typically with as little offset as possible. You may be wondering why on earth would someone need a lawyer to officiate a wish granted by magical means? Well that's because the whole lot of wish givers are assholes. They will try to give my clients a shit deal so they can get a laugh. Wish for all the money you could ever want? Done, but you get jailed for life and never get to touch a cent. Want to be popular with the ladies? Deal, but it's only ladies older than 93 with no teeth. See my drift? I get my clients exactly what they want, without the setbacks. Or at least I try. 


Today I walked into the office for a short day. I hate a meeting at 4 with a few colleagues and was only stopping to look at this weeks work. Martha, the short halfling receptionist gave me a folder of 3 future client's, with their Wishes and the Wish Giver I'd be dealing with. Client one, Sampy O'donnell,  a 87 year old man from Dorset. He found a lamp in the dirt out back of his house during gardening season. It came with a real prick of a Genie named Rahl Al-dulaimi, he came from a gang of rouge Genies that tend to find a way to kill their Wish Reciever.  Mr. O'donnell wanted to be debt free, easy. He wanted to be happy for the rest of his life, tricky. This is where my work gets hard. Usually Rahl would agree, then grant O'donnell his last wish, leaving him happy…only for  a few moments before causing a accident that's ends his life. Technically finishing all 3 wishes. But it doesn't work like that when I get called. I tell Martha to schedule a sit down meeting with Rahl and O'donnell to discuss the issue in better detail. This could take a few months. I shut the folder and put it into my briefcase of holding and open the next folder. 

As I turn open the plain manilla folder, a rupture of hearts and pink smoke. Fucking great. A love faerie. Looks like Sara Murray, 23, wished upon a star to find her true love. These typically go easy and well for my clients, but I hate love faeries. Dates a few during law school and by the gods. They are so full of sunshine and rainbows after a few hours it makes you sick. Even me, a Hogh Elf cant stand being that happy for that long. This should be a short and sweet case with a happy ending. I slam the folder shut and toss it into a divider on my desk labelled "Behindhand". 

The next folder I grabbed looked horrible. Slightly burnt on the edges and smelling faintly of campfire and gunpowder. This was a devil, no doubt about it. I open the folder to see something I sadly deal with often. Joshua Tinley, 19, wished to end his life. A nearby devil probably heard the wish and  apperated into his room. These cases are tricky. According to  section 148, subsection 5, paragraph 8, states "wishes cannot be granted for the sole purpose of ending ones life". This doesn't stop lester devils from trying, they are bred to cause pain and suffering. But now this is a legal battle to help get Joshua help and to break this Wish Contract and basically get a high court order against the lesser demon named Smidge. Hopefully exterminating him or sending him to Amar'e, the Elvish Prison Of Love. Although is sounds cute and like fairytale, this is probably the worst outcome for a devil or demon. Love and happiness slowly kill them. Rendering them a pile of ashes. I shut the folder and out it carefully into my briefcase.

 I tell Martha to send a word out to the Custos Angelus, Guardian Angel's, to watch Joshua for the next couple days till we can get a meeting arranged and get him some help. I wish her a good evening and walk out the door. This week is gonna be tedious.
