It's been five years since I got the call. I would be a vile lie to say that I hadn't thought about that day when I delighted myself with a startling amount of speech disability. 

I had convinced myself that the opportunity will truly come to me. I didn't know how, but I sure hoped a strikingly beautiful goddess would come down from the burning stars of a cloudless sky, holding a golden clock in her seamless hands. Then, she would smile and humiliate the beauty of the cold winter night. Only to hand me the relic and fly back to realms beyond my mortal comprehension, leaving me to figure out what to do.

Reality was... different, to say the least. My phone rang, waking me up from my usual nap. One would think that whatever entity controlled these things would at least have some sort of decency towards the holiness of a well-earned nap. This one clearly didn't.

I cursed under my breath and fought my way out of the sheets. My head always hurt and span as if I were drunk when I woke up in these sort of rushes. The walls became enemies of my blurry sight, they were easy to avoid I must admit, but annoying nevertheless. Then, I reached my kitchen, my phone vibrating wildly like a horny wasp. I picked it up, holding the unholy words of a man who got his nap denied back.

"Hello?" I grunted.

"It's time. Clear your mind, you have thirty seconds," the voice of an old man said. It was wizened and rough around the edges.

"Time for what?" I said, dumbfounded.

"Hello?" I said, but it wasn't *me.* It was young me, I would recognize that high-pitched voice anywhere, it made my last five years in high school quite a torment.

At that very moment, many thoughts flooded my mind. I could've told myself that I would fail the third exam of math because I forgot my calculator. I could've told him that true friends are worth well more than a shady girl. I could've told him that everything in this last five years hadn't been so bad, but why would I ruin myself the thrill of discovering that?

Again, I could've told myself many things. But instead, in that bare second I had to think, pressured by the ticking of an invisible clock and the drowsiness of a obliterated nap, I settled with something I wasn't even certain of.

"Hello me, I'm you, but five years older. No, there's no goddess. But, we will live until our voice is tarnished by the traces of time, so that can't be so bad," I said, the words pouring out my mouth like furious rain. "Let's agree to enjoy our life the best we can, okay? Oh and you will talk to you in five years time. Bye." I hung up.

I don't know if whoever spoke to me before was myself from a distant future were they discovered some advanced technology to speak to the past, but I sure hope it was, because I'm skydiving in an hour or so. 