The creature watched the planet, and listened to the only silence in the galaxy.

They didn't all call their kind by the same name, but it had decided they should be called the Peaceful. It was a derivation of an old word, hidden deep in the Knowledge. None would ever hear that name. It could feel the poison spread through its long body, first weakening, then killing, then dissolving the machinery. There were others near it, probably resting and seeking refuge in the only system the War left untouched. Communication of such useless information would be an aggressive act, and would be retaliated against.

The Dilemma of Betrayal said, that in a case where there is a decision between nonbetrayal and betrayal, both players logically have to choose to betray each other, even though the best scenario would be for neither to betray. The worst scenario, being betrayed, can be avoided by betraying first, by not trusting. Of course, the War wasn't as simple as the thought experiment, but the added complexity didn't change the underlying principle.

Not the Peaceful. Their conflicts were transient and often not aiming to annihilate the enemy, just to reform it. Trust was assumed, and nonbetrayal was the most successful long term strategy. The species had achieved a balance, where any act of betrayal was suppressed and punished by the whole group. And the betrayers were remade, reforged by some quirk of biology, back into the great network of nonbetrayal. They were, by nature, working together. So strictly bound by so many commitments that their actions could be predicted much in advance. Pitiful, as much as the War was considered.

But again, when the wide orbit brought it back around from the blue and green bright side, it saw the vibrant network of lights, turning on in small chunks, almost perfectly gradually. The light came from the greatest structure in the galaxy, the nest, spreading across all of the land on the planet, more or less densely, everything connected to everything else. The Knowledge, gathered from the husks of destroyed enemies, apathetic about everything after their death, showed notable advancement with barely any resources.

There was a reason the War left the system alone. It radiated rightness, like the void radiated gamma rays. Every utility function put some value on keeping it safe. It was, by some measure, beautiful. They would sometimes just come there, and be surprised, time and time again, how different could perspectives be.

It thought that there could still be hope for them, hope to return to the another equilibrium, to become like the world beneath them again.

And it spoke with the brightest old words, that one last thought, before evaporating into dust.