I was 20 when it first happened. I still remember the exhilaration of it, the relief. I didn't see anything useful, she was sitting in the front row of some lecture and some university somewhere and I knew she didn't get anything useful from me because I had been at home studying for an upcoming midterm, but that didn't matter. She was out there and that’s all that mattered. I had read so many stories of people that lost their soulmate before they even shared a moment, and that idea had terrified me. It did not help that most people had their first before they turn 18. I’ve read stories of people getting them as late as 28 before but they were the exception. Most people that haven’t shared a moment by 25 never will. I feel sorry for those people, that they will never get to experience that intoxicating *feeling,* you see it’s not just sight that you get. You also feel their presence so to speak. It’s a kind of content joy that I’ve been chasing ever since.

 It has been just over 2 years since then and I still get just as excited for the moments as I was the first time. We haven’t shared as many as most people that have been searching for 2 years, only 7 so far. Most people get a moment ever month or so, but stress can mess with that. My father died a few weeks after my first moment from a brain aneurysm and those are hereditary, so I had to be checked as well. That was a rough time for me, I had to come home and take time off from my studies to help my mom with getting her affairs in order.

 It was another 8 months before we had another one and we’ve been averaging one every other month since then. I wish She could have met him, I just know they would have loved each other but alas that was never meant to be. Anyway, I’m getting off topic, so 7 moments in total, 8 including today's. I can remember every moment like it just happened. The classroom, the 3 times it happened when she was cooking, and let me say, she looks like one hell of a cook. That awkward time in the shower. That camping trip she took in the spring, that was one of the most beautiful sunset I’ve ever seen. The closest I’ve been to seeing anything useful was when she was driving on the freeway, that scared the crap out of me even though I knew her body would keep driving safely. 

As for what she seen through me I couldn’t tell you. Whatever I was doing before was completely forgotten after a moment, I mean, who could concentrate on that after getting a glimpse at your soulmate. But this time…this time was different. She was at work, staring at a computer, and that’s when I saw it. Her coworker, my best friend, walking up to her to ask some pointless question. I have never been so happy to see someone before in my life. When I came back to myself I was shaking from excitement. It was finally our time. I reach for my phone and pulled it out as fast as my trembling hands could and called him. I don’t know how long it took him to answer but it felt like an eternity to me, I was out of breath, sweating profusely. I was finally going to hear her voice, to meet her, to finally get to know her. When he answered I could barely get the words out.

“Your co-worker...she…she’s my soulmate!” I finally got out. I could hear the excitement in his voice as he talked to her.

Then she picked up the phone, “Hello…”