When they first came, we were transfixed. We knew nothing about them, while they knew so much about us. They were greeted with fear, and almost with aggression, before their purpose was clear.

They were sick. They were dying. And they had chosen to make first contact in Toronto, which took everyone by surprise.

Then it became clear. They had travelled across the galaxy, in search of aid, in search of help. They had observed countless systems, dozens of inhabited worlds, looking for one where they could seek help without fear of rebuke, or worse, assault. And from ours they found two words. Words that would change the balance of power forever. 

*Universal Healthcare*

Without context, they took this as the sign they were so desperately looking for. And they came. And the Canadian government stood, with the eyes of the world on them, together with a race that had lost hope in their own survival, and told the world "You are here, and we will help you." 

At first the world balked. Canada became a joke overnight. Pushovers, spineless, overeager to please, too polite. All the remarks that had dogged their culture turned up to 11. Meanwhile, the Canadian citizens simply wondered at how high the cost would be; not just for the treatment, but the price of they failed.

The system was explained to the aliens, how taxpayers funded the healthcare through payments from what they produced. The aliens understood this concept. And so, they contributed.

The first hybrid nuclear fusion plant opened in Canada only two months after that auspicious moment in front of the Canadian Parliament. All the nations power needs met under one roof, with excess to supply another 250% of energy usage each day. 

Within six months, alien medical technology was integrated into every Canadian hospital. Human physiology was complex, but the humdrum of medical treatment; the scrapes, the lacerations, the broken bones and common infections, all were understood. All were treatable. And all were automated. They saw this as the fastest way to treat their own ailments; freeing up physicians to study their own physiology and work on potential treatments.

Within a year, Canada had corned the market on precious elements; there was no shortage when you can create them on demand from a near limitless power supply, with alien technology. They were sold to bring in revenue, and hire foreign researchers to increase the workload on the alien disease.

Two years, three months. Prime Minister Trudeau, re-elected in a landslide, announced the cure had been isolated, and successfully distributed across the alien subjects available on Earth, and they had been provided with all the necessary details to produce as much as they needed.

And they left. With much applause, and celebration, and thanks, they left. And their parting gift appeared as their ship left orbit, right outside the Canadian Parliament building. A full repository of the aliens knowledge banks, translated into all Earth languages.

The war escalated quickly. Every country in the world wanted access to that knowledge. The Canadians refused. They had earned it, they said, they had worked, despite the fear and mistrust of others. They had a right to it others did not.

Sides formed quickly. The British and Australians supported Canada as fellow Commonwealth nations, in the belief that a positive relationship would be more beneficial than a combative one.

The Americans, the Chinese, the Russians, all disagreed. None of them wanted a piece of the pie, they all wanted to take it for themselves. America launched the first strike with a ground invasion of Canada. The response was swift, and soon Nuclear warheads filled the air.

And just as soon, they were stopped. They fell from the air, inert.

Soon, reports came in that the American forces in Canada had been cut off at the border, and had surrendered unconditionally.

And now, today, we wait. The barrier of opalescent white light across the border of Canada has dropped. And now, we await the Canadian response. All we can do is hope, and pray, that their charity extends farther than our own.

Edit: Prime Minister, how silly of me.