Part: 1

I sat still at a stone table, in nothing but my boxers. In fear but also amusement at the scene in front of me.

The bird winged man who dragged me through the portal was Mephistopheles, apparently to settle a bet with the the demon I front of me with bat wings.

"Alright, I got this one completely average and neutral, neither a holy man nor a heavy sinner." Said the honey laced voice of my kidnapper. I tried not to make a face at his statement. But honestly completely average?

"..." the other man just stared at me while the fires of hell burned behind him. While still staring at me he addressed the other demon. "Phil I appreciate what you are trying to do, but it won't work."

The newly nicknamed Phil just rolled his eyes and assessed me, "See this is why no one remember the great Beelzebub, he doesn't appreciate what mortals are capable of." Adjusting his supremely tailored suit making me feel even more naked.

'Slam'

With a hand upon the table he exclaimed loudly "Don't go giving out old names like they mean something! My name is Bobby and you will address me as such!" Flaming insects coming from his mouth and fire shooting from his eyes.

I slumped in my very uncomfortable stone chair, more of an awkward shaped boulder really. Half bemused at his name, and half shaking in absolute terror at the second hand man to Lucifer himself.

He collected himself and brushed off the ash on his also immaculate suit, the addressed me for the first time. "So you are the mortal that has been summoned to Hell to help settle an issue among titans. What say you?"

I didn't say anything at first, just uncomfortably shifting on my boulder. "Well umm, Mr. Lord of the Flies sir... I'm not quite sure what bet I'm settling."

"You didn't even tell him why he was here!" Once again Bobby was all fire and brimstone summoning the wrath of the underworld. Although Phil was supremely unimpressed as he started filing his French tipped nails.

Before he could answer a man so handsome it was literally inhuman appeared in a flash of fire. "Hey there you guys are, I've been- who is this?" This one didn't have any wings and was actually dressed in a red polo and slacks with some very nice Italian leather shoes. Phil inspecting the job on his nails replied.

"I grabbed the most neutral mortal on earth to settle our bet Lucy. But Bobby here is throwing a tantrum as usual."

"Ohh, well that's nice. I'll be on the lowest level if you need me." With another 'fwoosh' of fire he disappeared.

There was an awkward silence as Phil kept touching up his nails as the only real sound. Well besides the screaming of the tortured souls behind me, but I was trying to ignore those guys.

"So umm... if we're not getting to the bet can I have some pants at least?"

Edit: fixed a few misspelled words
2nd Edit" more fixes also added a part 2