"Hey hun, can you help me chop these-- ah!" Sarah cried out as the knife she was using to prepare dinner slipped out of her hands and launched itself straight at the other figure standing in the kitchen with her.

The knife had enough force so as to slice cleanly through the soft flesh of the front of his neck and stick out the other end.

The figure, Adam, sighed in mild annoyance as he reached up and pulled out the knife from where it was lodged in his throat. Upon removing the sharp object, the wound rapidly sealed itself until there wasn't even a mark left on his skin.

"Uhh... woops!" Sarah blushed and looked down guiltily. 

"Don't worry about it love." He cast a reassuring glance at his wife. "I'm used to it by now." He said, walking over to the sink and placing the bloody knife inside of it. "If you wouldn't mind, I'll chop the onions tonight if you wish to get started on the meat."

"Sure thing, dear." Sarah nodded at the idea and got to work, getting out the pan and the ground beef that they planned to use in their meal that night, leaving the tasks that involved sharp objects to her husband.

Soon, the sound of sizzling and the delicious aroma of beef in the process of being cooked entered the air.

"Mmm! Smells great Sarah, are you trying out some new seasoning?" Adam turned to his wife to ask.

"Actually, yes! When I was shopping online earlier, I saw a *fantastic* looking new taco seasoning recipe - you're gonna love it!" She exclaimed, before leaning over and pursing her lips, gazing at Adam expectantly. 

Adam took the cue as he leaned in and placed a small, loving kiss onto his wife's lips.

"I love you, AdAHHH!" Sarah cried out as the oil from the beef she was cooking caught on fire in the pan. Panicking, she accidentally slammed her hand down on the handle of the pan, causing it to fly up into the air of their kitchen.

"Oh, you have got to be-" Adam groaned out before being interrupted as a flaming pan full of scalding-hot oil and flames crashed down on his head.

Slowly, he proceeded to carefully grab the pan by the handle and pulled it off of him. Unfortunately, the damage to their meal had already been done, and the meat that had been cooking was now strewn across the linoleum floor. 

"Thank God I don't feel pain..." Adam muttered as he brought the still-on-fire pan over to the cupboard where they keep their food-related items, and grabbed the large box of baking soda that they kept on hand, pouring out the powdery substance all over the flaming pan in order to douse the flames.

"I'm *so* sorry..." Sarah said with a downcast look. "I just wanted to get through one dinner without ruining everything... but it looks like it's gonna have to be delivery again." She sighed.

"Don't worry Sarah, we can try again tomorrow, just like always. Want to get Chinese?" Adam said softly as he started to wipe up the mess on the floor.

Sarah nodded. "Chinese is fine with me, we haven't had it ever since I accidentally got your hand stuck in the blender." She murmured quietly as she started helping with the clean up. 

She silently vowed to herself once again that tomorrow **would** be the day that she finished preparing a meal without ruining it violently-- she wouldn't allow herself to make the same mistake that she'd made for the last 2,072 days since she'd finished a home-cooked meal for her family. But for now, she guessed she should probably call up the Chinese place with their standard order. 

