[OC] I didn’t mean to kill anyone or for that matter even want to be noticed, but as luck would have it here I am. The FBI looking for me and and my “friends” who are super heroes hunting me. 

I guess I’ll have to start somewhere to explain the chain of events. Call me lazy or uninterested but “super hero” is a no to much work to many eyes... (grimaces as a spider crawls across the table and slips beneath my flesh).. no puns intended. 

My super friends they think my sense of humor is more like that of a super villain because I like to play jokes on people and watch as they freak out. 

Right the spider don’t worry it’s me or rather I’m it or we’re both me. I know it’s complicated my “super” power swarms. Now before you get all excited and think “man with that power I could be everywhere” yeah you can forget it not that fun. Been there, done that. Boring after the third minute. As for “it’s” manifestation that was like a nightmare on steroids. 

So think of the worst date you could possibly be on and I’ve got you beat. Was on a date with my boss/girlfriend of three years... yeah quid pro quo was nice... anyways she was a gorgeous redhead, me I’m just some maintenance guy and not to much to look at, she was the one to get if there ever was any. 

Point is my curse/gift/super power/ability manifested on this date and no it wasn’t multiple me’s or puppies or even butterflies... remember the spider yeah it wasn’t even that if it had been she would have thought it cute, no it was maggots. I mean they came out of my eyes, nose, ears and mouth before... (swallows hard) my head exploded with maggots all over the place. 

Dinner ruined hell the restaurant was shut down because of unhygienic practices. She wouldn’t even talk to me after that. Still work for her though... she blanches every time someone brings up my name though. 

As for the person I killed.... ok the people I killed it’s complicated, there was “Dr. Hazmat” he had mucus coming out of every pore but was for some unfathomable reason #3 super villain. It might have had something to do with he could cause plaques but well he met me one evening.

 Hay I specifically told him I wasn’t in a particularly good mood and his antics wouldn’t do anything but make me mad. He tried to make me sick with a genetically engineered n1h1 virus that somehow made mold grow on it’s victims. This just pissed me off gave me a “little” fever. 

 I say little because a one degree up is a fever for me, now a days my temperature always stays optimal. Anyways he hurt me after I had told him to leave me alone. All I did was dump a few billion peacocks behind him. He literally died of fright when he saw them. 

 Done in by peacocks, I’m sure this would have been funny if it weren’t for the fact that it caught #2 super villain’s attention, after all he isn’t called the Boogie-man for no reason. Turns out he WAS a she and what makes it worse was how was I supposed to know she was allergic to the dust on butterfly wings. Like I’m not talking sniffles allergic, I’m talking like full blown anaphylactic shock. It probably didn’t help that I did about four dozen.... 

 Ok ok it was twenty-five trillion but in my defense they were the tiny ones you know the ones with only one color. Not helping my case am I. Well the point is I was two for two at this point. I mean at this point there are two bodies just hanging out on my front porch. You would think I would have no more problems but no “mister I’m #1 super villain” shows the hell up I’m trying to figure out what to do about the bodies and he is prattling on about how I’m like #2 now or some shiz. Point is I look him in the eyes ( his super villain name Blue Octo, I think he has watched to many marvel movies) and say I’m busy right now can we do this some other time, like I call, you don’t call me. 

 The dude just looks at me and says oh so you want to be #1 now you a little bitty maggot want to take my place. I don’t know what happened, but that was it I poured out maggots, cockroaches, wasps, scorpions, centipedes, millipedes, vampires, zombies, werewolves, and succubuses (thing is I didn’t know I could do fie or other people/ things of power). 

 I killed him. 

 Just out right ripped him apart. So you know how I can do swarms turns out powers come in swarms so.... that is why the FBI thinks I’m the next big super hero and well my “friends” who are super heroes think I’m the next big villain. 

And all I want to do is to get my girlfriend back and keep my quiet life using my power to make little models. When things snowball they really snowball. Oh does anyone know how to get a person to disappear without it being traced back to you because I might have just killed #4 super villain aka Shade. Yeah if you could help I’m at **** fie boulevard. Don’t tell my “friends” I’m back at my house, they already checked there and cleared it don’t want them to think I’ll actually come back to the place with my actual name on it. 

 Oh I guess I have to take a super name now y’all can call me Hive the Unrelenting Swarm. That sounds like a villain’s name I know but if you just took the time to see I was acting in self defense the whole time. Ok the die of fright was pretty hilarious and she looked pretty funny all puffed up with butterflies on her and well have you ever seen a pink mist it’s amazing. 

 Yeah I can see why my “friends” think I might be the next super villain but I promise it’s just I have a really bad sense of humor. Well I got to go the FBI are here and I don’t want them to see the willow wisp typing on the computer (and yes we have marvel and no we don’t do like the men in black).