Just minutes before my death, I was visited by one of the Council.

I wouldn’t say the Council hated me, mainly because hate wasn’t strong enough of a word.

“Aria.” The voice was soothing and familiar, “Please, whatever it is you are planning on doing, you must stop.”

I let out a long and dramatic sigh without turning to face him, “Aris, we are stuck on this world for an infinite amount of time. To lead an infinitely boring life would cause one to go crazy.”
 
“You are already crazy.” I spun around to find the eyes of my twin brother, a slight smirk tugging at the corner of his lips before his face and voice became serious. “The Council has been talking, Aria. They refuse to put up with any more of your antics, regardless of my relation to you.”
 
“My antics.” I scoffed. My brother sat at one of the seven thrones that made up the Council of Immortals, a position he has held since 1019. Of course, I used to sit beside him for nearly four centuries until I was discharged from office for unbecoming conduct. Apparently becoming a prominent French military heroine under a fake name was frowned upon according to our Code od Secrecy. In all honesty, I didn’t expect for it to become that big of a deal, I just wanted to stir up a bit of support for female leaders and defeat those stuck up Brits. I figured when I was burned at the stake that would be the end of Joan d’Arc, I didn’t expect to become a Roman Catholic Saint five hundred years later. 
 
“You have been given more leeway than any other of our kind. You know that.” He was trying to be stern with me, remind me of how things should be. “They are worried again that you are beginning to threaten our society.”

I audibly groaned, for while I may be coming up on my two thousand and sixty-fourth birthday, my physical body remained stuck at eighteen, and it was far to easy to lapse into a teenage mindset. “They are being absolutely ridiculous. A bunch of old fashioned geezers. Has anyone caught on to our world? Have I ever led the mortals to believe I am something more?”
 
I was more than careful. I may adore the fame, but I always waited at least a decade after one of my “deaths” before I returned, and I always did so with a new look; I knew all the best plastic surgeons.

Aris rolled his blue eyes and raked a hand through his hair, “You just don’t get it, do you? This is not 507, this is not 1378, hell this is not even 1922! This is 2018, Aria! We are surrounded by cameras and updated historical and personal records! You cannot just continuously disappear and create a new life every few years, especially not lives that are in the public eye! You can get a different face and a different name all you want but you are insane to think you will not be discovered if you continue on like this!”

I must admit, I hadn’t heard Aris raise his voice in a hundred years, it left me shocked almost to silence. I shook my head to clear it. “I have lived the lives of many women, Aris. I have been queens, movie stars, singers, scientists; I cannot simply fade into the background and spend eternity being a nobody.” It made me sad to think about. To not have the stimulus of crowds cheering for me, winning awards and making change, planning the most remarkable of deaths.

Aris’ eyes softened, “I’m not asking you to be a nobody, Aria. You’ve lived the lives of hundreds of women; every one but your own.”
 
I couldn’t speak. He took one last look around my hotel suite, toward the open balcony doors that overlooked a still bustling Dubai from over seventy floors up. He must have known my plan as soon as the paparazzi photos came filling in, showing actress Mia Townsend touching down in Dubai for a holiday getaway from the stress of celebrity life, staying in the world’s tallest hotel.

“I love you. But if you jump, they’re locking you in solitary.” He turned on his heel and walked swiftly out the door.
 
The blood in my veins turned ice cold. Solitary in our world was a very similar concept to the mortal’s version of solitary confinement in their prisons, except with a few additional punishments.
 
It was the only way to threaten and discipline our kind since we could not be killed. A stone cell buried deep underground. No visitors; no contact with the outside world; and since it wasn’t necessary for our survival, no food. Aris didn’t say how long they planned to keep me there, but no one stayed for any shorter than a century and some were sentenced there for the rest of existence.
 
My eyes flickered to the balcony. This was my favorite part of it all, the death. The dramatic and cinematic experience I made it, the millions of people mourning me, the near constant media coverage, the excitement of starting over. The fact that it allowed me to live out an ending I would never be able to achieve.

Could I risk all of this for solitary? Could I out run and evade the Council for rest of time? There was only one way to find out.

I stood up and walked toward the balcony.
