"It was the hardest thing I have ever done—my sister sobbed uncontrollably on the other end of the phone—leave her there, all by herself"

"I... I know..." it came out almost a whisper.

"No! No you don't know, you were NOT there because you 'can't take it' but apparently I can!—my sister railed in her grief—You won't even take a flight to talk to her! She begged me, you know? BEGGED ME not to leave her in the retirement house, she wanted to come back but how could I? She's not letting this thing with dad go!"

"I'm... sorry" I stumbled on my words trying to find them.

"Right! 'Sorry'; like it's so hard talking to her! You know what? Nevermind, you know where she is, you can visit her when you get your life together!".

Silence followed, before I could find the words I was looking for the call was over.

I kissed another bottle of Jack. Along with my deep sadness, I felt shame. My sister had taken care of her for a long time but mom's Alzheimer's was getting worse. The last straw was finding mom sitting in the drivers' seat; the car packed full for a trip right down to my house... it was alarming enough, but she froze when mom explained feverish that dad was inside, he had come back as young as he was, wearing the same clothes as when he left, holding the gallon of milk he went to buy. She insisted they were going on a trip to see me.

She didn't even unpack the car before bringing mom to the doctor, who suggested a home for people in her condition. She had two jobs and a kid so, as painful as it was, she finally gave in and agreed to bring mom there.

I couldn't possibly tell her now why I didn't go or talk to mom a couple days ago. I didn't have the courage to break the news to her yet that not a month ago, three different specialists had agreed on their diagnosis: I was doomed to early onset Alzheimer.

The clock on the wall said it was 4-something PM when a knock on my door erased my trail of thoughts. I splashed water in my face on the way and dryed it with my sleeve—something I didn't do since I was a kid. The door knocked again just as I reached and pulled it open.

My jaw must have hit the ground. Right there, on my doorstep, was my father: as young as he was and wearing the same clothes as when he left, holding the gallon of milk he went to buy.