It's 2028 and I was aboard the spaceship that's about to set off to Mars. Unfortunately I'm dead and so were the other couple hundred of folks around here.No, the space agency wasn't sending our bodies to the outer space (even though having my dead body sent to outer space would have been a proffered good-bye ceremony of mine). Actually - we were all ghosts with the exception of the 5 astronauts manning this mission.

I would have never believed this myself but it turns out that once you die, you turn into a ghost. Yup, I'm not kidding - just like in the pop culture, books or any other media - as a ghost you can see everything just as before: your friends, family and even the guy that shot you; you can also fly around, go right through walls and pretty much teleport around the whole wide world.   
The only big exception is that you can't touch a thing - nothing at all. You can't move the chair from beneath someone's behind as they're about to sit down -as you would see being done in the old ghost movies. Nothing - no interaction with the living world at all.   
That's why it's so empty here, usually people stay a day or two to see their loved ones one last time or some other sentimental nonsense, but in the end, the temptation of knowing what's on the other side overcomes everyone. 

First manned mission to Mars attracted all kinds of people, or, I guess, ghosts now. From simple folk, who just wanted to witness a historic event, to most famous scientist, explorers and intellectuals. However very few of the enormous audience have stayed past launch. In reality no one knew whether it's possible to transcend, to the other-world or whatever was there, if you're not on earth and taking such risk, a risk of not transcending when everything was so close to being revealed now and you could feel the call with all of your remaining essence, was complete and utter madness.

Well I took that chance and so did few hundred other ghosts that stayed on board past thermosphere. I'm sure everyone had their reasons for this risk but mine was simple - to cross the last thing on my "Things To See Before I Die" list that I've wrote up when I was barely 12. Sure, you could call me out for cheating, but this was the last thing on my list and I'm certain the 12 year old me wouldn't mind, I think he would even find it pretty damn cool. 

Despite few thousand souls leaving after launch, the spaceship was still crowded like a can of sardines and any form of meaningful discussion or a debate would have been nothing but a pointless exercise. So folks just floated there in silence, dropping a remark once something remotely interesting happened, like an engine stutter or the astronauts ringing up the base station.   

I myself, stayed further away in a silent corner where the events terminal was sitting. Reading through the endless stream of messages spewed by the ship made me even more connected with the expedition and I could not help but start dreaming of Mars and all of it's peach-like dunes, that I'd see myself, with my ghostly eyes. All of the nooks and crevices I could explore and maybe even martian ghosts are there! After the last though I could barely hold my excitement but I didn't have to for long, since few seconds later the terminal started flashing red, alarms went off and the ship exploded in an unforgiving, disappointing fashion. Sure, the explosion was beautiful, one of the perks of being a ghost was an ability to admire dangerous environments up close, but it didn't make the 10 month wait for another attempt at this any more easier.  

The year is late 2028 and I'm aboard the second human mission to Mars with hundreds of ghosts of scientists, explorers and intellectuals. This time however, we have 5 new ghosts joining us who have assured me that the trip this time will surely be a success!



