I still remember the first time I saw her. 

I was living out my normal life, like I had been for the last hundreds of years. 

The year was 1992, and I was living in California at the time. Spending most of my days at the beach, people watching and swimming. That’s when I saw her. 

I had seen so many people in my “lifetime” and none of them stood out to me, but she was different. 

She had long blonde hair, tan skin that almost seemed to glow in the sunshine. 

There was something different about her. 

I began to wonder if she was from another country. Her clothes didn’t seem to fit into this era. Actually, I hadn’t seen a style like hers in all of my centuries of living. 

I watched her for a while, contemplating. 

She was wearing a full piece, black bathing suit. The top came all the way up to her neck, almost resembling a sweater. It had quarter sleeves and the bottom came down into mid thigh shorts.

From the skin that was left uncovered she had strange looking tattoos, almost like a circuit board. 

She walked along the beach and played in the water by herself, she seemed to be trying to savor the moment. Maybe even looking for something. 

A man approached me, temporarily averting my attention. When I finally got him to leave me alone she was gone.

I spent a while searching for her but finally gave up and returned to my home.

I thought about her often for the next nine years. Something about her had stuck in my mind. I tried to brush it off, reminding myself that I would long outlive her.

The next time I saw her was the day of the terrorist attacks on the twin towers. 

I had been living in New York for five years, after finally growing tired of California. The style had changed and I now took to wearing high heels, tight jeans, and tank tops underneath a denim jacket.

The day the attacks began I was sitting in a coffee shop in lower Manhattan. I had a view of the towers from my little table outside. 

It was a beautiful morning, the sun was shining with hardly a cloud in the sky. Which brought people into the city to enjoy the warmth. I was sipping an iced coffee, people watching as normal when a tall blonde caught my eye. 

She was staring directly at the twin towers, looking a little saddened. 

My heart skipped a beat when I realized I recognized her. How she had managed to pop into my life again was a wonder to me. 

I realized she was crying and I called out to her, I couldn’t let her get away without meeting her this time. 

She turned and looked at me, I waved her over to me. She looked a little surprised but walked over anyway. She was wearing a full body suit, it was skin tight and black, I noticed the tattoos on her hands. 

I asked her why she was crying after she took a seat next to me. 

“Watch.” she said pointing to the towers. 

And I did. Just as the first plane came crashing into the north tower. 

I stood up and screamed, and soon the whole town was in chaos. 

I looked around for her but she had vanished. 

Even though it’s been a long time since the tragedy, the day is still burned into my mind. 

It still surprises me that people can be so evil, even after centuries of living. Ever since that day in 2001 I’ve thought about her. 

How did she know what was about to happen?

She was on my mind every single day. Some days I would think I had caught a glimpse of her, and would follow, but to no avail. 

I lived in New York for quite some time after that but eventually grew bored and ventured south, missing a time when I used to work on farms with my family. 

I bought a house and settled in a small town in Georgia. It had been a long time since I had owned animals. Growing attached would always hurt me in the end. Watching my pets die wasn’t something I would ever get used to. 

I decided to build a farm, raising cattle, and crops. I especially loved my peach trees. 

I had been living and working on my small farm for two years, people would come and go, buying things from me. 

One day there was a knock on my door. 

Thinking it was a customer I opened up and was stricken when I looked into the face of the tall blonde. She looked exactly as she did fifteen years ago. Of course I did also. 

“I know about you.” She said to me stepping inside. 

I closed the door and watched her sit on my sofa. 

“I thought I was the only one.” I replied. 

“To my knowledge, you are. I’ve been watching you for a while.” She smiled at me. 

“Watching me?” I thought I had been the one watching her. Maybe running into her wasn’t such a coincidence after all. 

“I first noticed you in 1859. Before you knew what you were. You’re family and friends always commented on how young you always looked. Even when you were supposed to be in your forties, you still looked as if you stopped aging in your mid twenties. You had to run away when your mother died, because you were suspected of being a witch.” She said all of this matter of factly, her eyes never moved from my face.

“I didn’t ask for this.” I paused. “What does that make you? If you aren’t like me.”

“There are many like me. You will see the day when traveling through the dimensions is possible. You will see me again, I can see how lonely you are.” With that, she got up and left. Leaving me with millions of questions. 

Several more years pass and she visits me again. I’m still living in Georgia but it’s almost time for me to go again. 

I tell her that I am going to Michigan. 

Years go by and I take up a life in Detroit. She visits me often, and becomes a dear friend. It’s not until I’ve known her for sixteen years when I realize I’ve slowly been falling in love with her. 

Before I knew I would never die, I had dated men and even planned on getting married. I could never marry a mortal man though, or even have a friend. I did have flings with men and women throughout the years. Always leaving them without an explanation. 

But no one had ever been as permanent as her. 

She would come around when I least expected her. Sometimes I would be in the middle of cooking dinner, sometimes reading a book. 

She never stayed long. Maybe not even ever a full hour. Sometimes she would come and not say anything. Just simply sit and accompany me. 

“I’m in love with you.” I say to her, not taking my eyes off of the page of my magazine. 

We are sitting in a small restaurant, she had come out of seemingly nowhere and sat across from me. 

“You are?” She doesn’t sound surprised. 

I smiled and look up at her, “You already knew this didn’t you.” 

“Nothing is a surprise to me anymore.” She smiles back at me. 

That was forty five years ago. That moment began our four and a half decade long affair. 

She visited me more often during this time and stayed longer, but never more than a couple of hours. These were some of the happiest years of my existence. 

Today would be the end of my short lived happiness. 

During the years I have moved many places, asking my lover which cities she liked the best and setting in for a few years. She directed me to a large city in Oregon, where I now reside. 

I’m sitting reading my favorite book for the thousandth time when she appears next to me suddenly. 

“Hello there.” I say as she kisses my cheek. 

She doesn’t respond, and I put down my book.

“Something wrong?” I ask, looking into her worried face. 

“Today is my birthday.” Her voice is almost a whisper. 

“Well, happy birthday.” I laugh and pat her hand. Birthdays didn’t mean much to me. I couldn’t even remember what my birthday was anymore. 

She begins to cry and I comfort her as much as I can. 

“We will no longer be able to see one another.” She gently grabs my face with both hands and kisses me. 

I sit for a moment letting the news sink in. I had grown used to disappointment but this was something I wasn’t expecting. 

“Come with me.” She says taking my hand. 

We drive to a big hospital in the center of town. The world had become so advanced, many people only used hospitals to get surgery or to die. 

She leads me inside and to a wing of the hospital labeled “new mothers” I’m thoroughly confused and look at her. 

“Today is my birthday.” She repeats. 

I think for and minute and a cold realization washes over me. Her birthday. 

“From this point forward, I won’t remember you.” Tears fall down her face and she wraps her arms around me. 

I’m still a little confused but she explains to me that as soon as her mother gives birth she will not be able to travel in time anymore. Not until her body reaches the age that she’s currently in. Time is a loop for most people, you live and die. But since I never die, my time line keeps moving in one direction, never ceasing until the end of time. 

The moment of her birth is like her living another life, since she is mortal. She will be able to travel in time again when the time is right but her new body will have no memory of me. 

We watch as her mother comes into the hospital, in pain with labor. 

She gives me one final kiss. 

“We will meet again. Just in another timeline. I love you.” And with that she’s gone. 

I sit in the waiting room for a while longer then get up to ask the receptionist where I can view the newborns. 

“My sister just gave birth.” I say. 

She leads me to a big window, pointing out the newest baby girl.

She already has a head full of blonde hair. My heart aches and tears fall down my cheeks. 

I stand there for a while, watching her kick her new legs, and testing out her new arms. 

I leave the hospital and return home, where I pack my things and leave the city. 

I live twenty six more years, I watch the world change. I watch as scientists discover time travel. 

My heart aches every day. 

I had decided to move back to California, laying out on the beaches and remembering the first day I had met her. 

I’m laying out in the sun, people watching as normal, when something grabs my attention. 

Something I hadn’t seen in a long time. 

A tall, blonde woman. 

She’s staring directly at me.

It’s her. 