The alarm sounded throughout Langley Air Force base, it was Thaksgiving day, no training exercises were to be done until Monday. Major Muller hastily put on his flight suit and exclaimed "What the hell is going on? There's no training scheduled for today, its Thanksgiving damn it!"

His wingman, 1st Lieutenant Carter replied with the same annoyed tone as his superior.

"No fucking idea, my parents are visiting and I haven't seen them in months, can't fucking believe I might miss dinner with them because some radar grunt got panicky. Probably another retiree Cessna pilot that got lost."

"Well, there's something going on, they're deploying every fighter on this base." Muller replied.

As the two pilots walked down the hallway, two other fully equipped pilots joined them Captain Baynes and 1st Lieutenant Rodriguez.

"Sir, any idea what's going on?" Inquired Baynes.

An annoyed Muller replied. "Nope, lets just get this over with."

The four pilots got to their planes and began taxiing to the runway with various other flights joining their formation. Muller was flight lead for four other Raptors "Zulu Flight." 

Zulu Flight was flying one of the Air Force's deadliest fighter jets, the F-22 Raptor. The four planes were equipped with six long range AIM-120D missiles and two short range infrared AIM-9X missiles along with a 20 mm cannon. All of which were seldom used outside of training. Zulu Flight had never even used their air to air arsenal in combat. Their only combat experience with the Raptor was dropping guided munitions on ISIS positions in Syria. Hardly a mission that required a 120 million dollar fighter jet that could shoot down an enemy plane from 100 miles away and stay undetected on radar.

Muller heard a crackle over his headset "Zulu flight you are cleared for takeoff."

The Raptors barreled down the runway as they were issued commands on the situation from the squadron commander. 

"Hostile alien forces landing throughout the country. We are at war. I think."

Muller replied "What do you mean I think?"

The squadron commander replied "I'm not sure what to say, they're advanced that's for damn sure, but we just got reports that some of them are surrendering to Seattle police."

Muller was surprised, how could an alien race capable of long range space travel be defeated by trigger happy cops? 

"26 Bandits! 70 clicks north!" Yelled Rodriguez.

The pilots immediately readied their AIM-120 missiles at the alien spacecraft. They were slow moving and didn't even appear to be flying in formation, the 26 spacecraft were scattered about.

Muller yelled into his headset. "Fire at will!"

The Raptors fired a volley of their long range armament, then another, and another. The missiles were making contact and the spacecraft were crashing into the ground. Only three were left flying. Zulu Flight were readying another volley as they received a radio transmission.

"All fighters, cease fire! I repeat. Cease fire! Cease fire and immediately return to base"

Zulu Flight heeded the order and returned to base. As the flight landed the ground crew were celebrating. The pilots exited their aircraft, bewildered by the shortest aerial war fought in US Air Force history. The pilots went to the locker and dressed out of their combat gear. The pilots of Zulu Flight knew of Air Force combat history and the exploits of fighter pilots in history. They did not feel they were part of that storied hall of fame of despite emerging as the decisive victors in their first air combat. Zulu Flight's mission was the first and last air to air combat the pilots of Zulu Flight would ever encounter, and the last air to air combat a human Air Force pilot would encounter in atmospheric conditions. 

Humanity's shortest war was finished. The surrendering aliens were barely armed. Their only weapons were no stronger than an AK-47 assault rifle and were barely accurate past handgun range. The hostile spacecraft were simply unarmed transport ships with dignitaries. The aliens never even had an armed vehicle to begin with.

Then came the name of the civilization, the Corocons. The Corocons had achieved faster than light travel a millennia ago. Their weapons were primitive as the Corocons had never been in war, their weapons were only to defend from hostile wildlife that they encountered on their colonies. They only fired defensively when a panicked North Korean soldier stationed at the DMZ fired his rifle at a Corocon surveyor. The Corocon surveying team then issued warnings of "hostile wildlife" causing the Corocons to ready their weapons. Causing more panicked soldiers, policemen, and other armed humans to fire upon them.

The Corocons never encountered a foreign alien race in their millennia of space travel, the Corocon Monarch was on the mothership, her species excited to finally make contact with another intelligent being. The Corocons, came in peace.

The most advanced threat Humanity faced was now conquered as the Corocon Monarch immediately surrendered. Humanity now had access to Corocon space technology, along with their knowledge of weaponry, that was now accelerated by the newfound technologies pioneered by the Corocons.

Okay no idea how that is. That was my first story that I've posted here. Let me know how it is and how I should improve it.