When I closed my eyes and stood at the top of the cliff, nothing to hear but the crashing of the waves and the whistle of the wind, words touched my ears. Impossibly quiet words, more believed than heard, but words nonetheless. Warm words.

I often dreamt about standing there, too. Then, I woke up and had to face reality. A darkness filled my room, while light bled around the edge of the curtains, guiding me to the windows as I took my first, disorientated steps. Flinging open the curtains, the early light blinded me for a long moment. My eyes soon adjusted. The streets looked the same as they always did, all grime and dirt.

I dragged myself to the shower, that sight leaving a lingering feeling of being unclean, rubbing my hands raw under the stream of hot water—never quite clean enough. Then, I went about making breakfast. I cracked eggs into a sizzling pan and threw away the shells. The spitting oil got under my skin, though, keeping me busy wiping the stains as they landed on the stovetop. Eating, I leaned over my plate so the crumbs didn’t go everywhere.

My morning routine finished, I slipped on shoes and a coat and out the door, a thunk as it shut. On the streets, I kept my hands in my pockets and head down. But, as much as I tried not to, my eyes always met the beggars’, reluctantly taking out a couple of coins for them. Never had change for the bus, so I always walked past them, so I gave away the little change I had—a vicious cycle.

The church loomed. Set in a mostly residential area, it cut into the sky, easily spotted from blocks away. From some kind of Gothic era, the decoration was crude, all lines jutting out and ornate tops of tiny towers that just looked blocky. As a whole, I’d never thought of it as anything but ugly. Sleek was better. I wouldn’t have minded going to a simple church, a hall with a cross.

Inside, the priest was wiping down the pews, the doors open as they always were; even in night-time storms, they stayed ajar. My footsteps quiet on the carpeting, I walked up behind him without making a sound. Yet, his hand stopped moving and he pushed himself to his full height, as short as that was.

“Terry, it’s good to see you,” he said, before he even turned around.

“You too, father.”

The robes he wore were pockmarked with stitches, black thread shining when the light caught it, and the collar had a scratch. Despite his age, and all that came with it, he had a kind of energy to his voice and posture. The grey hair might well have been dyed.

He didn’t hold out his hand, but I reached over and took the cloth from him. Without a word, I picked up where he had left off, wiping away whatever dirt had settled in the last week. His presence, his gaze watched over me as I did.

In the time that I worked, a few other people had come and gone for a brief chat with him. No one ever spoke to me. If ours eyes met, they looked away with a nervous smile and that was it. I probably preferred it that way. Still, it hurt in some wordless way. No matter what I did, I would always be looked at the same. In that way, I could never change, no matter how much I tried.

Finishing the last pew, I stood up and caught the little breath I’d lost. For me, it was quite far down to clean, so my back and legs got a good workout from the mix of squatting and leaning. The sweat itched, though.

“Here,” he said, offering me a fresh towel, damp.

“Thank you, father.”

I wiped my face and hands first, and then what of my arms I could reach, pushing the sleeve up to my shoulder. Making sure my shirt stayed down, I went over my abdomen. Folding the towel and cloth together, I gave both back to him, bowing my head.

“You know, Terry, I have yet to hear why you come here,” he said, not as a question, but a statement. He always talked like that.

“I haven’t said, father.”

He nodded his head, idly walking over to the far side of the church, where he put down the dirtied towel and cloth. Then, he walked back to take a seat on the pew next to me. He gestured for me to do the same, so I did, sitting beside him. “Would it relate to the death of a young man.” Again, he stated it, no intonation.

I licked my lips, a sudden nervousness as I felt so transparent—like he had known everything all along. But, if he did know and still let me be there, that itself was a reassuring thought. Stuck between the two, I gave. “Yeah. How d’you know?”

“At the burial, you watched over from the street.”

Scratching the back of my head, I nodded. “Ah, yeah. I did.”

“Were you friends?”

This time, I heard the question and turned to him. Yet, he looked forward, his eyes on the stained glass window high above the lectern. “I dunno. Maybe, maybe not.”

“Well, were you on good terms?”

I smiled more out of futility than anything, that question something I couldn’t have ever answered, never a straight answer coming from him. “I can’t say, father.”

“Then, do you remember him fondly?”

I almost laughed. “It’s more complicated than that, father.”

“I see,” he said, and I believed him for some reason. Someone who had to understand the relationship between Jesus and Judas probably could understand that things weren’t always simple. Breaking the short silence, he said, “I’m all ears, except for the parts of me that aren’t.”

His jokes never made me laugh, but they brought a smile to my face and settled what thoughts I had. “Do you believe in angels?” I asked.

“Of course.”

I swallowed the fear of rejection that clogged my throat. “He speaks to me. But, I can’t hear him.”

“An angel?”

“The man who died.”

He nodded, but his mouth thinned. “Angels are not those who have passed on, though. There is no mechanism for the dead to speak to us, only for us to give them our support.”

“Then, I’m just crazy, but I hear him.”

“What does he say?”

I balled up my hands, squeezing my thumbs. “Well, it’s not that I can listen to his words, but I can almost hear them. And, they stop when I tidy up and clean, and when I give money to the beggars, and when I’m here.”

“Isn’t that simply your conscience?”

“Would my conscience tell me to go to the cliff?”

After a second passed, he said, “Sorry, I’m not sure what relevance the cliff has to this.”

“That’s where I—” I said, stopping myself. Rubbing my face, I calmed myself. “That’s where he died.”

“I see,” he said, and I imagined he saw what I had almost said, too. That only became more real when he asked, “Is that, too, not your conscience speaking?”

Though he hadn’t said it, I knew he meant the guilt I felt.

“In death, he is free of sin and vice. There is no need for him to ask you to return to such a painful place,” he said.

“What if I do need to? What if I have to?”

“It is Christ who has taken all suffering unto himself, not you. All that is asked of you is to repent. And, to forgive yourself. You too are God’s child, loved in spite of your flaws,” he said.

Even though I believed what he said with all my heart, I still knew he was wrong. “Can you perform an exorcism on me anyway?”

He laughed, a quiet, dry chuckle. “I am afraid the church has moved on from the unfounded belief in demonic possession.”

“But not angels,” I said without thinking.

His expression didn’t darken, though. “Indeed. They are spoken of in the Bible, and so we believe. Demons, on the other hand, are an illness of the heart, which is cleansed through a belief in Christ and his values.”

While a little interesting, I didn’t want the conversation to keep going like that. “Anyway, if it’s him, or if it’s my conscience, how do I stop it?”

“I don’t think a person can truly silence their conscience, outside of those ill in the head. However, you may find that it merely wants to say something and, if you listen closely, then it will be satisfied.”

“Well, how do I do that? I’ve tried, but it’s too quiet.”

“You said it wants you to go to the cliff. Have you?”

I shook my head, not counting the times in my dreams. “No, father, not since….”

He closed his eyes. “Then, that is perhaps the place. At the least, it is somewhere peaceful, which may help calm your turbulent heart.”

“Yes, father.”

A smile, subtle and small, settled on him. “I hope you find your peace. I truly do,” he softly said.

“Thank you, father.”

With nothing more said by him, I stood up and walked out of the church, into the quiet town. Then, I made my way to the outskirts and beyond, to the beach and walked along it, climbing the slope until I reached the summit.

Memories flooded me, so real I felt unsteady, my vision flickering between reality and the images in my head. Step by step, I staggered forwards. Nauseous and cold, a harsh shiver coming over me, I didn’t know how far I could go, how long I could keep going. But, I did. I pushed myself all the way to the railing that haunted my nightmares, new and shiny compared to when I’d last seen it. Too much, I needed to take a minute to calm myself down.

When I closed my eyes, stood at the top of the cliff, with nothing to hear but the crashing of the waves and the whistle of the wind, words touched my ears. Impossibly quiet words, more believed than heard, but words nonetheless. Warm words.

My hands felt the chill of the wind, wet, slick. Bloodied hands. His face stared up at me, words on his lips that I couldn’t hear, roaring wind blowing them away, waves crashing. Yet, I could hear them, now. I squeezed his hands tight as I could, stomach sinking as they slipped through.

“It’s okay.”

I blinked, the sight already fading away, the metallic taste and smell with it, no sound of a storm.

“It’s okay,” I said to myself, desperate to hear those words again, to remember them, to never forget them. “It’s okay.”