I love it when the oil refinery is running smoothly.  It's so hot in southwest Louisiana, so I'd rather monitor things from inside the air conditioned control room instead of dealing with problems outside all night.  One downside is that it makes a 12 hour night seem like an eternity. Quarter till midnight, and I'm already struggling to stay awake. Reddit and Clash of Clans can only keep you awake for so long.  I lose the battle with sleep, resulting in feeling my body fall backwards and crash onto the ground.  "Jesus, i flipped my fucking chair over", i thought to myself as i open my eyes and hope my coworker didn't notice...but it is dark, and I'm outside laying in a field of tall grass. I see a billion stars in the sky that I've never noticed before as i look around and try to establish my bearings. I reach into the chest pocket of my coveralls to grab my phone, but it isn't there. I check all my other pockets, and they are empty as well. I sit up and look around, feeling very confused.  No street lights, no streets.  No sounds of motors.  What the hell is going on. But i do hear a familiar buzzing sound...mosquitoes. Damn, a bunch of mosquitoes. My coveralls provide protection everywhere except my hands and head. I stand up and swat them away best as i can.  I have no sense of direction. I see the moon, but i don't remember if that can help me identify direction. All i see is tall grass and weeds.  I realize how much I'm sweating now. I recall how important water is in a situation like this.  I try to cope with the reality that reading that last Reddit post has sent me back to another time.  If it's true, then i know the river is to the east, less than a quarter mile. I feel i should conserve my energy, and prevent myself from getting lost. I will stay put until morning then go east towards the sun, and rehydrate myself. I don't get much sleep. The mosquitoes and heat have no mercy. I spend most of the night keeping mosquitoes from biting my head. The first ray of sunlight makes the clouds glow. I get up and walk briskly towards the east. Sure enough the river is close by. It was hard to believe that such a polluted river is now clear as glass.  I scooped the water up and slurped it from my hands the best i could. The sun had lit up the sky and land more, and i could see better.  I could see 3 canoes floating south towards my location. Holy fuck it's Indians, i mean native Americans. I'm not sure if they saw me yet. Do i lay down and hide on the bank of the river, or slip into the water, or run?  I'm too terrified to run. I lay on the muddy bank, wishing i was still in the middle of the grassy field.  My blue coveralls didn't provide any camouflage, they saw me plain as day.  I don't know how to communicate that I'm a peaceful white boy. Do i bow, or put my hands up, or just cry. The choice was made for me after one of the 3 natives launched his spear at me. It stuck into my lower back, between some ribs, or maybe straight through one of my ribs. I cry and piss myself as i feel an unimaginable pain from my head, as one begins to scalp me. I scream and convulse in pure agony as one of them repeatedly strike my throat with his stone hatchet until I bleed out and lose consciousness. 