Man counting is boring. 

It’s been 12,000 years, 10 months, 2 days and 12 seconds. 13. 14. 15. You get it. 

I probably deserve this. After all, all those souls didn’t ask to be taken, but then there were so many of them, how could I resist? I thought no one would notice, considering that there seems to be no end to the numbers of humans around. 
Who would notice that a few million had gone away?

They were delicious, I gotta say. Have you ever had a soul? Kinda fruity, most of them. A hint of pineapple in one, mango in another, but there were some sour pears in there too. Most likely the murderers and rapists. 


All those distinct flavours, gone forever. Man humans are pesky. With every layer I broke a new one was always there. And the noise, it never stops. Always building newer and newer layers, getting tougher, harder, stronger.  This cube of entrapment is an infinite Russian nesting doll, with me at the centre.

I gave up breaking the layers after 3000 years, give or take, but that grinding, chipping noise never ends. They just won’t stop building. Makes sense, considering they covered their planet in towers of steel and made their way onto mine.
Fools. No one messes with my stuff, my people, my home. I guess a thousand years worth of supplies and food wasn’t enough for them, was it? They tore through it in two hundred years like the greedy parasites they are. Bunch of basta-

...

It stopped. The noise stopped. Centuries of the grinding convulsions of their dastardly machines and it stops just like that?

Was it a plague? Deadly neurotoxin? Did their silicone slaves finally turn against them?  Or did the centuries finally wear their minds of the thing that lurks at the centre of their cube? Have they forgotten I am here? Was there a revolution? Mutiny?

Oh no matter. They’ve stopped building. 

The infinite cycle is broken. 

I can get out.

I start digging, smashing through layer after layer faster than ever. It might take months, years, decades even. But I don’t care. This is exciting! Finally something changed!

A smile creeps across my face. I’m getting close to the outside.

 And when I do escape, I can finally taste it again.

That slightly fruity flavour. Their souls.

And after all this time, I’ve certainly worked up an appetite.
