Arasmel flipped a gold coin into the air. On one side, a pitchfork, and on the other side, The Boss’s iconic horned silhouette. The piece spun rapidly before vanishing from sight, carrying his message to the Committee of Worldly Chaos. The Committee had the authority to rescue him from the monotonous desk job he faced day after day after -

The copper goblet before him swirled with a silver liquid. Another summons, just when he thought he would have a break. The goblet glowed orange with heat and its contents bubbled. Arasmel took it in his hand. He smelled the acrid stench of burning metal, but felt nothing.

The world of the living seemed to grow increasingly warmer with each passing year. One day it might even rival the fires of Hell. Arasmel didn’t mind - he hated wearing sweaters. The goblet had left him in front of an unassuming apartment block. He stuck his tongue out, tasting the air. Definitely London. The bitterness stung his mouth; they must have finally done away with horses. Thank goodness, the beasts were too skittish in his presence. As a Lower Demon, his job was to leave ripples, not tidal waves, and making a local legend of himself by causing a stampede was discouraged. Of course, small-time work had its disadvantages; no one ever talked about Arasmel, it was all ‘Lilith’ , ‘Azazel’, or ‘Abbadon’.

He sniffed. The summoner appeared to be on the third floor, fourth window from the left. Unfurling his wings, he launched himself upward, landing neatly on the window sill. No salt. Some humans thought they were cleverer than a demon with a thousand summers behind him. The casualty rate at Hell Inc’s Call Center was about 15%, with holy water and salt-related attacks accounting for the bulk of the injuries. It kept the Custodial Team busy, all those puny humans picking fights they had no hope of winning. Humans are simple creatures, really, never learning from their mistakes.

Arasmel stepped through the window into a small, dimly lit bedroom. A pentagram of candles flickered on the floor, and at its center, a boy, approximately 8 years of age. A mere newborn by immortal reckoning. The boy’s eyes were fully dilated, and their black pupils reflected Arasmel’s form - seven feet in height, humanoid, with dark gray scales and gold-streaked irises. It was no wonder that most human myths of dragons originated from a demon encounter. But this boy met his gaze without flinching. Arasmel broke eye contact first, “The ritual specifies a human adult. This is impossible, you shouldn’t have been able to summon me. Did someone else place the Call for you? The texts are very explicit that substitutes are not permitted.”

The child extended his hands. Fresh burns in the imprint of scales covered his upturned palms. “The pact has been made. The Contract is mine.” His voice shook. It wasn’t quite fear, but-

Sadness.

Whatever it was, it was painful enough that he’d sold his soul to fix it.

Arasmel sighed, “What do you want, kid?”

“My name is Ethan, and I need you to kill someone for me.”

In another room, a door slammed. Ethan flinched. “He can’t find you here. You need to go.” He waved Arasmel away.

Arasmel needed to get back to headquarters and consult his manager about this. Something wasn’t right here. He’d get the contract voided and Custodial services would wipe the kid’s memory. He slipped back through the window as Ethan blew out the candles.

From the window, Arasmel watched as the door fell free of the hinges and a man staggered through, lights from the corridor behind him casting a six foot shadow on the boy.

A quirk of the Contract is that it grants unconditional protection to its holder. Over the millennia, this fact had been abused by powerful men who wished to avoid death. Now, Ethan was in danger. Arasmel groaned in protest as he was pulled back into the bedroom by a force unseen.

Ethan was huddled on the floor, covering his ears as blood trickled from his mouth.The creature facing him was barely human, with an unkempt beard concealing most of his face and ragged hair falling in front of his eyes. The man growled a threat, drawing a large kitchen knife in his hand. For the first time, Arasmel noticed the burn scars blotching Ethan’s arms and neck. Ethan slowly reached under the bed behind him, grasping a wrench. The man had sunk too deep into rage to notice the subtle movement.

The man charged, but Arasmel materialized in front of Ethan. His target blocked, the man howled, until he took in Arasmel’s armor and serpentine appearance. Screaming in bewilderment, he took a wild swing at Arasmel, but the demon caught the blade, his scales impervious to the sharp edge. He clenched his other fist and thrust a claw through the man’s heart. The attacker dropped to the ground and lay still, fingers twitching.

“Change of plans. You’re coming with me.” Throwing Ethan over his shoulder, Arasmel and the boy dissolved through the window and flew into the night.