A life loved on the emotions of other had yet proved to be worth anything at all... for so far my life had been filled with nothing but that deep ache in the ribcage you feel when your heart is breaking. Sometimes I found relief from this feeling in a distention emotion that was totally numb,  lifeless, like I had become totally devoid of anything within pith than a dull and repetitive ache reminding me of what once was. Last but not least, the experience of total paralysis gripping my body all over add if tensed for a marathon in anticipation of some imminent or distant "thing." I had come to know these emotions well and sometimes overlapping or without differentiation. 

One day, a Thursday, sometime in October, I remember waking up to the usual droll. However,  little did I know today would be the first day I had really lived.  Today my life,  totally dependent on the emotions of others that wetter left over,  donated, to me,  in a silly box,  would change forever. It was if my eyes had seen colors for the first time, I noticed the vividness of reach color and how it sparkled a certain way in the sunlight,  a giant weight lifted from my chest I could feel my voice burst forth with confidence into a song. I was able to notice the interactions of others and feel this emotion.... a sorry of glowing....from within?  I felt this when watching other people interact in a way that was without jealousy, sadness, nostalgia.... The feeling of the warmth of sunlight on my skin and the wind bristling my hair.  What was this feeling? Happiness.

Maybe tomorrow would be back to the usual droll; but today was a different day....  Then I noticed another feeling welling up within my hearts center...like maybe not everything would always be bad. Someone had enough extra happiness to share it with me,  maybe it could happen again.  Maybe I could live more days in this way, in this state of mind that appreciates the present moment like never before.  Hope? 

For once in my life it was all worth it, everything in the world was right, worth it somehow. 