His head explodes and he hits the ground hard. I look down in horror and see that there is no head left. Blood and brain covers my head and upper body. I look at the body of my friend, my best friend James, who only moments before had a big smile on his face. We'd known each other since college. We were like brothers, and now....

The man who looks like me breathes a sigh of relief, and slumps to the ground, head bowed. 

"it's over" He murmurs....He looks up and I see tears falling down his face.

"i didn't want it to be this way" he says. 

I look down again. my stomach churns, and suddenly i'm on my knees, my stomach heaving. I take big gulps of air, and fall back. The smell hits me and i heave again, but nothing else comes up. The man watches me and says nothing until I stagger to my feet .

"wait", he says. "you need to know"

"know what!?" i snarl. The voice that emerges from me doesnt sound like mine.  "what the....YOU KILLED HIM!"

He looks at me sadly. "we did it. we made time travel possible. We thought it could kick start a golden age. fix the wrongs of the past. learn about our ancestors without having to rely on their records. we had the power. we could make everything better!"

i stared at him...."you killed him...."

"james made the breakthrough. he made it possible. once we'd cracked it, we had access to all of time. we could have done anything. i couldn't choose when i wanted to go to first, i was so excited. but james....he'd already chosen what to do. he decided to right the wrongs done to him when he was growing up"

Even in the midst of what was going on, I felt a chill. James had the sort of childhood that you wouldn't wish on anybody. He had told me bits of it, but i knew that he had never told me even a fraction of what he had experienced before he had managed to get away. No one aside from me knew of it, and he had said on occasion he wished he could "make things right" with his childhood.

"what did he do?"

"went back in time and killed everyone that was involved in his abuse. at first i didn't notice. but the more he killed, the more our present was affected. and it didn't stop there. he started enjoying killing, and started going back to kill criminals when they were most vulnerable. And then it was just him killing people he didn't agree with."

he sighed. 

"he changed. i knew he would never hurt me, but he was destroying the world i lived in. changing the people in my life ever so subtly, but by enough so they weren't who i knew anymore.  i tried to talk sense into him, and he seemed to listen. but when my back was turned, he went for me."

he gestures to several stab wounds about his person. 

"he got me good. but i managed to get away, back to the beginning. so i could stop time travel from being invented, even for a short time."

he points the gun at my head. "i wanted to make you......i wanted to make ME understand. I'm sorry"

\-crack-