My heart sank into my stomach as I stared at the wall behind me. In large curling writing were the numbers that I never expected to see: 7212. Unable to take my eyes off of the numbers, I studied the bright red hue and tried to quickly analyse what I was seeing. What could possibly go wrong today?! What would I get myself into that could cause me to replay this day in my life over and over again? Like a the sun peaking over the horizon, the realisation of today’s significance covered me in fear….Shaking off this newly founded fear I slowly finished my morning rituals, lingering to fix few out of place curls in my hair…..I was procrastinating…not because I was lazy, because I knew what would come next. I stepped out of my bathroom to an empty flat. By the door were the last of my worldly possessions that lingered in this country. Tomorrow this would all be behind me and I would start a new life. With a sigh of nervousness I used my didi app to call a taxi and went outside to wait. Soon enough I was on my way. The day was dreary, like mother nature didn’t want to let go of this chapter that was closing in my life. “But I have other things to look forward to….Like seeing my mother again…” I told myself. 

After an hour or so I finally arrived at my destination. After exchanging goodbyes with the taxi driver in a language I knew I wouldn’t get to speak for a long time I walked into the airport. “Nín hǎo! Qǐng chū shì nín de hù zhào hǎo ma? “ (Hello, could you show me your passport please?) The attendant kindly asked. “Hǎo ba.” (Alright.) I said and handed her my passport. I got through immigration and security fairly quickly and silently congratulated myself on getting to my gate without any problems and hold ups. “Hello Ladies and Gentlemen, we will new begin boarding for flight DA2830 towards Los Angeles, California” It was time to board the flight. Suddenly fear poured over me and I felt like I didn’t know what to do. I would sleep on this flight back to America…..What could possibly happen that would cause me to replay this day 7212 times?!  I had a choice to make, I would continue with my original plan and get on this flight or I could “miss” it and be forced to buy another flight with fees and maybe I would still land into some kind of trouble….I decided to go with my gut instinct and I took a trip to the bathroom while the flight was boarding. I threw cold water on my face and paced back and forth waiting for the flight to leave. “Passengers last name Baptiste, Miller, Xin, Gao, Bello, Su, Yao, Santino, Earnhardt, Mejia, Jenkins,  Awolowo,  Shoemaker, Li, Akua, Parker,  Omiata, Takizawa, … please report to gate 38 D, your flight is leaving soon.” That was me…I couldn’t go…I splashed more water on my face and continued to pace back and forth. Suddenly the door to the bathroom smashed open. A young woman quickly sped past me and into a stall. I heard a loud sigh and a few curse words in Chinese. 

Lost in my own melt down I barely noticed. She came out and threw water on her face and glanced my way quickly. “Gosh does she want a photo?!”  I silently thought to myself and prepared to go into a stall to escape the intrusive ritual that I had experienced for the last two years. Then she had a flicker of realisation in her eyes….”Excuse me, did you have an abnormally high restart rate today?” Again my heart sank into my stomach and I nodded slowly. “Yeah…I think a lot of us did… There’s a whole group out there of people refusing to board the flight.” My mouth dropped and I followed her outside of the bathroom. Sure enough a group of 20 people stood in a group chatting amongst themselves with grave looks on their faces. “Nin Hao” the woman said introducing herself and me, “We also have had the same experiences…..What do you think it means?”I asked everyone. “Well, it could be that we had some bad experience yesterday…today..” Another woman mused. An elder cleared his voice and others paused to listen to him. “I believe, the flight is in danger. We may have all chosen to sleep during the flight and opted to restart the day for some reason. This is why we are here. The others on the flight didn’t get to sleep during the flight, or opted to continue to the next day and this is why they had no fear when boarding the plane…I think….the plane never arrives in Los Angeles…” Suddenly the rest of us had the same realisation. Outside the window, the plane made it’s way to the run way. It sped up and took off into the sky…..”What are we going to do?! “ Another passenger yelled. “I don’t know if there’s anything that we CAN do..” I said, my voice shaking in anger and sadness. “We have to restart the day again….” The elder said. “Okay and how do you suppose that we will be able to stop them next time?! This is 7212th time that we’ve tried this!!!!” the young woman from the bathroom yelled. “You’re right, but that doesn’t mean that we can’t stop trying….” I told her, tears welling in my eyes…..”We have to try….” 