When I started the task seemed insurmountable. The king secretly desired to be immortal. The greatest alchemists had all been working on the task, yet I was but an acolyte; a boy thrown in a dungeon with my masters notes. However I knew I must start the work or join my master upon the pyre for aiding in his heresy. For you see in that day alchemy was decried as an affront against God, messing with powers of His domain.

Upon my agreement I was hastily bundled beneath the keep. Kept in secret to carry out my task, with only the king and select guards knowing I was even there. I was fed a regular mix of gruel, alchemical ingredients and prisoners for my sinister purposes.

The work was tedious in the fetid hollow beneath the castle. I lost track of days, or nights in the eternal darkness. Broken only by scant candle light. How many decades did I languish and toil? I know not. How many prisoners died in my experiments? The time is now but a blur in my memory.

However, I do vividly remember the day I succeeded. It happened some time after I stopped receiving my regular supplies and prisoners. I found that odd, had the king given up on me? Surely he would have executed me had that been the case. I was determined that I was being punished and that the headsman would be coming soon. As you may have guessed that was the final motivation for completing my task.

The vial with my final solution sat upon the table. Take it and prove myself or die as so many of my subjects had. Either the solution or the executioner would kill me so I swilled down the contents.

The searing pain of a thousand suns surged through my veins and blackness filled my vision. I awoke to a voice that seemed thin and distant… scratching on the edges of my comprehension. “When you realize living forever sucks, call this number, I have a job offer for you.” As my eyes slowly focused they resolved upon a figure clad in black. My mind jarred back in to reality as my hand brushed against the skeletal hand reaching out to me.

“Dear Lord I’m dead” I blurted to the grim reaper.

“Quite the opposite my friend” he chuckled. “You are an immortal. Here take this.” Again he pushed the odd looking square of not-quite parchment into my hand. “Call me when you tire of this existence.”

“I… I don’t understand.” I stammered.

“You will.” Echoed his last words as death faded into the ether.

I slipped the small card of numbers into my pocket and hurridly wrote a note for the guards proclaiming “Tell the king I have found it!”

I was dragged from my cell and brought before a strange young man. For you see the king was no more. His kingdom overthrown and I was a forgotten relic of a bygone age, fed what I needed merely out of ceremony. I was released as a political prisoner, and a feeble old madman who believed in immortality.

Yes, I was trapped in the body I had become immortal in, and aged bent old fool. A blessing and a curse I must admit. My condition made travel and occupation difficult. However I was never swept into the great conflicts of history. I wandered down the centuries reading in the great libraries, standing faceless in the crowds of many great moments. A silent witness to greatness, yet never achieving it for myself.

As for the not-quite parchment I keep it close and hidden. I feared the numbers I did not understand. I would not say them aloud for fear it would summon death. As the years passed the fear was slowly replaced with curiosity. What would happen? How do I call? My first attempt at shouting produced no results… which relieved me as I was not truly ready.

The first clue I had was when the radio was invented. However the number matched no frequency. The telephone piqued my interest. Yet again the numbers did not match any assigned phone, the sequence was too long.

That is until I read about the United States, with their area codes.

When I arrived in the country I headed for the first courtesy phone I could find. My fingers shook as I reached for the buttons… well they always shook. Because of my age, but this was more so… was it trepidation or excitement?

It rang.

“Hello?” The thin voice rasped.

“You gave me your card and said to call when I was sick of immortality” I blurted out

“Ah, you are the first to call… are you ready to take my offer?”

“Yes”

It was then that Death came for me.