"Mrs Amica, Mrs Amica!"

The words echoed through the hallway and i paused in my sweeping, clipping an errant strand of hair back into place. A slight smile rose to my lips as I saw the small child barreling towards me. He skidded to a halt, using all four limbs to slow his reckless run. I opened my mouth to admonish him, I told all the children that running in my home was not permitted. I had already lost five lovely wooden cabinets, most mere splinters when i found them.

"I'm sorry!" he barked before i could speak, craning his neck behind him to point with his snout. "I know. no running. But you have to come quick. Outside, outside!"

I shook my head, setting the broom carefully against the wall. By now i could detect more small forms moving in the house and it seemed they were all heading to where the boy pointed. 

"Its a baby!" he exclaimed and promptly spun around, speeding back off towards the front door. 

I stood still as stone for a brief moment before abruptly speeding after him. I arrived at the door and paused, staring out from the overhang to the sun lit day beyond. A couple of seconds later the boy appeared, panting heavily. He nuzzled against my leg and i scratched his coarse fur absentmindedly.  Another of the children was already on the porch, bent over a wicker basket that lay there. 

"Melindre," I called out. "Bring the child in to me please."

The little girl looked up at my voice, tightly curled blonde hair bouncing around her face. She scrunched her nose up in a way i had seen a thousand times, pointing a finger at the now gurgling basket. It rose slowly off the floor and she marched it over, her steps methodical as if she was a guard of honor.

&#x200B;

As it crossed the threshold i held out my arms and Melindre floated the basket to me. I held it to my chest and the warmth of the child seemed to suffuse me even through the wooden mesh. It was heavier than i had expected. I spun around and strode to the dining room, a growing gaggle of children falling in behind me as we went. By the time I had reached my destination the throng of little bodies was sixteen strong and their hushed murmurings filled the air. I set the basket down and they fell silent, crowding around the table. The tallest picked up their smaller siblings while some flew up into the air and gazed down at me as i reached out. 

Pulling back the shawl, made of gorgeous purple and gold stitching, revealed a small baby, happily swinging her pudgy hands out at us. Her skin was dark, her eyes dusky gems that loomed huge and glittering. I tickled her gently under the chin and she gurgled happily. 

"Is she like us?" asked Harriet, today the size of a small tea cup, and standing upon the table. I picked her up and allowed her to settle on my shoulder for a better view.

"It does not look like my little ones," I said and there were slight sighs of disappointment. I turned back to the child and tickled her once more, causing her to kick out.

"What was that?" Harriet asked, her minuscule face inches from my ear causing me to wince slightly. I heeded her words and stared as the child kicked once more. The kick did not seem very....conventional. I took in a deep breath and let it out as if in excitement, drama for the children who recognized the cue and crowded closer still. Gently removing the shawl from the baby's lower half led to excited gasps and whoops that caused the child to start to cry. I picked her up, holding her close to me and whispering soft words of comfort. As she calmed down, I held her up higher to the children.

The baby looked back at them contently, one small hand clutching my thumb, her long serpentine lower body, starting from her waist, wrapped around my arm for support. The scales glittered in the same purple and gold as her shawl.

"Oh my dears isn't she beautiful," I exhaled, to enthusiastic agreement from the children. 

"What is she Mrs Amica?"

I looked at the baby now drifting off to sleep against my chest and the arrayed multitude of faces before me.

"One of us sweetheart. She's one of us."

&#x200B;

r/AMSWrites