"Summer," Paige grumbled. 

The early morning sun was painful after a long night. She pointed herself in the general direction of her car and closed her eyes behind her thick glasses. Maybe there were any new Transition lenses that changed faster.  

"You are OK with driving?"

Paige turned toward the soft worried voice. Despite the harsh glare, she knew Sasha's tall, willowy figure. 

"I'm OK."

The angles of Sasha's fierce, beautiful face were pulled into sharper lines as she squinted into the sun. "You have been here every night for weeks. Or is it months?" 

"I'm used to it. Tell me if they try to stick you with data entry."

"Take care on the road, please. What would I- we do without our director? Good morning, Paige."

\--

Sasha said 'good morning' like most would say 'farewell and good night'. Over their years of working together, she had come to treasure it. Every shift, Sasha said 'good night' as a greeting.  

"...I don't know, Mom. Not yet. Maybe when the semester-"

"That's what you said last semester. She might move away if you don't, well, make a move."

Paige yawned to buy some time for a response. Her mother kept her company on the drives back home after a long shift. Most days, her chipper care was welcome. 

"And she would have given you a ride?"

"She checked but she was tired too."

"You could have shared a cab."

"Ugh. Why didn't I think of that?"

"Because you think she's too good for you or you're too short or too curvy. Do you have a headache? I think I hear one in your voice. You're seeing the optometrist when? You've been complaining about those glasses for weeks."

Paige thought back to Sasha's tall, graceful form at the door. Her watercolor tattoos of Russian constellations accented her skin, so pale compared to Paige's. The designs and colors became a blur when the astrophysicist was excited about new data for her favorite comets and meteors. Paige managed to tell her mother that the appointment was on Tuesday. 

"You haven't told her yet, have you?"

"Mom, I have more work to do. The source is still unverified and-"

"Of all the money and time spent for your PhDs, pumpkin. Have you ever thought that maybe it's for this? 

"Are you saying astrophysics and history might be worth something after all?" 

"Archeo-astrophysicist Paige Gonzales, PhD squared. They're only worth it if you speak up. You've been her silent partner for years now."

"There was that one-"

"Coffee date. You've been her silent monogamous partner. You even wear that dorky chain thing she got you."

"It's not dorky if you're in academia. Or it is, but it doesn't matter. Anyway, she always talks about how disgusting it is when guys come on to her and ruin things."

"You're not hopeless but you're close. Tell you what, I'll trade you. I'll go to that light pollution zoning meeting and you talk to the girl who is obviously in love with you."

"That apartment complex would kill our view. I just want it to be perfect." 

"I swear the heavens move faster than you."

Paige resisted the urge to slam her head down onto the steering wheel. The near miss brought something new to the forefront of her mind. 

"Obviously? Really?"

"You sound like you're asking Santa for a reindeer. I've had breakfast slash dinner - binner? - with you two a dozen times."

"That's better than dreakfast. Lots of other people were there."

"She's got those big brown eyes. It's hard to miss how she looks at you."

"Yeah, she does, doesn't she? Mom, you don't have to go to that meeting-"

"Paige, promise me. Come on, I always wanted to be a wingman. Wing-mom?"

"I promise. And I'll pretend I didn't hear 'wing-mom'."

\--

Paige looked again at the scan of the record. It was as specific as a 600 year old record could be. The language felt too modern to be as old as the materials made it seem. The handwriting was printed instead of cursive. But who would forge this? Somehow, in transcribed stories from the Delaware, Potawatomi, and Miami peoples, there was a tale of a comet in a specific part of the sky. The ink was smeared beyond recognition for most of the pages, but the name was clear, as was the prediction of its return. 

Sasha's firestar. 

200 years before Halley walked the Earth. If it could be verified, it would be the earliest recorded North American observation of the famous comet.   

It seemed too good, too romantic to be true. She could not blurt that out in a rush.

Or maybe she could. Sasha loved her excited rants.  

And she made a promise to Mom.

"The heavens move faster," Paige muttered.

She flopped onto the couch, not bothering to take off her leather boots. Her cat meowed at her from the bedroom. 

"Yeah yeah, I'll be there soon, Tycho. A few minutes, give or take an order of magnitude."

Paige cracked a sleepy smile at her physics joke. She dreamt of her her first night working with Sasha. For once, she had been starstruck by something very much of the Earth. 

For once, as if it had stopped.

\--

Paige stretched her sore back. Every time she woke on it, she vowed to replace the old couch, but that was a task for diurnal creatures. Something popped along her spine and a sharp pain replaced the dull ache. On instinct, she felt along her spine. Her hand closed around something rod-like and bumpy. 

"There's no way this-"

The object was strange and unfamiliar in her hand. It was rough and felt a little wet. In the gentle sunlight of the evening, her eyes could not make it out. 

She reached for her glasses on the side table and found empty air. She adjusted her angle and flailed again. Something scratched her hand and drew blood. 

"Tycho!"

The expected meow was absent. In its place were sounds that were both familiar and not: a constant rustling and the occasional snap. It did not make sense. She became aware of a breeze lifting the stray dark hairs around her ponytail. 

She froze, knowing full well the white noise generator was in her room and the windows in the living room were painted shut.

Her legs would not respond, but her arms were capable. In a mad panic, she searched the area around her for her glasses. Her hands found only more moist, stick-like things. 

Paige drew her knees close and hugged herself. Something dug into her chest.

Her glasses. 

\--

Pale golden rushes shimmered against her copper skin. She kept her eyes down as they adjusted to the strong prescription. A wide meadow of the grasses surrounded her. The trees in the distance were familiar, but they were the tallest she had seen since visiting the redwoods as a child. 

"How?" she breathed. 

The light was the wrong color for the late sun. Paige looked skyward. Her breath started racing with her heartbeat.

The moon was a pale sliver and only a few degrees above the eastern horizon. The meadow was lit by the stars alone. She had seen simulations of the night sky that were not as vivid and detailed as the truth above her. 

\--

Paige sat for hours, enraptured and awestruck. With an eerie calm, she surmised that it was the same time of year given the position of the stars. She knew there was no place as green and alive without light-polluting civilization left in the world. Not anymore. 

Astrophysicists are well-versed in odd theories of time and space. In her adoration of the sky, she started to guess at what time had passed with an academic interest. 

She toyed with the chain holding her eyeglasses. 

"Thank you, Sasha," she whispered into the quiet world. "I have a chance because of you."

Paige cleared that area of small sticks and rocks, her eyes never leaving the sky. She laid back and mused about all the theories that were incorrect. It was at least three centuries earlier. 

Or much later. She shivered at the thought of being in the far future. History was full of turmoil, but at least she had studied it. The future was a terrifying unknown.

Either way, she had a chance to craft replacements. She would have been blind without Sasha's gift. All at once, she knew that she was in pre-colonial North America. 

"I have the perfect thank you gift," she grinned. "How many times will your firestar be here before Halley understands curved orbits and predicts the next visit?"  

The journal was hers, likely written by her other hand. She hoped that was a conscious choice. 

"How many times before you're here?"

Paige swallowed hard. Her vision started to falter as tears filled her eyes. The weight of her journey pressed her down. She would die long before the 1986 comet would herald Sasha's birth. She would never speak up. She would never share it with Sasha. She would never keep her promise. Paige fought it for a moment, then let herself cry. 

Whether it was survival instincts or the passion of a stargazer, Paige could not stay curled up away from the stars for long. She stretched out again under the open sky and inhaled in the cleanest air she had ever breathed. She wished she could take a picture that would last. Holding up her hands, she framed the constellations and snapped mental images of them until something else caught her attention. 

The scratch on her hand was closed. She would meet people eventually. It was probably better not to have blood on her hands. She cleaned it off with dew from the grass. 

A line of new tan skin was marked the scratch. It was shiny as if the incident had happened weeks ago. The rules were different, down to her cells. She would have to be patient and gather observations to present to her favorite scientist. 

Paige soaked in the starlight, knowing now that she would have to slowly watch it fade. A brighter light was coming. A firestar. 

"The heavens will move just fast enough for me to make my move, wing-mom."