What I had in front of me was a building made of rough stone, and what seemed to be a capsized viking ship used as a roof, with rotting wood planks, and hay, and tar to shield its contents from the rain. A cobblestone path led to the heavy wooden door. On the door, a mightily decorated doorknock in the shape of a dragon's head stared furiously at me.

I approached the door, my boots thumping softly on the stone. I raised a hand to the doorknock, and hit the wood twice. The heavy door opened thunderously, and a decrepitly old woman was standing behind it. A dark green robe, small eyes and her skin like oak bark, she was holding a stick taller than her, with a face roughly carved into its wood, and trinkets and tiny colored vials attached to it.

"Oh, you're here, Maximilian. Please, do come in, shrug the cold off your shoulders". She said, and welcomed me inside.

A great hall, full of displays carved in marble and granite or cast in various metals adorned the area. On each of these, a weapon.

"I know you come from an era of information", she said "and you may recognise most of these weapons".

And she was right. I walked in front of one of the displays where I could recognise the mighty Mjölnir, together with Megingjörð and the gloves Járngreipr. Their shape shifting, now showing a crude stone, a loincloth and fur gloves, now a golden warhammer and a finely decorated belt and platinum gauntlets, now a normal tool hammer with a toolbelt and work gloves.

"The shape of these artifacts shifts to adapt to the different ages they had seen. This hall lies outside time and space. A hero's weapon isn't a tool. It's a concept. An idea. What was Excalibur once, in your time may be a fountain pen used to sign peace between nations, and who knows what in the future."

I strolled around the displays. Different weapons I recognised, Excalibur, Gaebolg, Cupid's Bow. Each one glimmering and shifting in shape, color, form, and size.

*At last*.

I heard a voice. A deep, sensual murmur.

"I can hear you. I can...*feel* you." I whispered. Then, following what one may call instinct, I directed my steps to a far corner of the hall.

I was standing in front of a dusty wooden log, with no light shining on it. And more curiously, the shape of the weapon I had in front of me was not shifting. It was just...that. A thick, short blade, with two cuts on the flat side. It had no grip, it was just the soul of a japanese *tantou*.

I knew very well what it was. I felt my hand moving on its own, to grab the crude blade. As I touched it, it morphed in my hand, becoming the most beautiful santoku knife i had ever seen. Its steel was shining and glimmering, its damascus waving on the surface, moving. Then, the blade spoke.

*I am Houchou Masamune. Are you worthy of wielding me?*

I didn't let the blade finish. I pressed the blade against the palm of my right hand, and slashed it. My blood dripping on the knife. I winced from the pain.

*I am Houchou Masamune. And we're going to be the best chef of the world.*