The forest was dark and quiet save for a small taven on the distance where boisterous laughing and drunken singing could be heard in the distance.


A crow perched upon a branch looks about, then, feeling a disturbance in the air, flew away.
 

A small ball of electricity began to crackle on the leaf strewn forest floor, and slowly it grew as lightning bolts tickled the night dampened bark of the trees.


With one final crackle the electricity was gone, and a large, naked man crouched at the epicenter. He stood slowly, his emotionless gaze scanning the environment. 


None of this factored into the coordinates that were in his systems. 

His eyes settled on the tavern in the distance. He detected the sound of human voices and began moving towards it. In the event that he was placed in an unrecognized area, his systems defaulted to reconnaissance. 

The log-based home was not what he was programmed to expect, homes during John Connor's time should have been walled with tile, complete with paved streets and developed suburbs. Nothing in his database seemed likely. 

Was this residential or public, would knocking on the door be the best way to blend in? His computations fired off and decided to err on the side of caution. His hand raised and rapped on the door three hard, calculated knocks. 

No response came, so he opened the door and stepped in.

There was raucus laughter, men at tables eating bread and chicken, drinking from large mugs. They shot him sideways glances as he walked through.

"Ay, look at this one. 'E's almost as big as The Mountain in't he?" one sneered to his friend.

His scanners settled on a taller man about his stature.

"What city is this?" he asked him.

The man looked up from his drink red in the face, "The fuck you come in here with your cock waving in my face and you ask me what city you're in? You see a city? I sure as fuck don't. We're in the middle of the damn woods." 

The other patrons of the tavern were watching, hooting and hollering at the man's response. 

"I need to get to Los Angeles. Which way is it?" he said in a robotic monotone.

"Los... what the fuck? You must be lookin' for some place out on the isles or something cause I ain't never heard of no Los whatever the fuck you just said. Are you done wagging your prick in my face?"

"I need to find John Connor, leader of the resistance. Which was is Los Angeles." his volume raised slightly, his computations suggested that it might be a good idea to use intimidation to draw out an answer.

"The resistance? Who is this fuck talking about? John Connor? Ay you think this fuck might be talking about Jon Snow? Is Snow trying to lead a resistance against the King now? Look ya naked fuck if you're one of Snow's fans you picked a spot a bit too far south to be flying his banned." 

The man's hand began playing with the hilt of his sword.

"Around here we're men of the King, and the Lannister's will pay good for the head of a traitor."

The robot's sensors weren't fully capable of detecting the veiled threat, and decided to pursue Jon Snow as a possible nick name for John Connor. "I need your boots, your clothes, and your horse."

"What the fuck did you just say to me?" the drunk man stood up and drew his sword. "The only thing you're gonna get is the tip of my sword if you don't fuck off!"

The terminator grabbed the blade while maintaining eye contact with the man. He tried to thrust the sword but it was gripped too firm, he couldn't move it from the naked man's grip. Fear shot into his eyes, and other men around the bar began to draw their weapons. 

The naked man bent the blade of the sword, then punched the man holding it onto the table behind him.

Another man to his side swung his sword and struck the naked man directly in his forearm. The blade stopped and rang out as it struck metal. The terminator grabbed him and threw him head first into the fireplace.

As he turned another sword pierced his stomach. He grabbed the blade, pulled the man closer and broke his neck.

The other men around the room saw this naked, invincible wall of muscle and began to run drunkenly from the tavern. 

"Your boots, your clothes, and your horse. Where can I find Jon Snow." he repeated to the other man who was laying on the table in terror. 



He walked out of the tavern, clothed in the man's leather and mail, got to the horse and was computing how to ride this animal when the tavern keeper walked out with his sword.


"You can't just come into my god damn tavern and go spilling blood and scaring off all my business ya bloody vagabond!"


He turned from the horse, stepped slowly toward the tavern keeper, then grabbed the blade from his hands, walked back to the horse, mounted it, and road off down the dirt road. 