This was extreme. My mother said not to hang out with Terry. He always went all the way, nothing held back. He was a bad influence on me. Nothing was ever worth doing if it wasn't breaking some record. We've broken bones instead of records. Broken friendships and laws. Crashed cars and streaked the whole nation. Livestreamed deep dives, crushed our lungs, entered whales' bellies and put rockets on horses. Confined now to our hospice beds at the ripe age of 46, we lay staring at each other. Terry's eyes locked on to mine. No, Terry. I said. No. 

But he would not let up. And this is how the ending began. The first 24 hours were easy. We were world champions already. Nobody could beat us in a stare down. But who between the two of us was the greatest? That was the question. The matter would be settled here and now. Or later. A lot later. We wouldn't eat. The nurses gave up on us. Family stopped visiting. Eventually we were both at the point of bleeding tears. Our eyes dried so much they cracked. The pain was excruciating at 72 hours, but I knew this was not even the half way mark. 

Did you see that? Said Terry. I wasn't falling for it. Terry went the distance, but he would do anything to beat me in a rivalry. But I did see something strange. There was a thick black line straight down the middle of Terry's face. I reasoned with myself thinking it's only natural because there is a gap between my eyes. Of course there would be a gap in my vision. I don't think this makes sense, but at the time I was losing my senses. Then everything was upside-down. And Terry seemed to see the same thing. He was tilting his head trying to set it straight. Or he was trying to make me laugh. I want having any of it. I kept my ground even when the ceiling tiles started falling away and revealing black voids. It's an old hospital and it's late in the night, I reasoned again. Then Terry was all eye balls. His whole body was made up of only eye balls. How did he do that? I would surely lose if I'm going against this many eyes. Terry was such a try-hard. I needed to best him somehow. 

I reached forth my hand to close his other eyes but when my own hand came into my view, I saw that I too was made up of only eye balls. In fact, the rest of the remaining room was now all eye balls. I don't know if they belonged to anyone. All I could see were eyes everywhere staring right back at me. I must have lost, I thought. This is surely a dream. 

I tried to open my eyes but it felt like they were open already. Am I not asleep? Is this real? I wanted to ask Terry now, but I could hear my own voice without it being projected. I seem to have lost my mouth. Even the eyes were losing their pupils. I was floating in a matrix of balls. They started changing colors, rotating Red, Green, Blue. I no longer think I'm sleeping but dead. I believe I died somewhere in the middle of the staring contest. I wonder if Terry died before me. All I have known for a long time now is this cycling Red Green Blue. Sometimes I think maybe I'm not dead, just stuck in the staring contest somehow. But I'm pretty sure I am dead. I don't know. I can't feel anything. 