In the beginning, they both knew they would never would fall in love. They scoffed at the idea, sure that their own selves would be enough of a companion for their entire existence. 


He had never the slightest desire for diving to the depths of the earth; she had never the lust to take flight to the sky.


And yet, and yet, time takes a toll. It crept up on them and stole a piece of their hearts to weave together. The world's curse, perhaps, yet it had never seen a deeper love. This love made every hour sweeter, even as they became numbered. 


Loving and losing - they do not need to be so separate. 


He made the sun sing for her as it rose; she made the waves dance for him as they fell. Never once could they tear their eyes from each other. She was captivated by the beauty of his changing moods, from one sun in the morning to every star in the evening. He adored how grounded she was, how every shift was subtle and took time, from the tide's ebb and flow to every flower's open and close. 


So apart, so *different*. They knew they could not touch, should never touch, and still they could not keep themselves from loving. As are mortals, so are gods.


He wept, his tears becoming rain, gentle and burning rain. His gifts for his lover were the rare clouds, carefully selected and lowered so they could lightly press into the ground and convey his longing. She despaired, her anger turning to quakes, the ground trembling and shaking and showing her yearning. Her gifts were the few, drifting seeds that were carried up, up, up into his sky, to root in his clouds and give him the treasure of dandelions.


They loved from far away, and dared ever closer, a step every century. Time was patient, after all. 


He was flushed with desire as he finally reached out to her; she was burning with lust. One more step, one short century.


She pressed into his arms - earth met sky in a firey, final kiss. The world folded beneath them, and time slipped away, knowing its duty was done.


***

Thanks for the lovely prompt! I took some artist's liberty with it, haha, but I enjoy where this piece went. :) It was nice to write this, and it fit the pleasant mood and weird French music playing in the cafe I'm in. If you liked this, feel free to take a look at r/lycheewrites !