Todd was an… interesting man, to say the least. He claims to have lived through the Dinosaurs, the fall of the Roman Empire, and the destruction of what you, today, know as Europe. He found me back in the early 1900’s, when I was lost in the Appalachian. I had fled from a war in 3084 and was wounded. On that given day, yes, Todd was quite literally a Life Saver. But since then, I haven’t been able to shake him.

He just shows up wherever I do. Can you image, for just a second, how annoying that is? I can literally jump through time, and yet no matter where I land, Todd is there waiting for me. Sometimes he’ll have coffee or flowers, but he’s always there. Asking where I had come from and some cheesy question of if he still looked just as good as he did now. 

I asked him once how he always found me, and you know what he said? He said that he could read the stars. THE STARS. And then he said some corny line about how I am the shooting star in his life, and he would always be waiting for me to fall back to him. 

Todd is a fucking creep. The ultimate stalker. What kind of human continues to live just to show up where I do, and even more so, knows where I’m going to show up? How is that possible? I JUMP THROUGH TIME. And I sure as hell don’t tell him where I’m going next. But –BAM! There he is. 

So I looked him up, and you know what I found out about Todd? The guy doesn’t exist. Not a blip of information on him anywhere. You would think that after the revolution of high-humans in 4489 he would have announced himself, but nope. No Todd. This man knows me so well that he knows where I am going to show up next, which is a smaller chance of winning “The Lottery”(?) to you, and yet I don’t know anything more than his first name. Todd. That’s it. Just Todd. 

Our conversations are so uncomfortable. 

“Eureka!” He’ll say as if he’s fucking Albert Einstein the Third, “Long time no see.” With a dumb little chuckle because he knows damn well I just saw his face five seconds ago.

“Hey Todd,” I’ll reply with zero enthusiasm, as I (usually) try to wave away the flowers or gift he’s brought me. 

“So tell me, am I old and grey or young and beautiful? I’d be happier than a clam if you would stick around a bit this time.” 

Todd will click the back of his heels together and puff his chest out all hopeful. I’ll sigh, say I can’t, and then ask him to leave me alone. Instead, he’ll just fill me in on what I’ve missed like I don’t come from the future and already know what’s happening.  And then he’ll just tail me until I have to jump again. 
It happens every. Single. Time. 

Jump –Todd

Jump- Todd

Jump- Todd. 

Finally I got so sick of seeing him, I jumped further than any Timer had dared to. I jumped to the end. The planet was in ruin, there was no air left in the atmosphere, the earth was so dry that it was like walking on a thick layer of dust. Even with all of my genetic militia-alterations and Survival settings programmed in, I still had trouble breathing. 

But there was Todd. 

He didn’t have a gift that time, since there wasn’t much to give. “Eureka,” he said much less enthusiastic than normal. “I thought you’d never come,” and shined a sad smile. 

“How are you here?” I demanded from him. There was no way he could live this long. Everyone was dead, yet there he stood. 

Todd couldn’t maintain his smile, and let it fall. Dejected and finally worn with just a smudge of age, he opened his mouth once, closed it, opened it again, and closed it. Finally, without being able to make eye contact, Todd said, “You’re the only one who’s been able to keep up with me.” 

I didn’t understand. 

He explained. “You have no idea what it’s like. Living while everyone else dies. But then I found you, and knew that you could be there with me. Maybe not every day, but occasionally. I knew that if I followed you I would see a face that I recognized. A face that wouldn’t age like mine. A face who knew my name after all this time. We might live different lives, but I’ve lived my whole life with you. Even if I was only a short part of yours.” He extended a gentle hand, hoping I would take it. 

Before I could, the world beneath his feet began to crumble and with it he fell.

...Whenever I see Todd now, I try to be a little friendlier. But he still gives me the creeps.
