"Not today, missus."

Someone's hand rested gently on my shoulder. I snapped my head up from the dank fog of missed chances, snotty tears and pointless rumination to follow the voice; a soft, light admonishment.

What I saw was everything I wanted to be and everything in a girl I wanted to be with all at once. Ethereal, yet intimidating, a dark presence with a friendly smile and therapists' eyes. Every time a train shot through the bridge tunnel her hair scattered into a mane, framing her perfectly sculpted face. 

Also, you know. Boobs. Trying not to do the assholish thing by staring at her chest for too long, I forced myself to meet her eyes with mine.

"I generally don't mess with the affairs of you lot, well not directly. But I can't have you throwing your own timeline off course and, well, you certainly are a stubborn little bugger". Her chortle soothed my annoyance at being mildly insulted by a perfect stranger and ohhhh no.

No no I knew exactly who that bastard was. 

Even if I didn't already figure it out, the fact that she managed to chase away a cat-caller by hissing and baring her violent soul at him would have clued me in. The folk with the most idiotic bravado are the most afraid, who knew?

Breathtaking. Inviting, almost. Flirtatious and yet - so clearly out of my league I might as well be on the bench. Beautifully unobtainable. I choked out a bitter snark. "Of course I can't be with you. That would be too simple wouldn't it? Because suffering in my own fucking head is apparently better than - "

"Oi. I'm not here to give you the "it gets better" speech. I mean it does, but, hell if that'll give you any comfort. I'm here to tell you you're not done. Not by a long shot. You jump now, you'll survive. I'll make sure of it."

"I would LOVE to see you try and reanimate me when I'm in literal bits."

"You'll survive, but you'll suffer. Far be it for you to add physical pain to the shit-storm that's in your head. Also those poor bastards on the train?"

"For an ancient gatekeeper of mortality you swear a LOT."

"Apparently you like them sweary."

"...touche."

"Would you like to know what your real end looks like?"

I side-eyed her. Wiping the slowly-drying snot from my beacon of a nose, I warily nodded, lowering my gaze to the ground in anticipation.

I looked up to see an elderly version of me. Crazy-coloured hair, wrinkled tattoos, piercings and all. Wearing a shit-eating grin and an IV drip. 
Holding hands with an elderly ginger bloke with bad eyesight and more wrinkled tattoos.

Oh god. I need to call him. Shit. If I go, I don't have him. He doesn't have me.

That was when I started weeping. Softly at first, but by the time I had sank away from the edge and down onto the ground, I was wailing like a kid with colic. Ugly, embarrassing, I'm-not-sure-if-they're-more-freaked-out-by-her-or-me sobbing.

She knelt beside me and held me.

"It's interesting to find out what buttons to push with you lot, your reasons to live. Good news is he's a keeper. Better news is that this is transient. This job is not long. This living situation is not long. Hell LIFE isn't long. You'll see me again. Both of you. With the same shit-eating grin. Just, not yet. You're getting help, remember?"

I sniffed loudly and nodded, my face buried in her chest.

"Well take it and run. You're got a lot ahead of you, a lot you achieve, and a lot to do right now. You'll need all the help you can get, but it'll be worth it. Promise."

As she stood me up, she planted a peck on my forehead. I looked back at her, only to see a smiling matron. With that friendly smile, those therapists' eyes, and warm, reassuring arms. A friend, not a lover. 

Still had the boobs though.

She turned to skip away, pausing only to deliver her parting words with a knowing smirk: 
"And remember. What do we say to Death?"

"Oh Christ me", I snickered with a wry smile on my face, watching her dance into the horizon.

