As the mechanized infantry squad advanced into the canyon, scree and pebbles spilled to the floor. The two columns of soldiers, each in an exo-suit, instinctively tightened formation and moved away from the canyon walls. Behind them, three towering mechs plodded forward in a wedge, their servos and gears whirring and creaking.

“Movement ahead. Grasshopper, check it out,” Donovan commanded from within her Atlas.

“On it, Captain,” Yuen replied. The left mech engaged its thrusters and rose steadily into the cold morning air. Its burnished metal, scarred with scorch marks, stood in stark contrast to the looming rock walls surrounding it. After a few seconds of hovering forty feet in the air, Yuen engaged his comms. “No visuals. Boulders provide plenty of cover, but thermals and IR aren’t registering anything either,” he reported.

“Roger, Grasshopper. Take point. Squad, stay alert. Mind the rock walls. We got reports of Bladesingers in this area,” Donovan radioed. As Yuen’s mech’s thrusters tilted and propelled it to land ahead of the infantry, the other mech fell in line with Donovan’s. Donovan glanced over at Tyson in the other mech cabin, who shook his head. “I don’t like this either,” the captain muttered to herself.

The squad advanced another two hundred feet before one column leader raised his hand in a fist, bringing both lines of soldiers to a halt. “Report,” Donovan ordered.

“It’s the rocks, Cap’n,” the column leader’s radio crackled. “I swear I saw one blink.”

“Blink? You mean you saw eyes among the rocks?” Donovan clarified, tightening her grip on her mech’s sticks.

“No, Cap’n. The rocks. They had eyes one moment. They blinked, and were gone.”

“Dwarves!” Donovan yelled, but her voice was drowned out amidst a thunderous boom. Several dwarves had tumbled out of boulders all around the squad, and one had—with a quick slashing motion of its hand—consumed the front quarter of the columns with conflagration. “Contact! Contact! Contact!” The reports of gunfire quickly mixed with the thrum of magical energy, the canyon echoing and reverberating the cacophony.

Yuen swiveled his mech and launched a rocket at one of the dwarves as it bounded between the cover of boulders. It detonated in a shower of stone splinters and dust, but before the dust settled and Yuen could see whether or not he had made a corpse, he saw a flash of light and felt every muscle in his body go rigid. His eardrums burst before he could even hear the thunder from the bolt of lightning that broadsided his mech. His jaw clenched so hard his teeth cracked and smoke quickly filled the cabin. His vision went dark.

Tyson saw lightning arc thirty feet from a dwarf’s hand to Grasshopper’s frame. “Yuen!” he shouted. As Yuen’s mech crumpled, Tyson jammed his sticks forward and boosted his thrusters. His mech leaped forward as he opened up his belt-fed machine gun—it produced a soft hum in the mech cabin. A line of tracer rounds lit up a path toward the dwarf, who had just turned and begun gesticulating at a cluster of soldiers across the canyon floor. The dwarf was turned into pink mist punctuated by a cloud of braided beard. “Suck shit you filthy fuck!” Tyson yelled into his cabin.

Donovan opened up her Atlas’ autocannon, chewing through rock with covering fire. The columns of soldiers had largely been obliterated, the remnants now taking cover in the rubble along the canyon walls and firing in every direction. Donovan saw a flash of energy from one of the larger rocks to her right and bisected it with a laser pulse before turning her SRM’s on it. The first missile detonated on some sort of ward around the now-revealed dwarf, but the second and third found their home, vaporizing it.

Halfway up the canyon, a solitary dwarf peered over the fray from a rock ledge. With a grimace, he ran his hand through his oiled beard. His force was nearly destroyed, although they were inflicting heavy casualties. Those damnable mechs were doing too much damage; the ambush had needed to take out all three immediately for a clean victory. He glared at the forward-most mech, scooped up a handful of rock dust, focused his mind on the grains of metal in it, and began humming. 

Tyson’s cabin beeped anxiously and his HUD adopted a red hue. “Overheating? What the hell—we just . . .” He scrambled, double-checking his thrusters were off and disengaging his machine gun. “Overheated. Need cover, pronto!” he reported into his comms. The nearby remaining soldiers surged forward in their exo-suits and took up a perimeter around Tyson’s mech, training their guns in every direction. Stillness descended on the canyon. It seemed most, maybe all, of the dwarves had perished. 

The insides of an overheated mech cabin were nothing new to Tyson, but this felt more intense than previous instances. Was the air harder to breathe? His legs felt heavier on the pedals than usual. He choked down a lungful of metallic-tasting air and looked at his feet. The insides of the mech around his legs were glowing orange with heat and the cuffs of his pants had caught fire. “Oh fuck, oh shit, oh fucking shit!” He frantically initiated the ejection procedure. 

Donovan assessed the situation: half a dozen soldiers up; Grasshopper down—Yuen dead; no dwarves left in sight, but a problem with Tyson’s mech. She scanned the canyon tops and glanced at her radar. There! A blip, middle of the canyon wall. She tapped her targeting system and pulled the trigger for her LRMs. A series of missiles crisscrossed through the air and crashed into a ledge in the canyon wall ahead. Rock exploded and scattered the ground. The blip disappeared. 

-- cont'd. below

