“Fuck, not again…”

A moment ago I was kicking back, drinking some brews and all of a sudden I’m in this dark room with candles everywhere, a pentagram under my feet and a bowl that looks to be covered in feces. As I try to look around I see what looks to be the hottest girl I have ever lay my eyes in.

“Asag?”

“What the fuck is an Asag? My name is Joe”

As soon as I said the name Joe her face looked like the ‘surprised emoji’

“Joe, impossible. This ritual is to summon you Asag, I might add you’re a lot more handsome than the description states.”

“Summon?”

“You’re a demon from hell, I stumbled upon this book in demonology and I gathered everything for the summon. It states that if summoned you would give me anything I want”

“Demon from hell? I’m from Chicago. Not much of a difference but it’s not hell.”

“Silence! I’ve had it with these games, you give me what I want or I’ll never send you back”

At that moment, my life flashed before my eyes and I remembered who I was. She didn’t summon Asag, she’s a rookie. How can she mistake me for that grotesque, sorry excuse of a demon. She has no idea what she’s just got herself into.”

“Hello?! I was talking to you.”

How dare she speak to me like this? How dare she insult me?! She’s making a mockery of me. I shall punish her for her incompetence.

“You’re right, you have summoned me. I shall grant you this one wish”

“It’s my father… he’s sick please help him and I’ll give you anything you want.”

I laughed so hard, laughed harder than I’ve ever laughed in my life. She really thinks that I’m Asag. I’m not pathetic. I’m not one to tell a lie so it’s time to show my true face.

“Why the fuck are you laughing? You’re under my control. You’re my bitch right now!”

“You fool! You haven’t summoned Asag. Do I look pathetic to you? Do you think this trap is going to keep me under your control? I can just walk out of this trap."

I walked outside the trap and I stood face to face with this mysterious girl.

“You haven’t summoned Asag, my name is Lucifer, the king of hell!”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First time writing on here, I've been lurking for the longest and finally decided to write. Be gentle.