For many years art historians and fans of mystery have grasped at any possible clue that there could be more to ingest from the Mona Lisa. From attempts to positively identify the woman sitting for the painting, to searching for hidden meaning, we have always wanted more from this impenetrable facade. 

Approaching this behemoth queen of all paintings, I expected to see nothing more than what I have already seen in countless photos and reproductions: a pale faced simple woman with thin hardly smiling lips, swathed in lavish robes, not remarkably beautiful, but rich and thus deserving of such a portrait. I have never been moved the way others seem to be over this worshipped work of art. I have not obsessed over the identity of its sitter, or speculated over her relationship with its painter. 

As I step in front of her and can see the edges and textures of the original paint on the canvas, I wish that I could touch it. That would not end well. My eyes move to the land and sky behind her, the forgotten background that in photos I never noticed detail. 

I can see some kind of script in red with a luminated golden outline. I inch closer to try and make out the words. In Italian it read: 
“So qualcosa che non sai.” A native English speaker with only basic knowledge of Spanish and just enough French to get by in Paris, I turn to Google Translate. 

In English, “So qualcosa che non sai” translates to “I know something you don’t know.” Could that be the reason for her smirk? She knows something we do not know and likely never will?

I notice another glowing message wrapping her neck like a choker necklace I might pluck from a fixture at Forever 21. A single word dripping red across her neck reads, “Leonora.” That quite clearly is a name. Could this be the real name of the woman in the painting? 

But it had been concluded that the identity of the Mona Lisa was a woman named Lisa del Gherardini. It had been researched to death for hundreds of years and deemed true by German researchers. The evidence seemed indisputable, especially since there were no other solid leads. 

Studying every remaining surface of the painting for more message flares, I notice a third and final inscription lighting up her forehead: “lei è lui.” 

“She is he?” Wait, what does this mean? The woman sitting in this painting is in fact a man in drag? Or perhaps in typical Renaissance fashion, a male actor in costume from a play. Or maybe this is  someone who never existed at all.

Perhaps Mona “Leonora” Lisa existed only in the artists mind, a version of himself that he could never have openly lived? If so, this could be the greatest most elaborate ruse in world history. The convenience of the woman’s identity being attributed to that of “a merchant’s daughter” being no one particularly special, no Princess Diana to starve for details about. The ambiguity of her features paired with the generic abyss of her setting leaves one feeling that they cannot truly be sure of who or what they’re seeing. Nothing about the subject of this painting can be proven beyond educated speculation and “supporting” research. 

If Leonora is in fact Leonardo, I am sure of one thing, she smiles because she indeed knows something no one else does. I smile back at her and our eyes meet from wherever I stand in the room, and now I know what she has been hiding with such poise and care for so long. Her smile remains frozen as it would, but I read this as a smile of understanding and thrill of a shared secret. It may be just be my gift of seeing colours no one else can but right now it is more than that. She revealed herself to me, and now I too am painted with a coy smile because I know something no one else does.