John Matthews stood staring. The rain did not bother him. He had found his next victim. Across the street from where he stood was a modest two-story home. A light shone from the second story window and a slender figure could be seen occasionally passing in front of it. John's sunken eyes did not look away. They would not look away. Like a predator once it has found it's prey. He hardly even blinked. His countenance could be described as somber, practically emotionless. It did well to hide what was going on within.

"No one will even miss her, she's unlovable", said Disgust.

"Look at that stupid look on her face! We'd be doing her a favor!", exclaimed Anger.

"But what if someone comes looking for her?", asked Fear tentatively. 

"That's half the fun isn't it?", said Joy maniacally. Fear gave a half hearted "I guess" and shuffled off to his usual corner to worry obsessively over something trivial, like whether the door had been locked on the way out of the house this morning.

"She's perfect! We should do it tonight", said Anger excitedly.

Disgust nodded her head in agreement. Joy giggled in anticipation to himself, overcome by his own excitement. The only one who didn't chime in was Sadness. Then again, Sadness hardly ever chimed in. But today she was being almost uncharacteristically silent. She had been pacing back and forth behind the group, mumbling something under her breath repeatedly, deep in thought. 

"What's wrong with her?", asked Disgust.

"Besides probably everything?", said Joy sarcastically. Disgust sneered at this and threw her chin up in disapproval. 

"Forget her", said Anger. "She never participates anyway." At this, Sadness let out an audible sigh with a bit of a groan mixed in the middle.

"See what I mean?" said Joy. "She's not even very useful, if you ask me. I mean... what does she do anyway but complain and be a downer?"

Sadness continued to pace and mumble, seemingly unaware of their discussion of her only a few feet away. She was now near the large window that looked over the entire system. She stopped and seemed to be looking intently at something in particular. 

"Hey! Sadness! What's the problem now?", jeered Anger. 

Without turning around Sadness said, "Come look." The others gave each other puzzled looks and walked over to the window.

"Look", said Sadness and she pointed at a dark section in the distance. The area was without any sign of vitality.

"So what?" said Joy, "that's been there for years."

"But it's bigger now", said Sadness dejectedly. 

"You know what? She's right. It is bigger than it used to be", said Anger.

"That's bad, right? That's got to be bad", said Fear.

"So? We've been getting by fine without it all this time, anyway. It must not be very important", said Disgust with disdain. 

"But what if it is?" asked Fear fretfully.

"Shut up Fear!", fumed Anger. 

"All of you relax!" said Joy, "Disgust is probably right. If it was important then we would've noticed a problem with the system earlier."

"I guess", said Fear, mostly to himself. 

"Besides," explained Joy, "it's not like we really use the entire system anyway. Sadness, when did you first..." Joy stopped himself. Sadness was no longer standing next to them at the window. They spun around to see Sadness at the control console. Fear squeaked, Disgust shrieked, and Anger yelled something not quite English. 

Sadness was in control of John. She had him pulling out the knife from his pocket. The weapon he had used on all of his victims.

"Woah... Easy there Sadness let's not do anything we'd regret", said Joy calmingly as she moved slowly towards Sadness and the control console.

"This has to stop." said Sadness with determination in her voice. 

"Now Sadness, you know what would happen. You'd be destroying everything... all of us, including yourself" said Joy.

"And that's the saddest part", said Sadness and she raised the knife in John's hand and brought it hard across his neck. The others were upon her instantly, but they were not quick enough. It was too late. They tore Sadness to pieces as the alarms blew in the background and the command center came crashing in on itself.  