When they started creating online virtual worlds with no goals other than socialization, we thought nothing of it. Every year, the immersion became greater and greater. Gone were the days of the 8-bit characters, the 2D models, and even the simple augmented realities. The world had moved on to "something greater", as we always think it does.



We should have known that making characters wake up in their beds would be a bad idea, but it was all about the competition at the time. We wanted to be the first to make the next logical step in gaming, the next level of immersion, the next big thing. I swear it was the next logical step - it would've happened with or without us. We were just the ones to take it... or so we thought.


In order to log out of the game, you had to log into the game. It was a joke that one of the developers decided to add, but nobody can seem to remember who. When our game testers weren't able to distinguish reality from our fiction, we should have started to worry - and trust me, many of us did. We started with around 4,700 employees, but that number had dwindled to hundreds before we were done. The thrill of our invention got the better of us. Nobody could resist those profits. Nobody could resist the fame, the excitement, and the glory of being the first to invent something that would be this huge. That's what we told ourselves to sleep at night.



We made the game based on the experiences of our users. We only added the real people that they actually remembered, which was surprising few. We had to make them into NPCs in order to make them act and behave in the way that our users expected - it didn't even matter how these people would really act in the real world. It only mattered that we made them exactly how the user would expect them to be.



When we first set out to build a new game, we never realized that we were building a single player game. The intention was for everyone to be connected, but the technology just wasn't there yet.



On the day of the release, we couldn't determine whether we were in the game or in the real world. Did it matter at this point? Should we care? We shouldn't have released it at all, but someone had the bright idea of releasing the game in the real world and in the game itself - hedge our bets. The problem is, I'm not even sure if we can even call this game ours anymore. Which came first: the developers or the game?