The thought first came to me many lives ago. I dismissed it then as boredom. Now, hundreds of years later I seized upon it again, knowing it was my only way out. How many lives had I lived now? The years had blended together, my life a swirl of memories with no structure or sense to them. In what life was I the Duke? My 10th? Or was that when I was the Doctor? I certainly played golf with that German general when I was the physician...or was it an Austrian Prince when I was the chemist? 

I was immortal, true, but my memory was still as fallible as a mortals. If they could forget what they did on a certain week only ten years ago, how was I too remember what I did 400 years before that? All these memories, all these lives crammed together in my head. How often had I whispered the name of a long dead love, as I lay next to the women I called my wife at least for a short while. Soon she would be dead, and be but another memory. Her golden hair would become brown as I recounted her a hundred years from now, her blue eyes turned green, her warm laughter remembered as a playful giggle. 

The only way out was to end a it all, for me and for everyone else. But I would need more time. My body was past its prime, to old to carry out the task ahead of me. I would need a new one, a new life to properly execute my plan.

“I’m sorry,” I whispered to the sleeping form next to me, “Goodbye.”

I rose from the bed and walked from the room, into the kitchen. The knife I had used to carve the turkey for dinner still lay on the table. I took it in one hand, turning it so the point rested on my chest. There were worse ways to die, I knew.

“Another life,” I whispered, “One more life, dedicated to ending my torment.”

I closed my eyes and pushed. 

I feel to the ground, expecting to hit cold wooden floors, but instead felt a terrible wrenching force pull me back, a force I dreaded feeling every day for the past millennia.

Suddenly I felt my consciousness be ripped from my dying body, one memory at a time. The pain was unbearable, seemingly never-ending. I tried to cry out, but had no mouth to do so with.




And then I opened my eyes, and my scream of pain became a babies cry.

“A boy” I heard a voice say. 


One last life. I would end it all.