“NOW!!!!” I shouted at my teammate, Dr. Mandrake. We were both PhD students in time physics and mechanics at the University of Chronos, Virginia. The year was 2025, and we had been invited to the most prestigious university.

Though, since we joined, it seems that collection of a bunch of time students together enhances all the abilities. So since the evening of the first day, basically after orientation, I, Dr. Patrick together with Dr. Mandrake, we’ve been stopping crime in the city as well as evil alien monsters from invading our planet.

And that’s exactly what we were doing tonight. There was a giant octopus monster terrorizing New York City. A lot of our friends were sent in to fight this giant monster but had fallen to the wayside. Other super heroes from around the world fought and died fighting.

When we heard the news, we knew that we were the only two who could stop it.

That’s because Dr. Mandrake’s super power is to stop and freeze time. But strangely, and by some strange strike of destiny, on that fateful day in orientation. I discovered that when he demonstrated his power and we were all frozen. I was the only one who could continue to move.

It was a strange realization. I mean, when I was little, I would notice time stopping. I had been searching ever since I was 8 during that first time freeze moment, for how I could stop time. But I soon discovered that that was not my power at all. It could only be used in conjunction with someone else who could stop time. That was the beauty. It made me depend on others. I couldn’t be the independent loner that I was anymore, it showed me that I needed to lean on other people.

So, back to the story. When I shouted “NOW!!!” It means that Dr. Mandrake froze time right when the giant octopus monster was about to open his mouth and eat me alive. And in that exact moment, I continued to move and injected the octopus with a shrinking serum in 246 places on his giant body.

And when Dr. Mandrake unfroze time, and the octopus started to shrink, down, down, and down. All the way until we could stuff him into a glass jar and put the lid on. We poked holes in it of course so he could breath.

And that’s the story of how two PhD students saved the world. Now we just have to graduate college, but I don’t think that matters as much now. We have much bigger fish to fry! The possibilities are endless.