My parents told me I had to "grow up fast." They meant both that I had a manufactured maturity thrust upon me and that I needed to literally grow up quick. If I continued to look and act my age... Well, who knew what would happen? 
They told me I had learned things at a very young age, but I think everything I've ever done has been at a very young age. I am, after all, the youngest person on the planet.
I suppose that's mostly assumption. There could be other hidden children like me, whose parents were forced to pretend they'd never gotten pregnant, never given birth. Probably many people had done this since the worldwide decree. 
It started nearly a century ago. The worst part is, so many were right on the cusp, just at the end of their long and happy lives. They were ready. Ready for Heaven or ready for regeneration or ready just to feel nothing at all. Whatever they thought came after, they were ready to die. They still haven't had that chance.
At first, news outlets reported an unusually long stretch without deaths - a day, then two days. After three weeks, governments began declaring states of emergency. They simply didn't have the resources to sustain so many people - those being born and those who should have died weeks ago. All too quickly, medicines were running out; food was scarce; toilet paper no longer lines the shelves at supermarkets. 
China was the first to declare new children illegal. They'd had plenty of practice rationing out childbirth, and many of their citizens were actually on board with the measure. The country had always been overpopulated, and this was unimaginably worse. 
Other countries followed suit, some quickly, like Switzerland and Brazil, while others dragged their feet. The U.S., Canada and New Zealand were the very last to adopt the rule, but in the end, it was a worldwide order that no couple could give birth until death had been restored. 
Abortion clinics were set up on nearly every street corner, just like churches used to be. Many of the clinics were actually set up inside the churches themselves after people abandoned their Faith, wondering what God could allow this kind of thing to happen. 
Some resisted. These people were dragged kicking and screaming to the clinics, where their fetuses were cut out of them and trashed. But many went willingly. They either couldn't imagine a world even fuller than it already was, or they didn't want to put a new soul into the mix.
Birth control for both men and women became mandatory while other medications became unnecessary. With death absent and impossible, people needed to no longer worry about diseases like cancer or liver failure. They lost power to kill overnight. Other diseases, like diabetes, could still cause suffering - a lost foot, blindness - but they couldn't kill you. You'd go on for decades progressively getting worse and it would never, ever end. At least, it hasn't yet.
My parents didn't mean to get pregnant. They didn't even know they could. They're both inching toward 70, so they assumed it was impossible. Yet somehow, my mother started to grow outward and it was impossible to ignore. She was bringing a new life into this bursting world.
The abortion clinics had long been closed down. With birth control so ubiquitous, very few young couples ever got pregnant, and if they did, they simply had to see any run-of-the-mill doctor. They all knew the procedure like they knew what to prescribe for the flu. But my parents waited. They'd never really considered the possibility of an abortion. It had never felt real to them, and when it finally did, they found they couldn't bring themselves to do it. 
They aren't religious people. They never we're, even before people stopped dying. But my mother felt she was given a gift. A gift she had to keep secret from the world.
They hid her away. My father told people she'd broken an ankle nd needed some time to heal. People no longer earned wages, and instead simply shared everything they could (it wasn't like you could really wage war over resources anymore), so no one at work could have missed her.
She gave birth on a very cold November morning. It was dark. She screamed but my father covered her face with a pillow, unafraid of suffocation. 
I was, by all indication, healthy. They weren't worried about me catching something or rolling over and choking in my sleep. Really, I was very low-maintenance. For the first few years, they didn't even feed me. They already missed food, and I'd never had it, so what was I missing?
As I got older, I got curious. What was that thing they were putting in their mouths? It smelled good most of the time. And they seemed to enjoy it. So finally, they caved and shared some of their limited indulgence with me. 
They also spent most of their time teaching me. Everything they had in their minds and in books, they shared with me. 
They also shared Snickers, their pet of 45 years. After several years of no death, most vets had managed to get their hands on the animals to spay or neuter them, and those already alive simply stayed alive like the rest of the world. Meat was finally outlawed about 20 years ago when the debate over whether cutting up the animal and eating it actually meant the animal died reached its climax. The famous scientist/psychic James Oswlald claimed to have scientific evidence that the animal was still alive. Somehow. It didn't matter if it were really true. Hysteria set in and one by one, just like childbirth, eating meat was outlawed across the nations.
So Snickers was indefinitely part of the family. They told me about a time when dogs lived very short lives, yet humans brought them in all the same. The love was worth the heartache. We no longer had to worry about this heartache. 
Until.
I was just playing around. Knives were no stranger to me. It had spent hours carving shapes into wood and soap and clay, and I knew they couldn't possibly cause too much harm. Maybe a lost finger... But death was always out of reach.
I guess I wanted to test it. The way a child might put their hand on a stove burner moments after their father first tells them it's "hot." Thenchold doesn't know what that means. They don't know to trust their father, to take his word. So they reach out with their tender, growing skin and learn to never do so again. 
Snickers was lying next to me, and I was just so curious. I had never seen death, and I didn't know in a real way what it was. For all the knowledge they could give me, my parents couldn't give me understanding. 
It happened rather quickly. I just took the knife and plunged. There was blood - I had seen that before - and Snickers yelped and then lay still. 
I thought little of it at first. But several minutes later, the bleeding slowed and she wasn't moving. An hour passed. I stared at her, not knowing she was a corpse, and then I started to cry. I didn't even know why.
My parents came in and simply stood there, staring without expression at me and the blood-soaked body. 
I heard their hushed discussion that night, arguing what it meant and what they could even possibly do about it. They couldn't easily tell anyone or they would have to reveal that I existed.
They decided to experiment. Back about 80 years or so, it would have been considered morbid and immoral, and it certainly would have been illegal. But many such experiments had been tried and had failed over the years, and my parents felt blameless in their work.
They brought in other animals. Other dogs, frogs, cats, a squirrel, a fish. They each tried killing the animal to no avail. Then they turned to me. They almost reverently handed me each creature, like I was some kind of God and they were offering a sacrifice. Or maybe something to be healed.
It worked. Every creature they brought me was snuffed out. I used knives, rocks, the heel of my foot, even once my two hands. It always worked.
Then, one night, they dragged in a very old woman. She didn't appear afraid. Just confused. When I held up my knife, she almost laughed. But when I struck, she was shocked. She died with her mouth wide open in something between awe and fear.
They tried so hard to keep it quiet. But the woman, Rose, was quickly missed by others in our neighborhood. Questions were asked. Word got out about my parents ushering her in. Rumors of my existence swirled. Two and two was put together. They figured me out.
The first request came in quickly. It was another very old person who had been ready to die so many years ago. I didn't want to. It felt like the murder my parents had described from long ago. But the man's eyes were so sad. I could see that this would be a kindness. I just wish I knew how to make it painless.
After that, many others came to me. Mostly older people, but every now and then a young person would come to our door requesting my touch. I stopped hesitating. Everyone had their own reasons. I didn't need to knmow what that reason was. 
After only a few months, I had killed nearly 200 people, some from across the world. That was when the media picked up on what was happening, and it was only a matter of time before a government stepped in to claim me. 
My parents had lived long lives. They were old and tired and ready. Knowing that it wouldn't be long, they asked me to do them one last favor. How could I refuse my own parents? The last thing I saw of them was the sadness in their eyes.

Now, I am kept in a cold, windowless building. Every day, more people are brought before me. It is a joyless existence, one I may end one day soon. But for now, I tell myself I am giving a gift to the people of the world who have lived too long in this world. A gift I alone can give.

