I stood on the edge of the ship, my last hopes of peace leaving me. The arms of large men pushed me forward as I tried in vain to save myself from endless pain. My foot was now off the side of the ship and my mind new what was happening for suddenly my life was stretched and reminded, every decade flying by as a millisecond. 
I remembered when I first realized my condition. It has come as an instant realization one morning when my wife could no longer get out of bed. I realized that I had not aged in the last twenty years of our marriage. It became obvious when I took her to the hospital ten years later for a heart attack, and yet I hadn’t aged a day. Marissa realized this too. She knew that it was tearing me apart to watch her sink into oblivion, holding on for what used to have been, so she let go. She checked herself into a nursing home and got a divorce. It was the kindest thing anyone had done for me. Five years later I was standing by her casket telling her about this gift she had given me. 
Then I remembered my kids. How they had died in my arms when I was in my 140’s. All three of them died within five years. All of them wished me luck on my journey into the future and said that I would never be alone, and yet I had never been so alone. 
Then I remember when I signed up for the US military. Basic training was a breeze because I knew that I was immortal. When I landed in China I was relieved to have something to do, something to make me feel normal again. I became close friends with my new brothers against my gut feelings. I only knew my brothers for two years before my base was bombed nuked into the ground. I crawled out of the rubble into a radioactive wasteland. My skin melted and reformed on my body as I stumbled headlong into a Chinese convoy. I was tortured for five years before an American nuke incinerated my captors but not me. 
After the war the world was not the same. Millions had begun to flee into space when the US government finally found the “invincible man”. They kept me for an eternity or a day. There is no way of knowing from that windowless room.
One one day someone came for me. They killed my captors and sent me up with the rest of my countrymen. 
And then I came back to the present. This was a hundred years after I came up from Earth. I had been running for decades.
As my last foot was pushed off the end of the platform and into the endlessness of space I became resolute in my new goal. I would no longer run. When I am one day found and am brought back to humanity I would be part of it. Maybe my curse was a gift and a calling. It was about time that I listened to it.

(note) sorry about the lack of quality. I ran out of time