New York City; the so-called City of Dreams. A place where the most famous of heroes and infamous of villains reside. For 20 years, this place has been my home. It's ironic, really. For a place you call home, you'd think I'd want to be a triumphant hero and try and save it. As much as I love this place, I've hoped for so long to see it crumble and die. I've grown bored. Bored of this world, bored of the games of cat-and-mouse, bored of everything. 

The way things are, there's a hierarchy of supers; the top being the strongest, and the lowest being the bottom-feeders. For 15 years, I've stayed at the top, though I've never claimed the throne. Ever since I was young, I've been exponentially strong. My parents were even frightened of me. So much so, the government had to be involved. I was experimented on, tortured, almost raped even. Until I had enough. They made me see things I never wanted to see. They almost made me witness the murder of a young girl, seemingly innocent of crime. That was the straw. I hadn't ever killed anyone before. In a mix of fury, blood, and gore: I escaped with the girl, leaving the government facility in ruin. Though I never saw her again, the girl vowed to find me someway.

When word had broken out that I had caused so much carnage, you could bet many heroes and villains either wanted me dead or joined with them. Every offer I declined ended with the other guy dying. Added to the body count. Human blood is surprisingly lighter than you'd imagine. Human bodies can also take a lot of abuse, if you really make them suffer. At a point, it got to be more for the fun of it than to protect myself. I started experimenting with different methods of torture and killing. The quick methods are only so fun for so long. The ones that make them scream, that make heroes and villains alike wish for death to come as fast as possible; those are the ones that I strive for.

After a while, I got bored. I faded into the background. My legend of death and destruction would continue to spread, a copycat villain tried to emulate me, although quickly taken care of. I became the reclusive maniac, fee people knowing of my existence. 

Currently I now reside in Long Island under the name, Ashton Denham. No one would bother me, aside from one or two heroes who wanted to take me in. They're usually disposed of quickly. However my home remained the fortress of legend for the monster villain who killed, tortured, and maimed up to 30 heroes and 15 villains. I always expected someone to come and meet their fate.

One day however, I received a strange visitor. Her name, Maria Rosaline, or as she commonly known, Heartbreaker. I had a little obsession with her at a point, though, I wouldn't say I was crazy for her. At least, not then.

She appeared on my doorstep one day. As soon as I opened my door, I was greeted with a healthy serving of a knuckle sandwich. I stumbled backwards, covering my nose and groaning in pain. "Ow! What the hell, you bitch?!" I yelled in aggravation as she walked closer. "I finally found you, Ashton. Or should I say, Ruin?" She said with a smirk. I sighed and charged at her, kicking her through the wall of my house. "I've heard a great deal about you, Heartbreaker. Why have you come to me and not some other villain?" I asked. "Because I need to do something." I scoffed at her generic answer.

Maria wasn't weak, but compared to myself, she sure as hell wasn't strong. I'd seen her on television and in the paper a few times. She was an average superheroine with your normal set of skills; flight, super speed, enhanced agility and strength, stuff like that. She even carried a shortsword for extra measure. Her main 'gimmick' I suppose, is her finisher, which is able to literally break the heart of whoever it hits. Its definitely effective from what I've seen, but even with that she's still no match for me. 

Maria groaned in pain as she fell to the ground, using her knee and right hand to support her body. She got a few good hits in, but it was obvious who'd win. "Tell me why I shouldn't kill you, like the rest." I asked as I stood over her, a gash on the side of my stomach and a cut on my cheek. "B-Because..." She caught her breath as she stood up. "None of them had the feeling for you like I do..." She said as I cocked an eyebrow before she suddenly tackled me down and kissed me. My eyes widened as my lips met with hers. I couldn't bare myself to part from her. Her lips were gentle and she was insanely beautiful, though I wouldn't say that to a girl who punched me in the nose as a first impression. After a bit, I held Maria's hips and kissed back. I couldn't deny myself of her. I felt my heart flutter and beat again when she kissed me. It was like... Like I was finally getting something I denied myself from for such a long time. I wanted her. I needed her. 

As she pulled away, I panted softly. "Why...?", was the only thing to escape my mouth. "...I don't know. I just... wanted you." She responded, with a soft voice as she blushed. I didn't care if she was a hero. I didn't care if I was a villain. I wanted to love her. I smiled genuinely for the first time in what seemed like ages and kissed her again. She saved me. That is, until I felt the ground rumble around us. I pushed her off and quickly got up to find the threat before I was punched far from Maria. "Ashton!" Maria yelled out before she was grabbed by the throat. As I recovered, I looked up to see a familiar face. 

My mentor, Reign. I never knew his real identity. He sighed and shook his head looking toward me. "Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. With all the power you'd been given, you do nothing with it? I'm disappointed, my protegè." He said as a sword materialized in his hand, from the earth. He was able to construct weapons from metal embedded underground, thanks to his manipulation of metal. "And now, some little girl tries to take you own. This should be quick." He laughed as he stabbed Maria right in the stomach. She yelped in pain before she was dropped to the dirt, a pool of her blood forming beneath her and staining the grass. 

The only thing I could do was watch as he impaled the one thing that made me whole. The one thing that finally made me see what I'd wanted and needed. It was ripped away from me. And now, no one would be at my mercy, not even my master. I ended him quickly. He didn't deserve an honorable death. I made sure to humiliate him for everything he'd done. Taking an eye out of a human skull is surprising easy. Of course, I made sure none of this was visible to Maria, who I quickly rushed to, my hands covered in blood. 

I chuckled as I held her in my arms. "I'm a monster... Why would you ever want someone like me?" I said before she smiled, reaching out and lightly putting her hand on my cheek. "Even monsters can be saved... Even monsters can be loved. You saw it in me when you held my hand as we walked out the facility." I was dumbfounded. This woman was the girl I'd saved from the facility. Tears swelled in my eyes. "No... No, you can't die! There's so much I want to do with you! So much I want to talk to you about! Please..." I pleaded with her to hold on a little longer. I begged for her to just stay strong and be with me till the end. It was all in vein. "I'm glad... That my last moments... are with the man that I love... Thank you." She said before she drew her last breath, leaving behind an enchanting, beautiful smile, and a tear streaming down her face. I hung my head and started sobbing.

Another added to the body count.