i'm still here? What the fuck what the fuck what the fucccccccccccccccccccccccccck?

who the fuck has recollection of me. I followed the advice from other fellow ghost. 
And just fall into a slumber when you wake up you will be in heaven or hell but a new paradise we like to say. There is no garrentee that there is a hell a god we saw no grip reaper just became this "astral beings" my thoughts on what we are.

No one knows why if we sleep for a good hundred years we go off onto the after life. when i first came to this new reality new existence of me I met a jolly fellow man. not my words its what everyone called him it what he calls himself. He happy as a ghost he has a big family. his family traditions. they celebrate his death. He goes every anniversary to his death. 

He decided not to slumber and  because he wanted to be there and greet his family members when they die. Many of us ghost jolly good man or say jolly fellow
he the first ghost we meet who not insane and scary he help many ghost turn a new leaf making us not confused and scared of are situation. He not frighten of the unknown. Jolly fellow told me about the other ghost he said most choose to slumber. 

he told me i should slumber but he said if there was anything i want to do as i ghost first.I couldn't say anything its was hard for me to speak i tried so desperately the harder i try to say something the harder my tears fell. i was whimpering holding my cries in. i was like some newborn baby. i was crying since the start of the talk with jolly. this whole time he had a big jolly smile on his face. its was the most genuine sincere smile i ever saw. i can tell he wishes to warm my heart my soul. whatever it is that i am.

he could tell i was someone who had nothing.

his smile went away he hold me close and began to sang.

Over in Killarney 
Many years ago, 
Me Mither sang a song to me 
In tones so sweet and low. 
Just a simple little ditty, 
In her good ould Irish way, 
And l'd give the world if she could sing 
That song to me this day. 

Chorus: 
"Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, Too-ra-loo-ra-li, 
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, hush now, don't you cry! 
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, Too-ra-loo-ra-li, 
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, that's an Irish lullaby." 

Oft in dreams I wander 
To that cot again, 
I feel her arms a-huggin' me 
As when she held me then. 
And I hear her voice a -hummin' 
To me as in days of yore, 
When she used to rock me fast asleep 
Outside the cabin door.



I fell asleep fast, i never felt so loved before. 


(I'MA STOP HERE I HAD A PART I WANT TO GET TO BUT I DON'T WANT TO WASTE MY TIME WRITING THIS. ALREADY HAVE THE STORY IN MY HEAD. THIS IS A GOOD STOPPING POINT TO ME. IDK IF THIS IS GOOD OR NOT.)