I was just on my way to work. My really unrewarding job of answering angry callers asking, or I would rather say, screaming about extra charges, late fees, balance discrepancies and the occasional 'what's my credit balance?' question. 

I hate it but it pays the bills. 

Six months of irate callers probably made me immune to screaming people or the angry tone of voice just register as background noise. I didn't pay attention to the man on the other side of the road shouting at me while crossing a busy intersection. 

I've always wondered how it would have turned out if I just listened. 

Now I find myself flying in the air as a car slammed into me. I know that I was crossing on a pedestrian crosswalk and I know that the light was green so there was no reason for me to be thinking about my death while be while my body contort into unnatural figures. 
I slammed back of earth but continued to skid and roll for about a dozen feet before I come to a halt. I see a red streak marring the street and knew that it was my blood. I was about to die.

Strangely, death seems to be painless. I guess I died to quickly for the pain to register. I was lying face down with my left arm cradling my head and my right was bent behind my back. I can still feel my legs but I have no compunction to look at them. They probably look gross. I saw them bend and break inward when the car's bumper smashed into them.

Does your perception of time speeds up when you die or your brain just goes into a slow death? I feel like it's taking some time for me to kick the bucket. 

I wish I had the chance to scream at some of my callers. You know, just to be able to tell them how buying things more than your credit allows is stupid. That they're stupid. That my job was so stupid. 
but no, I had to die right now. In this street that I pass every weekday. Going to a job I hate. Staring at blue concrete. 

Wait. Blue concrete. Why is it blue? 

I haven't moved since I suppose that was what dead people are supposed to do so why am I seeing some blue?
I tried moving my eyes and wow, I can move them. I notice that the blue tinge is actually originating from above my current sight line so I tried lifting my head up and wouldn't you know it, I am able to do it. Without pain. Incredible. Why is my dead body moving? if this is death muscle spasm then I'm probably doing it wrong. 
Might as well take advantage of it. 
I straightened out my neck a bit and looked at the blue light that so confused me and saw that it was coming from my arm that was pillowing my head a moment ago. 
I should be freaking out by now but I'm more concerned that something blue is radiating from my arm. 
From what I learned from TV and artists renditions is that hell is supposed to be the color of fire so I should be seeing reds, yellows, and some oranges.

Blue is not the color of fire.

I'm going to heaven? Well, that's a surprise. I don't even give change to the homeless and last week, I took a picture of my co-worker who was all kinds of hot and masturbated to it. 

I have a thing for curvy girls with bob haircuts. 

I was liking the idea when a stray thought pierced my fantasies. 

Is the gates of heaven manifesting on my arm? If it is, it's a pretty small one. Maybe they are making such a small opening just so they can say that they don't want my there. Yeah, that's probably it. They don't need Customer Service Representatives in there. They probably have better trained, motivated, well-paid people there. 

I kept staring at my arm until the blue light became more intense so much that I had to squint. It went super nova bright for a moment that I had to close my eyes but it suddenly stopped so I opened my eyes slowly, afraid of being blinded by the light.
The blue light was still on my arms but it's now comfortably dim. What was not comfortable was that it formed into words.

"However long it takes, save us"

What?

Save who? How am I to save anybody when I'm dead? In fact, why me? I was contemplating the fact when I remembered that I was still on the street. 
If my arm wants me to save someone well, I can't do it while I'm decorating an intersection. My head and eyes work so maybe my body does too?

I tried to get up when sudden popping noises emanated from my body. It felt like my insides were moving on their own. It was a weird sensation but not painful so I got on getting vertical. 

I stood up and looked myself over to see the damage. 

See, the thing is about getting hit by a car is that it is a massive piece of machinery hundreds of pounds moving at x amount of speed while you the victim, is a flesh bag of bones, muscles, and blood. 
You generally lose when both man and speeding machine meet. 

I was untouched. 

My clothes were shredded but my body is all in one piece. No scratches, cuts, or even a blister. 
I tugged on my pants and yep, my pecker is still there. Sweaty and smelly. 
I lifted my arms and rotated them just to see that even my arm hairs are on point. I dropped them and looked at my legs. 
They look fine. My pants have more holes than cloth but my legs are there. Not bent. Well, they bend but they do that properly. 

I marveled at my condition for a few moments and considered that being dead isn't so bad after all. I look great, I feel alright, and I have something to follow. I don't know who "us" is but at least I'm not roasting in hell with Hitler as my best friend. 
I decided that I was amazed enough so I looked at my left arm again to see if the words were still there. 
It hasn't left and I still don't know what it means. 

Time for me to look for some answers. 

I looked around me and I suddenly stopped. I blinked a couple of times to be sure. I tried shaking my head to check that I have no loose screws around or to make sure that my brain is still floating on its liquid not draining on the street somewhere. Nothing has changed. 

Everything is frozen. 

Not ice frozen but nothing is moving. The car that hit me is still careening through the street. The driver has a horrified look on his face. 
People around were stopped mid-movement. I see some people were in the act of running while some were listening to a priest apparently doing a sermon in the middle of a sidewalk. A mother and child were just sitting on the street. The mother embracing a small girl who looks to be crying. The tears were levitating on air. 
The street is lined with clothing and electronic stores. This is a popular spot for people to burn some cash but I never found the over-priced items sold here appealing. The place looks too posh and classy for my wallet. 

It doesn't look that way now. 

Store windows are broken. Some stores are even on fire. One store at the end of the street looks like it is being ransacked by a mob. I guess everybody wants the newest phone that was just released a couple of days ago. I can't see any of the staff that normally work in these stores and everybody looks like they are panicking. I know for a fact there that the hot lady that normally stands in front of the lingerie store is not there. I can never forget a good pair of ta-tas 

I stopped staring and walked off the street. I found myself in front of the display window of an appliance center. It has a huge TV showing a news broadcast before time decided to take a vacation day. I stared at the headline and was stunned.

"Rouge Planet on Collision Course with Earth" 

I can see that even the studio is in chaos. The anchor looks haggard and paper were strewn all over the set. A person could be seen lying down in a fetal position on the floor at the back of the set. 

'How could I miss this' is all I could think. Now when I look around, it does seem like people are running away from something. 

Now I know it is a big something. 

Has my morning routine become so... routine that I didn't know that the world was ending around me? 

Apparently so.

My morning is pretty standard. I wake up, cook breakfast and eat, groom myself and be out of the house in less than an hour. I don't normally watch TV because the news just depress me. I listen to music while I day dream on my way to work because the day will be a day full of suck so might as well go in with happy thoughts. 

I was contemplating the idea of not being so socially detached when I heard a voice behind me.

"Hello Miguel. We have to talk"

I know that voice. I hate that voice. I closed my eyes, straightened up and turned around to face the man who torments me on a regular basis. 

James Fucking Duval. 

My supervisor. 

