Half a pound of pressure. That’s all it would take to doom the world. My fingers trembled on the key, my wrist ready to turn it the final thirty degrees that would end humanity as we knew it.

“What are you waiting for?” General Hammill asked, his breath at the back of my neck.

The alien mothership had landed. Five years of war and they had at last declared victory. So humanity was about to unleash the nuclear option of nuclear options. When all our world ending devices and weapons had failed, we turned to Cthulhu.

“Lieutenant,” General Hammill said, his breath growing hotter, his voice louder. “The other nine have already given confirmation. Turn the key.”

His voice echoed through the steel hull of our nuclear submarine, each echo a gentle prod to my hand. Turn the key. Turn the key. But my wrist remained still. Nine others had already made the decision and now it was up to me. If I could go back in time, I would’ve had immediately turned the key. While the other nine only approved of Cthulhu’s release, the tenth would physically release the monster. And I couldn’t.

“Sir, this is the end game. If we do this, it’s all over,” I stammered.

General Hammill stood a whole head taller than me with a neck thicker than my arm. His dark eyes honed into mine like a Hawk eyeing its prey and his lips curled into a frown. “Lieutenant, you have been given a direct order. Release Cthulhu.”

Honestly, I had no idea why I was given such a responsibility. I was a navy grunt who had spent more time cleaning submarine bathrooms than fighting wars. I had family that I wrote to regularly and a girlfriend that dumped me as soon as I joined the navy. Somehow, in my Captain’s eyes, that had warranted me a promotion.

My wrist turned ever so slightly. What would Captain Monroe do? He was always a man of action, always knew exactly what to do and when to do it. Unfortunately, in wars like this, more extermination than war, men of action were the first to die.

“Lieutenant,” General Hammill spat. “Earth is lost. We lost it. Now there’s no way in hell I’m giving those alien bastards the satisfaction of walking on our land and swimming through our seas. This is humanity’s middle finger to them.”

“But maybe…”

“Maybe what? Maybe we haven’t tried everything? Maybe a hundred million soldiers haven’t already died fighting? Turn the key.”

I swallowed. Sweat dripped down my neck and my heart kicked against my chest. It wasn’t just the turning of a key, it was the destruction of humanity!

“Lieutenant!” General Hammill moved in front of me, his face flush and fists closed. “You have been given a direct order by the acting leader of the United States of America. Now I don’t know why Captain Monroe put a panzy who’s never even killed, but I do know that disobeying my orders is high treason. Do not test me!”

I stared at my feet. Every time I glanced up to see those dark eyes like bullets aimed at me, I darted my gaze back to the floor. “It’s because I’ve never killed,” I said, the words barely audible to myself.

General Hammill got right in my face so I couldn’t even stare at my feet anymore. “What did you say?” he demanded.

I looked up, swallowed, and said, “It’s because I’ve never killed, sir. Captain Monroe told me that’s why he needed me holding this key.”

The general’s face contorted into a snarl. “I don’t give a shit if Captain Monroe wiped your ass for you and tucked you into bed every night. You were never supposed to have that key. Turn it before I do it for you.”

“No.” The word left my mouth before I had even thought it, but as soon as it did, I felt a swell in my chest and my next words came louder. “To me, Captain Monroe is a god damn hero, sir, and he gave me a responsibility. I will not turn this key.” And I pulled the key out.

In a single motion, General Hammill pulled his pistol and aimed at my head, his finger twitching on the trigger. For the longest seconds, only the ship’s creaking hulls and whistling pipes resonated between us.

“Put that key back in, Lieutenant.”

“The key’s attached to my biometrics, general. Even if you have it, only I can turn it and I’d rather die before turning this key.”

“Don’t you understand the war is lost? Can’t you get it through that thick skull of yours?”

“But humanity hasn’t, sir.”

General Hammill stared at me, his jaw agape and eyes wide. “We lost with the war.”

If I knew anything, it was that Captain Monroe was a hero and that he died fighting until his last breath. Humanity would not die any other way. And so I inhaled a deep breath and for the first time, my voice boomed through the nuclear submarine.

“If you believe that, then you’re not fit to lead our army, *sir*.”

The general took a single step back, his mouth moving, but no words coming through. His gun dropped. Then, the first soldier of our nuclear submarine, a man that used to leave toilet paper on the floors so I could clean it, stamped his feet together and saluted. He wasn’t saluting our general, he was saluting me. Then, the second did. The third. Soon, every soldier around us stood, their backs perfectly straight, their hands stabbed into their foreheads as they stared at me with burning eyes.

I said to them, to the general, to humanity itself. “Heroes far greater than me have died so we could make it this far. Giving up now is a travesty to them and every hero who had ever lived. We might lose anyways. This might all be for not. But until then, humanity doesn’t need this monster to stick our middle fingers up to those alien scum. We can do that ourselves.”

---

---

/r/jraywang for 200+ stories 