I breathed in deeply through my nose, the gag in my mouth made it difficult to breathe otherwise. I looked around the familiar room I found myself in. It had been awhile since I was here, in this place.  The dirty walls, the concrete floor, a single light fitting hanging from the ceiling only slightly illuminating the room in a cold white glow. Simple, yet effective, I thought to myself. I tugged on the rope binding my hands and legs, keeping me tied to the chair I sat in. They were tight, too tight. Amateur, you never make your victims too uncomfortable. You want them to keep their minds on their situation and nothing else. It’s all about the psychology, this game. You want the victim to panic, you want their mind to race. It’s all part of the fun, at least it used to be. I’d got out of this a long time ago. I made it out, not many do. I’d killed my last victim, and they never found a single body, therefore they never found me. But over time, I grew a conciouscience. I grew to regret what I’d done. All those lives, gone. All to satisfy my bloodlust. This isn’t the time for this; I know what I’m here to do.


The heavy metal door swung open, and in he walked. He was quite a skinny man, short, unattractive, creepy almost. He looked to be in his late 20’s, but I knew exactly how old he is. He wore a white shirt, black trousers and a black tie, obviously giving off the professional vibe. He stood there, confidently staring with his black, soulless eyes. He held a black suitcase in his right hand, and a pair of long black gloves in his left. After a moment, he strode over to a metal table stood against the wall by the door. He placed the suitcase on the table and began to put on his gloves. He then opened the suitcase and pulled out a long, plastic dark green apron which he pulled over his head and fastened behind himself. He then turned and walked out of the room, only to briefly return with a metal chair, much like the one I was sat on, and he slammed it down in front on me. He then moved towards me, and removed the mouth gag, throwing it on the floor. I took a few breaths as he sat in front of me in the chair. He leaned forward and began to stare intensely, as if analysing me, weighing me up. We sat for quite some time, just staring.


I knew exactly what he was doing. He was giving off that psychopath impression. It’s all part of this big act to mess with my psyche. The attire, the silence, the suitcase, gloves and apron. Even the time he left me to sit and think before entering. There is nothing more powerful than the power of the mind, and he was attempting to harness the power of mine to instil fear and panic in me. I used to do this myself, exactly this. But I know these tricks, I perfected my craft over decades. The mind is a beautiful thing, but it can be your worst nightmare. I really should have killed him by now, but this is fascinating. How often does a man get to experience this? My curiosity is getting the better of me, and I like it. 


“Are you comfortable, friend?” he whispered in a voice I can only describe as chilling. He smiled slightly, “I hope you are, we have quite the night ahead of us”. I stayed silent, I wanted to enjoy this spectacle before me. “Do you know who I am?” He asked. I simply looked back at him, and nodded. “Ah, so you have me at a disadvantage then. You know me, but alas, I don’t know you. You looked interesting to me, so I brought you here to have some fun. Tell me, what is your name, friend?”  His soft, calm voice would almost be soothing if it wasn’t for the piercing, dead stare. I replied “John”. “Ah, what a lovely name you have there John. I too, share this name. See? We can be such great friends, John” he beamed. Ugh, this acting is abysmal. It’s one thing to torture your victim with an elaborate spectacle, but to put them through this is something else. He continued “So, friend, want to know what game we’re going to be playing?” he stood up from his chair and walked over to the suitcase still lay on the table “of course you do. You want to know why I’ve brought you here. Well, I prefer to show rather than to tell. It’s all part of the show, you see. And you, you have a front row seat!”. He turned, brandishing a Stanley knife and a beaming smile “Firstly, we will start with your eyelids. Wouldn’t want you to blink and miss anything now would we?!”

 I looked him calmly in the eye “Aren’t you going to give me any adrenaline first? I’m an old man; I may pass out, friend”.

“What?” he asked, squinting his eyes inquisitively.

“You always start with the adrenaline; I learned that the hard way. But you haven’t figured that out yet, so I’m helping you out. We’re friends after all, right?”

“Who exactly are you, John” he asked.

“Well, that’s the interesting part, John. Take a guess, who do I look like?”

“You look a lot like Father, that’s what attracted me to you. I wanted the satisfaction of killing him again” he snarled back at me.

“Yes, killing Father was so sweet. But no, I am not him.” I replied, as I stood up from the chair. “Your knot tying skills are lacking as well, but they will improve, friend.”
He stood back, looking up and down my skinny, short body in shock as I rose. I could see the rage building inside him, I felt it too. I always felt it, but I’d learned to control it. I’d learn to take pleasure in calm. He had a long way to go yet.
“What is this? Who are you?! Answer me!!” He screamed, clearly having lost control of himself along with the situation.
“I am you, John.”
His eye twitched “what the fuck are you talking about? Tell me who you are?!!!” 
I could see the rage inside him. He wanted to lash out. He isn’t used to this, losing control like this. He doesn’t know how to handle it. He likes being calm and in control. 
“You think you can be like this forever? Of course you do. You think you’ll spend your life killing and you’ll never get caught. You think you’re invincible. I have to admit, in these early days, we were very lucky. But over  time, my skills improved and I came to master my craft. Killing is easy now, cleanup is easy, hiding evidence is easy. It’s all second nature. You’re right about one thing, I never was caught. Not by the authorities anyway.”

“SHUT UP AND SIT BACK DOWN IN THE FUCKING CHAIR BEFORE I SLICE OUT YOUR FUCKING TONGUE!” he screams at me, coming at me with the knife. All these years, all this killing, of course there were times I had to fight, there were plenty of times. So I sidestepped, and landed a blow to his temple as he came towards me. I grabbed him as he fell, unconscious, and placed him in the chair I was previously sat in, before tying him up and gagging him.


He was out for longer than I expected. But no matter, I’ve waited a long time for this already. What’s a few more moments? Finally, he awakes. His eyes widen and dart around the room before landing back on me. He struggles in his bonds, he tries to speak. It dawns on him, he’s at my mercy now. 

I lean in and whisper “welcome back, friend. I missed you”.

His eyes are wide and fixed on me, he continues to struggle. He keeps trying to speak but all I hear are muffled sounds. I slap him around the face “stop! You cannot escape. Believe me, I’ve done this enough times to know you have no way out. Just accept it, this is happening.”

He stops. He looks at me, and leans back in the chair. I begin.
“Earlier you asked who I am, and I told you I am you. I was not lying, I am you from 40 years in the future. 40 years of brutal murder and suffering. But we aren’t the same, not anymore. I regret everything I’ve done, I regret everyone I’ve killed. And no, I never was caught by the authorities. They never found a single body; they never had a shred of evidence. I have walked the street a free man filled with guilt for all these years. I know you feel the guilt as well. You reason it’s normal, but you enjoy this too much. The guilt builds John, it builds until it overtakes you. You will fall into a deep depression, and your killings will become more sporadic. You will hit the deepest, darkest depths of your own mind. I did consider killing myself, many times, but it won’t save anyone. It won’t undo the terrible things I have done. That’s why I’m here, John. I’m here to kill myself, and undo all I have done.”

John tried to speak in response, he desperately tried to speak. I removed the gag; I wanted to hear what he’d have to say. “Bravo! Bravo you fucking imbecile!” he retorted “You think I’m stupid don’t you? You’re trying to mess with my mind; this is a mind game on a whole new level. I like it, I really do. I’ll use this on my next victim, right after I’ve killed you!”.

I shook my head “No, John, this is real. The way Father treated us, what he did, it made us like this. But Mother…” he cut me off “Don’t you speak about Mother!! DON’T SAY ANOTHER WORD ABOUT MOTHER!!” he screamed, tears building in his eyes.

“Her love and kindness prevailed John. Her sweet, gentle nature came through. The way Father made us, he made us do these things. But Mother came through; the part of her inside us broke free and prevailed against the cruel nature inside us.”

John continued to cry, tears streaming down his face “How could you know?! How do you know Mother?!! How?!” He blubbered. I will save this poor and broken soul.

“That’s why I’m here John. I’m here to free us. I’m here to save you. This will all end; all the pain and suffering will end. I promise you, we will be free from this”

**The finale is in the comments**