Elení is dancing in the middle of the palace. Her bare feet make fast little steps on the mosaic floor.  Oh, the hours I spent making up all the patterns of grey, red and black stones. So delicate. Elení loved it the first time I brought her here. And she still does. The rhythm of the patter of her feet makes a nice soft echo in the large chamber. Her red dress swirls around her flapping and waving so gracefully.   
  
I wake up from and odd sensation.  
It is a sort of tickling feeling in my abdomen. I sit up in my bed and try to determine what it is that makes my stomach feel this odd.  
I realise I need to open my eyes. The faint light in the room feels uncomfortable and stings my eyes a little. I reach with my hands for my stomach. My arms feel so slow and heavy.  
I do not know what to look for in my stomach. The skin is fine, and there is nothing on there that could be tickling me. I feel so weird and unfamiliar with my own body. I miss the effortless way I moved around with for five hundred years. The floating, the flying, and when Elení could persuade me the dancing.  
  
I look up because I hear something, and see John walk in my room.  
"Good morning Stephan. Did you sleep well?"  
I don't really know how to answer him.  
"I suppose."  
"I had a hard time adjusting as well. I remember that I had wet my bed the first night." He says with a chuckle.  
John was woken up a few months before me. He has adjusted just fine in the future. He speaks the odd language of the people here. Some words sound familiar, but I cannot make sense of it. John is my interpreter.  
"We should get you to the toilet, and after that you should get some breakfast." And John helps me get up, and escorts me to the room to do my business. 
  
Over breakfast I ask him if he ever misses it.  
"I miss the food most, actually." He says as he eats a few of the seeds and nuts provided to us.  
"I mean bacon, eggs, a nice grilled cheese sandwich. Oh, and chocolate. A Mars bar. Hmmm..."  
"No, I mean being frozen. Do you ever miss being frozen?"  
He looks at me confused.  
"Just the serenity, no bodily discomforts, no loud noises."  
"Do you mean you... you were awake?" His face turns pale.  
"You were not?" I ask him.  
I feel lightheaded.  
"No! It was just like going into surgery. One minute I was in the tank, the next I was woken up into a brand new world. I mean, that was just as planned. But, what happened to you then?"  
I tell about the panic I felt the moment I realised that I was still awake. And how I had gone trough a whole lot of emotions and memories, regrets about my life, and I had panic attacks.   
And how I had begun to accept my fate, and how I came up with Elení, and the life I had with her. The worlds I had fantasised, the buildings I had built in my head, the journeys I had taken Elení on.  
When I stop talking I realise John is staring at me in awe.  
He just sits there motionless.  
I fabricate a nervous little laugh.  
"Jesus..." He whispers.  
"I know." I say.  
As I reach for a handful of nuts. 