I expected Niflheim. I hadn't died a glorious death in battle, which was to be expected of most of my kind these days. There would be no Valhalla or Folkvangr for me. If I was lucky I could avoid falling under Hel's purview, but I had my doubts.

Hel was waiting for me, and my heart sank. However, she smirked as I approached, and her voice spoke to me like rusted iron sheets grating together. "You hope to avoid my domain, mortal. Hope that you have lived honorably enough not to serve me. Is that right?"

"Yes," I replied hesitantly. This felt like a trap. Of course it was a trap.

"Of course you do," she continued dismissively, as if not hearing my answer. "Most mortals come to me in dread, fearing my judgment. It is not my judgment you should fear, but that of the one you have harmed the most, the one with whom you broke frith and oath, the one you have most harmed and dishonored."

It was then that I quailed. "I am to face the person I hurt the most?" I felt cold, and not simply because of Niflheim's chill.

Hel inclined her head imperiously. "Proceed through the gate if you dare, mortal. Or stay outside in the cold darkness."

I steeled myself. I had made my choices in life. They were difficult ones, and I had regretted so many of them. The ones that had hurt others, I had made willfully; I knew the crimes of which Hel had accused me, and most of them were ones I would commit again if given the chance, even knowing that I would serve until Ragnarok.

Who awaited me behind the gate? What foe would I face? I paused, trying to imagine who it might be. The faces of dozens of friends paraded before me, those whom I had wronged, who had walked away from me. So many burned bridges I imagined, all of my own doing. 

So too did the faces of partners loved and lost. One, Rachel, who had beaten me half a dozen times in two years, haunted my memory. She had done me immeasurable harm, and I her. Another, Sam, had borne the brunt of the fallout of my worst relationships - three years of emotional abuse and sharing a home with the dark cloud of my depression. It was only after her that I had begun to come out from under that cloud and to fight back against the darkness inside of me.

No, as cruel as I was to these people, there was still worse. My parents had abused me, beaten and insulted me, shamed me through my childhood until I could barely stand to look at myself in the mirror. My sister was their prized one, while I was flawed and sick. None of my achievements could compare to her. So I had walked away from them, cut contact between my old family and my new one. Still, to break frith is a great crime, and I had broken it harshly and coldly, without remorse. There had to be an accounting for that.

But no, it had to be my son, whom I had failed countless times. He was born when I was barely more than a child myself. Neglected for years of his life by both of his parents. I was more absorbed in the violence his mother showed me than in being the caring father I had sworn to be - an oath I had broken thousands of times. I lost myself in that dark place, and my son had suffered the most for it. Even after I had begun to come out of that dark place, I feared to fight against his mother, to give him a better life. He grew up in a place of neglect, grew to learn values that were not mine, and we had inevitably grown distant. My oath to him had been broken. Our frith had been shattered. And it was no one's fault but my own. Those were choices I regretted, and by the time it was in my power to change it, it had already been too late.

Fine, then. If I was a coward in life, at least let me be brave now and take the accounting that was due to me. I pushed against the door, to face the scorn of my progeny.

But the face that awaited me was my own. My heart froze in ice, then thawed just as quickly. Of course. Hel's accounting was poetry, to be expected of the daughter of Loki.

"I should have expected this," I said to myself.

"You should have expected this," my own visage replied back, with my own mocking smirk. I felt dizzy.

"You're going to tell me now that my worst crimes were against myself," I said, predicting the lesson.

"There is nothing to tell you that you don't already know," said my own voice, in grief and sorrow. "But if it satisfies you, I'll do it anyway. You made stupid decisions when you were but a boy, and then spent the rest of your life punishing yourself for them. You broke frith with those who had broken frith with you, and hated yourself and all of those around you for it. You did great harm to your children, your lovers, your friends...but it was all a punishment to yourself. It was all to push them away. There could be no warm and loving shelter for you, only the cold of being distant from those who might have accepted you, given half the chance. You were your greatest enemy."

I nodded through it, tears streaking down my face. The guilt crushed me, an enormous weight that I had been aware of all my life bearing down on me like the weight of all the world. "What will happen to me now?" I choked out through my tears.

My copy's expression eased. "Your brethren in life warned you against Hel, not because you would be punished, but because her domain is for those who punish themselves. You brought yourself great suffering, and that suffering is Hel's domain. She understands you better than yourself, as does Loki. There will be no suffering here that you haven't already felt."

I understood. Hel had been forsaken too, as had Loki. Their choices had condemned them. Who better to have sympathy for me than them? This place was not a place of punishment for my crimes, but an asylum where I would continue to punish myself. I had an entire lifetime to forgive myself...and an eternity to understand that I hadn't. I strode forward, ignoring my reflection, embracing the cold truth, and the colder darkness of Hel.