A rather androgynous figure stands behind a great stone desk, intricately carved with names you and I would find impossible to pronounce.  It spreads outwards in both directions, infinitely long, growing darker and darker in the endless vault.  Besides a few gaps close to the figure, the great stone carving is infinite.

It wears a tight fitting robe as black as a raven, thin spindly arms crossed over an equally frail chest.  Its breath rattles spews outward, creating a thin vapor that swirls with a mind of its own.

Today is not a good day.  Most days weren't good days.  Hard to find value in your work when you've been at it since the dawn of time.  If you asked the figure why, it wouldn't be able to provide a concrete answer.  It simply wasn't a good one.

Same thought as yesterday, and the same thought tomorrow.

It sits on a marble bench behind the desk, preparing to review a great worn scroll, yellowed with age and decay.

Unfolding the parchment slowly, the figure reads the first few names, committing them to memory.  Hopefully the interns had set out the correct hourglasses for it to flip.

Out came another long and involuntary sigh.  This newest batch seemed to be a bunch of favored sons and daughters of higher angels, and this always annoyed it.  That's the problem with heaven; the nepotism.  

When the angels aren't doing that annoying praising and brown nosing the big man, they were fucking each other's brains out.  

There honestly wasn't that much else to do up here.

Footsteps clack their way towards it, down the long arched marble hallway.  Each wall bearing massive shelves, reaching ever upwards, a name and soul tied to an hourglass.  When your times up, the glass is flipped.  You stay in heaven or hell for your allotted time, and then got sent back to do it all over again.

The monkeys never learned their place, that's for sure.

The figure approaching is tall and slender, golden faced with several sets of wings.  Mom must be a big shot, since that's how wings are passed down from generation to generation.  The more wings the better, though he hadn't seen this many in awhile.  What was this one's name?  They all seemed so interchangeable and half the time they showed up late or hungover.

"Good morning," beamed the figure.  

Okay.  Not hungover.

Not in the mood to respond, the dark one strode past, scroll tucked into a front pocket.

It wandered down the hall, the figure behind it following like some kind of lost puppy.  Interns tend to be more bother than help around here.

Soon it came to the case bearing today's chosen, and the dark one pulled out the scroll again.

Double check the selected row.

*Wrong row,* thought the dark one to itself.  *Figures.*

"Who was in charge of selection?" rattled the dark one, voice like the clacking and snapping of bone.

The bright figure pursed its lips, looking upward in thought.

"Aedonis, I believe."

"He's fired.  This is the wrong row."

The dark one knew the right row now, and handed the scroll to the bright figure.  

"Place this on the desk, and if you open it I will personally send you to Dis."

The figure grabbed the scroll and trotted away, though the dark one was unsure if the briskness came from fear or eagerness.  Angels are hard to read.

Approaching the correct row, the dark one raised a single arm, and in unison every hourglass rose into the air.

It mumbled the usual pair, and at random, the glasses began to flip at random intervals, corresponding to the individual's time of death. 

*Pretty packed row today,* it thought to itself.  

*Somebody must have fucked up somewhere.  A war?  A pestilence?*

The dark one wasn't sure, and had lost its curiosity long ago.  It'd have to ask one of its siblings for the truth, but didn't care enough to dig deeper.  Didn't matter.

On the return to its desk, the bright figure could be seen behind it, holding something.

The dark one narrowed its eyes, moving faster now.  Each footstep making muffled clicks on the stone below.

"What are you holding, boy?" it snapped, already annoyed by having to put in the paperwork to hire a replacement.

"I'm a girl," the figure said, but the dark one paid no notice.

"It's an hourglass," she continued, peering over it.

"I found it under the desk."

Gingerly the angel handed it over, and already the dark one could see a disturbing irregularity.  

The thing is sideways.

That shouldn't be possible.

The dark one read the name etched on it.

*Rachel*

No last name, no identifying marks of any kind.  Close inspection of an hourglass can usually give a biographical description of the subject, but nothing was etched into it.  Just a name.  

Impossible.  There had to be another seal on this, masking the identity of the human.

"Where did you find this?"

The angel shrugged.

"It came out of nowhere.  Slid right out of the scroll."

The dark one brushed aside the angel, dismissing it.

This was bad.

This was really, really fucking bad.

The intern's heritage must have some guardian angel in it, since touching the scroll must have undone a seal so powerful even the dark one couldn't access it.  Who had cast it?  How had they managed to steal this from the dark one's possession to do so?  And most importantly, what human possibly deserved any kind of divine protection like this?

Nepotism and favoritism, and sheer fucking privilege.  This little shit had no idea it had unwittingly broken a powerful divine seal without even trying.

The dark one pushed that thought aside.  Someone hid a monkey's soul in the dark one's own Scroll of Names.  That idea kept recurring, the most disturbing of all.  If someone slid a name in, how many more were there?  Were names being altered and fates being undone?

Someone was trying to keep a monkey alive.

The dark one frowned, looking at the hourglass.

Today just got a lot more interesting.

It wasn't sure who it could trust, certainly no one up here.  Angels were a deceptive kind, but the dark one knew someone on Earth who could probably uncover the truth.

One of the old ones.  Unaffiliated with the big guy, one of those earlier mistakes made that hides in the deep and wet places of the world.  A few were still puttering around down there, and their time still hadn't come, much to the dark one's annoyance.  Those were the only beings the dark one could fear, the vast majority of the residents of heaven could do nothing to harm it.

The old ones, though.  Different story.

That had been a mistake by the one who apparently couldn't make them, and if the humans thought their old testament God was brutal, they hadn't seen shit.  Those purges were hands down the cruelest ever known, and the dark one still remembered flipping entire halls of hourglasses, the greatest extinction there ever was or shall be.

It sighed, returning to the present, knowing it would need to take a human form.  It hated flesh, spongy and weak.

There wasn't another option, it seemed.

Rachel was under illegal protection, and the dark one would have to interfere.

Didn't the monkeys learn?  Didn't any of these arrogant shits up here learn?

No one escapes death.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
r/storiesfromapotato