He had picked up the quirk from an old girlfriend. Her grandmother had always picked up pennies if they were face up and made sure to flip them over for someone else if they were face down. The thought of leaving some good will for a stranger if he couldn't earn it himself through a good luck penny always appealed to him and he picked up the same habit.

Running late and impatiently checking his watch for a second time in a few moments because he didn't really look the first time.

"Is this train coming or not?" he breathed out to himself while sticking a piece of nicotine gum in his mouth. A fellow passenger bumps into him and as if they were having their own individual conversations to one another, mutters, "oh, it's coming, it's coming" and wanders off towards the edge of the platform.

The traveler being jarred back to reality looks past the woman that nudged him and sees a single copper penny on top of the trash can near a support column. He heads over to it to toss the gum wrapper away and get a better look at a little luck.



He sees a very dingy and corroded penny, but the side facing him is tough to discern. "Must be a foreign currency" he says, speaking to no one in particular.

He lifts the coin up and casually inspects it to attempt to decipher which side would be 'face up'. Turning it over in his hand he sees that the reverse side is in much better shape, but he doesn't see the face as anything he has seen before on a penny, even though it has a familiar look to it.

The train is finally arriving and wanting to get a closer look at the unfamiliar coin, forgetting the bad luck he might bring by not leaving it face up for someone else, he stuffs it in his jacket's breast pocket. 


Climbing into a car on the red line, he sees the woman who had run into him asking a seated passenger a series of questions. "... you believe LeBron has been to the finals so many times in a row? What's that now, four or five? Crazy right? I can't believe there's another election coming up, feels like it was only yesterday that Trump and Clinton were facing off. Historic election indeed. Do you think he'll win again? What if he....", the traveler walks out of ear shot to find a seat, and after figuring he will be about 5 minutes late to his meeting if all goes well, pulls the penny back out of his pocket.


Flipping it over to see the face again, he notices that it is a US coin. "What the hell, 2044? Is this some kind of..." his face freezes. He brings the coin closer to his eyes. 


Most will never seen themselves cast in metal, etched in stone, or similarly enshrined. But here the man looked closely at the metallic visage of... himself. The chin, the lips, the hair, and the eyes. Those were HIS eyes. A strange sense of panic and otherworldliness overcame him for a moment before he looked around the train car and hoped to see this as some kind of prank. Feeling like there was no one else looking at him, save the lady still quizzing passengers around her with odd current event trivia, he turned his attention back to the coin. 


He reached into his pocket and seeing no signal on his phone from being so far underground, he snapped a picture of the penny and composed a message to his assistant asking him if he thought the portrait looked like him and moved it to his outbox. 


The man gently opened his wallet and placed the penny inside, looking at it again, surprised that he didn't notice just how much the face in the coin looked like him as the first thing, he tucked his wallet back in his pocket and stood up to be ready to exit the train as it slowed down for the stop.


The woman who had been running a focus group of fellow begrudging passengers stood by the doors just as the train slowed. Happy that she was picking a door further down the car to wait, the man started to go over the meeting he was going to be late for in his head.


Walking into his building and stepping into the elevator, he sees the same woman from the train walking into the lobby just as the doors close. Breathing a sigh of relief to not be stuck with her again, he tries to focus on the meeting, but his thoughts only go to the penny. Reaching into his pocket to withdraw his wallet to look at it one last time before getting to the conference room, the doors to the elevator open 15 floors before his. Looking up the traveler says, "hey, I didn't expect you to be down here, I figured you'd be upstairs waiting for me. Still, glad to see you and do you have the..." his assistant cuts him off. His face set in a look of determination and his jaw clenched. The elevator doors close and it begins to move. "I got your email."


The assistant reaches out and grasps the man around the neck with both hands. Surprised to say the least, the traveler begins fighting back and they're thrashing about the elevator. 12 floors before stopping.


He punches his assistant square in the left eye to little effect. Kicking and pulling at him doesn't seem to deter him any. 10 floors. Rushing towards the elevator door and slamming his assistant into the aluminum causes a slight loss of grip around his neck and allows the man to gasp for a small amount of additional air before going right back into the fight of his life. 6 floors.


Falling to the ground, the assistant now plants his knee squarely on the chest of his boss, expressionless until he sees the redness of the traveler's eyes, a sign that he's heading towards unconsciousness, then a slight smirk starts to appear at the corner of his lips. 2 floors.


Reaching up towards his assailant, the man tries to push his thumbs into his attacker's eyes. Even this does little to phase him, and he opens his eyes even wider. 1 floor.


Trying to twist away and get just any amount of air into his body, the man tries to push his legs against his assistant when the doors open with a ding. Hearing others scream in the background at the sight of the two men locked in combat causes the attack to slow for just a moment, giving the man a chance to grab the pen from his pocket and stab it into the hand of his attacker. He scrambles to his feet, gasping hard and coughing, trying to drink in every molecule of air that he possibly can, he dizzily stumbles towards the open door, and is tackled from behind and rolls forward towards the glass fence that encircles the upper lobby and looks over the building's atrium. Turning to look he sees his (now former, obviously) assistant pull the pen from his hand and throw it over the glass to the marble forty floors below. 


The glean in the assistant's eyes changes from anger to the calm that comes with completing a difficult task, as he charges at the man, ready to push him over the edge and send him to the same fate as the pen. 


At the moment before impact, the traveler sees the woman from the train, closing rapidly, pushing him down while getting underneath the assistant. Using his own momentum, she expertly throws the attacker up and over the glass. 


Dazed and still trying to take a normal breath, he manages to get out between coughs, "what the... who are you?"


Kneeling down, the woman leans in close and puts her hand on his shoulder, then whispers, "you're already late, and this meeting is very important."
