He was the current Caretaker.

He was getting on in years, and soon he would have to pass the mantle to his young apprentice, as his own teacher did with him, as was done probably from the beginning of time, and would be done again and again, until the heart of the world stopped beating and all was plunged into darkness and death. The individuals changed, but the world was safe as long as a Caretaker existed. So had the Gods decreed.

The world was a ring. On the sides, and also under many meters of soil and at the deepest places in the sea, the holiest artifact, the metallic shield the gods made protected the People from the Void.

The ceiling was similar, but bright light shone from it, dimming at regular intervals, and by the grace of the benevolent Gods coming back to its full brilliance when the People were rested.

Philosophers postulated that the increasing times of darkness in recent years were a sign that the Gods wanted them to rest more, and the end of the world would not be soon, if ever. There was some debate on that last part, but the writings were clear at least on one thing: 

As long as the Caretakers taught the People, and the People listened, all would be well.

Much had been forgotten or lost. The monolith in the central square of the city was made of a stone of great strength, that People of old could create from a wondrous mud. That mud had long ago run out. No more "Concrete" would ever exist. At least it had done its most important task.

The caretaker walked to the window. The monolith loomed in the distance, visible from the privileged position of his home. A rougly cylindrical slab taller than two People and equally wide, it was erected where the most could keep watch on it.

He wondered fleetingly if there was a chance it was empty. Maybe he should try to break it and find out?

Panic gripped him. The Void had clouded his mind, the Usurper was there and as strong as ever!

"Article 31: The Caretaker ensures continuity between generations, and the proper distribution of specialties and materials for a safe journey and to promote colonization  readiness" he recited in the monotone of a mantra said too often.

Details were scarce, but the gist of it was this, as told in the oral history of the Caretakers:

Countless generations ago, the Usurper had tried to make the People stray from the path the Gods had laid out. How exactly, it had not been preserved, but he usurped the mantle of Caretaker and led the people for a long time.

Too long.

He would not age. People would die old and frail, and he would still be there unchanged, to teach their children as he had done to them and their parents before them. 

He tried to fool the People that Gods did not exist, when his mere existence was proof of the contrary. As generations went on, more and more knew better than to believe his lies. Then, one day, his hold on them could be no more, and the truth was too strong to hold back. They did what had to be done... and they were saved.

The light of the Gods seemed to flicker for a moment, but he knew it couldn't have. He saw wrong. This happened more and more often. He was too old. The new caretaker needed to take over soon.

...

In the geometrical center of the ring that was the world, way above the ceiling that was the sky, a control chamber stood untouched for countless years. 

Red lights blinked all around the chamber, while some green lights could be found among them. 

A screen showed the indication "T+649662" and as the environmental lights dimmed below, changed to "T+649663".

The generational colony ship slowly continued on its orbit around the terraformed planet, as it had already done for much longer than it had ever travelled.

Inside the monolith, the genetically modified immortal that was meant to help the culture and knowledge of Earth stay alive in the new colony, himself lived on - if this was living.

He screamed silently and eternally in the absolute confinement of a concrete prison moulded by his body. His mouth was open and his throat filled with more concrete, his eyes stuck open but with nothing to see, his mind long lost to madness. 

High above, one more green light started blinking red.