I opened my eyes for the first time, not a care in the world nothing inside not one ounce of emotion. I see a small box laying next to me without a spot of dust; my name is engraved on the front. It is a simple box with a tiny lock and in my right hand lays a small key. 

Looking out the window I spot a few others but somehow I was different. I saw the corners of their lips perk upwards and downwards along with everything in between. They too carried boxes with their names engraved on them; they seemed protective over their boxes not letting anyone inside or touching what was so rightly theirs. 

Call it instinct but it seems as if the others were at war with each other taking whatever they can find and stuffing it in their box; even if it meant another's expression changed, like something was torn from their life. I opened up my pitiful box, it startled me as some green shimmer was inside. I looked out at the others and I wanted what they had. I wanted it all to be mine and that is when I realized I felt envy that green shimmer grew slightly in my own box it was mine. 

Naturally I figured they all grew and I would just happen upon another in time, but that was not the case. I found more green shimmers on the ground; I found out my envy wasn't mine someone had put it in their before I drew my first breath. 

I opened my box as I walked outside hoping people wouldn't mind sharing. I felt like that is what we were supposed to do. I happened upon someone with their lips drooping towards their chin and I asked for what they had I wanted to feel. He eagerly threw this dark black putrid shimmer in my box; with one fell swoop  I had seen his lips lift a little and mine seemed to fall into nothingness. 

Depression. It hit me like a ton of bricks and all I could do is fall backwards onto the ground letting the weight nearly crush my entire existence. I had dropped my box leaving it ajar next to my limp exhausted body. I saw a few people pass me by not giving me a single look as they went upon their merry way. I felt useless I couldn't even get this right; everyone gets this right look at them standing and me a pitiful pile of trash laying right there. 

I passed out from exhaustion I believe at least but I awoke with my heart racing and my whole body shaking, I felt as if I was insane. Panic set in as my mind ran through every possible inch of my existence and then my depression kicked in directing my panicked thoughts to reasons I should end my life. Anxiety. I had never really cared so much about every aspect of life and then also had no interest in it. So many conflicting emotions, so much stress out of just a couple little glimmers.

My body shot up and I ran inside leaving my open box outside; within seconds of realizing it my mind was already beating me up. I saw someone drop something white and shiny in and all I felt was relief at first; I mean how bad can white be? I had never felt so wrong in my entire life. My body just felt an overwhelming desire to make everything perfect. I started scrubbing every inch of the shack I woke up in my body began to work against itself between the anxiety, depression and compulsions, I couldn't even fully function. 

Weeks go by and more shimmers of random spectrums of shimmers fill my box so many thoughts. Fear, Sadness, Betrayal just to name a few. I just wanted it to end so I just pushed myself upwards and I stumbled out of my door. I plopped down on the ground after a few steps right next to my box. Sweat dropped down my forehead as people watched me in horror. A knife in my right hand I would reach over and dig it right into my other arm. 

Almost everyone just stood there and watched except you. You rushed over to me holding my wrist as blood poured out. You started digging through my shimmers and ripping them in half taking them and putting them in your box. I will always remember how small your one shimmer was but it seemed to shine bright and it felt so warm. You ripped it in half and you gave me it. I will never forget you. 

I awoke a few days later with you by my side, I could see some sadness on your face right away. I tried to take out your bright shimmer but some of it was stuck there. I noticed that you can't get rid of your shimmers some of it will always stick in your box. I kept your shimmer because you asked me to, but there is a new shimmer slowly appearing now. It stems off the one you gave me. 

I love you for saving me from myself. I love you for bearing some of my pain as your own. You are stronger than me and you build me up, so I will love you forever Vincent no matter what.

P.s this is me c: I hope you enjoy.