I found the 21st century to be, in a word, hollow. Technology everywhere, entrenched in everything, feeding us with information we either didn't understand or didn't really care about. It was pervasive, like an infection. That combined with the fact that it was seen as "enlightened" and "intellectual" to not believe in the gods lead to that hollow feeling. For most people that belief wasn't based in any logic or reasoning: it was just trendy. There are probably millions of people that I've affected over my tenure that, if they knew the truth, would think otherwise. These two things seemed to dehumanize us. I would know, I've been around long enough. 

&#x200B;

I always felt like there had to be more. There had to be something mystical and strange that was out there that we just couldn't see anymore. I got my answer. After college in the U.S. I took the summer and some months to go to Europe. Pretty typical, another trendy thing to do. I had a goal, however. I wanted to find ancient pagan sites, altars and relics in Eastern Europe. It took me a while to find anyone who would entertain my adventurous attitude, but once I did I found myself thick in old forest. 

&#x200B;

Me and my guide, basically a bored professor with nothing else to do, found a couple of sites. Mostly decrepit, but there was one deep in a cave we found with an altar. Most of the items there were worn down, but the ones made of metal survived. I stood in awe, taking in every detail. The professor told me not to touch anything. I ignored him, obviously. This is what I came here for. While he wasn't looking I snatched a small talisman. Made of metal, it looked like a hollow diamond with the top 1/4 cut off and the lines sharpened to points. A horizontal line cut through it just below where the center would be, and above that line a fully fulled diamond shape connected to the bar across. 

&#x200B;

When I got home, the visions started. At first slight, random things. A dog at the corner of my eye that wasn't there, progressing to things like people with dark eyes and sharpened teeth, or my room walls covered in thick blood, all gone with a blink. In my dreams I began to hear a voice. Whispers at first, muttering gibberish. The voice sounded sickly, really hanging onto vowels and raspy with a sort of lisp. Then one day while awake, I heard a voice, clear as day.

"Hello"

 I looked around and saw no one. I ignored it. Par for the course compared to the visions. It then spoke again, crystal clear.

"I certainly hope you're not ignoring me, *defiler*."

"What? Who's there?" I replied, frantically looking around.

"You know who I am. I've been speaking to you for a while now."

"Wha-what in the fuck is going on" I said mostly to myself rather than to the entity. 

"Clearly your mind has had a tough time getting used to my presence. Allow me to introduce myself, again, now that you are in a more understanding state. I am Chernobog, the Black God." The voice said. It was clear, articulate, and very measured. 

&#x200B;

I thought the visions were crazy. I thought the voices were crazy. I thought I was going crazy. Now I knew I was. 

"Oh you are not crazy. You simply aren't as alone as you once thought." The voice said, reading my thoughts. I asked the entity why I could hear him, and what he wanted with me. 

"You have desecrated my sanctity, you have defiled the defiler. You are the Blackened One. I must say your mind is exceedingly strong. Most I commune with lose their sanity within days." 

"What have I done? I haven't desecrated or defiled anything!" I pleaded, my mind racing to think what I had done. I couldn't remember, I just went to work everyday, sometimes the pub on weekends. I didn't have too many close friends, no girlfriend. I was utterly average. Unless...

"Yes" Chernobog said, exceedingly elongated. "The talisman. You have stolen my sigil, and now I shall punish you accordingly."

"Punish me?! Ok, ok, ok. I'll take it back to the altar, I'll return it, I'll do whatever you want!"

"I think not. My usual plagues seem not to affect you, so I have something special in mind. You shall walk the Earth, hollow and alone. Across forests, and wastelands, you shall walk through time, until time stops. I free you from death, and thus I steal your humanity.  You shall live an endless life, in futility" He cackled, and I could feel him withdraw from my mind. 

&#x200B;

1/2