"I assure you, it is" says the gate agent.

I check my phone and see the current date. My license is not expired, but, not wanting to cause a scene, I yield.

"Sorry, I must have read it wrong.", I reply.

The crowd goes back to normal and business continues as usual. The gate agent answers, "these kinds of things happen all the time." I begin to turn my body and accept it as another unfortunate event. These things do happen all the time, but more to me than anyone else I've ever met. I put my wallet back into my pocket and feel my passport. My passport! Of course! No more bad luck! I know it's valid. I turn back to the agent and present it. He grabs it from my hand and tosses it behind his back. The kindness in his eyes has turned into indignation. I resist as I am wrestled to the ground by him. I feel a sharp pain on my head and then black out.

I awake at home, in bed. Was it a dream? I'm so confused. I look for the clothes I wore to the airport but I can't find them in my room. I search the apartment high and low, but I can't find them anywhere. Maybe, it was just a dream but where the hell are my clothes? I can't find my keys, my wallet, or my phone anywhere.

I walk over to my desk and turn on my computer. I search for articles about any recent disturbances at the airport. Nothing. I place my head in my hands and breathe deeply. What happened?

I finally accept that it was a dream. I never went to the airport, I just had an intense and oddly vivid dream. Time to start piecing life back together, I think to myself. I look up information to start replacing everything in my wallet, sending cancellation requests to all my credit cards and finding out when the DMV was open to replace my license when suddenly I had an epiphany; I have locations services for my phone! I log in and find it's location. I print off directions, dress, and run out the door. Maybe I'll find my keys!

I come to a rather normal looking office. No one is in the parking lot, and it looks empty, but the lights are on. I try the door and it's unlocked. I walk to the receptionists desk and find the computer is unlocked. I once again login to track my phone. I'm in the right place! I make my phone ring from the site and I can hear it very faintly. I follow my ears to a stairwell.

As I descend, I feel a rush of deja vu. I've been here before. It's possible I'm just feeling strange because of my dream and day, and while I know that most offices are uniform, I can't shake the feeling that I've been here before. I come to a door at the bottom of the stairs and the ring is getting louder. I charge through the door as my phone stops ringing. 

I look to the right and find a wall full of lockers. I try the one closest to me and I find an outfit I think I wore in a dream where I blew a tire on my way out of town. I remember talking to the to the tow driver but I can't remember what he had told me. 

I try the adjacent locker and find a cracked bicycle helmet I wore when I dreamt I was biking on a trail through the woods. I was approaching the creek that separates our town and the city when I slid out of control and hit a rock. Luckily, unlikely as it would seem, a stranger was passing helped me to the main road. I remember talking to her but don't remember the context. I feel myself getting more anxious. I have to get out of here.

I try the next locker over and I find clothes similar to what I wore in my airport dream. I pull them out of the locker. They feel heavy and warm. I smell them and recognize my cologne. I reach into the pocket of the pants and find my phone and passport. A loud noise startles me and I turn to face it. A large display descends from the ceiling, small squares showing what looks like security cam footage. I see myself by the tow truck looking at my car. I see myself biking through the woods and crashing. I see myself arguing at the airport. My heart is racing. All the times I've tried to leave home, collected on the screen, shown to me, and everyone addressing me in unison proclaim "these kinds of things happen all the time". Suddenly, the display flickers and I see myself looking at the display. I turn and see a camera on top of the lockers.

I run past the display and fling the door open. I run up the stairs and toward the lobby. What is going on!? Am I in Hell? I open the door to the lobby and see the kind stranger that helped me in the woods. I look left and see the tow driver approaching. I look right and see the gate agent walking toward me. I scream at the top of my lungs and kneel. I wait for what felt like an eternity. 

I open my eyes and I'm in bed. What happened? Was it a dream? I grab my phone off of the nightstand. I've overslept and I'm going to be late! I rush to the train station. I hand my license to the gate agent. He apologizes and tells me that my license is expired.