I organised to have his artwork ridiculed. His ideals had to be crushed, any thought of beauty in art destroyed. This was required to forge the man I was to kill.

I was there to push him into military service. Little nudge here, little nudge there, ensured a lack of other work, allowed the promise of fame and glory...

I funded the Nazis and pushed for Hitler for party leadership. I orchestrated the inception of the Gestapo. I rigged the election and put them in power. Buoyed by the 'popularity' he and his party were receiving he whipped up a genuine nationalist fervour and really made some unexpected improvements across Germany. 

I spent time forging intelligence in surrounding nations, adjusting economies, created propaganda to ensure they were taking notice. Notice they did.

Hitler by this point was on a roll, and aware of the hungry eyes of his neighbours he built his military might. He invaded his neighbours, one by one, and the dominoes fell... From here on out it was without any real adjustments.

He was an unstoppable devil! Every success made him push everything further! I had nothing to do with the work camps, the gas chambers, or any of that stuff. He'd acquired all the right sorts of people to really figure that on their own. It was superb! Millions- MILLIONS perished! I couldn't believe what my eyes were seeing! I had created a juggernaut of death and destruction! Not only that, I had also created the single greatest unified opposing force in the (then) history of man! So many nations were signed up to fight against them. It was *spectacular*.

I was to find an inventive way to kill a lonely, failing artist who altogether wouldn't have much impact on the world. Previous champions had built Rube Goldberg machines across all of time and kicked them off by altering orbits of micro asteroids at the birth of the milky way. They played the long game, they were patient, methodical, and precise. And incredibly boring. It was so *dull*, seeing these people fast forward billions of years, giving the highlights of their plans over a half dozen or so. The entire affair was only tolerated because people had all the time in the universe. What else was there to do but do things slowly?

I wanted real time action! I wanted things to unfold as they watched! I wanted them to be afraid to miss what was going on! They hadn't felt any urgency in countless eons, they hadn't felt the anxiety of not having control, or be faced with something- anything- that they couldn't fix. 

I turned a kind, worthless, inconsequential man into a someone who made a difference. I made him *matter*! I made a man who was worshipped and feared by millions! I burned his dreams to the ground and built atop them a legend to survive the ages! A mark, a *stain*, in time which could not be erased. I made a name synonymous with power. With terror. With evil. I MADE HITLER.