I entered The Rig, as my troop had so lovingly nicknamed it. It was a process, entering, and exiting The Rig. It was a small airtight facility, a long tunnel where we had to suit up, and down, two at a time. We adorned masks, suits, spray guns, other essential gardening tools. 

We were part of a special Ops, Hort-OPs. It's just a military term for horticulture operations. Here in Baghdad we garden. I shit you not. When I got drafted, I was scared shitless. Then they briefed us. We were all confused for a while. But it was easy work, got great pay. The few of us who were botany majors were actually excited at first. 

Ajors and I got suspicious. Ajors, a bench pressing anti-government sonuvabitch, started asking too many questions. Honorably discharged, something about schizo. Ajors was the most clear minded guy I knew here. Everyone else just follows orders. Sprays the cauchodills, some poisonous, intrusive, beautiful flowers, and goes back to The Rig for dinner. Close their eyes, and do it all again the next day. 

But today, I got brave. And now I'm back to being scared shitless. 

I followed protocol. De-suited, took a chemical shower. It's supposedly safe chemicals, but now I'm thinking otherwise. My hands shake as I wrap the towel on my lower body. In our bunk room I change, thinking about who I can trust. 

Raelen, she's another who studied botany with me. 

At dinner, I sit next to her and she smiles. 

"Sunday they said we could take the day off," She declares, happily shoveling the gruel into her mouth. 

"Rae, can I tell you somethin'?" I whisper. 

"Of course." She replies, putting her plastic fork down. 

"Today, towards the end of the day, something happened." I look down at the plastic lunch tray. 

"Ok...?" 

"I took my glasses off. We're not sprayin' flowers. We're spraying people. Children. Women. Men." 

"You know, that Texas drawl makes all the crazy stuff you say sound a lot less crazy." She rolls her eyes and continues eating. 

"I'm not joking Rae. You went to college for this shit, too. You know that these plants we see everyday are not natural. And if you took the damn glasses off you'd see they're people," I realized my voice had risen, and glanced quickly around the room before lowering it again, "Rae, this is serious. If the government is having us kill people, under the guise of weed control, there is something seriously wrong here." 

"Cooper, would you please shut up. Seriously, you're going to get discharged." 

I clamped my mouth shut, picked up my tray, and took it to the trash, making my way to the bunks. 

I was going to figure this out, with or without anyone's help. 