Time is a wretched beast. Before they figured it all out I only wanted more of it. Now I realize I’ve probably had enough, but just can’t bring myself to leave the party respectably. It’s the not knowing. They have a solve for everything but the after, and that’s why I’m waiting. I heard in town they’re considering legislation to jail those who won’t go. I hope they do. I’ve seen and done just about everything, as unseemly as that may sound, but jail would be a first. Perhaps an adventure! I don’t think it will come to that. Science progresses at a much faster pace than politics can control it. 

Every day there’s a new story about someone being pressured by family, friends and even clergy to leave this earth. I remember when God looked down upon such things. People, eh, they’ve always been another story. I have one great niece and some acquaintances who’ve made subtle remarks. Really, it’s all of society that feel they have a claim on my beating heart; it’s they who tell me I shouldn’t bother waiting for the sun to burn out, that I don’t deserve it. Propriety be damned, what a sight that would be. I want to see everything thrown off its axis; to see those who would judge me staring down the gnarly faces of space and time eating each other. I chuckle at these thoughts when I’m in the shops buying my little cakes. 

The way I see it, I never asked to be here. Two people I barely remember met and liked each other just long enough for a singular, spectacular conception. We’re all big bangs–Chaos at its finest. When I see kids today I think, Why do you deserve it more? How do people know I’m not superior to these drooling tots, that my best years aren’t ahead of me still? Harold the Great. Great*est*. I’m in pretty good shape for 500. That’s why I have The Plan. 

Centuries ago plenty of the young and stupid just happened upon a brilliant idea to live *off the grid*. The archaic term sounds silly to my ears now. But I’ve got everything planned: location, food supplies, mini-gen, and shelter to last at least another thousand years. I’m leaving tomorrow. No more looks in the shops, or hints from a niece whose face is always a big, dumb question mark. 

Rising early, I made my way to my palace. It being mine, I can call it that. Settling in and popping a cake into my mouth I ran through my plan to make sure I left no stone in the wrong stream. I burned my house down before I left, after making an arrangement on my port with a gentleman more than ready to go. Perhaps he knows something I don’t. It was a small price for freedom. No more threats of people coming for me when all I’ve done is live. All I want to do is live. Maybe not long enough to see the sun for the last time, but as long as I say. Now everyone will be pleased. As they used to say so very long ago, this is a win-win for everyone. 
