
It was a dark dawn. Winter, 2040. Some teenagers were bullying a kid on the street where I lived.

Some people passed by, saw it and decided to intervene.
"Stop it! Bullying is so wrong!" 
"Yeah, why the fuck are you still bullying people? It is fucking wrong! W-R-O-N-G, wrong!"
"Are your parents idiots or what? Don't they fucking tell you bulling is wrong? That what make you idiots too, little idiots!"

The blaming went on for ten minutes until one of the teens broke into tears, and then another teen broke into tears, and then all of them started to cry.

"We're sorry." said one of them, sobbing.

"If I ever catch you do it again I will hit you, for real, hit you. Now go run for your mom and don't cry in front of us, you fucking deserve this, shitheads."

Off went the passengers.

I was there watching all along. I knew and believe that bullying was wrong, but felt sorry for the teens. I was under the same sort of fire for my smoking habits. There was even a quitting campaign directed exclusively at me and it was harsh. So when the accusing crowd wandered apart, I reached up to the sobbing bullies.

"Hey kids, you recognize me?"
"You are that stupid moron who still smokes."
"Well that's uncalled for. But this is why I relate to you, kids. I know how you're feeling. But you know what, fuck what everyone else thinks. I smoke because it makes me happy. And what could be the worst consequence? Cancer is so curable now that I literally have nothing to worry about. Those judging crowd are just idiots because they're stilling holding on the old image where smoking was perceived as, and, well, also proven by the old science of the days, bad. And the philosopher Hanna Arendt once said..."
"Ok you're starting to bore us, moron. We don't give a fuck about what people think. Why do you think we care? We don't."
"That's a great attitude, I am proud of you."
"Now hand me one of your cigarettes if smoking that will piss every stupid judging people off."
"Great, kids, you've chosen to be true to yourself. And if you ever want some more of these, come to me. I own the only tobacco field and the cigarette factory in the world, you know, they just gave them to me. They produce too much. I'd be delighted to share them also because I'm generous and philanthropist."

Teens were delighted. Indeed, one moment ago, they were suffering the harsh judgment of those self-righteous people, and now, they felt understood. As for me, that was the day when I enjoyed the delight of making someone else happy.

That happened ten years ago, a lot of things have changed, but one thing remained the same : I'm still that caring person who's also true to myself regardless of what other people have to say, and that's the essence of what made my success.


#Share this story on Facebook and get one packet of your favorite flavor of Delighted™ for free!