Special Agent Jerome Fitzsimmons reviewed the file one more time before the transfer process began.

“It’s really painless” a small voice intoned from across the room.

“Sorry?” Jerome’s head inclined to see the source of the sound.

“Oh, you’re not nervous. Most people are nervous their first time heading to The Hub.” These words, just like the previous assurance that no pain was involved, came from the mouth of a strikingly plain-faced thirty-something attendant.

Jerome flashed his trademark Best Smile (according to his Academy Senior Yearbook, anyway) and replied, “Well, I’ve seen a lot of friends off at this transfer station. All of them came back.”

That last part was mostly true. He had seen everyone come back. They just weren’t his friends.

*No,* Jerome thought. *Definitely not friends.*

“That’s good. I’m Maria by the way. Maria Cosgrove.” The attendant woman wiped a hand on the front of her yellow, shapeless  uniform, right over the black, blocky letters of the CMP logo before reaching out to shake his hand.

Jerome took it and smiled a much more genuine, toothless smirk. “Special Agent Fitzsimmons.” The new title rolled smoothly off his tongue, and in spite of himself, Jerome chuckled a little. “Thanks for your help with my commute today, Maria. I’m hoping there’s less traffic than there was on the 405 this morning-

“You didn’t just take Sepulveda? No one ever takes Sepulveda!” Jerome free back a bit at her sudden outburst of passion. Sensing this, Maria sheepishly lowered her gaze to the floor. “It’s just that every time the US Marshalls send someone, I tell them to take Sepulveda. It’s so much better in the mornings.”

Jerome quickly recovered his composure. “Well, tell you what. Next time I’ll take Sepulveda, and if it’s faster, I’ll buy you a coffee.” He saw an almost imperceptible glimmer in the attendant’s eyes. *Still got it.*

“Well, I might just take you up on that, Agent.” She took a few measured steps, pausing to glance at a red countdown on her console. “If you wouldn’t mind having a seat, we’ll get you all prepped for the transfer.”

Jerome straightened his thin, black tie, unbuttoned his suit jacket and sat down on the hard red plastic chair in the center of the chamber. 

It looked like something from an elementary school cafeteria, where an overtired lunch monitor would overlook the rowdy kids and try to eat their ham sandwich in peace. He shuddered at the thought, once again realizing how glad he was not to have followed in his father’s footsteps.

“Are you cold? I can’t really adjust the temperature too much, we need to keep the humidity basically constant during the transfer. But if you’re uncomfortable, I can try to find you an extra thermal.” The poor woman practically bounced with excitement at the thought of helping him.

*Definitely still got it.*

Jerome smoothed his dark slacks and flicked the toes of his loafers as he refocused on the close, corrugated metal of the Transfer Station. “No,” he said, perhaps a bit firmer than he meant to, and then softening a bit, “I’m okay. Maybe just a little more nervous than I thought.”

“Not about the transfer, I hope. I’m the best tech here.” Maria beamed with pride,  and Jerome knew he could believe her. It didn’t take a highly trained Law Enforcement official to see that this job was probably all she had.

*The best driver at a glorified bus station.*

“No, it’s not the transfer.” He decided it couldn’t hurt to show a little warmth to this woman. “It’s just that I’ve never done a prisoner transfer solo. And...no one’s ever brought John Saunders to trial before.”

Maria Cosgrove’s eyes opened wide in amazement. “You’re...you’re here for Saunders? The leader of the Heaven’s Porters?” Jerome relished the peculiar tone of awe in the woman’s voice. 

“No, the John Saunders I’m after is in for unpaid parking tickets. The US Marshalls send Special Agents for that, now.” He’d laid the sarcasm on perhaps a little too thick, so he added, “No lawyer’s fought against CMP extradition before, and to pull it with a cult leader responsible for the deaths of dozens of people...” Jerome just let the sentence trail off. They both knew that whatever had happened since the Criminal Miniaturization Penitentiary, Saunders’s case would be completely different. 

Maria Cosgrove checked the countdown timer one last time. “Well, it’s time to throw this switch now. Be safe, agent Fitzsimmons. It’s not every day someone offers to buy me coffee.” Her desperation warmed his...if not his heart, then at least something a foot and a half or so lower.

“Maria?”

“Yes?”

“It’s Special Agent.” No sooner were the words out of his mouth then a barely audible pop was heard and Special Agent Jerome Fitzsimmons vanished from before her eyes.



