I remember the moment I first saw her perfectly. It was nap-time - as it often was - and I was lounging on the throne my servants had fetched for me after I had become bored with the last one they had acquired. I had been sure to show my dissatisfaction in a way they would most quickly perceive, as the simpletons could not understand my native tongue, and I will not lower myself to speak those guttural moans they stitch together and call words. If they wished to be rewarded with my affection, they should have been faster to react to my disdain! If they had, I would not have had to shame their efforts so heavi-...ah, I seem to have wandered far from the topic at hand.

Their ill-timed attempt at tribute awakened me from my slumber atop the throne they called “the couch.” Please do remind me later to give them the lashings they deserve for disturbing me while I slept. Remaining undisturbed is paramount in maintaining my regal decorum. As I was saying, I was rudely rousted from rest – ah ha! I do so love alliteration – by a loud thump on the table next to me. They had brought me a crystalline vessel filled with sand. At first I believed it to be a replacement for abominable accommodations they called a restroom that had been provided to me when I took up residence. But if it were to act as my new facilities, they had not put sufficient thought into it. Convenience is king, and I saw no simplicity in leaping in and out of my commode. 

I became further perplexed when they began filling my new restroom with water from a long green hose protruding from the window. I had little time to think of it however, as a beautiful winged beast flitted about just outside my domain. The vibrant colors captivated me so. I knew then that I must destroy it, but that is a tale for another time. There are more important things at hand and you have distracted me from the point for far too long! Why were my servants filling my new facilities with water? Did they not know of my loathing? Did they both fall on their heads and incur simultaneous concussions? Surely, this is the only explanation for such a blunder!

As I crept forward to punish my restroom attendant, my chef lifted the most gorgeous creature I have ever seen out of a strange white box. She kept the creature in an austere transparent bubble. Surely, she did not mean for me to eat this magnificent beauty? Give me a tuna and I shall devour it whole in a night, but I would sooner starve than destroy such majesty. She was the color of royalty with thick dark lines that bolted from her beautiful black eyes all the way to her exquisite yellow tail. Though she lacked my paws, she moved with feline grace in her prison. I had never known my kind to dwell in the water, but who am I to judge?

At last, they released my paramour into the crystal box. Ever so slowly, they placed tributes into the waters and transformed her new home from a barren wasteland to a palace! Chests of treasures beyond measure, rare plants that I had never before seen, and a hand-crafted castle for her to retire to for her most assuredly frequent naps adorned the vessel. What I thought was grace in her previous quarters was mere stumbling. She took to her new waters swimmingly, if you’ll pardon my word choice – which you will of course. She moved as I imagine I would, were I younger and had a body such as she. To watch her move was to feel the joy of one thousand naps on a bed of nepeta cataria.

They displayed my new prize with pride and summoned me over to see it. They need not ask, for I was already moving closer. Her home’s walls must be extraordinarily fragile, as they pleaded with me not to touch. Fools. Tonight, after I have disposed of my incompetent servants, I shall join her in the waters and we will dance forever. Though, perhaps I should spare them. After all, they have at least done one thing right in their entire wretched lives. For that, I will allow them to continue to serve me. And, of course, my queen.