"Alright, thank you all for answering so quickly to my call and it's, rather personal nature," I said, looking into each of my lieutanant-vassals around the table, "I would like to say that, after this endeavour, your loyalty will be greatly rewarded."

I waited for a few seconds and made an angry frown. "*If* it succeeds," I added.

All six of them nodded, some answering "Yes, my liege."

God, I *love* that phrase; *Yes my liege*. It was respect I always wanted, which might be fake at moments, but damn, it makes me good inside.

One of my assistants entered from the door on my back, quietly put a stack of 10 to 20 papers down as if it was a valuable, brittle thing and left. I turned to take the papers and quickly skimmed across them.

"Alright, ladies and gentlemen," I said, "Here are the first orders.

Lord Mal, these are the specifics of guarding the flagship and your new juristictions over it's crew."

I handed a reptillian humanoid one of the papers and he poked through it with one of his claws.

"Do not let it in the range of their orbitals, the thought of it being destroyed will run your people into a frenzy."

"I know how we work," hissed Mal.

I turned to my other lieutenant, the same species as Mal, and handed him the paper, "Rak, you are with the mercenaries down in Africa and Australia, priority of preservation for you is minimal."

Rak hissed, but with a smile and took the paper. Mal subtly glared with envy at Rak.

"Lord Smith," I handed my only human commander, a person who endured the slavery simmilar to my own and whom I trust the most, his orders, "Tell your insurgents in the USA and European Federation to start their duties. You are the first to start fulfilling your orders, so others could do theirs in comfort of knowing the majors would be distracted."

He nodded, "Yes, my liege."

Here it is again, I couldn't hide my smile.

"Lord Eugene, your target is China. Their authoritarian, but very stable government will only be destroyed by brute force. You are authorized to use the nuclear option. By the time you're done I want them banging rocks and praying for thunder for fire." I chuckled and the humorus Eugene, a part of the species acting as stereotipical bards, laughed.

"Lady Visira and Lord Taro, you are in control of the ground troops. Lady'es army will begin in the South Americas and Lord's armies will begin with the Middle East. I advise you both to not start with the first world until Lord Smith had said his work was done." Taro nodded and Visira smiled her seductive grin.

"That is part one, when you are all done and I read your reports, we will move to part two, the governance part."

Mal and Rak frowned at the "governance" part, as they and their race are fight oriented and made the best, albeit too zelaous, mercenaries.

I looked at them all once more and said: "You are now all free to get some R&R, Lord Smith will begin his operation in a month's time and until his signal, your armies and ships will mobilize. If there are problems, call me directly. Any questions?"

Eugene raised his leg: "Are there any more pistacios on this ship?"

I chuckled: "You ate them all." Eugene laughed once more and acted ashamed, like a child caught with a hand in the pistacio jar.

"Dismissed."
