"Commander," Captain Shelley's voice came over the intercomm, "They've found our pilot."

Commander Quinn had been waiting for this announcement. He picked up his phone and started making the appropriate phone calls.

Julie had just packed a second bowl. She had bought this game called No Man's Sky for her boyfriend, but he found it "boring." The store wouldn't refund her the money for the game, so she decided that she could make it tolerable and play it herself, hence "sparking it up." I'll show him, she thought to herself, that this game is playable and that I don't waste money! So, she'd been smoking up and playing every night since she got it. It was pretty fun, and easy to lose herself in the world when she was taking bong rips.

She heard noise outside of her window while she took a big hit. Not two seconds later, her front door kicked in.

"I'm sorry," she started sobbing, "it was just a little bit of weed, I thought I'd try it..."

"Julie Baker? Don't worry, we don't care about the weed. You need to come with us." Commander Quinn said to Julie. Julie just started at him blankly.

"She's baked, sir." Said Captain Quinn.

"Which is exactly how we need her to survive the trip. Stock the Replicator with stoner food and get me extracts of the highest quality bud you can find! Buy out whole stores in Colorado if you must! Julie has a long trip ahead of her." The agents nodded, two of them scurrying off to Colorado while the rest of them started packing Julie's things for aboard the spacecraft; they had decided a long time ago that familiarity would help the pilot keep their sanity.

"What are you talking about, man? Why are you guys in here and packing my things?" Julie said, finally breaking out of her stupor for two seconds.

"You are the one who is going to revolutionize space travel! We needed someone to go and make first contact, but without hypersleep, it's a long, boring task. You have to..." Commander Quinn realized that she had gone back into her stupor again and was playing No Man's Sky and not really paying attention to him.

"So, if I go with you, can you buy me a pizza on the way?" Julie asked him, breaking the silence. 