Cold. Frankly, that's the one thing I've known about this world. Just how unforgivably freezing outside it is.

I've only read stories about the other worlds. Mars, in the process of being terraformed. Very much like our own, but our atmosphere is too thick. From my understanding, that's why landing was so tricky. At a comfortable one hundred and twenty percent of Earth's gravity, life here isn't entirely difficult. It's quite hospitable to life. One of the funniest things to me, is that I read of biology on early Earth. When there was more oxygen in the atmosphere, it gave rise to larger creatures. Larger life. I read of, huge spiders. Before the wars, that is. There isn't a lot left on Earth, from what I've read. Or bees, or anything that give rise to the twenty-first century way of life. Not that a lot of people on Earth know about that at this point, of course. And even less when they receive this autobiography in twenty years. By the time I get reviews? I'll be an older man. And I'm quite bitter about that. 

This world, regardless of the cold days and the cold nights. And the lack of stars in the sky to give us a show of the universe. Isn't so bad. That oxygen? One hell of a high, let me tell you. I feel like I could take on the mountains. Which, don't. There's one taller then Mount Olympus Mons. 

Being born to a world so far away from what was safe harbor to the billions of years of evolution that enabled and gave rise to us, it is incredibly surreal. Right now, I'm twenty six. Sitting comfortably, over a window. On Gilas 421 B, which is in desperate need of a new name by the way-- Something flashier-- Of a world, where there is no life aside from plankton in the ocean. And plants. No organic life on its surface whatsoever. I think I'd feel truly alone and far too existential, without the company of the twelve dogs. Clones themselves, of course. 

But I'm happy. I'm alive. On this world, there is no economy. I've read that there is on Earth. We trade what we need. We live in one city. We take what we need, and we are happy. We send to Earth what it needs, but with fourteen billion people? It's crushing under the weight, day by day.

Regardless of how alone I might feel sometimes, on a world where every story I've ever read was birthed. With every soul I've dreamed of meeting has only been... I'm privileged, and I'm fortunate. To be alive, here. 

The traditional road of being alive is not one I have lived, certainly. No parents, a star that doesn't resemble the one we evolved under. But it is a good one. If it is anything my short life has shown me in the time, is that you do not need another life to show you that you inherently have worth and value. There may be millions of faces that resemble you. From Earth, to Mars, to our world-- Gilas-- To the ends of the Milky Way, you are unique. One way or the other. You are worth the weight of the mountain then you are. 

And you are alive.