It's may seem an odd thing to you, how the sand still flows, no matter what direction you turn a glass, but then much of my domain might seem odd.

This glass is well past the last grain's fall. I glance at the little brass (not really brass, but then the glass isn't really glass) nameplate, trying hard to make out any of the writing. Sadly, it's too worn. I'm a little shocked, as I didn't know they could wear down. 

I give a sigh, lift my scythe, and attune to the glass, teleporting to my target, the poor creature. I can't even tell you their gender from my look at their body, as it is little more than a puddle of cells. The consciousness locked away, all senses strip by time and decay. The body would have stopped working not long after the grains stopped falling, just rotting away. The desert around us is in the region now know as the Middle East.

I swing my scythe, and the life is finally ended. Suddenly, a young woman is standing before me, slender muscles and a beautiful face, dressed in a style I haven't seen in a long, long time. I pulled out hourglass, looking more closely at the name. Not worn, no. It's cuneiform.

I look up at her, once again. She's still marveling at everything, currently running hands over her face, laughing and crying. Everyone seems to enjoy feeling their body as it was meant to be, but for her, it is clearly more. A human mind can't last much beyond a few centuries, most far less, even with external stimuli. I attune once more to the glass, and learn she should have died at 23. So young, even then. Her body likely failed her within the following year, leaving her alone with her thoughts. Even I can't tell what she has been through. 

"I apologize," I say, in my best attempt at Sumerian. "I'm a bit late."

She snaps to attention, seeing me as man with lion-esque features. The mane already starts to itch. She struggles to remember speech, working her jaw and babbling a bit, before finally saying, "Erra, you came."

"Yes, child," I say in that old, once-familiar bass growl. "I have come for you."

"I had feared we were wrong. That death was worse than we'd learned. I had grown up fearing the dark cave of Irkalla, but now it seems a relief."

I had forgotten what a dreadful afterlife awaited her. I look at the weapon in my had, now a large, golden hook instead of a scythe. I shudder, fighting my form, struggling to take on one for a more pleasant afterlife.

"You were wrong," I say in a far more pleasant baritone. My mane is now shoulder length black hair and a short beard. My copper armor, now a white robe. The weapon is gone completely, so I can welcome her with open arms. Frankly, I don't care what my appearance is, only that it leads her to a heaven, rather than the limbo her people had expected. "But that is nothing to fear."

She looks, understandably, quite confused, but she stepped forward, into my embrace.

As a light flows over her, I paraphrase a set of words, famed in her new religion, "You were lost, but now you are found."

And like that, I am alone in the desert. I am once more a skeleton in a black robe, holding a scythe. I take one last look at the puddle of dead cells before returning to my office.

There is only a couple more out there, just two more humans left out in the world, and each has a few years left. Plenty of time for me to finish cleaning my office before I'm forced to retire. After that, though, I think I maybe ready. 