"The job is done.."

Nobody noticed a thing...

I can feel the weight of the satchel with my bounty on my right shoulder, still tender from when I fell down the stairs at mums.

"Why again did I have those 7 shots of whiskey?"

"Oh right", the task at hand. Out the side door, down the steps and slip into the alley...

"What the fuck?"

The alarm is going off..

"The fucking Alarm is going off!"

I couldn't have, I checked everything.. "What the hell did I miss?"

Two fucking idiots in leather masks. One of them was carrying a Piñata and a jewel encrusted baseball bat.

The bigger guy grabbed the oldest teller and slammed her face off the side of the counter knocking her clean out.

I think she lost a tooth, or maybe it was just an earing. Either way, it looked like it hurt like a son of a bitch.

The smaller guy with the baseball bat and Piñata motioned towards the vault and started asking who the hell the manager was.

I laid face down on the floor and shoved my much deserved bounty next to an unkempt, depressingly wilted, office decor ficus next to an empty unplugged water cooler.

I started to feel a little strange, but I ignored the sensation and started to wriggle my way over to the now passed out bank teller with the missing tooth, "or was it an earing?".

The two masked men dragged the now reeling bank manager into the vault, the next moment all we heard was a single gunshot and then dead silence.

Everyone in the bank was either sobbing, praying, or pissing themselves in fear.  I wasn't afraid like the rest, but I just couldn't shake the strange feeling I was having.  Sometimes it felt like I was fading in and out.

I also couldn't help but think about the bag next to the cooler.  "Somebody really needs to water that ficus."

The poor bank teller was hanging over the counter with a newly minted smile that only a generously compensated back alley dental surgeon would love.

"I found the tooth."

I inched my way along the bank floor, eyes wide and never blinking, "and there it was.."

Glistening like an undisturbed ocean pearl with sparkling hints of glorious silver, the secrets this lone fabled tooth could reveal to us all were probably far greater than I could ever know or even care to comprehend.

I put the freshly acquired tooth into my pocket for safekeeping and started making my way to the vault.

As I grew closer to the bank vault I could hear the dire whimpering of a distressed manager begging for his life, desperately explaining and describing that he had three children, two of which were honor students who were decorated peacekeepers doing the lord's work in Malaysia and another who recycled, tutored kids on weekends, and sponsored an orphan in the Philippines.

Moments later another gunshot was heard and then the discernible sound of a soon to be fractured cranium hitting the floor with a loud "Smack". The sound was unmistakable, like a freshly butchered steak being slapped onto a table.

"This man was now dead meat."

It was then, that magical moment when I heard the oh so familiar sound I had heard only just before.

"It was a tooth." - A lone calcified structure found in humans and the like and used to break down precious morsels of food.

The tooth bounced across the floor like a rising and hopeful ballerina, sweeping over the bank vault floor with ultimate conviction and for it's final act it came to a stop spinning in the corner of the room

I crept my way into the vault, slinking almost like an inchworm after the divine fruit. The would be robbers were still rifling through random unmarked safety deposit boxes all the while arguing, "bitterly I might add" that there wasn't as much of a prize to pillage as previously thought.

Unnoticed by my "Dissociates", I hurriedly snatched up the now unwholesomely dispatched bank manager's tooth from the edge of the room and placed it into my pocket with the one I had recently pilfered at the beginning of our story.

One thing I couldn't shake was that I kept feeling that strange and unnerving sensation. It was almost like I was drifting away and losing touch with myself, losing touch with reality.

My moment of retribution came a minute later in the form of grabbing a nearby safety deposit box out of the wall and furiously smashing it straight into the face of one of the would be robbers. As the safety deposit drawer made contact I heard a loud "crack!"

"And wouldn't you know it?", another tooth flew right out of his mouth and landed squarely on my shoe.

With my head cocked to one side like a confused puppy I stared at the tooth, pondering, Envisioning a world where today's events made sense, that all of this could possibly be leading to something truly extraordinary. 

As I plucked the tooth up from my shoe I inserted it safely into my pocket and I soon came to the realization that I now had an even 3.

By now the alarm sounds had gotten much louder.  I started to lose all feeling in my hands and legs and the sounds grew louder and more pronounced.  It felt like somebody was using riding a jackhammer like a pogo stick on my skull.

I spun around in circles, round and round looking for the other robber and there was no one in the vault except for me,  everything in the bank was gone.  

"The teeth were gone..."

Everything went black.

I awoke in my bed.  

The sun was shining through the tinted glass behind my bed, reflections from the trees were dancing on the walls and I could hear the faint sound of a group of children playing outside.  

"I wonder what game they are playing.."

"Why do I still hear that damn noise?"

The alarm clock was beeping incessantly, I felt so confused, so damn dizzy.


I turned onto my side and pushed the snooze button and as I slid my hand beneath my pillow I felt 3 objects.

"Was it the teeth?"  "No it couldn't be..."

I opened my palm and started to laugh as I recognized what the ever so briefly indistinguishable objects were.

Three quarters totalling 75 cents...

"My bounty."

THE END

"Oh, and what the hell was with the Piñata?"