The Universe might be a big place, but paradoxically, the more we colonized, the harder it became to change identities.

I distinctly remember the first years of extraterrestrial colonization (memory 'nites were one of the first inventions after immortality). If you wanted to disappear, you could pick a new name, hop onto a colony ship, and off you went to Tau Ceti or Gliese 581. We didn't have FTL comms, and the messengers had better things to do than to deliver queries regarding the identities of the colonists. I should know, I was one for nearly a millennium. I didn't have to change identities back then, hyperjump gave us all the resources and space we wanted. No one batted an eyelash if you were among the first immortals, especially if you did a job like that. Time might have ceased to be the grand equalizer, but accidents still happened.

Being immortal, but still having the instincts of mortal species wasn't a great combination though. We populated the local uninhabited stars by the end of the fourth millennium. First Contact only happened in 3988, just a few days after my 2000th birthday. It wasn't exactly hostile, but kinda put a damper on our expansion efforts. Until then, we thought that alien life was rare, and we had at least a galactic quadrant to ourselves. We soon learned that only approximately 5% of it neighboring good old Sol (RIP) was free (to which we instantly formed a claim in the galaxy's version of the UN).

They also introduced us to hyperwave communication which was 1) The main reason why SETI hadn't gotten a peep, even with a radio telescope array spanning the Oort-cloud, and 2) The reason I had to switch jobs. I already had my ship, equipping it with the sensors necessary for surveying was trivial, but we all knew it was only going to last for a century at most.

And that's when the religious and political authorities started getting concerned about immortals. Sure, we all knew that our part of the galaxy was finite, but we only expected to cross this bridge later. Or possibly never, depending on how easy it is to traverse intergalactic distances. Considering that no other species in the galaxy has done it yet, and this included million-year-old civilizations... yeah. We suddenly found the bridge under our feet.

That's when I started getting ugly looks. By that time, there were at most a hundred of us, Old Ones. Accidents during early space travel got most of us, and others started checking out on their own volition. Some just got bored with life, decided that they have seen it all, and went out on a lethal dose of some drug. Their spouses frequently followed them. Others were bullied into it by their children (I never had any, thankfully) who wanted to finally get their inheritance, which more often than not included some primo real estate on Earth. Of course they didn't want to live there, but any corporation wanting a prestigious Terran HQ paid enough for it that they could buy their own moons. All in all, being 2000 years old suddenly became impolite.

But damn, I saw mankind start conquering the universe, and fuck if I'm not going to live 'till the end.

So that's when I first switched identities. First I just got a new name whenever I was discovered, or whenever the current identity started getting the death glares again. I lived on every planet of this corner of galaxy this way. Sometimes I went back to my old profession as a computer scientist (which, coincidentally, made making a new fake ID ridiculously easier - they might have had fancy security systems, but I had millennia of experience). But I was a chef, a gardener, a mechanic, and several professions which have no name in Ancient English. I tried flying under the radar; getting my photo published in any medium would have revealed me to anyone who knew my previous identity (it still happened a couple of times).

There were 1044 inhabited planets in the Terran Federation, and by 19843 CE, they were all fully populated. Ten trillion humans. Strict population control policies were introduced; they didn't cross the line of mandatory euthanasia, but damn if there wasn't a lot of pressure. Anyone living too long denies the chance of a new human to be born, they said. Average age of death was a thousand - in fact, many people decided to go out on their 1000th birthday. Living until 1500 was already frowned upon, and the juries were likely to absolve childless couples who killed anyone over 3000. Considering that I was more than six times older than that... yeah, I needed something more reliable than changing my name.

Nanites could easily reconfigure my face and my body structure. As for my fingerprints, retina and iris... they are not genetically determined, so cloning new hands and new eyes took care of that. It was surprisingly effective. Arranging some accident every 1100-1200 years, with a corpse having my DNA, dental records, face, fingerprints, retina and iris threw the youngsters off my trail.

At this point there were maybe a dozen of us Old Ones left, and we all resorted to the same trick. The 'nites worked wonders. The po-po had limited data storage capacity, so they deleted the DNA records of identified corpses after a few centuries, no one suspected us.

We kept this up for two million years. Yes, it was tiring, but we could at least experiment. New bodies had their novelty value, after all. Of course we lost some people. #3 (we started referring to each other by numbers, as names were completely meaningless by then) was at Ground Zero when the Idorins tested their instant xenoformer weapon (bastards breathe ammonia). #2 and #5 were at the frontlines, those stupid glory hounds. #1 just flew her (at the moment) ship into Sol, I guess she had enough. #8 got caught in the blast when terrorists bombed the GalFed Building on the 5000th anniversary of its foundation. (Which was actually kinda ironic, since GalFed had the guts that TerrFed didn't and introduced mandatory euthanasia at 5000.) But nothing was as bad as the loss of #7.

See, #7 was stupid enough to die less than a century after his last faked death. Which left the cops wondering why a supposedly 117 year old Gliesean man's brain cells had the same DNA as those of a Ganymedean woman who died in a freak replicator accident 77 years ago? It didn't take long for them to start examining #7's corpse from up close. Which revealed her 'nites - ancient design, more capable than the ones manufactured after PopControl came in effect, and, in fact, outlawed - and the fact that his DNA wasn't Gliesean. Or human, for that matter, since some subtle differences intruded into the human genome in the last million years, which only revealed themselves on closer inspection.

We Old Ones might have been much wiser and much more experienced than the youngsters, but that didn't mean the youngsters were *stupid*. If they knew that there were only 6 of us, they might have let it slide, but they had no idea and thought that there were hundreds or thousands of death dodgers out there.

Hence the DNA database, and my current problem.

My advantage: experience. At this point, I spent the last six billion years evading them. Most of the time they upgraded their measures, we were ready. Unfortunately it was only *most*. #11 went first, caught not a millennium after #7. That dumb fucker had always been a womanizer, and a careless one at that. Forgot that Deneb's atmosphere made the local males sterile, and as such, the local women careless. Of course he knocked up a girl, her father euthanized himself to make space for the baby, and when it was born with a paternal DNA match linking it to #11... yeah. Idiot. #12 got into a bar fight, got his tooth knocked out, didn't pick it up. At least #6's death was accidental, microsingularity scrambled her hyperjump when she veered off the normal lanes. DNA is hard to piece together from atoms ending up in a dozen systems. I was really surprised that #9 and #10 lasted until 4 billion. They were a couple, and thus they drew the most suspicion, but they were simply amazing at picking up new identities. They went out like Bonnie and Clyde. (At least I still remember those names.)

As for me, now? I got careless. FUCK! I thought that, not having caught a single Old One in the last two billion years, the authorities stopped chasing me. Spent most of this time on my spaceship anyway; it was safer. I just stopped here to fill up my antimatter tanks, then I was stupid enough to disembark and talk with some actual humans before I implement my latest solution. But the station had aerosolized DNA-scanning nanites. My own ones caught them, but not before one could send its data. And yes, there come the pigs. I would shout "OINK OINK" at them, but it would just confuse them. Actual pigs went extinct 4 billion years ago. Anyway, I bolt to my ship. My rocket belt - it was quite a fad in 1 billion, of course it's reactionless - gave me quite an advantage. There are many of them though, so I turn sharply to the docks.

Sealed, of course. Doesn't matter. A press on my phasing armband (invented in 3 billion, unfortunately has the tendency to draw the attention of interdimensional predators, so banned a century later) gets me through and into my ship. Unique design disguised as a freighter, but I drop my holographic cloak (not used since the foundation of the GalFed). No need for that. Slipping away from police vessels is easy, I have met every detection technology there is, defeated all of them.

Now here is something that the youngsters won't understand. Having a limit on your lifespan from your birth, legalized longer than your species fucking *existed* has some effects on your psyche. Simply, you'll stop wanting to live before that age. But being ~~an~~ THE Old One, having had a limit on your lifespan removed? Makes you want to live *forever*. And in 6 billion years, you will eventually find a solution.

I push the JUMP button. See you in NGC 3109, suckers!