It’s been a long life.

A good one, to be sure. You’ve gotten married, had kids... divorced, but it was more or less amicable, and with the kids out of college it wasn’t a big deal. Your job wasn’t always fulfilling, but you didn’t hate Mondays. On the side you learned guitar and wrote a book. Retirement was fully paid for, a silent apology from the government. You have a house, a dog, and are mortgage-free.

It was marred, though. Seeing the younger generation, from which you were cutoff by two years, grow to adulthood and then stop. Feeling the aches and pains build while an entire section of the population gets to stay twenty, invincible. You’re not a bitter person, but some days you wish... something. It’s hard to put words on it, but it’s dark and twisting inside of you.

You hope something *bad* happens.

Then you feel guilty. You know these people! They’re your kids, your neighbors! So you repeatedly bury that thought and mention nothing.

Your 85th birthday was a grand affair of family and friends, or whatever friends and family are still around. The ratio of Olds to Youngs (you don’t like the name but your generation isn’t in charge of slang anymore) change every year. Your friend Craigory messages you the day after, as you’re perched on your couch. You get it in the usual way, through the implant in your eye, and you motion towards the flashing red box in the corner of your vision to open it.

‘Hey man. You see the news lately?’

‘About?’ you send back.

‘The immortals. They’re changing.’

A side effect? Your heart rate increases. Fear? For your kids, those you hold dear, sure.

But it’s been fifty-seven long years of bitterness building up. Something else tightens around your heart.

Excitement.

You close the message. “Bring up the news for today,” you demand of your implant, and articles float into your vision. One in the corner reads ‘New Side Effect in Youngs Manifesting. You Won’t Believe How!’

“Open,” you say, breathless, fingertips brushing against the headline. The article is pulled up.

Back in your day, aging and death was inevitable. It was feared. Your health was precious, and it would leave you. Anything else is unnatural... unfair.

The silence as you read the article is as thick as dirt from a grave.

Then:

“They get *wings*, too?!”