The Lost City of Kvoehr. Eons past our ancestors had left it here, choking in the embrace of Mother Abyss, believing in the prediction of the Celesteocles that it would remain when we returned.

But the people of Kvoehr had made one tragic mistake. They had believed, as many do, that they would remain forever. Inevitably their empire fell into collapse and declined, overwhelmed by barbarian raiders from the Dark.

Now from their greatness sprang many nations, and each coveted the old capital with its triple-walls, and the golden monolith that touched the Sun King's majesty. But only I still held the old maps.

"The horses don't go father than here," Grueld, my guide, said gruffly. He was a brute of a man, closer to a great ape that talked than a man possessed of an ape's strength. I wondered for the nth time if he were not truly some unholy soldier of the mechanomancers, but I quailed at the thought my expedition had drawn their baleful attention.

"Why not?" I questioned, wiping the thick sweat from my brow again.

"Because this is the last oasis I know of, and they can't carry enough water for themselves to drink beyond."

I opened my mouth to offer some astute reasoning, but was cruelly cut off by an angrily raised finger.

"Don't whine. The horses stay here, and we travel no more than three sleeps into the Sunlands. We cannot carry enough water for more than six sleeps."

Again I wondered why I let this brute, of questionable origins, be my guide. But in truth, I was forced to admit, he was the only one who had agreed to go so far as this.

So, with trepidation, I dismounted. Even through my thick soles I could feel the warmth of these lands on my feet, and dreaded the trek before us. 

The horse, that vile hairy beast, reminiscent of its master, spit on me as a parting farewell. Grueld laughed heartily at my expense, even going so far as to roll his eyes at me when I reminded exactly who was paying him for this expedition. And so, under that auspicious start, our true journey began.

The sleeps passed in a haze. The sun-bleached rock and sand reflected the majesty of the Sun's light directly into my face, as though punishing me for my temerity in treading so far on the Sun's domain. I was forced many times to wrap rags around my face to keep from burning, led on only by grasing at Grueld's cloak.

The sand and rock burnt my feet, and it was only at sleep, when we put the thick bedrolls down, that I got any respite at all. Grueld awfully rationed the water, and by the second sleep my throat was so dry I wondered that I could even talk.

At last we arrived at a point where both I and Grueld could fast feel the third sleep approaching, but we still had not reached the great cliff in which was nestled the city. We tread on in silence, until at last Grueld began to set down his pack.

"I can't go back from here." I croaked. "The city should be no more than another sleep away."

Grueld GROWLED at me, like the animal he was. "I will not die for some fools gambit. Wait a star-cycle, perhaps two, and you shall reach your city then. No men shall be able to inhabit it before four or five star-cycles regardless."

I must admit that I did somewhat regret what I did next, but to see my dreams so close...and for that ape Grueld to take them away...I was not in my right mind you must understand.

"THE WATER" Grueld screamed as my sword point pierced his waterskin, his own sword drawn too slowly in his surprise and fatigue. He looked down at my own skin before thrusting at me, but I hurled it to the ground even as I narrowly parried his blow, and the thirsty sands consumed it in an instant.

"You have killed us," Grueld muttered, his calm tone belied by his face, incandescent with rage. "I should kill you now, so that at least I may rest peacefully knowing you went first."

"No!" I explained. "Listen...the city...the city had a deep reservoir. We need only make it to the city, and even in this heat water should remain."

Grueld scowled furiously and then continued setting out the beds, silently now.

The time before the next sleep was even more hellish than the time that had come before. The Sun King punished us terribly for intruding so far, and as the waking came to a close I noticed I had forgotten to rag a small area on my arm. I had not even felt it as it reddened, then blackened, until my arm had fallen limp.

"It is almost sleep time," Grueld croaked. "We will not wake. I will kill you now."

He stumbled towards me, barely able to hold his sword, and I fell over in exhaustion and surprise.

As he pulled the blade above me for the coup de grace, I suddenly was filled with a renewed vigor. "WAIT," I shouted, somehow mustering the energy from some hidden reserve.

I pointed.

Ahead of us the city glimmered...glimmered? Something was wrong. The Lost City had three walls, this city had five. But I was too lost in the moment to worry, too giddy to find that I would live.

I stumbled towards the city, then ran, Grueld not far behind, and reached it quickly. My eyelids felt heavy, but the silver door (silver door?) of the city stood before me. It was ajar, though only slightly, and I stepped beyond that barrier like a conquering hero.

On the other side, it was cool. The heat of the sun was gone, somehow, perhaps a blessing of the Sun King (though no records had mentioned this.) Grueld sniffed hungrily and headed off to some strange silvered contraption while I simply basked in the magical weather.

"I smell water," he announced, and with one quick blow of his mighty blade struck the contraption such that water began to pour from it."

I drank deeply of the water, threw up some from drinking too quickly, then drank again. I filled my waterskin, and Grueld filled his own hastily repaired one.

Again the ape stalked off, and I was forced to follow. I found him gawking at some sculpture and was about ready to berate him when I followed his vision.

There, at the base of the sculpture, was an inscription. But not in Kvoehran, nor even with the Kvoehran alphabet. My eyes drew higher, and I recoiled in terror as finally, the sun-blindness fading, I saw for whom, for what, the statue had been made.

At first glance it seemed a man. But his fingers were bulbous like those of a frog, and instead of two legs he had three. Where ought to rest his mouth there was instead a gaping maw, like a slash wound, full of pointed glittering teeth.

This was not Kvoehr. Perhaps it once had been, as it rested where it should. But there had been others here. This was not Kvoehr any longer.

(I'll continue if people like it.)