 I came in with some soreness in my back, we do the checkup.

 Look, piss, stand, turn, cough, say ahhh. Then the needle goes in, it comes out code looks... the same as I ever saw it. Shad puts it to spin, machine comes up and I need an update. No biggie. Shad pulls out a big syringe downloads it. I haven't been afraid of needles since two point five but this thing was huge. 

"Relax, can you count back from ten?" He asks.  

"Course I can doc. You know that." Closing my eyes I do what he asks " Uh, ten, nine, eight, sevuh, s-Shit" That hurt more than it should have and all over my arm. First the pressure and pinch but then it's like it dragged and pinched my skin down to the elbow. I open again and that's exactly what happened. It's unreal, the damn thing looks like it bent on a steel wall. 

"Thats not supposed to happen"

"No shit?"

"Shh! Give me a second, it's probably just a hardware issue." He grabs my file off the wall and thumbs through it. I'm just sitting there like a jack ass waiting for the bad news. "I think we need to run some more tests"

"Does that mean I can't get my patch Doc? Don't I need it." He doesn't answer. I'm feeling 

"You're going to get a full examination by Dr.Romeo first thing in the morning." 

Five weeks later and I can barely move. I can't tell my sweat from my spit and all sense of smell is gone. It's hot and I'm freezing. They moved me from Shad's clinic three days ago. ICU. I have an auto-Immune error. Incredibly rare for a player on this server. I can't patch no matter what they do. Fire wall burns it. I'm gonna die at this rate I thought in the third week when I couldn't walk anymore. But I just keep getting sicker and sicker. I'm pretty sure, sometimes, that I'm not breathing at all for minutes at a time my tubes glued shut and burning.

I don't get it and neither does anyone else. Kharma should've pulled me by now. I'd happily be rendered on some Chi-com server working a bit mill for the rest of my day until eternity. It would be a short blink compared to the hours I'm conscious wanting to scream but unable to.

`Incoming feed for Case Turner` The monitor chimes to get my attention. I focus on the center of the screen blink twice.  Suddenly I see Nash's shit eating grin. He's saying something but I can only stare back.

"So we found out where you were holed up. Dr.Shadid didn't want to give you up. He's a good player. Anyhow, you look like shit. I mean just really awful."  Did he just come here to mock me? Nash is a real piece of shit but he wouldn't waste time to be this petty. "Case did you think we were idiots?” What? “Did you think you could burn our little group of scammers? Check this out.” The feed plays video of an unfamiliar body in a tube. "It’s an IRL feed! Players don’t ever get to see this kind of shit so enjoy it. That guy in there? That’s you! And he’s immortal too. Just like the classers. I mean hey he won’t ever get pulled by kharma it’s his money that’s paying for this whole thing. We found him because you didn’t wear your proxy one time and you thought organizations like ours would fail without pvp. So this is what you get Jackass. Have a nice life.”

The feed cuts. I try to stay awake and count the years.