It didn’t start with a latex suit. It didn’t end with one, either.

A couple years ago, I was mugged. Two men pulled knives on me at an ATM and told me to take out as much money as it would let me. I looked at them, fear wracking me. As I stood there, unsure if I should just give them the money or risk being hurt, the two men began backing away from me. 
One said something I can’t remember, dropping his knife and taking off down the street. The second was close behind him.
When the police showed up, they asked me to describe what had happened. The fear and adrenaline welled back up as I told how they had held their knives on me; how they had run away. The officers gave each other a look, and I worried they wouldn’t believe me. Instead, they told me they had enough, and asked if I could go with them. When they placed me, alone, in the back of a SWAT van, I knew something was wrong. What could I do? I was trapped in a bulletproof steel box, heading to a place I didn’t know. The walls of the van began to swim, and I laid down to try to calm myself.
When the van stopped and the door was opened, two men in riot gear politely asked me to step out. They told me they were going to handcuff me, but that I shouldn’t worry; it was only a formality. They didn’t really expect me to be dangerous. I asked what they were worried about, I had never hurt anyone in my life, and certainly not intentionally. They told me it was the unintentional they were worried about, and to try to stay as calm as I could. They assured me they only wanted to ask me a few questions, but that it was very important. I tried to concentrate on my breathing and slow my heart rate.
The men took me down a ramp that led underground. We passed through a series of large metal doors guarded by men with guns. I was put in a room with a table and two chairs. I sat in one and waited.
A man in a suit came through the door and sat in the other chair. He asked me to remain calm through the process, and that it would only be a few minutes. I could feel my adrenaline pumping, anxiety coursing through my body. The man was clearly wary, and I asked him why I was there. He told me I would know soon, but that I needed to answer a few questions first.
He asked me if I had ever been in a situation that made me angry. I told him of course, everyone has. He asked me if people reacted differently to me when I was angry, if they were scared of me. I told him I had never noticed that anyone was afraid of me until the mugging, but now everyone seemed afraid of me. The man stood up and told me I would be moved in a few minutes before leaving the room.
Four hours later, I was still in the room. I was frustrated, confused, angry that I was being left in the dark. No one even bothered to answer when I shouted through the locked door that I was thirsty, that I wanted to go home. I tried pounding on the door, to no avail.
Finally, men in riot gear brandishing rifles came through the door. They came fast, weapons raised, and backed me into a corner. Terror drove my stomach into my throat, and I tripped over my chair in my haste to retreat. As they came, the room started to swim. I could not see their faces, but their advance slowed and stopped as the disorientation got worse. I held my head my head in my hands, and I heard one of the men start to scream. I looked up, and my vision cleared. The men, however, had not. They still shimmered as if seen through moving water, and they were clawing at their chests and faces. One raised his rifle and fired, then collapsed. The bullet seemed to melt as it left the barrel. A thin metallic liquid splattered on my chest, and the man who had fired it seemed to be going through the same transformation. Within seconds, the men were puddles on the floor. The door followed suit, and I ran from the room.
I ran down the hallway I had passed through on the way in. Doors melted as I went, and then I was on my face, a needle in my neck, blacking out. 



No one will tell me why I am like this. They keep me cooped up and heavily sedated, and I only leave when a bad person needs to be stopped. I am used as a human tactical nuke. I am deployed alone, naked, with a predator drone pointed at me from thousands of feet above. They won’t tell me when I’ve done things wrong, but the stakes keep getting higher. First it was me, then it was my wife, my parents, my children, my friends. Every mission or two, they threaten to hurt a new person, someone I care about. I do what they need me to do though. I’m always able to get my target to surrender, else they end up as slag on the ground. I hope one day there won’t be anyone left for me to hurt, and I’ll be allowed to go home. Maybe someday the fear will leave me, and they won’t have a use for me anymore. Maybe someday. 

Oof ouch owie my formatting