Pain, grief and sorrow. Three things I've tasted from a box I set up to let me feel. 

It was a ingenious idea, a little thing I thought would garner more than just few drops of human compassion. Instead I became a drug, a modern day martyr. 

A man who sold his soul to the idea of hope.

And despair was it's product.


I was resigned to the darkness, I felt it, I understood it and eventually I embraced it. I learned to read the faces of men, every single motion, every little stutter and I loved it. I was becoming a monster who saw through the very soul and I reveled in it. 

And yet, I was hailed a hero, a saint, an example of selflessness personified. The man, who according to them, bore the sins of the world on his shoulders.

And I hated it, because I knew of man and of the truth. That they were nothing more than scared little children running away from their own inner squabbles.

Or so I thought.




It was a gradual decline, both physically and mentally, I felt the years in my bones, the wrinkles in my skin and the cruel touch of time.

I was still angry, sad and alone but there was something else. 

Tears began to well up, I look up for the first time in sixty seven years and I remembered.

I remember the day when I first set up the box, the words I said, the sign I posted and the never ending thanks I recieved.

And all it took was an ounce of Joy.


From a lady whose face I had not seen, whose laugh I had never missed and whose life I had never experienced.

A lady whose smile lies frozen as her light withers away.

And she parts with one small gift, the gift of Love.




The complexity of it, the bitter taste it brings and the life it breathes into a dying man.

I understand now, what I have given and what I have recieved. I thought myself to be no saint but all my life I had done nothing but be one.

I smile, knowing it may be my last. I smile, knowing that through my pain, I had saved lives.


And the eyes of the seas of Men upon me tells all the tales I need be told.

While the sign I clasp fused to my right bares it all.

"Here lies Pandora's Box"
