She looked around the street bustling with activity. Full of people. All speaking French. She had taken two and a half years of French in high school but the language here was almost foreign to her. 

"Good day miss," said a passerby.

"Good day to you as well," she replied. 

"Are you going to the assembly in the square today?"

"I do not know, I just came from the country."

"Well come with me,"

She went along with him as she had no reason not to and he seemed nice enough. The walk to the square was long and she was disgusted by the smells of Paris before sewers and indoor plumbing. However, the sights of the city were amazing even without the Eiffel Tower. 

Upon reaching the square she saw a crowd of hundreds of French people shouting revolutionary phrases. She suddenly realised that she was in the middle of the French Revolution during the Reign of Terror. She saw from where she was a large wooden structure being raised. She asked the man, who's name was Jacques, " What is that thing they are putting up?"

He replied triumphantly, "That is the guillotine where the enemies of the revolution and the Committee of Public Safety go. They must not have these in the country where you are, hmm?"

Her limited understanding of the French language allowed her to only understand a little of what he said but she heard “guillotine” and “enemies of the revolution” and suddenly realised she was at a public execution.

Suddenly she saw the blade of the guillotine fall. The crowd erupted in cheers. This continued for over an hour then she saw heads on top of pikes being carried around the square in a parade. She was disgusted but also intrigued as she moved closer to the guillotine at the centre of the square.

On her right, she heard chanting as a priest was being taken to be executed. She watched, frozen in shock and disgust as this man was put into the guillotine.

The blade fell. She screamed.

Running to the front of the crowd she yelled, “Why would you do this to this innocent priest? He wanted to help you and you kill him.” 

The man in charge of the execution snarled, “You are an enemy of the revolution yourself! You dare defy our cause!”

The crowd chanted “Kill the enemies of the revolution!” over and over. 

Frozen as before she stood at the front realising what had happened. Suddenly she was grabbed and dragged to the guillotine. Her head forced into the machine covered with the blood of those before her.

The blade fell. There was no scream.

“Liberte, Egalite, Fraternite,” The crowd chanted.