Lucifer, the King of Hell, was perturbed. His demons were no longer the fit, muscular, agile beings they used to be. With humanity having managed to be so evil, they were no longer needed on earth. Now the demons only spent their time torturing the souls of the damned, and they could do that with machines. Thus, the once scary horde of evil had grown obese and slow. 

This is where I come in. I am just a regular personal trainer at my local gym, but I received the call from the Lord Of Darkness himself, about three months ago. I could tell it was him when my cell rang and all it showed was 666. I decided to answer. This is how the conversation went.

"Good afternoon, may I ask who this is," I ask in my best professional voice. A very deep, but very frantic voice answers back, "Please don't be afraid, I need your services, and quickly. No one else will help." I gain my composure as the voice does freak me out. "It's ok sir, how can I help?"

"You probably already know that I am Lucifer, Lord Of Hell, but I am not calling you about your immortal soul. I need a personal trainer." 

I laugh a little. "Sitting on your throne has made you gain a few pounds, huh?" I joke. A slight giggle, if you could call it that, emanates from the other end of the conversation. When the voice speaks it is not as frantic. "No, I'm trying to keep myself in shape. It's my demons. They stay here in hell now that they no longer need to mess up things on Earth. And because of that, they've...well...they've gotten fat. Most of them can't even move. I've called others but they won't take the job." At this he starts to plead. "Please, I'll make you richer than Bill Gates. You'll have billions of dollars for the rest of your life if you do this for me."

My face brightens as I hear this. "Ok sir. There's no need to beg. I'll write up my customary contract that I do for corporate groups and we can hammer out the rest of the details." 

A huge sigh of relief can be heard. "Thank you so much!!! I'll bring you down here in two hours time if that's ok." I nod my head. "That's fine sir. I'll see you then."