I walked West on 52 at 3 in the AM with an unexpected travelling companion.

"So, buddy, what's with that scythe?" I asked, ready to bolt if he gave me an answer I didn't like.

"Oh, this? Well, my friend, I'm the Grim Reaper," he declared in a sort of middle-eastern accent I couldn't quite place.

"Right, buddy."

"No, I'm legit. Check this out, my friend," the guy then proceeded to deftly remove his head and spin it like a basketball on the index finger of his free hand. I went a rather apropos ghostly white. He stopped his head spinning, and put it back on his shoulders, steadying himself for a moment. After about ten minutes of me wheezing, I finally calmed down enough to speak again, as we continued to walk at a steady pace down the unusually empty street.

"So, I'm dead then?"

"Indeed, my friend. You were struck by a drunk driver in the parking lot of that Subway a block back."

"Ah, man. That's a pretty lame way to go."

"It was actually quite a spectacle, my friend. He managed to sort of bounce off the curb, got some pretty good air before he hit you."

"Alright. But you still haven't answered my question."

"Oh this? I use it to fuck up monsters."

I really didn't have a response to that. I had become acutely aware that I no longer feel pain, because normally, I'd be feeling a headache right now.

"Monsters?"

"Oh, yeah. Demons, wicked spirits, hungry ghosts, all sorts of nasty things. See, I'm the Grim Reaper, so it's my job to escort the freshly dead," He motioned to me, "To the afterlife."

"Okay. So what do these things want with me?"

"Depends on the thing, my friend. Demons usually want to trade for your soul. Don't take it, it is always a scam my friend. They will offer you a new life and protection from however you died in exchange for a task, then they'll send somebody else to murder you once you've done it. Sneak creatures."

"Alright, don't deal with demons. You mentioned something about hungry ghosts?"

Before he could answer, something leaped out of the shadows of the blacked-out CVS parking lot. It was an ugly thing, gangly and a slimy gray-white, with a twisted, vaguely human torso supported by stretched, impossibly narrow limbs that are neither arms nor legs, each with a rather random number of joints between two and five. It face was contorted into a grim mask of hunger and blind fury, with a huge mouth, like the mouth of a viper, dislocated to gorge on its next big meal.

"Shit!" We both shouted. Without a word, he nodded toward a nearby ditch, and I dove for it. The thing tried to lunge at me, not seeming to notice my companion, until he sunk the blade of his scythe into the monster's side. A sickly gray ooze poured out before the wound closed itself, leaving a bright white scar. The monster tried to grab him, but he rolled to the left and punished him by lopping off the clawed, many-fingered hand that swiped at him. The hand didn't grow back so quickly as the last wound, only forming a lumpy stub as the monster shouted in a mangled, but clearly human voice. The monster ran on its remaining limbs and its stub, leaving us in the quiet of the night.

"That," he said, take great care to wipe his blade, "is a hungry ghost. They refuse to die, but they were too injured to come back the right way, so they sort of hang out here and eat other ghosts until they're strong enough to break out."

"That thing was a person?"

"Yeah, Roger Donahue. Florist, had a wife and a kid with cancer, said he needed to be there for them. His body was too mangled to recover, so there was nothing I could do."

"That was a florist!?"

He nodded. "Some people have a hard time accepting that it's their time, and they run. Mortal souls aren't meant to exist in this place indefinitely, any more than they are meant to live at a bus stop."

"Could I go back?"

"Your body was greatly damaged in the collision. In a few seconds, doctors will try to save you, but you will lose the use of your left arm, your right eye, both your legs, and control over your excretory functions, my friend. I can allow you to return, since you were not scheduled yet, but I do not think you would be interested."

"I guess not," I tried not to imagine what my body might look like right now. "Any other loopholes?"

"You could become like me, protect the dead from the undead, and be immortal, even get to stay on Earth during the daytime."

"That sounds pretty good, actually. What's the catch?"

"No catch. Well, a few catches. No marriage, no children, no contact with those close to you in life, and you work sundown to sunup. Pay's pretty damn good, though. After we reach the Door, I can get you an application. Put in a good word. You were pretty chill back there, most just scream and run."

"Sure. Where's 'the Door'?"

"Oh, about a thousand year's walk, my friend," he smiled, opening a back door to the CVS that I hadn't notice before.