He opened the wooden door with a long drawn out squeak. In his hand a touch rose up illuminating the room and stretching his shadow behind him like taffy. He gazed at the silhouette laying in a bed decorated in fine silks, the moon outlining the perfect beauty of Princess Marianna.

"Alas my Lady! I have" *Clonk!* he stopped abruptly to a thick whack on his head, his helmet rang in his ears. He turned around to find a girl, dressed in a light gown, holding a chair.

"Princess wait" *Clonk* "I am your prin..." *Bang* "I'm trying to slay the..." *Clang* "Will you just sto.." *Bonk*

As the princess berated the knight with her chair a tail slithered into the room, a long scaly tail, a very very long and large scaly tail. the princess dropped the chair as the knight held his hands to his helmed dazed. She leaned back jumped into the air and at the same time the tail and her feat lashed out at the prince, pushing him over the bed and out the window. *clonk clang bonk bing* the knight tumbled down the side of the castle, *SPLOOSH!* and into the water. The princess walked over to the bed and pulled the sheets, revealing a couple of pillows and two watermelons stuffed at the top. "Knights are so stupid huh Ms. V" she turned around and the tail and her hand met in the hair with a quick *THWAK!*

The princess ran down the stairs following the dragons tail and into a large room that was once used as a dinner hall when the castle was new. now it set abandoned for years, covered in dust and in the center of it lay a large red scaly dragon.

"I'm just so sick of it Ms. V" Marianna said to the dragon. "It's like all anyone ever sees in me is, the princess, helpless little Marianna, maybe she will grow up and make a great casserole some day for a Handsom prince" she mocked as she did her best impression of a Nobel man. "Do you have any idea what it is like for people to judge you on your outside and never want to get to know the real you?" she questioned the dragon. The dragon raised her head to agree with a nod but The princess cut her off. "Off course not Ms. V, you're beautiful and caring." She hugged the dragon wrapping her arms around one of her giant scaly legs. "Now let's get to work."

The Princess and the dragon stayed up all night, in fact, most nights, building a stage, writing scripts. She was not destined to be a princess, and Ms. V. Was not destined to be slain in search of a princess. No. They were going to be the best play writers in the world.