Raph watched his mother intently as she plunged the knife over and over again into his long dead body. A crimson mist hung in the air, mixing with his mother's tears and staining her clothing. Suddenly, Raph felt *something* touch his shoulder.

"It wasn't your fault you know."

The soft voice slithered it's way down Raph's spine. Shivers racked his body as he slowly turned around. Something stood before him that he just........ couldn't understand. Immediate feelings of nostalgia overtook him, yet he couldn't place their origin. It was like seeing a childhood friend you scarce remember wave at you from the horizon; their familiar voice reigniting a sense of adventure and excitement you forgot even existed. 

The beings form was covered in mist, though Raph could tell there was something underneath it all. Someone or something from his past, a memory given physical form. "Are you an angel?" Raph said.

The being chuckled and said, "Death, to be specific." Death removed it's hand from Raph's shoulder and continued, "I wish to apologize before anything else. Your predicament," Death waved to his mother now hunched over his body, still weeping, "was entirely my fault it would seem."

Raph stood there, unfazed by the revelation. He always knew something was off with him. He never felt like he really understood everyone else or their feelings. He had never cried, never once fell in love, never felt what everyone called 'empathy' or 'anger'. This difference was itself what caused his death. 

Raph's emotionless vessel terrified his religious mother. For years, she took him to every holy man she could. Thinking he was under some kind of demonic possession, priests regularly tried to exorcise him. The rituals often included long, painful sessions of praying on his knees for God to forgive him of his perceived wrongdoings. Seeing they had no effect, she eventually turned to more extreme methods. 

For years he was tortured by his mother. Forced self mutilation, almost drowning him in buckets of holy water, screaming old latin incantations at him for hours on end, and more. Her fear took hold of her, and she began to believe he was the anti-Christ. One especially hysterical session of screaming incantations, Raph had enough and told his mother he wouldn't be subjected to the punishments any longer. He tried to leave the house, but before he could reach the door she had grabbed a kitchen knife. 

Raph looked up at death. "What *exactly* was wrong with me?"

"Well, you see, we forgot to put in your soul before we sent you down here."

Incredulous, Raph's head tilted. Absolutely flabbergasted, Raph stammered out, "Is a soul something easy to forget?"

If Death could blush, his misty form would have changed to a bright pink cloud. "Look, I handle a lot of soul ferrying and body reconstruction every day. You would mess up too if you had to ferry millions of people across the afterlife *and* had to make millions more humans, each with their own unique characteristics I might add, in the span of twenty-four hours. Humans breed even faster these days than those annoying rabbits."

"So what are you going to do about it?" Raph asked.

"About what?"

"About my missing soul." 

"Well you see kid, I'm kind of overworked right now."

"You literally ruined my entire life here on earth. Don't tell me you won't do anything."

Frustrated, Death exclaimed, "Fine! You want your soul, go find it yourself!" Reaching behind his back, Death produced a large scythe. The metal was black, yet shiny as if it had just been polished and scrubbed to perfection. Shoving the scythe towards Raph, he said, "Go on, take it!"

"What am I supposed to do with this?" Raph said as he gingerly took it out of Death's hands.

Death smiled devilishly and said, "Take back your life, literally. Now look, I might have dropped your soul off in the Fields of Gothra. I'll take you there and you can look all over for it for as long as you want if you really want a second chance at life. However," Death pointed towards the sky, "I won't be liable if you get ripped to pieces by the monsters there."

"Monsters?" Raph said wearily. "Can't you just give me a new soul?" 

"Of course not!" Death scoffed. "I make each soul specifically for their vessel." 

Raph stared at the scythe in his hands. For the first time, he felt a longing within himself. Somehow, he needed to complete this task. He needed to understand his mother's actions. Raph whispered, "Fine. Let's do this."

Death began to feel some excitement erupting within his old bones. This would be the first time in milennia a vessel would take on the challenge. Turning around, he ripped a tear into the fabric of reality, creating a portal into the Fields. Yelling back to Raph, Death said, "Good luck kid. If you find your soul, or give up, call for me. Till then, head through here if you really want to go through with this quest."

Raph wore his imitation of what others called 'determination' and asked Death a final question. "How will I know once I've found my soul?" 

"It'll be the one thing in any reality you really care about." replied Death. 

Taking a deep breath, Raph ran and leaped through the tear. He ran for a new life, a second chance to change his fate. To find out what it really meant to be human. To be whole.

 