The emboldened bedsprings tunnelled into my back as I lay gazing at the grey and clouded ceiling. My three compadres in the cell around me chattered idly; they knew the wrongs they had wrought, often wilfully, sometimes negligently - yet how I came to be shut away behind the clichéd stainless steel 10-foot bars remained elusive. I had seemingly been locked away for as long as my memory permitted, yet my crime was not so manifested in my head as the punishment for which I was experiencing – a lapse of memory not so implausible with such little mental stimulation. Such is the nature of this ‘paradise’ of the damned – cold, cinderblock walls that yield no solace to the destitute, the desperate and the despised.

A guard tapped his keys on the bars and looked at me knowingly. I arose from my bunk - as a top-bunker I enjoyed sliding down the ladder and being reminded of my once-victory over “Slim Jim”, a recently paroled 6’11 African-American behemoth from the cell next door, following an arm wrestling match. Slim Jim actually turned out to be an informant – or a snitch, hence the early parole – but this didn’t stop me from earning top-bunker status in light of my victory. Though not built by any means, I was athletic. How I was athletic still I was unsure, for my prison days were all groundhog days that I had spent indoors, and the groundhog days blended together until they too fell apart in my ailing memory.

I idly sauntered over to the bars of the cell, not wanting to appear too eager to meet the uniformed gentleman stood outside. He thrust a key into the lock and opened the cell gate, an unusual circumstance given that it was 5pm on a Friday and dinner is served at 7pm, usually without all the pomp and circumstance attributed to some key tapping. This was different, somehow. The guard took my left arm somewhat roughly, and led me outside.

 ...................................

“Free?” I nearly choked. “You are serious?”

The warden stared through me piercingly from his mahogany throne. Slowly his eyes scanned me down from head to toe, and continued moving onto the reams of paper scattered over his desk. He nodded slowly, tersely almost, as if he was forcing his neck muscles to move by focussing every ounce of his being into doing so. I arose from my chair.

“Thank you Warden, for giving me this opportunity.” I beamed, extending my hand. The guard almost reflexively yanked my extended arm with casual roughness away from the warden and began ushering me to the door. I watched as the warden’s eyes watched me rigidly. His body language spoke volumes of his stance on what he was doing – paroling a convict. Whether this was the same for all prisoners or just for me, I was not entirely sure, but I had the distinct impression he was displeased with the new lease on life I had been granted.

....................................

I didn’t think the outside world was much different from the prison courtyard. Same smells in the air, same sky, same people around me; all seeking direction and purpose. The courtyard gates slammed behind me and I felt unexpectedly little liberation. My first port of call was the bank, as currency was deposited for the recently paroled to ease the transition period. Somewhat bizarrely, I almost instinctively knew that the nearest bank was directly opposite the prison, either a miscalculation by city planners or an intended feature to some degree, I wondered.

I had to hold back from swaggering into the bank with such light-heartedness in my soul. The line was deep, and the wait savage, but my spirits remained unimpeded. I began admiring the architecture of such a building – even the waiting area was grandiose, with high arches and golden paintwork that truly symbolised the free world.

I was rudely interrupted by the doors slamming open, and four persons charging into the lobby, armed to the teeth with weaponry and rudely wearing balaclavas to obstruct vision of their faces. No expert on guns, I deduced the weapons they held were similar to those I had noticed the prison border guards carrying. My first reaction was to run, but before I could begin moving, the room erupted in noise.

“GET ON THE FLOOR” screamed one of the men, firing three rounds into the lights of the bank above. I froze, contrary to the command but instinctively, and watched as the remaining patrons obeyed wilfully and fell onto their chests. The men swiftly moved towards the bank clerks, firing rounds into the ceiling to affirm their authority. One of the men approached the now-terrified bank teller and yelled incoherently through the bulletproof glass, gesturing wildly. Two men circled the room, yelling at people to lay flatter whilst somehow completely ignoring my presence.

“HEY” the fourth man spoke. I realized I had been statuesque since the first command, allowing the fourth, a tall, balaclava’d giant of a man, to flank me, whom now stood menacingly to my left. I edged my head counter-clockwise and came face to face with this hulk.

“You want in on this?” he quietly gestured to his gun. I stared, speechless, unable to react to the strangely familiar voice that was now addressing me directly. The man edged his balaclava away from his face, a bushy black beard falling out and I caught a glimpse of a man who I didn’t think I’d see again but was all too familiar.

“... Jim? Slim Jim?” I spluttered, unsure of what I was seeing. Everything was happening so quickly. The man moved in towards me.

“Yeah, look man just take this, we’ll sort you out aight?” he whispered loudly over the noise, and thrust a cold metal instrument into my hands. A quick pat on the shoulder and Jim had flung himself back into the fray of patrons whilst yelling, despite many being immobilised on the floor in terror. I looked down at the dark, heavy machination in my grasp and instinctively held it tightly, but correctly. I knew nothing about guns. If I didn’t hold it correctly, what’s to stop it going off if I dropped it?

I was shaking from the adrenaline and fear that pulsed within me when the bank doors slammed open again, hitting the walls. Uniformed police officers with riot shields began piling into the bank - I counted six but it seemed like a thousand. I heard more gunshots than I have ever heard in my life, a helicopter rotor, and the screams of a hundred people in unison before my eyes glazed over with darkness, and all faded to nought.

...............................................

I stirred, and opened my eyes to bright lights and a white-coated man standing over me, as a mask was placed over my mouth and nose. I felt a cold gas surround my face, and the slumber returned.

...............................................

It feels like only yesterday since I had been discharged from the medical bay.

The emboldened bedsprings tunnelled into my back as I lay gazing at the grey and clouded ceiling. My three compadres in the cell around me chattered idly; they knew the wrongs they had wrought, often wilfully, sometimes negligently - yet how I came to be shut away behind the clichéd stainless steel 10-foot bars remained elusive. I had seemingly been locked away for as long as my memory permitted, yet my crime was not so manifested in my head as the punishment for which I was experiencing – a lapse of memory not so implausible with such little mental stimulation. Such is the nature of this ‘paradise’ of the damned – cold, cinderblock walls that yield no solace to the destitute, the desperate and the despised.

A guard tapped his keys on the bars and looked at me knowingly.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apologies, this deviated from the experiencing time backwards slightly, but I wanted to keep the manipulation of time as a theme. I hope this is suitable, thanks for reading!