I stepped out of the time machine.

"Oh shit, those are bodies." 

I stepped back into the time machine. 

The jolly thought of 'set a course for pizza beach!' faded in and out as I gazed at the array of buttons. Blinking buttons. Or was I blinking? Was time blinking!? Oh my God what if time and I had synchronized our blinks which somehow led to all of these people being MURDERED!!!11! No, that's fucking stupid...but possible. I decided to explore that later.

"Hello!" I whispered as loud as I could, which turned out to be a yell.

Nothing. 

"hello." I yelled as softly as I could, which turned out to be a whisper (you're tracking with me). 

I double decided to think more about my time blinking conundrum. Okay, if time is a flat circle, but also a trampoline because it's woven into space like a fourth dimensional quilt, then how can it blink? Wait, why was I thinking that earlier? I must have been in shock because... because... 

"Because?" I peeked through the open slat of the machine. "Oh yeah because of all the murder."

"HELLOOOOO!" I tried one last time in all caps, just in case. Again, noth-

That's when I noticed it. Hastily written on the wall in what looked like blood were the letters: S.O.R.Y. 

"Okay so our murderer is from Northern Ontario."

I noticed the missing R. 

"Our murderer is from Southern Ontario."

Suddenly, nothing happened. Just like in the Douglas Adams movie where people dress in towels. Then, as fast and as suddenly as nothing happened, nothing DIDN'T happen! Oh hoh! Gotcha you little pickle. 

"Gotcha you little pickle!" screamed a probable Canadian man (total narrating coincidence). "I'm Sory you couldn't live-"

"You mean sorry" I heroically corrected as the man slipped in a sweet REAR NAKED CHOKE on my immaculate neck (which was immaculate). 

"That's what I said ya' fakin goof!" 

'Northern Ontario: French Canadian' I thought. I clasped his forearm with both hands to relieve some pressure."No, no, you..." struggling "You said 'sory' with one R."

"Wat the fuk ever there bud, you're gonna die anyway."

I'll be 100% honest with you dear reader. I didn't want to die. I couldn't die. I mean, I could have died... Oh shit I spoiled the ending. Well, I'll finish that thought. I mean, I could have died, but the thought of wanting to die never crossed my mind. In fact it didn't cross my mind SO HARD that I now believe that the proper neural pathways to form such a simple thought don't exist within my cerebrum. Or cerebellum. Or just the entire thing. 

As the choke sank deeper into my corotids, I relaxed and drew a short, farty sounding breath. 

I blinked. 

The universe blinked too. 

The French Canadian's head exploded. 

"Ah, sory."