We uncovered the mysteries of physics, we uncovered the mysteries of chemistry and of biology. We then found out what connected it all, what connected the energy between all things.

Magic.

Our society progressed immensly, granting extremely long lies and healthy bodies.
Granting powers and weapons.
They were useful, so why not?

My family was in a long line of sorcerers.
We were always great with spells and had therefore accumulated quite the power in society.
My 18th birthday would be in a few hours, I was excited.
I spend the day with friends which surprised me because my father always kept me at a distance from the others.
We went to the theater, ate out like no-one before did and partied in the club 'till midnight.

The walk home was short and uneventful and my father waited for me at the front door. A extremely handsome guy with a small mustache and a wide grin waved me.

"Come in, kiddo"

"Stop calling me like that, dad"

"Arright, productive member of the society it is, then?"

"That one‘s even worse"

"Arright, then you can decide"

"Oh, okay. How about adult then?"

"Way to simple!"

"I decide, not you, dad."

"Ngh, okay"

We went inside and father gave me something so I wouldn‘t wake up with a hangover.

"A true family secret, this medicine. Cleans your bloodstreams and your mind. I'm thankful for my gramps to have taught me the recipe. Helped having a clear head after excessive negotiations."

My father drank a lot with his colleagues when his work week was over. Sometimes too much.

"Let‘s get to sleep, Max, and expect the new day. Good night"

He closed his room.

"Good night, dad"

———The next morning———

"So, Max, it might sound weird but our family is in a long line of reapers, our task is separating souls from their bodies completely so there aren‘t any weird side effects happening like undead. The soul will then disappear and search for a new body to be reborn in. Our family is powerful because of that. We worked together with some people to let humans live longer  in order to manage the soul-deficiency overpopulation caused..."

My father continued babbling while I stared at the scythe that was stuck in the wall over my head.

"... and in order to keep a balance and not accidentaly start a mass extinction of humans by having too many people dying at once without spare newborns we do our  job. 
Got that?"

"Ehm, no?"

"Great, you managed to respond. Arright, max, time to get some hands-on experience."

"Ehm, okay."

Father grabbed the scythe, pulled it out and gave it to me. I took and suddenly got weird, like, I was here but also not. I saw weird stuff floating around. Father went iut of my room and returned soon after with his scythe.

"So, max, any questions on your first day?"

"Sounds weird, but do reapers also have souls? Do they also search for a new body?"

"Yes, max, the only thing different between normal humans and reapers is that they search for a body of a direct descendant."

"So my soul is someone from my forefathers?"

"Exactly."

"Oh, okay. Do you happen to know who it was previously?"

"Of course. Your previous incarnation was my grandfather. You loved teasing me when I was a kid so see yesterdays tease as a kind of payback."