“Mr. Gallagher, may I ask you a personal question?” my doctor said as he read over the short-novel of medical records that detailed exactly how I came to be what I am today.

“Yeah, yeah, I get it. Everyone has the same question. And the answer is, ‘not very well.’”

“I’m sorry?”

“My dick. You want to know if my dick still works. Every mother fucker I meet wants to know if my dick works, and the answer is that it doesn’t work very well.”

The doctor, I think his name was Dr. Elliot, stared at me with something like embarrassment and terror. It was almost like the sudden turn that this conversation had taken was physically scary to him. Less scary than, say, a cannibal with a cleaver; more scary than, say, a cockroach peeking out of your creamed corn. “Mr. Gallagher… I don’t know if I can express just how much that was not my intended question.”

“Please, Doc, call me Mikey.”

The doctor finally sat down on a rolling chair and moved near where I was laying. He opened his mouth to speak and then paused to look over my body one more time. The stump where my left knee had once been, the chunk of my right torso that had been torn away, the skinny belly that happens after several feet of intestine is removed, the atrophied right leg that results from disuse following a spinal injury. His pause turned into a stare.

“Hey, Doc, my eyes are up here. I’m not just a collection of improbable misfortunes for you to ogle at, pervert.”

“Mr. Gallagher… Mikey. Are you a religious man?”

“I have to be.”

“Why’s that?”

“Because I need to believe that there’s a cosmic complaint desk somewhere where I can file a fucking grievance against whatever asshole was writing the script for my life. Because I need to believe that someone fucking did this to me. Because it’s easier to believe that someone fucked me than to believe some unlubricated dildo of fate just lodged itself in my ass. Is that making sense, Doc?” 

I have to admit, ever since the accident, I had become something of a poet.

Dr. Elliot took a deep breath and extended his hand out to mine; I jerked it away, he recoiled. “Mikey, I-“

“Doc, who the hell are you? Andrews is the doctor who has to come in here twice a day and pretend I’m not a lost cause. Who the hell are you?”

“Do you believe in the soul, Mikey?”

“Fuck off, Doc.”

“I am serious. Do you believe in a soul. Do you believe that you are more than matter? That there is some nonmaterial entity that is as equally you as your body is?”

“I think I’d like you to leave me alone. Can you do that, Doc? Did they teach you advanced fucking off in medical school? Because I gotta say, I think I’m feeling some religious discrimination and emotional dist-”

“I can kill you, Mikey.”

Now he had my attention.

“That’s what you want. I can see it all over your face. You don’t want to live anymore, this life is not at all to your liking. I can do that for you, Mikey.”

“…Alright…. Alright, let’s talk. What’s all this stuff about the soul?”

“Mikey, I am a Psychiatrist. That is my profession and the way I make my living. I am also a paranormal investigator and an amateur theologian: those are my passions. Recently my vocation and my passions careened into one another.

“Four months ago one of my patients who has been showing steady improvement for years had to suddenly be committed. He complained about something that he called ‘Ichod Bob.’ He said Ichod Bob stood over him in the morning, he said that Ichod Bob sat at his table in the evening, he said Ichod Bob held him at night. He committed himself, after Ichod Bob told him how sweet the blood of his nieces would taste. He began making plans for how he could isolate those nieces – and the day before he intended to implement that plan he rushed to me for help.”

“I don’t… see what that has to do with anything….”

“I assumed an episode of psychosis. I placed the patient under observation and continual care. Then two months ago, we found an nineteen-year old girl with an elderly patient in a supply closet: the young girl had been chewing the flesh off of the elderly patient’s arm. It was a miracle we reached them before it was fatal. The young girl had no history of violence, she was prone to self-harm instead. However, “Ichamod” told her that eating that old woman would make all the inner pain go away.”

I’m not going to lie, somewhere in the upper region of my spine I felt a tiny signal radiate through what little of my body could still feel. It was the same feeling I used to get when I saw bullies pick on the neighborhood kids or the feeling I had when my dad came home from a day of backbreaking labor with the news that he had been laid off so that someone younger could do his work for less pay. It was the urge to punch until the world made sense again. It was the urge to fix things, violently.

I was not an educated man, I was not a patient man. I was a fighter. I don’t know if I made the world better or worse, but I do know one thing. If you did something cruel to another person around me, I would make you regret it.

Dr. Elliot continued, “It was assessed that my first patient had told the young girl about ‘Ichod Bob,’ and the young girl warped his stories into her own delusion of ‘Ichamod.’ We isolated the girl and the first patient from the others and conducted interviews to see if the story had spread to anyone else.

“As it turned out, none of the other patients had spoken to our first patient. In fact they believed he was mute because of how little he spoke. Most of them, however, knew about Ichod Bob. Or Ichamod. Or Icky Raw. Or Ichus Saw. Or enough other variations that I became confident that these patients were interacting with something….”

“Why are you telling me this?”

“Do you believe in the soul, Mikey Gallagher? Do you believe that even if you break a warrior’s body, there’s still a warrior spirit somewhere?”

Did I believe it? I certainly wanted to.

“Let me tell you what I think. I think your body is broken. I think your mind is quickly following: you see yourself as a broken man and you are retreating into sarcasm as your last line of defense. I also think that if I strip away your body and your mind, there’s still something that is more truly Mikey Gallagher than either your body or your mind. I also believe that there is something evil in my psych ward than cannot be approached physically or cognitively.”

“Why me?”

“You were a fighter your entire life, Mikey. You fought on the streets until the police put a stop to it. You boxed. You fought mixed martial arts. Violence is your nature, Mr. Gallagher. However, your greatest act in this world was saving that girl from those monsters who wanted to hurt her… and you paid a high price for your heroism. That tells me that your nature is essentially heroic.”

“What does that mean?”

“Imagine a spirit, Mikey. You won’t have a mind that I can give instructions to. You won’t have a body that I can train. You will only have your essential nature that has been shaped by all of your life experiences. I can’t trust a mercenary here, Mikey, I can only trust a genuine hero.”

Dr. Elliot was holding a syringe in his hand. I stared him in the eye looking for proof of the obvious: that he was insane. In that moment, though, he seemed like one of the few people in my life who really seemed to know what was going on and wanted me to do the right thing. He reminded me of my priest, my older brother, my dad, my one history teacher that wasn’t a cunt. There was only one sensible thing for my crippled ass to do.

“Alright, Doc, kill me.”

***

Its name was Ichor Maw. It wasn’t a name so much as a title. 
It had a permanent smile that stretched from one ear, down to the chin, and up to the next ear. When it’s mouth was closed the angles looked all wrong; it looked less like an organic mouth and more like an uninspired child had too much Jameson before carving their pumpkin.

It was only when it finally let its lips separate that you understood its name. It didn’t have a mouth; it had the kind of hole in the face that you’d expect Hate to have. It was all razor blades and leaking fluids, like a mouth that wasn’t designed to eat, it was designed to hurt. 

Whatever happened there wasn’t a fight. It was not as though I busted out my ghost muay thai and kicked it’s ass back to hell. I do not know exactly how to describe it, but I will try my best.

Imagine something that feeds on fear and madness. Imagine some primal force that roams the world inspiring terror, loathing, delusion, and exploitation. Now imagine that primal force encountered a dumbass object that didn’t understand fear or hatred, and wasn’t creative enough to be deluded. That object just really liked hurting things that hurt other people.

Well, that primal force is going to have to destroy that dumbass object, and that dumbass object is going to have to fuck up that primal force.

Dr. Elliot revived me about two hours later. He asked me what had happened, and I gave him the same shitty description I just gave you. The world of spirits is not as cut and dry as I like, I couldn’t even say for sure that I won, I only knew that I didn’t lose.

The patients no longer seemed to see their bogeyman, neither did the young girl with the new cannibalistic tendencies, but the first patient said that ‘Ichod Bob’ remained huddled in his room. Good, that means I beat the little bitch’s ass.

Once the patients started to see him again, Dr. Elliot killed me again. Round 2 between Mikey Gallagher and Ichor Maw. Same story: I don’t know what the hell happened, but the patients don’t see their monster anymore. This time it takes a few weeks before the first patient even sees him again. This becomes the routine: every two months or so Dr. Elliot kills me for a few hours, and somewhere in the spiritual dimension of the cosmos I fight some primal evil. 

Because I might be broken.

I might be slowly going crazy.

But, by God, do I hate a bully. By God, do I love a fight.  