Steven pulled his jacket tighter around his body and wandered on through the winter wasteland that was his small Minnesota town. He was fiending and broke and just out of prison for a Felony Burglary charge. He had first felt the drugs wearing off about an hour ago and now he was looking to make some money to score some more glass. Steven found himself in a nicer neighborhood and as he rounded a corner he saw a house that stood out as an easy pick for someone such as himself. He quickly scanned the area noticing that there were no automobiles parked in the driveway and only one light was on in the house, the porch light. He quickly scaled the fence and jumped over. Steven was not a young man anymore and had spent most of the last 15 years locked up. He was about 38 his hair was a dirty mop of greasy locks. He was however fit from working out in jail mostly to pass the time. " Hope they have some liquor  or pills" Steven muttered to himself and he made his way to the side of the house away from the view of the street. He took his backpack off and unzipped it and prepared to infiltrate the home. He slid his pry bar under the window and gave it a pull. For a half a second his adrenaline pumped as he braced for the sound of an alarm, his fight or flight kicking in. He pulled himself inside and stood up. The window behind him made a loud noise as a steel shutter came down startling Steven. "Fuck it has a silent alarm". "Player 2 has entered the game" resounded throughout the house. Steven had never been good at games. "What the fuck?" Steven screamed as he noticed every door and window was barricaded with steel from the inside there was no way out. Steven noticed there was nothing in this house. Not a single piece of furniture. No sign of human life. He cautiously made his way into the next room and the same held true for the next room. He heard a shuffle from the far side of the room and he peeked through the doorway. He gasped as he realized what he was looking at... 5 corpses all lined up with numbers drawn on their chest. The one that said 1:57 on his chest had the most bodily damage. "Wha" Steven tried to say as a knife pierced his heart through his ribcage. As he fell he could barely hear anything over the sound of his pounding heart but he saw a young woman with red hair leaning over him. "3 minutes not bad" she said as Steven bled out to the sound of "Game Over, Player 1 Wins"