She pulled the knife out of the man after his body didn't show any more signs of life and she knew what would happen next. Out of nowhere there was a flash of a shadow in the dim lit room "Another job well done baby girl." Came out of the darkness  "Thank you! It was all for you!" The girl replied. A tall, slim, dark figure stepped into the dim light and stared at the girl with his dark purple almost black eyes. "Shut up you did well and I know why you did it. Do you want your reward or would you rather keep talking?"  The girl looked away at the man and stared at the floor. "Look at me! Don't you disrespect me!" He grabbed her throat and put her on the wall and licked his lips. "Look at me! Look at me!" The girl with both her hands almost fully wrapped around his one holding her neck to the wall looked up at him having to put all her energy for each breath. "You are a Failure what happened to the girl I used to know? You used to make these visits meaningful. Now your mine" His eyes flared open and he grabbed her and put her on the bed choking her but leaving just enough air to breathe. She struggled and couldn't move his hand he Grabbed her and she moaned with pleasure She knew there was no stopping him and wasn't sure she wanted to. He tightened the grip and she could feel herself lose consciousness Slipping in and out she saw that her dress was ripped off and then she was completely gone. 

The next morning she woke up tied to the bed and some *mysterious* white liquid on her face and the room was empty except sunlight barley making it in a window She saw a note in the window knowing it was from him but she had no way out of this. The time passed and passed and none came she had no way out. 

She had woke still tied but this time it was different. He was here. "Hello" He rubbed his hands slowly on her body. "Why have you done this to me we had something going here? "I am the Grim Reaper you really think I love you? You don't think I fuck girls like you every night? Love is a human construct. I am no longer Human I am a broken shell of what's left a soul to never be taken. You were nothing special and now your tired and wore out there is others that can do it better faster and Give me what I'm looking for in the end. Your at rock bottom from the killing you've done. That's not attractive to me. This is your time Bitch." He lifted his scythe and removed the small bit of fight she had in her. "Lay here like the others have done No one will ever find you You won't ever die here I have removed all fight and hope you had left in you. Your a worthless killer who fell in love with Death. You mess with the Reaper your get the grim."