Mr. Buckley carefully decorated the edge of his son’s birthday cake, circling the “Happy Birthday Robbie” in a sugary turquoise frosting. It was quiet in the kitchen, but the kids could be heard playing outside through the deck door. It was slightly drowned out by the music playing on the sound system, from the “Bazzles Birthday Bash” CD that his son had wanted played at every birthday party  for the past nine years. Mr. Buckley hated the CD, but after almost a decade of hearing it he figured it was easier to just try and enjoy it rather than wallowing in negativity. He sang along to the last lyric as he finished decorating;

*“Brazzles is a-coming for the birthday bash,
Brazzles is a-coming with his birthday dance
Brazzles is a-coming so you better act fast
Cus when Brazzles gets a-goin he’ll eat your cake like that!”*

He dotted the *“i”* in *”birthday”* with and extra inflection on the song’s final lyric. He took a step back for a moment to admire his work.

*POOF!!!*

The cake exploded into a cloud of flowery dust and blue confetti. Mr. Buckley was blown on his ass from the force. His glasses had fallen off his face, and he fumbled his hands desperately on the floor around him in search of them. His fingertips soon felt the frame. The glass was covered in a film of white dust. He wiped it off and slid the frame on his nose. He grabbed the countertop and pulled himself up from the floor. The dust had settled by now, and he saw, standing on his cake, a blue, two foot tall… thing, wearing a blue tutu and holding a pink wand. It was...Brazzles.

 On the CD art, he had blue fur that was wide and flat, like stips of confetti. His legs and arms were skinny, and he had two sets of fairy wings between his shoulder blades. He wore nothing but a TuTu, and his feet were like a roosters. His mouth opened up into what seemed like a puppets, and offered a friendly toothless muppet smile.He had big green eyes and a red tomato nose. He looked like he belonged on Sesame Street.
 
This thing was different from the Brazzles as on the CD cover. He still followed the same outline, but looked more… homeless. He was fat, and his fur seemed more rough. He had the TuTu and wand still, but the TuTu had burn marks all over it, and Bazzles seemed to be using the wand to keep a cigarette lit. He hunched over a bit, and had a mug of a face, with a five o’clock shadow. He had the same muppet mouth, but his eyes were droopy and tired, and only half open, and his nose looked more like a faded brown. He was coughing hard as he waved the dust away from his face.

“Damn, I hate that shit…” he mumbled to himself with a gruff smoker's-voice. He sounded like one of those stereotypical New York construction workers. Every vowel and consonant vocalized like his throat was covered in a thick, greasy hair. He coughed some more and looked down at his feet.

“God damn it I landed in the cake again.” he said. He pulled his feet from the cake, which were just normal muppet feet in a pair of dirty and hole-ridden sneakers, instead of the rooster feet on the cover, and scraped the cake off his soles with the tip of his wand.

Mr. Buckley just stared at him, dumbfounded. He figured he must have hit his head hard and was in a coma. He walked closer to the thing, looking at it like he was seeing a ghost.

“Woah… you alright guy?” Brazzles asked. “You look high.”

Mr. Buckley lifted his hand up when he got to the counter, and reached it out to Brazzles. His hand was trembling.

“Hey what the hell are you doing?” Brazzles asked. Mr. Buckley got his hand very close to Brazzles, and was about to touch his wing when brazzles smacked him across the face with his wand.

“Gahh! What the hell are you doing?” Brazzles asked. “Do you just walk up to strangers and touch them like that? What are you, autistic?” 

“Are you… Brazzles?” Mr Buckley choked out.

“Yeah, I’m *a* Brazzles. Duh.”

Mr Buckley grabbed the CD cover. “You… don’t look like him. You look… worse.”

“Oh well *sorry* we can’t all be beautiful.”

“Yeah but… does Brazzles smoke? I mean… I don’t get it… where are your bird feet? You’re just wearing tennis shoes. And, are you… spray painted blue? You look like a really bad knock off, or like one of those drug addict homeless people down by the-”

“Ok stop,” interrupted Brazzles, “before I get depressed and kill myself,” he barked. “Look your soul aint pure enough to afford a good Brazzles. The *real* Brazzles is off dancing for kids like the George Alexander Louis kid, or the really devout christian kids, or the Pope. The Pope loves Brazzles.”

“Wait… what?” asked Mr. Buckley.

“Your soul, It’s all dirty and sad.” said Brazzles.

“What… why? I’m a good person!” said Mr. Buckley.


“Oh I’m sure you are, and I’m a famous hollywood actor. Look, tell me, when was the last time you been to church?”

“Well… we’re a busy family! I have to work all the time to afford the things we need” 

“Yeah, and want is a sin, or something.”

“What, we’re not greedy! We’re making a livin-”

“Look look look,” Brazzles interrupted, “it don’t even matter.” He took a long puff from his cigarette. “You don’t want that other *real Brazzles* ass hole anyway, trust me. He’s high maintenance as hell, and I’m pretty sure he’d try to fuck your wife. *I’m* an honest business-demon, just fell on some hard times…’

“Wait, buisness-*demon*?” asked Mr. Buckley.

“Yeah.” said Brazzles, dropping his cigarette onto the counter and crushing it out.

“That doesn’t make any sense.”

“This whole thing don’t make sense, explain.” Brazzles pulled out another cigarette from behind his head.

“Demons are bad… why would my soul need to be pure to get a better Brazzles, wouldn’t it need to be un-pure?”

“No, see we’re still agents of God, right? Satan works for god, they aint’ really enemies or nuthin. See, Brazzles is a symbol of, like, greediness and shit. So, like, the good Brazzles is sent to the un-sinful, cus everyone needs a bit of sin on their record to develop into real people with real issues, but guys like you already have that, so you appreciate shit, and so you get the shitty one. I know, it doesn’t really make sense, but it’s like spoiling the milk to make cottage cheese.”

“Wait... but it’s not even *my* birthday, it’s my sons. He’s only nine. I can’t imagine *he* has a bad soul.” said Mr. Buckley.

“Oh... that’s true I guess. Huh…” Brazzles took a seat on the edge of the counter. He sparked another cigarette, and materialized a document in his hand. A pair of small reading glasses appeared on his nose. He read through the document carefully for a few seconds. “The kids name *is* Norman, right? Norman Buckley?”

“No, actually, that’s my name.” said Mr, buckley, who we’ll just refer to as Norman from now on, because “Mr. Buckley” is a lot of effort to type all of the time.

“Ahhh….” said Brazzles. “Well that’s the problem then. *You* must have been the one who summoned me.”

“Summoned you?” Norman said, inquisitively.

“Yeah, it says it right on the back of the CD, see?” Brazzles materialized the CD case in his hand and read from the back. “Bring life to any birthday party Brazzles the Birthday Bashing Beelzebub. Simply sing along to any of the nine, tail-wagging tracks while decorating your cake, and presto! You got a cool new buddy to dance with.”

“What? Let me see.” Norman grabbed the CD case from Brazzles hand, reading it over.

“I don’t know why you’re wasting your time, you’re just gonna read exactly what I just said.” Brazzles said. Norman ignored him, reading the back of the CD over under his breath.

“How have I never seen this before…” Norman said.

“Yeah…” Brazzles replied. “Look, I can see this is all a total disaster so, I’m just gonna go.”

“Wait you can’t go, my son loves Brazzles!”

“I’m sure he does, but he didn’t summon me, and it’s not even your birthday. Technically i’m supposed to cut off the top digit of your pinkey for a false summoning, but I don’t really feel like it. Plus I already destroyed the cake and I kinda feel bad about that.. You can try again later, but usually an address is put on a six month block list after a summoning to avoid some psychopath from trying to build a Brazzle army or some shit, or just for spam reasons.”

“Oh…”

“Yeah, so I’m gonna go. I got a sweet little imp waiting back home for me.” Brazzles took his wand, and with it drew a cut into the air. A portal opened, edged in a burnt-paper seal, with flames licking through and embers rifting out. “And listen, if I were you, I’d stop singing along to children's birthday music. It’s kinds pathetic.”

With that, Brazzles leaped through the portal. It closed shut with a loud *POP*, and he was gone. All that was left was the floury powder everywhere, the blue confetti, the ruined cake, and the slumped figure of a newly-disheveled man.
