We arrived at the dwarf planet at what our scientists appropriated to be the beginning of the 10th month in their solar year. Having only one sun, the planet followed a standard, yet bygone elliptical path, conditions that were ruled unsafe by our government after the Red Era, during which many of our colony planets were destroyed by collapsing stars. The ruling dictated that single star solar systems proved to be too dangerous as the lifespan of our colonies gradually began exceeding that of the stars. However now we approached a race whose end was brought not by the collapse of their star's core, but by the destruction of their own planet. I marvelled at the beings' ability to neglect their planet to the point of destruction, it was inconceivable.

As we began our descent through the planets atmosphere, our ship detected signs of low level radio activity, previously thought to be extinct, it was one of the most primitive forms of communication. 

Much of their planet was underwater, settlements hid well below the water's surface with no apparent provisions for breathable air, indicating perhaps that this planet was once inhabited by aquatic beings. And yet there existed large, poorly constructed, floating structured which clearly served as makeshift housing, meaning the aquatic beings could breathe in air as well as underwater.  

The planets main power sources were archaic and volatile, utilising the burning of the planets finite resources in order to create electricity. Large sections of the planets crust had been excavated and removed in order to facilitate the continuation of such practices. There also existed energy sources which shared a resemblance with the ancient predecessors of our own energy.  Large turbines powered by the wind and sheets which collected the energy of the sun, however these sources were scarce and sparse on the planets surface. 

My mind was scrambled as I struggled to grasp the cause of this planets demise, unable to comprehend the reason of its destruction.

We were unable to integrate any of our own technology into that of the planets. Their computers operated on far lower power and our techs lacked the knowledge to create power from their own equipment. Upon further analysis the strongest of the detected radio signals seemed to originate from the north most point of the planet, in the middle of a vast ocean.

When we arrived at the location, there was nothing but a lone structure, slanted and floating on the waters surface connected to large, floating primitive sun sheets. Inside the structure, computer screens were dimly lit, scrolling information about the environment such as air composition and temperature. One much smaller, foldable unit sat up in the corner. It was dented and had little ridges on the bottom, clearly due to frequent use. It stood out amongst the other equipment and was adorned with images of an old man and young boy and the same young boy with a strange green xzoryl-like creature known as a 'pickle'. The screen was fairly straight forward, a command was entered at the top and the order completed below. It was dim but the characters from the stickers could be seen moving around on the screen. On the right of this there was a square filled with moving bubbles. Within these bubbles there was text, slightly clearer than the rest of the screen. 

'Cheap Merchandise: fakelinks.net.real'

'Want to meet hot mature women? Click here: sexybirds.mature.net'

'I'm lonely, anyone want to chat?'

I quickly signalled for one of the techs. He sat down and slowly navigated towards one of the links.

'Mature women?' He mumbled as he clicked on it.

A new screen opened but it was blank. After about 5 minutes of fumbling, he figured out how to close it before selecting a new link. Again the screen went white. He went to click on the newest link but accidentally clicked below, a solid black line began flashing inside a small rectangle. It took a moment before he remembered the little boxes labelled with letters above from where he was controlling the computer. He pressed on one and it appeared on the screen. He quickly typed 'Hello' and hit enter. The newly sent message began a swam of other comments, and before long the 'Hello' was swallowed by an innumerable amount other bubbles.

'They must be people, the last of them' I exclaimed in disbelief. 'Try again'

He sent another message.

'What happened here?' He typed.

Again it was swallowed. He tried again but the message disappeared within seconds. I examined the different coloured bubbles. The words 'want'  and 'cheap' and 'buy' kept appearing on the screen.

No matter what we typed the result was the same, our message lost among hundreds of meaningless advertisements. We tried again the next day and again the day after that. One week later, and nothing had changed.

Then suddenly something occurred to me. If these are the last beings from this planet, somehow uploaded onto this computer and they are too busy advertising to one another to even respond to our message, it's no stretch to see how their planet may have been destroyed. Their greed must have been insatiable, forgoing the planets health in order to make personal gain. I was overcome with a great sense of pity, as amongst the greed there must have been some, who saw past this avarice, some who saw the decay of their home and sought to rectify the damage done. But these people must have been drowned out, by the collective drone of selfishness which drove this society to its inexorable fate.

To destruction.