The doc said I should take the stairs, but walking up 30 flights was not appealing. Arriving at the elevator, the button was already pressed and lit bright red.

*They finally fixed the light.* At least they fixed something around here. A ding and the doors slid open. Entering, I pressed the button marked 30.

About halfway up, the elevator slammed to a stop, while the lights went out. My heart started pounding. There was an article in the paper recently about someone getting stuck for over five hours. The lights flickered back on. The floor indicator panel above the buttons showed "+19". A vibration, increasing in intensity and frequency brought relief as the car started moving again.

A ding, and the doors opened. The office was completely different.

*About time they remodeled*. But something seemed off... Yes, how did they do it so fast? Well, new cubes and paint, that could be done over a weekend...

Then I saw Sheryl, walking by and holding some papers. She looked a bit hung over. No, *older.*

"Sam?" Sheryl looked like she'd seen a ghost.

"Sheryl? Are you ok?" She dropped her papers, jogged toward me, and enveloped me in her arms.

"Sam! Why did you leave without saying a word? Nobody knew where you went! How could you leave us like this?"

*What is she talking about.. It's been just a few days since the office party...* "Uh, what do you mean? I saw you on Saturday"

"Sam, I haven't seen you for almost twenty years" *What?*

The calendar was still in the same spot. It read December 2018.

"Hah! Nice one. The office looks good by the way" Sheryl started crying. Our drunken conversation a few days ago must've been pretty good, and she was a nice person. If only I'd had the courage to say what I wanted.

*Or maybe I already did...*

"Want to get some coffee?" She nodded, and went to the coffee machine. It was new too, some brand I'd never heard of. Made good coffee though.

-------

"Elevator's fixed boss" John said as he went past my office. He was always on time, and fixed everything faster than everybody else. The wrench he carried over his shoulder was inscribed with his initials, and about ten others who'd been here before him.

"Thank you. Can you check out the temperature on the tenth floor? I think the loop is clogged somewhere".

"Sure thing, boss!"

-------

I started panicking. Everything had changed, but how? Time is a human invention, a way for us to delineate events... There is only now as there always was, heh. But still, it happened. And I was dead to everyone, yet still alive. It altered the balance of my family so drastically, there was no way things could go back to the way they were, but perhaps repairs could be made...

-------

"Emma, it's time". It was the biggest moment of her career. She checked her lab uniform for any lint before turning around, and read her title one more time for reassurance. 'Chief Scientist Emma Lane, Accelerated Dynamics'. It was earned. She turned around and walked to the control room, and switched on the facility intercom.

"Everyone, this is a big moment for all of us, and represents years of concentrated effort. We *will* understand this phenomenon, advancing the sum of human knowledge, while opening the door on a new branch of physics". She took off her glasses, this was almost too much. Putting them back on, she began the final checks.

"Are the plants notified?"

"Yes, Ma'am"

"Grid sync?"

"Excellent"

"Cooling?"

"We're cold"

"Cap banks?"

"Ready"

This was it.

"Begin charging procedure". *They're going to feel this* she thought.

-------

"Oh shit, they're actually doing it!" Plant control room engineer Jay Goodson was watching the load indicator creep upward. The rest of the room was silent. Then they heard the senior engineer over the PA: "Maintain sync. Keep it spinning, they're paying us a lot for this"

Similar conversation was heard in control rooms throughout the tri-state area.

-------

Emma watched as the banks charged. Warehouses full of state-of-the-art capacitors of her own design.

"Bank one, charged"

"Bank two, charged"

"Bank three, charged"

This was it. Billions of dollars, investment from government and private industry, years of research, almost a million patents, and the dreams of the science community and citizens at large.

"Emma?" Sam was just as anxious as she was. And it was time.

"Fire bank one"

Solid-state power control circuitry flipped polarity at the same time as the grid was disconnected, and the solid aluminum trunk lines started rapidly heating. They fed into a single building which looked like an octopus, electrical towers jutting out at every angle, and strange growths as well, additions which would be necessary for an experiment of this scale. Inside, machinations designed by those with intelligence and experience several deviations higher than normal focused on a single object they knew was not steel.

And yet it resisted.

"Shouldn't it be sub-atomic particles by now? It doesn't even look warm!" Sam has an expression of bewilderment on his face.

"We knew this could happen, it resisted all other attempts. This is just a warm up. Look at the temperature" Emma seemed confident.

"Nine... Twelve... Twenty... Fifty... It's heating up all right. Should we accelerate the schedule?"

"Fire banks two and three. At once"

"That will blow our lines! Besides, we still have three-quarters charge left in bank one!"

"And perhaps get us the results we need. Do it"

Sam did as Emma asked. Same as in the bedroom, he thought.

"Firing banks two and three"

The object resisted for a bit longer, than finally atomized, sub-atomized, and turned into particles small enough for analysis.

"There it is! The data's coming in!" She worked her whole career for this moment... The memory of Sam tearing out of that building and running into her interrupted analysis of screen readouts. It was one of her favorites.

-------

John's, Brandon's, Jose's, Betty's, Thomas's, Harold's and Ernest's wrench turned red hot, then exploded. A simultaneous "What the hell?" was heard in just as many machine rooms.

-------

"Uh, take a look outside Emma?" Sam sounded concerned. It seemed to be quite dark all of the sudden.

"This only had a zero-point-one percent chance of happening. We've slowed light in the surrounding area" Emma remained calm and turned back to the readouts.

"Wait! Wont this have unintended consequences?" Sam bit his lip.

"Not according to these readouts" Emma knew only light would be affected, years of simulations backed the thought.

The object disappeared, leaving data in its wake.

------

"My wrench! They actually figured it out!" Allan Moon of Solace-8 felt the twinge. Perhaps it was time to leave before they figured out more. Taking off sunglasses and getting out of the beach lounger, he willed his presence back home, and there he was.