Welcome to course 1B2592 Test cases in contact advancement

To review the last lesson, the use of the tools of understanding are: 

Genetics

Quantum Theory

Automated computation


Each one is introduced resulting in either a understanding of the basic laws of realty to allow integration to the intradimensional community, or misuse resulting in self-culling.  

This process was introduced after the reign of terror by the Viroids, who seemed in theory the prefect contactee. Who had the three key traits:

Accepting

Peaceful 

Creative

However, the peaceful and accepting were only possible due to Viroids being a single organism. Once introduce to the three tools and knowledge of the greater community they used every tool to eliminated everything Viroids did not see as self. 


Now all precontactees are introduced to the tools to prevent this as a small failure is always better than a large failure. 

This process has resulted in 99% of all cases resulting in integration or self cull.

Today we will being going over the anomalies

The Animalsist complete rejection of tools and return to their animal state.

The Annaukii after introduction of the tools during the integration process they completely rejected contact. Their homeworld was unlocatable and representative gone leaving only the note reading: "Thanks but no thanks" 


Finally Humans aka the quitting quitters. When the tools were first introduced they rejected Quantum Theory Automated computation completely in focuses of genetics. In lieu removing death they made dogs and corn, both of which  should have lead to self culling.  Following that they rejected rejecting Quantum Theory. Completely ignoring the 29 other aspect; they proceed to start burning their planet they stopped for reasons unknown. Then rejected rejecting Automated computation used it to not coarse correct their dying sun but to created something known as Cons which seem to be a mass infection that dissipates after several days. 

Upon this we have introduced every destructive means short of Quantum denigration to induce self culling: mass communication, endless message about starting a, "Doomsday", even introducing the super predictors such as Emus, cows, and rams. 

Each method has only resulted in increase in populations, increased utilization of tools and no progress towards integration. 

Humans are both unintegratable and uncullable. 
