**CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT - FAIRVIEW POLICE**

I always felt like I was different. Like my life experience was different than everyone else's. I thought about it first when I was in the third grade, when my teacher, Ms. Catherine Allen, gave me a really sympathetic look one day. She had a warm smile with a crooked canine and dark green eyes that made you feel comforted, just what a 9 year old needs. She simply said to me "In the end it will all be okay." I didn't really know what she meant by that, but I knew she was genuine with her comment. She was always a kind soul. 

She killed herself that evening.

No one really knew why, she seemed to live a perfect life. There were rumors of a suicide note, but everything was pretty hushed up. She was single and young, but tried to stay involved in the school and in the community. Everyone missed her, and it was hard for us as a third grade class and as a school to work through this grief. Her influence on her students was evident - so many attended her vigil. It seemed like the entire city was there. We all owed so much to her.

Fast forward to the end of high school - I was graduating with honors, attending college to study elementary education. I wanted to do what Ms. Allen did and make the same difference she made for me. A few of my friends were planning on attending the same school in the fall, so we decided to attend a party on campus the spring of our senior year to get to know the campus a little bit.

We were pretty drunk about an hour in. Girls, booze, and music surrounded us like the ocean, egging us on to dive in. Stacy, the girl I was talking to, invited me to go to a room upstairs with here. Of course I didn't say no. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me upstairs.

As soon as we entered the room, it started to shake, I looked for her, but she had gone. A flash of white light blinded me momentarily, and I soon noticed that I wasn't where I thought I was. 

I came to in a bedroom covered with posters of Led Zeppelin, Boston, and the Who. I figured Stacy got us back to her place sometime in the night while I was still trashed, but I figured she was more of a Fountains of Wayne kind of girl. I tossed over in bed looking for her, but she wasn't there. Just as well because I *really* needed to pee. 

I lost the urge after seeing myself in the mirror. Myself isn't even a good term here - it wasn't me. I looked at a girl with long red hair and a pale face, right where my reflection should have been. I kept touching my face to make sure it was there, and the girl in front of me did the same. Because we were the same. I was her; she was me. 

I threw up in the sink when my mind realized what was happening, kind of like Neo when he first came out in the real world in "The Matrix". Except that was a movie. This was real life, as crazy as everything was. I ran back into this girl's - my - room. Everything looked really retro. A calendar hung on the wall with a picture of Robert Plant and Jimmy Page. "December 8, 1972" it read.

FUCK.

I checked my watch. Or where my watch should've been. Instead, there was a clear glass band around my feminine wrist, reading the same date and time as the calendar. Something was odd though, I remembered seeing this before I woke up. The memories from the previous night flooded back into me as I sobered up. Stacy slipped this onto my wrist as we went upstairs last night. 

I checked it again, this time more closely. A little button on the side stuck out. Slowly, I was able to piece it together. With a press of a button, I could travel through time, with one small catch -- I couldn't control who I was or where (or when) I was going.

This realization was tough at first, but I made it through. I've traveled a lot since then, doing great things and having lots of fun all the same. As you could imagine, there's so much to do and so much to be able to do. I had a fantastic time being so many different people and living their lives. 

At some point though, I wanted out. I was sure I had experienced about 300 years of life vicariously through all of these people. I wanted a break. As you could guess I never got one. I started to contemplate suicide, since it seemed it would be the only exit to this revolving door.

In this life, I was a father in a family of three. I was living as him for about 6 months. I had gotten to know my family well, and they didn't really suspect anything was different. I played it off like a midlife crisis. I wrote a suicide note describing bullshit reasons that they would probably believe. Truth is, I just couldn't handle what I did anymore. Not having my own identity. I bought a gun, pointed it in my mouth and pulled the trigger. 

I woke up as someone else, a Russian woman this time in the mid 1950s. I was fucked. That was my last chance and I couldn't find a way out. I thought I was in hell. 

I went through dark times. I shuffled from what life to the next, doing whatever would make this existential despair go away. I killed dozens of kids in an elementary school in Connecticut. I crashed a plane into a building in New York City. I even ran for president by being an asshole just to see what would happen. I needed a way out. 

I think I was a general in the Spanish Armada (back when that was a thing) when I noticed it: my wristband showed a gauge now, along with the current date. I had to check it discreetly when I was that far in the past; people from anytime before 2014 would think wearable technology is insane. I didn't know what it did at first, but after a living a few more lives I realized it basically was a readout of my karma. It filled up slowly but surely if I deserved it.

I had a new routine: max out the karma on one person before I time traveled to another. I figured if I wanted out, this is what I'd have to do. It only made sense.

Yeah, now you got it - I was Ghandi. I was Mother Theresa. Yep, I was even Jesus. And no I didn't come back to life and rise from the dead. Well, not as him anyway. But yeah you get the idea. I was maxing out on karma, and I got really good at it. It's easy to be a good person with some practice. And actually, I was alright with this immortality thing. I had a sense of purpose again.

I bet you see where this is going now. Currently I am living as Catherine Allen. I couldn't tell you how excited I was when I Traveled and woke up and a smile with a crooked canine shined back on me from the mirror. I knew that she would be my last stop before moving on since she killed herself back when I - meaning the first "I" - was her student. It was all starting to make sense. 

I taught third grade for years, doing everything I could to improve my students, the school, and my community. I loved it and wanted to keep doing it forever. Honestly, I did. I had no sense of existential anxiety at all anymore. I was changing lives, all lives I had lived previously. I was practically omniscient at this point. 

It was a sobering day on that crisp September morning when I had myself, the first "me" as a third grade student. He was - I was - just as I remembered. I did a little extra to comfort him because I knew of his future, even though it was shared by everyone. 

Around November was when it happened - my wristband gauge filled up again, but not like it normally did. The digital lights that were usually red now turned green. The button on the side locked into place, making it unable to click. The date began to flash. I was done Traveling. 

I began to plan my suicide. I drove a few hours to buy a gun, just to make sure no one recognized me. I figured using a gun was best since I had tried it before. I just hope death was a real escape this time. I contacted the school, telling them to get a sub for me starting next week because I was "planning a vacation." 

I began my last day of school, and I knew what had to happen. I walked up to the first version of me and said to him "In the end it will all be okay." He looked puzzled by this, just as any 9 year old would, but it seemed like he was pleased at the extra attention. I finished up the day, managed to say goodbye for the weekend to everyone one last time, and went home. 

And here I am, in my house in Fairview, writing this suicide note. I'm not quite sure what will happen to this, but I figured it would be good to get this down on paper.
Now it seems silly to say that I was different. If you're reading this -- If I'm reading this, really -- this is who we are and this is what we do. Make the most of it. You'll find your way to your identity as Catherine Allen someday. There is still hope. 

And here begins the biggest Travel of all.