I was usually the brave one in the house.  When the holidays came around, I was the one to put up the lights on the top of the house, because Jim hated heights.  When it got cold, I would bring in the firewood at night from our shed because it always seemed to creep him out.  
However, we both had our weaknesses, and for me, it was spiders.  
I was sitting next to a roaring fire in the living room when I heard the Jim's footsteps returning from the bathroom.  I was still shivering and wet, wrapped in a towel from my shower that was cut short from an eight-legged uninvited guests crawling along the tiles in a line from the window.  
I had never seen spiders together like that, but my adrenaline was still pumping too hard for me to think about any sort of entomological implications.  
I stood and embraced my hero, clinging harder than I wanted to admit, when a gleam from Jim's back caught my eye.  I pulled back slightly to find several shimmering strands connecting my husband's shoulders to somewhere above.  
"Jim, what..."  
My sentence was cut short as I made contact with a glassy stare.  His eyes looked past me in a dead pan expression.  
Confused by this, I tried to back away, but as my grip released, his tightened.  
"Jim!"  
His eyes met mine.  No, they pointed to my face, but still looked through me.  My spine shivered as I started to feel unnatural undulations from under the skin of the man I thought I knew.  The patterns I felt from his skin against mine were then matched by ripples of the skin on his face, as if something, no, *some things* were walking around underneath it.  
My throat choked dryly, but what I saw next set my scream loose from my throat.  
Jim's mouth opened, releasing a torrent of spiders, pouring down his chin.  
Every nerve in my body shook and my body thrashed like a feral animal.  
His grip was iron and all I accomplished was to topple us back with my husband's "body" landing on top of me.  
My screams continued, but the flow of tiny creatures from Jim's face was now flowing around my body and up towards my head.  I felt a million tiny, hairy steps across my wet skin moving up my chest, along my neck, to my lips...  
my scream was caught short by a gagging cough.  I should have closed my mouth, but that's a rational thought that didn't fit anywhere in my crumbling mind.  However, by the time the idea reached my head, it resulted in a spastic clenching of my jaw that let out the sickening crunch of several tiny bodies.  
A loud screech shook the walls and my heart alike.  
The death of these creatures brought immediate retribution.  I felt the bites everywhere on my body.  The flood of spiders acted as one sadistic mind.  
I convulsed and consciousness could bear this no longer.  
My vision faded and my failing comprehension collapsed around the image of tiny creatures repeatedly sinking their mandibles into my eye lids.  
Moments passed.  
Silence.  
Softness.  
Warmth.  
Moisture.  
I felt myself again.  
This realization stirred me and I became aware of myself laying in a bed.  I was still wet, but this wasn't shower water; it was sweat.  My eyes opened with the stiffness of a long sleep and awakened to bright lights, white and soft blue hues.  
A hospital.  
As I stirred, I felt a squeeze on my hand.  I looked to my right, following this sensation and saw Jim.  My husband.  Not the empty face that had so recently haunted me.  
"Where am I?"  
"Hey honey, you're in the hospital.  When you came back from getting firewood out of the shed, you had a seizure.  The doctor said that something must have bitten you, but they treated it and you'll be ok now.  
My mind turned like a rusty cog.  Pieces of started to fall back into place, restoring my shattered reality.  It must have been a fever dream.  This is real.  That wasn't.  This makes sense.  It's ok.  
A bit of doubt sputtered in the back of my head and my brows furrowed as I stared deeply at Jim's face, down to his shoulder, and checking for anything connected.  He chuckled lightly.  
"Is everything ok?"  
The doubt fluttered away like a feather on a strong breeze.  I smiled and replied, "It is now."  
"I'm going to get the nurse and tell them you're awake."  
"Ok."   
The door closed behind me and I realized that as wet as my sheets were, my throats was dry.  Noticing a small cup of water next to my bed, I reached over and froze.  
A small shiny thread leading upwards from the top of my hand glimmered in the light. 