Its hard growing up in a magical world.  Especially if you're deaf, dumb and blind like me. You might be wondering how the fuck I am able to write this. Well luckily my cousin second grade is the vision Wizard. I can't see per se but I can *feel* the world around me. As law says every man and woman is supposed to find their own domain up until their 13th birthday. This was obviously pretty difficult for me since I can't even see anything properly, and my IQ is under 80. But I can sense things  around  me and notice  things other  people  wouldn't notice. So when my caretaker (her name is Caren) and I where going to my favourite pizza place for my seventh birthday I could sense that something was wrong immediately. There was something new. In the place where the goant cardboard cutout of the pizzerias mascot used to stand. I never sensed anything like it before. It was bulky and about as tall as a regular sized human. I asked Karen in ASL (and yes it's a pain in the ass to learn ASL when you're blind) what that thing was. My braille machine vibrated and a sentence appeared. It's a pinball machine. What does it do I asked. The next sentence was a long one, so it took me some time to feel it with my finger. I don't think I have to explain to you what a pinball machine is, so I'm going to spare you all the details about the ten minute conversation I had with Caren about the machine. I walked up to it and was blown away by it immediately. I could feel every inch of the giant steel monster. This kind of feeling had never before flown through my body. The next thing I am not sure about it till this day. All I now is that I put a quarter in the mouth of the machine and then I went into some kind of trance.
Ain't got no distractions
Can't hear no buzzers and bells
Don't see no lights a-flashin'
Plays by sense of smell
Always gets the replay
Never seen me fall
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid
Sure plays a mean pinball




Edit: this was a shitpost that took me way too fucking long (I'm on mobile) only to find out some wanker already made that joke. Fuck my live