My name is Alex, and I am about to die for the 9th time this week. It's stressful, to fall asleep and wake up not knowing what brand of toxin she sent coursing through my veins this time. Last time I woke up screaming, clawing at the burning pain in my gut before a horde of nurses and doctors rushed in, seized my thrashing limbs and shoved an oxygen mask over my face. Oxygen mask, right. Oxygen never made anyone pass out in less than a minute. As always, the last thing I see before I go under is her.

I first saw her when I was ten years old. Grandpa was sick; some degenerative disease I never learned the name of that filled the room with the stench of illness. Hospice wasn't around then. Grandpa just lay in his rickety old bed, gnarled hands clenched at the thin sheets as his organs failed slowly, one by one. Doctors come by to help ease his pain; pills and IVs, some more esoteric means of homeo-something or other. Never mattered one whit; as soon as she came in, I knew it didn't matter: Grandpa was going to die.

I learned a lot after his passing. Grandpa wasn't what you'd call a nice man, though I was too young to know it. I never knew why Mother never met his eyes until one night she had too much wine and screamed at my father for not protecting her. I never knew why Grandpa always had to talk with lawyers, or why so many women seemed furious with him; again, I was ten. Looking back, there were a lot of things I missed, not that they matter now. She came in behind one of the many doctors, carrying a medical satchel.

She had fiery red hair that time. I remember thinking her hair looked out of place in the dingy shack of Grandpa's room. I remember her being tall, but who isn't to a kid, right? She wore a fitted nurse's outfit that seemed more at home on a stripper than a healthcare professional. No one else seemed to pay her much attention. It wasn't until I saw her shadow that I began to pay attention. Whatever she was to the eyes, the shadow always betrays her; a simple glimmer, a shudder, the light seems to flicker around it, almost like the shadow is being painted onto whatever surface she's in front of, instead of being projected. Sometimes the angle is off, stretching long when it should be short, going into the light instead of against it. She saw me watching her shadow once; the smile she gave me was simultaneously the most warming and chilling thing I have ever seen.

Grandpa's death was not pleasant; and I have a fair guess as to why. There wasn't anything we could do. I remember watching on as his arms contorted behind his back, his face stretched in spasms of agony. You could tell he was trying to scream, but his throat was constricting on itself. His legs thrashed out, kicking out at odd angles, until they were spread out. His organs ruptured, seeping out from his anus, leaving a septic mess in his bed. I remember his eyes bulging before snapping to a fixed point. While the doctor was frantically searching his bag, I followed Grandpa's eyes to see her, watching intently, noting each of his motions with a slight nod, clicking off a mental checklist. When his eyes rolled back into his head, she left, pausing only to ruffle my hair as she strode by. I remember her shadow raising a single finger to its lips.

I've seen her a few times since then. Whenever one of my family died, she's been there, either at the funeral after the fact, or in the hospital, where they passed. Uncle Rick died simply, a scent of flowers overpowering the industrial medical stench of his hospital room. He'd been a florist, donating his extra flowers to the sickly, and otherwise a simple man. Aunt Gloria wasn't quite as lucky. A school teacher, she'd been strict and cruel. As she thrashed in pain, she struck against the bars of the bed, causing odd, rectangular bruises across her body. Exactly the same size as her favorite ruler.

I've not been the best man. I had a love for the bottle, and for getting home as soon as possible. My wife left me five years ago, took the kids and booked. I drank more heavily after that; not that I needed the excuse. A week ago, I left the bar at 4 in the afternoon, took the express home, and sent a family of four off the edge of an overpass. I was the only one who survived. The pile up cost the lives of 12 more people. I don't know how they died, but each time I wake up screaming in pain, I'm learning. My neck twisted and contorted; I bash my arm against the side of the bed until it breaks, my gut burns with stabbing pain, and I lurch awake, reaching for the piece of burning metal I KNOW has impaled me only to find nothing there.

She stands by the edge of the bed now and then, just as she always has, nodding and mentally checking off each of my motions. I tried talking to her once, and she shook her head sadly, raising a single finger to her lips, and I understand; I haven't died enough yet. 

I've never been accused of being the smartest man in the room. I can guess at a few things though. And all I can hope for is that my children are better people than I have been. She reaches her hand out and ruffles my hair, gently, like she did so many years ago. A lancing pain starts at the back of my head, and slowly, slowly inches its way forward to just behind my eye and I pass out from the pain.

I can only hope my children are better than I.