It was a most peculiar blade. It came seemingly out of nowhere, splitting the night in half - a master stroke so assured, so elegant, that the parry felt like an offence to nature. As it was.

The old man felt the ringing of the blade on his own. It was not his finest sword: it was not magical, as others in his armoury were, nor was it was not madeˀ by a legendary bladesmith, as most of his collection. It was instead an infantry sword from a war long forgotten, a supremely businesslike piece of steel last wielded by some anonymous, terrified, man-child that had failed to parry that first, and last, stroke.

So there: redemption. 

Steeped in haragei, with the unearthly calm of the lethally competent, the old man looked from the shard of frozen moonlight that pushed against his blade to the hilt of woven night that was the handle, the skeletal hand holding it and up to the twin sparks of red-shifted light under the cowl of his adversary.

"The sword, I see, not the scythe?"

PROFESSIONAL COURTESY - boomed death - THE SWORD IS FOR KINGS, AND OTHER WORTHIES

"Am I worthy, then?"

LIKE NO OTHER BEFORE, AND NONE TO COME. EXCEPT...

"Yes?! Except?"

ME.

"Ah. Shall we see, then?"

Death's eyes flashed, and it struck again. Again the old man parried, nostrils flared, drinking in the strength of death's strike, letting it flood new strength into his weary body. So they stroke, and parried, and laughed - most disturbing, death's laugh - and rose above the ground, past clouds, rapt in the joy of battle, until the ground was a forgotten memory in the flow of their dance.

And so two legends came to pass. Humanity no longer had a personal death, making way for the harsher light of reason, and the harsher still duty of finding their own meaning to what life they had. And the swordsman... yes, the swordsman finally met his match.

If you listen carefully, on a still night after a bloody battle... you'll hear your own heart beat, and figure that there's better things to do with your life than waste it in warfare. Only one man did battle so fully that he transcended it - and he's long gone.