"Mommy?"

I froze. Impossible. I'd seen it happen, though I wished more than anything in the world that I hadn't. 

Nora had been bitten. Despite my best preparations, my little girl, the only person I had in the world, was bitten by a zombie. No one can pinpoint what caused the outbreak, but just over a week ago people started dropping dead. It was when they started coming back though that the issue began. 

Corpses in early states of decay roaming the streets. Almost imperceivable to the rest of us. For the most part they left the live alone; unless there was a child. 

"Mommy, I'm scared."

I choked back tears. "Darling, I know. Be... Be brave." 

"Let me in Mommy... Let me in."

Of course I couldn't, though it broke my heart. Children send the zombies into a feeding frenzy. Parents were advised to keep all children indoors while they traced the source and took out the existing zombies. But there was nothing I could do. Nora broke her arm falling down the stairs. I couldn't let her suffer waiting for an ambulance when the hospitals were absolutely swamped trying to subdue existing zombies and pinpoint the virus causing it. So I grabbed my gun, loaded her in the car, and drove. They caught her scent though, and there was nothing I could do. They swarmed the car at a red light and busted the window to get to her. I'll never forgive myself for not keeping her home. 

The worst part is that once the children are turned, they'll attack anyone. A miniature zombie army, slowly growing as parents made the mistake that I did. Thinking that they could keep their children safe. The police were ordered to shoot on site. 

I honestly don't know how I got away from my baby after she was bitten. I staggered back home, and locked myself inside. Of course, Nora followed me. I half hoped that they'd take her down on the way, as awful as that sounds. I couldn't imagine this moment though, my Nora, undead. Finding me. Needing me. What kind of parent can turn from their child so easily. 

Maybe she'll get better. Maybe this will be different. My daughter could never kill me, could she? It's entirely my fault that she's dead, so do I really deserve to live?

Completely numb, I sat for an hour, listening to Nora cry, playing out my options. I could call the cops, and have them come for her. Listen to them shoot her, the only effective way to kill them so far. I could call the scientists, let them run endless tests on her, see if they could find a cure despite making no progress yet. Or I could give in. 

"Nora, I'm coming." My entire body trembled as I made my way towards the door. "Mommy's coming for you." 

Just as I turn the handle, shots ring out. 

The door slams open as a stray bullet yanks it out of my grasp. Nora crumples. The gunman hit me too. Everything hurts. He races towards me, but everything goes black. At least I'll be with my Nora.