Lets get something absolutely clear. 

Nana is catholic.

"I WILL FLAY YOU FROM HEAD TO TOE IF YOU DON'T RELEASE ME!!"

wait, wait, what the fuck. what the FUCK... what?

"I WILL CLAW THROUGH YOUR EYES AND INTO YOUR SKULL. RELEASE ME!!"

The flailing arm and torso of what I can only describe as a demon shifted unnaturally, slowly then blurring into a epileptic twitch that my eye couldn't follow. But it's eyes, burned through me and it's talons aimed straight at my heart.

I grabbed an iron cast skillet from the wall and let out a shrieking battle cry. 

*THUNK*

"YOU"

*THUNK*

"YOU THINK-"

*THUNK THUNK*

"YOU"RE NO-"

*THUNK THUNK THUNK THUNK.. THUNK*

"WAIT!" the demon pleaded.

I recoiled at it's blood curdling cry.

"Know, that when I am free... I WILL-"

*CLANG CLA-*

"HALT!! Just... hold on for one second... what enchantment is cast on that weapon warlock? Why does it sting me so?"

enchantment? OH! Nana used to pour holy water on her pans. But, warlock? What is this guy...

"I'm not a warlock, I'm just trying to cook dinner!" I squeaked.

"But you HAVE summoned me, warlock. The ritual was cast and the sacrifice made. You even used my remains in the ritual!"

"w-what? You're a chicken demon?"

"NO!!" The demon retorted with wrath. "YOU INSOL... that relic over there!"

I feverishly scanned Nana's kitchen. candles, incense, wards and crosses decorated her kitchen. It was a bloodbath. I was cutting up some chicken to put into my soup when an earthquake shook the house and I got knocked off balance. I must have cut my hand in the fall as my blood was splattered on the chicken and on the wall where the picture of a pentagram that nana hung up, for protection, was now upside down with a dash of my blood speckled in the middle of it. Next to the chicken was an ivory rosary that fell off the shelf. Wait... Ivory?

The face of the demon in front of me shifted from wrath to astonishment as he surveyed the utter clump of confusion that I was.

"The sacrifice," he said calmly, "Was placed on a Yew block, cleansed with sage, anointed with oil, with the blood of a virgin offered upon my remains and the sacrifice along with--"

"y-You don't know that!"

"...what?"

"That I'm a v-v-"

"CHILD. Do you not know what you've done? HOW? How were you able to summon me?!"

"I don't know?! You're supposed to be chicken soup!"

The demon let out a long drawn out sigh. He looked towards the heavens and muttered something

"w-what?" I said

"My name... never mind what my name is, this isn't even recognized as a formal contract. What you've conjured is a binding spell that would bind me to your bidding, but seeing as how you cannot even grasp your own breath at this situation, let me do you a favor." The demon replied. " Douse those candles, and burn the sacrifice and pentagram hanging on the wall. Give me my remains and I will promise you that my remains and, in extension, I will never be summoned here again."

"You're a demon! How can I trust you?!"

"Do NOT mock my word, child. Though I may be in this form I was known as Nikius the Honest and it was man that betrayed me. NOT the other way around."

"You're Saint Nik-?"

"DON'T. mock me with that title. Now hurry up and be done with this farce."

I looked around the kitchen and grabbed a long pair of tongs and pecked at the chicken on the cutting board till it fell into the trash can. I did the same with the pentagram on the wall but took longer because I was trying to stay out of the demon's reach. 

This guy's looking at me like with dead pan eyes full of disappointment. Fucker.

"I can read your-" 

I threw the rosaries at his face and he wiped them off his brow.

I quickly blew out the candles and lit a match in the waste basket.

"finally." The demon rolled his eyes as he grunted. "may we never meet again." 

his torso and arm mangled into a blur and vanished before I could even comprehend what I saw.

I stood there for a good 20 minutes unable to mentally digest what just happened. Then I realized that there had been a shrilling high pitched voice that was piercing my ears for a few minutes.

BEEP BEEP BEEP - BEEP BEEP PSSSHHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUUUU

Water sprayed everywhere from the sprinklers and rained in the kitchen. In the distance, I heard a familiar voice reaching out to me.

"Sweetie?!" Nana called. "What's going on? I smell something burning"