   Between my piercings, the bandage on my forehead, and the pink mop of hair on my scalp, I couldn’t decide which made me look the most unprofessional. Not that I was even sure which profession I was getting into. Some marketing company? Whatever. The ad said it paid well, and they got back to me quick enough. No harm in going to an interview. Strapped for cash as I was, I wasn’t exactly in the business of turning my nose up at job offers. 
   No sooner had I stepped out of the subway than a large, round object came crashing into my forehead. Right on the bruise. I groped around as I struggled to reorient myself, and found myself with a bitten piece of toast under one hand and some girl’s leg in the other. I looked up to see the striking face of a red headed girl in a white blouse. We made eye contact and she smacked me dead across the face. “Pervert!” She screamed at me before running through a red light to the other side of the street. “That’s five this week”, I muttered to myself. What kind of shitty slice-of-life anime cliche was that? At least the first few had been kind of subtle. Tropes if you will. But toast? Really? I peeled the the dejected piece of bread from the sidewalk. “It’s like you’re not even trying anymore”, I said to the sky. 
   Initially, upon finding the words “May cause main character syndrome”, printed on the back of the dye box while my hair was being processed, I’d taken it as a joke. After tripping over my shoelaces and falling through my coffin of a closet into the mystical country of Amlore, I began to take it a bit more seriously. And not that constantly being hunted and surveyed by shadow organizations wasn’t fun, but it didn’t exactly pay very well. And with my luck, I’d probably walk into my job interview only to find that unstable redhead behind the desk. And if it wasn’t that, the job would end up being a front for a demon hunting ring, which I somehow had “just the right qualities” for, ergo, why they got back to me so quickly. Not that there was anything better waiting back at home. A demonically possessed parent? Or better yet, a sexy vampire living in my attic. I’d been down the sexy vampire road before, and trust me when I say it’s a one way trip up shits creek. 
   My spiraling train of thought was interrupted by two wrinkly hands, tightly grasping my shoulders. “Young man”, the accost-er said from beneath his hat. “I’ve been searching for you for a long time.”
   “Blow it out your ass, Gandalf”, I snapped. The old man’s expression changed to one of dumbfounded-ness, and his hands dropped lifelessly to his sides. It’s not that I didn’t believe him. On the contrary, I was quite sure I’d open the door to my house later to find him at the kitchen table with my parents, poorly disguised (to me at least) as a University scout. Then it’s off to magic school or some shit. I rounded the corner and made my way to the nearby coffee shop. With luck I’d avoid another manic pixie dream girl encounter. Or at the very least, avoid having to fight her evil ex-boyfriends. 
   