A man in the corner adjusted himself in his seat and pulled a bit on his tie. A woman leaned into her babies carriage eyeing me carefully while muttering something under her breath. I felt a bit unsure of myself and my surroundings, but I stood firm, "it's valid, the expiration date clearly says-" 

"Sir we have reason to believe it's a fake."

"A fake? I got this from a government office, in what way could this be fake?" 

the agent began to lose eye contact, he was lying to me, but why? "Sir, if you could just calm down, I can assure you we can get this matter sorted in a matter of weeks if you'l-"

"WEEKS?" I was flabbergasted, " that's unacceptable, I booked this months ago, and I can't even get a refund now, if you would just look at the damn thing it has government ink."

a hand appeared on my shoulder, "Hey buddy, you're holding up the line, just let the poor man get back to his job." I imagined breaking the hand that rest on my clavicle, I imagined putting him in a hearse, but i restrained myself.

"fine." I said flatly, the man behind me stiffened a bit. He took his hand off of me as I stepped a single foot from the check-in, before i broke into a sprint past the agent and his booth. They reached for me desperately but they weren't able to stop me. I sprinted down the corridor, I knew something was there that I wasn't supposed to see, and then i turned the corner and the ground was missing from under me. there was no plane. 

I looked out and saw the sky was blood red, mist hung lazily in front of me like a wall made of water. I stepped in and my vision was enveloped by the thick fog. I continued in, hoping that it would end soon, but I walked for maybe an hour, my feet beginning to tire. I needed to see what was beyond this, what was so important as to stop me. The fog began to thin as I saw an object sticking out from the ground, a bit bent, but I could tell it was a sign. 3 miles to Somana.

Something in my head told me I should go back, but I knew it was too late for that now. The pavement was cracked and in desperate need of maintenance, and not a car had seemed to have driven this in a long time. I put my hand to it and felt it's rough texture, it's warmth heated by the crimson light that had likely bleached this road long ago. My hand had been covered in a layer of dirt that was almost grey, like the soil itself had rotted, and i suddenly knew why i hadn't seen any plants as of yet. I stood and began to move down this road, I still needed to see what was beyond, what could be so important as to keep me from it.

30 minutes passed, and I couldn't understand, I hadn't see wreckage, or side shops, or gas stations, no other signs, or overpasses. These things were always commonplace, weren't they?  I tried to pay it no mind, but there was a slight sense of dread that pushed at the back of my mind, like something was trying to burrow it's way in, as if there was an idea that dared to push itself into my head about what could have happened, what did happen. I couldn't let it linger though. I had to have hope that something was beyond this, that it would be worth it, and that I wasn't wrong for wanting to leave.

I walked another hour, but I hadn't seen a thing, not a building or a tree, or a creature, not even a blade of grass in sight. The pavement was gone, and in its place just the grey dirt that i saw earlier. As I was beginning to lose hope I saw a large boulder, but not just any boulder, it was black and jagged with a sheen, like it had come from something, something unnaturally made. 

As I moved toward it I began to notice that the ground changed color, from grey to black, and the closer I came, the easier I could tell that this was metallic, but also that the object itself wasn't originally black, I could see flecks of green, and some blue that marked bits and pieces, even some rust, a hearty brown that splattered in spots. I took my time examining the large object before I moved around it.

I continued on down the new black road as I would call it, that marked new territory for me as I walked. I began to see more pronounced lines that marked where the black began and ended, and soon I saw that they were large roads of black, that were inconsistently beginning and ending in a sharp manner. I could see they began to take on new features, simple but interesting, some had points at their end, some had more detailed tops. 

That was when I saw it, the voice in my head began shouting, it wanted me to go back, to be back in my boring little town, watching those boring shows, but I couldn't bring myself to. I had to understand what happened here, and when I saw it, the shadow of a man, in the fetal position, holding something, holding someone. I touched it and residue was left on my finger. The roads i had been so interested in earlier, they were buildings, once tall and proudly protruding like monoliths to a once great civilization. I had to know what had happened, why it was like this. What the hell happened here?