Gro-sho-neh hissed as her combat augment released another jolt of military-grade epinephrine into her body.  With a rapid series of gasps, she searched around her person for another antipersonnel grenade.  One left.  She pulled it from the now-empty bandolier and thumbed the timer down to three sha-as.

Her brood lay about her.  Gore patterned her broad reptilian face, bluring the vision from her right eye.  Her wide flat tongue, feeling dry now, flicked out over the hard lens.  She tasted her children in the unconscious move, all that was left of her children.  They had been legion.  They had been strong.  They were no more.

With a quick glance over the low wall created by the shattered remains of her inner lair partition wall, she felt the surge to flee.  It was like that with adrenaline… fight OR flight.  But where would she flee to?  All of the males in the clutch had died when the septim-damned human dropship had slammed directly into her harem.  Those that hadn’t died when the walls fell in flames had been too slow to avoid the guns and armored boots of the human Mah-Reenz.  The seven hells and seven curses weren’t enough for them, seven times the septim of curses to them all.

She knew no word equivalent to regret, but she knew failure.  As she prepared to blow herself and the entire future of her line into oblivion she considered it all a failure.  It had been a failure to consider hunting down the few remaining humans a waste of resources… those who has escaped the harvest collection.  It had been a failure that she hadn’t ordered a full psychological study of how the humans would react, or how their physiology had adapted to so many cycles of evolution with adrenaline.

A burst of light followed by a searing flash of pain.  She stared in horror at the ruin of her arm, shredded below the elbow.  The grenade and her hand were still sliding across the floor, out of reach.  As she watched an armored boot landed in her vision.  Tiny slivers of the warming stones, handed down for generations, skipped into the air as the top surface flaked under the impact of the armored tread.

She shrieked and tried to attack the horrid primate, but armored gauntlets seized her four arms before they had moved more than a fraction of the distance, roughly hauling her back and painfully wedging her tail at an angle.

The human’s mirrored visor showed her a distorted view of her own face.  She looked dreadful, her eyes too wide and her body covered in the gore of her family.  She didn’t much care, the artificial stimulate harvested from the humans surged through her, making her burn to do violence.  The visor let out a pop and hiss, then rose.  The flat ape-like visage of a human looked at her dispassionately.  It said something in that bestial hooting monkey language.  The language of the brood followed after only a few syllables, amplified from somewhere on the suit it wore.

“So you’re the Bit-cheh queen of this infestation?”  The human made an expression she didn’t understand.  Who could read those horribly flat rubber faces?  “May Joor wants you alive, but he’s back on the ship and we’re here with you.”  MALES!  These were primate males!  How horribly insulting!  She tried to scream in outraged fury, but one of the humans behind her clamped a gauntleted hand around her throat, choking off the outburst.

“See, we found your little Day Ree farm while we were slaughtering your family.  There were kids in there, suffering and dying just so you could harvest their adrenaline.  The way I see it, there’s a lot of pieces of you that aren’t exactly required to keep you alive.”

The human Mah Reen then looked very much like her brood mother as it drew a long curved dagger from its sheath on the armor breastplate.  It squatted in front of her, filling her sense organs with the feted filth of its breath.

“The thing you scaled Bas Tards never understood about humans is hatred.  For us, it’s a far more powerful drug than adrenaline.”
