The last thing I remember was climbing into my cryo-pod after I set course.  The mission was to take a little over 300 years, during that time I would be suspended in a form of deep sleep.  Our engineers managed to get up to an astonishing 92% of light speed.  I remember the announcement of the breakthrough so vividly.  We were still driving petrol powered vehicles and didn't even get a man to mars yet, but somehow they did it!

My mission, and the 12 others was to start colonizing Ceo-12Y.  Unfortunately the tech for cryosleep wasn't tested for such a length of time, everything was theoretical.  We couldn't wait 300 years after putting someone to sleep to see if any complications could result from such a long freeze.

So I awoke, alone, slowly decelerating towards our original destination.  It took almost a year for the ship to reach its orbital position and then out of nowhere my ship was halted.

My sensors showed no movement, I had come to a complete stop and the engines were still going trying to push me forward.  Suddenly a bright light engulfed the entire ship and I felt my stomach crawling itself up through my throat.

In an instant the computers went crazy and rebooted themselves.  A moment later my ship began to shake violently , I hung on like some reenactment of a Star Trek episode.  Loud clanking and metal being bent filled the flight deck at ear piercing levels.  Then, it was gone!

I stood standing on a platform in a dimly lit room.  A single light shun upon me until the unmistaken sound of footsteps began to approach.  What stood before me was human-ish, bipedal with lanky arms.  It spoke, in a slight derivative of English.  Words I recalled but spoken in an almost robotic nature but with beautiful cadence.

I struggled to compehend what was being said.  Between the absurdity of what was being told to me and the nature in which it was being spoken I became confused.  Feeling overwhelmed I took a deep breath and asked.

"Where am I, and why am I here?"

My life has been wasted, my dreams and purpose destroyed by my species rapid advancement in technology and physics.  

So here I am!  A non modified human, coming to grips with the fact that only 33 years after I left earth they discovered how to bend space and time for instant travel.  It took my ship 305 years and 12 days to arrive at my predetermined objective.  Yet mere seconds later I was back on earth, like my ship; a relic from the past who bares no usefulness to my species anymore.

Just like my ship I am being dismantled and reporposed.  My DNA spliced and folded until I am no longer the man I once was, but the collective organism I will soon become.  I am James Roberts Hishner, the 6th crew member and only remaining survivor of the spaceship Scericho.  Let these be the words assimilated into the collective.

Let this being comence joining of collective 132.6 hence now and for the good of proper advancement of species.  

"Assimilation completed, and welcome 61233 into being and commence duty to sector 4-7-H, good day."