From time to time, Volo's father Vultrex flew by his cave. Each time, the young dragon unfurled his spindly wings and hissed at his father disapprovingly. "Give me some heads up," he'd say in their ancient tongue. "I've only asked you a thousand times."

Vultrex was always sticking his nose where it was unwelcome. He was too big, and too imposing, and he inevitably ruined everything. His blacktipped horns would scrape the walls Volo had so lovingly adorned with silk garments, or his thick tail would knock askance beautiful porcelain vases hand-painted in the Orient. Once, he'd even been clumsy enough to knock over the statue of Prince Alamar himself. Volo shrieked wildly when he saw the gold paint had chipped right between Alamar's emerald eyes.  "Why are you even here?" Volo had hissed. Though, he already knew the answer. Each time his father visited it was all in the name of: "Just seeing what you're up to..." 

Volo could decipher that code easily enough. 

Most dragons Volo's age had made a name for themselves. They'd burned entire caches of stored grain, earning the ire of some local count. Or they'd pillaged mountainside villages for their flock of goats. It was considered an outright sin if you hadn't earned your first bounty by the age of three. Volo was five, and he'd never so much as puffed a fireball. Every time his father stopped by, Volo could hear the disappointment in his voice. He feigned interest, sure enough, but Volo could tell he'd rather be out huffing smoke or tasting blood. 

"A fine piece of gold, son," his father once said, picking at a golden necklace snatched from the top of Volo's glistening pile of trinkets. "We should fly off past the mountains some time and see if we can't find more of its like, eh? Build up a true dragon's hoard!"

Volo hardly casted a glance in his direction. The dainty necklace dangling between his father's massive talons was one of an identical set of six. Plus, a trip beyond the mountains sounded taxing and sweaty. 

"Yeah..Yeah, maybe some day dad."

Then, as always, the look of paternal disappointment. 

All Volo was really interested in was Prince Alamar. He was simply wonderful. He dressed in the finest silk, embroidered in a green that perfectly complemented his eyes. Plus, he was an absolute charmer. Tales of his deeds amongst the poor traveled their way through the nobility, and thus through the ranks of dragons who kidnapped them. Princesses would wax poetic over his strong jawline, or the way with which he disposed of a group of alleyway bandits. 

There, in Volo's eyes, lay a true prize. The other dragons could keep their cows and their burned villages. Their ditzy princesses were worth even less.Volo wanted himself a prince. 

One day, he got what he wished for. Volo was rolling in a flowered meadow when Alamar came galavanting over on a white horse. Volo practically seized with excitement. "Hellfire!" shouted Alamar, reigning in his horse as Volo made his descent. He threw up his arms. "Whatever shall I do?"

"You'll be quiet, if you please," Volo said with glee. "You're mine now."

They flew to Volo's cave, where Volo set the prince down gently and asked if he was hungry. 

"Famished actually," Alamar smiled. "Have you anything to roast?"

"Well, I haven't much practice," Volo said. "But I could kill you a cow."

"That would be lovely."

Volo quickly flew to a meadow and slaughtered a cow, roasting it with fire from his own throat. The meat was so well-browned it might have even made his father proud. The Prince heaped thanks upon him and ate greedily. 

Of course, it wasn't long after that Volo's father came knocking. Volo had just begun lavishing the prince with all sorts of praise for his good deeds, but when he saw his father's form on the horizon, his happiness deflated.

"Perhaps he'd want to chat?" Alamar asked, as Volo reluctantly returned his horse into his possession. "Surely, he's as lovely a dragon as yourself?"

"Trust me," Volo said dismally. "He wouldn't understand." With bitter disappointment, he bid the Prince farewell. Then he turned and prepared for his father.

"You've made your first kill!" Vultrex marveled. He stooped low, inspecting the cow's remains. "An excellent sear, son!"

Volo sighed. "Thanks."He milled about on his feet for a while, tail swishing uneasily. His father tested the air, and Volo's heart fluttered, hoping he wouldn't recognize the scent of his recent visitor.

After several awkward, lingering minutes his father said he aught to be off. "I was just passing through, seeing what you were up to."

*Of course you were*

Volo said he'd see him around, but his thoughts still very much directed towards Alamar. Perhaps, if his father would hurry up and leave, the two could rendezvous down by the river.

His father lingered for several minutes by the cave entrance. 

*Leave already, damn you! He's halfway across the kingdom by now*

"I'm proud of you son. And I love you."

"Yeah. You too Dad."

And, finally, his father was off.

-------------------------

"He really is quite nice," said Alamar to Vultrex. "A regular Prince Charming."

"Your praise is well received Sir Alamar," smiled Eratha, Volo's mother. She tried to hand Alamar a bag of coin, but the prince outright refused. 

"I'd never take coin for so noble a cause," he said, and Vultrex bowed low in thanks. The prince nodded and turned to leave, but Vultrex leaned in close. "Any advice?"

Alamar sighed. "There's no rushing this sort of thing," he said. "He'll tell you when he's ready. It took me ages to speak a word of it to *my* father. Always so worried he'd label me a bastard, or unworthy of his name. But I tell you what, I'd be happy to make a return trip." At this, Alamar smiled. "You're a good father. And you've raised yourself a fine dragon."

Vultrex bowed low one final time. 

"A thousand thanks upon you. That was the happiest I'd seen him in some time."

-------------------

r/M0Zark