"It's finally happened; Aliens, superpowers, intergalactic travel, A.I, the whole enchilada...from last night at that Tex-Mex-Clexon place reheated up evenly for once. Remember how you liked the mix of queso and star dust that was on the side? I got some to go." Chris, as he likes to call himself, had heard that food and humor could help Eric out since he was human and quite possibly the holder of the lamest superpower in recorded history, both on and off Earth. "Star dust was a drug back on Earth...maybe I should have done more drugs than studying to be a freakin' Scientist." Eric had buried his face in to his arms and was bent over the mess hall table with a posture that could only be described as a fussy 4th grader with a newly discovered drinking problem. "You really shouldn't be drinking so much, the C.H.A.I.R showed genetic traits of alcoholis-" "I KNOW WHAT THE C.H.A.I.R SAID." Eric bellowed from his protective arm fortress. He taps his shoulders alternatively "I. CAN. REALLY. TURN. HEADS. WITH. MY. CHARM. HA. HA. HA." Chris emits a smile from his interface screen "See? Time plus tragedy equals comedy!" Eric lifts his arm as a white flag of surrender to reveal his watch which just switched from Red to Green. "You overheat when you try to be funny; your ancestors were CRISPRs not comedians. Last time you tried to be funny, Alex was roasted alive." Chris gleefully replied "I guess I really AM a crisper!" "...I'm gonna go shoot myself out of the airlock, bye." Eric stumbles up and out of his seat, and stretches his back. "I wonder if I should pose before my corpse freezes in space." Eric performs a number of human dances he was taught in history class in hopes of finding the right one. He rushes through the chicken dance, the square dance, Cupid shuffle, some tribe jigs, a number of vogue poses, and finally the Macarena. In his hurry he touched both his shoulders and it was as if he had a ménage à trois with the morning after and the here after. Luckily, his revival tube was up and running and Chris was waiting for him just outside, as always. Eric steps out in his newly tailored birthday suit with a look of shock and awe, while Chris in a his utmost serious tone "WOW. Okay. Splitting headache is an understatement. We're gonna need to cut that shit out." Eric laughs, Chris laughs, and Eric's watch giggles a little.