"Alright, listen carefully. This is very important. I am on my way, but it's going to take me about 6 hours to get from New York to South Dakota. There are some things I will need you to do. First, shut your mouth. No talking, no matter what. Second, find yourself some benadryl. Over the counter. If you don't have it, buy it. Take 6, then lay down and go to sleep. When I get there, we will talk further. Leave a key under the doormat. But no matter what, don't talk!"

I hung up, and put my phone in the TSA security tray. Djinn were the worst. Very liberal with what they considered a "wish", and always listening. Last client I advised with one, the poor bastard used all 3 wishes in the time it took me to get across town. Upside, they were relatively straightforward, not as many monkeys paw scenarios, long as you followed the rules. Hopefully, this kid could follow instructions. 

I arrived on scene about 7 hours later. Kid was still sleeping. I grabbed my briefcase, got out of the uber, and walked to the front door. God, I hated small towns. They all reeked of desperation and manure. The key was there, and I let myself in.

Lamp was next to the kid's bed. Middle eastern in origin. Kid lucked out. Some of the djinn from East Asia were much more limited in ability. Maybe 1 in 100 cases have this much potential.

When the kid awoke, I was sitting in a chair across from him, contract on the table. I spoke immediately, as far too many people don't keep their wits about them when they wake. "Good morning, Sleeping Beauty! Don't go opening your mouth just yet; we'll get to that in a minute. First, payment. If you'll be so kind as to autograph the standard agreement, we can begin."

The kid was hesitant, a bit uncomfortable. Guess he's not used to waking up with a stranger watching him. No matter. He read the agreement, signed his name. Will Bryant. Excellent.

"First, the rules. All wishes are governed by a few, shall we say, guiding principles. You can't wish for more wishes. If you try, all your wishes will be cursed, and you do NOT want a cursed wish. Remember the giant candy mascot in NYC a couple decades back, killed like 75? Don't answer that. Cursed wish. Stay puff something or other. 

"Next, you can control actions, not feelings. No wishing for love, or the like. The best you'll get is a homicidal maniac collecting your hair while you sleep. 

"Finally, djinn are a special case. They aren't malevolent, but they are literal. So I will have you write down what you want, and then I will text you the words to read, exactly."

The whole process took an hour. Kid wanted fame and adoration, had to direct him to wishes for skill and charisma. Fame is emotion, when you get right to it. He went for skill in acting. Pretty standard, more than a couple Hollywood regulars got their start with me. His final wish was boring, wealth. I advised gems, as they are easy to pull from the earth and refine. Easier to do means more can be done. Thanked Will, took the lamp, and shook his hand. After that, I was on my way. 

Outside, while waiting for my ride to the airport, I ran one clawed finger down the lamp, leaving a minor scratch, before muttering a few words and sending it away. I carefully placed the contract into my briefcase, and smiled. Will would have his run, then we would have ours. Consulting is such an easy racket in the soul game. Haven't had to waste my own ability to grant power in decades. And I don't care whether you're a djinn or a goddamn sphinx. Nothing fucks with a devil's bargain.