Everyone always kills Hitler themself. Like the winner of the annual Killing Hitler contest two years ago.  He was a nano-surgeon specialist with a fiendishly creative approach to killing Hitler.  Knowing Hitler relied on a heavy regimen of medicines and drugs, he was able to slip in a pill full of nanobots and alter his medication to put him to sleep.  While Hitler slept, the surgeon embedded a fiber optic camera in the left tear duct. Hitler barely used his left arm and kept his hand in a pocket to hide the tremors from Parkinson’s Disease. Therefore, no one noticed the control computer for the nanobots implanted in the left armpit.   
Hitler’s demise was slow and agonizing. The surgeon had programmed the nanobots to disperse and attach themselves to the GI tract and major blood vessels. The fiber-optic camera wirelessly streamed video of everything Hitler saw to the control computer.  Whenever the computer recognized someone saluting and saying, “Heil Hitler”, it instructed each nanobot to move forward 1 millimeter.  A small blade embedded in the belly of each nanobot would cut through the tissue.  Within a few days, enough blood and fecal matter had leaked into Hitler’s body to send him into septic shock.  The nano-surgeon earned a lot of points for originality and creativity. But…I heard they stripped him of his medical license shortly after winning.
Most people kill Hitler early in the war.  For my plan to succeed, I needed to travel to the last months of World War II in Europe. I chose the first week in February of 1945.  The Russians were sweeping over Europe and the Allies had just repulsed the Germans’ last gasp counter-offensive in the Ardennes.  To all but the most delusional, Germany’s defeat was a certainty.  During my research, I learned of an evening when Hitler and his Reich Minister of Propaganda, Josef Goebbels, would be alone in a movie theater reviewing Goebbels’ latest propaganda film.  I subdued them and bound and gagged them.
Quietly, I nervously introduced myself in halting German. “Hello, my name is Sam Brownstein.” I stared into the eyes of history’s vilest man and found my courage.  “My great-great grandfather was a Polish Jew and survivor of your ‘Final Solution’.  
Both men looked at me quizzically.  
“I am a time traveler from the year 2167. Time travel is based upon the theories developed by the Jewish physicist Albert Einstein.” 
Hitler’s nostrils flared. The flame of hatred burned deep in his eyes.  I leaned in close to show them the Temporal Chronometer strapped to my arm. 
“This device was created by a team of Jews in Israel…a country you will learn more about in the film I made for you.”  
I strapped eyelid spreaders with eye drop dispensers on their heads. Then I turned down the lights. I threaded in my film, started the film projector, and forced Hitler and Goebbels to endure their tailored A Clockwork Orange experience.
The title of my film, translated into German, was “The world after Hitler and Nazi Germany”.  Act I of the movie I called ‘Germany Destroyed’.  It started with the destruction of Berlin and the celebrations of Allied forces. That was followed by a condensed history of the division of Germany into East and West and the negative effects of the Cold War on the country.   Part 2 of the film, ‘The Ascent of the Jews’, began with footage of the liberation of the concentration camps.  I had paid a time traveling film crew to create a series of interviews of elderly Holocaust survivors. Each was proud to show the serial numbers still tattooed on their wrinkled and aged skin.  Surrounded by their families, each proudly gave a short biography of their success in the post-war years.  Next came a short history of the creation of the State of Israel and its place in world affairs.  Lastly, for the benefit of Goebbels, I showed the domination of Jewish actors and musicians in arts and entertainment and their enduring influence on modern pop culture.  The film ended with the toppling of the eagle and swastika on the Reich Chancellery building followed by a rising sun shaped like the Star of David.
After bringing up the house lights, I removed their gags and loosened their bonds enough to give back use of their right arm.  Then I pulled a Luger pistol I had taken from a guard and presented it to them.
“I will now give you a choice.  You can take this gun and shoot me, but as a time traveler from the future, killing me won’t alter history.  However, if you shoot yourselves now the war will end on a different date. History will be altered,” I lied. “Perhaps enough to create a different future.“ 
Hitler’s entire body was quivering with rage. He spat on me, grabbed the gun from my hand, placed it to his temple, and pulled the trigger without hesitation.  I picked the pistol from off the floor and handed it to Goebbels.  It took him a few minutes as he raised the gun to his temple, lowered it, and raised it again.  Finally, tears in his eyes he said, “For my Fuehrer, for Germany, for my family,” and pulled the trigger.  With that, I won the contest by doing what no one else had tried – convincing Hitler to kill himself.
