It was a quiet night, and I hope that it stays that way. But of course, just thinking that will inevitable cause problems. As the sound of the ambulance sirens getting closer proves murphy’s law correct once again. I probably won’t be needed because of seniority, but It is a good idea to be seen, and if I’m needed, I’ll be in the proper location to do something.   
Looking at my patient tablet I see the date, January 1st 2019. Yeah it is almost time to retire and start over again. It’s been forty years since I last went to medical school. There will be some new advances I should acquaint myself with. I moved through the white sterile walls on my way to the emergency room.   
It really seemed to be a quiet shift. Even quiet there were still several rooms, well stalls really that had people being treated. I will always be amazed at just how far medicine has evolved since I started, well how everything has evolved but especially medicine. My eagerness to return to medical school surfaced again as I walked to the nurse’s station.  
“Slow tonight?” I asked Sarah the head nurse as she sat at her computer inputting some information on, I glanced down at her screen, Jerry Mclinder.    
Her fingers did not slow as her gaze shifted up to mine and she said, “Don’t jinx us Dr. Shields.” But she still smiled at me. I know she was interested in another intimate encounter. Now was not the time for that, maybe later we could do something, but right now I want to see what issues are being brought in by ambulance.   
The paramedics brought her in strapped down on a stretcher. I did a quick glance, there was a lot of blood, it looked like an animal attack. Her arms were bandaged, as was her face. Whatever attacked her got passed her arms, I had seen something like this in the past, she probably was attacked held up her arms to protect her face, and the animal slipped through to maul her face. This was common enough that hundreds of memories of dealing with it flashed through my mind.  
It turned to the head nurse and said, “Prep the leaches, the bad blood should be purged first.”   
She smiled in amusement before replying, “You always seem to bring up the archaic medical techniques. I’d be worried if I didn’t know how your humor works.”   
That did the trick of returning my mind to the current medical techniques, ones usually more effective than those of the past. Another ambulance siren came into earshot. I turned to Sarah, “You know what to do, Ill check on the next one coming in, I’l leave her in your capable hands.”   
Another nurse was checking her pulse. “It’s erratic, and she is burning up.” The Stretcher was pushed into one of the empty stalls. I moved to the entry door and got ready to observe this next patient coming in.   
The ambulance entering this time, was coming in a little too fast for my taste. I stepped back pulling the two nurses that followed me outside back as well. The ambulance started to slow just before reaching the unloading point. But not fast enough. The two vehicles collided with the loud sound of metal tearing metal emanating from the point of contact. Both vehicles moved forward, until the mass of the first stopped the second one. Once the impact was finished, I rushed out, it was time to check on the driver and his partner and their patient. The next sound was a scream.   
I rushed around the vehicle and made it to the drive’s door. Looking in I could tell it would require a lot of work to get him out, considering he was pinned in and he was unconscious. The security at the entrance was already on his radio calling for some additional support. So, I moved to the rear of the vehicle, the doors were closed, and I opened them quickly, knowing that it would probably not be pretty inside.   
I was right, there was blood everywhere as the stretcher with the patient had come loose and was flipped over, on t op of the other paramedic in the ambulance. He was screaming, but the patient on the gurney had to be unconscious or had a bad break on his back considering his leg was sticking out at an unnatural angle. There was another sound that was out of place in an accident like this. Some sort of wet squishing sound almost drowned out by the screaming. I stepped in to see about flipping the stretcher over and checking on the screaming paramedic.   
There was something odd going on. The stretcher was not wanting to flip over. After a moment and some exertions of strength I managed to flip it off the paramedic. And was rewarded with a spray of arterial blood to my jacket. The screaming tapered off. There would be little to be done for him. So I turned to the stretcher The patient had a blood splattered face. And his mouth was chewing. I stepped up and his eyes locked on to mine. I stepped back in horrible recognition.  
Those eyes were the same ones I saw almost three centuries ago. The eyes were desiccated and covered in lots of scratches. There was no one left to see on the other side of that soul gazing window. I carefully moved out of the future death trap and secured the door. Turning to the security just arriving I told them, “No one is to enter the rear of this ambulance at all! I need the one with the jaws of life with me, we might be able to do something for the driver.” A worrying thought popped into my head as I moved to the front of the vehicle again, what if the girl from earlier was part of this. I couldn’t be in two places at once. So, I would deal with this first, then check on the progress of the first patient.
