
   No fucking way.

As the lights from the submarine reached its way through the many bodies lined up like pieces of stone art, the silence among the sea and their graceful sways from side to side captured all our eyes. 

Each figure pivoted from a large stone, rusty chains holding their two ankles down and for some of them, chained up to their waists. Their eyes were closed and their bodies lifeless, flowing with the aqua current.

“You are definitely getting a raise.” Dennis nudges my shoulder, smiling at the view of my discovery.

We were currently at the deepest part of the sea in search of these extraordinary creatures named vampires. I couldn’t believe my eyes. Everything they said was true. My studies were true. 

“I don’t have a good feeling about this.” Nina crosses her arms, turning back from staring at the view. “They’re not dead. They know we’re here. This isn’t some tourist activity, Lin.” 

She points to the scratch marks on the stones below. “Oh god no.”

“Geez, why tag along if you’re so scared?” Dennis frowns.

“Lin, I think we should leave.” Nina’s expression becomes more of a blur.

“Not so fast, let’s move closer.” I reply, still mesmerized by the scene of magnificence.

Dennis reels our submarine closer to the silent bodies, the eerie blue complementing the moss formed on their chests down. Each second passing by, my heart grew excited, pounding hard for something that I was proven wrong for. My belief in their non-existence was gone. I couldn’t take my eyes off them and wouldn’t for even just a second. 

“Dennis, stop!” Nina screams, eyes wide at the side of the glass.

I quickly turned to her side, alarmed by the fear in her voice and saw the unexpectedness that was expected occur before my eyes.

“I fucking told you they’re not dead!” 

Two pairs of eyes piercing directly at me. Even through the sea and glass that separated us, I could clearly feel that sense of being watched closely. Almost as if I was naked, its eyes would not leave mine. 

“Holy blueberry barrels.” Dennis’ jaw drops as the next dozen vampires lit up their eyes, all of them staring our way. Their expressionless faces watches us in silence.

The closest one to us raises its arm, cracking debris out of its stretch and suddenly pulling onto its chain.

They followed.

“W-We need to leave. Now!” 

And then it was that sound. A sound loud enough for me to hang on to. The sound of a child, crying almost. I searched for its location, diverting my stare from each vampire that was continuing to pursue us, shifting their stones as much as they could and in the moment of a glimpse, I spotted a smaller figure, its face unlike the others and its eyes still closed. Its mouth creviced into an arch and its hands on both of its temples. And then its eyes opened, meeting mines. I suddenly felt conflicted. I saw the small bubbles leaving its lips, how sad it looked.

“Is that a child?” I asked. “They chained children down here?”

“Lin, they’re vampires, embodied like humans! Children or not if we don’t leave, they’re going to kill us!” 

“Captain?” Dennis was waiting on my command. 

In midst of the chaos, the child stared at me, desperately.

A loud noise hits our left, the alarm sounds running with emergency recalls and the place shakes. Dennis immediately steers us right, dodging the multiple attacks from the vampires and hearing their claws scratch against the side as we accelerated further. Nina collapses onto the ground and her body slides to the right of the space along with the motion of the submarine.

“Easy, Dennis!” I shout, hanging onto a handle for dear life.

I quickly maintain my balance and rush over to Nina’s side, aiding her up.

“Cap, I hate to tell you this now but I’m catching something on our rear!” He says, teeth gritting as he tries to control navigation. “And it’s not getting off the ride!”

At that moment, a trail of scratching from behind us slowly makes its way to our side. The hair on my arms stand up as I listen to the squeaky movement struggle its way further to the front. Everyone became quiet. The sound of the beeping continues to fill the place.

“Oh my god.” 

A hand slams on the glass.

