Saint Peter drums his fingers on the page that has clearly written such an abnormally high figure beside my name. I rack my brain, trying to rationalize this. What had I been doing that had the potential to be fatal so frequently?

I think back, perhaps it was something I had done? I curated my own dried tea collections, maybe I had accidentally been adding something that was toxic, and built up my immunity over time to what otherwise would have killed me? Surely not..

My head tilts side to side as I muse, and I cast my eyes to my dear husband. He looks vaguely nauseous, and perhaps even a bit sheepish. I move my hands to clasp his.

“All that is important is that nothing actually took me away from you. You don’t need to worry now.” I console him. He draws a deep breath and reaches up to sweep my bangs away from my temples.

“There is something I need to tell you.. I want you to remember how wonderful our life together was first. Can you do that?” I nod in response to his words and images of my confession of love to him, the look of longing on his face as he took in my wedding dress, his eyes full of surrender as I cradled our first born daughter to my chest flit through my mind. Our life was almost picture perfect, it’s true. He took a shaky breath and smiled at me.

“I’m not sure how to tell you this. But you know how much of an adrenaline junkie I was in life. I know it made you uncomfortable, but I was a thrill seeker. It was nearly compulsive. No, more than that. It was almost necessary, Kat.” He ran his fingers through his hair as he did in life when his anxiety brewed under his skin. I purse my lips to ask what he meant, but decided to let him talk at his leisure. He guided me to a bench and sat down, drawing me into his lap where he covered my hands with his.

“I loved, well, love.. you so very much. But you didn’t know all of me. I did my very best every day of our lives to be the husband you deserved, and a man of honor to our family. But you were always just so.. damn tempting to me. Sometimes, you would pull my head against your chest while we were watching movies on the couch. But instead of the film, all I could hear was your blood pulsing in your neck, or your strong heartbeat against my cheek. Katrina, I would never hurt you, you know that. I always kept my promise to myself..” here he took a shaky breath. 

“But I wanted, so badly, to kill you, Kat..”

My eyes searched his as I waited for his analogy to pan out, his eyes to flicker in amusement. But nothing came. I furrow my brow and lean away from his embrace just enough to get a good look at him.

“What do you mean, kill me..?” He closed his eyes for a moment, seemingly in pain at the confusion in my voice.

“Before I met you, it was so difficult to *feel* anything. I was empty. I had a morbid curiosity growing up about what it was like to take control of the life around me. I... well, I had killed before I met you.” A brief pause here as he gathered courage. “I saw you at our university and knew I would make you my trophy, the ultimate prize. You were so lovely, with those sweet freckles that dance like stardust across your nose. Smile lines around your lips well used by years of that wild laugh of yours. I learned your schedule, and followed you for days. You always thought it was fate, or coincidence, that we were forced into a group together in our first communications class. But I orchestrated it down to the letter.”

I felt a piece of my heart break away at that. I loved our story, and I told it often with gratefulness in my heart. How thankful I was that God had placed us together! I got up and turned to walk from him to clear my thoughts. No sooner had I turned than he swept behind me and embraced my tightly.

“You have to listen to me. I’m not through. Yes, that was my plan. It was not fate or circumstance. But you captivated me entirely. The more I learned about you, the more I treasured the breath that filled your body and the thoughts raging inside that head of yours. I came to love you with every part of my assuredly empty soul. You filled me with emotions I had struggled with for years, Kat. I could never have told you, that I intended to take your life, and that I was so grateful you gave me reason not to. But I can now. I love you.”

“With all that I was, I fought those urges. Every day, I saw you, wanted to take your life. And came too close on sadly more than one occasion. But I could never. You were already my trophy, my prize. And I found I didn’t have to kill you to satisfy that. I’m sorry you had to find out this way. I know that number shocked you. But I spent life with you, and if you can forgive me, I would be the luckiest man this side of the grave if you would spend the afterlife with me.”

I turned around, a small smile playing on my lips. 

“I suppose God brought us together after all.. he allowed me to quell those thoughts, your urges to hurt others.” I said, accepting him for what he was, and the honesty in his eyes. I saw a hint of the young man he once was as he scooped me up bridal style in his arms and bore me across the threshold of our new (after) life together.

“I said I could withhold myself from taking your life, my darling. I made no such promises to anyone else but our children.” He grinned slightly, eyes glinting mischievously down at me. 

Oh Boy.

“Well.. I guess I better be prepared to meet some people who may be less than thrilled to see you here, huh?” My dear husband threw his head back and guffawed, holding me tighter.

“My love, you don’t know the half of it.”
