Once upon a time there was a Soldier named Sheamus. He was Tauth De, God Folk. His tribe went to war with Fomoire of the Desert and won. The evil gods would be banished from Ireland but all his tribe had died in the desert. Only the soldier remained. Lost in the desert. 

On this day a storm grew on the horizon, the winds blew away at a ridge of dunes revealing rock and caves. The same winds filled the sky with sand, hiding the earth from the sky.

The soldier marched through the storm to the caves but the sands sunk and slowed him down. Tired from his travel he reached the mouth of the cave and spilled down into it finally safe from the storm.

Sheamus could not see in the dark cave but he was a Tauth De and his people protectors of the underworld. Taking his hat off he dug his hand in and pull out a small flame. It seemed to burn from his palm but he held it aloft as if it was nothing more than a hot plate. 

Seeing clearly now the soldier could see gold coin covering the floors. Piles of gold, wooden chest and barrels filled the cave. The sound of running water deeper in the cave. Beyond the heaps of gold coin, a dark abyss. The orange light shined on the gold and the cave in such beauty the soldier simply watched light shimmer.

*ROAR*

The cave shook, sending pebbles and dust down. Sheamus closed his hand and ran to hide behind a pile of gold near the cave wall. 

*ROAR*

The creature in the cave was huge and rattled the walls with its roars. The soldier slid down a pile of golden treasure and tumbled into a valley between heaps. 

*ROAR*

With a swipe a heap of gold disappeared. Behind it stood a Dragon so large and dark he seemed to go on filling the whole cave. His snout dug into the gold smelling for the intruder. 

Sheamus stood to run when he noticed a gold vessel around his ankle. In falling he had stepped into the handle of a golden treasure. The lamp, big for an average sized man was a ball and chain around his ankle. Still he dragged his leg behind himself leaving a trail a musical din. 

The dragon could hear his clumsy efforts but the cave walls echoed and hid Sheamus in it's noise. In an enclave along the cave wall, sheamus tugged at his  treasure.

*Poof* 

"Mortal I am Isiah, Jin of the Desert Caves." A spectre appeared before Sheamus.

"Not quite mortal, I'm a Tauth De, godfolk ya know. You're mischievous magic maker aren't you. Bonds and balance. Hubris and humility, it's beautiful magic honestly but its wasted on me."

*Roar*

The dragon losing patience began to thrash his tail against the walls. Turning to strike again the dragon came face to face with the soldier. The dragon breathed in as the cave filled with the smell of sulfur.

"I wish I was sitting on his head"

*ROAR* Blue flames melted the gold into a puddle. The dragons mouth held a flame that lit the whole chamber. 

"Why such a silly wish? This isn't very safe?" The Jin ask the soldier.

"Safe enough I just needed a second-" The dragon shook his head and snapped up at the pair. As the weight of the treasure pulled Sheamus down he threw his hat at the ground. Closing his jaws the dragon snapped at nothing. Sheamus rose from the ground and straightened his hat. 

"This one's tough, flames or teeth he can kill God folk I'm sure." The Jin watched his master as he stared at the dragons back. The monster thrashed about the cave. "Don't you wanna hide? Or wish yourself somewhere safe?"

"No no I've got two wishes left and if I live, a pile of gold. I'm seeing this one out."