This is the story of Joe. 

Joe was casually strolling to his apartment after a long day at work. Joe was an IT Manager at a small call center. It had been a long day, and as the traffic passed, and birds chirped, Joe was walking. 

He was eager to get home, if you could even call it that. A sofa, tv and refrigerator don't make much of a home. Joe looked at his feet, as he walked. Watching the pavement pass.. He just, didn't know what he was doing. 

He and his wife had an argument, a few weeks back, or was it a month.. Joe didn't really know. And couldn't be bothered to remember.. back then, one thing lead to another, and then almost as quickly as a passing car, they we're gone. His daughter Angela, and his beloved wife, Marie. 

As Joe walked, he didn't seem to realise, or care, about the people around him. They all were focused on the televisions in the shop fronts. Looks important Joe said to himself.. then he kept walking. 

As he crossed the road, suddenly a van sped past him, starling him and making him fall over losing some minor paperwork. As Joe collected his things, he wondered why on Earth people we're so eager to be somewhere, were they in trouble, were they trying to annoy him. In the end, Joe didn't really care. He just wanted to get home. 

The arrived at his apartment building and made his way up the stairs, 

His neighbour opened her front door, and her daughter followed her out. 

"*But muum why do we have to go?*"
"*It's not safe here now come on, we'll go see Grandpa and Grandma*"

Joe watched as they walked off. Huh..

Joe stopped. Was that.. a fire he could smell? Did the neighbour set the place on fire and run?.. no..  Joe unlocked his apartment and inspected all his rooms, was his iron on? The stove? No.. someone must be burning something down the street. He didn't really care. 

He tossed his briefcase on the bench, and jumped on his bed. He had a tv at the end of his bed, a small analog tv that could barely show colour.  He turned it on and flicked through the channels. 

*Zzzzz Breaking News Horror breaks out when..* 
*Flick*
*Let's sing the Alphabet so.. zzzzz*
*Flick* 
*What a Bizarre Reference.. zzzz* 
*Flick*
*Dead have risen in the North East and..*
*Click..*

Joe just.. didn't care. He laid back in his bed. Staring at his ceiling fan. 

He rolled over..

What was he doing..


Ok I'm writing a fair bit and can't really help myself but its late. 
Joe ends up becoming undead, but still Joe. Every week he dies, and gets greeted by death and escorted to Purgatory. But he just leaves because he's undead and slips between dead and undead. 

He makes a good friendship with Grim and then scientists create a cure. He's injected, and normal again  grim decides to help him get back together with his wife.
Being his deathwingman, killing people or doing things to help get him together with Marie. 

But somewhere along the way he doesn't want him to get with Marie, Grim wants a friend. He might try use Angela to get to him or something. I have a good idea. Need some time to finish putting it all together. Also, I know this isn't exactly what the prompt said, but it's a prompt not a forced narrative so guess it works. If I have any incorrect words, to bad it's late. I'm Aussie aswell so excuse the *our* words and *mum* 