"Lars is face to face with the man who killed his father. He's beaten and broken after the long battle. This is his chance to get answers.  What do you do?" Don asked Tom.

"I'd like to intimidate him to tell me what I want to know."

"Ok, you'll have advantage on that. What do you say?"

"I raise my sword to his neck and say, you're not leaving here alive, but if you tell me why you killed my father, and how to stop your machination, I can promise you a quick death." Tom rolled his dice, "Two, plus my seven to intimidation is 9." He rolled a second time. "Twenty!"

"Ok, so the necromancer looks up your blade and says: Ok, ok. I'll tell you. It was--" Karen entered the room.

"Sorry guys, weak bladder. What'd I miss?"

"You have the necromancer within an inch of his life. You're-"

"Great! Felitious casts fireball." Karen rolled her rainbow die with the jokerman font. "Thirty-two damage."

"Ok, that would kill him," Don said. "But I'm going to give you a chance to back out because Lars is right in front of him, trying to get answers."

She paused before speaking. "No, I don't think Felitious would really care. She's kinda bored with this whole thing and just wants to get it over with."

"Are you sure?"

"Yup!" She smiled at everyone at the thanks, seemingly oblivious to the glares she was receiving.

"Ok... So the necromancer is dead..." Karen pumps her fists. "As is Lars because he was in range of the fireball, and so was Cash."

"Oh c'mon!" Martin said, pulling out a new character sheet.

"Whoops." Karen said, slinking down in her chair, as if she had any remorse. "But hey!" She said popping back up. "Your new characters can be Felitious' childhood friends! And Tom, yours should have a crush on Felitious, but she'll have a crush on Martin's character!"

Jenny spoke up. "So, Lars and Cash are dead...and Dreek is alone with Felitious?"

"That's right." Don said.

"Ooh!" Karen squealed. "I like where this is going."

"Dreek pulls out his hand crossbow and shoots himself in the head. Point blank."

"Uh...ok." Don said. "Roll for damage?"

"Point. Blank." JENNY stressed. "Right. Well you're dead."

"I loot the corpses!" Karen said

" Actually I think we'll call it a night here." Don said.  "And, uh, next week doesn't work for me. Neither does the week after. Tuesdays in general are going to be tough. I'll be in touch."

That night, Martin, Tom, and Jenny, all received a text. "Same time next week. New characters, new campaign." Karen got one that read, "Hey, so it doesn't look like I'll actually be able to keep DMing, which is a bummer. Hope you can all find another group. Best of luck."