We laughed. 

Mike was wiping tears out of his eyes, "Lisa..Oh my..." and then he couldn't quite control himself and burst out laughing again. 

I myself was on the verge of tears but I couldn't help but laugh at the sheer ridiculousness of the situation. "The odds of the two of us," I said between spurts of laughter, "probably the only people in the world who had promised their first born to someone else *marrying* each other..."

It was at that moment that Mark began to cry in the other room, and we immediately stopped laughing. Blessedly, Mike quieted immediately afterwards, but the damage was done. The shield of laughter we had been using to stave off facing the situation was gone, leaving nothing but tears and anger. 

Mike gripped my hands in his. "I won't let it happen, Lisa, I promise you. I won't let them take him, no one." 

I squeezed his hand back, "you can count me in, Mike, we were stupid when we were young, we had no idea, what...what another life that came from us meant. But hell if I'm going to let 16 year old affect me life today." I set my jaw and continued, "They aren't taking Mark."

Of course, the second half of the sentence hung unsaid in the air, "...while we are alive," but some things do not need to be said.

***

We received them on the couch. 

There was a knock on the door. Beside me Mike took a shuddering breath. This was it. We would either stand here or die. Mike gave my hand a tight squeeze as I got up to open the door. I didn't know quite what I had expected. I had expected the Old Gods to have tentacles, or multiple eyes, or slimy. 

I didn't expect her to be hot. 

She stood almost 6 foot 5 and could be on the cover of any magazine. She had red hair like mine that reached to the middle of her back, and she wore a business skirt with a length just on the edge of proper. But those features did nothing to match her eyes, a mix of colors, green blue, yellow,  swirling together, but not mixing. And those eyes were looking directly at me. 

"Hello, Lisa," she said with a smile that did not quite touch her eyes.  

I returned her gaze coolly, despite my shock. “Hello, Morrigan.” Her eyes widened a bit, and I knew I’d gotten it right. I’d researched the Old Gods a bit and there was only one who took the form of a red-haired beauty. Most really did prefer tentacles and multiple eyes and all that. Morrigan preferred to look human.

The slight smile came back on her lips, and it might have been my imagination, but the colors in her eyes began to swirl a bit more rapidly. “Nicely done,” she said, as she outstretched her palm, and before I could react a pale green globe hit me directly in the chest. 

Before I knew it I was against a wall blinking tears out of my eyes. She had known. *She had known!* There was a loud ringing in my ears, but I could still hear Mike screaming, and the sound of explosions. I had to help, Mike couldn’t fight her alone. But my body refused to obey, and I sat there stunned. 

After what seemed like years but was likely seconds, I saw Mark fly and hit the wall right next to me. It was all I could do to look at him, my body capable of nothing else. He looked back on me, blood running down his face. 

It occurred to me then how stupid we’d been. We’d thought to take down an Old God, the wisest and most powerful beings in the universe. We had power sure, I could project the same balls of energy Morrigan could, but the knowledge, the experience she had made us no match for her.

And then she was upon us. Standing in front of us while we lay completely at her mercy. Morrigan tsked at me. “Come on now, Lisa, I thought you were better than that. But alas, all humans, *so* predictable.” And then she turned to Mike. “And you...you are even weaker than her, but your power was not bestowed upon you by Lisa…” She frowned, an expression that seemed completely out of place on her face. But then she shrugged. “No matter, tell me where the child is, and I shall spare the two of you.”

Suddenly I felt whatever force that was holding my body in place weaken, and I could move again. “Please don’t try anything, Lisa,” she said, picking something below her nails, utterly bored, “I would hate to kill your love here.” As she said Mark suddenly screamed as his body spasmed. 

And then it came to me. 

“Morrigan,” I said,, staring her dead in they eyes. 

“Mmhm?” she said, looking back at me. 

“I will not give you my child.”

Morrigan rolled her eyes. “Oh come on, Lisa, you’re smarter than this, I just have to torture him enough and you’ll tell me everything you know.” Again she made a motion with her hands and Mike screamed.    

“Wait!” I said a bit hysterically, my calm facade slipping, “hear me out!” Mark and I had been fools to fight Morrigan alone, we stood no chance against an Old God. 

But someone else did. 

At that moment the door behind Morrigan exploded, and she whirled around just in time to see the interdimensional Apothecon, with tentacles and all, enter the house.

Morrigan looked at me, and despite it all, her mouth as bared in a smile. “Not so predictable after all Lisa, Lisa. So that’s how your husband got his powers.” She chuckled, “ a match made in heaven I suppose.” 

She then turned around to face the newcomer. 

  
