"Phew, what a bloody relief," Marco said to Isaiah standing in the subway line when he saw the subway worker bring out more ham from the cold storage shaped out of an old 2018 Russian nuclear warhead. 

"Yeah, no ham. What a world that would be," Isaiah replied, pointing at the bacon and then nodding at the sub-maker over and over again--more more, More. 

"When I get home..." Marco put his fingers to the scanner and it read his human-ID for charge, "...I'm gonna throw some in storage. Never know when you'll need some ham, like if the Sea-People attack us like everyone's saying they're going to next month."

"They're just pissed." 

"Well yeah," subman chimed in, verifying Isaiah's thumb print this time. "You'd be pissed off too if you had plastic coke bottles for stars and oil spills for northern lights. Not to mention the newly decorated missile homes we gave them." 

"Hey subman, how bout you just scan and keep your eyes behind those greese covered glassses of yours," Isaiah said. 

The sandwhich crafter pushed up his rounds and fixed his hat.

"He's kind of an asshole, sorry," Marco said, not making eyecontact with the worker but collecting his plastic bag of food and heading out with Isaiah. 

Call of Duty - AfterWar was pretty sweet, you could like play online but in real time so the battle never ended and it was Fully Immersive VR or FIVER as the hip kids called it thse days because the old fiver didn't exist. But Isaiah and Marco dind't call it that they just called it Cod. 

But it was cool, except after 20 kills you could blow up the moon and send astroids down on the enemy team because the old 20 kill streak reward, well, it didn't do a whole lot. And what good would blowing the shit out of hte other team do anyway? You'd phaze blast your cells straight through the concrete and down into earth's epidirmal if you called in a nuclear strike that far away from soemoene. For F-sake, if you can shoot them with your hand gun you think you'll be able to shield yourself from 20 megatons of sheer obliteration with a riot shield or oh sorry a force-field. 

But moon commets were cool, and they dind't leave mobile homes of metal laying around everywhere. I guess that would mean no cool cat house (cats love a good abandon nuke to play around in) or places for homeless people to live or--oh, you thought nukes weren't that big. Well of course not all of them but yes in this timeline they are quite hefty. 

Speaking of hefty--hefty trash bags! Marco's mother, Mama-Marco, brought home a 50gallon bag of unused uranium that wonderful subway day and laid it straight on the wooden cedar table from 1970. Those things were study they could handle 50gallons of nuclear ingredient. 

"We have enough I though," Marco asked, eyeing his mother and then the urianium and then Isaiah who was wide eyeing mom because hell she looked like that lady who buys the water isle--the entire water isle--during a drought. 
"Well, if it's as your father says and the mer-people are gonna storm our beaches then i want to make sure we have enough energy to get us through the winter." 

"Mom this will get us through the decade."

"Where the hell did you find this. Mrs. Marco's Mom."
She waded plastic bags over her hands and stuffed them in the trash under the sink.

"You boys have been playing to much of those video-games, it's corrupting you." she closed the cupboard and started to unpack the other groceries like juice boxes and milk jugs and bags of almonds, "but turns out, Galloway Middle school, where Marco went back in the day, underneath it was an old silo. Hell i don't know what they would have done if those things went airborne," 

"I don't know what I would have done if they actually worked."
"Well we'd be dead sweaty," Mama Marco smiled with her far-too-bright-for-the-grim-words-lipstick. 