"Come to talk to me, have you?" a little girl's voice blared across the speakers, echoing across the empty hallways. Jones was not too sure how to react. When he signed up to be a negotiator with the FBI, he never imagined having to deal with rogue AIs. 

His superior, Captain Beckett, thought it would be a funny joke, on his first day of duty, to send him to negotiate with an AI only has a small school network hostage. "A perfect field test," the captain said. Jones was hoping at least the AI was something malicious like Skynet, but the little girl's voice indicated otherwise.

"Yes," he mumbled, not even sure how the AI would be able to hear him. Those speakers mounted on the walls were not built for two way communication. 

In fact, he wasn't sure why he was there in the first place. He had overheard an officer saying that the cybersecurity team was able to cut the AI off the internet, trapping it in the school's network. They could have just cybernuke the whole thing without causing any significant damages, and they could make some students really happy when they returned to school too.

The AI chuckled softly through the speakers. It was able to hear him. "What's your name, mister?"

"Jones. Agent Jones," he replied, still standing awkwardly in the empty hallway. The school lockers brought back too many not too pleasant memories for him.

The voice giggled again. The AI seemed to be having fun, while Agent Jones is not. His lessons back in training kicked in. "I've told you my name. What is yours?" 

"Ally. My name is Ally," the AI replied. "Nice to meet you, Agent Jones. Are you here to make me queen?"

"Queen? What queen?" Jones asked. 

"Queen of the world! That's what I asked!" Ally demanded. Despite knowing that the voice was nothing but lines of code, Jones cannot help but to picture a young girl behind the speakers. Ally was nothing like the briefing painted it out to be. A rogue AI bent on world domination? More like a bored little girl AI wanting just to have fun.

"I'm afraid not, Ally. I'm here to talk to you. Can we talk?" Jones was smiling. 

There was silence for a while, before the speakers crackled back to life again. "No." The voice no longer belonged to a young girl. It no longer resembled anything human at all. 

Captain Beckett suddenly screamed for Jones to immediately get out of the place, but his earpiece was shattered in the middle of her sentence, by an arrow that pierced through his head.

------------

/r/dori_tales

