Like every other day of the year, wether it was work or college I was the most eager to get home. To go into my room to play videogames in my computer so I could avoid my inner thoughts, spending the money that I need to pay the driving school for that licence, and the facts that all my friends weren't people that would hang out after class. 
Like every Valentine's Day  after my relationship with Penny in 12th grade, I was alone because I had become bitter, and I just figured out that if someone was willing to put up with me, they'd put in the effort. 
These were my thoughts while I was waiting for the bus to finally get to my stop. And when it did, it was all the same and usual route to get home: go down the road, turn left, turn right, cross the street, up the stairs... I use to make coffee every day, after going through the door  and silently putting my coat and my bag on a chair. I started making coffee to warm up from this pitiful cold weather. I cleared my throaght, prepared my vocal cords and yelled: 
- " I'm home ! " to alert my roommates and their Valentine's that I was here now, and that they had to be careful with sound now, as it is usual we make fun of the one who got loud at "dinner" time. 
And unusually, I heard nothing. " The house seems empty. They must be out." I thought, it would still have the same results: homework and videogames for the peace of the mind. 
"Upstairs we go then" I thought, as I started going up the stairs with the cup of coffee in my hand. And as I got to the end, I hear a slam. 
"The damn bathroom window is open again, the glass is going to shatter if they keep on leaving it open." I groan unhappy. It was open, and our job is to close it when we're done, because it had broken already once in the winter, and we froze like penguins until it got fixed. 
With everything closed now, I opened the door of my room. Everything was exactly as I thought I had left it. Some clothes in the bed, papers on the desk, the computer is off, everything is normal and usual. So I sit and turn on the computer, put on my headphones and start going through that spanish video homework I had to do I had almost finished, but I wanted it to be neat so it wouldn't be even worse to watch than it already was. 
And it didn't take long for it to be over, some cuts here, some color correction there, some sound correction over there, and poof, it was done. It was time now to start studying for my chinese test while the video was rendering. 
I had to reach for my bag, to my left, right next to my closet. And as I roll backwards with my chair I notice a pink envelope right next to my bag it looked like it had fallen from the closet vent.
 "This is weird" I thought. "It wasn't there when I dropped the bag, was it ?"
My curiousity won the best of me, and I decided to open it before doing anything else. I couldn't believe what I was reading, it said:

>*Roses are red*
>*Violet are blue*
>*There's one Special Valentine*
>*And that one is You*
>*- Your Secret Admirer*

"Rad!" I thought at first, and after a moment of thought, I said out loud "Meh, just my be my roommates fucking with me". 
But then something strange happened, a sound came from the closet, and I could hear it now without my headset on. 
"Holy shit" I said laughing it off. 
I had a delicate situation in my hands at this moment, but I had to reflect on my next move. I had the coice between making this as unpleasant as it can get or be as smooth as I hadn't had the chance to be in years. After all, the person in my closet must've got through some difficult shit to get to my closet. "Heh, might as well give it a try" I thought. 
I grabbed a piece of paper, a pen that could go throught the vent and wrote in the paper: 

> Are you okay in there ? 

A torn paper was slided through the vent after a couple of seconds:

> Fine! I can't see much though

-Alright ! I said, and procedeed to write on another piece of paper:

>Don't come out just yet. 
>You've must gone through lots of things to pull this "getting in my room" thing.
>You're quite ressourceful, and you've put in lots of efforts. 
>I can't deny what you asked through that poem for these reasons. 
>We can go eat at TheRestaurant at 9 and then to VikingsBar if you're up for it
>I can have table 3 arranged by then. 
>I'm going to shower in a bit, you can come out by then.

I heard a nervous laugh, and the same paper comes back from the vent

>What are you expecting for tonight ?
The paper politely asked.

I laughed for a second, and then simply said "A nice date" while getting out of the room, slightly worried for what was to come. 