I've always hated fighting, but much was on the line. A million scenarios played through my mind as I considered how I might best make use of this opportunity, but all roads lead to a dead-end. The region I have been in charge of was a desolate one. Nothing could grow and mere survival was viewed as a success. There was no hope for the people in my region so I put all efforts into relocating them to other habitable regions of the kingdom. Only those who loved me most stuck by me and it hurt me every day. In the end, I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised to learn that my sponsor would be Death. 

I had always focused my efforts and talents towards mediating and negotiations. I traded what little I had, made promises of which I could barely keep to see that the inhabitants of my land with the best hearts were placed in regions that had more to offer them. My "equals" called me the Peasant Prince and I found what pride I could in the title. I was never gifted in the martial arts or anything for that matter. I've only ever cared and felt compassion, but mostly helpless for myself and my people. Much of my life was spent wishing that this land I was in charge of and myself had never existed. The next best thing being that I would die so that those most loyal to me would have nothing left to bound them to this miserable place. 

My wish has finally come true. I wish I could say that I was able to defeat at least one of my competitors, but they were too strong for me. Their abilities far outmatched my own and it was clear from the start. I did what I could, but there was no way to prepare for powers I could barely understand. Now I was seated next to my sponsor watching the rest of the battle play out. 

"You could have given me something you know. At least some intel on what the enemies would be capable of maybe?"

"Oh, yea. Sorry about that." I was sure that Death wasn't sorry at all. 

"It's over. I'm dead; or dying anyways. What are still doing here?" Though he had no face I had the impression he was smiling and loving the battle playing out below. "You wanted me to lose. Or you expected it. Why bother sponsoring me at all?"

"A means to an end. You distracted the one person I was worried about long enough for him to be killed from behind. Now no matter who wins, I will reap the maximum amount of benefits."

"How?"

"The rest are fools who care about nothing, but glory and power. They are conquers who will seek to rule beyond the current kingdom and countless wars to fuel their desires for glory and power. Many will fall, many will be born and the cycle will continue on." 

Everything made sense at that point. Death was right. I thought about my loyal servants and how they would eventually be killed. They were not warriors or people who even enjoyed conflict. I thought about those who I had already sent away to peaceful and prosperous regions and felt my heart sink as I imagined the call to arms that would inevitably come. My people were workers of the land. Peace loving people. Whoever wins this battle will view them as weak and useless. My heart began to swell and I felt a rage bubbling up. I cut a sharp glance at my sponsor who had never taken his eyes off of the battle. He was reveling in it. A million possibilities ran through my mind, each as hopeless as the last and my heart began to sink. My shoulders slumped and my head hung as tears welled and began to drop to the ground. 

Then I felt something. Felt isn't the right word. A thought? A voice? Maybe just a stirring and suddenly my head began to rise as if being lifted by the very air around me. Suddenly I understood what I had to do. I put my hand on Death's left and held it. It was ice cold and the sensation crept up my arm. Death turned toward me for the first time.

"What are you doing?"

I held on as he gingerly tried to pull away. For the first time Death was feeling fear. 

"I'm pouring my essence into you." My hand was numb at this point and the cold was creeping towards my heart. 

"Fool! This will change nothing! You'll continue to exist with me for all time! I choose you because I knew how much you yearn for my gift! You'll never know peace if you do this!"

"No, but you will know compassion. Every life you take you will feel the pain of loss it creates for those who love them. The only souls you will enjoy taking will be those who are incapable of love."

"Wait a second, this shouldn't even be possible! You're a mortal! How are you even doing this?!"

"_______ is my sponsor." Death fell into stunned silence. 

"No... it doesn't even exist. Besides, one sponsor per combatant. That was the rule!"

"Then I guess I'm not doing what I say I'm doing and you have nothing to worry about. And my sponsor is not for the battle down there, but the battle right here." 

Though Death's face was nothing more than a darkness within the hood of a cloak I could sense the expression of shock and desperation for making sense of it all.

"Don't you understand what you're doing? It's pointless! Where there is life there is Death! It is the natural order. You cannot disrupt it!"

"I'm not doing anything. It's what's being done through me. And yes, you will go on for a time, but eventually there will only be those who love and there will always be life. You will become obsolete. Then we will rest in peace together."

Death seemed to have recollected himself at this point.

"You will never know anything but suffering with me. You will be doomed like me."

"Bitch, have you seen where I come from?? My land is nothing but a desolate expanse of suffering. All I have ever wanted is to get everyone out of it. It's been nothing but a hopeless enterprise up to this point, but now I see why I was chosen for that region and why you were chosen to be my sponsor."

"I CHOOSE YOU! NO ONE CHOOSE ME!"

"Now, who is the fool? Anyways, calm down. We've got a long time to spend together and I'm a little hungry. Hey, that barmaid had some pretty big tit's let's go check'em out and grab a beer or something."

Death stared at me incredulously for a long time and for the rest of the time that we would spend together it would be much like this.