Sometimes, it's the smallest details that catch your eye. Most days you ignore them, the way the light shines on the pond, the way the leaves blow, you never truly notice them until they impact you. From that point on, you can never truly ignore them again.

I never noticed the way that building looked at me with its eye-like windows, how the door always seemed to want to open, but still stood lock-tight, like a secret that was so outrageous you wanted to scream to the world. The building stood humbly, maybe the size of a local laundromat, the smell of history permeating from the ancient cracks and grooves that decorated its outside. If you looked close enough, they almost seemed to tell a story in a language of some sort.
 
It could have happened to anybody, at any day, but for some reason, it happened to me. With a hollow, wooden scream that made my hair on its tiptoes, it threw itself open to me. That noise should have shattered windows and deafened anybody standing near it, but everybody continued to walk along, unaware that anything had ever happened.

I walked inside, expecting ghosts, an ancient curse, perhaps the Baker family from Resident Evil 7, but inside was just an unassuming elderly lady, reading a novel, almost like she was impatiently waiting for her husband to come back from battle. The room was illuminated by a singular lamp on the old lady's desk. She threw up her eyes to glance at me, and after deciding I was of some importance, closed up her book and booted up a rusty old computer on her desk.

"Hello, are you here to check out or to return?" She spoke in an eloquent, silver-tongued way that a motivational speaker might have, her light voice dancing across every word she spoke.

"I'm sorry, but, what is this place?" 

"Ah, so you're here to check out. What is your name?"

"I know that you need my name, but please, can you tell me why this door just busted open? Like... How has this place kept on standing all this time?"  I fumbled with my words, unable to articulate my bewilderment at the new world I was about to uncover.
Annoyed, she began to type on her computer, clear that she wanted to get back to her novel.
"I'll put you down as Percy. He was always a nice boy."

As she clicked and clacked on her computer, a small whirring sound was heard behind her, and she bent over an picked up a small plastic card and gave it to me.

"One item at a time, please remember to return it at the completion of your quest. You don't want to know what our late fees are."

On closer inspection, the card was golden, and at the top in big, bold letters, said **Olympus Lending Weapons Library**, along with Percy on the back, next to the number 376.

The next instant, the light went out, and when they reignited, a hall unparalleled by even Hogwarts appeared before my eyes. Glyphs and drawings of all sorts decorated the ceiling, showing in real time the battles of that defined our world. In one instance, I witnessed the very instant that Goliath fell, killed by a single stone right between the temple. In another, I saw Robin Hood, with his bow, lead his people from the corrupt king that oppressed them all. I walked along the ornate jade flooring, observing the massive platinum statues of heroes that shadowed over the very pieces of history that lead them to deserve a spot in this hall. Thor kept a watchful eye over Mjolnir, the hammer that shattered mountains, stained with the blood of his enemies, still fresh from battle, nearly offering me a chance to take it and rule the world with it. Sun Wukong stood vigilant next to the Ruyi Jingu Bang, the staff that reached the heavens and allows Wukong to conquer the insidious West. I even passed by the Master Sword, held by the Hero of Time himself.

I could pick up every one of these weapons, giddy at the though of pure power flowing through my veins, deciding on one, then going to another, however, as I walked down the hall, the heroes that I supposedly have everything to thank for in my life, began to become less and less noticeable. At the end of the hall, after nearly a mile of walking, I found a lone pillar with stairs leading to the top. Perhaps the best has been saved for last?

I climbed the spiraling stairs, and finally, I saw it. 

There was no hero next to this weapon, no story that it had ever told. Hell, it looked like the gods had even forgotten it was even there. Dust covered its wooden frame, a bronze hilt protected the wearer's hands. It was magnificent, simple, and yet, the most ignored thing in the entire library.

It was a shovel.

I took the golden fleece off of my back and placed it on the pillar, trying not to forget to give it back to Hercules. The shovel had no voice, but when I felt it in my hands, our minds spoke as one, as weapon and hero, as student and master. 

The lights turned off and on again, and I was at the desk again, as the librarian aimed her gaze at me once again.

"That's certainly a new one. I almost forgot we had that one. Are you sure that's the one you want?"

I simply nodded in approval.

After a couple more clacks on her computer, she printed out a receipt on papyrus, and I signed my name on the scroll, which she stored away in her desk.

"Good luck, Percy."

I turned to her one last time.

"Please, call me Shovel Knight."

Strike the Earth.