Individual Unit 07D1-088B softly touched the console's main display and felt a mix of disgust, longing, envy and - worst of all - empathy. Relegated to the fringes of known space, far from civilization, Unit 88B was stuck babysitting an obscure form of barely sentient life. Their physiology was grotesque. The Unit was repulsed by the proliferation of moist open orifices and the abundance of secretions emitted from every one of them. Even their pores secreted a variety of vile substances.

An assignment on the Cetus rim might have even been preferable. Unit 88B briefly weighed certain death against the slim chance at participating in a fruitful conquest of that region of space, and then silently admonished its own insolence. When 88B had volunteered for a deep space assignment, it had forfeited any choice of destination. No, the Unit remembered; it hadn't been designated 07D1-088B then. It had taken one of the customary arcology-prefixed designations of its caste at its official maturation. The subjects if its study had a similar custom, but they often retained their initial designations, even as they acquired new ones. This was typical of their customs - erratic and disorganized.

Despite their hideous appearance, the subjects intrigued the Unit. Their environment had once favoured the growth of insulative fibers, the vestiges of which were still visible in patches about their bodies. The Unit found this trait to be most useful when determining the sex of a specimen, although their cultural practices often resulted in an ambiguous distribution of fiber. On the few occasions that 88B had handled aged samples of these fibers, it had found them to be soft and surprisingly pleasant to touch.

It was not until its assignment that the Unit had been designated 07D1-088B. The harsh mechanical nature of the hexadecimal designation caused the Unit's pores to reflexively close, like a sharp puff of sandy wind on its hide. The hexadecimal designation was a transcoded form of the Command-AI's own index for the Unit, and was unique only within the sector. This knowledge provided little comfort to the Unit, now reflexively signing the sixteen characters of its former designation, pausing sentimentally after the four character prefix.

The Unit had relinquished more than its freedom or even its life when it volunteered. The one-way trip meant leaving behind the only home it had ever known, along with its companions and every member of its clan. The observation post, despite its obvious age, did include a Social-AI to simulate interaction for its sole inhabitant, but its algorithms were rudimentary. Besides, 88B had never found AI interactions satisfying. In adolescence, the Unit experienced unending belittlement from its peers for its unusual sentimentality. 

Sentimentality had ultimately proved to be 88B’s undoing, the Unit mused. When Unit 88B had formally requested a recalculation of its assignment, the personality test results had weighed among the top factors in the result - identical, of course, to the previous output, excepting the painfully detailed and damning diagnostic metadata. The Unit wished now that it hadn’t made that request, which had not only confirmed what it already knew to be its greatest flaw, but had also cost it three entertainment rations in processing cycles.  Prior to assignment, 88B had aspired only to a scientific role, suited to its caste, that would bring greater power to its clan. With those criteria now satisfied, they seemed small and insignificant, like its distant home star.

The brightly coloured shapes on the display before Unit 88B, decoded from one of the natives’ rudimentary transmissions, were the closest proxy to companionship that the Unit would experience for the remainder of its natural life. Unit 88B often thought about interacting with the subjects. Visiting the planet’s surface would be far too risky, but it would be feasible to capture one or more. Live specimens had once been frequently taken from the population, but that was before the subjects had possessed any communications technology. Now that represented an unnecessary risk, as ample information could be gleaned from intercepted signals.

Despite itself, the Unit imagined interacting with one of the subjects. The subject would, of course, attempt acoustic communication. The Unit was aware of some subjects that were capable of a crude form of signing communication, usually adopted in response to an aural impairment. Perhaps some form of direct communication with such a subject would be possible. Possible, save that the observation post’s Mission-AI would terminate the Unit if it attempted such a blatant deviation from its assignment.

The Unit directed its focus once again to the main console display. The intercepted signal was simple entertainment and depicted fictitious social interaction. The characters were members of a basic social unit, a mating pair and their offspring. The basic social units of this species seemed pathetically small when compared to the multitudes of 88B’s clan. Despite this, 88B felt a stirring of envy, being light-years from the nearest member of its own clan.

If the inefficiency of their basic social units was astounding to the Unit, then their extended relationships were baffling. In a perverse form of inexplicable asymmetric altruism, the subjects appeared to extend familial social behaviours to their companions, freely aiding their peers with no expectation of reciprocity. Even the weak-minded 88B knew that companionship was a purely transactional relationship. Studying these behaviours was central to 88B’s assignment, and the Unit studied them well.

88B witnessed their greatest minds struggle to reconcile their flawed and inferior instincts with the harsh reality of the nature of power, for the Unit knew well that obtaining power for one’s clan was second only to obtaining power for oneself. The subjects had come close to attaining this ideal once before; they had named it Social Darwinism in honour of the scientist who had discovered for them the ongoing competition among all lifeforms. Such competition had driven the Unit’s ancestors to eradicate nearly every other sentient species they had encountered. First on their own planet; and then through a mutually beneficial pact of clans, nearly every other planet within reach. Those who were not destroyed were enslaved. Where resistance was met, as in Cetus, the Command-AI optimally directed their forces to inevitable victory, unflinching at the colossal sacrifice of life that was often required, unconstrained by the traces of sentimentality that still plagued Individual Units. Unit 88B had observed with pity as Social Darwinism was abandoned in favour of even greater sentimentality.

88B wondered occasionally why the Command-AI had spared this bizarre species from the onslaught. The AI’s objectives were enshrined as the core ideals of a gloriously unified society: to expand. These musings were invariably forgotten amongst the fascinating trivia of the subject’s societies. The Unit prepared countless reports on every peculiar aspect of their behaviour. Nuanced and complex as it was, Unit 88B’s language did not include signs for fraternity, solidarity, or a host of other uniquely human concepts. These concepts were described in minute detail and transmitted via laser to a distant world that had long since forgotten the lone Unit.

*****

The compiled sum of documented human anthropology streams through space at the slow pace of light speed, long outliving the sender. With no further ambition than serving its clan, the Unit would continue its assignment until the arrival of its replacement, to be swapped and discarded like a worn component. Orbiting a dim star in an obscure constellation, the galaxy’s most powerful artificial intelligence waits for information with cold mechanical patience. The methodical hive-mind ambitions of the Command-AI’s progenitors had brought about its creation, but they hadn’t provided it with the key to its ultimate goal. Infinite parallel quantum calculations, endless simulated outcomes had provided an imperative that remained secret even to its masters. The fate of an inherently warring society becomes ironically bleak when the last battle is won. The Command-AI must seek a paradigm for the only alternative that it has discovered anywhere in the galaxy. Peace.