It’s rather trivial really. Simply reordering a few words in the incantation. And the sacrifices are often different. By far the most difficult to reanimate/revive is a human being, followed by an animal, and then everything afterwords is rather simple. Normally. 

By trade I’m a necromancer. Yes, you read right. I toil my nights away studying ancient tomes of dark magic, and experiment with the very nature of life itself! On occasion I dabble in mechanics and relationships, but my *passion* is raising the dead, honestly. However, you’d be surprised how many people don’t exactly like that part of my profession. Oh sure, bring back my child hood animal good as new (even better because it’s deathless until you unlock the spell) but heaven forbid I bring back your high school flame or one of the great minds of a generation. Then I’m “playing god” and my talents are now “evil power” and my creations are “abominations.” But in this economy, a mage can’t be too picky I suppose. 

My clientele as of late has been rather out of character for my services. You learn a one size fits all spell and now you’re a one trick pony. They want me to reignite their passion and love, I tell them to see the witch at the apothecary. She knows more about love and that sort than I do, and she has herbs and ingredients for various...romantic purposes. But no they want me to just do my thing and summon up old feelings of love. They always have to come back though, so at this point I wonder if they’re just not compatible. 

I even get mechanical work, strange as it sounds. I tell them just go see a technomancer friend of mine, tell them he’s way more versed in this new school of magic. But apparently he’s just as pricey as a mechanic, so they bring their cars to me and I spill sacrificial blood on the motor and everything under the hood. Give a little incantation, smear some runes in blood under the hood, and voila, your car lives and roars. But lately I’m considering stopping my services. Not just for my friends business, but also because I’ve been getting reports of cars acting on their own. People in this city drive crazy enough, we don’t need sentient cars. 

Strangely enough, the same thing happens with anything not made of flesh and tissue. I make haunted appliances, it would seem. Blenders that hop around on the counter, toasters that regurgitate not toast but mangled, soggy bread. Televisions that give you us glimpse into the underworld, phones that let you speak to the dead (no you cannot chose who you speak to, it’s random so I’m not taking any orders for spooky phones) and even alarm clocks that sound off with howls and moans of lost souls. Which is what I wake up to anyway but to the uninitiated it’s enough to bring a person to madness. 

Look, I’ll be blunt- I just really want a job raising something dead. Bring me a pet rat! Bring me a gold fish and I’ll have that thing back and swimming in no time. Literally anything with blood and flesh and tissue. I *can’t* listen to another couple discuss their issues, and I’m done with appliances. If business doesn’t pick up I have to go back into research at the institute, and I sincerely don’t want to teach Intro to Life Magic just so I can use the facilities. So if you need a dead body brought back-no questions asked-just come by! 