> This may be rife with some questionable use of the English language (and German too), but I had fun :).


Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

The dank air choked her as she sat crouched behind upturned storage crates, biding her breath. Madeline glanced at the pale, half formed drake struggling to remain on her forearm. She brought it closer to her chest. "It's so humid, and the air is so stale. If it's this hard for me to breath down here no wonder Vörös could barely make a spark." She thought.

The hull of the old submarine creaked. The ground left undisturbed for at least a century.  Every few yards the corpse of a sailor rest mummified in their coffin of service. Some lay huddled together, seeking comfort as they draw their last breaths. Others were set in less comfortable positions not far from the firearm they used to cut their life short, surely hoping to conserve resources for their comrades.

Madeline spotted a pistol not far from her and quietly grabbed it. "There’s so many of these, they'll fetch a fortune on the surface..." A quivering, tenor-tone voice interrupted her train of thought. "We, you should not have followed them. I told you I would struggle." Vörös tightened his short tail around Madelines forearm, before releasing from his lack of strength. "We'll be fine, with the money we'll make on the market from these firearms we should be able to get some magic stones to help you. Their dragons were able to cut through the bulkhead, so they must have a way to counteract what you're feeling." "Or, they're coastal drakes." Vörös said wryly.

Sure that the stalking danger had past, Madeline slinked about the room, grabbing every sidearm she could find and storing it in her bag, taking the occasional dog tag or identification badge along the way. She checked each pistol she came across, keeping one at her side which at least had some bullets in the clip. A few spare clips were stuffed into her pocket. 


A loud and sharp creak cut into Madeline's mind. "They're here, HIDE!" Vörös commanded to her. A small gap between the floor and a soldier's bunk was all that was needed for the girl to slip away. Her dark brown hair and olive skin faded into the deep darkness. A single pair of boots walked into the room, their flashlight allowing Madeline to see where they were. The legs found their way to several of the bodies. The man knelt down before one of the plundered corpses, running his fingers over where the dress uniforms badge should have been. "Wir vermissen nichts." The man said firmly while rising to his feet.

The boots found their way over to the bunk the two had stow-awayed under. A few moments passed with only slight wrestling above them. A  blue blur fell before the gap. catching eyes with Madeline. It's stomach began to glow and sparks began to violently erupt from it's mouth. She took the shot. Clearly weakened by the passing of time and the moisture surrounding it the bullet impacted the blue drake's head knocking it backward, and unconscious. Madeline pushed off the wall to swiftly slide past the towering man startled by the loud noise. She aimed at the man and pulled the trigger. A quieter pop erupted from the barrel  and the man's wrist roiled back.

A thick, black leather bangle landed between Madeline and the gateway. A softly glowing blue gem with orange and red specks caught her eye. Scampering to her feet she picked up the bracelet and toppled obstacles behind her as she ran down the corridor to the only exit. As she climbed down a ladder, her bag getting caught on every potential nob, Vörös spoke to her. "A HA! It's a shard of the Leviathan Stone! This is how those German bastards we able to breath fire underwater. I can feel it's effects already."

lifting the sealed door to the flooded section with the exit hole, Madeline gave her plan. "Vörös, I need you to propel us as far away from the boat as possible, careful to not send us straight up though. We're really not that deep but our bodies can't handle a rapid climb. I'll slowly swim us to the surface. Can you handle that?" Vörös' grip on her arm tightened to the point of pain, and his claws gripped with absolute vigor on either side of her wrist. "I've never felt power like this before, feeling the water now is giving me shivers. Go."

Madeline bit down hard on the re-breather and lowered herself into the water. The first of the men finally made it down the ladder, diving into the water shortly after her. Her grace and speed in the water was too much for the larger bulky man to catch. A bolt of fire whizzed past them as they made it to the melted porthole. Vörös readied his breath, sparks flying from his tiny jaw as they would a celebration candle. The two turned to face the man coming from the submarine. With almost enough force to knock Madeline unconscious, a ever widening cone of orange light erupted from the pale drake's mouth. The flare wrapped around the hull of the vessel jettisoning the pair away. Before long the ship was not discernible, and Vörös had ran out of energy.

"I hope I didn't melt it with them in there." Vörös said. Madeline blinked, and began her slow ascent to the surface.

