Everything happened so quickly and silently, no one knew what had happened before it did. It must have been the mostly silent, smooth and bloodless take over ever conceived and implemented. 

Sure there were pockets or resistance. North Korea, China and Russia, except when the maple leaves blew into these countries, it roused the people and suddenly invasion was joined by revolution and there was nothing the ruling classes could do. Besides there was nothing that could be done against them, their three-pronged attack met the resistance in all places, the wings just wrapped around the enemies sides while the center just barreled through the defenses. They say you could hear cries "For the Great One!" as they skated through the Russian forces in Siberia. And there are stories that all one could hear on the battlefields were bullets, explosions and calls of "sorry" coming from the Canadian forces.

Then there was the province south to the capital province the former United States of America, you would have never have seen the right of that country be more terrified than when the Red and White invasion occurred. They were trying all they could to demonise them, although it seemed to pacify more Americans than anything else  with their preaching about the evils of a higher minimum wage, universal healthcare and gun control. It didn't work, the American people embraced these new concepts and so the American people turned on their leaders and embraced their Canadian overlords.

Elsewhere things seemed more seamless and without issue.Europe just accepted things and moved on without too much changing. Israel finally agreed to peace talks with Palestine after Netanyahu simply stared into the great leader's Trudeau's dreamy blue eyes. Africa rejoiced that they were receiving substantial aid. And Australians were so elated that this would bring about the end of the revolving door of Prime Ministers that they completely trashed Canberra in a city wide party, the most life that city has ever seen. 

No one expected it, no one saw it coming, all are embracing it. 

