(Hopefully this doesn’t suck.) 

Cryosleep—that is, certain parts of cryosleep—or rather, one specific part of cryosleep—that part being the part where your brain is somewhat active, but it and your body are half-shut-down—so pretty much the parts right before and after you’re actually in full cryosleep—is unpleasant. 

To put it simply, cryosleep is controlled death, much like gliding is controlled falling. The main difference—assuming you ignore all the other important differences—is this: while a base jumper might be flattered, if a bit confused, were you to compare her sport to something as complex as cryosleep, a tereologist (a person who studies suspended animation) might take offense at your attempt to compare her field of study to something as comparatively simple as base jumping, unless it was her idea to make the comparison so that your inferior brain could comprehend the basic principles of her work, or unless she was a base jumper as well and understood how difficult it was. 

But I digress.

Cryosleep is controlled death. When you are being put under, you are being carefully killed. This is a bit of a turn-off for many astronauts-in-training. 
The first step is the injection of cryoprotectant into your bloodstream. This stings. It’s not as bad as the media makes it out to be—it’s like a burning itch that’s too deep to scratch. 
Now, blood supposedly travels through the whole cardiovascular cycle in about a minute. But caution is the middle name of every astronaut, scientist, and heck, even janitor, working at or for NASA. So standard procedure is to wait about ten minutes for the first dose to reach all the little books and crannies of the body, then follow up with a second dose. Wait ten minutes, third dose. 

By this point, the person about to go under is not feeling great. “Twitchy” doesn’t quite describe it. “Going out of your fucking mind and about ready to snap the neck of whatever hack scientist put this procedure together” is closer. 

Then comes the bad part. Your body—via the complicated array of electrodes, IV drips, and transcranial magnetic stimulators stuck to and in various bits of it—is slowly put into a controlled shutdown. 

First your voluntary muscles go numb. I am led to understand that it was very hard for pioneer tereologists to get this to happen without also paralyzing things like your heart and diaphragm. 

Once the computer is confident that your extremities are offline, it starts switching your brain off. Just the higher functions, for the moment. It still needs the medulla and brain stem on for a few more minutes. 

It...doesn’t feel quite like anesthesia. In that it still feels like something. You’re aware of your brain shutting down. Suddenly certain thoughts just seem to get lost, and your attention gets flighty and foggy, and there’s this buzzing sensation which comes and goes and that’s not exactly in your head but kind of in the ether pervading your soul or something. 

I’m not sure why they do the brain shutdown this way. I guess the process is designed to prevent side effects like memory loss or psychosis? They never told me.

One interesting detail: your last coherent thought going under is usually your first coherent thought waking up. This fact is a bit of a comfort to those of us who undergo cryogenic preservation in the course of our jobs, as it carries with it certain implications about the persistence of self and, perhaps, the existence of the soul. 
Usually, due to the cryoprotectant, your last coherent thought is something along the lines of “damn, why am I so itchy?” because by this point, your mind is not in any state to recall why it is so itchy.

My first thought waking up was “there will one day be lemon-soaked paper napkins.”
I’ll get to that in a moment.

Anyway, after your higher functions are offline, the computer moves on to your medulla, brain stem, heart, lungs, and so on. This part, mercifully, you are not at all aware of. I say mercifully, because I assume that feeling one’s heart stop is not a enjoyable experience. 

Lastly, the pod—did I mention all this was happening in a pod? Well, you probably guessed—fills your body cavities with fluid, and chills what is now technically your corpse to what would otherwise be a disagreeably low temperature. Cover and let sit for X years, and you have successfully made Aged Astronaut Non-Roast with special Cryoprotectant seasoning. 

So, to sum up, cryosleep is unpleasant.

It is significantly more unpleasant if you decide to go under after a catastrophic mission failure leaves you stranded and alone on Mars with no hope of rescue.

(Part 1 of 2)