I walk out of the eternal drizzle that is London in winter; into the brilliant fluorescence of the hospital. Once my eyes adjust to the light I round the oval reception desk giving the nurse a polite smile of suffering as she took in my drenched clothes. I call the lift down when the disconcerting thud hits my chest, putting a hand to the wall to steady myself I wait until 10 fingers become 5 again "not yet you bastard" I grumble hoarsely.

Shuffling between wards I come to an almost abandoned wing where the lights dim, a portly African lady smiles sadly as she recognises me approach. "Hey Jess how's he doing?" I enquire.

"Stable but he's awfully weak Mr Dedman..." she trails off with heavy implication

"Sigh...thanks Jess have a nice evening" I say whilst shuffling through the doors and sliding back the curtain hiding my dad's unconscious figure.

I shrug off my soaking coat and hang it on the back of the visitor chair and spend a few minutes pulling the dead leaves off the flowers next to dads bed. Basically stalling, you'd think after having death sitting on my shoulder all these years I'd be more prepared for this. But the simple fact is no one WANTS to die and there's something impossibly cruel about making a sentient being with a comprehension of the eternity of death to decide when they die.

My dads been in this bed ever since we got into a car accident a few years ago, I lost control during a storm and we spun out off a steep country road. At that moment death appeared before me; a sickly skeletal figure who offered me an unforgivable ultimatum. Either I live and my dad would never wake up again so essentially die OR we both die. Shit what would you have done? Is what I ponder as I stroke the long, streaky grey hair out of my dads eyes. 

Death offered me a sickening back out clause of sorts, once I utter a specific two words then we will both die, neither of us will die until these words are uttered. However we both should have died at that moment so our health will get progressively worse until I pull the trigger so to speak. Its been 4 years and I now black out regularly and living is hellish both physically and emotionally. 

I draw a deep breath and close my eyes for a moment, listening to the patter of rain against the window and to the mechanical beeps of equipment. Then I embrace dad in a hug and whisper into his ear "I'm sorry" at that moment I see him, in the reflection in the window; and then all is black.