“to summarise, in short, the Yukong triad doesn’t exist after tonight. We take em ouuu-“ the door creaked ajar and the four prime aged men sitting around the intricate square table, all turned to greet the sight of a queer figure peeking inside “-uuur new agreement... on the... sales thing... is now legally agreed to, which of was discussed. Oh, Gary, we were expecting you. why don’tcha sit down eh?” 

From behind the door Gary smiled “well if I’m not interrupting Mr Muko- Oh my! what happened to your arm?!” Gasping he scuffled across the small tea room to inspect the arm cast. Mr Mukofo didn’t like his weakness being called out, but Gary was the offices breath of fresh air, an agreed ‘neutral ground’ a peace accord agreed to by even a few neighbouring gangs. All, save the Yukong triad who had sent a message of decline in the form of a dead messenger the other night.

Mr Mukofo stifled a look of indignation “Ehh this? This is nothing, I just had a fall on my way to the yukong meeting eh” the three lieutenants grimaced. 
Gary pulled some pads from his blazer and despite his resistance, slapped Mr Mukofo’s hands aside and set them on his neck.
“No, sir no! Stop sir, These well help relax your muscles, oh sir they’re so tense! allow me”
Lieutenant number two pinched himself, was this really the man who broke his arm after defending against a sledge hammer last night, only to promptly use that same arm to punch the brick head into pieces and strangle one of the Yukongs 13 elite soldiers still with the same hand, was this really that same man? This moaning, blushing gentleman being massaged in front of him looked nothing like an ‘east gods fist’ right now, In fact if anything, Mr Negata thought Mr Mukofo looked at least ten years younger right now. It must be that new skin program Gary’s got us on.

“Now sir prop your arm up, no, it won’t heal properly if you insist on sitting like a gangster, I wish this god awful-excuse my language-business with this Yukong corporate would just finish already. I mean i don’t really get what this trade deal is really about but is it so important to injure yourself over sir? Just leave them to it if they don’t want to join your new partners, I mean really what’s so important?” Mr Mukofo’s east god hand snapped to Gary’s. “Sir your arm-?!” 
Mr Mukofo’s grip tightened. “Don’t... say that about yourself Gary... eh” Mr Negata looked at the floor “Boss!” He held back a tear. Gary’s brow furrowed “Sir I didn’t hear you, what was that?”
Mr Mukofo shuffled around and bowed deeply.
“Please Gary I beg, don’t speak of this deal like that! This deal is more important then even my position as CEO eh!”
Lieutenant number one pinched himself. Was this man before him really the same man that had him cut his own index finger off after discovering he sold drugs to a kid by accident, only to still forgive him. Mr Henito pinched himself again “Boss! Don’t say that!” He passionately spat at his crossed legs. 

Mr Mukofo looked up and his lip curled.
“Is the kid doing okay at school Mr Henito, eh?”
Mr Henito’s eyes glossed. He knew that I took him in? “Boss!!”
Mr Mukofo smiled “I’m right here my friend, no need to shout eh?”

“Well” said Gary, “I don’t really get it, but if this work stuff is that important to you boys, I’ll do my best to support you all”
Lieutenant number three clenched his fist. Why is the boss getting all of Gary’s attention?! This isn’t fair!
Gary smiled “Now now Mr Jaro I’ll get to you too” Mr Jaro widened his eyes “just wait your turn”
Mr Mukofo piped up 
“Yeah, yeah, just wait your turn Mr Jaro you heard Gary” he grumbled.
Mr Jaro considered mutiny but then pinched himself.

Misinterpreting that “taking care of some men” add in a black book Gary had somehow come across was the best thing that had ever happened to five gangs of east side. 

it wouldn’t, however, be very good at all for the yukong triad. 