I was sitting in my office at the precinct. The rest of the officers and detectives made their way around the office going about their business. Everything is much bigger around here. The chairs, the ceilings, the door ways, hell, the cars are taller and the lanes they drive in are wider. But what else could I expect. 

See, in this world, everyone is born with brute strength. Enough to topple buildings with a good shoulder to the base, or to blast a criminal through a wall down the block with a solid gut punch. But for whatever reason, I wasn't born with this gene. They made fun of me in my school years, singling me out, beating me up, shit like that. But what they considered a "delicate" body structure came in handy when I joined the force. Where the rest of the force couldn't so much as twist a doorknob without deforming it, I could handle the most fragile of evidence. What they had in strength, they lacked in speed. That's where I came in. 

I was smaller, but I was lighter and much more nimble. I didn't chase a criminal so much as just tracked them, and gave direction to the other officers to set up a perimeter and easily nab the criminals we were after. Oh, and what they had in strength, they also lacked in intelligence. In this world, everyone had varying degrees of superior strength, but the stronger they were, the less intelligent they were. By that definition, I was one of the smart ones. Don't get me wrong, I loved the guys I worked with. They poked fun at me, but they never made me feel inferior. I was respected here. but sometimes things got a little, how should I say it....destructive. 

Excitability was something of a kryptonite to these guys. Especially the bigger ones.

One of the guys I worked mostly with, Frank, was a good law enforcement officer. Guy was one of the best. He always upheld the law and respected his community. It was like he'd been born to do it. But he was something of a brute, and at times was rather careless with how he did certain things, especially when he got excited about a new case. He was under my wing and reported to me. We have a great relationship and I gotta say that while he isn't the smartest guy on the force, he's definitely one of the most effective.  

So, anyways, I'm wrapping up some paper work in my office; concentrating to make sure I have every detail lined up for my case presentation at the courthouse. It was a sure win for us, but, with the whole intelligence thing I mentioned earlier, it always helped to ensure that the judges and jury always understood every single detail. It was a bit like taking the Encyclopedia Britannica and translating it into a childs picture book. Small words, lots of examples, plenty of similes and metaphors. Just as I put the finishing edits together, I heard an explosion akin to a train smashing into a boat. 

It was Frank. And in an excitable rage he smashed through the wall to my office, leaving a pile of dust, wood, and brick in a pile on the ground behind him. 

"JESUS Frank what the hell?!" Frank looked back at the smoke with a somewhat regretful look on his face. 

"Oh, sorry boss" he said with a heavy Brooklyn accent. "Just got a case in for yas. Thinkin you'll like this one." I heard most of what he said, but my attention was still focused on the pile of rubble that was once my wall behind him. 

"Frank, the door was 3 feet to the left..it was open," I said. "What's with the Kool Aid stunts lately? That's the second wall this week."

"Oh, m-my fault boss", he replied apologetically. I couldn't really be mad at the guy. After all its not like I had to pay for it, and since the crew that repaired our facilities were strong, labor was cheap since no real heavy equipment was needed to haul in materials to fix things around here. "But hey, look at this case. I think we can nab this guy in 24 hours."

I studied the case file intently, looking over the rap sheet and seeing what it was we were up against.

"24 hours huh? Well, he's got quite a history so at least we know who the guy is. And he's quite a brute too; says here he robbed a bank by literally smashing the vault door with his shoulder. Forensics says he probably broke it on the way in, so he can't have gotten that far." 

"Yeah boss, maybe he's already lookin' for the next score," Frank replied enthusiastically. "We gotta go to the bank and find some clues first". 

"Yeah, yeah I suppose we should get on this one sooner than later. A brute like that is bound to strike again, and given his strength, he'll be near by." 

We walked out to the car. I got in the driver's seat with ease. But watching Frank get in was a bit like watching a boulder tumble down the side of a hill. He sat in the seat with a thud. The car sank to the left. But this is how it was. Being the little guy in this world is a bit like being David. And every day, I was up against goliaths of many different sizes. It was a never ending battle, but I was here to stay. 

