”Hello, David. I would like to play a game. For years...”

*I am David Blaine, studmuffin extraordinaire and illusionist-by-trade. For years I've conducted the most elaborate, extravagant and Blainerrific shows for you. But today, you're in for a treat. You thought you were watching your old copy of Saw, but through the inarguable REAL power of the Blaine-effect, I have transcended the barrier between fiction and reality. I now exist in the meta.*

”If you want to survive, you will have to sacrifice the tools you so readily use to exploit the hopes and dreams of others. The device in front of you will require you...”

*Now, look at this. I am clearly trapped by the straps around my temples, chin and legs. The glass around my arms is hockeypuck-proofed. To escape the electric saw over my head, ready to slowly splice my head like a melon, I will need to muster the mental strength to chop my fingers off by stretching them out to the cleaver you see in front of me. As you can see, the force of it is even splintering the metal chopping block below it. This is no joke. My fingers will be sliced clean off. The scale below the thin chopping block will weigh my sacrifice. And Jigsaw, true to form, has not been forthcoming with a specified number of fingers that will stop the contraption and set me free. The sweat you see glistening on my forehead is not a trick. I am scared. The slightest mistake, and Rosie's five sisters will forever be lost. Jesus Christ, that cleaver is going fast. Here goes. Prepare... to be Blainded.*

”You have one minute.”

The clock is rapidly ticking down; David's eyes dart to it again and again, still holding his fists tightly clenched. Sweat trickles down his brow and stings his eye. He pulls at his arm to wipe it away, and hits the glass hard with his knuckle.

A curse slips from his lips and he lets his fingers fly free by instinct. A scream that can't be faked rocks his body as his three middle fingers gets chopped at various lengths.

David's body flashes back-and-forth between painfilled anger and remorseful cries. The sound of the saw above him is earsplitting, figuratively and - in twenty-five more seconds- literally.

David musters all his strength to stop his body from rocking. Heavy, [semi-]controlled breathing to take control of the adrenaline coursing through his pounding veins. Three intense exhales. He curls his thumb and drives the hand forward, cleaving half of his middle knuckles off together with the rest of its fingers and his pinky.

Another scream, shriller than the first, but most of it gets lodged in his throat. He can no longer control the actions of his body and he phases out for a moment, only to be shocked back by the adrenaline.

Time stands still and moves faster than light. His next scream is cut short by vomit cascading over his pants. The digital clock in front of him is silent, but he can hear its effects clear in his mind, like the last few seconds of the clock in 24. 

He tries to regain control, but his shocked mind can only focus on the clock ticking down. Until the end. His end.

”Time's up! Game over!”
   
The saw kicks in another gear, shrieking at it plummets down toward him, emitting smoke and sparks.

His body shakes and not a sound escapes his open mouth. Blood and brain-substance flings across the room in all directions. The smoke from the electric saw fills the room. David's shaking body becomes a shadow. A dark figure in the lighter grey of the room.

The room goes quiet. 

The thick grey seems to part willingly, as if in reverence, for a man coming towards the camera with his arms stretched out. David. He flashes a smile and bows.

*Until next time. Prepare to be Blainded!*

A bright light illuminates the smoke, and when it clears, David is gone. A man sits in the trap, and Jigsaw's video restarts from the beginning.

”Hello, Criss. I would like to play a game. For years...”

*I am Criss Angel, and I'm fucked.*