"Because I. Said. No." It was time to be firm, much to the disdain of my brave, stupid kids, their groans so familiar to my ears by now. I'd put up with a lot these past years, no matter how much it terrified me. Not this.

"Dad, we'll be fineee!" Ricky whined, scratching at his ear as he sat there nearly staring through me at the door. I know he just wanted to do good. I know how proud it made him feel, proving he's not the monster he looked like to them. But he was only ever my son. My Ricky, the big, nature-loving softy he was. How could I just let him?

I'd put up with Ricky finding a "stray dog," his eyes nearly flooding out of his head, begging me to let him keep it. Of course I said yes. How could I not? Cut to three weeks later and he's shedding all over the couch and shredding it by accident. Still, every morning I made his pancakes, drove him to school, and every day, no mater how I begged, I watched him walk out that door to the city. I loved him still...it was so hard sometimes. 

"Ricky, for the last time, you are not going out th-!" I tried to reason with him, but another voice in my head was as soft and wispy as ever as it broke in. 

"Fath...dad...I know you fear for us, but we're needed now more than ever." Aria's hand on my shoulder was a warm as ever...but it felt so cold under that metal. I stared her hard in the eyes. Not this time. I tried at least...I knew that look behind that soft, amber glow. She had to help them. And I put up with it still as my eyes fell on the metal, like a jigsaw fused to her body. 

After Ricky, I didn't think I could take another. Then it happened. Another of my kids, changed, forced into a new world. They said they came here to help us, to help our planet and our species from the ensuing anarchy. They asked for volunteers, "any and all that want to help," the flyers said. I said no. Aria...little doctor to be. Always helping. They'd have killed her like all the others if Ricky hadn't...at least she had control of it. And of course she went out with him. 'Oh yeah, Ricky lost an arm a couple times?' It was so...casual now. Yet still, every Wednesday we went to piano practice, every night I'd see her writing in her old journal, and every day she hugged me goodbye. And every. Single. Day. I'm terrified it'll be the last. But she's still my little song...how could I stop her anyway? 

"We will be alright." She whispered as she floated up to hug me, that soft smile of hers always unmoving as usual. "I promise, I wont let us be hurt. We will return." It changed the way she talked. Her face was frozen in that smile. Her skin glowed sometimes. My sweet, little girl...I know she can feel it when I look at her. That pain in my chest. I see it in her eyes. 

"Aria, you don't understand-"  I started, holding her shoulders and firmly planting her back on the ground. "This isn't some alien or gang or bank robber, thi-" My throat was starting to catch as I begged my children to stay. I already knew. And just like usual, who was last to chime in but my youngest, cross-legged next to his brother. 

"Come oooonnn dad, it'll be just like any other day." I didn't even understand what happen to Danny. I couldn't. One minute we're walking down the sidewalk, he's reading a comic about ninjas and suddenly he can do flips and he's running up buildings and breaking trees. He's not even 14!...but he was so happy. I'd never seen him so happy except MAYBE the time he earned his first belt. Before... It took a whole lot of patience to put up with surprise attacks, shattered brooms, and broken dinner tables. And grounding him? Good luck. But he still ran through the hall. He still drew his heroes. He still knocked when he had a nightmare. Still had a nightlight. He was still my Danny. 

"With this many heroes going, we'll be lucky to even get some action!" He kept up that big, Danny grin of his. Teeth still covered in plaque. As usual. I still loved my kids. I always would, even if they instated on fighting murderers and psychopaths every day, I always would. But not this. 

"Like youuu even get action in the first place. Don't trip over those belts again!" Ricky snickered, playfully swatting at his brother with his bristly tail. Danny glared back at him hard, deftly snagging the tail and...the two of them were frozen in Aria's grip. 

"Both of you stop it, this is serious." Her voice rang out through the shamble of mess we called the house. Home. She was right about that.

The reports had called for any and all form of assistance. There was to be a gathering. Anyone with anything that could help them fight. There was a single, common enemy...so why was it a global broadcast? Why were they asking for ANYONE with power? Because Prox was the literal source of the surge. The actual, definitive reason there was now so much chaos and power in this world. Prox was the source. Prox was why my kids couldn't be kids. And Prox was why there was a growing army of powered people, determined to stop Prox from causing more hurt and damage to the world. And my kids wanted to fight it. 

"All of you, stop it!" I yelled. They were stunned. I hadn't raised my voice like that since...ever. But I knew. The way they looked at me, before I even tried. I knew...that didn't stop me from begging them not to go. 

"Kids...they're saying that *thing* can manipulate the very fabric o-" I had to try. 

"Dad." They all said it, I didn't stop. 

"This isn't a job for kids! Let the pro-" Please. 

"Dad." Their eyes just looked so soft. Understanding. Calm. 

"...please." I fell to my knees, the tears flowing quickly.  I felt them all hold me for what might very well be the last time. I cried as I held them. "Don't do this." My chest felt empty and heavy all at once. I'd held them all, so many times. When they were so small. When they hurt. When they smiled. When they were afraid, cold, angry...my kids. 

"We have to." Ricky's fur tickled my face as he nuzzled in, my tears matting his hairs as usual. No you didn't.

"People are hurt dad, they need our help." Her cheek was a warm as ever. There were others, why you?! 

"We'll be back for dinner!" Danny giggled in my ear. I had to clench my jaw, sobs wracking my body as they let go. 

I looked back at them as they walked through the door, my eyes blurry. I could swear, they still looked like they used to. Even if they didn't. They were my kids. I don't know why, but I couldn't speak anymore. It hurt. It hurt so much to even speak my last words to them. The last thing they'd hear before...Prox. 

"Come home." I'd near blubbered. I couldn't even stand anymore. They smiled. My chest hurt. 

"We'll be back sooooon dad!" Ricky howled into the sky. He was responded to by the nearly 10ft tall hound he kept, bounding up the road, loaded with their gear. That damn dog always set off car alarms as it howled back. Danny nodded to me with that big grin of his then vanished in a puff of smoke. I could see him down the road, balanced in his spot on the hound's forehead as it waited for Ricky, bounding to meet his beloved pet. 

Aria was the last to go. I knew she could see the pain in my eyes. A pain she just couldn't understand. 

"I'll keep them safe dad." I heard her whisper, her arms wrapped around me once more, and then she was gone in a flash, aboard the giant hound down the road. I could only watch, on my knees, as they disappeared into the night. 

I could see it in the distance. The source. Prox. From here it almost looked eerily beautiful in the night sky. Red wisps of energy flooded the sky on the horizon. You could nearly feel the malice, the pure chaos, just looking at it. I could only shake my head, seeing dots and specks disappearing towards the conflux. Others with powers. I knew what they headed to. 

I could hear her, I knew I would. I felt that cold hand on my shoulder, that ringing in my ears from just being near her. Like muddled bells. So far away, but still right here. As usual. 

"You knew this would happen. I told you." She sounded sad. I remember she once said she pitied the mortal. 

I looked up into her deep, red eyes and I begged her. I begged. And pleaded. 

"Please Roxy. Don't kill our kids." 

She knelt down, her pale arms wrapped around me. I could feel her nails glide along my back, gentle as ever as she breathed into me. Why did she feel so warm? Her skin so soft? Why did she feel so good to hold...why did I miss her? I felt her soft lips on my neck and with another breath, and a quiet whisper, she was gone.

"You knew." 