
Before today, the most abject fear I had ever experienced was when my uncle’s dog had broken free of its leash at a family gathering. I was too young then to know it meant me no harm. I only remember running, as fast as my feet could carry me, across the lawn as it bounded behind me. In those few seconds of white terror, I may have had a mouth, but I could not scream. My entire world was claws, and fangs, and straining to stay alive.

As I said, that was before today.

“Why are they doing that?” I asked, as softly as I could. 

“I don’t… really know,” said Oskar. “That’s not… supposed to happen that way.”

“No shit. You said this would be simple.”

“Look,” he managed to hiss. “I did it exactly as they taught me to during training, ok? You have a problem, you take it up with my manager, alright?”

“If we don’t die here, that is.”

“Thanks. Thanks for reminding me, really.”

There was nowhere else to back up to. My apartment wasn’t the largest to begin with, and Oskar and I were pressed right up against the main door. I suppose we could have taken our chances by running out into the hallway, but the last thing I wanted to do was to attract their attention. The demon I had summoned, a dreadful beast that looked like someone had pumped an owl with enough steroids to fill a swimming pool, was coiled tighter than a spring. It was on one side of my hall, its talons dug deep into the parquet. It was silent for the most part, but it occasionally hissed, and droplets of acid would sizzle through the air.

On the other side of the hall was the demon which Oskar had summoned. While my demon had the edge in terms of raw bulk, Oskar’s demon won out in terms of pure malevolence. His demon was a cross between a weasel and a snake, a slick, oily mess of thorns and barbs, constantly turning and twisting under the skin. I had little doubt that if I tried to hug it, it would feel something like jumping into a mosh pit full of cacti. And razors. And sandpaper.

*Översätt Inte Detta* versus *Nej Seriöst*. 

The match of the century, in my living room.

“I could sue you, you know,” I whispered. “It’s gotta be illegal. Putting demons into your product names.”

“Don’t look at me. Talk to corporate. They’ve got their reasons.”

“Reasons? What reason could there possibly be for hiding demonic forces like these in your instruction manuals! Is a man not entitled to simply read the manuals aloud without having to contend with abominations like these?”

“Look, it’s weird that you read the product names aloud. No one does that. Everyone says the first few syllables and that’s it. Who reads the whole damn name out, and perfectly too?”

“That’s not the point! The point is, a man is entitled to be able to read whatever the hell he wants without his life being put at risk! And I was promised over the phone that you would be able to fix it! That you would be able to come here and just undo… all of this!”

“Really?” Oskar asked. A dash of colour seeped into his cheeks as he glared at me. “You thought that just because I work at Ikea that I can, what, come here and wave a wand and be done with it? It doesn’t work that way, ok? I’m doing the best I can! It’s right in the office protocols, I can show you the damn thing! *To subdue a demon, please summon a demon from a product line that is one pricing tier up.* That’s what it says! Literally! So I brought the *Nej Seriöst*, just as I was trained to do! It’s not my fault that the two of them are equally matched, ok?”

The demons shifted again as a cacophony of unholy screeching and grinding issued from their various orifices. I gulped, then took a deep breath.

“Fine, fine,” I said. “I’m not blaming you, ok? Look, you said you had a solution, right? Come on, out with it! What are we going to do about this? If these two really start going at it, trust me, we’re going to be smears on the wall.”

“Backup is on the way,” he said. “He’s coming any moment now.”

My heart soared, before it caught fire and came crashing back down to earth. “Wait. This backup… it wouldn’t happen to be just another guy with more Ikea product manuals, right? Like, you know, cause this *isn’t working*, ok? Please don’t tell me someone’s just coming along with a larger, meaner demon…”

“Relax. I’m not *that* dumb. This obviously isn’t working, so I’ve called someone else.”

“Who, exactly?”

Oskar turned to me, and there was a glimmer of hope on his face. “Chen,” he said.

“Chen?”

“Yea, Chen. You know, the Chinese eatery opposite our Ikea branch? He’s the owner there.”

“What the f-”

The demons chose that exact moment to spring towards each other. They howled at each other, loud enough to sear the lining off my ear drums. It was like watching two monster trucks careening towards each other, like a bundle of fireworks in someone’s mouth, like a washing machine full of rocks, like a… you get the idea.

The door behind us pushed open then, and Oskar and I were thrown across the floor like pebbles. I caught sight of an Asian gentleman, heavily mustached, slightly tubby around the center, leap forward. He flung a single brown confectionary treat towards the demons, and it sailed in a beautiful arc towards them, like a crystal teardrop dripping from the tallest glacier…

And when it hit them, a look of puzzlement spread across their maws as they… simply…

Disappeared.

The culinary missile dropped onto the floor and bounced for a couple of seconds. Chen retrieved it, his arm still shaking from the adrenaline rush. He handed it to me, and I cupped it between my palms. Oskar’s face told me that he knew just about as much as I did.

“Open it,” Chen said. “Lessons for all. Free, today only.”

“A… fortune cookie?”

I cracked it open, then unfurled the tiny strip within. At each corner were tiny drawings of the two demons vanquished by Chen. In the middle, in plain flowing script, were the following words.

*IT IS IMPORTANT TO ASK QUESTIONS. IT IS MORE IMPORTANT TO ACCEPT.*

---

/r/rarelyfunny
