Time : 1:00pm - Central Time

My eyes flicker open for just a brief moment, before slamming shut again.
"Fuck, it's bright." 
I think to myself, as I shift my body onto it's left side. I smirk just a little, and think

"nah, forget this I'll sleep till it's dark, see if I care...
Bitch ass sun ain't ganna get me, nope, not today!"

I half heartedly roll to my stomach in effort to find comfort, I can feel sand beneath me, a lot of it. I decide not to concern myself with this for the time being and drift back off to sleep.

Time: 7:00pm - Central Time

Miserably, I find I can no longer keep myself asleep. I roll onto my back, far more aware of the sand that I decided wasn't "Important" just a few 
Hours ago. I let out a long sigh before opening my eyes, to the cool, darkening sky. I blink a few times in confusion as I try to make sense of where I am, and most importantly why I'm outside. I am immediately plagued with a pulsing headache, and I can feel the dehydration as I realize my bottom teeth are sticking to the inside of my lip. I push my self up to sitting position, and pause for a moment, to just let my reality sink in. Frustrated with my current circumstances, I frantically glance up and down the dirt, or whatever material road that I had awoken next to, looking for a sign or some sort of reference point, I can see one sign in the distance but can't make out what it says, it appears to be in a different language, but I can't quite tell. I finish working my way up to a stand, feeling absolutely exhausted still, I mumble under my breath "worst fucking sleep ever, 1 out of 5 stars, absolutely would not recommend to anyone." 

I stumble my way towards the sign I'd seen in the distance, after making it maybe 15 yards, I can see the sign is not in English, in fact it appears to be in Spanish. At this point in time, I'm so happy with my decision to forego Spanish in High School for German, it's been so much of a help to me... 
Out of a sneaking suspicion I check my pockets to see if there may be any possible clues, and sure enough, I can feel a piece of paper, folded twice, and what feels like a wad of cash folded in half. Pulling it the cash to see what I've been left with this time, I count out 20 bills all reading 50 pesos. 

I think to myself,
 "Wonderful, I'm stuck somewhere in what I assume is Mexico, with enough money to buy a damn cheeseburger from a fast food restaurant."
With an absolute lack of enthusiasm, I pull the folded paper from my pocket as well. Opening it up, I can see that whatever has been written is also in Spanish. I take a deep breath, and use the Spanish knowledge I've picked up in my daily life to try to make sense of this.

It reads:
"Este es el examen final, de ahí su 
Importancia." Followed by "Solo los estudiantes aptos podrán hacer el examen final."


Yea.... no... I'm at a loss here, I can make out the beginning, something about this being the final exam. Upon reading this, I'm consumed with memories. I can see myself waking up, next to a frozen street, laying in the snow, with nothing but a bear's hide to wear as clothing, stranded on the outskirts of a deserted Russian town.
Once more, I see myself waking up, this time next to a kangaroo, surrounded by barely green brush and orange clay in every direction. 
Each memory attached to a wad of
Cash and a note in a foreign language telling
Me, That this is the final test.

I lose it, I scream out "AGAIN?!?!?"
 "Why does this keep happening to me?!?"
I cry out. 
"I haven't even been in school for years now!!!"
Solemnly, I pick a direction, and head out hoping there's a town or something nearby. 

After what felt like at least 2 days, the sun had fully set, and I'd rubbed my temples raw in attempts to soothe this headache. Suddenly I can see a slew of dust rising into the sky from a few miles up the road, excited that I'd finally found someone, I pick up my pace and head in their direction, I call out "hola!, hola!, aquí,
 aquí!!" As the vehicle comes within actual visual distance, I can see it's some sort of older military utility vehicle. I think to myself that this must be my lucky break, from the movies I'd seen this has to be either the police, or drug dealers, either way It's what I needed to raise my spirits a bit. The AUV comes to a slower pace as it approaches, coming to a full stop only a few feet in front of me. Without a second thought, I run up to the jeep, in the driver seat is a middle aged looking man, dark tan, as though he'd spent his entire life in the sun. He had a dark slightly curled bushy mustache, much like one would see in a movie. 

"Hola! Buenos.... uhh evening!" "Mi nombre es Kent" 
I reach my hand out in offerance of a hand shake. The man just stares at me, blankly for a moment, before laughing.  Once his laughter has died down, he says,
 "do you need a ride somewhere? Why are you out wandering on a major road?"

"Yes!" I say maybe a little too excitedly.
Questioningly I ask him
"You speak English?" 
To which he laughs again, and states that of
Course he does why wouldn't he? 
Wasting no time, I walk around and hop in the passenger seat, I tell him I figured most people in the area only spoke Spanish and apologized. I go on to tell this man my story up to now, and explain how this isn't the first time, and my confusion following this "trial" I keep getting put on.  Throughout the story, he laughs, but let's me finish uninterrupted. Once I've said my final peace, he puts a hand on my shoulder and says "Son, this is New Mexico, not Mexico."
Horrified at what I'd just heard, I realize I lived not too far from a major highway in New Mexico, I tell him my home address, to which he explains to me that it's literally only a 10 minute walk from here, but offers to drive me home anyways.

Upon reaching my house, I thank the man, and give him the 1000 pesos, that to me now had even less value than before, though I figured he could trade it out for 50 dollars or so. Once he's driven off, I walk up to my door to head inside. Thankfully my door was unlocked, as I didn't have the key. I let out a sigh of relief, and head to my bedroom where I flop down ready to just forget today ever happened. 
As I laid there eyes closed, not even minutely tired, playing through my day, I have a startling realization. I live in Arizona... not New Mexico....

"Meh" I mumble, And shrug it off, and comment to my self that I really shouldn't take so many drugs anymore, but that this was going to make an awesome story. I take a quick shower to rinse off all the sand I'd slept in(and now left in a strangers bed) head into the living room, turn the tv on, and kick back. I think to myself
"I wonder where the rest of my evening is going to take me now."


