Two hundred and fifty--that was how old Desmond turned today; and what a birthday it was. 

Everything started around eleven in the morning. Michigan had taken him to his favorite lunch spot, Ando (best sushi in town, duh). She had called a few weeks ahead and secured the whole building for just the two of them. It was expensive, but it was worth it. She had been a barista for her past fifty years, and saving up every penny she could for this day. It was a momentous occasion as Desmond wasn't only the oldest of their group of friends, but he was the oldest person in the entire state. 

They had gotten there and had to sneak in the back to get past the news vans and cameras. It was all expected, of course--annoying, but expected. Once seated, they made their orders. There was a staff of fifteen expecting a huge blowout, so two orders were prepared quickly and expertly. In just a few minutes, their beers and cocktails had reached the table and the whole restaurant was already in a great mood. 

Of course, everyone knew there was an elephant in the room. People would usually write their words down to let everyone know. That way, if the words were said, everyone would be ready. Desmond however, had never written his, never even hinted at what his words may be. Being that this was such a momentous occasion, everyone expected that Des would finally reveal his death phrase. Maybe he would actually just say it and get it all over with. So, while everyone was having a good time on the surface, they were all on the edge of their seats. 

Around an hour into the lunch, Des and Michigan were getting pretty tipsy and finally starting to loosen up. The restaurant staff was chatting them up and everyone was smiling. Then Desmond stood up, his lips drew a straight line across his face. He looked over his shoulder to see the news vans and crowd still waiting patiently outside. 

The room fell completely silent, save for the ice machine dropping its load with a loud CRUUSHSH. 

"Watch my beer for me, I gotta pee." He said as he turned away. 

"Was that it?" Michigan asked. "Are you gonna go to the bathroom and drown in your own piss now?"

Des stopped mid stride. "What? No, I have to pee." And with that, he drunkenly trotted into the bathroom.

A few minutes passed. Michigan looked at the rest of the room and everyone was just as tense as her. Then the door squeaked, not the bathroom door, the back door. A couple of staff members whispered something to one another and went to check on it. 

After a few seconds, a bassy voice, loud and muffled, said the words, "I'm going to take you two, and everyone with me. I'm going to take him, too."

Suddenly there was a loud crash and the distinct sound of two bodies slumping to the floor. The door swung open and there stood a man, covered in blood, holding a meat cleaver. 

"I can't kill you with this thing, but I can make you hurt enough to want to die." He said with a smirk. 

The rest of the staff booked it. Some jumped the counter, some ran to the walk in cooler, but they were gone in the blink of an eye. Only Michigan was left in the dining room, drunk, watching the psycho slink toward her. 

She threw her beer bottle at him, it pegged him right in the forehead and left a huge gash. He kept grinning and walking toward her. 

The hand dryer kicked on in the bathroom. Desmond was still alive. The bathroom door swung open hard and hit the wall with a CLACK! Desmond walked out and saw the scene: a man covered in blood wielding a huge knife making his way toward one of the only people he cared about. He had been alive for two hundred and fifty years, and this was how he was celebrating? 

Michigan smiled knowing that she would be alright. Then the meat cleaver went down through her right hand. She screamed as blood sprayed across the room. 

"Just say the words, sweetie." The psycho's voice was almost soothing. Like the whiskey-cigarette voice of Tom Waits. "Just say the words, and it'll all be over."

Desmond dashed across the room and planted his fist square in the psycho's face. Michigan was still screaming. Desmond was pounding the psycho into a pulp. The front door busted open and three men with cameras ran in to be the first on the scene. This was sure to bring in some views. 

After the police showed up and arrested the psycho, Desmond sat with Michigan as paramedics wrapped her hand. 

"Do you think they'll be able to reattach it?" Des asked.

Michigan looked at it, seeing that she had only lost a pinky finger, and that the pain and chaos made it seem much worse. "I hope so, they have it on ice right now."

Desmond chuckled, "Y'know, I wish I had the mind to make a joke as I was running out there." 

"You asshole." She grinned, then flinched, "What would you have said?"

He chuckled again, shook his head and turned toward the now handcuffed psycho. "Hey!" 

The psycho looked over at him.

"Crime's illegal, fucko!"

Just then, Desmond's heart stopped. He was dead before he hit the ground. Michigan, now heartbroken decided there was no better time to say her words. 

"This story fucking sucks."