I shifted the large grocery bag in my hand so I could lift up my arm.

The watch said it was 5:15.

AM.

He should be dead now, with the spell beginning to take effect already. Since I used a tag instead of an incantation this time I had some free time to go shopping, but the drawback is the transitionary confusion stage will last a little longer, not dangerous but inconvenient. I should drop these off next to the front door and head on my way.

I rummaged in my left pocket for the key with my free hand and found nothing.

"Crap, now I gotta shuffle everything. I really don't have time for this..."

As I was about to start shifting Carl opened the door. He was a grisly sight once, but since I cleaned him up he looks no worse than a tired old man would.

"uurgh"

"Oh, you're home. Listen, can you put these groceries in the kitchen? I got a body ready to rise and I need to be there when he wakes up; I used a tag this time."

"urgh"

As he reached for my bag I noticed his bandages had ketchup staind smeared from the inside; he'd been eating again.

"Did the neighbors invite you over again?"

A nod.

"You know you shouldn't eat, that wound is too big to stop food from leaking out."

He set the bag on the table and pulled out his notepad, writing down his reply: "They were just too persuasive."

"I'd ask how you managed to hide that stain but I'm on a time crunch. Clean your bandages and tell me when I get home."
"rurgh"

I always enjoy driving around here, it's extremely relaxing; I'd hardly call this a sleepy town though, more "serene" if that makes any sense. You'd think this would be a town free of crime, and yet, I'm still employed.

I drove up to the back entrance and snuck in  through the rear door, while the guard, Carrie, looks the other way with me being here, it'd still be a nightmare to deal with footage of both a repeat intruder and a supposed corpse following him out later not five minutes later. No clue if it'd be called a hoax but better safe than sorry.

I walked in to find our special boy already sitting up on the table. He was facing away but he was definitely the rotund 30 something with the back wound I tagged, not hard to figure it out since he was still naked. The wound might make it tricky to leave though, nerves are still necessary with some spells and corpses and tags can be really finicky with that.

"Hey."

"aagh!"

"You alright?"

"i....where am i"

"Good, the tag seems to have done the job. I'll take you back to my...uh...office for a further examination, ahem"

"where are my glasses"

"Listen, the meds we gave you were rather powerful...let's just take you to the office, okay? Can you walk?"

"of course i-"

*thwap*

"That's a no then."

Welp, at least if the camera sees me they won't assume it's the apocalypse.

Dragging him through the halls was both tense and embarrassing, but driving with a naked man in my car all the wayback to the apartment was worse. This must be my punishment for eating all the food last night, I should've packed all the supplies before I even made the tag but my stomach was too demanding. I didn't even bring any glue or tape to stick the tag on securely, I had to use a stapler on the outer edges (thank god he was drugged then). Considering I could've ran home for clothes after applying the tag I think I should re-evaluate my planning skills.

They say you learn something every day, today I learned my labcoat makes good pants....or they would if he'd worn it right. At least I have spares.

This time I got the key out immediately, it's the little joys in life.

Now begins the clarification process, that is to say I'm gonna clear the fog in his head and help him understand his position. Some undead want revenge, not my style, while others want to clear unfinished business or meet with family. Sadly, those aren't always in my reach or my job description. 

You see, murder victims or other violent deaths can cause stains on the soul which can lead to either vengeful spirits or eternal suffering (sometimes both), so while I can't save their lives I can still heal their afterlives. Sometimes the methods are simple spells and rituals, sometimes it's linked to regrets, but either way, me and my assistant can't stand to know they'll suffer forever, it's why he's decided to help me for as long as he has.

Speaking of which, I gotta re-apply the preservation spell on carl soon, don't want a rotting odor to spook the neighbors.

As I wondered which method we'd need Carl placed down my drink, our work was about to begin.