I stared at her half-smirking face. 

*What the actual... Oh Christ! What if she knows what I imagined of her yesterday!* I thought to myself, scared to death.

I looked over to her and she frowned, slowly shaking her head in disappointment. Now I started to panic, and I try to stop myself from thinking but I could not help but remember the things I did when I was young that I would do anything to hide forever. I heard her laughing hysterically and I covered my eyes and collapsed on my desk. It was over.

I tried to cover my ears the best I could but I could still hear that crazed woman laughing her head off. The teacher, already annoyed with both of our behavior harshly scolded us but to no avail. Finally, he had enough of our "jokes" and demanded us out of the class. I heard her stand up from her desk and walked over to me. 

I felt a sudden sharp pain in my shin and I groaned in pain. I looked up to see her menacing face and I thought of something nasty to say to her but of course stayed silent. She grabbed me by the arm (like a kidnapper) and dragged me out of class, unaware of the confused and interested looks from our fellow peers. 

*Jesus Christ, what is wrong with her.*

"OUCH!"

This time I fell down, gripping my stomach. The maniac punched me square in the stomach. I could feel the anger and hate. I struggled but managed to look up to her threatening face. I could not help but think about her face. 

*Wow, she is actually kind of pretty, although there are some...*

I covered my head and vitals as I saw her raising her arm with a closed fist.

*This is going to be a long day.*

After a few seconds of silence, I looked up and saw her standing casually, supporting herself with a wall. We both stared at each other. I tried not to think at all about anything but failed miserably. She couldn't help herself but laugh a little.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked, totally confused.

"I am your great great great granddaughter from a time machine in the future," She became serious all of the sudden, "I need your help destroying the evil cyber empire that dominates the Earth."

My brain could not function anymore.

"Wait, what?"

"I can read your mind because of my super power," She looked at me dead in the eyes, "Everyone in the future can buy pills that gives you super powers."

I was too confused to think. Was this all real?

"Great great great grandpa, I have prepared a pill for you to fight the incoming evil," She talked sternly and pulled out a green lime from her backpack, "I had to smuggle it in the lime, you have to eat the lime in order to gain the superpower. Sorry grandpa."

I looked down at lime that she held towards me, this must be a joke.

"Yes, I know that you think this must be a joke," She said with urgency, "Please, trust me grandpa, the time police may be here soon!"

*God dammit, its now or never. Isn't this what happens in science fiction books?* 

I took the lime and forced myself to bite into the skin. The sourness attached my mouth like an atom bomb. For the sake of my super power, I forced myself to bite more of the lime and tears started to fall down. I wanted to vomit but I held back my urges. 

I suddenly saw her fall down on the ground out of the corner of my eye.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! YOU ACTUALLY BELIEVED IT! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

It took a moment for me to figure out what happened, but I dropped the lime and vomited with tears of humiliation.

"HAHAHAHHAHHAAHAHHA!" 

I heard her rolling on the ground laughing and I closed my eyes. After a few moments of being an idiot, she stood up and held her hand towards me for a handshake.

"Name's Amelia."

*Why did I let myself get into this?* 