"What the fuck? Where am I?" He wonders silently while ringing his eyes to check to see if he's not dreaming, hallucinating. He takes a moment to gather himself. He checks his watch. It's 11:02PM. He then checks to see if he recognizes anyone in this sea of people he's suddenly drowning in. After a few moments, he gathers himself.

"WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU PEOPLE?" 

No one responds. At this point, he's scared he's losing his mind. 

"HELLO?" 

Again, no response. He panicks and begins checking his pockets. He never goes anywhere without a pick. He checked his front pockets. Nothing. He checked the back left. Nothing. Finally, he checks the small tiny pocket in Levi jeans that is obviously made for small bags of drugs and he finds his lucky pick.

"Does anybody have a guitar?" He bellows at the top of his lungs.

"I do!" A face in the crowd emerges with an acoustic guitar. "It's in pretty bad shape but it can still play a tune. Here, man." She motions the guitar to him. 

He stands there with the guitar and begins picking around. He starts playing one of his compositions. Suddenly, the low hum of the chattering crowd becomes a silence, and they begin to gather around him.

"Holy shit. I love this song. I didn't know YOU wrote this!" He hears from a distance. The silence rises into a low hum that turns into cheers and dancing around him, almost like a flash mob. Beautifully choreographed sweeping motions all around him as he plays his song. As the song comes to a close, the crowd roars in cheers and whistles. After some moments, people begin to come up to him. 

"Hey, thank you for sharing that with us. That was my favorite song growing up. How come you didn't put any other music out?"

He winces in what seems to be emotional anguish before he lashes out in response. "I. FUCKIN'. DID! I could never figure out a way to work around the BROKEN MUSIC SYSTEM! YouTube. Spotify! They ruined my career! I spent my entire life trying to find all of you! Where were you for my other songs! Why didn't they matter?! WHY DID THIS ONE MATTER SO MUCH TO YOU PEOPLE!"

The crowd looks on in bewilderment. He checks his watch. It's 11:17. It seems most of them never knew that he had released more songs. After his one big hit, he signed to a record label and toured on that success. However, his future releases were never featured on Spotify or YouTube in a way that would increase the traffic. It wasn't that his music wasn't good. It's that the times changed and so did the way people listened to music. 

"I played so many fucking festivals with oceans of people. Every fucking time, they would come to my stage for that song and abandoned me when I worked to show them my other stuff. I slaved over it. I spent MONTHS locked in my home trying to analyze what was so magical about that song. I could never fucking figure it out."

A voice from the crowd speaks out. She looked to be in her late teens, maybe early twenties. 

"Hey." She said timidly. "I don't know if this means anything to you, but I feel obligated to speak up. I spent my entire childhood being abused by my parents at home. I wasn't pretty enough, smart enough, worthy enough. Nothing I could do would ever amount to success to them. They hated me for as long as I could remember. When I was 11, I heard your song randomly on YouTube. Your song, the one you're so conflicted about, *carried* me through my teens. I was going to kill myself, and every time I was deeply depressed, I turned to your song." She began to softly whimper and continued. "I'm not going to tell you that your song made me love myself. It didn't. It just made me feel like someone else could understand. In those four minutes and 38 seconds, I had someone who cared. I will always love you for that."

He took a moment and reflected on her powerful words before softly nodding in thanks. He checked his watch. It's 11:48. He walks around the room, listening to as many stories of the impact that his one hit had on the people in the room. At 11:59, he takes a few seconds before calling out to the crowd. 

"HEY! Everybody! Thank you all for being here today. I have something I'd like to say to you all." He pauses briefly and checks his watch. It's 12AM. "I spent my entire life in a box. I tried so hard to find you all. I constantly searched. Those in my life who loved me had all learned to resent me. I sacrified everything, and everyone, to reach to you all. You never left. The music never left you."

"I love you too." He says. As the last words exit his lips, he looks to find that the room is now empty. He feels tired. He can faintly hear the last few measures of his life's meaning in the background as he slowly falls asleep. 