Darby's mind projected itself into the limitless void of constellations, shining stars, some bigger than others. Each of them are linked together by a narrow thread, forming a massive chaotic web. From a distance the web appeared to be glowing a vibrant neon with different potions emitting a different colour. Billions of different coloured blobs of light illuminate into the darkness. As Darby's field of vision moves closer to the web he can make out the source. Tiny lights are moving at incredibly fast speeds inside of the web, pulsing or streaming or just traveling in seemingly random packs. 

Each of these points, creating the constellations, are a node, a network connected device and anyone could tell you how many of those we have. Hell, almost any single person will be worth about ten nodes on the network. At the very least they will have ten devices all turned on and sending everything about him at the moment; a full-body diagnostic, what he is seeing, his general mood. All this data is converted into one's and zero's and wirelessly beamed away to where ever they will rest. Usually they will be stored in a massive Datastore belonging to whichever analytics company has purchased data harvesting rights for the city you live in. Darby was a hacker though, and hackers don't settle for being a number in the database. The only device he kept on him was his TouchLink and even that only connected to his workstation.

Then, with a thought, Darby's non-corporeal body - his consciousness, flying through empty space - homed in on a star that was emitting a bright, infinitely tall pillar of blue light. His workstation, marked with a bookmark so he doesn't have to pull up the coordinates and find it manually. The node filled his vision as he approached, it was translucent from this distance and inside there was a workshop not unlike that of a carpenter, back when that was a profession. Eventually, he passed into the node seamlessly: it just filled up his perceptions until he was inside of it. With a sigh and an arch of his back, he sat down at a table with a notepad on it. As he began thinking of code, a terrifying pig squeal echoed off every surface, piercing his ears and causing him to maybe pee his pants a little. And then the source of the noise revealed itself. A giant black bore, armed with tusks that look like they could pierce concrete was charging right at him. This black boar was a program and it was one he had made, it was his local anti-virus. Before Darby could react impaled by a tusk, but he didn't scream or cry - hell, he didn't even feel it. Only a sadist or a terrorist would program an anti-virus to cause pain. He braced himself to be ejected from the network and to wake up in his living room... but he was just outside the node again now. That was a new one. Getting ejected by his own anti-virus? Must have been a bug, figures. The detail he was more concerned with was why he had not been sent back into his body, as anti-virus programs do. 

Darby thought a few things and text appeared in his vision:

PREPARING EJECTION SEQUENCE

COMPRESSING CONSCIOUSNESS 

INJECTING INTO BRAIN

INJECTION FAILED: UNABLE TO WRITE 

CRITICAL ERROR: ABORTING EJECTION

the text faded and left him floating in the void, trying to process what this meant.

--------------------

Two men; dressed in sharp suits, their eyes covered by dark sunglasses, stood over a young man, limp on his couch with a cable extending from the side of his head to a humming computer.

"You're sure this is the guy?" one of them asked.

"Of course I'm sure!" replied the other, sounding somewhat insulted that his partner would doubt him.

"Should we wake him?"

They each took a bit of time to consider this, should they let him out of his voluntary hallucination to see the real world one more time, or let him just go out without ever knowing what happened to him?

"Nah. Just do it."


He nodded and shot him in the head. Quick, painless, and no chance of survival. Easy.
