It took me a long time to realise that the system that was offered was not assurance for balance, but rather mercy.

I stopped counting the years once I reached three hundred. I had a long time to master my craft. The more people I killed, the more numb I grew to the act. My later kills turning more and more into normal routine, the faces of those I had killed no more than a passing figure. A blank canvas where a face should be. It was no different than when I would gut a pig. There was no malice nor passion in the act.

Yet my very first kill still haunts me. The one I will never forget. I didn't just kill my supposed soulmate on that day, I killed my humanity.

I still have nightmares at times. It was during a time far long gone. When I lived among the tribes under the star-filled sky. And it was upon a secluded hilltop under the failing light of the sun as it dropped beyond the horizon, where rather than consumate our love for one another, that I brandished my blade and stabbed through the heart of my love. "I'm sorry," I would whisper over and over again with tears running down my cheeks. "I'm sorry," I would repeat as my blade continued to mutilate her chest. "I'm sorry." It was the only thing I could say as I continued to stab at her corpse. Perhaps the apology was for myself as much as it was for Kanida. Yes, I still remember her name. I owed her that much. To immortalize her memory as my first kill, and my first love. Did I continue to stab at her chest to prevent the realization of what I had just done to seep in? Or did I secretly hope that if I continued to stab at her, that it was because she still lived.

It was so long ago, even after having live for over a thousand years, I still felt as if I lived it yesterday.

I think it was watching my mother succumb to sickness that scared me so. The idea of fading away, becoming a hollow bag that held no sign of the person we once were. How unnerved I felt.

But it's different now. I think this as I roll the remains of my newest soulmate over the edge into the violent coursing waters of the canal. Her body would wash out into the sea with no one the wiser. And yet, I no longer killed to live longer, I killed because it was routine, all I have ever known.

'Soulmate' how bitter that word felt on my tongue. I knew the word to be a lie. As did every 'death-lover', a name that was given to people like me who tried to live longer by murdering their soulmates. It was just love, and love could be replaced. The fact that I would find new individuals who would show interest in me, where the chemistry would spark. Where we would bloom and embrace each other was enough proof of that. And even then, no matter their beauty, none could compare to my first love, and my first kiss. I carried her with me till the end of times. Literally.

There were other immortals, those who were undesirable and were nothing more than ambitionless individuals who wasted away in their rooms.

Most death-lovers were apprehended, but when you play the game as long as I had, you become impossible to find.

I had achieved everything a man could have wanted to. Several degrees from universities under different names. Built several empires in my name as businesses and slithered myself into the top of power. The only place where I would find people who successfully lived as long as I had. We were all cold and meticulous monsters given the leash to the world, but I had no doubt in my mind that at some point a long time ago, we were compassionate and loving.

I don't exactly remember when it was, but I sat on a bench at the park reading a book in spring. A leaf drifted down from the tree that shaded me and fell on my book as if to bar me from reading the letters. It was this random occurrence that caused me to look up from my book as if it were the first time I watched the world.

Someone laughed. A woman. Her smile radiant as her supposed solemate threatened to paint her entire face in icecream. She screamed and called for him to stop, but they were gleeful requests. I smiled. For the first time at such a spectacle that I tried so hard to deny, I smiled wistfully. And though the woman looked nothing like Kanida, it reminded me of her nonetheless and a sudden bang of pain shot through my heart and made it feel like my chest was left hollow. A deep chasm where my heart should be. Just one tear drifted down my cheek, and my cold heart began to melt and beat once more.

I closed my book and left, it was too much to bear.

What was wrong with me? I cried for days within the lonely and meaningless chasm of my mansion. How appropriately large it seemed for it seemed to be filled with nothing but junk.

Was it a moment of clarity or weakness? Regardless. I succummed to my lament and sought to fill that chasm.

Time and time again I would take out dates, sorting my equipment to kill them out of habit, but I would never use it.

They all left me feeling numb. The sex, the intimacy, the dates. It felt like I was trying to replace something that could never be replaced.

It was too late, I already knew that. And it took me more than a thousand years and a couple hundred more to realise that.

Perhaps I would lived a single lifetime with Kanida, but it would have been a fully-lived one.

In a drunken stupor one evening, I burst into raucous laughter. How funny the joke was. How well I played myself. For so long all I had ever done was simply kill people, becoming better and better at it, until my heart died and I became numb to all emotions. How desperately I craved that feeling of nervousness again. How desperately I craved Kanida.

I got exactly want I wanted. Immortality. Never again would I feel that way about anyone, my emotions were withered husks that long fell out of use.

It was not the hollow pain of longing that made me reach for my stowed pistol. Its dark metal like a shadow that offered mercy.

It was the emptiness inside that made it unbearable. Yet at least the bullet pierced my temple only moments after granted me release from my agony.

"I'm sorry," the only words that flashed through my mind and Kanida's lifeless and shocked expression when I killed her.

***

# /r/KikiWrites 