Last smoke. Pressed it down with finger and turned it out in an ashtray. Last call, said the bartender. No, I'll just finish this one and I'll be on my way out, I replied, politely. There I was, with same old herbal derived piece of trash alcohol, twisting it through two rocks of ice. Never liked whiskey. Just couldn't bear the smell.

Loner, though guy, underachiever. Yep, that's me, fuck-up, who can't stand real alcohol, listing through news, dwelling in some kind of self-load, in same shirt as yesterday, covered with smell of cigarettes. Who would say, they made a perfect economy, stopped all wars, no crimes, no poverty, no drugs. Sly-fucking-Stallone world. Just no Wesley Snipes. And, yeah, in case you were wondering, you have to wipe your ass with three shells. But cigarettes. That shit was still legal. Normal even. Well, at least I had that. Woo-fucking-hoo. Oh, screw it, time to do this.

So, they give you one weapon of your choice. Contained sarin, pills, cloaking device made as a wrist watch, some kind of James Bond darts...Just give me a fucking gun, transport me there, or whatever the fuck you do with this time machine, and let me show you how it is done.

There I was. 1941., Germany, Dusseldorf. Looked around, made sure it was real. Do not want to waste any time. I'm gonna find this bastard, give him hell, and be on my way back. After few minutes found the house where he was staying, and knocked on the door.
 
Well, what did you expect? Hiding in bushes, turning my cloaking device or waiting till it is pitch black so I can sneak. He was there, everyone he cared about was there. Everyone important. So I knocked. 

Ten year old kid opened the door. Bang. That was it. Bullet in the head. Dead. Before others started to scream – bang. Bang. Bang. BANG! Old lady, one more kid, and married couple. As I walked over their bodies I found him. Always expected that I'll scream.  Maybe cry. Never suspected I’ll be this calm. There he was, an old, 80-something, shell of a man, gasping for air. 

Sixty years ago you’ve killed a man. Thirty one year ago, on this day, his son wanted to take his revenge. And he stopped in the last moment. Forgave you and made his peace with it. You, you, just wouldn't let it go. You’ve killed him. And run away. One of the first time travelers. You thought no one will find you here. 

Paul had a wife. And unborn son. Yeah, you got it old man. I'm John’s grandson, and Paul was my father. And, no, I will not kill you. Enjoy your last years, and remember every day for the rest of your life. Remember how you lost your wife, daughter, son-in-law and grandkids. You've destroyed my family. Now I've destroyed yours.

Oh, and Hitler. Fuck Hitler. History took care of him. I wanted to rewrite mine.