Here I sit, on the edge of something once called the "Freedom Tower," right smack dab in the middle of an anarchist colony dubbed "Suicide City" by millions of lunatics who worship me like an unholy god because I tried to kill myself some 200 years ago, and it didn't fucking work. It's actually ironic that I'm sitting here, because the only thing that hasn't changed over these two centuries is that all I want is freedom from this corporeal bullshit. Truth is, it's hard to remember a lot of the past, considering I've seen way too much of it. 

I've got some pretty vivid memories of the beginning. I was on my deathbed and the girl I loved begged and pleaded with doctors to try and save me from some weird disease that they never heard of before. I think I was cool with it. Dying meant I didn't have to worry about anything anymore, which is something that my lazy ass self could get down with, but she wanted more. She wanted me to stay. As a matter of fact, she specifically told me that I wasn't "allowed" to die. The wild part is, she up and fucking killed herself the next day. 

And I "miraculously" survived. 

There must've been some bullshit witchcraft or sorcery or some douchebag higher power involved. After I was told I wasn't allowed to die, I made the biggest mistake of my life: I tried to kill myself too. I jumped off this here Freedom Tower, hit the ground, made a nice, big dent in the sidewalk, and then stood up, brushed myself off, and took the subway home.

After that came the tests. Needles couldn't pierce my skin, so it was pretty difficult. They made me drink all kinds of stuff. First it was things that were supposed to make me a bit queasy. Later came raw cyanide. It all felt the same. They tried starving me, drowning me, burning me alive, crushing me (by the way, all to my consent), and then they tried to nuke me. Nothing worked. 

So I started doing jobs that would "Help save the world." I killed a lot of terrorists. I worked up close with nuclear material. I searched the Mariana Trench (that was boring, it was empty except for some plankton). I did a lot of rescuing after natural disasters, and so on and so forth. The governments of the world kept forcing me to do all these things they deemed "useful."

Then, about one hundred years later they started to get worried. They said I'd done good, and prepped me for what they kept saying was "the most important mission I would ever embark on." They sent me to do some research in space. Specifically, on the sun. I was vulnerable. After all that time, the world had convinced me that I was needed. So I thought what the hell it's just another job to help the cause. I agreed to the sun thing, after they'd convinced me that they knew how to bring me home.

They didn't even fucking try.

The paranoid human race left me to rot on a ball of plasma one hundred million miles away. After years of research with no communication, I realized what they'd done. And I hated them. I hated what they'd done to me, and I grew to hate myself for trusting them. My hatred burned, unlike my body, on the surface of the sun. And one day, a true miracle, the one thing that the universe gave me for torturing me so long. I was sent out into space by a solar flare, and after one hundred million miles of soaring through that vacuum at a speed that would've melted anything else in the universe, I landed right back where I came from. I claimed this city as my territory, and I told the world leaders that if they came to this city, I could take up arms against them, using nothing but the knowledge with which I have been provided, and I would be the only survivor. They listened.

Now, a couple of decades later, I have been left alone by government, but not by these assholes who have no fear of death. I was surprised by how many there really are. Whether it be those who live in the outer rim who deal in drugs and minor crimes, or those in the perpetual rioting going on in the center of the city. 

I watch a lot of it. Not many know my face, or my name. It's not shown in the outside world anymore, in fear that I might retaliate. It makes for interesting behavior when people try to kill me, and I don't die. Sometimes they want me to kill them. As if its something of a "sacrifice to their god." I refuse. 

Mostly.