On Christmas last year, I was dragging myself through a thrift store, looking for something to get myself. Nothing crazy, just a little gift.

I was messing around with some cups and glasses when I saw it. A small, faded, bronze-y... I dunno, lamp, I guess. I rubbed the side of it, thinking it was covered in dirt. Instead, a sandy wind started blowing from the top of it, and a face coalesced in the sandstorm. 

"Hello there! I'm Tess, the Genie. I don't really do this much anymore, but since you were kind enough to let me out of there, I'll give you any wish. Nothing too big, though!" she said, with a light British accent.

I was talking to what looked like a teenage, gender-bent Sandman.

"I dunno. A productive twenty-seventeen, I guess?"

The Genie blew away, giggling. "That's a new one!" she echoed, as her pile of sand took its exit, and flew away in the windy road. 

I felt strangely calm about having just met a Genie, but I supposed that was just part of the magic.

I decided to buy the lamp - it didn't seem to be magical anymore - but it would be nice to have, and returned home. Tired from school that day, I sat down at my computer, ready to play video games. 

*Eight ten... could be worse,* I thought, as I launched Hearthstone. I was just a few turns in when time seemed to freeze, and I looked around, when suddenly a breeze appeared from nowhere.

A girl appeared next to me, brushing sand off of her arms.

"So, a productive 20:17. Every day, for one minute, you will be the smartest, best, cleverest person."

 I feebly tried to contest her statement, but she disappeared again before I could say anything. I turned back to my screen, a feeling of confidence taking over everything. I just... knew what I needed to do to win, which I did.

After that, I started building my day around that one minute. I got a night job, and slept from eleven to seven. I drank an energy drink at eight, and sat at my computer, with a pencil and pen nearby. Every day was different - sometimes I would have mathematical formulas seemingly appear on my paper, and other times, I would scribble sonnets that put the Bard's work to shame. The days I looked forward to most, were the ones where I wasn't really immediately attached to anything. On those days, I could learn to do things in a minute what it takes most months- years, maybe, even to learn. 

At first, I picked my bass back up. After that, I learnt to play the guitar that I always wanted to but never learned how to. Then I learnt the drums, and then I started making my own instruments.

The best day of all, though, was when I wrote this story.