The first time was confusing. Mark, in fact, used the words "WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON!?" but as an impartial, polite narrator, I'll use 'confusing'.

It was a mugging. Lyla was coming home from her first date after the breakup and the dude pointed the knife and 
said, "Give me the purse, bitch."

And Mark, in his underwear, a yellow lipstick of Cheetos around his mouth, materialized in front of them, straight from his living room couch.

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON!?" he uttered, as previously mentioned, which was not intended to, but 
had the effect of, stopping the mugging right away, as the mugger, upon watching a half-naked man materialize 
himself in front of him out of thin air like popcorn bursting into existence from corn except with a person and 
nothingness (Jesus, what a crappy narrator I am), proceeded to politely say "Oh, fuck," and go home (later, I heard, he checked into an institution and got into New Age music and Paulo Coelho, but that's a story for another day).

Well, after much debate, Mark and Lyla decided that what had just happened was either collective hallucination or 
undeniable proof that the universe was fundamentally different than humanity had been assuming for thousands of years and all human knowledge had just been rendered obsolete and we'd have to start over from the pre-Socratics on. They figured it didn't really matter, because either way they both had lives to get to and shit to do, and decided to get on with their stuff. They parted ways.

It was after the third time (the second being another, totally unrelated mugging), when Lyla got trapped in an 
elevator during a power outage and Mark materialized itself once more in front of her, that they figured out that 
the whole thing was a pattern, and that apparently Mark would show up whenever Lyla was, in his words, "in some deep shit or whatever."

"So whenever I'm in trouble, you just… show up?"

"Apparently."

"Why!?"

"Gee, Lyla, I don't know, let me check my International Guide to Unexplainable Phenomena."

"You're being sarcastic, aren't you?"

"No, I really have a guide for unexplainable phenomena."

"Now you're being sarcastic about being sarcastic, aren't you?"

"I'll add another layer if you keep bothering me."

"God, you're annoying, no wonder I broke up with you."

"I broke up with you."

"No you didn't."

"Internally I did."

This continued for something like forty minutes, until the firemen came and rescued them (as, of course, though 
Mark had indeed materialized in front of Lyla to be there in her time of need, he lacked the tools to get them out of 
a stopped elevator.)

It started getting suspicious, as far as Mark was concerned, the seventh time Lyla was caught in the middle of a disagreement with drug addicts in the town's worst neighborhood. That's when he started suspecting foul play on her part.

All the same, he kept to himself, standing by her side as the crackheads robbed her… then him (because, it turns 
out, crackheads are not as easily spooked by people materializing out of thin air as muggers are… these guys just 
said "Woah, dude just popped into existence. Let's rob him too!")

Then it was a cliff – literally, Lyla standing on the edge of a cliff, about to lose balance, and Mark popped up by her 
side to save her. 

Then it was a minor car accident.

Then a fight with this bitchy girl she knew from high school.

Mark decided to say something when he suddenly materialized in front of Lyla inside a warehouse filled to the 
ceiling with towers and towers of cocaine packs and surrounded by angry, machine-gun wielding Brazilian men somewhere deep in the rainforests of South America.

"Okay, that's it," he said, as soon as he laid eyes on Lyla, tied to a chair in the back of the room, behind some drug stacks. "What the hell, Lyla!?"

"I'm sorry," she said, "I got lost hiking."

He got closer to her, untied her, careful not to alert the men patrolling the warehouse just behind the stack of 
cocaine they were pressed against. "No you didn't."

"Excuse me!?"

"Look, I'm sorry it didn't work out between us," Mark said, as she got up and rubbed her wrists. "But you gotta 
stop putting yourself into dangerous situations just because you want to try to hurt me."

"What!?"

"You don't think I've noticed!? Seven muggings! Random fights! Random cliffs! And now you show up at a drug 
warehouse in South America!? You hate hiking! Come on, Lyla, it's so obvious! You're trying to get me killed!"

"Who's there!?" came a voice from behind the cocaine stack, because Brazilians speak English when it's convenient for the plot.

"Is that what you think I'm doing!?" Lyla asked.

"Well, isn't it!? Why else would you keep putting yourself into these dangerous situat –"

"BECAUSE I MISS YOU, YOU IDIOT!" She pushed him. "I MISS YOU AND I DON'T HAVE THE GUTS TO CALL YOU 
AND THIS IS THE ONLY WAY I CAN THINK TO SEE YOU FROM TIME TO TIME."

"Hey, there's a dude with the girl we caught over here!" One of the drug thugs showed up, pointing the gun.

"You miss me?" Mark asked, quietly.

"Yes, you idiot. What, you think I take trips to the rainforest and end up on coke farms by accident?"

More men showed up, all wielding machine guns. They pointed.

"Fuck, why didn't you just say so?"

"Cause you never seem happy to see me."

"THAT'S BECAUSE WE'RE ALWAYS ON THE VERGE OF DEATH WHEN I SEE YOU, NOT BECAUSE I STOPPED LOVING 
YOU!"

"You still love me?"

"OF COURSE I DO, YOU STUPID BITCH!"

"Why are you yelling?"

"BECAUSE WE'RE ABOUT TO DIE!"

She looked at the men. Then at Mark. "It does look that way."

"I'M GONNA KISS YOU NOW."

"Okay." She smiled.

And they did kiss. And then, of course, the Brazilian drug men opened fire and they died a very bloody, horrible death, but it was kind of romantic, really. I thought so, at least.


_____

/r/psycho_alpaca