


 I clutched the worn old leather bag tightly. It is what kept me alive all these years since The Infection. A rogue virus, mother nature's immune system, God's judgement whatever the origin, the old way of life died with 70% of the population. I remember a long time ago almost like an alternate reality. We were rich. This bag had been good to us. Whenever we needed anything just reach in and pull out the exact right thing. Sometimes money in a variety of forms, cash, gold, valuables, there was even once a winning lottery ticket. Sometimes it was little things, a cough drop, stick of gum, or even medication before I even knew I was sick. They day my parents died I nearly got rid of the bag. That day I'd snuck into my parents room and reached into it. I was bored and i figured it would know what would be the most fun. It was like rummaging around in sand, or small beads, but not completely solid. An insubstantial mass. My fingers touched a small piece of card stock. I pulled it out. A movie ticket. A super hero movie. That summer's block buster. Perfect way to waste a lazy afternoon. As I was sneaking out I paused and thought might as well take the bag. I might want some candy. So I did. Halfway through the movie someone started screaming hysterically. Talking about the infection. The lights came up and the movie stopped people were going over to her. Checking their phones and mumbling and talking to each other. Someone ran out. More people started rushing the exits. The Infection had arrived. I yanked out a flashlight from the bag as the lights flickered and went out. Turning it on I found my way to the glowing emergency exits into the bright day outside. It was pandemonium. Sirens wailing, smoke columns billowing in the distance, cars speeding through the streets. I couldn't believe how fast it happened. I rushed home as fast as I could and arrived to the site of my parents dead in the front room. Someone had broken down the front door and looted the house. I was distraught. I tried to call the cops, but my cellphone showed no bars. I screamed at the bag. Why had it sent me away? Why had I taken it? I threw it against the wall sobbing vowing never to use it again. Of course I did. I had to do something. I couldn't stay. I had to go somewhere. Through gritted teeth and red tear swollen eyes I picked up the bag and pulled out a surgical mask. The first of many things I never thought I'd get from this damn bag. Mylar blanket, camouflage nets, survival hatchet, night vision goggles, maps, lighters. The list goes on. It wasn't easy but I survived. A few weeks ago I got a pristine piece of paper out of the bag. It was a freshly printed flier for a new city. It was full of "new hope" and "out of the ashes" sentiment. The kind of thing I was at first wary of but now downright cynical whenever I see it. I was tired of this subsistence life on the run. Tired of hiding from gangs, feeling infection, and seeing dead bodies everywhere. It came from the bag, so it must be the right thing to do. I made my way to the recruitment point. Looked like a refuge camp. Lots of fences and people. The incubation period for the Infection was 5 to 10 days so we were quarantined and I waited it out with no problem. I'd pulled a book from the bag and not for the first wondering how it knew I'd like it. I did enjoy it, but it still annoyed me. During that time they'd given us plenty of literature about this new civilization. I'd actually kind of bought into it a little.  They had rigorous testing so that the Infection couldn't get in. The disease was dying out as it killed most of the population, but the pockets that were left were still virulent as Zero day. Maybe I could start a new life there. With the bag I'm sure I could get as much as I needed to set myself up quite well. With all the testing done I lined up with the other refugees and saw a convoy of auto-busses. They said it would be a 30 hour trip. No problem, nothing me and my bag can't handle. I climbed into the driverless bus with my group and settled in for the long haul. There wasn't much conversation. Most survivors were the antisocial type since the Infection was spread so easily between individuals. I watched the scenery go by and eventually got bored so habitually I slid my hand into the bag. Feeling around in the mysterious depths I grab something cold and hard. It fits into my hand well. A knurled handle. I grasp as my beats furiously. A gun? It has never given me a gun! Even when I begged for one! My mind was racing. Questions tearing through my train of thought. Then I heard it. That cough. Before the infection it would have meant nothing. An everyday sound no one would have given a second thought to. We know it now. We hear it in our nightmares. We run from its sound. Nothing spells dread like that little cough. Everyone else heard it too. We all looked at the horrified man sitting in the middle of the bus, staring shocked at the blood on his hand. He was contagious. I knew what I had to do. I got up and walked to him. I said "I'm sorry" pulled out the gun. He barely had time to raise his hand. A jerk and a flash and bang all at once and it was over. My ears were ringing. The gun was smoking. The slide had locked back. The whole bus was staring at me. An old man who looked like a transient. A young couple holding hands. A teenage boy alone in the corner. A group of people who had been having a hushed conversation 30 seconds earlier. A lady sitting by herself trying not to stare. A mother holding her young son close. I didn't know what else to do. Instinctualy I reached back into the bag. I felt a metal shape. I slowly pulled it out. It was a magazine. 12 rounds in it. The same number of people who were on the bus. Including me. 


Sorry for the various forms if terribleness I wrote it on my phone. When I get to a comp I'll edit and fix it. 