As morning broke, he arose to a blissful view of his loved ones, all lined up, smiling at his wounded face.

“Hey, guys. I didn’t think you’d make it.”

“Oh sweetie, we wouldn’t miss this for the world.”

As... as the nurses... wait no hold on. No, how come they’re here already? It’s 7:00am. Visiting hours are from 10:00am onwards; why do they get special allowance into the ward?

What do you mean ‘that doesn’t matter?’ You pay me by the hour to read a short story, and the apparent mistakes don’t matter? Fine.

“I really missed you guys. I’m so sorry about everything, the house, the horrible things I said. I was hideous, and I-“

What the actual fuck? Cut, cut, this is ridiculous. If I’m right in saying he’s just awakened from a coma, right? He was comatose, for what, a week? And he wakes up, covered in casts, in NO pain with perfectly eloquent speech? Who wrote this, Seth McFarlane?

“...and I just can’t get the thought of you guys hating me out of my head”

“We could never hate you.” whimpered his daughter, as she went to hug her fathers aching arm. “It’s all going to be ok”

This is fuc- didn’t he kill her mother? With a toaster? A TOASTER? But no it’s all well and fine, she could ‘never hate’ the abusive, alcoholic father she was burdened with, because he’s ‘sorry’. This is shit, like-

Oh, okay. You want me to just read the fucking story? 

A teardrop paraded down his face, stinging his cheek as it rolled down.

Of course, the child clinging onto his broken arm is nothing at all, but his tear, yeah, that stings.

The nurses came in, and ordered most of his family away. 

It’s not like they should be there anyway but,
His sister and mother remained, both gleeful at his reformed persona. 

‘Time for breakfast, Mr Timms.’

Breakfast, moments after he’s awake? Hi there, recently comatose person, shove some fuckin food down you, you’ll be ripe as rain. Need to get your five a day! You missed the last 8 days! That’s forty fruits and veg! Here have some fucking melon, you fucking melon.

He was passed a orange juice drink and an array of fruits.

“You can go, I know I’m not great company.”
They both chuckle. “We misse-“

LAST CHAPTER! LAST CHAPTER DIDN’T HAPPEN EVERYONE! CHAPTER 22 IS A MYTH! No, shut it, I’m going back to- THERE! Line, fucking line 6 of page 232. “Only way I’m visiting that bastard is if I get to pull the plug.” Oh, Rebecca. You conflicted asshole, you thought no one would catch you playing the bad guy he’d kill his equally asshole brother, Tough luck, cumbucket, it’s not hard to miss you limp minded, dark alley belonging, swamp creature of a human being.

Yeah, call security. Maybe they’ll read this shit book for $12 a hour to a college.

