I felt more than saw the numbers frozen on the upper right corner of what was suppose to be my line of sight. Currently, it's dark. That's normal when your eyes are closed tight, and you're trying to fall into that pit of abyss that somehow eludes you some nights when the hours stretch. I think I might've even dozed off at some point, until the blasted numerical figures kept pingining me in my unrest rest.

It had never caused me any discomfort in the past, almost always the number would remain the same except for days of ones or twos, but that's about as erratic as it normally got.

I opened my eyes, and blinked a burn of tears at the sudden blast of visual input. The numbers at the side were a haze of perfectly lined blobs, but that it had the quantity to make a tense of a thousandth worried me more than it surprised me. 

I propped myself up with my elbows, the elevation the cause of an avalanche of fabric, and amusingly the arm of my beloved. The casualties involved settled on the back of my waist where the base of my sleeveless shirt had ridden up to my bra line. Ash's hand caressed me, his touch delicious heat against the skin of my back, like a smear of melted chocolate and a sip of dark wine.

"Hmm, isn't it a little early?" I tapped him lightly on his raised shoulder

"Never with you, love" his voice had a husky quality I'd have mistaken for just having woken up, except the faint but deep tone that purred at the end had me thinking of things that made my toes curl in anticipation.

I leaned in, and pressed a feather-light kiss on the tip of his nose. With half-lidded eyes, I lingered long enough near his lips to tease him with the temptation that perfumed the warmth of our entwined breathing. Then I leaned back.

"Later then." I gave him a wink, and laughed as he pulled me close to hide his face between my shoulder and neck.

He mumbled 'tease' against fabric, skin, and hair, before leaving the bed with a playful nip at the side of my neck.

Left alone, I let my head fall on a patch of comforter and blanket crumpled beneath hands clasped in a tense prayer. A tiny prick of fear bit at the back of my consciousness. 

*7212*

It was disconcerting. I'll have a talk with Ash about it when he comes back to bed.

"Jessie, love!" I heard the echo of his voice shout against an encore of a clapping shower of droplets "Go out with me tonight?"

Untangling myself from thick, wrinkled vines of bed sheets and heavy slops of comforter, I made my way towards the bathroom. Though the door was slightly ajar, I resisted the urge to take a peek, and knocked gently to tell him I'm right outside.

"You know you don't have to ask. I'll always be by your side"

A lilting screech, and the sound of simmer and rain died into a mist of silence. I could almost feel the words working against his throat "I know, love. I know."

"Then I'll see you tonight" before I could move away, the door opened, and wet wet hands seized me from behind. I felt his soft squeaky lips trail kisses on my jaw, and stop. 

"You're too damn irresistible, Jessie."

I breathed a sigh, and let my head rest against his bare chest. At the moment, I felt a stirring inside me that had me clutching at the arm Ash wrapped around me. It was a foreboding compelling me to make the most out of everything. And to me, that world of everything meant only one person. Ash.

"Come back home to me, okay." In a rhythmic pattern I petted his arm. "Early, please, if you could manage." 

I don't know why, but even the idea of the sun falling in the horizon, of the glittered mantle of night rolling in descent, made my heart ache.

"Anything, Jess. I'll give you anything." he whispered to me. The tone of his voice was a litany, a promise ;  the caress of his breath against my ear told me that everything he was, everything he is would only be for me. I swear I broke down inside.

Night came, and I still haven't broached the subject with Ash. It's been thirty minutes since I've finished dressing up for our date. I decided to put on the plush, and soft black fabric of a lace-up long sleeved shift dress.The slight curve of breasts peeked against the criss-cross lace weaved on the dress's notched neckline, and the thin, wispy flare of its sleeves that covered a length that reached my wrists made me feel afloat. Flowering lace patterns, brilliant against the milky skin of my thighs, bloomed as the shift's hem line.

Each tick of a minute that passed made me more agitated. I eyed a lazy corner of a sleeve, and before long I had it between two tips of my fingers, rubbing it like a lamp feebly thinking that in so doing, would grant my wish of Ash magically appearing in front of me.

When the bell rang, the relief that flooded me pushed my momentum, and I ran as though my heels were on fire. Maybe my wish was granted after all.

As the door swung, and revealed Ash in his work attire, I felt him freeze and heard him hiss. Looking up, what I saw made feel as though I'm wearing too much clothes. With a growl he took me in his arms, and when we parted we were both panting.

"Just you wait, love. When we come home later, I'll have yo-" I shushed him with a kiss, and felt my cheeks burn from the heat that steamed in his eyes than the words that were left unspoken.

I took his hand in mine "Let's go."

He drove us to a restaurant in town. I noticed ours was the only car parked in proximity, and guessed that he booked the whole establishment just for the two of us. Ash must've saved up most of his salary so we could have the night to ourselves. A tender twinge pinched my heart. 

I took his hand when we got out of the car, twined it in mine, and held it tight. He raised them to his mouth, and pressed his love on our bound fingers. *I love you*

I closed my eyes, and when I opened them what I saw stole my breath away. He tightened a hand around my waist, holding me up as if he knew my legs had turned into jell-o.

I tried to come up with words that told him how I feel, but when he gazed down, his eyes a seduction of bronze and amber against the dim candle-lit surround glowed with the certainty that told me he knew. 

We were led to our table, and there our meals were prepared in record time. All the dishes served to us were our favourites of food. I relished each bite, and knowing Ash remembered so much made every parcel much more than it was.

When he knelt on the floor with one knee holding him in place, I stifled my relief of it not being anything worse, and felt the push of tears well in my eyes. I somewhat understood what the number was about.

I nodded at the silent question in his eyes "Jessie, will you let me love you for all of eternity?"

"That's a very long time"

"Time melts away when I'm with you, love," I could see myself in his liquid browns, wrapped in the gentle warmth of his gaze "No matter the days that've gone by, always, I see always, you. The numbers fade, and then there's only your smile. God, that smile. I would live the rest of my life just to see the world light up in your eyes, and the sweetness of life follow the curl of your lips, and glow in the apples of your cheeks."

I felt warmth slip down my cheeks "Oh, Ash, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes..."

It was all I could say, my voice seemed to have deserted me, but it was enough for him. He scooped me up from my seat, and twirled me around in happiness. We basked in the afterglow of his proposal.

We were just about half way to our ride, when he told me he forgot something inside and that he'll be right back. While I waited I grinned at the star adorning my ring finger, when I felt heat at my back I turned to tease him for taking his time when we could be doing something else entirely at the moment, but a click of a gun froze me in motion.

"All of it, lady."

My heart hammered in my chest as I gave him everything but the ring Ash gave me.

"I said all of it"

I shook no. Then I felt the sharp edge of the gun slam against the side of my head. 

"I won't ask again"

My heart broke when the ring slid free off my finger, but then it soared when I saw Ash slowly creeping towards us. When I moved closer to the thief and pretended to give him the ring, I tried to grab his gun. I'd hoped to buy some time for Ash to knock him out, but confidently he aimed the barrel at me and whispered. 

"Nice try, girly. I see your boy's reflection on that car of yours."

I felt my spine tense, and looked at Ash one last time. He must've seen the terror and resignation battling on my face, and dropped trying to sneak up on the mugger and ran towards us in pure rage. 

In a last-ditch effort, I tried to wrestle for the gun before Ash gets himself killed in his recklessness. I was shot before I could do anything with impact, I felt the bullet pierce through my stomach, felt the muscles tense with the pain, but I pushed past it all and kept hold of the criminal. Then I took another hit, before Ash could pound the shit out of the man.

I could barely breathe when Ash found me lying on the pavement. He lifted my head on his lap, and laid it there as though I was the most fragile thing he'd ever held. His hands shook with the grief bleeding from his eyes. Though it trembled against my cheek, his touch felt like the setting sun, a kiss fading along with the light of my life. He brushed the hair from my face and tucked it in my ears.

"Jess, Jess, please..." I could see the knot working in his throat. With all the strength I could muster, I raised a hand to cup his face. He met me half way, pressed his love on my palm, and rested it on his cheek.

"-L-lo-love y-you for-fr e-eter-eternity" I hadn't noticed I closed my eyes

"Jess!" Ash was shaking me, trying to wake me up.

"I-I wish I ha-ad anoth-another day wi-with you..."