######[](#dropcap)

He was silent for a moment before the words slithered from beneath the dark hood, a low raspy sound that only sounded faintly human. "You do not wish to die?" 

The old man coughed, leaning into his sword, which he no longer had the energy to raise. "Does anyone?" he wheezed. "I have much unfinished business." 

"Your daughter?" Death asked. He slowly lowered his scythe. The man was frail now. He had used the last of his energy withstanding the blow, and yet... 

The old man coughed, his chest heaving violently. "I must see her get married. I cannot die yet." 

Death remained silent. He stood there, his robes billowing despite the dead air around them, the darkness beneath his hood completely unfathomable. All of a sudden, the mountain air around them began to chill, a gale of wind whistling past and almost prying the sword from the old man's hands before it disappeared as quickly as it had arrived. When Death spoke again, the old man could hear a strange eagerness to his voice.  

"You would agree to a deal?" 

"Anything," the old man coughed. 

Death laughed then, an inhuman noise that was as low and raspy as it was high and keening. "My favorite word," he said, the words long and drawn out. "Good," he said, and then reached out a hand--long and frail, more bone than skin--and touched it to the old man's forehead. Rather than the icy touch he had been expecting, Death's fingertips were scalding to the touch. "I have grown weary," he said simply.  

Before the old man could ask what that sentence meant, he lost consciousness. 

&nbsp; 

When he woke up later, his head pounding, he could feel the fresh life in his veins. His joints no longer ached, and the migraine that had plagued him for the last two years of his life had disappeared. His eyes brightened. He had won. He could go see his daughter again. He got to his feet and reached for his sword. Then he froze. 

His sword--the sword that his master had forged for him twenty years ago--had disappeared. And in its place, a scythe. The handle was black as night, so pitch dark it looked like it would suck him in if he touched it, and the blade glowed brightly, despite the cloudy sky. 

He hesitated for a moment before slowly reaching for it. Just as his hand closed around the handle, his surroundings vanished. He now stood in an abandoned barn, alone. He blinked, gazing around at the bales of hay. Then a sound came from behind the hay bales. 

"Who's there?" he shouted, brandishing the scythe in front of him. "Come out!" 

Silence, except for a gasping and choking sound. 

Carefully, he made his way toward the noise, his footsteps so soft even he himself couldn't hear them. His gaze trained forward, he walked steadily, expecting to see an animal--maybe some kittens or a cow. Instead, the sight in front of him made his blood freeze. 

A woman was laying on the ground, her blonde hair splayed across the pile of hay that should have been golden in color, but for the dark red liquid that was seeping into it, dyeing the hay underneath her body a deep hue. Her eyes wide open, blood gurgled from her open mouth and from a large wound on her abdomen as she desperately struggled to draw in breath through the liquid gurgling from her throat. She looked no more than twenty. 

With a cry of terror, the old man fell to his knees in front of her, his hands shaking as he reached forward to press on the wound in her abdomen, trying desperately to stem the flow of blood. But his hands simply passed through her, even as she stared at him with wide, terrified eyes, the blood flowing faster from her. 

*She should be dead.* The thought passed through the old man's head even as he reached out again and again, hoping beyond hope that the next time, maybe his hands would become solid and that he could save her life somehow. 

Minutes passed. Yet the girl didn't die, stuck in a state of perpetual pain and terror as the old man helplessly watched. Her gaze--distant and drifting everywhere from the pain--suddenly turned toward a point next to him, and she reached out a hand, her gaze then turning to him.  

He turned to see what she was looking at. 

The scythe. 

And then suddenly, he understood. But he couldn't. He had killed some men in his lifetime, but they had been deserving of it. He would never raise a weapon toward anyone undeserving. There was no honor in that.  

The girl's eyes seemed to be pleading him as she continued to choke on her own blood, unable to live, and yet unable to die. The old man hesitated, then gritted his teeth and picked up the scythe. Maybe there was no honor, but...perhaps there was mercy. 

He slowly got to his feet, the scythe weighing heavy in his hands. Then with one fell stroke, he sweeped it downwards, and the girl became silent. Her body glowed bright blue before little wisps of light rose from her body, twisting and turning until they became a bright blue orb, which then slowly ascended toward the heavens. 

It was her soul, he supposed. The old man looked down at the body, with its lifeless eyes and fragile limbs. And then he began bawling, the tears coming fast and furious as he crumpled into a heap on the floor. Day turned into night around him. He stayed in that position until he had no more tears. 

He had seen death before. He was no stranger to it. But never like this. Never before like this. Suddenly, he thought of his daughter. He had to go see her. He had to make sure she was okay. 

He picked himself off the ground and picked up the scythe. And in the next second, he was in front of her apartment. She was in the front yard, bent down in front of the resident garden, tending to her tomatoes. "Linda," he called out, his voice hoarse from crying. 

She didn't turn around. 

"Linda!" he called out again. She remained as if she didn't hear him. His eyes dimmed. So it was as he had suspected. *I have grown weary.* 

He could see her get married now. Could see her grow old. Death had fulfilled his promise to him after all. 

&nbsp; 

He had become Death.

*****

r/AlannaWu