“We were wrong.  Planet inhabited.  Do not send rescue.”

These were the words that sent a loud, bustling command center into a deathly silence.  Everyone stared at the big screen before them.  Gawking at the words that projected in massive text.  Even the Marines on station couldn’t help but be awestruck at the message that had been transmitted not even a minute ago.

“S-someone get Fleet Admiral… He’s gonna want to see this,” said the stuttering Ensign standing at the back with accompanying COs watching the screen with him.

One of the Marines immediately left his post and rushed to get to the Admiral’s office that was three floors above them.  The long, glass hallway that he ran through had a beautiful view of Florida’s coastline, but none of that mattered now. Not when a whole colonization mission had just been possibly disrupted by hostile alien life.

The Marine ran down the hall, flying past and just barely moving out of the way of two oncoming crewmen that were both carrying large stacks of papers in their hands.  One of the crewman even gave off an angry, “What the hell,” as the Marine ran by. He finally got to the North Wing elevator, and frantically pressed on the button several times, even though it only took one press to call it down.

The sound of the approaching elevator began, and after what felt like hours the door slid open and gave off the iconic *ding* once the doors fully opened.  The Marine hurried inside and searched for the *3* button on the side panel.  His racing thoughts mixed together with the height of the situation to make it seem impossible for him to find the little button.

“C’mon, where is it… Oh, here it is,” he tapped on the Floor Three button, and the elevator doors slid shut as it began to ascend to the next two floors.  The Marine tapped his foot as he waited for the doors to open again. Once more, what should’ve been a few seconds felt like a few hours, but the doors, as they have always done, opened to allow the Marine to exit.

Fleet Admiral Johnson sat in his office with his right-hand man, Commander Peterson.  Johnson looked out upon the coast with a cigar placed in the corner of his mouth, standing tall and firm as he gazed upon the sparkling ocean.  He took the cigar out from his mouth and turned for his chair.

“Have I told you why I decided to leave my position in the Navy and take up a spot in this new program the UN created, Commander,” he asked as he sat in his cushioned desk chair, putting his cigar back in and taking a light puff from it.

“No, sir, I don’t believe you have.  In fact, you’ve spoken little about your Navy days ever since you recruited me.” Peterson said, he sat up straight to give more attention to the Admiral.  Admiral Johnson extinguished his cigar in an ashtray that sat on his left side, and leaned forward with his arms crossed.

“Well, it was to discover the unknown.  That’s why I joined the Navy; to join the Navy SEALS and explore the unknown of the ocean.  Of course, I spent more time on land in the SEALS than I did in sea, but it was for the same reason nevertheless.”  Commander Peterson was intrigued. *To explore the unknown* he thought.  Well, Admiral Johnson was going to have a rude awakening with that.  It’s 2047, and NASA is still trying to find a way to even begin a project that would allow them to build a ship capable of space travel, but the Commander knew he knew that, so what unknown is it that he wants to explore?

Before the Admiral could continue, a Marine had abruptly burst through the door, panting heavily as he tried to speak, “Fleet… Admiral… You need to - oh, God - come downstairs… There’s something you need to see.”

The Commander, agitated by the Marine’s informal arrival, stood up and got close to the Marine, “God dammit, Marine!  Is that how you address your-” “Stand down, Commander. Let him speak,” Admiral Johnson interrupted Peterson’s lecture, and looked back to the Marine, “Now, what’s so important that you had to run all the way here from the command center?”

The command center was still in silence.  Some people had left the room to go collect their thoughts, some had sat down at their chairs and just sipped at their coffee, and other still stood staring at the big screen.  The quietness lingered until it was suddenly interrupted by a collection of footsteps and the Admiral’s voice, “Jesus Christ, Wilson, it’s a simple colonization mission, how could you-” he came to a sudden halt upon reading the message portrayed on the big screen.  The color from his face had gone completely white.

Ensign Wilson turned to face the Admiral.  Commander Peterson soon entered behind Johnson and had a different reaction compared to the rest, “Ah, you can’t be serious!  Is this a joke, Ensign? Are you and all of your fairy friends playing some sort of joke on us?!” He got up close and grabbed the Ensign’s collar violently.

“N-no, Commander! I swear, it’s not!  We got this message at 0100! Just ten minutes before you got down here!  None of this was done by any of us!” The Ensign began to tremble in fear.  The Commander was known for being a harsh person, that’s why Johnson had recruited him.  He could straighten anyone within a quick minute.

Commander Peterson got face to face with the Ensign, and said with a stern voice, “This better not be some sort of joke, and if it is, you better make sure I don’t find out about it.”  He released the Ensign with a forceful shove that sent him back a few steps. Wilson straightened himself out and approached the Admiral once more, “What are our orders, Admiral?”

Admiral Johnson stopped looking at the big screen, and lowered his head to think.  What could any of them really do? It’d be another few months before another ship was ready, and then a few more weeks before a rescue team touchdowned on Mars.  There was one option though, one classified for only top UN and Naval officials to know. He brought his head back up and looked over at the Ensign, “Get the UN Headquarters on the line, tell them you need to speak to Quarter.”

Without another word, Ensign Wilson nodded and left for the Comms Center to phone the UN Headquarters.  Admiral Johnson looked back at the big screen once more, “You know why I took this position, Commander,” Peterson looked at the Admiral in curiosity, Johnson turned, and what he said next sent a chill down Peterson’s spine, “I took the position because the UN needed me for when this day finally came.”