These days it seemed as if most of my life was spent pacing. Pacing my bedchambers, pacing the throne room, pacing in the grand halls of the castle. Always pacing. What was it with dragons and stealing princesses anyway? Was their meat more succulent than other humans, did the royal blood within their veins give them some special power, or was it all just a scheme to add to the growing mounds of gold in their labyrinthine lairs? Whatever the reason, I had been awaiting the return of my dear Emmeline for far too long. 

The moment the foul beast had swept down from the sky, fire licking from the corners of its mouth, and swept my daughters carriage away in its talons the call went out. The King's Daughter has been kidnapped by a fearsome Dragon, any who slays the beast and returns her will be rewarded handsomely. That was a month ago, an entire thirty days almost to the hour, and not a single knight or adventurer had managed to bring back my darling little girl. 

The Dragon in question was a mighty beast, likely capable of taking out entire armies with a single expulsion of its molten breath from its brown scaled mouth. It would take one skilled in espionage and thievery to steal my daughter from its clutches, no normal soldier would do. I slumped back down into my throne, maybe it was time to abandon all hope, surely the beast would have either eaten her or made its demands known by this time. The chances are my little girl was dead. I let my head fall into my hands and let out a harsh sob, a very unkingly act to take, but my desperation and rage had turned to the rolling waves of sadness that often accompany the loss of a loved one too quickly for me to be able to keep a handle on outward appearances. 

A distant bell tolled. Then another, closer this time, and another still. The warning bells of the settlement were tolling near and far, which could only mean one thing, on top of all else that had gone wrong over the course of the month we were under attack. 

“My liege,” an attendant gasped, tearing open the door of my throne room and rushing in, it must be bad for the servants to so easily forget their place. 

“What is it boy, we may be under attack but do not forget your place in my presence so simply,” I snarled, banishing my tears and raising up to my full royale stature. 

“No my Lord,” the servant said, dropping to one knee hastily. “We are not under attack, it is your daughter, she has been retrieved!” 

Anger. Rage. Despair. It is quite a shock at how these emotions can be so easily torn away, revealing the pulsing hope below like a scab being torn from a wound to let the blood run free. 

“If what you say is true, then why do the warning bells toll as they are?” I queried, in case this were some form of trap. 

“My Lord, please do not think me as a jester, but your daughter was rescued by… a dragon,” he said. 

“A dragon?”

                                                                         XxX

I stepped out into the courtyard, and as clear as day, a dragon stood in its center. The beast was large, even for its kind, and yet its green scales glittered in the sunlight with a dangerous elegance. Its snout was long and tapered to a point, sharp teeth sticking out at all angles, ready to make the soft flesh of any bystander its next meal. The creature had clearly seen many battles, it's emerald scales in places cracked and warped from the blades of men and the talons of its own kind. Beneath one of its clawed feet sat the very familiar, if not battered and beaten, form of my daughters carriage- with her dirty and scared face peeking out through the window. 

“Emmeline, my darling girl!” I called out, her features immediately breaking into a smile. 

“Papa! Please, save me!” She shouted back. 

“Hush now little humans,” the Dragon said, shaking the carriage beneath its claws. 

My hand tightened on the pommel of my sword. “Ho, Dragon, why have you come to the land of man with my daughter secured so dangerously beneath your feet?”

“Ho, Little ruler, I come for the reward that you promised for her safe return,” The Dragon replied, its mouth stretching into a sinister grin to reveal all its pointed teeth.

“Watch your tone, you speak with royalty, beast,” I warned, trying to keep my anger in check. 

“Watch your tone,” the dragon mocked, tongues of flame spitting out from between its teeth as it chuckled, “it is your daughter that rests beneath my feet.” 

“Now now,” I cautioned, releasing my grip on my sword, “I am sure we could come to some sort of… arrangement.” 

“Yes," the dragon replied, I do believe that we could.” 

                                                                                  xXx

The Dragon landed with a heavy thump, folding its majestic wings back onto its body, and dropped one of the two bags of gold it had onto the ground in front of itself. 

“Rulers are getting far too easy to fool these days,” the Dragon said, “Though I must say it was a genius idea to steal princesses and then bring them back again for the reward, it really is much more efficient.” 

“Well what can I say,” A second dragon said, its brown hide slinking out from the darkness of the cave of which it had been hiding. “I was tired of having to eat the scrawny things when their fathers didn’t pay up. Now I don't have to pick bones out of my teeth, and we both make some cash. 

The two dragons laughed, picked up their freshly scammed coin, and took to the skies once more, ready to scam the rulers of all the kingdoms in the world.  
