8 hour before the end.

"Villainy has made me more honest with myself."

"It's as if casting away all my emotions have made me understand them more."

"I feel weird...I shouldn't be feeling this! Why am I feeling this?"

"Why does she make me feel this way? I-I should hate her...but I love her," thought James Clinch, AKA Master of Evil. The villain, Master of Evil, has been the reigning champion of all things nefarious in New Dawn City. To meet this threat to all that is good is the heroine, Krystal Hanway, better known as Gal Galaxy. The two has been fighting for three years now and it seems like nothing has changed until now. He noticed the reason why his plans were becoming sloppy, why she was winning easier and easier. He was letting her win and he didn't even know, however this realization came in a rather pleasant message.

James had a dream the night before. It was a dream of him being happy. Him and her being happy together. The dream felt so far away, but so real it caused him to feeling a emotion he has long since forgot, the feeling of love. So today, he dawned his darkened hood and crimson suit with a new plan. He will end his battle once and for all.
He spent that 7 hour putting together an elaborate scheme just for his to the best of his abilities. The Master of Evil knew that this will be his final battle with the gallant heroine that has saved the day countless times. The thought has been running through his head all these hours and it only fueled his determination. "Only a hour left until everything changes...a hour until the end," James thought to himself as he set things into motion.
On the clock, the villains trap was sprung. It seemed like a dream when the monument, known as the "Tower of Dawn" disappeared from its foundation. The monument was the symbol of the city and all its hardships. To steal the monument was like stealing the city itself. The evil master knew this quite well, and he knew the chaos such an act would stir inside the people. It will only be minutes until a certain space-themed helmet and leotard wearing hero would come on the scene to investigate.

Gal Galaxy appeared at the scene of the crime. She was in total shock by the disappearance, but she knew only one person was capable. "Master of Evil," she whispered to herself as she pressed a button on her helmet to scan for clues. However, upon pressing the button video appeared on her HUD instead. Gal Galaxy was caught off guard, but she knew she had to watch it, "he is toying with me I just know it," she said in a hush whisper. The video began to play and it showed a dark hood man standing in a oddly dim room. The figure spoke,
"Quick to get to business aren't you Gal Galaxy?"

"What are you planning? Are you planning on holding the monument for ransomed so the city to get it back?" Said the hero, impatiently.

The figure replied instantly, "This is a prerecorded message, but I assume you were asking why I would steal the 'Tower of Dawn'? Well there is a good reason for it. But I won't tell you why, you will have to find me and then I'll tell you the answer."

She frowned a little displeased over the circumstance. She replayed the video at least a dozen times, trying to comb through for any clues of where he might be. Gal Galaxy always knew the Master of Evil was good at playing Hide-and-Seek, but she knew he'd slip up. Then one small clue came to her attention, which caused her to grin with glee under her mask. A soft green light was glowing in the far back of the video, which allowed her to see a faint logo in the dark, a logo for an infamous car dealership that went under about two years ago. She had him now.

James wasn't dumb; he was the Master of Evil after all. He wanted her to find him so the next part of his plan could come to fruition. It only took 5 minutes until he heard the famous warping noise that came when Gal Galaxy uses her ability to manipulate space. He watched as the one clear spot in the room began to distort and change as if the space around it has been rippled like a stone being dropped into the water. Then out stepped Gal Galaxy...the sight almost made the Master's legs to give out. The heroine quickly taken notice of the villain and yelled out in confidence, "It's over for you Master of Evil! You are getting sloppy, maybe you should call it quits before things get serious."

Her voice, a voice he has heard about a hundred times, a voice that has always held kindness and oozed self-confidence, a voice that at this moment made him pause for just a moment on each word that arose. It felt like he was listening to an old tune that he heard over and over and still never got old. But, he had no time to stay tranced as he lifted his hand and a red smoke formed from the tips. Quickly the smoke surrounded the hero and she countered by making the smoke fan out through space.

The two have fought so many times that they know each other's moves, which is why the Master of Evil had to think outside the box. "You know I hate not putting on a show for my guest, so how about I change things up a little?" said the villain as he covered himself in his red smoke. Gal Galaxy used her powers to cause the smoke to disappear, but he was gone.

"The plan is working, but why am I doing this? I'm the the ruler of all that is heinous. The red cloud of wickedness," said James as he sweated in a secret room. He felt his heart was beating any he couldn't contain himself. Even the red smoke that floated from beneath his cloak was taking weird shapes, he could of sworn he seen a little red heart. He shook his head and tried to get a hold of himself. "I still have another step in my plan that I need to do before the end."

Gal Galaxy was feeling more confused than ever; she has faced this man every week since their first faithful encounter a couple years ago. It was back when she was still new and her powers have only recently appeared, and around that time a new meta said to be able to control mystical red smoke that could taint, trap, or form whatever they desired. She has always beat him, but he always got away, maybe he was taking it easy on her? The thought crossed her mind, but she dispelled it as nonsense.

She glanced out the window at the sun that was just setting. She always liked watching the sunset, but it seem she would have to miss it for now. Then it dawned on her...the sky was unusually red. Then panic struck her as she began to realize what was going on. She quickly used her powers to appear outside of the dealership and her eyes trained on the red sky. "H-He couldn't have!" she said in shock, the whole sky was covered in a red cloud which she never noticed until now. His plan was beginning to unveil one giant scheme. The Master of Evil stole the monument to cover up for a bigger plot, he was going to take over the city in one swoop.
(Continue below)