Heraclius was raised as a colonial. His father had set roots in a recently established colony after his time in the military. Haraclius' father was an officer in the Legion that gained the rank of Tribune after a long and rather successful career. He, however, was an abrasive individual that ruined his prospects in the political sphere, and as such settled on the fringes of the frontier in a self-imposed exile.

Despite being on the Empire's frontier, the colony was already a thriving commercial hub connecting several interstellar trade routes with Roma and foreign powers. The colony was founded on a fertile moon that a fallen advisory had ceded to the Empire through treaty. Because they had the good sense to not seek their own destruction in a foolish prolonged war, the Empire left most of the people's social and political institutions intact; they just added a new Roman layer at the very top. The colony, Amphios VI, serves as the capital of the region and hosts the largest Roman population. It is here that Heraclius lives and works.

Aliens have a common misconception that only humans could be Romans. This is false. Citizenship was a legal and social status, not a racial one, and could be and is doled out to members of Rome's xeno community who are deemed worthy. This isn't to say there is a lack of racism or that humans aren't the dominant species in the empire, but Rome's successes in and antiquity and now is predicated in integrating conquered peoples. As a part of this process, Heraclius works in a quasi-public outreach role, working to coordinate efforts with the local government and the imperial one while providing the local xeno species a focal point and contact with imperial administration. The office he works with is always busy and filled with a wide variety of species and social statuses. 

"Patron! Patron," a small xeno child called out "My father told me you were the man to speak to if there is an emergency."

Heraclius recognized the child. He was the son of a prominent merchant who has been working hand in hand with the Roman imperial administrators. This made him a target for the radicalized elements that seek to remove Rome from what was once their home. 

"What is it. What is so troubling that you come here unattended?" Heraclius asked with a slight chuckle being familiar with the boy and his family.

"Father's office has been attacked! An explosion."

Heraclius put his hand at the crown of his head and began messaging his temples. He had feared this would happen.

"Is everyone safe? Are there any more dangerous elements? I need to know before we make any moves."

"He's hurt, badly. Mother and my sisters weren't there. Some of the workers and customers are dead."

"Any humans? Anybody that looks like me or who you know was a citizen?"

An angered look flashed across the boy's face.

"This is not about saving humans." Heraclius said to defuse the boy's frustration. "If they attacked the offices of your father, they did so to send a message to us, to me. They could have targeted you to kill humans as well. I need to know because it can have very dangerous consequences. Do you understand?"

The boy took a moment. "Yes, there are Romans who were killed"

Heraclius sighed. "Fuck me.” He turned to the child. “Wait here, I'll find a way to get you and your family to safety. I need to speak to some important people."

Attacks on Romans weren't taken lightly. These guerrilla fighters might have just brought a full-fledged occupation. Humans are seldom used in these operations, but instead are usually the commanders of these soldiers. Xeno species willing to serve in the armed forces make up the bulk of occupying forces. They are expendable as opposed to human soldiers. In times of peace they work in coordination with the civilian government, but in times of unrest and conflict, they supersede the civilian administration. 

"I do not want to talk to this woman." he continually said to himself as he sat in an egg-shaped pod that was connected to the various offices of the capital complex. With the press of a few holographic buttons, the egg levitated off the ground and was propelled forward to its destination. It was the military wing. All the staff here worked in some capacity with the armed force. The woman, Lavinia, in question was a veteran of several campaigns, working directly underneath Heraclius' father. He served as her role model and helped advance her career. What may have been good relations between the two have soured given their different views of the occupation and how it should be carried out. He wishes to simply integrate the people and their society into the fabric of the empire while she wants to dismantle and break them to better fit into the machinery. He feared that this would give her the excuse to carry out her policies. He stepped out the pod and saluted the military officials before entering lion’s den.

She sat there at her desk looming over a projection of the city with the location of the traders' shop already pinged. The office was a buzz; they must have heard about the attack as well.

“Marcus’ shop.” He said as her attendants busily carried out their duties. “He’s a citizen and has been helping us with the occupation. His son came here and told me, but evidently, you already knew.”

“We only just got confirmation of the terrorist attack. Besides, I expected you to know since you seem to be an expert on these people.”

“If I had a full intelligence network at my disposal, it would help.” He took a long breath. “Look, let us take care of this problem quietly. It will not look good if the administration is seen as incompetent.”

“But you have been.” A man’s voice called out. His name is Constants, and he was Lavinia’s assistant.

“Can I talk to my wife without you interrupting.” He turned back to her. “This will not look good for either of us because I know you promised everything is going smoothly.”

“You cannot be serious.” Constants complained. “We need to al…”

“Heraclius is correct.” Lavinia interrupted. “This reeks of incompetence. Before we go to the triarii, we should see if we can handle this in house. Heraclius, see if you can use your contacts to see what information we can gather. We will start covert patrols in trouble spots and start our own investigation.” 

Heraclius was relieved. He approached her and gave her a kiss on her left cheek, a clear sign between them of his appreciation of her decision. She had suffered an injury in the field that left her nearly dead. Most of the left side of her body was composed of bionic prosthetics that gave her a fearsome appearance. Everything from her internal organs, her left eye, and the whole of her left arm were either integrated with biotic implants or were completely machine. During the recovery process, she felt less than whole. The kiss was something that he has done in the past to show his affection for all of her.  He started to walk away when she reached out and told him to follow her to a more secluded area.

“We will try to keep this under wraps, but I am not sure we can handle it ourselves.”

“I understand. If it gets out of hand, I’ll agree to what you see fit. But, we have to at least try.”

“No, you do. I just have to follow orders and keep the peace.” She said as she walked away, leaving him to himself. 
