  

The short, greenish, humanoid waddled up the ramp into the cargo bay. His movement triggered an automatic air refresher which spritzed him with fresh laundry smell. He collapsed on the ground with a shriek. 

“You forgot to dishable your trapsh!” the size of his people’s tongues gave them all a strong lisp. He twirled the small stick he’d been carrying above his head. A stream of sparks built up around it with each spin until he thrust it at the small device, which exploded into a spray of plastic bits. “Don’t worry. I have shaved ush from itsh poishonoush gashesh.” 

“That things only purpose is to make things smell better. You basically just blew up a scented candle.” Paulene had spent the last thirteen hours explaining a phone to these people. She was getting tired of their “blow up first, ask questions later, at some point in the middle ask for a reward for blowing up your new phone” attitude. 

“Sho, it’sh shome form of enchanting magic eh. Shoundsh low level.” He got up and investigated the charred spot he had made. 

“Not magic. Just scented liquid in a spray bottle. Look, I didn’t bring you on this ship to blow up small appliances. I need your help with something actually magic based.” Paulene wasn’t the tallest person, but she towered over the native peoples. 

“Captureoush at your service M’lady” he bowed. 

“This way,” She led him deeper into the ship. The crew starred in wonder at the first alien contact brought back to the ship. The pair reached an elevator. She called it down then turned to face Captureoush. “We are entering an elevator. The door will close behind us and after a few seconds of moving it will open back up to a different room, no magic is involved, and it isn’t a trap. You cast a single spell while were inside it and I’ll curb stomp you into a green paste. Got it?” her glare had kept a crew of adventurous youths, all taller and stronger than herself in line. It nearly caused the little guy to faint. 

“YeshMa’am!” he spurted out. She stared at him in silence.

The moment was broken by a ding announcing the elevator. She walked inside and Captureoush followed. When the door closed Captureoush let out a yelp and began to say an incantation when Paulene’s hand grabbed his throat. 

“Captureoush. What do you think you're doing?” she hissed through gritted teeth. 

“Nothing. Jusht, uh, shinging?” 

“Well don’t,” she released him. 

The elevator let off at the cockpit. The round room had two dozen chairs each in front of their own monitors. Sitting in the chairs were statues frozen in horrified positions, alongside half a dozen chickens walking around and crapping on everything. 

“These are the pilots. Something attacked us and turned them into these things.” 

Capureous smiled, *finally something that makes sense*. “What are you willing to give me?”

“Gold counts as a resource so the ships fabricator can make as much as you want.”

“I don’t need money. I want shomething new.” Capureoush held his hands together imagining his new toy. 

Paulene could see the greed in his eyes. She used a coms panel on the wall, “Jack?”

“Ya boss?”

“Fabricate an iPhone and bring it up to the cockpit.”

“Yes Ma’am.”

She looked at Captureoush and extended a hand. “Deal?”

“Deal.”