I want to tell you about 1999.

Not everyone’s 1999, just mine. Not every woman’s 1999, not every Jew’s 1999, just one 17 year-old girl who worked in NYC at the time.

To get to my workplace in NYC I would take two trains and a car. My dad was the boss. Did I ride with him in his car? No. He said it would build character. If he knew what a 17 year-old girl would be exposed to on the NJ/NY public transit system (spoiler alert: a surprising amount of surprise dude junk) he may have let me ride with him. But he did not.

I’d take the 90 minutes or so to listen to CDs on my CD player. Magnetic Fields had come out with “69 Love Songs” at the end of the summer. Or I’d have a band called Dead Milkmen sing a song called “Beach Party Vietnam” at me. 

I got CDs from my friends, who got them from me, and anything could be on them. My friend Matt once pranked me with 90 minutes of guessing what I was doing on the train. 19 years later, and I wish someone cared enough about me to prank me that hard. Maybe my son will in another twenty years. Bring it, kiddo; I love you.

When I got to the office I would work to fix the Y2K bug. It’s funny, because this was a problem partially invented by my dad that he got paid EVEN MORE MONEY to fix. It was just mm/did/yy in an old computer language, in my case it was called COBOL, and apparently nobody thought any of these systems would last long enough that you’d need the four-year designation. Or one person thought of it, but there was no standardization really and companies always want the cheapest thing that can hobble itself along.

That has not changed, by the way. I have worked corporate at a major financial institution as late as this year (before I was all divorced and homeless) and I can tell you the very heart is still COBOL. No disservice to the 300 other service layers on top, around, and passing by it. But my father’s stuff from when he was my age is in too many damn systems today, and I respect the man. That said, we should have updated by now.

So yes, in 1999 I was getting paid $10 hourly and billed $100 for my time. Good for my dad for getting some return on his investment in me. All the years I sat watching him program and smoke cigarettes, and I know never to smoke cigarettes and I picked up enough code to impress a cute boy who I then married.

I guess now I’m going to have to learn to program again. Getting off-topic again.

The Prince song about 1999 did proportionately play heavily back then. ICQ was a chat program where the users were numbered, and it was cool to have a low number. Mine was really, really low. Slashdot may not have been there yet, but it was like Reddit technology meets the news, it also numbered its users, and I loved it.

Since there was no internet I made fashion out of whatever fit and went with it. The internet is great and terrible. Today I can come here for divorce advice, fashion advice, etc. I will get some great stuff. I will also get told to die in a dumpster fire. It’s weird.

Like, both my parents accidentally peaced out right before 9/11. Left their phones at home, assumed the other one was there, went to go have sex with other people. The reason I remember 9/11 in NYC is because I was covering for my dad. He was in Europe or something. Mom flat out disappeared. I had two minor siblings and I had to suddenly be a parent to tweens when I was 18.

And we had PROPERTY. Payroll. People needed to get paid. I needed to help pay them. My youngest sister got her first period and I literally called 411 to ask what the best advice to give her was. 411. Because I needed an adult and though it was not in their goddamn mission charter, they tried and she doesn’t report trauma, so yay them, and yay me.

Reddit, that was my 1999ish. The year ended with a party at a friend’s house. We rushed outside with pots and pans and made a big noise because it was the millennium and we were millennials, and that wasn’t a bad word yet. It was the happiest I have ever been until my son said “moma” for the first time. 

If you had told me what today looks like, I would have first accused you of being on drugs. Then I would ask why we took the wrong parts of Star Trek out of Star Trek.

My collected wisdom, having lived in the past and present:

1) Nobody will ever be a bigger or better advocate for you than yourself. Be interested, invested, and alert.

2) Be nice to people when you can. It’s the right thing to do, and it pays off in weird ways you may not expect. Plus it feels amazing.

3) Find or create a circle of friends and family and do not lose them. Relationships take work and time. I got depressed and allowed my spouse to isolate me over the course of years. When I needed help nobody was left to help me.

Yes, by the way, you. You reading this suspecting that this is your wife. It is. Read my post history about how much I loved you and for how long. Please stop trying to destroy me; we both agree we love the baby. We have to show him how to break up well even though I know neither of us has ever been shown how. I am willing to give up property, anything, but not our son’s future well-being. It is the only thing I will ever fight you about. 

Which brings me to Item 4.

4) Even if your parents were shitty, parenting is fucking difficult. It does things to people. Weird things. Intelligent people will start off with the purest desire to give a child a better deck of cards than the deck they started off with - heck, I won’t hide behind they, I did - and will spend years fighting with this concept. I am now. The only thing I have learned from parenting is that everyone poops and I know nothing. Graduate degrees up my nose and out my butt. I know nothing. Parenting is METAL. If anyone got it right, always feel free to PM me something that works. My son is only two.

And that’s my 1999 vs. my 2018. People said to go nuts with the prompt, so I rambled a bit. Thanks for reading if you got this far.