 I’m sitting in the nosebleed section. Sure the seats suck, but I’ve got a cheesy hotdog and cold beer. Life’s good. Damn good.  

Well, I mean life is okay. Honestly the seats aren’t the problem. It’s just that ever since I traded the Hummer for a minivan life’s been a little boring. It’s not I don’t love my wife. I do. More than anything. And it’s not I’m not excited for our son to be born, I’m going to be doing a touchdown dance on the day he joins us. But god damn. I’d be lying if I didn’t miss the life of a marine. The office job I have is good for my family, but it’s destroying my soul. I wasn’t made to live life in the bleachers, I was born to be in the game. 

God damn it. In front of me I see some asshole watching the game on his phone. We’re here live and he’s using his phone. The world is going to waste. I’m about to ask him if he’d like me to bring my 50 inch TV up here next match, when I notice we score a touchdown from a 35 ft pass on his screen. Strange. I look up. Transfixed, I watch the play happen in real time. Deja Vu. 

I don’t tell my wife who’s next to me. I don’t want to worry her. God forbid too much stress affects our little boy growing inside her. But I’m feeling odd. Not scared, but confused. Then I catch a glimpse of a earpiece in his right ear. I laugh. That’s what this is. I’m on some YouTube or TV show prank. I look around and wave to the cameras, wherever they are. I make a few shocked and confused faces. But there’s no reveal. 

45 minutes later I’m still a non-believer that this man is watching 30 seconds into the future. Yet I pull out my own phone discreetly. I don’t want my wife to see, but for the past few months I’ve been using an app to make bets. A man needs some excitement in his life. I begin watching the screen over his shoulder more intensely now, waiting for an opportunity to make a bet. Perfect. My wife gets up to go to the bathroom, so it will be even easier to make a bet and some fast money.

Are you kidding me? Now I’m ready to start betting, this guy stops has changed the view from the game to crowds in the stands. Idiot. But then the idiot puts his finger to his earpiece and says, “All assets converge to the stairwell in bay 31. He’s wearing a black beanie and brown jacket. I repeat: Converge on stairwell in bay 31.” 

I spot the guy he’s talking about on his screen. He’s loitering. He looks like one of those kids that I bullied in high school. You know, like he’s trying so hard to fit in that he stands out. 

I see my wife enter the screen on his cell phone. She’s walking towards him. Shit. Shit. Shit. Bay 31 is where I’m sitting. My wife is getting closer when the screen goes white. 

“The threat will detonate in 30 seconds. I repeat the threat will detonate in 30 seconds. Where the hell are you guys?” The man says. I reach down and press the stop button on his phone. I press it again. Nothing happens to the phone but he pushes me away. 

I don’t know what I’m doing. The reality hasn’t clicked in my brain. But I get up and run. I run to the stairway and see my wife with her pregnant belly 20 feet away. I rush by her accidently knocking her down. Then I see the threat in the black beanie and brown jacket. I lower my centre of gravity and tackle him hard. A white light takes over. 

I wake up in the hospital. I look around, at first not remembering the football game and terrorist attack. I think I’m there to see my son get born. I ask the doctor, “Where’s my wife? Is my son here already?” He looks away. 

Six months later I’m back at another football game. I don’t have a hotdog and beer in my hand this time. I have the same Deja Vu cell phone in my hand that I saw that man with the earpiece holding. I’m one of those men now. 

My actions saved many lives that day. When I tackled the terrorist, the force disengaged his suicide vest. But my actions also cost a life that day. When I rushed past my wife, I knocked her down. I guess she hit her belly. And my son, my son. Well, there’s no point talking about it. You can probably guess. My wife and I haven’t been talking about it either. We haven’t been talking at all. 

The next day I received a visit from the man with the earpiece and his friends. I say friends, but they’re CIA. Or maybe FBI. I won’t confirm or deny exactly who we are. Yeah, we. The next day I went and asked to join up with them. At first they said no, but after vetting my military record they gave me a shot. 

Truth be told, they wouldn’t usually take a guy like me into their program. But they need help. The reality is, we’re losing this war. Everyday the world gets more dangerous. Technology and terrorists are a scary combination. The fact is, dumb luck stories where ordinary people like me have prevented a terrorist attack are far too common these days. We worry we won’t stop the next one. Hell, I’ve already lost my son.

You know I’m not supposed to talk about our operations, especially our new technology. But I think you need to know. We need help. Your help. Us agents can’t be everywhere. I can’t be everywhere. When life calls you up to take down the opposition quarterback, for the love of god and country, put your head down and drive with your shoulder. We’re all in this together. 

Be ready. 