"Goodbye Victoria." Zed was lying in a hospital bed, dying. This time it was lung cancer that had gotten him. For the past two weeks, he had been on a ventilator that was helping him out, but he knew it was only a matter of time. Zed however, was used to it at this point. Hell, how could you not be used to it the 89th time?

"No, honey, don't talk like that." She wept, but she knew that the truth was all too close. As Zed looked up at her, with her big blue eyes that had tears rolling out of them, he almost felt sad. But honestly, it was just hard for him to be sad about losing another significant other. He had one in all but 7 of his lives, and though Victoria was pretty high up on the lists of his favorites, he still found himself unable to feel bad for her. As the room was full of his loved ones, as well as many doctors, he found it impossible to breath, until he finally started to get that feeling again. The first 10 times, it was terrifying, but at this point, he was used to it.

"Back once again I see Harrison". Harrison had been his name in his first ever life, and that's what he was referred to in between lives. He looked over and saw a man wearing a red and black flannel, some dirty old blue jeans that appeared as if the knees were starting to wear out on them, and a pair of work boots, that surprisingly looked rather new. He was sitting on a recliner, drinking a beer and watching the news. When the man looked over at him, he got that chill that he got every time he saw those deep, solid black eyes. That's how he knew it was Death.

"89 times has it been now? You know, besides me, you're the oldest fucker in the world. Beer?"

"I don't know, have you finally gotten some better taste, or do you still just drink that shitty Budweiser?"

"Do you forget every time that I can get you whatever drink you want in half a second, or do you just really like fucking with me?"

"The latter," Harrison sarcastically spit out before having a hearty laugh.

"Still like Grey Goose and lemonade on the rocks?" Before Harrison had the chance to respond to the question, there was a glass on the table before him. "You know, I bet this is gonna be the one." Death had been said that the past 85 lives, and every time he sounded less confident.

After Harrison started and sipping his drink, Death opened another beer and a coin appeared in his hand. It was the same coin that they had used every single time, big and gold with "HARRISON" etched in the middle. Then the three words that Harrison had heard many times before. "Heads or tails?"

Harrison thought for a moment before confidently saying, "Tails". He had been thinking about the question his entire life, heads or tails. The thought came up in his mind at least once a day.

Death gave a devious look in Harrison's direction and whispered, "Time to die,you ancient pile of shit." Harrison's response was a simple sneer. Deep down inside however, he was actually incredibly nervous about what was about to happen, as he was every time. But who wouldn't be? It was one of the only things that didn't get easier every time.

The coin launched up into the air, and it seemed to fly up there for ages, even though Harrison knew that in reality it was only a few seconds. When the coin finally landed Death screamed at the top of his lungs, "FUCKING CUNT", and threw the coin into his TV harder than humanly possible. The scream had been so loud that all the windows shattered, and the house shook. The coin had landed on tails, and once again, Harrison got to pick another life.

"Oooh, I think that this time, I wanna be an incredibly attractive 17 year old boy in a small country town in Wyoming, no wait Wisconsin actually. And this time, I think my name will be... Brett? Ryan? You know, this time I think I'll go with Charlie." Throughout the lifetimes, he had found that country girls were always the best in bed. Before he knew it, he found himself in a high school Trigonometry class. He looked around and smiled, knowing he was going to have a great time in this life.

Edit: typo