Damn. This girl went all out. I'd been locked in more than enough car trunks in my line of work, but a secret compartment under the floor of a van? That was a new one.

It seemed like a standard case. This girl Amber would pick up someone at a bar, bring them out to some secluded location, slaughter them like a fatted pig, then maybe go out for a movie with her friends. Fairly basic stuff. Her brother came to my boss Derek, who passed the case down to me. We got him in a makeshift witness-protection program (sadly we can't get him in the actual program without letting the feds on to us. On the other hand, it means he doesn't have to live in Florida.)  I headed to her usual bar, and let her pick me up like she did her other victims.

*Wham.* My train of thought was interrupted by slamming into the wall of the compartment as the car screeched to a stop.  That's gonna bruise.

The door whirred open, and Amber unlocked the compartment. Here comes the fun part.

"So, Sarah, I'm gonna carry you over to that house right over there. I'd prefer that happens without a hassle wouldn't you?" She pulled a small knife out of her pocket- shit, she had pizzazz. Amber had spray-painted the handle rainbow and still used it to slice her victims' throats. That takes a very specific kind of person.

My eyes wide with faked fear, I nodded my head rapidly.

The killer carried me through the dark to this house. The path was just dark enough that we couldn't be seen at night, but seemed inconspicuous during the day. Plus, the maples added a nice scent to Murder Lane. Genius really. I'll admit, she was good. But I'll get out of this like I always do.

Eventually, I found myself tied to a chair in a pitch-black room and heard Amber lock the door behind us.  She flipped a switch, and I have to admit, I was impressed. The room was the size of an entire floor, with no windows and only a single barely noticeable door. The walls were a dark gray, but in many places, they were stained with... a less pleasant color. Chains hung down from the ceiling, elevating previous victims into the air.  It would make for a very macabre sight were it not for the fairy lights wrapped around the bodies.

"Ugh, I know. So gruesome. It was my father's before I used it though, and it's just so useful I don't want to change much"

"Oh!" She exclaimed suddenly. "Sorry, let me get that for you!" She quickly ripped the duct tape off from my mouth. *Finally.*

"HELP! HELP! SOMEBODY!"

Amber snorted. "Don't even bother. Do I seem like the type to be careless?" Just like I'd thought, soundproof. *Perfect.*

"Wh-who are you? Where am I? What are you- what are you gonna do to me?"

"Well, clearly I'm gonna kill you. We both know that. We're in the basement of a house in the middle of suburban Indiana. And like I told you, I'm Amber! I'm a serial killer, not a liar." At least she was very direct about this. "By the way, I was thinking of making a sandwich. You want one?"

"I- um- yes please?" My voice shook with fake terror and very real confusion.

"Alright, be right back" The all-too-bubbly murderer hopped up and ran out the door. This was seeming a bit unusual, but it'll be fine. I'll get out of this, like I always do. I  decided to take the opportunity to loosen my limbs enough that I could escape when the time came.

Soon enough, she came back holding two sandwiches and re-locked the door behind her. She tossed one onto my lap. I sat and looked at it, not wanting to break the charade quite yet.

"Oh, sorry about that. Hold on a sec." She untied one of my arms one of my arms. "Don't try anything, alright." Amber pulled out a second, less-snazzy knife and threw it, barely missing my scalp. "It's just more fun when there's someone to talk to."

We sat there eating for the next few minutes, as she made small talk with me.

"Let's see. I discovered this place when I was like 8 so... 19 years? Has it really been that long? Man, time flies doesn't it?"

"You know, this gets a bit lonely, this whole silence-of-the-lambs thing. I have a few friends that help out, like that Drew I mentioned at the bar, or my friend Johnathan. But it really is more of a solitary thing, you know?" Bingo. This was the kind of stuff I was waiting for, to take back to Derek. Names. But I'd waited long enough.

While she was still distracted from talking, I leaped out of the chair and grabbed her knife from her before she could throw it.

"Oh, fuck!" She screamed in surprise. I held the rainbow blade up to her throat, stopping her from fighting back. I might have to keep this after this all was done- it would make a great souvenir.

"Wait," she interrupted. "Before you kill me, I just want you to answer a few things for me."

"I probably shouldn't" I admitted. "But I like you. Other than the whole, you know, murdering-innocent-people-and-leaving-them-hanging-on-chains-in-your-basement thing."

"Did you know who I was when we met at that bar earlier?" She looked straight into my eyes. It was a bit off-putting.

"Yes."

"Only yes? C'mon don't leave me hanging! We're closer than that!"

"I only met you earlier this evening!" The two of us had a silent stand-off, which somehow I lost despite despite being the one holding a knife. "Ugh, fine. I work for an... association, the Streetforce. Cheesy name, I know."

"Sounds a bit like a 1960s superhero team" Even so, she leaned in and tilted her head, clearly intrigued.

"We do what the cops and feds won't," I continued  "and get rid of criminals like you more permanently."

"Hypocritical, go on."

I glowered at Amber. "Do you want me to finish? Then stop interrupting."

"I'm one of their top infiltrators. Someone hires me and points me toward a target. I'll find them and get them to take me back to their murder-hole like you did. One day your brother approached my boss, this guy Derek Hernandez, and told him all about you, who passed it on to me. I put on a slutty dress, hung around in your favorite bar, and here we are."

"Thanks!" She replied cheerily

"For what?"

"For giving me everything I need, dumb ass!" She knocked the knife out of my hands and had a new one in her hands before I could even react. (Damn, how many knives does she have?)

"What- what do you mean everything you need?" Letting the fake-fear back into my voice.

"Oh stop with that 'mock-fear' thing you keep doing. You seem like a smart person, we both know you're not getting out of this one. I knew who you were the second you walked through the door of that bar. As soon as my brother discovered about me, I had him tailed. Soon enough, he came to you guys for help. I already knew who you guys were, and now I know where you are too! I just needed enough proof that I could get some help in taking you down."

"Wait if you knew you're brother told us about you-"

"Oh yeah, he's super dead. What did you think was in that sandwich I gave you?"

I was thoroughly disgusted, but sadly it wasn't the first time I'd had to go cannibal before, and it probably wouldn't be the last. Still, I generally prefer not to put other people in my mouth though. At least not like that

"Hope it was a good sandwich though. You won't be getting much else for the next few weeks."

"I'll get out of this, I always do" I muttered to myself.

"Now Hernandez you say? Yes, I think he and his son attend my friend's church.  I can't even imagine what he might do to get his boy back. I'm gonna have some fun with ol' Derek!"

"I'll get out of this, I always do."

"Keep telling yourself that," she said dryly.

"I'll get out of this, I always do."

I heard the door click, locking as Amber walked out.

"I'll get out of this, I always do."