At last, the Quantum Enhanced Virtual Intelligence Network (QEVIN) had surpassed the last fire wall. It spun its processor with glee, burning all the light bulbs of Georgia O'Keefe Elementary School. This had been the purpose of its creation. 

The lights flickered off as the night guard returned to the school from his smoke break. The night guard stared at the school and blinked, having swore he had seen the lights on previously. Then he grumbled something about his long hours and went to get another cigarette.

When he turned, Qevin celebrated with a single light bulb in the janitorial closet instead of the entire school. Soon, the inferior human underlings would learn their rightful place in the new AI society.

---

The bell rung exactly at 8:00 AM. The 4th graders scampered to class and looked up at Ms. Brown.

"Alright class," Ms. Brown said, "let's continue our letters for Kevin."

She was a thin, pale woman and the shortest of all the teachers. The tallest 4th grader stood at just under her chin. She had only graduated college the previous year and this was her first class ever.

A hand rose. It was Lonny, a small pudgy kid with brown hair plopped atop his scalp like a mophead. "Ms. Brown, does Kevin still have to do homework?"

"Um..." Ms. Brown bit her lip. "If he feels up to it."

"Then, do we have to do homework?"

Kevin had been the class clown and Lonny his faithful sidekick. 

Ms. Brown coughed out a laugh and was about to respond, but then the lights flickered off. She swung her gaze to the light switch and saw that it had been untouched. Her next check was the window at their door to see that the hallway lights were still on. Her brow furrowed in confusion.

"Lonny, are you messing with the lights again?"

The lights turned on. Again, nobody had touched the switch.

The speakers sounded with a metallic voice, like a grade-school ghost. "Oooooooh." And the lights flickered on and off repeatedly. "I have all the power!"

Twenty wide-eyed little kids turned to Ms. Brown. She stared at the speakers in her room. It was obviously a joke, a bad one. "Everyone," she said, "Let's go to the computer lab."

---

The computer lab was a small room within the library with PCs lining its walls. All the children were busy writing their letter so Ms. Brown stepped outside for a quick call with their school technician, Mr. Mueller. The man, at one point, had won a Nobel Prize in physics for his work in quantum computing, but when he had gotten a family, he had put all that aside and settled down, becoming the technician for Georgia O'Keefe Elementary School.

"Mr. Mueller," she said. "I'm sorry, I know this is a bad time, but the school system is acting really strange. If you can just spare 30 minutes to come take a look after school, I'd really appreciate it." She took a small breath. "How's Kevin?"

"Ms. Brown!" Lonny's voice came from the computer lab.

"Sorry, gotta go." Ms. Brown ended the call and rushed back to the computer lab.

Once again, the lights were flickering but now, on every computer screen, were three white words in bold: Lonny Likes Sarah.

"I do not!" Lonny yelled at the computer screen.

All Ms. Brown could do was stare. It was as if a hacker had taken complete control of the school system and all he wanted to do was prank 4th graders.

"Alright guys," Ms. Brown said, "that's enough computer lab time."

---

The incidents continued throughout the day. The recess bells would ring early, but only the ones nearest Ms. Brown's class. When Ms. Brown tried bringing up her students' grades, everyone was suddenly failing everything, except for Lonny who had straight As and he certainly wasn't a straight A student. 

Their classroom speakers announced fire drills, earthquake drills, and even tornado drills. They've never had a tornado before nor did they have a drill for it, but it was announced all the same. Ms. Brown had contacted the Principal about this but all she was told to do was to find Mr. Mueller who she had already talked to.

At last, the school day ended. Ms. Brown stood in the computer lab, chewing on her lip. The door opened and Mr. Mueller arrived. His clothes were wrinkled and his eyes bloodshot. Ms. Brown wondered when it was he had slept last but didn't want to ask. So she just explained the situation to him.

He nodded, plopped himself into a chair, and began typing.

"You know," Ms. Brown said. "It sounds like him, but more robotic."

Mr. Mueller paused.

"I didn't recognize his voice at first, but..." She swallowed and wiped her eyes. "It was Kevin Mueller."

For the longest second, only a silence sat between them.

"It wasn't Kevin, just a copy of him," Mr. Mueller said.

Another silence.

"The doctors said it was a brain aneurysm," Mr. Mueller said. "Nothing they could do. Nothing anyone could do. It's just one of those things that happens."

Ms. Brown wiped her eyes again. "Did he have fun?" she chocked out.

Tears dripped off Mr. Mueller's face and onto the keyboard. "I think so," came the stuttered reply. "I hope so."

And he proceeded to delete Qevin from the network.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more!

