So here it is. High school. Everyone always gets so hyped up for it, and everyone is disappointed when its full of crap. My sister told me that when you get to freshmen year, its the worst year ever. People will shove your head down toilets, pull a wedgie in your undies, and shoot peas at you through straws at lunch. My sister wasn’t the nicest person, but I trusted her on this one. 

My alarm started blaring, I had already woken hours before. I didn’t want to go high school. My hand slowly crept to the snooze button, *click* the blaring faded out. 
*sigh* “another Monday morning. Wonderful” I huffed to myself. 
Despite being promoted to fuckwad school, I still had my own childish hobbies. All throughout my childhood I was convinced I had a superpower I didn’t know about, and every now and then I’d try it out. Bit of flying down the stairs here, put that box there, attempt to listen to my brothers thoughts as he sexted with his two girlfriends. None ever worked, but it was fun to try. I always wondered what it would be like to have a superpower. I could be a superhero! Or a super-villain! Or an anti-hero, like Batman!
*BLARM BLARM BLARM* my alarm went off again, shaking me from my daydream.  Better get up before I’m late, assembly starts at 8.

I slowly slid out from my superman bed covers, rubbing my eyes as I stumbled towards my door to go to the bathroom. 
“JACK! GET UP! YOU’RE GOING TO BE LATE!” My mother yelled up the stairs. “COMING MUM!” I yelled back. I better get my ass moving. 
I quickly peed and went back to my room, throwing on the uniform my mum left me on my desk chair. I ran downstairs to ear breakfast. 
“You’re not planning on going like that are you?” My mum stared at me, looking at the dishevelled uniform and gesturing me to fix it. I sat down at the table, clear I was doing nothing. She pulled me up and started tucking in my shirt. “Mum! I can do it myself!” I whinged. “Eat your breakfast, your lunch is on the table, be good and have a nice first day.” She wished as she finished my shirt with a pat on my head and walked out of the kitchen. I groaned. My brother sitting across from me flicked a cheerio at me. “Jacks going to highschool! Jacks going to Highschool!” He nagged in a nasally voice. I sighed as I rolled my eyes, this was going to be a good day. 

Come 8am, all the freshmen were gathered in the assembly hall, the introductory video was played, and teachers began sorting the classes. I was eventually sorted into a class of what all seemed like nerds, I suppose I fit that picture well. 

Sitting in the hall now in our classes, a girl in my class wouldn’t stop staring at me. After I noticed her, I tried to ignore her. Now back to what I was thinking about, right, the possibilities of how the Joker could have fooled Batman so many tim...*giggle* I looked up to see the girl still staring at me, but wasn’t laughing, but I could hear it. I looked around, everyone was concentrating on the assembly, but this girl was staring at me. 
“What?” I mouthed at her. She giggled again, and thats when I realised she wasn’t laughing out loud. A look of horror crossed her face as she realised I could hear her. Before I could realise what was going on, I got angry that she was invading my brain. *GET OUT OF MY HEAD!* I yelled, staring at her intently. She quickly turned around again, a look of stun on her face. She fell silent. Then the penny finally dropped. 

She is telepathic, wait a second, I’M TELEPATHIC?! 