Log 10-1-03a
Invasion of the Human Empire
Galaxy 736

A new inhabited planet has been discovered in system 87b. Through our cloaked surveillance flyers, we have discerned that the inhabitants call themselves 'humans'. They appear to not be very advanced, as they have barely developed space travel. Our troops are being deployed.

Log 10-1-03b
War with the Human Empire
Galaxy 736

We were not prepared! Enemy weapons are tearing through our troops' plasma membranes. They appear to have high penetration power against enemies. Our weapons are practically useless, as their outer membranes are too strong to be disrupted by our Disassemblers. They also appear to have large energy cannons that fire a high-velocity projectiles, which tear our flyers into pieces using raw explosive power.

Log 10-1-03c
Survival against the Human Empire
Galaxy 736

Our troops have managed to take down some humans using our older model Disintegrators, but they use a lot more power, so we can't hope to hold out for long. Mothership 37g has been taken out of the atmosphere by strange winged vehicles, which blasted it with projectiles that tore apart it's hull. We have managed to recover some Human weapons, they will be described in the next log.

Log 10-1-04
Human Weapons

Type-87b Blaster: A design made mostly of primitive plastic. The inside of the weapon appears to be a thin tube through which their projectiles are propelled. The projectiles are contained in a small casing which is expelled out the side of the weapon when fired. These casings are stored in a small container attached to the weapon that is removed and replaced when empty. The weapon has a small lever on the bottom that appears to ignite a compound inside the casing that propels the projectile. Each projectile seems to automatically move itself into the weapon as the previous one is expelled. There are many variants of this weapon, it seems to depend on the human faction you encounter.

Type-87b Scatterblaster: Similar in design (but not appearance) to the blaster. It propels multiple spherical projectiles, contained in a cylindrical casing. Sometimes it may require a small section at the front to be pulled back in order to ready the next casing for propulsion. The casings are often loaded individually. If any of our troops are caught close range with one of these, they will often explode.

Type-87b Explosive Device: The Humans appear to pull a small ring off of this device and throw it. It seems to explode a few seconds after throwing, clearing out any troops nearby. Careful dissections have revealed gunpowder held inside. It appears to be named as a 'Grenade' by the Humans, as they are heard yelling this when throwing.

Most human weapons seem to be similar to the Blaster, however none have been retrieved as of yet. We will attempt to retrieve more, but it is unlikely that we will survive.