 (Anyone who reads this and would be willing to offer me some advice, I would greatly, greatly appreciate it. I feel like the story has some merit but I've done something to undermine its readability. I don't know what it is but it's not as good as it could be. I would love you forever for the help. Thanks in advance.)   
With a handshake and a laugh, the deal was struck. Tom looked at me and smiled, "You know I'm going to be first, right?"

"Nuh uh! I'll be the one who changes the world!" I said with a defiant, cocky air. "I'm smarter than you anyway!"

Tom raised his eyebrow, looked me in the eye with rising fury, then laughed. Tom was a good friend. Our agreement, to return to this moment in time were we to ever invent time travel, was Tom's idea. I thought it was a good way to test the theory on whether we could actually do it. The fact that neither one of our older selves showed up was proof that we must not have done

***KABLAM***

An ear-splitting sound came from over my shoulder. A tear in the air moved past my head and right in between Tom's eyes. His brains exploded out of the back of his head and I was left standing completely still. Unable to process what was happening in front of my eyes. Was this a dream? I'm dreaming, right? The unbelievable pain in my eyes left me knowing it couldn't be a dream but that was too rational for this moment. Too real. This wasn't reality, this was a horror movie.

I slowly turned my head to see a grizzled man, bearded and bloody, tattered clothes hung from him and he was panting. I saw what looked like a gun out of a science fiction movie in his hand. From the gray in his hair, I would guess he was maybe late 40's early 50's. His eyes turned to mine.

"Fuck!" I screamed as I turned to run. I noticed him lowering the gun as I swung my head around.

"Wait!" he said, in a familiar voice, it was wrong, twisted, but I knew it somehow. "Please wait! I don't want to hurt you, Henry!" He knew my name?

With fear and the understanding that if he wanted me dead I would be dead, I turned back around, slowly, scanning every move he made. He dropped the gun to the ground and stepped back from it. It now lay about 20 feet from him and about 40 feet from me. I considered diving for it but he was bigger and closer.

"Why did you just kill Tom you fucking maniac!? What the fuck is wrong with you, you fucking piece of shit! I'm going to kill..." I was cut off by the man saying, "When you were seven years old you took a kitten from the litter Molly, your sister's cat had. You were playing with it and put it in a Styrofoam cooler and carried it around. You got distracted by something your Mom said and left it there. You found it 6 days later, still in the cooler. It was dead Henry and you buried it in the backyard next to Candy, your English Setter that died the year before. You never told anyone about it. When you think about it, you still weep at how careless you had been. You never meant to hurt her but you were just a kid. You thought she could climb out but she was too small. You cried about it last night, didn't you?" The man said, his voice was calm but still had that contorted familiar sound to it.

"How... how do you know about that! Are you a creep that's been spying on me! What the fuck do you want!" I said, none of this made sense. Who was this guy? Tom's corpse lay over my right shoulder. I turned to look at him. To see if this was all just an illusion. To see if this was real.

"Henry, you won't believe me, because I wouldn't believe what I'm about to say. Henry, the handshake you just made. I'm honoring it. Tom was going to honor it but Tom... Tom had something bad happen to him next year and he started to change because of it. He wasn't the friend you knew after a few years but you stayed close to him. You tried to help him but he was beyond help. He only wanted to hurt people Henry, he was a bad man. I am so sorry. I had to make a choice. Do you kill one innocent person or do you let that person change and hurt other innocents? I don't know if I made the right choice Henry but I made the only choice I could." The man started crying as he finished speaking. He fell to his knees, hands covering his face, and started shaking. On his left hand, in the dead center was a freckle. A freckle I had always had, everyone noticed it. It was bigger than most and really dark. It was a birthmark and this man had it too. I recognized the man's voice.

I deepened my own voice, pulled out my phone, and hit record. "My name is Henry Aberdeen, I am 13 years old, and a man just killed Tom. If you're hearing this, he's probably killed me too!" I said. My heart felt like it was going too fast. My pulse was making it hard to hold the phone. I couldn't see very well but I hit play. I had to.

The voice that greeted me was shakier sounding than I thought it was when I'd said it. The words had a horrible fear laced with them but they proved my guess. They were the same as this man's. The way you sound to others isn't the way you sound to yourself and I knew that. This man was me. From the future? What?

"What are you? How did? Why? I don't..." I passed out.

When I woke up I was lying in my bed. I had my blankets on me and the same clothes I was wearing my dream, that's odd. I stood up and looked at the time, it was 4 PM, what? I had to go meet Tom today. We had planned to go to our fort in the woods and work on the bridge. Why was I wearing my clothes in bed? Then I saw blood spatter on my shirt. It went down the front bottom-right. Just out of my original view. It was enough, I remembered everything. I sat back on the bed and started to cry and shake and cry and shake.

After about an hour or a year, I heard the door open. I turned to see who it was and there I stood. I had taken a shower, I had put on some of my Dad's clothes, and the sadness in my eyes reflected my own.

"Why?" I said, tears staining the words. I needed answers. I deserved fucking answers!

The future me sat down on the foot of my bed and looked back out the door he'd come from. "In one year Tom would have been abducted by a bad man. He would have done things to Tom and hurt him, really, really badly. He found your fort and waited for us to come back one day. I was supposed to meet Tom there but I was running late. When I got there Tom wasn't there but his bad of tools was. I waited for him to come back for four hours. I kept expecting him to walk back in from the woods and say he'd found something cool. After that didn't happen I went to his Mom and asked if she'd seen him. She seemed worried since he was supposed to have been home hours before that and he was supposed to have been with me. We called the police. The police took it seriously and started searching the woods, they brought a helicopter after a while and that searched the woods too. The day turned to night and Tom never showed up. He was lost for a week. A fucking week. I remembered the cat and how my carelessness had caused its death. I thought I'd done the same to Tom. I didn't sleep, I cried, I worried, I threw up, I worried some more, and I knew, I mean I *knew* Tom was dead and it was my fault for not being there for him.

After the week had passed, the cops had turned from rescue to corpse retrieval but not telling the parents that's what they were doing. It was obvious, just enough theater about saving him to let the mother stay in denial. It was the worst time in my life up until that point. I had lost a friend I never wanted to lose and it was because I wasn't there for him. He was gone.

Then he wasn't. He disappeared on a Sunday and returned on Sunday. He walked back to the front door of his mother's house in just his underwear. He was shaking, scratched up and bruised all over. His hair had been shaved in a square on the side of his head and there was a cut there. He was unresponsive for a few hours. The details we got from here were so vague and fantastical that everyone assumed he had made up a fantasy to cope with things or had a psychotic break of some kind.

There were no signs he was raped or tortured. All the injuries were from him coming back out of the woods. All save for the cut on his head. It was very strange the police and doctors said. It was as if someone had done microsurgery on him. It was so precise and the repair work so well done that the forensic team said, "If the circumstances were different, the work would be impressive." Which no one knew how to take.

Tom couldn't remember anything about what had happened to him. He said the last thing he remembered was working on the fort. He had just dropped the tool bag and was going to get a piece of wood he had brought the day before and place it where he wanted it to go. So that when I got there it would be ready.

Then, he was back at the fort but didn't have his clothes, it was dark, and he was very thirsty. He went to the stream nearby but without shoes, he lost his footing and fell down the bank. The scratches and bruises were from that, plus a few bushes along the way home.

I had died every day fearing for Tom and here he was. Home. He was safe, he was okay, and I hadn't killed him. I cannot explain to you how it felt. It was joy beyond joy. You've seen videos of dog owners returning home from deployment? The dog is just shaking and doesn't know how to react? That was me. I must have hugged Tom 300 times over the next couple weeks. He was sick of it after a while and would say, "I'm fine, man. Quit!"

&#x200B;

Part 1 of ? (Part 2 in comments)