We were advancing on the enemies position. Thhe compound was about 2 miles out, not that far, unless you take into account the 1200 feet elevation difference. We moved slowly, colt, my combat assault dog, was in front of the team, ready to alert us to any danger. Colt let out a low whine, which means that we were not alone. I raised my rifle, and so did everyone behind us. We continued to walk up the rough terrain as quietly as we could. The compound was soon in sight. We were exhausted from the hike. We approached the main gate, Colt soon raised his tail, and I stopped in my tracks. There was an IED in front of the gate. I signaled to my teammates that we needed to take the side door. We walked for 5 more minutes along the fence. When we reached the door, the wind was to our back, a bad sign, as it meant the scent of any bomb would be blown away from us.  I checked the gate, it was locked, I cut through the chain with a pair of bolt cutters. I stepped inside the fence.

WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! The Taliban was firing on us with a PKM machine gun! 3 foot flames were flying out of its barrel onto our position. Just by reflex I threw myself backward onto the ground, and try to get as low as I could as the bullets tore up the earth all around me. I grabbed my rifle and started to return fire. I put the sights on the enemy machine gun and started letting off some rounds mostly to suppress their fire. My teammates all did he same. Rick, a teammate, grabbed my gear and started dragging me behind cover while I kept firing. The machine gunner hadn't let off the trigger yet, and was randomly spraying bullets all around without actually aiming. Rick dragged me into a ditch where we all took cover. Little did I know it at that point in time, but my legs were shot up pretty badly. I tried to get up to gain a better angle with which to fire, but it was useless. An RPG round landed 8 feet to my right, peppering shrapnel which hit me and Rick. The machine gunner finally ran out of ammunition to fire at us, he had gone through several hundred rounds in one pull of the trigger. I had no idea where Colt was. I pulled out a highly modified M79 40mm grenade launcher, which had most of the barrel cut off and a pistol grip attached, and fired a grenade at the machine gun. Another RPG landed just over our heads. The machine gunner had reloaded and kept firing, spraying bullets all over and praying one of them would hit us. I got as low as I could in the ditch, hoping to hide from the bullets, I had no idea where any of my other teammates were, I only knew hat Rick and I were in the ditch. Bullets were flying both directions overhead, I assumed some of my teammembers were firing upon them. Next thing I know, a Humvee truck flies straight over the ditch I was lying in. My teammates later told me a squirrel was behind the wheel. Yeah, right, a squirrel was driving a Humvee I to battle, I really believe that. Anyway, the Humvee runs over the machine gun and the drives off into the distance. Some of my teammates managed to call in an evac helo, which picked up our woundedm including me, and took us to a field hospital. We had taken 7 casualties, but no one died thanks to whoever was driving that Humvee. My teammates still insist it was a squirrel though.

I ended up losing my legs, a career ending injury, but at least I got out with my life.

As for Colt, he stayed right by my side the whole time.