Tiny bits of kitty litter scattered across the concrete floor as I moved my broom, keeping the shelter's cattery rooms clean was an all day task.  In the morning, I ran through thoroughly for each room.  Yet as my shift droned on, I would go back through and spot clean any messes. 


I was in room five when I noticed it.  A grey tail laying in the midst of the floor, detatched like a furry wand.  Alarmed, I set my broom aside and bent down to inspect it.  There was no blood, only a metal end that looked like.. *No.. It couldn't be.  A USB Port?* 


Slowly I picked up the tail and tucked it into my coveralls, not wanting to alarm any guests that might be looking for their next family member.  I started to check the cat trees and the various beds in room five for a cat missing its tail.  I could tell the other staff but I decided to find the cat first.  After all, if it was hurt I would want to make sure I helped it quickly.


It took me a few minutes to find the grey, tucked back in the corner of one of the round cubbies for a cat tree.  He was older and had been overlooked for awhile.  Hell, even I overlooked him and had to step out and read the plaques on the wall outside to figure out his name.


*Potato.*  Okay, so someone at the Adoptions desk had run out of names.  "Potato. Well I guess you aren't as uninspiring as they thought."  I muttered to myself and moved back into the room, trying to coax Potato out of the cubby with a handful of treats as the rest of the room began a chorus of meows at my feet. 


Eventually he raised his head, his silvering muzzle shining in the dim light of the opening as he meandered out at a leisurely pace onto a catwalk to eat out of my hand.  Surreptitiously I tried to inspect his back end, keeping an eye out for any adopters who might be lurking and find it weird that I was staring at a cat's ass as he ate out of my hand.


I squeaked in shock. So it was a USB port right above his.. Well, never mind.  He looked unharmed by it, no blood or obvious trauma and he certainly was behaving normally.  I realized then, that everyone was going to think I was completely nuts if I walked out and declared that we had a robo-cat in our cattery.  If that's what he was.  Still, I couldn't help but be struck with overwhelming curiosity.  *How could this happen? What did the USB stick-tail do?*


Deciding to wait was agonizing, as I led Potato back into his cubby and moved back to cleaning.  I had two hours before everyone else went home and I gave the cats their nightly meal. This was the weirdest thing I had ever seen in nine years of working here, and you see some shit working in a place like this.


But this, this was something else.  Slowly my broom moved along, sweeping kitty litter off of floors as if nothing was wrong.  I cleaned up at least two bouts of kitty poop turned art in my time and I petted more than a few cats between rooms before I stopped to consider it.


*What if Potato was not the only one?*  It was near closing and most of the other staff and visitors were busy or had left, so I snuck into room five again and found a friendly Tuxedo weaving around my feet.  Swallowing back my anxiety, I crouched on the floor and gave him loving strokes. 


"Hello Sean Connery, how are you?" He was one of my favorites, sporting the name of an actor I greatly admired.  They often did that in shelters, to get people to look at cats or dogs that were unassuming to make a connection.  He was also a great cat, loving, sweet, and had all the makings of a great family pet and here I was, about to pluck his tail off.


Sean Connery mewled at me as I moved my hand down his sinuous back, slowly creeping my fingers over his tail.  Awkwardly I glanced around again, making sure no one was watching me obsess over a cat butt again.  I was just as surprised to feel the cool touch of metal as I was the first time.  There was a connector hiding in his fur, still plugged in and operating his wildly waving tail.  He mewled again and butted his head against my knee.


Surely not all of the cats were like this.  I would have to check.  All seventy-eight that lived here. Briefly the thought of telling someone crossed my mind, but I decided against it.  I had gone this far, I just had to see what happened when I plugged one in first.


The lights were going off in the main lobbies and I realized it was almost time. As soon as the Counselors left the building, I could sneak over to the computer and plug in Potato and Sean Connery.


I gave Sean Connery one last pet before rising to start feeding them, my eyes glancing warily through the cattery windows to watch as the staff continued filtering out, ignoring me as usual. I only spent eight years here but the coveralls made me less important to them.  *Whatever.* I'm sure they would have thought me crazy if I showed them my discovery anyway.
