I woke with the sensation that I was still dreaming. My room felt larger, endless. What was mine, what FELT mine, stretched beyond these four walls.

I felt lucid, awake, but armed with a conscious clarity that was as confusing as it was empowering. 



My bed was warm and encouraged me to stay. As tired as I was, I could see both the advantages of staying in bed longer and getting up, now, and getting on with my day. Like double vision. Like standing at a crossroads and simultaneously seeing all the way down each, knowing where they end.



I stood up, slightly uneasy on my feet. My head felt heavier, my eyes strained with the heightened perception of things.



I allowed myself to fall into my routine. Kettle on, laptop open, Reddit up. At the same time I could envisage getting dressed and leaving the flat to begin my errands, but in examining my options I knew the road I was taking was the best one. Routine is good. Begin the day with comfort. Especially given my somewhat confusing condition. Take small steps as I comprehend this new reality. 



The first thread on the site was an AskReddit post. "Did you all just feel that?". Multiple guilded. Thirty thousand comments. I saw myself scrolling past it, I saw myself walking away and pouring the kettle, but found myself clicking on it and going in. 



I began reading the comments. Thousands of voices articulating the same sensations I was feeling. Heightened awareness. Visions of choices. Clarity and confidence in decision making. 



And as I read these comments, I felt I knew these people. KNEW them. I could see the roads they'd travelled that had led them to the moments where they had typed their responses. I understood them. I felt them. 



I loved them.



And then some comments began discussing 'them'. Them. And the gift they had bestowed upon us. 



Them. Those four letters alone gave me an instant understanding. I felt connected to all the commentators but these, them, were different. I knew who they were by what they weren't. And I knew where to find them.

I saw myself pouring the kettle. I saw myself continuing to read. I saw myself private messaging several commentators offering them words of support towards their personal tribulations (which I could feel deeply).



But I stood up, and went to the window. I looked up. And there they were. Them. In their hundreds.