I need a break so fucking badly. I think I have been reading case files and military plans 20 hours a day for the last two weeks. And all I did was exactly like a TSA x-ray scanner at the airport - take a look at the things that go through me and give a greenlight if it is good to go. I should have known the Pentagon would just see me as an asset like a machine instead of an essential personnel like a strategic analyst. 

To be fair I have only one very specific skillset that is useful to the DOD - my silly superpower that lets me know how many people i would save if I make certain actions or decisions. So I am basically a human supercomputer that runs a perfect prediction model so the real "strategists" can justify their aggressive and often unnecessary military plans like invading some oil countries. "Our attack saves peoples' lives!"

I thought I would get an awesome position like "an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D" kind of fancy heroic titles. Instead I was assigned to a cold dark room in the basement working alone while the people literally above me can now justify their warmongering without making up some bullshit reasons like "weapons of mass destruction". Recently DOD has been bombarding me with countless military plans against Russia. It is obvious they wanted me to greenlight one of them but nuh-uh I did not let a single one of them go through.

At least they do know I am actually not a machine that lives on electricity. I get to have a 30-mins lunch break. Hurrah! I have Celiac disease and this narrows my options even more so I always go to the Subway inside the Pentagon as they offer gluten-free bread. Gluten-free bread tastes terrible but I don't have the time to take a shit let alone to have a diarrhea.

It is abnormally quiet around the Pentagon today. The calm before the storm? But I have no way to know as I obviously don't have the time to see the news.

 As I approach the cashier and order a BMT, my "buddy", a DOD agent who has to keep an eye on me because I know too much confidential intelligence, interrupts me and says,

"Make it a take-away, President Trump wants to talk to you immediately. It is extremely urgent."

I am shocked and dumbfounded. I have never been allowed to talk to anyone who is sort of important in the DOD. And now the President wants to talk to me?

"Sir, What kind of bread do you want?" the cashier askes.

"The Gluten-free one." I reply instinctively.

"Oh I mean Italian bread actually." I change my mind as soon as I realize what the phone call is for.

Five Billions. Nine fucking zeros. I have to save humanity even I probably have to shit my pants.



