"How long can I take to decide?" I asked. The Almighty looked at me with loving eyes and said "as long as you'd like." "With one condition," he added, " you can't enter the kingdom of heaven until you decide." I was suspicious of the whole thing, "why do this at all? Don't you already know what I'll pick?" At that point He explained that this was part of a bet he and Satan had, neither would influence my decision, read my mind, or look into the future to see what the consequences would be of this; I was given the rarest of opportunities to undo one decision made throughout all of existence by anyone, anywhere, anywhen. As soon as I found out neither the Devil nor God knew what I would change what decision I'd undo; but unfortunately I had to hide the reveal. 

God was nice enough about it, when I explained that I wanted to take a few years to think it over(it **was** a big decision after all) he gave me a bench and told me to take all the time I needed. So I sat there like a celestial Forrest Gump, waiting for the right moment and chatting with the recently deceased on their way to the pearly gates. I saw victims of the worst things imaginable stroll by, I heard news of wars and famines, and got to meet all my favorite celebrities in the process. Unfortunately I stopped recognizing the celebrities very quickly. After a few thousand years they all blurred into an endless sea of faces.

Then one day there was an explosion of people, there were thousands of times  more people in the line than normal. I couldn't help myself, I immediately started laughing maniacally when I figured out what was going on. The rapture had just happened, which meant I was in the home stretch. I sat on my bench for the next 7 years and watched Armageddon happen via the people approached Saint Peter...it was a very boring way to watch a war between the Almighty and Satan, but it was the only way I could.

Finally, after Armageddon ended, God approached me with the Devil shackled up behind him. God said, "you've had much longer than expected, you need to give us your decision before I cast the Morning Star into the lake of fire." I laughed so hard I couldn't speak for a moment, but finally composed myself long enough to say "I want to undo your decision to create the universe." Just like that, everything everyone(especially God and Satan) ever fought over, struggled for, or cared about never happened or existed. 