It was 10 in the morning. I had just woken up. It was my first day off work in 2 weeks. I was sitting in my living room about to smoke some weed to get my day going and watching some TV. I was about to take my first hit when suddenly I was transported to a dark place surrounded by demons and candles. They all suddenly began running and one dropped what seemed to be a Ouija board and got inside a bathroom. 




"I told you we shouldn't have touched it." I hear the demons say from the bathroom. I was still standing in what appears to be their living room. It seemed to be night outside. That was strange being that it was morning just a second ago. Then again demons just ran away from so that was probably even stranger. 


"Um hey uh guys." I said Ackwardly 


"Oh shit dude it's talking to us." I heard from inside. "What should we do?"


"I don't know just fucking say something." Another voice said. 


"H... Hhhhh..hi there." they respond me. 


"Hey so this might sound kinda strange to you guys, but um I have no idea where the fuck I am, so uh, maybe you can help me out." I said to them


"Well w.wwwww..wwwe might have kinda summoned you fro.....from hell" I herd one respond very nervously. 


"What no I'm not the one that's supposed to be in hell you are." I responded. "Now tell me the truth did I fucking die or something and you are playing tricks on me."


"Oh shit dude I think we are getting him mad." I heard a voice whisper inside. 


"Yeah he wants us in hell dude we fucked up so bad." I heard another one whisper. 


I let out a big sigh. "OK just come out I won't do anything to you." I said. 


"How can we trust a demon." They suddenly say. 


"I'm not the... " I say before reconsidering." Just come out I promise I won't do anything. Here as a matter a fact do you kids smoke weed."


"Y...yyyyy...yeah." I hear one of them say. 


Then I hear a loud hit. 


"What the fuck man what was that for." I hear the same voice again. 


"Why the fuck do you answer that." I hear one of them whisper. 


I sigh again. "OK fine don't come out. I'll be out hear waiting with food and beverages chilling smoking this weed."


I begin to walk to the kitchen. It was a good thing I decided to put my stash in my pocket. Now I had plenty of weed yo try and figure out what the fuck was going on. They seemed like teenagers. At least that's how I would see teenagers acting. Well it not like I'm any different at 19.


I get to the kitchen and open the fridge door. Inside is some werid gooey shit in a plate and wrapped in some plastic wrap. Under it I see some green juice with what seems like shit pieces inside. I close it immediately.


"Well fuck it at least I have weed." I said to myself as I walked back to the living room. 


I sit down on there couch and begin lighting my bowl. I then blow the smoke towards the bathroom. 


"What is that?" I hear one of them whisper to the others. 


"I don't know it kinda smells like weed but a lot stronger." Another one says. 


"Guys I can hear you perfectly fine just come out here and smoke some weed with me." I scream at them. "Don't you think if I really wanted to hurt you I would have broken the door already."


They began opening the door. 


" You sure about this what if he is lying." I hear the farthest one say. 


"Yeah its fine, he is right if he wanted to he would have just gone in the door didn't even have a lock." The most in front says. 


They eventually make there way towards me and sit down. 


"So how old are you guys?" I ask handing the pipe to the closest one. 


"We are all 15." the one that I handed the pipe to says. "My name is Matt."


"My N.. Name is Mike." The second closest to me says. 


"My N... Name is Earl." the farthest one says. 


"Well nice to meet you guys I'm Jose." I say.


We begin smoking and talking. They told me about times they had gotten high and I told them about times I have gotten high and by the end of it we had smoked a bowl. 


"Damn you guys want me to load another one?" I ask. 


"Dude do you see the candle changing colors too." Earl says. 


"Yeah." Matt says. 


"Yo are you guys alright?" I ask getting scared this might have been too much for them. 


"I'm getting freaked out man at what time do your parents get back dude?" Mike says. 


"Like at 12 what time is it? " Earl asks


"Shit man its 11:50." Matt says. 


"Yo yo calm the fuck down." I tell them. "Alright we need to find a way to get me back."


"How do we do that?" Earl asks me. "We don't even know how you got here."


I begin scratching my head. How do demons get sent back in the movies. 


"Did you guys chant something when you got me here?" I ask. 


"Yeah." Matt answers me


"Well then chant that backwards with the Ouija board in the middle." I say to them


They all quickly surround me and begin chanting. Then all of a sudden the world goes black. Then I am back in my house. I look at the clock and it reads 10:03.





