Malik took an exploratory swing, striking only air. "Curse you, I will have my revenge."

Obed swung his sword wildly in the direction he thought the voice had come from. Sadly, this meant both brothers now faced East as the stood maybe ten paces away, sides to one another. Being recently blinded, they both lacked the skill to operate purely on other senses. 

"Answer me, that I may make the words your last," Malik called out, his anger rising ever higher. "Would that it were my rage were a fire to consume you!"

Obed made a hard swing forward, sure he would strike his brother. The force of the attack caused him to stumble, crying in pain as his knee struck a stone.

"Aha," Malik cried as he leapt through the air, slamming his blade down a good five feet from his brother, which was, at least, closer than either had been before. The noise brought some grouse out of hiding as they took to the sky. "Blast, your trickery will not save you."

Obed swung as he rose to his feet, turning as he did, and ended facing South. He continued to hold his tongue.

"You think your silence can defeat me? You are a fool, brother. A FOOL, I SAY!"

Obed shifted around, turning a full circle as he tried to sense his foe. As he reached his original facing, he swung again through the empty air.

"Very well, if you will not give me sound, I must rely on my nose, and sniff out your stinking breath," Malik growled. As he sniffed at the air, Obed struggled to hold his breath. 

After an embarrassingly few seconds, he was gasping in air. Malik gave cry as he once more leapt thru the air. As his blade struck the ground, it shattered.

Hearing this, Obed tried another power swing, losing his grip, and sending his sword sailing off into the field.

"Enough of your games, you cur. My blade is broken, strike me down and claim your victory, hollow as it may be."

"I lost my blade as well, dear brother," Obed replied.

"Dear brother? How dare you call me such kind words with that serpent tongue."

"It is a draw, Malik. Let us part."

"Never," Malik responded as he leapt forward, landing prone within a couple feet of Obed. He struggled to his hands and knees. "You cannot be allowed to escape my justice."

"Justice? Ha. Don't flatter yourself. This is petty revenge. No more, no less."

Malik spit at the ground. "After what you did, my vengeance is justice. It's as close as I can come."

Obed had had enough. He slowly walked off, carefully testing the way, and leaving Malik to curse him alone. 