Death came for the philanthropist slowly, like a poison seeping through his veins. He did not resist, partially because his body was weary and awaiting the long, deep sleep of the afterlife. He had ordered his body be donated to scientific research, his organs to those awaiting transplant, and his possessions and money to museums and charities. Even in death, he was determined to do good.

She appeared before him in a flowing robe of golden silk. Points of light shimmered in and out, transforming the ethereal fabric into a field of stars. 
“Your time has ended in this world,” she said in a strong but smooth voice that was oddly familiar. “Come with me into the next, or perish forever.” A gilded scythe coalesced in her hand. The handle was slender and simple with two engraved vines weaving around. Red light glowed from a gem inset into the top. Not red like blood; red like a sunset, like a passionate love, like a roaring fire. From it, the blade extended and curved down, long enough to cut but short enough to be wielded with elegance. Death was, unexpectedly, the pinnacle of natural beauty.

His form lay before her, kneeling on what seemed to be the floor of the endless void, head hung low.  
“I do not wish to go just yet, my fair lady. I have made it my life’s purpose to do the most good. In life, I travelled the world just to see how I could make it better. I have saved forgotten languages, adopted many children left orphaned by war, and donated time and money to eradicating disease and educating the poor.  My dying wish, if you may, is to see the effect of my efforts, and to somehow help in death. That will bring me eternal peace, to see someone help another because of what I have done.”  
“Ah, how I wish I could grant that, human. It is not within my power to return you to the world. You were a noble man, always the first to volunteer and the last to leave. Now, you may come with me and let the next world embrace you or resist and fall into the void. Which do you choose?”  
“Lady Death, there must be another choice. Surely I can assist others still.”  
“You are making this difficult, human. I wish I could help you so, but I cannot in the way you describe. I do, however, know of a way to accomplish at least part of what you are saying, but at a great cost. Do you accept my offer?”  
“Yes, anything to help the world.”  
The scythe’s gem glowed white and the blade shimmered with a golden energy.  
“Tell me, human, what was your favorite color?”  
“Blue, madam. Deep blue, like the ocean.” Death glided around the human, floating on a cloud of nothing.  
“Do you accept your duty and all the pain that comes with it? Do you acknowledge that you shall be performing it until the end times? Will you stay loyal to Death and the forces of nature?”  
“Yes, madam.”  
“It is done. I, Lady Death the Fourth, bestow upon this human immortality, mobility, and divinity, to always do what is right and to see their efforts. In exchange, he shall be bound forever to these terms until the end of times.” As she said the final word, she raised her scythe. Two gashes appeared on the philanthropist’s upper back, one on each side of his spine. A blood-curdling shriek cut through the silence of the void. New muscles formed, skin tore and regrew itself, and sweeping wings formed upon his back. A robe similar to Lady Death’s started to form upon the man’s body.  
“You are now Lord Death the Fourth, a guardian angel of death. You shall protect a life from ending too soon, but you also must take a life when it is time. We shall be the earth and the sky, the sun and the moon, yin and yang. Life and death. You may continue until your soul grows weak and we retire into the next world, whence you shall choose a successor, and I shall do the same.” The new Lord Death’s deep blue robe shimmered as he rose to meet Lady Death. They embraced like lovers united after a long time apart.  
“Go perform your duty, and I shall do the same. We will see each other again soon,” the Lady said. With that, they disappeared into smoke, off to guide souls to the next world.

___

Thanks for reading this! Sorry if the formatting’s off, I’m on mobile. I went for a Greek/Egyptian-ish mythology type angle with this story. I would love constructive criticism!