The Gail-71 has been captured

--after raising an Empire's alarms with its bright, reflective chassis 

and electromagnetic propulsions with a pull as strong as a sun. Imagine sensing a sun striding 70 km away from your ships.

The ship's captain was a human. On board with him were three more males and all four were heavily intoxicated with alcohol. They were interfering with radio, heard shouting in tune, affecting incoming flights.
It wasn't hard to catch them swimming around not so far from the Empire's airspace bay.

"Bummer, man. We can't stay in here."
"Can't stay in here."
- "Don't worry. I GOT US ALL IN THIS...I'M GETTING US ALL OUT!"
Their captain had no plan to escape. but this was never a problem. Humans are well-known to be the most impulsive, repulsive creatures in the Milky Way. Every time an alien came into New Earth to investigate on the human race it wanted out the next 24 hours. No other creature could handle human spontaneity, so nobody else fully knew how humans function.

"I HAVE A PLA--blgghurghb"
Everyone stood back from their captain as he vomited. The guards of the holding cell thought their reaction to the vomiting captain meant his puke was harmful, most likely radioactive. They called in a hazardous materials specialist to clean up.
The human captain sees the commotion through the glass.
- "That, Gentlemen, is my plan. Piss on the glass and go wild!! These aliens are calling in cleanup!"
So the humans urinated and puked on the walls. One of them shat on a corner.
A creature with four eyes and a green belly knocked on their door, strolled in and looked at the four males running around suddenly stopping and staring at the staff.

"STOP, STOP. IT MIGHT BE ABLE TO SENSE MOTION."

The staff groaned and carried on with cleaning up. He looked at a human who was snickering, taunting the staff. It took the distraction away from one of the humans crawling up to the four-eyed fellow, gave the thing an RKO out of nowhere.
They used the staff member as a human shield and his cleaning tools as a weapon. The poor alien was thrashing as the humans had him in a lock.

"We didn't do s***t!!" The humans pleaded as they were ramming the local worker onto other locals, their guards and scientists. The control center called their emergency, a poorly funded department. Two jets were deployed and a few alien cops who didn't fit into their uniforms.

- "We're about to get company!"
The captain rushed to the control center with a metal food tray, which was tough enough to knock the guards unconscious. They found their belongings in crates and wore it, one of the humans broke a glass and cut the thick flesh of the unconscious guards, passing it around for disguise. The captain had another plan. They were to sneak out of the facility, trade with a local outside to get spare parts to make a ship. They would then knock him out so they can build a ship in his backyard and steal his food for the road. And maybe his rug too.

One of the males say "man that's cold."
another said "Well, we ARE paying him for some of the stuff!"
They all nodded in agreement to that logic.
"What are we calling the new ship?"
"Easy..........
...Gail-72 i don't even know whatever"

- "Then let's go get ourselves a trader."