She sat in the back of the bus. Glasses. Long brown hair. I saw her every day; she's on when I get on at the fire station, and she's still there when I get off at the corner of Bedford and Forest.

I tend to develop crushes easily. It's a gift, and a curse. Okay, mostly a curse. And this girl (pensive, pale, dark hair, bony, nearly gaunt face) was right up my alley.

The first time I saw her, I thought she would be heading to college, like me. I thought she'd get off with me and then on the brief walk up Bedford I'd strike up a conversation.

But she didn't get off, so I didn't speak to her.

Every day, she's sitting there. Same seat. Driver's right-hand side, second-to-last row, window. No one's ever with her. She doesn't play on her phone like everyone else does on the bus. She doesn't speak to anyone, she doesn't read a book or the newspaper (as if people our age still read newspapers).

It became sort of...comfortable. I sit in my usual place, she in hers. Occasionally she'd glance at me, and I at her.

I enjoyed it, in a weird way. My life had been chaotic. An endless stream of roommates and classes and jobs. Seeing the girl there, every day, on my bus (our bus, I guess) became routine.

After several weeks of this, I decided to sit near her. Not next to her, the row in back. She seemed alarmed at this breach of protocol. Indeed, I was rarely the one to fuck up the seating arrangements in lecture halls. I was rarely the one to walk over to girls I didn't know, either. But what the hell. The bus was empty. If she wasn't responsive, I could just move the front for the rest of my ride and then take an earlier one so I'd never have to see her again. Or so I figured.

"I see you everyday on this bus," I began, "and I wonder, where do you go? Do you have a job downtown or--" I stopped cold as she turned around and glared at me. I stammered, and briefly thought about perhaps never speaking to another woman unprovoked ever again before she spoke.

"You see me?" She said, her voice shaking. I couldn't tell if she was terrified or furious -- or worse, insane.

"Um...y-yes, and I always s-saw you alone and thought maybe y-you wanted a f-friend?" I offered meekly.

"You see me?" She said again, her features softening a bit. Settling on "crazy girl," I prepared to excuse myself from this situation and made a mental note to set my alarm 30 minutes earlier to catch the early bus from now on.

"I'm sorry to have disturbed you, I hope you have a nice d--" she places her hand on my shoulder. Ice cold, even through my jacket. Pulsating, almost.

"Please don't go," she said. "No one else has ever seen me."

"Listen, I'm really sorry--" I start again, and she interrupts.

"I do need a friend. I do. Please be my friend. I haven't spoken to anyone in so long..." her eyes plead. Hesitantly, I sit back down. I make a mental note of where I am -- still another 15 minutes to school, but fuck it, I can ring the bell and walk it if this gets dicey. Or dicier.

"What year is it?" She asks me. When I was working retail, an old lady asked me what month it was whilst she was writing a check. I found that lapse of memory oddly sweet and charming. This, on the other hand, was horrifying.

"2018," I finally manage to respond. She looks shocked.

"30 years?" She says. "I've been on the bus for 30 years?" I notice the Dukakis/Bentsen button on her jacket, and the leg warmers on her calves.

"This is impossible, you can't be older than 20 or 21!" I practically shout, struggling to keep the other riders from hearing.

"Fucking Christ," the girl says, exasperated, slapping a hand to her face, dumbstruck by my apparent stupidity. "Couldn't you tell from this extremely formulaic set-up? I'm a ghost, nimrod."