Ill give it ago but my phones auto correct  is awful so bear with me on grammer. 

It hasnt been easy watching all my friendships slowly deterriorate. I've watched as friends I had known for years slowly start to forget me and eventually, as they all do, leave. It was around ten years ago when my cellmate Jimmy looked at me with fear in his eyes and heart pounding hard that I realized, he had no idea who I was and then the next day I watched as guards lead him out.  
I dont know why im in prision or what actions lead me there but what i do know is that the time to find out is coming.  James is the last person to remember me which means when he's  finally forgotten  my life outside prision will finally begin.  

It didnt take long, about a week to be exact before i heard the dreaded words come out of James' mouth.
" so, new guy huh? Its not bad you know, you get used to it " 
  i wanted to scream at him tell him we knew eachother for years and that he was my best friend but i knew it would be in vain.  and so i nodded my head and walked away knowing i would never see my friend again. 

A few hours later guard lead me out of the prison onto a bus. We sat in silence as the bus drove. It was an odd sensation  to be out of my cell and into " the world" or at least the very small amount i was experiencing.  Eventually we got to the county jail where i was placed in another cell. Unlike my prison here people seemed afraid of me, Avoiding eye contact and whispering.  Suspense was killing me at this point, i was beginning to wonder what was it i did that was so horrible that amoungst these criminals i was the one to be feared.  i knew i didnt have to wait long and that it was only a matter of time but still.  

I waited for days before a guard came and handcuffed my hands and legs. A wave of anxiety washed over me and instinctively  i looked towards the other inmates for some kind of comfort but they, like the others,  had already forgotten  my presence as i was lead out and towards the courthouse.  

People booed at me as we walked in carrying picket signs saying 
" #justicefortodd ".  I didnt know who todd was but im sure whatever happened he didnt deserve it, or rather, he didnt deserve whatever i did to him.  

We walked into the court room where a croud of disappointed people glared at me and towards a man who carried a look of anguish on his face as he mouthed "im sorry" towards me.  i figured he must have been my lawyer.  as i got closer he reached his hand out to hold mine and we faced the judge hand in hand.  

It was finally time; in a few seconds i would finally learn of the crime i commited towards this Todd and the details that went with it.  i felt my whole world stop for a minute and i couldnt help but wonder if this was how i would have felt before recieving my verdit had my time line had gone linear like everyone else.  I was  quickly thrown  from my thoughts as the judge began talking 

" For the crime of first degree murder of Todd Hutchitson and the attempted mhrder of Melanie May, I sentence you to life in prison witout possibility of parole.  You have escaped death this time sir but i sincerely hope that your mind eats you alive  with the guilt of what you have done." 


But I couldn't help but wonder, who are Todd and Melanie and why am I just hearing their names.  