The first time the cat visited me was a couple of weeks after Momma's funeral. Me and her hadn't even gotten along. Not well, at least. Not recently. And yet her death had somehow left me hollow and purposless. Just drifting along like dust.

The cabinet above the sink in my uncleaned bathroom was wide open, and I was staring into it like all the answers to life lay somewhere within. In the half filled pill bottles, syrupy cough medicines, in the tablets prescribed for disorders that had recently bubbled to the surface. How many, I wondered, would it take? Would Momma be waiting for me up in the night sky?

The cat must have climbed the unkempt wisteria to have reached the window, for in the mirror I saw a burst of ginger -- as bright as carrot soup -- squeeze its way into my bathroon. I barely registered it, barely registered anything back then. I was an imitation of Olivia, dulled and numb to life, to what was going on around me. I have the vaguest recollection of it rubbing its orange sides against my leg and giving the faintest, pleading, mew. It had no collar, and was thin but not skinny. 

I reached forward and took a plastic bottle from the cabinet, ignoring the tiny visitor and rattling it as I brought it to my chest. "I miss you, momma," I whispered, as I squeezed the childproof lid and slowly twisted it open. 

The cat leapt up on the sink, then just as suddenly pounced at me, knocking the bottle out of my hands, spilling it's contents into the toilet below. I peered down to see dozen of tiny white rafts bobbing up to the surface. 

I grunted and tried to kick out at the cat. "Get lost!" But it was much faster than my foot and jumped out of the way easily, unbothered. It hopped up into the sink and gave another cry. Its huge eyes looked up at me, probably only begging to be fed or pet, but at that moment, I saw it differently. I saw something else in those eyes.

I closed the cabinet and sobbed as I stroked the cat's head, it nudging forcefully against my strokes.

I had wanted to name her after Momma, but using her fist name for an animal seemed strange, so I picked her second name instead. Casey.

Casey visited me regularly in those next bleak weeks, the only drop of color in what had become a very grey world. She came in the evenings, mostly, but sometimes spent the entire night with me, curled up at the end of my bed, eyes always half open, watching me as I slept.

Guarding me.

Finally, after almost six full months, Casey stopped visiting. But that was okay. She had her own life, and I once again had something near enough to a life, too. Casey had left some of her brightness behind, melting the ice. The sunsets now held a burst of crimson, the days, a faint brushstroke of blue. Of hope. 

It wouldn't be another five years until I saw Casey again. At the time, I thought she'd almost killed me. It wasn't until I was calm, many hours later, that I realized the opposite had been true.

It had been a sweltering Nevada night, and I'd left the windows of my Fiat open a crack as I'd gone into the house. It must have been then that Casey has snuck in, hiding beneath one of the back seats. That night, on account of the humidity and my child waking, crying, every thirty minutes, I had slept poorly.

The next morning, I'd put my little boy in his car seat, in the middle back, without noticing the cat at all. Then, I had begun the long and tiring trip to my Pappa's. 

The day was hotter than even the previous, and as the sun left and evening settled in, the heat and humidity had been left behind to taunt and beat me. The road I was on was a long straight haze, and there were no other vehicles in sight. 

I didn't feel sleep creep up on me. Didn't notice my eyes pulled down my drowsiness. But I do recall a blank spot in my memory, a gap from when I fell. 

There was a loud cry as Casey leapt from the back seat onto my lap, and another cry as I awoke startled, spinning the wheel and skidding off the road. Then, an engulfing blare as a honking truck grazed the edge of the car, scraping off a layer of metal as if it has been no more than skin.

I had been on the wrong side of the road.

With tremmoring hands, I pushed open my door and snatched by baby from the back, all the while shouting and screaming at the dumb fucking cat for almost killing the pair of us.

It hopped out of the car and slunk sadly into the trees to our side.



---

I knew it couldn't have been Casey, but the ginger cat who snuck into the hospital nearly forty years later looked almost identical to her. Thin, but not skinny, and as bright as carrot soup.

It was just another one of many countless nights in the hospital.There was no surgery left to be done to me. No treatments. No more diagnoses. Nothing for me to do but wait. 

My family had left for the night, deciding, after much persuasion on my part, that I would be fine for just one night. I wanted them to go have a meal together. To laugh and drink and remember me how I was before the cancer spread so far. For they had spent little time away from me over the last months, and they deserved better than a room that stunk of disinfectant and urine. Better than food made a week ago and heated to a bland warmth in a mircowave.

I watched through blurry eyes as the collarless smuge of orange padded through the ward, unseen by patients and staff alike, and leapt onto my bed. It nudged its face into mine, reassuringly, before settling down on my legs. 

 "It is you, isn't it?" I said to the cat.

 It mewed gently, eyes half open. Watching me. 

 "I'm sorry," I said, as it curled up on me, "it wasn't your fault. It was mine. It always had been." I reached out and stroked its head.

Casey purred loudly, comforting and guarding me, one last night.


---

(sorry I didn't use the plane - seemed to be enough of those responses already) 