Like most days, Randall walked out PetsCo and across the parking lot to Subway to grab a bite during his lunch break. He wondered where Subway would be without that Jared guy inspiring thousands like Randall to ditch fast-food, recent criminal activities notwithstanding. *I wonder how many lives he saved by making those ads...* he mused. This Subway, like all Subways, had that odd, mixed scent of fresh bread and melting plastic.

"Hey Randall, how are you?" the woman behind the counter asked as Randall walked in.

"Oh Lauren you know how it is. Another day another dollar." Being a regular at a place had it's perks: for Randall, Lauren was that perk; for Lauren, Randall. The cheesy lines had become a bit of a thing between them.

"Time is money. What'll you have?"

"I'll go for the California Club on Italian, plea--"

After the word *Italian* and before the word *please*, Randall knew he had just saved nearly 5 billion lives. Like a handful of times before, he simply *knew* these lives had been saved and *knew* their exact number: in this case, 4,977,273,102 human souls had been spared death due to his actions. He had seen the butterfly-effect, *but 5 billion?? What did I do?*

Lauren went for the Italian bread and grabbed a loaf and looked it over, a courtesy she gives to Randall and not many else. Not liking what she saw, she threw it out and walked towards her left to grab a fresh piece from the cooling rack. The wall burst inward to meet her as a Ford F-150 crashed through the building, rag-dolling her against the counter and knocking Randall to the ground. As Randall got to his feet, he saw the driver having a seizure in the truck, but ignored him and raced around the counter to find Lauren. Unconscious, Lauren's left leg was mangled and was bleeding, badly. Randall took off his belt and tied a tourniquet mid-thigh and tightened it as much as he could. The worst of the bleeding was staunched. 

Instantly, Randall *knew* he had just *taken* 5 billion lives. He looked down at Lauren. All 4,977,273,102 souls he had just saved had just been indirectly extinguished by his belt and blood-covered hands. *What?! No! no no... god damnit no.* He had always feared the Trolly Problem, but had made the cold calculation years ago and had determined at which ratio he would take a life if he *knew* the lives it would save. *God damnit Lauren what did you do? What will you do??* 

People had gathered outside, but nobody could yet see the two of them. Randall looked around and then back down to Lauren. He untightened his belt. Blood began to flow again. He cried as he watched the blood pool underneath them. As less and less blood flowed, he sat in anticipation for the saved lives to return, for his actions to be justified.

Randall *knew* he had just taken one more life. *Wait... what?? Shouldn't they be saved again??* He probed his powers to see if he re-saved the billions at the cost of one - but no! Randall had saved no lives that day and taken 1. *What the fuck!? No no no no.* 

He reapplied the belt to Lauren's pale leg, but she never came back and neither did the 5 billion. 