The duck came in. It was interesting these days. Often it was the same lines, but unless they got new material they usually only did the bit once or twice. It was really no worse than dealing with a friend who liked puns. 
“Ya got any grapes?” The duck asked. 
He thought for a few moments. It was like a riddle, you had to figure out what the right response was to get to the punchline. Didn’t seem like much this one. “No, we don’t.”  
The duck left. 
The horse came in.
Ah, this one he knew. 
“Why the long face?” He asked with a smile. 
“Because I’m a horse. This is just my face.” 
The smile wavered slightly but didn’t disappear. Joke or not, it was still a customer, and they got their service either way. 
“Hey, Rabbi!” He called. “Any idea what the duck’s line is?”
The rabbi thought for a moment. “All I know is that everybody likes chicken.”
He pursed his lips. Was that a reference? Anyway. 
Two men came in with lunchboxes. He smiled again. “Lemme guess... swap lunches?” 
They looked at him. “Yea, guess so.”
Something was off. 
The next day, nobody came in with their punch lines. Only the duck asked for grapes. 
Same with the day after. 
The next day, he was aggravated. His customers weren’t telling their jokes. He didn’t like seeing them so upset. And for some reason the duck aggravated him. He threatened the duck accidentally. 
The next day, he decided to mention it. He waited quietly until all his customers -except the duck- were in. 
“Guys! What’s wrong?” He asked. “Why are you guys so down...?” He resisted the temptation to ask why the long face. 
“Oi,” the rabbi said. “We’re tired of being made fun of. We may be jokes, but we don’t appreciate being made fun of.”
The variety of characters nodded or made their respective sounds in agreement. 
“Guys!” The bartender said again. “I get it. Nobody likes being teased. That’s fine. But you guys are what make people smile! Even when you have a hard day, the right joke can make you happy! Isn’t that worth it?”
Before they could respond he continued. 
“I would always smile because whenever one of you said something I knew it would make me laugh! It was the best part of the job.”
They all looked at him unimpressed, but slightly regretful. 
Regretful like he was, for threatening the duck. 
Speaking of which, the duck walked back in. 
“Ya got any-“
“What did I tell you yesterday?”
“That you’d nail my beak down if I asked for grapes again?”
“Exactly. So don’t.” Dang it. It happened again. Before he could apologize the duck asked:
“Ya got any nails?”
He paused. “No..?”
“Well then, ya got any grapes?”
He stopped. Blank. *That* was the punchline. 
The whole bar roared into laughter. It was a solid 3 minutes before any of them stopped long enough to explain. 
“You see, we knew how much you enjoyed the
jokes.” One said
“So we got together and planned a way for you to really be a part of one.” Said another. 
“It’s been so long since we got a good laugh out of something.” One more continued, wiping a gleeful tear away. 
The bartender was stunned. 
He smiled and started laughing. It was endearing. 
Then the chicken walked in. 
Everyone kind of looked at him curiously. 
To him, it didn’t matter. The customers pulled the most elaborate joke on him yet. They included him fully this time. They embraced their jobs. 
Then the chicken spoke. 

“Know why I crossed that road?”