"It's not like all I've done so far is without merit. The existence of many of these fabulous creatures, now proven and documented thanks to yours truly, is an amazing feat without doubt. Yet, I still feel like a failure. (See what I did there?) BigFoot consumes my every waking thought. I've studied the stories, mapped out prime locations, traveled to hundreds of surely suitable biomes. My patrons have begun to question my funding. After so many successes is my career about to end in failure?

I'm consumed with my own doubt. Unlike other creatures the Yeti has never left enough clues to tell us much more than its shoe size. What does it eat? How does it mate? There are never any victims, never any broken branches - not even consistent vocalization records. 

Mermaids sing, Unicorns bless, and Vampires... Well, they are infamous and have been so intertwined in the development of our culture that we might as well consider them world powers. 

Still, the Yeti remains hidden. 

My friends have been skeptical in the past, but now I fear they may truly be worried for me. Perhaps they have cause to be. I've put so much of myself into this, I fear failure might destroy me. Could this be what is holding me back? Do I stink of desperation so badly the Yeti can somehow sense me? Perhaps taking a break from this devestating, all consuming search will be good for me."

I paused from my typing, realizing that I couldn't even recall the last time I truly looked at a forest. I'd been so busy scanning trees for signs of BigFoot that I had failed to see the beauty of the patterns. It was if I'd forgotten there were even trees at all. 

I heard branches rustle to my rear left. 

No.  I told myself. It's time to stop jumping at ever sound. Time to get back to really living. Time to reclaim my soul from the Yeti. They didn't seem interested in gracing me with their presence. Perhaps they didn't deserve the level of unfettered emotion I poured so endlessly into their discovery. 

Several hours later I decided to go for a stroll. No high tech goggles, no cameras, no bizarre mix of potential Yeti attracting pheremones - just a man in the woods. 

300 feet in I saw it. A set of tracks. Primate shaped feet, the size of a small child.

As I felt the desparation and all-consuming desire come flooding back into my heart a sense of understanding and horrow swept through me. 

"Curse you BigFoot!!!" I screamed to the seemingly silent forest. 

I now knew what the Yeti fed upon.