Darkness. 

That was all the man could see - given that he was of sound mind, of course. For the man had spent an eternity, if not eons upon eons of *time* drifting through empty space. All that had once existed - the stars, galaxies, black holes - had inevitably faded away with the passage of time. Eventually, even time itself became obsolete, for if there was no change, no disorder, no *entrophy* then what was there left? 

Simply nothing. 

Well, except for this lonesome man drifting idly through nothingness of course. When a man could not see, hear, or feel *anything,* could he really be considered *alive?* He could not feel a comprehensible connection of any sort with the physical world, and yet he could think, he could ponder and even wonder. Trapped in the confines of his mind, the man could only entertain himself for so long. Eventually even his mind, his ability to conjure thoughts became obsolete against the vast expanse of endless nothingness. For when time itself became unsubstantial, there was no way for the man to connect one thought to the next chronologically. And so, the man became a vegetable.   Occasionally seeing lights and shapes dancing across the vast expanse of nothingness every few hundred eons. 

Until now. 

A wooden, featureless door appeared in the middle of nothingness, and suddenly time resumed, as if the great cogs in the universe had begun turning again. There was *change* now, and the man immediately recognized this. It was as if he had woken from a drunken stupor. He could feel his heart beating, his hands moving, it was as if he his whole being had become sensate. 

The door opened slowly, and for the first time - as the man watched the door swing wide open - it didn't feel like an eternity.

A figure draped in black stepped out of the door. "Greetings friend," he waved a skinless, bone hand at the man. "I hope I'm not too late." 

The man didn't even blink - mostly because he hadn't done so in several hundred eons. "W-who are you?" he asked the dark figure that had emerged from the door. 

"I am Death, it is a pleasure to finally meet you, Oh Lost One." Death answered as he extended his hand for the man to shake. "What is your name?"

The man reached for Death's hand but at hearing Death's question he halted. "My... name?"

The man retracted his hand. His mind had suddenly fallen into disarray as he searched the endless void of his mind, looking for his name. After several long moments, the man gave up.  "I-I don't know," he answered. 

Death smiled, but his skinless face could show no sign of smiling. "That is fine. I don't know my name either but people often refer to me as death." 

The man nodded. 

"Olo," Death said suddenly. 

"Olo?" the man tasted the word. 

"Yes, you will be called Olo, Oh Lost One," Death said. 

Olo nodded complacently, unsure of the name, unsure of everything really. He wasn't even sure if he was -

"Am I dead? Am I in hell?" Olo suddenly asked. 

"Oh," Death intoned grimly. "I'm afraid you are very much alive, Olo. In fact, you have been alive for far, far too long." 

Death brought his hand up, and with a snap, Olo's head was suddenly reeling with pain, a feeling that he had not felt in eons. Images flooded through his mind, and suddenly everything fell into place. His memories came to him, like they were yesterday. Olo could finally remember everything. 

His name was not Olo. 

*My name is... Patrick,* he realized, and with that realization came the next and the next. He was not just Patrick, but he was more prominently known as... *The Immortal.* He was born in the eighteenth century, and had watched and participated in the fall and rise of *Civilizations.* He had watched his family and loved ones pass away, dying in his embrace. Everything that he treasured and cared for turn to ashes in the third world war. He had watched the struggle of humanity for millenniums, and their eventual ascension to the Galactic Frontier. And finally... he had watched the great Humanity itself perish. 

Patrick grit his teeth until he heard them crack, as an indescribable wave of agony and anger boiled within him, threatening to overflow. He had lost everything. Nothing mattered, because there was simply nothing. And yet, Patrick felt an insatiable rage well up within him. Because beneath everything that had happened, everything that he had realized and remembered, there was one thing that Patrick could not forgive.  

"Death," Patrick uttered, spitting the vile word. "Death."

Death cocked his skinless head to the side and raised a non-existing eyebrow curiously. 

"Death."

"Death."

"Deeeaaaath!" Patrick screamed until his voice was raw. 

Patrick was not calling Death's name. No, he was chanting, for he had pleaded for so long, eons upon eons, begging for the sweet release of death and yet he was never answered. Eventually, even Patrick's senseless chanting of death was forgotten until now. 

"All I ever wanted was death, and yet I was never given it." 

"My apologies," Death scratched his ivory skull, then extended an open palm. Within his palm was a tiny hourglass. "You see, this is your allotted time." Death raised the hourglass to Patrick, pinching it between a finger and thumb. 

Within the hourglass, Patrick could see that all of the sand had fallen to the bottom. 

"And well, your time had long expired," Death said, then pointed at Patrick. "You, according to the Creed are a dead man, but you see... No one ever collected your soul..."

Patrick seethed. "Why?!" he spat. 

"Well..." Death twisted his skull demurely to the side, shying away from Patrick's intense glare. "You see... Hm... Ahh... Well... I-I..." 

"Out with it!" Patrick roared. 

"Okay, okay," Death brought his hands up imploringly. "Apparently, unbeknownst to me... I had lost your Lifeglass. It was only a few moments ago, that I found it when I was doing the Big Clean." 

Patrick closed his eyes, and pinched the bridge of his nose as he sighed. "Do you realize what you have put me through? Do you know how much I have suffered?" Patrick asked. 

Death remained silent. 

"No," Patrick said. "No, you wouldn't understand. You can't. How could you when you are not even human?"

"Olo, I am terribly sorry," Death prostrated low, and banged his head against the non-existing floor. "I truly am. I did not mean for you to suffer as you did." 


"My name is not Olo. It is Pat-" 

Patrick paused then shook his head slowly, as he remembered. Fragmented memories flitted through his mind. There were his family in the very far recesses of his mind but they were diminutive in comparison to the rest. There was so much. So much nothingness. He had spent more time in the void then actually living as Patrick. So much that it had overwhelmed his mind. Patrick was no more. 

*Olo. Oh Lost One.*, he thought. 

That was more fitting. 

Olo raised his head, and glared at Death. "Olo..." Olo chuckled. "Whatever."

"I'm sorry," Death apologized again. "I want to make it up to you Olo. Even if this will never absolve me of my guilt, even if this is not enough, I must make amends for my atrocious error." 

"Go on," Olo waved his hand dismissively, showing a lack of interest. 

"I was just about to finish up the Big Clean and..." 

Olo raised an eyebrow. 

Death elaborated. "Finish up wiping the data and flushing the servers, you know?"

Olo nodded. 

"Well, you see," Death said, "we're going to *restart* the Universe, and I would like to extend to you an official Amendment Package. Exclusively for you, and its contents of premium quality, and personally selected by me for you Sir." 

Olo hesitated then spoke. "All I want is death, Death. Nothing else."

"I assure you, Olo, you will be pleased," Death quickly replied, then added, "You will not remember anything. You will be as good as dead. Think of this as simply... a divine blessing in your Cycle, and all your following Cycles to come."

Olo closed his eyes, taking a moment to consider. 

"Please, this is the least I can do, after the blunder that I had done to you," Death pleaded. 

Olo sighed loudly, then nodded. "Whatever." 

Death smiled and extended a hand to Olo. "Thank you Olo. I will not forget the pain I had caused you."

Olo shook Death's hand. 

"Farewell," Death turned around and returned to the door, closing it behind him as he left. 

Olo blinked, and suddenly he could hear a resounding voice that echoed from the Nothingness itself. 

*"Let there be light."*

And there was light.


-----
-----

/r/Em_pathy 

Did not expect this to get so long...


 


