Ever since I was a boy, I'd been tutored by Robert. Life in the castle was often easy. I was "soft". Sir Robert had taught me mental strength, guided me to physical strength as well as helped me to be strategic and fair to all I dealt with. I was always eager to try harder for him, whether it was spitting a mouth full of blood out after a failed block or fletching my own arrows until my fingers bled. "Trust yourself, know your shot" he'd say.

Sir Robert was the knight sent by my father occasionally to foreign lands on missions and quests. He'd return victorious each time, but he wasn't getting any younger and he'd be sent less and less frequently as others had risen to the challenge.

Three months ago, the beast had begun to terrorize the local populace. The beast had feasted on livestock and had slaughtered both of the parties of villagers who had attempted on their own to stop it. I needed to do something about it. I was the king now and I thought it was a good opportunity for us to relive our best memories together going out again. I would stop in on Sir Robert from time to time. Each time, I was verbally welcomed, but there had been a shift in his eyes. A look of self-doubt and disappointment that tore at my heart.

I had four hedge knights with me as I approached his modest home on the hill beyond the village. I found his door ripped off of its hinges and lying on the ground. Inside, it was dark, with no lanterns, but the light outside showed the interior in disarray. I dismounted, drew my sword, and called out to my friend. The others had dismounted as well and withdrew their swords and affixed their shields. Sir Harold and Sir James approached the door and went in. Their screams will haunt me for the remainder of my days. They were being torn apart. Sir Robin and Sir Leon rushed in to assist and met the same fate. I dropped my shield and sword, withdrew my bow from my steed and gathered three arrows for rapid draw.

The inside grew quiet and the beast stepped into the door frame. Seven feet tall, panting, growling, its maw and chest covered in the blood of my protectors. Now, only I remained.  The horses bucked, turned and ran for all their worth, releasing streams of liquid dung. The wild beast followed the action with his eyes, but they stopped when they reached me. He crouched and sprung, quickly covering half the distance between us. He galloped towards me to close the gap. By the time he'd landed the first leap, one arrow was in the air and the second was drawn back.  I'd struck center mass and prepared the third as the second arrow flew. I released the last, prepared the bow as a shield and withdrew my dirk. The monster was on me, slowed by the bolts, but heavy and fast. It landed on top of me and I thrust the dirk to its hilt in the beast's chest. The snapping fangs, delayed by the bow in its mouth roared in pain as I gave the dirk a twist and swirl. 

The beast's breath was heavy and foul as it began to draw down, painful and labored. My forearm was at its throat, warding off the last snap. The beast began to shift and writhe, bones popping and cracking and its features began to shift. They shifted into the visage of Sir Robert. His face still distorted, but unmistakable.  I rolled him off of me and kneeled at his side, holding his paw that shifted slowly back to a hand. He tried to talk, but he merely mouthed the words "thank you" as his eyes rolled to the right and his heart beat no more. I thanked him in whispers for his guidance and wisdom. I wept at the loss of my mentor, I wept at the loss of my friends and knights.  I wept for having to kill my friend.