There was something I was supposed to remember. But remembering wasn't what my brain was doing at the moment. My brain, and I along with it, were firmly sitting in my house, just as it was, with something that I was  sure was my son, as he was, or at least that I had been sure was my son up until right... *now*. I flitted between two realities, one where the person before me was my son, as he was, sitting in my house, as it was... and another reality. And this second reality was made quite interesting by the fact that if what was before me was my son, as he was, then he wasn't as he was, or rather, as he should have been. I watched the black eyes, and the question resounded around the room as he spoke it, and I did not know then whether or not the question was a question that my son should have been asking, as he was. As he should have been.

Again and again the question sounded, "dad, what are Earth's defense systems?" What *were* Earth's defense systems? Oh well that was easy, Earth's primary defense systems were well known even to the enemy. The enemy? My son's eyes were black, the son I didn't have, as he was. The enemies eyes were black too, weren't they? The question sounded again, like a song picking up speed. He was straining the poor boy. He was mad, I wanted to help him, to give him the answer and end his anger, I loved him...

But his eyes were black.

Had they always been black? My son's eyes, had they always been black? The son I had, as he was. But was he as he was? Was... *he* *at all*?

No. No, oh God no, I thought. No this is *wrong*.

Making my fist move was like bringing to life something long dead. When I went to give it the command it didn't even budge.

"Dad, what are Earth's defense systems?" Faster, "dad, what are Earth's defense systems?" Faster, angrier, "dad, what are Earth's defense systems?"

There was something I was supposed to remember. My fist wanted to remember what it felt like to fly though even more.

It did.

By some unfelt strength I snapped it forward, smashing into the face of the child, as he was not.

And then I remembered, it wasn't that there was something I was supposed to remember. There was something I was supposed to *not* remember.

Coldness flooded my body. All was black, and I became aware of the fact that I was sitting in my chair. Not a chair in a house, as it wasn't, as it had never been. No, I was sitting in a full\-experience module enclosure on the Killer Class Warship *Whip Star.* I heard a sound then, a tight pitter and patter in even rhythm. A dramatic slow clap. When the goggles were raised I saw Admiral Conaver standing before me in his clean morphonic uniform shining in the light of the test room, broad jaw high in the air and proud, eyes expectant. Just as he had been when I went in.

"How long..." I rasped.

"That test," began the admiral in his characteristic bright iron tone, at once booming and smooth, "was two years on your end. Lunch for me Captain."

*Two years*? Two years of life in the module, two years of life to train against the mind\-probes of the enemy. God no. I didn't want to admit it, but the feeling flashed within me like an old wound acting up in the rains of the mother planet... I had *liked* that one. I had liked my life in the simulation.

Almost on cue the Admiral spoke, "don't let the nostalgia get you down. That's part of it. Two years? Wait till it's twenty son." He said the words loud and cold, but then sighed and approached me putting his hand on my shoulder. I had to fight the urge to bite it, to fight the man that had created a family for me to love and then taken it away. "Damn fine job in there though boy. For the Earth," he said.

My eyes drifted across the test room. Suspended in vats were humanoid things, but huge and strong. Things with terrible black eyes.

"For the Earth."