Shit.

That’s the word that has been running through my brain for the last 2 hours and 37 minutes. Make that 2 hours and 38 minutes, I think as I glance down at my watch. *Shit Shit Shit Shit Shit …* this is my mantra, which is only interrupted by the occasional self admonishment that goes something like this … *come the fork on! Who gets arrested by secret police for gosh darn Reese’s Pieces, they are delicious but not worth eternal imprisonment and unknown tortures...* Getting nabbed by secret police is bad, I mean really bad, the sort of bad where you begin to wonder what kind of coffin you’d like, oak or red pine? But to make it even worse I had gotten nabbed for the stupidest of all reasons, chocolate and peanut butter. I just couldn’t resist that 2 AM craving, even though I know that going out to the store after curfew without a pass is risky at the very least and more than likely deadly. *Shit Shit Shit Shit Shit Shit …* my eyes flit over the four agents sitting around me in the back of the van, trying to assess the situation without making eye contact or drawing attention to myself. My senses are on hyper alert, my adrenaline has kicked in making me feel itchy all over, and my heart is pounding in my ears. *Shit Shit Shit Shit …Shut up heart! They can probably hear you!* Then, over the pounding in my ears, I hear a crinkle. More crinkling. Then the smell hits; chocolate and peanut butter. Suddenly my mantra cuts out, the admonishing voice in the back of my mind stops, and one clear thought enters my mind. THAT MOTHER-FORKER IS EATING MY REESE’S PIECES! Unfortunately, this one clear thought slips from my brain and comes out my mouth in a tone one ought not to take when trapped in a van with four secret police members who probably want to kill me. It seems that ration leaves me when it comes to this delicious candy. All eyes are now on me. The two agents sitting on the bench across from me smirk in unison, which makes it sinister instead of mirthful. The agent sitting to my immediate left, tenses. The fourth agent, the one on my side of the van closest to the doors, stands up. Bracing their weight on the ceiling of the van with one hand (and with MY candy in the other) they move towards me. My mantra is back. *Shit Shit Shit Shit Shit….For the record, red pine casket,*I think fleetingly. Not that I’ll get a casket at all. Rumor has it the secret police used to dump bodies in the forest outside of town, but there soon became too many and now they just incinerate them. This is what I’m thinking while the agent moves in front of me and braces their legs wide in order to get traction in the jostling van. They wait. I slowly look up – black t-shirt, tucked into black athletic pants, over black runners. My eyes pause briefly on the agent’s left hand, which holds the candy that will get me killed, before making their way to the steel blue eyes belonging to the candy thief. Our eyes lock, I have a brief moment where I think I recognize those eyes before my focus shifts to the cuffs that I am suddenly very aware are trapping my hands behind my back. I wonder if *Shit Shit Shit Shit Shit…*is running across my eye balls like a neon sign. Without saying a word the agent fishes a Reese’s Piece out of the bright orange bag and tosses it into the air while tilting their head back to catch it in their mouth. I’m not sure if they did end up catching it in their mouth, because as my eyes lifted to follow the candy, I’m punched square in the face and I black out.

As I slowly come to, I know that the punch has done some damage. My right eye is throbbing hotly and swollen shut. Which means that only one eye is opening as I come to. This might not be all that concerning except for what that eye thinks it’s seeing. The familiar face of Jamison Parker. Jami and I went to school together. In the third grade I’d peed my pants on a field trip. With some quick thinking and a water bottle full of lemonade, he’d covered for me and had never told a soul. After that we’d been inseparable. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that my battered mind is conjuring Jami at this particular moment. When the Fascist regime took over five years ago, we’d abruptly lost touch. I’d searched for a year and had found no trace of him. Eventually, I had to accept that he, along with so many others, hadn’t made it through the first wave of death that had swept through the city during the uprising. I’d never really let it go. When I try to remember that time, my head always feels fuzzy and unsettled. My memories are disjointed, probably because of the chaos and grief. My resentment towards this regime was personal and I’d maybe been more daring and antagonistic than I might have been because of it. Plus Jami had been the one to introduce me to Reese’s Pieces in college, which makes my current situation mostly his fault. As I rationalized, I began to feel a chair beneath me and the room slowly stopped spinning and righted itself. Scarily, my hallucination stayed and then began to talk. “Jay, it’s good to see you back again. I need you to just stay calm. Okay?” *Why does hallucination Jami want me to stay calm?*I think as my eyes begin to take in the room. There’s a sturdy brown desk in front of me that my hallucination is sitting on the edge of. Behind it the Fascist Regime’s flag is hanging, surrounded by bookshelves to either side. My eyes come back to Jami, who I now notice is wearing … a uniform of the Fascist Regime. This unexpected detail jolts my brain back to focus. “Jami?” *Did he just say Back Again?*  I hear a door open behind me and the agent who punched me walks inside. It suddenly occurs to me that this is not a hallucination. Jami really is standing in front of me. “Do you need help with the patient, Supreme Leader?” the agent directs the question towards Jami and two words get stuck in my brain. *Patient… are they talking about me, that’s a weird thing to call a prisoner. Supreme Leader… which, after glancing around to confirm no one else is in the room, must be Jami.…meaning this agent, the one who hurt me, reports to Jami. Jami is the leader of the fascist regime? What the absolute heck is going on?* While my brain is doing acrobats trying to make any sort of sense out of what I’m seeing, Jami has reassured the agent and we are now alone again in the room. I look at Jami, and Jami looks at me. “Reese’s Pieces, Jay. Really?” *That gosh darn agent must have ratted me out.*“That’s a bit judgey coming from you. If I remember right, it was you who once broke into our college cafeteria to get some at 3am.” I banter back. Jami smirks, it somehow looks sad, “I always think you’ll freak out. You never do, though. It makes me wonder if maybe because we invented the technology you can somehow mentally subvert it.” He then looks at me thoughtfully, like he’s expecting me to weigh in on this query. I have absolutely no idea what he’s talking about and my puzzlement must have been on my face. Seeing this, Jay is suddenly all business, he rights himself and goes to stand behind his desk. “Here’s the deal. You’ve got two options, Jay; rejoin us or be reset. You’ve been here five times in four years. You can’t seem to change course, you keep making your way back to me and resetting you doesn’t seem to help. I’d rather have you by my side, as I’ve explained before. You keep refusing. What am I supposed to do?” *What the fork. First off “rejoin”? Implication being Join Again, as in I had formally been joined. I think I’d remember that.*I’m tracing through my memories trying to figure out what Jami could possibly be referring to. Abruptly, I remember everything. College. Research into nuero-compulsion. Things going too far. As if I’ve found and a closet in my mind that I’ve forgotten about that contains an old photo album, memories begin to float back in. Jami and I started this regime together. It wasn’t meant to be like this, at least I didn’t mean it to be. Jami had adapted, decided he could make people’s lives better by controlling them. I disagreed. So, he reset me. Resetting someone is a selective wiping of certain memories and desires in someone’s mind. The theory was that people are a product of circumstance, they simply respond to their environment. If they dissented you reset them, sent them back out, and hoped their environment shifted enough to produce different action. We’d turned human kind into a science experiment. Watching things play out, resetting people when we didn’t like the outcome, and tracing them as their lives played out differently. Are heroes heroic because of something intrinsic or because some perfect storm in their environment? We’d wanted to know. People weren’t buried in the woods outside of town or incinerated, they were wiped and sent back out to live robotic, complacent lives. When people dissented, we wiped them. Mostly, their courses shifted; heroics were forgotten. Mostly. “Reset me,” I hear myself say, like it’s not even me. As if some higher conscience I didn’t know I had has taken over and made the decision for me. Jami looks unsurprised. “Ok, if that’s what you want. But Jay, I’ll see you soon.” There it was, the unsettling truth. I kept coming back. I could be reset but I kept coming back. “Reset me.” I said. So he did.