"Do you believe in destiny, Liz?"

"Don't call me that!" I snarled. "My friends call me Liz, people who care about me call me Liz."

Robert put his palms up as if to pacify me. "I understand you're upset, Liz," he said as he moved closer to rest his arm on me. I flinched away, scowling. He needed contact to wipe my memories. 

"You're a fucked up person, you know that?" I said. "What kind of sicko wipes someone's memories and then takes advantage of them!" I shook my head. "When I woke up in that bed, alone, confused, not remembering anything - you were there, but..." 

"It was either that or kill you, Liz, and I couldn't have bared to kill you," he said, his eyes were watery and he sounded sincere, but he had looked sincere when I'd woken up without memories, and he'd been holding my hand. "Even if I knew this would happen..." he said and sighed. 

I gave a short bark of laughter. "No, I'm pretty sure you didn't, Rob," I said. "Pretty sure you wanted to keep me ignorant of my past forever, and have me be your lovely little wife till the end of time."

Robert shook his head. "No...I knew how you would react if you did. There's something...more about me and you, people in general, than just memories. Call it destiny, genetics, whatever. You can wipe out their memories, but they make the same mistakes again and again. You don't see the potential in a new start, but anger over the past. You become the same person all over again, no matter how many times I try."

My eyes widened. "What do you mean by no matter how many times I try?"

Suddenly Robert moved, impossibly fast and pressed his thumb against my wrist. I didn't even have time to scream. A strangely familiar numbness began to spread through me. I couldn't recoil as Robert kissed me and caressed my cheeks. The last thing I heard sent chills down my spine, even as I faded.

"Destiny or not, Liz, I will keep trying, no matter how long it takes."
***
if you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  