Adam turned off his cell phone because he couldn’t take any chances. One text message and one peek will trigger the chip installed in his brain and he will be dead within seconds. It was a risk coming out on a “Purge Day” because one missed stop sign or one missed turn signal would cost him his life. It was a risk for anyone else but not for someone like Adam. He always took big risks. He liked playing with fire. It gave him an adrenaline rush to defy what the government. It was his way of showing the finger. And besides driving on completely deserted road at 10 AM in the morning was an opportunity he couldn’t miss. When else if not on purge day could he find pin drop silence on the streets?

Many people afraid to make any mistakes locked themselves in their homes on Dec 21 of every year. You jaywalk? You die. You download a torrent? You die. You happen to sing a song you don’t have copyrights to? You die.

There were just so many things that were deemed illegal in the world that people carried booklets with them and consulted them before doing anything at all. Something as mundane as eating was risky. Many years ago, one guy sitting at a bus stop unwrapped a piece of gum and put it in his mouth. He was listening to Aqualung on his headphones and was basking the sun with legs outstretched on the bench at the bus stop when a certain pollen came flying swiftly in a quiet woosh of the wind, landing directly on this guy’s face. He sneezed. And with it the piece of gum came out of his mouth and landed on the floor. The thud impact was heard by everyone. The lady sitting on the opposite corner had her jaws wide open and stared blankly at him. Within minutes, his brain exploded, and that piece of gum was now floating in a river of red.

This incident made headlines the very next day. But there was only so much that the censored media could write and show. Still everyone knew what exactly had happened. What started as an efficient way to curb population growth now was nothing more than a manslaughter. 

On the bright side, it worked. Mostly during the initial days of implementation. Who knew the chips that were installed in everyone’s minds days leading up to the Purge Day were this powerful? Half the population deemed the whole rigmarole to be nothing more than scary tactics. While the other half didn’t doubt the potency of this chip but relied upon their moral ground and were confident that they won’t ever do anything beyond the boundary of legality. In the end both halves got screwed. The world population had been reduced by 1/3rd overnight.

And 20 years later, Adam was still on the road heading towards Las Vegas. He liked the attention. The look on people’s faces when he told them he was driving on Dec 21st. If this isn’t true bravery then what is?

Adam rolled his windows down. He had now reached Oregon. He had been waiting to reach here since long. He turned on some Pink Floyd on his car stereo and opened the glove compartment. Rummaging through he found his stash of weed. He lit it up and started providing background vocals to Roger Water’s Hey You. You see, it was legal to smoke weed in Oregon. And Adam wasn’t the one to miss this golden opportunity.

Taking precautionary measure, he noted down his speed and calculated the exact time he would need to cross the Oregon borders. Carefully calculating the speed-distance equation, Adam accounted for 95 minutes of driving with weed in his hand. Once he crosses Nevada borders, weed is off limits.

Now had Adam been an Asian, he would be alive today.