"Serial killers are so- I don't know, hung up; One note?" I circled Edger where he was tied in a chair. "I mean, what's your deal? Blond guys? Male insurance salesmen with blue eyes?"

 Edger squirmed against the duct tape.

"I wasn't being rhetorical: what the fuck is your deal?"

"Don't you watch the news?"

"Oh no, no, I am much too busy. Your crimes have been reported in the press?"

"The Blue Eyed Devil."

"Ha! I called it. You kill blue eyed men."

"But it's more than that!"

"Of course." I concurred.

But he was off and ranting and continued as if I had said nothing. "It's your stature, your bearing and poise. It's an indefinable, subtle thing. A certain-"

"Your biological father." I interupted his waxing wrath as I could tell he was just ramping up. My words took the air out of his lungs as if I'd struck him.

"Wh- what father. I never..."

"You did." I waved his wallet around and gestured to my computer. "Until you were six and your mom finally got tired of ER visits and sunglasses indoors and got free of his rage. She'd hook up with another violent abuser, in a few years, of course."

"Dean." Edger sneered the word, his common-law-father-in-law. 

"It's all right here," I turned the screen toward him and let him see my rudimentary research. Police reports, news articles and blogs a few Google searches had yielded. "If you spent as much time on your own past as you do stalking your victims this wouldn't be a suprise."

His eyes widened and he bellowed like a wounded animal.

"Guess mom never talked about him. But, like, the dog cage you spent the first five years of your life in probably makes for poor dinner conversation, huh?" 

By this time Edger "The Blue Eyed Devil" Anderson was writhing around like a worm on a hook, the leading edge of his repressed childhood memories only just beginning to surface. He frothed, he bucked, he squealed like a fish knife was flaying his genitals. 

It was exquisite. 

It was more unmitigated pain and suffering a sadist thrill killer like me could hope for. When I flatter myself, I am Death- indiscriminate and elemental. Really, though, I'm just a sick twisted fuck who started on house pets and worked my way up. I keep moving, I have no MO or serial type. When someone disappears it's either by choice, misadventure or someone like me. 

Edger kept me entertained for days but eventually he died. It's not like I feed them or anything. Oh, you might like me right now. But Edger just *happened* to be vile and so I leave this missive to let people know no further kills can be attributed to This One. 

Maybe I have a little pride in my accomplishments.