Once upon a time, there was a Furby with one eye ball. The Furby went to the store to pick up a loaf of bread for an unknown holiday. As he was exiting the store, he looked up at the yellow sky, and saw three comets falling from it.

The Furby shrugged and went on his way to his car. When he got to his car, there was a red banana sitting on top of his car's hood. The Furby gave the banana an evil glare. He tightened his grip around his shopping bag and used the bag to whack the banana.

"I told you not to sit there!!", he angrily yelled. Afterwards, he opened the driver's side door and sat quicky inside his car. He turned the ignition key, and drove off erratically out of the parking lot letting the red banana fall splatting to the ground.

The Furby drove 12 minutes down a bumpy street while gritting his beak. He didn't even notice a flying tape dispenser tapping on his windshield. The tape dispenser kept tapping the window for about a minute before giving up and flying away.

A giant mug, full of tea, was sitting in the middle of the road. The Furby saw it immediately and slammed his break. The car lurched back before sputtering to a halt a mere inch away from the mug. The Furby got out of his car and walked crankily towards the giant mug. "Hey, Joe. Today isn't Tea Day."

The mug slowly turned until its handle was facing the Furby. Two beady eyes sat parallel to the handle on both sides if the handle. "What? ......Ok." The giant mug shivered for a bit before it started to blow something out of its top. It was the tea. The tea came splashing out like a volcano slashing the entire road.

"Much better," mused the Furby and he went briskly back to his car. Once seated, he pressed the gas pedal hard allowing the car to zoom straight towards the giant mug. Not once did the car swerve or slow down. He just kept going straight.

The car went through the mug as if it was a ghost, and continued on as if nothing happened. Another five minutes later. the Furby stopped the car along the side of the road. He took one step out of the car and looked up at the purple sky. A giant planet-sized marshmallow was heading towards him from above. The Furby opened his beak wide. His face expressed great joy.

Once the marshmallow engulfed him, he woke up in his own bed with a giant banana pillow clutched under his right wing. The Furby turned over to look at his alarm clock. His expression turned into a horrified one.

"I'm late for buying bread!!"

The End