'Too dangerous to be taught.' My entire life, my family had all said I had no magic ability. Then, when my best friend/crush dares me to apply to magic school, I get this bullshit? Oh hell no. Time for my parents to feel the justified wrath of a teenage boy who's lifelong dream of using magic was squashed without knowing why.

"MOM, DAD, YOU BETTER HAVE A GOOD FUCKIBG EXCUSE, BECAUSE I AM A BALL OF HATRED AND ANGST AND WILL DESTROY YOU BOTH IF I SEE HESITATION IN YOUR EYES!" I yelled at them from the living room where I had opened the letter. Immediately, I could tell they were both angry from the speed of their footsteps, but my normal carefree and considerate personality was currently on break, and anger was the only word to describe me.

"Luke Edward Ja-"

"WHY AM I TOO DANGEROUS TO BE TAUGHT MAGIC?!" I yelled at Dad in the middle of his sentence, which made him flinch, as I hated being interrupted and didn't interrupt anyone else either.

"I- Where did you-" My mother started, although I instantly shushed her, earning an angry glare from both my life-givers.

I quickly held up my denial letter and pointed at where it was from and the reason for my rejection. I was an above average student, so if I wasn't so dangerous, I don't doubt I would've been accepted.

"Why-"

"I did it on a dare, mom. So, explain, now." My face darkened as I looked at them, needing the information. They looked each other with a secret glance that all parents had between each other that agitated me. I hate being left out. If I see two of my friends talking, I have to come swoop in and join the conversation or else my mind will just turn that uncertainty into distrust, treachery, or anything like that.

My parents then explained that as a newborn I had my magical ability appraised, and apparwnrly my magic was way too powerful for my body. They said that if I ever used my magic before I turned 16, I would die. How I would die would depend on whatever spell I had attempted to use. After hearing this, my personality went from a blazing pit of fire and ashes to a small barbeque accident.

So, I apologized for yelling and cursing, and made them promise to teach me everything I needed to know before I could use my magic. And thus, my two year training began.

It was... Fairly simple, actually. I just needed to understand how to do the magic, since they would not teach me how to activate a spell until I turned 16. To me, magic summed up as think clearly of what you want to happen, concentrate on that, and don't release your grip on that image until you want the spell to end. Of course, they taught me other types of magic spells, like alchemy, where I had to draw a magic circle before I could do anything. But, I have the artistic ability of a walnut, so I opted out of that. But, since my Bff and crush, Maddie, was mastering it, I learned how to use the magic circles and did my beat to not accidentally turn the living room into the stomach of a giant ox.

Two years flashed by in an instant, and I was surprised to find out how strong my magic was, and that my body could barely handle the simplest spell without imploding. I'll never forget my first spell. Levitation. I levitated a plate of my Mom's famous fries over to my lap, and levitatied each and every one into my mouth. I was buzzing with energy afterwards, partly from the adrenaline rush the pain had given me after the spell ended. Apparently, the damage only registers after the spell is completed. Loophole found. If only there was a spell that was set to be constantly active and take as little concentration as possible. But, alas, loopholes are easy to find, yet hard to abuse.

So, after that amazing experience of using magic, I reapplied to the same magic academy I had applied to two years ago. A day later, the whole staff had come to our house, saying how honored they were that the protege, nay, the Grandmage of the era had decided to join their school.

I had personally chosen it for two reasons.

A, it was the best school in America, and I wasn't going over to England with their Death Eaters and shit.

B, Maddie was going their too, and she was personally invited by the head of alchemic practices in the school. She had told me the old teacher had practically begged her to join, and she gave in. Most likely for the same reason as A.

So, 3 weeks later, I was standing next to my crush, being able to finally use magic. Gotta say, it felt FUCKING amazing. And the best part? I was already a genius with academics, so I had no problems there. And after learning basically everything about magic without having to go over how to cast it, I just needed to get used to casting before I was the top in every class, except alchemy. They force you to free hand draw the seal. That's still the only thing that bugs me about this class. I had taken some drawing lessons from Maddie, and could draw only one seal- Summon Food. Just draw the seal and imagine the food, and it poofs there. Only problem is that it doesn't actually make the food- it steals it from whoever the seal judges as the one who needs it the least.

So, naturally, I wonder who the seal decides to steal from every time I use it, and it makes me feel guilty.

Over the last year of that school, me and Maddie became a couple. Then, at the last month of school, everything crashed and burned. She suddenly abandoned me for a bunch of the "cool kids" who were just using magic to get high, steal shit, and live the easy life. I didn't really like them, so I left her to hang with them without ever joining them. Turns out, she was getting high with them, and doing a bunch of things with the most attractive guy in the group that we would never do.

So, once I found out, I broke up, and the last I heard of her was she went to jail for robbing the most used bank in America. She apparently lost her left eye and right leg in the heist, and got the others caught with her trail of blood. I wish I could've saved the calm, cool girl that I had once loved. But, I had already met the love of my life.


We had met a year after I had graduated, at the part time job I worked at. Her name is Sarah, and if I had to describe her in one word, it would be energetic. She's a perfect opposite to my calm nature, but we have fun together, making terrible jokes that make everyone feel pain, to watching movies together and talking about what we liked and didn't like. (We almost always agreed that the main love interest could have been better.)

We had fun, and it turned put we would stay co workers when we both became newbies in the military. Me, with my body that could now fully handle my massive power, was apart of the elite squadron used to destroy entire enemy bases. Sarah, with her Foresight, or ability to predict an enemies' specialty in magic, was assigned to the same squad. In the heat of the battlefield, surrounded by people who wanted us dead, our relationship was hammered like a sword straight out of the forge. And after we had both returned from our third operation, we had simultaneously retired after I proposed after a movie night we had at my home.

Then, here I am, with my beautiful and energetic bride, living in our home with our adopted children. (Since I was born a complete magical monster, the government had forbidden me from having children, as the second they are out of the womb they could accidentally explode.)

We didn't care that our children didn't look like us, as we loved them all the same. Here, living this amazing life, I realized that without magic, I could've had all the things I have now, without the scars. But, I wouldn't trade the ability to summon free food for anything, except my new family.