"Monday, November 5, 3042

Cleburne and the others are having a celebration tonight. Not sure I want to go.

I dreamt of that night again. The night the ships departed. I'd never seen a light so bright as it blasted towards lies and broken promises. I'd never felt so cold. The night had never been so quiet."

I hollowly stare at my notebook. Words nobody else would ever see. As I reread what I wrote, their potency rises a paralyzing gas from the trails carved by my pen. My breath deepens. I don't think I've fully processed what's happened yet. Two years out, the world already knows what we've done.

People have already adapted. National alliances have been made. Some have been in on the plan the whole time. Once the shock was gone, the veil was lifted - the lies we told them debunked - they were quick to accept the truth. Most of them welcomed it. The downtrodden had been fighting for equality and respect for ages. And now the field had been leveled. With nearly half of the world's population gone, promises have already been made for a better future. More resources. Less corruption. An end to war. Or so they promised. The rich, the flawed, the zealous, the privileged; all sent away on ships, believing the rest of us would be on our way right behind them.

The calm eyes of my brother placate me, his photograph peeking out of a slightly loose panel in the confines of my sleeping pod. The only place he exists on this planet anymore. I wish I could have told him. I hear the pistons of the door release. Somebody's coming.

"Hammond?"

I hide my notebook under my shirt, tucked in my bra. I open my pod, pretending to have just woken up. It's Davis.

"Hammond! Cleburne is about to speak. You need to get out of bed. Now. Get up."

My act is wasted on Davis.

"Get up, get up, get up, get up."

"I know, I know! I'm getting!"

"How're we supposed to take you seriously as a scientist, Hammond? Huh? We already have our doubts about you and this doesn’t help. We have the world to rebuild. Get your ass to the conference room."

Impatient eyes scan me up and down.

"And don't show up looking like that. Put on something nice."

Davis kicks my pod closed for me and swaggers out of the room. Anger echoes through the corridor in heavy stomps. We should have never gotten involved. I pull my glasses from my pocket and put them on. The bruise on the back of my neck pulsates with every stomp, remembering our last encounter in my sleeping pod.

I start through the hallways of the complex towards the conference room. There's no way things are getting better. The world always been fucked and there's no way to fix that. There is no reset button. There is no group of people you can get rid of to fix everything. Some of the smartest minds on the planet put this plan together and they couldn't even see that.

I make an unexpected turn. My feet lead me towards the security room. I see all of them on the dim screen sitting in a circle. Cleburne is already speaking but I don’t give a fuck what she has to say. I don’t care what any of them have to say. Davis, Thomasson, Reyes, Agarwal - The lie they've convinced themselves of is no better than what we told all of those men on the ships. They want to rebuild the right way? We are all the problem. I don't care if they've found a way to genetically engineer the perfect beings. I don't care if all they need is mothers. I don’t care if all the men on this planet were fuck ups. I miss my brother. My father was a good man.

There's only one way to fix this now.

My security card will grant me clearance. I only have so much time before they notice I'm gone too long. I reroute to the generator room. I locate the fuses for the refrigeration systems. All the seeds of man. I shut down the power. I open my notebook to a drawing my brother made me. A portrait he sneakily drew of himself.

&#x200B;