Astonished I wander through the wide corridors. 
There is a strange but beautiful composition of ancient blades, crested rods and polished guns hanging from the walls and glistening in the dim light of a thousand candles. My eyes fall on weapons so powerful they are known in all dimensions - and beyond. I spot Excalibur, it´s golden blade staring knowingly back at me. 
Mjölnir, exchanging dancing blue sparkles of energy with Zeus´s Thunderbolt. 

I´m taken aback by the pure and cold deadliness displayed in front of me. 
*Here´s where all great warriors come to. Here they are given the tools to become legends. To slay evil. To safe worlds.* 
That´s what they said before pushing me inside.
*Enough questions. Now go ... and find.*

And here I am, in the midst of ... something ... somewhere I don´t belong. I am no warrior. I am not great. And I definitely do not safe worlds. 
I am just ... me. 

I stroll on, making my way deeper inside this ... exhibition? *One million things to accidentally kill your partner with before breakfast.*
I begin to play advertisements in my head for each weapon that I pass. 

*Freyr's Sword? A sword so good it fights by itself. Only now with the exclusive feature: Being a warlord for dummies!*

*The Sword of Gryffindor! Never worry about leaving your blade at home! Guaranteed to appear in the face of trouble. Comes with a stylish vintage hat.*

*Han Solo´s Blaster! Always shoot first with this despecialized Edition!*

I giggle. Why not have a little fun while trying to find my way out?
Suddenly I´m serious again. I look around and realize that I have no clue where I´ve come from. Guess I´m stuck in here until... until I´ve found *IT*.

I sigh. How can I find myself a weapon when I´ve never wielded one before?
Well, I need to try something.

I search for a bit until I find something that doesn´t look like I´m gonna chop my head of within a second of holding it. It´s a small dagger containing golden sand. 
The *Dagger of Time*. I smile. If something goes wrong, I can simply jump back a few seconds and try again. I grab it. It doesn´t move. Not an inch.

Would have been too easy...
It´s the same for every other rod or blade or whatever I try to move. 
Well then, back to strolling around. 

As I pass the lightsaber division for the third time, I catch something in the corner of my eye. Or rather something missing. 
Some corridors to my right, there´s no glistening or shimmerring or reflecting of light of any kind, although I can dimly see one hook on the wall, carrying something I cannot identify. 

Slowly, and then faster I begin to approach my new target. There´s a feeling in my gut that draws me towards it. *This must be it. The weapon destined for me!*
Excitement rushes through my veins as I press on. Only two corridors lie between me and my aim. One...

I realize I am now running towards it. My heart speeds and sweat stains my robe...

I reach it. I stop. I look. I think. 

In front of me hangs a pencil. 
Normal sized and surrounded by dusty old sheets of parchment. 

Not the kind of weapon I expected.
Cautiously I reach out to the pencil and take it off from the wall. 
There´s not even the slightest bit of resistance. I grab a sheet of parchment and stare at both items I am holding. 

I press the pencil onto the parchment and start to move it in a familiar way.
I look down on what I have written.

In this moment I realize the immense power that I am holding within my hands. 

It is a word.








