This job fitted me like a glove, an oversized one. There was a reason why I was on the verge of sleeping under a bridge, and no, it wasn't because of my love for adventure nor because I enjoyed the caress of the quivering concrete, or the eternal honking of the cars at 5 P.M.. It wasn't either due to my empty wallet, which was a clear reflection of my comedic abilities, but it was due to how much I loved architecture, and bridges were the apotheosis of architecture, in my non-believer opinion, of course.

Anyway, I'm going off on a tangent, I've always sucked at drawing graphs. Back to the story.

My job came out of nowhere when I was crossing down the street, and a car hit me. Call it fate, call it me forgetting I'm colorblind, but an old friend came out of the car, and we exchanged lifestories in the middle of the street ignoring the blaring curses of the other mad men.

One thing lead to another, and he offered me a job. I hesitated a bit because it involved comedy, and I was truly enjoying my sporadic venture in bridges' archictecture. Which means I didn't hesitate at all, and took it without a second thought.

The job was easy, I had to stand in banks and ATMs holding a fake credit card in my hand, and pretend to be inspecting it while thinking jokes. Apparently some of the mind readers have escaped their scammy habitats of tarot and fortunetelling and decided to use their powers to steal money in new ways.

Well, at first I went with the classic: why did the chicken cross the road? I knew too many of those, and they all failed miserably to the point where my friend told me to up my game a little bit because he couldn't catch anyone laughing with those.

And so, after that warning, I returned back to the bridge. Architecture always inspired me to think of some jokes. There was something about those archs, those curves that sent my heart in a wild, blood-pumping rollercoaster that made my mind ran in ineffable ways, awakening my creativity like a necromancer rises the dead from their graves. And then I set the Hulk comic down, stared at the bridge, and a joke came to me.

The next day I went to the bank, did my usual routine, and thought, *What is green and sits crying in the corner.* I paused for effect. *The Incredible Sulk.*

I looked around with a smirk, confidence coursing through my veins, and walked out the bank, well aware I had done a good job that day.

But my friend came and told me they'd hired another comedian, and gave me all the blabla about how he tried to keep me in their team, and how good I was, and all that gibberish.

Of course I knew he was lying, his thoughts were crystal clear, and so I thanked him for the opportunity, and went to the bridge, kissed its concrete, and said goodbye. I had gathered many credit card numbers in the bank, and I truly had to thank my friend for enlightening me. I'd always thought the voices were just normal madness.

I shuddered. That explains why I heard so many curses in my stand-up days.

---------------------------

r/NoahElowyn --- Consider checking it out if you enjoyed the story! I have many more over there.    