Greetings, this is an excerpt from my best-selling self help novel "My Son's Battle With Prophetic Heroism Syndrome that I would love to share with my literal captive audience. Many of you know me as Emperor Deathbane, conqueror of planet Earth and consumer of souls, but there is more to me than that. At home I am a family man who loves nothing more than his beautiful succubus of a wife, his adorable little hellhound pup, and his young son who is the highlight of his life; mostly because he staged an insurgency that killed fifty percent of my military and destroyed my well of souls ruining any chance of immortality I previously had, but that was all during his young rebellious stages. At age of 16, my best and brightest doctors told me my son would love nothing more than to drive the Spear of The Gods through my heart freeing all the souls I've consumed and ending the thousand years of suffering my reign foretold. At first I did not believe in the condition of "Chosen Oneness" or "Prophetic Heroism" and claimed it was just him being rebellious, but then I saw the proof. He started showing all the signs within weeks, taking quests from villagers, crafting enchanted weaponry with extra damage to demons, and I even saw him level up from slaying my underlings. Now, this angered me greatly as you can imagine, losing your friends and allies is never fun as you all likely know (probably from my doing). Yet I could never take my rage out on him for he is my son, instead I took several deep breaths, then razed a couple of villages to take the stress off. I then proceeded to send him to his room as any responsible parent would, but being the rebellious young boy he was he slew my guards and warden in order to escape. Being that those were unionized orcs, it cost quite a bit to settle the debts this brought about. At this moment, I understood I had to intervene, the losses were piling up and I could no longer afford to deal with all his destruction. So I did what any reasonable parent would do, and invaded his insurgency's stronghold with the full force of my hellish military. We fought for days, men dying all around me, my demons bursting into ash until we eventually captured him alive. I then looked my son in the eyes, ready to negotiate, but he was just so rebellious. He spit in my eyes, claiming I destroyed this world and damned everyone to hell, which I must say is far from true. Since my rule began, the Postal service has gone up significantly in quality and the brand new infrastructure has sped up transportation rates greatly (Was I not a genius for building portals out of remains of fallen heroes to bridge the continents?). I simply responded with "Son, I am disappointed in you, but I will once more offer you a spot in my dark legion, do you accept your father's generous offer"? He then lunged at me with his spear screaming "Victory or death!" at the top of his lungs. This was no worry, I grabbed the spear with my hand, sighed and in my calmest tone said "we can get ice cream on the way home". With the last of his strength as we fought over the spear he managed to spit out the single phrase "can I have chocolate sprinkles?". With a twinkle in my eyes I answered "Yes, even double scooped if you like". And so that is how the Great Rebellion ended and I won my son over from the dark clutches of heroism. I hope you enjoyed this little excerpt and would consider buying the full tome. Just remember the Dark Imperium has branded this a must read and we will begin checking all homes in the next five hours, if you do not own it, be prepared to be sacrificed to the dark gods.