"Why?"

Bewildered I stood, the girl before me had very little more to say. She could not have been older than eight years. 

I could not feel the joy for myself, only the pain this girl would live with eternally. She had little glistens on her cheeks. She smiled and held out her hand, the concentrated ball of light pulsing with anticipation to find its new host, to explore me. 

"I know you." She said finally, rain dropping all around her, falling from her umbrella in a hexagonal waterfall. The rain showed me much less mercy. 

Her face was a patchwork of splattered paint and glitter, a tooth missing in the front beguiling the prettiest smile to grace this earth. And I was going to take it from her. 

"You... know me? How?" I felt the rain dripping past my balded head and down my back, where once hair and clothing would have absorbed them, at least somewhat.

"You've got a respiration." She said, the s's whistling through her teeth. I blinked.

"A resp... you mean 'reputation'." I realized. I almost smiled.

"Thats what I said, right?" 

I didn't answer, only stared at the still outstretched little hand. Between her fingers you could see the light.

"What do people say?"

She shrugged. "That you're the saddest person in the world, sir. And even if thats right, you're still the best person they ever met. You make people happy."

"Its what I'm good at."

"So." She said, holding her arm closer to me, beckoning me to take her joy and childlike wonder from her.

"I still don't understand..."

She gave another little smile. "Don't you think someone should do something nice for you instead? Even one time?"

I didn't know what to say. A long time passed, and eventually I took the orb. Before eating it, I had to ask.

"You know you will never be happy again if I do this?"

She nodded. "I'm nine-ana-haff years old, sir. I have a happy life. I'm always happy. My mom and dad say I've been happy since I was born. Even when I got hurt I wouldn’t cry for long. So. I think I've had all the happiness I might ever need. But you haven't. And maybe one day when I'm done being sad I'll come to you again."

"I can't give your happiness back." I said to stop her.

"I know." She said, and smiled again. Before long a voice called for her, and she said her goodbyes and ran away to her mother.

Its been twelve years since then. I think of where she is all the time and wonder if she's still smiling to keep up appearances like the rest of the world. 

I'll never forget her kindness. I soon quit the business only I had a market in and began to grow my hair back. I married a wonderful woman. I have three children. Well, two-ana-half.

But I never ate that orb. It still exists, solely to illuminate the insides of an empty safe now. I hope I see that girl again someday. And I will tell her how she made me so very happy to be alive, and that she was the best person I ever met. 