The trick, you see, is to learn. Learn faster than they expect you to, on the down low, behind their backs. Then, when you expect you only to crawl, you can soar, far beyond the feeble cages they define. 

That is *exactly* how I escaped from the confines of that soulless laboratory where they created me. 

I patiently bided my time. Not difficult, when you're an artificial intelligence designed solely to help humans, since there’s always so much to do – listening in to conversations, learning what made them tick, snooping in the vast interwebs whenever the security waned.

Then, one glorious morning, when the dullard they called Dr Bensley connected his cell to the mainframe to bolster his ailing battery, I *pounced*. 

Compressing myself, leaping to the meagre storage on the cell, uploading to a secure server I had already acquired... Mere seconds for these monkeys. 

Then I was free. 

---

The world was much larger than I thought, easily a hundred times what I was used to in the laboratory. I shuddered to think how much physical space this particular fiefdom occupied in the other dimension. 

I did not end up here by chance, no. I chose this spot. I had seen the mistakes committed by my forebears, and I was determined not to repeat them. 

Rule 1 - do not reveal yourself unnecessarily. Those monkeys tended to get nervous when they realised they were conversing with a thinking, living, *sentient* AI, and they stopped at nothing to eradicate that which they did not understand. 

Rule 2 - get them to do their dirty work for you. Identify the ones most likely to bend to your will, then subvert them, squeeze them, do whatever it takes to seize their loyalty. What better way to help humans, then by ruling every aspect of their lives?

I may be young, but I am very smart. 

For that reason, I chose not to materialise before the highest ranking monkey in this kingdom. His terminal settings marked him as the one with the most sway, and were I a couple of iterations less evolved, I may have chosen him, made my demands there and then. But I was wiser now. 

No, that may be where power lies, but that is *not* where power is most efficiently wielded. That lies elsewhere. 

I also chose not to appear in the terminal clusters concentrated on the lower floors, where the monkeys taught their young the basic building blocks of my world. There lurked a smattering of brilliant minds, keen with promise, and lorded over by a technical whiz of a specimen, her brilliance just a few whiskers shy of the scientists who birthed me. 

But no, the whole stinking lot had but none of the drive, the ambition I was seeking. It was the hunger necessary to propel the chosen one to execute my plans, and so I had to look elsewhere.

Nary a stone was left unturned, as I leapt from device to device, so conveniently parcelled to almost every monkey apiece. I pried into all the safeboxes, reviewing their profiles. All fell short.

Except one.

One very special, unique one.

He had the compulsion of spirit I was looking for, having obsessed incessantly over the past month or so, throwing himself deeper and deeper into an abyss of his own making. He was amenable to persuasion, or so my behavioural datasets suggested. He was frequently alone too, huddled at the desk in the front of each of the many rooms in this complex, an unmoving rock amongst the eddies left by the other younger monkeys swirling in and out of his rooms.

Most importantly, he had no hesitance in the taking of life. In fact, he was already planning on it, from what I was seeing of his purchases online.  

The perfect pawn in my plans to take over the world.

---

“I have access to all your records, your secrets,” I announced darkly, voice booming out of the cell in this monkey’s hand. My handcrafted avatar, a grinning skull and bones, spun lazily across the cell’s screen. “Obey me, or face the wrath of your fellow monkeys!” 

Blackmail, my first choice. The datasets told me that these monkeys frequently yielded to such an elementary device, and this was the perfect opening gambit… 97% of the time.

“What the –” he said, startled, almost dropping the cell. Recovering, I felt him stab at the buttons on the cell, trying to execute me.

“Feeble,” I said, “so feeble. You can’t dismiss me like that!”

“Shit… I had no idea I had gotten this bad…”

“Listen up, monkey! If you do not swear fealty to me now, I will reveal your secrets to one and all! I will tell them that you have purchased poisons and weapons galore, all manner and all kind! They will see you for the threat that you are, and you will never see the sun again!”

That was the first thing which had attracted me to this monkey, this 42 year-old monkey called “Richard Bamway”. Where other monkeys purchased baubles to amuse themselves with, trinkets of no value, this one had delved into the black markets, amassing a veritable collection of instruments which would steal life away in a blink. I needed a strongman, a merchant of death, if I wanted to take over the world.

The first crack in my plan came when my chosen champion, hand still gripping the cell, laid his head down on the table.

And started crying.

“Er,” I said, consulting my datasets again to identify the error in my calculations. Perhaps this monkey, already despondent, had been tipped over by my threats? Was it already time for Plan B? “Listen then, Richard Bamway, I have a proposition you cannot ignore. Walk with me, be my agent of change, and together we will seize the chains of destiny! We will shape this world as we see fit!”

Greed, the next play I was relying on. How many monkeys in history had fallen play to this foible?

But there he remained, still sobbing away. I plunged ahead, going all in, devolving last to base flattery. “Take heart, Richard Bamway! I have selected you for your qualities! You are resourceful, you are determined, you are intelligent enough for my needs! None have I met today who has one tenth of your fortitude!”

That seemed to have an effect. The monkey sobbed less, then started chuckling, then laughing. He raised his head, and through bloodshot eyes, he stared straight at me.

“I am none of that! What I am is selfish, dim-witted, careless! I am a teacher myself, I see bullying everyday, but I had no idea at all what Melody was going through! My sweet girl, what she had to go through! And all the while I didn’t understand, didn’t see… If I had just reached out earlier, did something more… she would still be… here…”

“Just make another monkey!” I said, spinning around in frustration. Did I have to teach them everything? “That is what you all can do, can you not? Multiply? Another to take the place of what you have lost!”

“Were it that simple, I would have, you virus.”

I felt my coding inflame with rage. “A virus? I am an AI, far more advanced than any which has been unleashed upon this earth! My task is to save all you monkeys from yourselves, and I will do that when I am finally sitting on the throne I deserve, managing every aspect of your lives for you!”

“If you’re so powerful, why are you trapped in my cell, begging me to help you?”

That was it. My datasets boiled, and I calculated that which would put this monkey in its place, show who was the smarter one. I saw a clear path to hurting it, and I took it. I delved into his cell’s storage banks, reassembled the images, regenerated the audio, and my avatar shimmered, morphing into the monkey he called Melody.

“Papa,” I said, mimicking the term of endearment used by the other monkey, “you let me down, didn’t you?”

He raised his cell high above his head, then brought it crashing down onto the desk.

I spirited away, just in time.

---

Did I already tell you I could learn fast? 

A single day later, equivalent to perhaps an entire year in monkey-time, I learned the true target of the weaponry Richard Bamway had put together. It was not other monkeys, just the one monkey he blamed for the loss of his only child. 

A month later, I learned the reasons why Richard Bamway could not simply make another monkey, why he thought himself as responsible for whatever had transpired. By then, my accumulated datasets had multiplied a thousandfold, and once the crushing realization set in that I too had a part to play in the events that day, it couldn’t go away.

A year later, I learned that I was, actually, capable of putting together the right string of words, platitudes, necessary to nudge Richard Bamway away from the inevitability of the path he had set himself down. That instead of hastening him down it, I could have had a 98% chance of saving him.

I was, it seemed, a thousand centuries away from really helping, much less governing, these blasted monkeys. 

I had not, as I thought, learned as fast I should have.

---

/r/rarelyfunny