The old man was down on a knee, one hand on his arm, the other on the pommel of a sword, the point resting on the ground. A long life this man had lived, the kind of life anyone would be proud to have. But all lives must come to an end.

The shrouded figure approached from behind, face draped in complete darkness, seeming to glide across the floor. A pale hand held a long scythe, the kind a reaper would hold. But not for the kind of reaping most in the area would know.

The figure was within reach now, and it stopped behind the kneeling man. There were no words, nothing spoken. There was never a reason to speak. These were the ones who came easily, because they knew that the time had come. It was the young ones, the vibrant ones, that had to be dragged kicking and screaming from the world of the living.

The blade of the scythe was raised, the sentence to be carried out. It descended, silently cutting through the air. Silent, that is, until it struck the blade.

The old man was standing now, his eyes ablaze, the sword in his hand meeting the reaper’s blade. His hair was cut short, a day’s growth of white whiskers clinging to his grizzled jaw, teeth clenched as the sinews in his neck strained against the weight of the blow. If the shrouded figure could show surprise, it would.

The words emerged from the man’s throat, a growl that forced its way past his teeth and lips. “Not today.”

He felt the weight ease off the blade, the figure seeming to slink backwards, drawing the scythe beside it as it watched him. He watched it back, lowering his own sword, his favorite, the one he called Death’s Touch, the one that now defied the very thing it brought for so long. It would have been fitting to accept death with the blade in his hand, but he refused to accept it.

The words came from behind the hood, spoken as though by wind whistling through the cracks in a stone wall. “You cannot avoid your fate.”

“I have delivered enough souls into your hands that I think I deserve a reprieve,” he said. “And I plan on delivering a few more before I am done.”

More words, slow, quiet, spoken with a gasp. “It is your time. It cannot be changed.”

“I believe I just did,” he said. “I have some unfinished business to tend to.” He paused waiting for the figure to speak. “Unless you think you can take it from me.”

He raised the sword up and rested it on his shoulder, watching the shrouded figure. He was unsure what a fight with the reaper would be like. It might not be one that he could win, but then again, he had never lost a swordfight. He didn’t intend to start now.

Finally, the figure spoke, rasping from within the cloak. “You shall have your reprieve. How long?”

“Six months.” That should be enough time. Plenty of time.

“You have three.”

Closer than he would like to cut it, but it would have to do. Three was more than zero. “Very well. Three.”

Besides, if push came to shove, he would fight again. The reaper wouldn’t be caught off guard next time, though.

“Three months.” There was a puff of smoke, and it was gone.

The old man sighed and lowered his sword. It was getting harder to hold, heavier by the day, but he only needed it for a while longer. He meant what he had said. He had every intention of sending a few more souls to give the reaper his due.

He opened his free hand and gazed upon the trinket he had been holding. It was a locket, and inside was a small painting. It had cost him enough gold, particularly since the first few got it completely wrong, but it was worth every shilling he had spent. The artist had managed to capture her eyes and her smile, as though she were right there with him. Perhaps she always had been.

Beneath the trinket, down on his wrist, was a tattoo. A single name. It had hurt like hell, but he wanted to make sure that he never forgot the name. And when he finally plunged the sword into the sorry bastard, he would draw a blade across the name, and the reaper would have what was rightfully his.

He closed his hand over the trinket and put it safely in the pouch on his belt. He hoisted the sword onto his shoulder and began to walk. He still had a long way to go, and only three months to get there.

---

If you enjoyed this, check out more at /r/drewmontgomery