Warmth flushed their cheeks as Rob and Rachel took a picture of their beloved Husky and the photo of him laying on the floor on his back, attentively looking up at his masters, tongue lazily hanging out of his mouth... he was such a cute puppy. 
The twins tried to get creative. They took photos of relatively new cemeteries, out of morbid curiosity, former forests that had been developed into housing and strip malls... their town had changed a lot in the past ten years. 
"What about our house?" Rob exclaimed.
"What about it?" Rachel asked quizzically.
"We can find out where we were and what we were doing 10 years ago!" 
"Rob, we were still in the womb ten years ago, what are you expecting to find out?"
"Oh... right," Rob sheepishly responded. "Aren't you curious at all about what our room was used for before we were born?"
Rachel drew her eyebrows together and looked off to the side as she pondered the idea.
"I never thought of that... I am quite curious, now that you mention it." 
"Should we aim it from the door or the opposite corner by the windows?" Rob wondered.
"Windows, looking into the room. Does it really make a difference if we capture the weather from a decade ago?" Rachel replied snobbishly.
"Jesus, what's your problem?"
"You're asking so many dumb questions, just take the damn picture!" Rachel snapped.
"Oooooh you swore, I'm telling mom!"

Rachel blocked him from reaching the door and punched him in the shoulder. The camera clicked. Rob had hit the button by accident... and then the "Polaroid" camera ejected the photo and the twins waited while the picture came into focus. Their eyes widened and they simultaneously gasped.

There stood a woman holding a large serrated knife, the blade covered in blood, with her back to the camera. An arm-less man laid on the floor, his stubs that were once his limbs drawn in to him and his face forever petrified in photographic form of agony and terror... 

Rob dropped the camera and it shattered on the floor and he threw the photo in almost a pushing motion as if to get the disgusting image away from him. 
"Rob...where am I in this photo?" Rachel eeked out, her voice high and strained.

They picked it up again and looked closer. The woman had a tattoo that circled her left wrist and her dress hung funnily over her body. And then right when that detail sparked something in their memory, they noticed a face in the dark doorway. A man-sized figure, his eyes squinted but glowing white as his teeth in a sadistic smile. 

Their mother walked in the bedroom then. "What are you two doing...? Seriously, you broke your new camera already? What the hell is wrong with you two, you've barely had it a day!"

That's when the twins noticed their mother wasn't wearing her characteristic bracelets on her left arm. And there it was. The dawning realization of who the woman was in the photo. 

It was the same tattoo. And she had been pregnant... with them.