Hi! This is another approach to the premise, a bit of a tech-y approach.

&#x200B;

This is the last adjustment we need to make for the new eye-sync implant before we get it out in the market. Ever since we started this app, we knew it would be a challenge.

Technology has advanced at an exponential speed, but it had never been used for the switches.

There were forums and websites back in my day, even a widely used social network of people trying to find their soulmates.

But now, the idea we had over a decade ago, with two of my friends while we were studying, has evolved into the most valuable tool for people trying to find their soulmates.

The app started simple. We designed so it would store any input the user would get from their visions. It even had an approximate countdown for when the next switch would happen, an alarm, the option to show personal information only to potential soulmates, and a lot more.

This was just my idea of helping people find the love of their lives.

It's been almost ten years since I stopped switching.

I started this app while searching for her. I can't even remember some of my visions now, but the last one was printed in my brain as if it were the most important memory I had. And it wasn't even mine.

And now I had to paint this whole thing up as if it were a dream come true for the whole world, while not believing in it myself. Sometimes I felt awful, but it was my job. I even thought about quitting several times.

The company grew exponentially, and now more than 50% of the world's population was using our app.

But the implant was gonna be the breakthrough.

Not only it would synchronize the switch with the app, but it would also provide details about the SMs. More importantly, their location. It would make the quest as short as it could possibly be.

Through history, a lot of people theorized which part of the brain was responsible for linking with another person, and sharing their sight for 60 seconds, but none had worked out the reason. In the last decade, science has proven that the link wasn't originated in the brain, and instead, came from the heart. We were able to design an implant that would trace the link, and work as a tracking device, but would only work if both of the SMs had them on at the same time. It wasn't a one-end solution.

Still, the app itself was just a massive instrument, but this would be the ultimate leap of fate.

After finishing the final adjustments in wavelenght, electrical impulses and coding, we were ready to test it.

We had 2 voluntary subjects implanted. They were unmets that knew who the other was, but hadn't met in person.

We turned the implants on, and waited.

We asked both of them to come in the day of their switch, which our app was now able to predict to the second.

They were in different cities, to avoid breaking the link by accidentally meeting each other.

Once the switch happened, the app was able to give away their position to the meter.

We had done it. It was the breakthrough that would simply take away the chore of waiting months of using our app until The Encounter.

&#x200B;

While I'm working on the last bits of code before releasing the last patch for the implant-app link, I get pulled. It wasn't like before, because I remember what it felt like. It wasn't the gentle transition from one scenery to the next. It was painful and full of struggle. I'm terrified because I knew I shouldn't have been able to switch after it stopped so many years ago. 

But there I was. Or rather she was. Walking in a big city I knew, in a sidewalk I was familiar with. It was the same city I had been living in for the last couple of years. She's near the hospital, 2 blocks away. The heart surgeon that worked with us several times walks right past her. He smiles and nods at her. I see her reflection on the glass of a parked car. She's different. She looks different. Wait- this is another person entirely. I remember her being blonde, short and her face, this isn't the face I saw last time through the mirror. She's entering the hospital, and sits in the waiting room.

I switch back. This is the most painful experience I've had in my life. I know what I must do.

I rush through the stairs of the building and out the door.

I run as fast as I can to the hospital, burst open the doors and step into the waiting room.

I see her.

She recognizes me.

"Hey aren't you the owner of-"

"Hi! yes I am. This will sound super weird. I just switched, after ten years. And it's you."

I practically spit out that last word to her while I'm trying to catch my breath.

"Oh... I'm sorry."

She looks at me awkwardly, while I'm standing there with a puzzled face.

"I married my soulmate years ago. We were one of the first encounters thanks to your app."

I'm in shock. This isn't possible. Had I lost my second chance? What's happening here?

I feel instant regret for what I had just done. I wish I could undo the last five minutes of my life. 

"Wait." She stops me before I leave filled with shame. "... you guys said that the link was originated from the heart, right?"

I'm not sure why would she ask this question. We hadn't said it, science discovered it a while ago.

"Yes it comes from the heart." I said, a bit lost.

"I had surgery almost ten years ago. I was a recipient for a heart."

Then it hits me.

My soulmate's heart beats inside of her. It takes 10 years for the link between the heart, the brain and the eyes to fully develop. This is why I'd never been able to see this person before.

"Have a wonderful life" I say, as I'm walking towards the door.

"Hey!" She stops me again. "You too. And thanks. For everything."