I glare at Stephen. He glares back. 

“What the hell were you thinking?”

“Oh I don’t know, maybe since you always go on about how good you are at this game, you could help me out.”

“You dumb bitch, you didn’t think about asking God or someone for help? How are we supposed to win against the fucking devil himself?!”

“Hey, I resent that.” Lucifer Morningstar, the incarnation of all that is bad and wrong in the world, rumbles petulantly from where he sits bound in rusty chains. 

“Shut it, Satan.” I snap before rounding on his teammate. “And what do you have to say for yourself?” 

Death raises skeletal hands. “Hey now, I just wanted to play Smash Ultimate. These two bozos are the ones that dragged you here.”

“You couldn’t have brought any of the other horsemen with you?”

“Be grateful.” Satan smirks. “If you two win, your friend here gets to come back to life.”

“Yeah I’m starting to think I should just leave him here.” I deadpan. Stephen flips the bird at me. “And if I lose?”

“You both stay here with me.” Satan grins. “Now, let’s-”

“What if I refuse to play?” I interrupt. “Do I just get to leave?”

“No.” Suddenly Death is holding a really really sharp scythe to my neck. “Let’s play.”

“...fine.” I turn to where a TV and a Nintendo Switch sit on a large boulder. The four of us sit on a giant pillar of stone that rises up out of a pool of molten sulfur. It smells like the aftermath of the time Stephen and I ate a ton of bean burritos. 

I grab a controller and begin scrolling through the characters. The other three do the same, and I sneer at their selections. “Of course you pick Bowser. And Dark Link? Really? How edgy can you get? Stephen you dumbass, pick K. Rool, even you can’t possibly fuck up with him.”

“What’re you picking- oh come on, why would you pick Kirby? He’s such a lightweight!” My best friend groans. 

“He’s my main, you fucking fuck. If Sakurai thought he was good enough to be the main character of the story mode, he’s good enough to kick these bitches’ asses.”

“Alright, alright.” Stephen sighs. “I just hope you know what you’re doing.”