I wake up in a cold sweat, thrusting the blanket off of my body. Wiping my eyes vigorously doesn't stop the tears from running down my face. I always knew my dreams were vivid, but now, as I clutch the duvet,hugging it like a pillow, the last puzzle piece falls into place.

I don't have to check to see that my arms are scar-free. There's no glass in my hair or shards penetrating my eyeballs, my legs are intact, and the blood on my torso has vanished. I'm waking up like a normal Monday, and the events of yesterday are but an illusion.

The events of yesterday? Which one? In my memories, there's 2 very distinct "yesterday"s: one in which I commit a few sins I'm not proud of, causing impaired mental processing and ultimately resulting in an intense crash that took my life; and another where I visited my parents in an exchange that was surprisingly peaceful, I left, headed back home, and spent the rest of the night playing Overwatch.

I scratch my head for a moment. Although I remember my life here perfectly, I also remember my previous life perfectly. Some of the friends I made are different, but that's natural if this is another world. Not everybody goes to the same place after they die. I know *I* certainly wasn't headed to Heaven.

Conjuring up the memories of this lifetime, I decide to compare them to my last life. My parents are the same, with an absentee father and a mother who had children before she was ready. All the major events of my life are the same, even if the people are slightly different (so,cold though it was, it was still wholly accurate to say that people are replaceable). I still moved out of where my mom lived with her boy toy and in with some friends last year. That was good. If I still lived with those two shitbags, I'd be convinced beyond any sliver of a doubt that this was Hell.

A familiar, but still annoying, buzzing sound snapped me out of my thoughts, phone reminding me I had to get up. I checked the time. I had my alarm set for 10:00. Dying didn't stop me from having the same damn shift at the same damn Walmart with the same damn customers as ever, who, I might add, were nasty little pricks sometimes. If you value your sanity, never get into retail. Just don't.

My morning fix gets me woken up, coffee as black as my soul drank steaming hot and not even slightly burning my throat. I fix myself something small and turn on the TV to Youtube to watch my favorite producers.
I boot up my laptop, since I have some time to kill before I have to head out. My computer decides to crash, and, with a groan, I leave the desktop I have nowhere near enough time to fix. I check my phone again, and... It's also acting up. Fantastic. A stream of curses flows out of my mouth, followed by, "This really *is* Hell, isn't it?"
Resigning myself to my fate, I watch Youtube videos with nothing to occupy my mind, feeling restless and on-edge the entire time. Each minute is an agonizing reminder that I'll have another day of bullshit at work, and I won't even have the sweet reprieve of my cell phone to help me ease my suffering during breaks and lunch. I want to scream.


The work day passes by mostly in a blur. That's to say, agonizing though it was, there was nothing particularly memorable. 

I decide to stop in and grab some groceries while I'm there, since I've got nothing better to do, and I could use some more variety in my microwaveable meals. As I fill my basket entirely with frozen foods, a strange buzzing sound reaches my ears, starting faint, like an insect, and growing louder.

At first I ignore it, turning up the volume on my headphones, but it keeps getting louder and louder, and it sounds like it's coming from *inside* my head, and it's drowning out the music, and what is this where is it coming from why am I hearing this why won't it go away go away go away go away--

I look around frantically, trying to see what was creating this *thing* in my mind, but everything looks normal and plain and ordinary and--

**BANG**

I drop my basket and rush over to the source, disregarding all the lessons horror films have taught me over the years. The basket gets knocked over and all my selected lunches get strewn about, but I don't care. I'm at the scene of the crime.

Yeah, of course it's a crime. Shooting a firearm in a public place at the very least will result in property damage. At most, it will result in a murder scene, much like the one before me. There was no sign of a shooter, but sprawled across the floor in a pool of blood was a young woman who couldn't have been older than me (25, thanks), and was dressed in a fancy floral dress. From a glance, she looked like the well-off honor student type.

The buzz in my head subsided, but I heard another, different, buzz, this time short and loud, like the sound you hear on a game show when the contestant answers incorrectly. Before my eyes and the eyes of many people freaking out or taking pictures, the bullet falls out of the girl's head, the blood gets reabsorbed, and... The whole scene is rewinding. I'm watching time go back. 

There's a thump at my feet, which makes me look away. My basket is there with everything I picked out back in it. 

I pick it up, and when I look back at the scene, the girl and everyone else are back to their business. No one seems weirded out. It's like the rewinding time also erased their memories. Given the horrified reactions earlier, it doesn't seem like this is a normal occurrence. Why didn't the girl die? 

Full of questions that I have no ability to answer, I play and replay the scene in my mind as I check out and leave. I drive away. I've spent the whole day in that hellhole of a store, and the night sky is proof that the day is over. The stars smiling down are a welcome sight.


I couldn't have possibly seen it coming, but halfway home, some asshole runs a red light and rams right into me, forcing me to watch as my rustbucket is destroyed and I with it again... But at least the crash kills him, too, I think as my vision goes fuzzy.

Only, my vision doesn't *stay* fuzzy. The blurriness fades in time to watch the scene rewind again, and I feel a tickling sensation as glass and debris are removed from my skin. (dying hurts just as much the second time, and also, what is with my ridiculous luck in automobiles? *Two* crashes in the same week! But why did it rewind this time? Is it because I'm already dead or something?)

I'm dazed and questioning reality when the light turns green this time around, and I watch as the semi truck glides right into the truck next to me. The poor pickup is smashed to oblivion, and the semi's trailer skids towards me, but doesn't touch my car. This time, time doesn't rewind, and the drivers of both trucks wind up killed. I know the law, and I stay behind to make a statement and think about what just happened.

This world clearly doesn't run by the same rules as the one that I know. People like to talk about shit like fate, but here I get to actually see that in action. Who lives or dies isn't something I particularly care to know, but for some reason, I'm "in on it" this life, and have been since I remembered the conclusion to my last life. But what exactly am I "in" *on*? None of this makes sense.

"Ma'am?" I hear a voice say, and I see a police officer outside my window. 

"Yes?"

"We don't need your statement."

"But somebody died. Isn't that protocol?"

"No one dies here. You can't kill what's already dead. Sometimes we make 'em start over, though."

"What?" I stare directly at the policeman, who tips his hat and walks off. He’s out of my line of sight before I could even hope to chase after him. I pound my fist against the steering wheel and drive off. Today is some acid trip of a day.


I get home, put my food away, and plop down on the couch. I hop on my computer to check everything, mind ceaselessly wondering what kind of hell this afterlife must be to kill people just for shits and giggles, and then turn around and bring some of them back so they can kill them again and make them start over.

Andi, one of my roommates, calls out to let me know there's leftover pizza in the fridge. I'm too distracted by my video to get up just yet.

Laughing like a madwoman, I get a wild idea. You can't kill what's already dead plus this ex machina shit... Hey, I survived dying once, so let's give Andi, who sure as hell wasn't dead before, an extra-special show. I call him out here.

He comes out after a few minutes, surprised to see the TV off. I stab myself through the chest with the switchblade I keep in my purse, and, to my intense glee, the blade pops right back out and the wound heals. He has no reaction and wasn't visibly rewound.

"Well? What did you want to show me?" He asks impatiently. Okay, so now I know his memories were erased... but mine weren't. For what purpose am I remembering these things? Did I do something wrong to get thrown into this Hell, only to die and watch other people die?

Hands shaking, I point to the TV, grabbing the remote and sliding the switchblade back into my purse. I resume the video, and Andi laughs right at what I was taking about. "Man, he screams like a little girl every goddamn time. I might just have to give this guy a shot, after all."

Andi retreats to his room, and tears run down my face. Andi hates this Youtuber with a fervent, burning passion, and refuses to have anything to do with him. This isn't the Andi I know. It's like this hell *wants* me to know this isn't the life I know. Every detail is a reminder that this isn't the life I know. This is Hell, and I don't even get the sweet reprieve of death. My little display in front of Andi and the car accident from earlier were proof enough of that. Is this my punishment for the events leading up to my death? There *must* be people here who have done worse than me, so why am I the one going through this, while everyone around me seems normal?

I'm full of questions, and I have no answers.