"I'm here for the check up, Doc."

With careful strides, a figure in a full-body suit entered the room. They were in the orbital space station known as Creed 2... it was that man's homecoming, for he was born in this very station.

"Good to see you, Grant. On good time, too. How's the suit faring you?"

Grant floated in an examination room with him. He lived down on the surface, but Doc was always up here. Thus, he was used to working in these conditions... though Grant wasn't used to it at all. After all, this was an annual check up. Still, being flown to space once a year is still something to write home about, even if it's something as trivial as a medical exam.

"Better than last time. I've managed to avoid any serious accidents this time."

"Good. I guess you could say it suits you well."

Doc chortled away as he stroked his stubbly grey beard, before he browsed over some notes he had gathered together. Doc was notorious for his puns, so Grant could only give the usual groan in response as he idly floated around.

"You've no idea how scary it was when that car hit me last year. My, uh... heart couldn't take it."

"I'm surprised it isn't scarier, living daily life like that. Regardless, we are always taking steps to ensure that you live a more... comfortable, human life. We have a suit upgrade ready for you."

That was music to his ears, he felt like he was a couple years overdue one. All the maintenance on the current one seemed to be taking its toll, and you really only could renew something so many times.

"First of all, we'll go through standard procedure."

Of course, standard procedure wasn't really anything that anyone could guess. First were typical sight and ear tests, to make sure those senses were working properly. Next, he connected a tube to a nozzle on the side of Grant's mask filter, before he fed something in through a small cylinder. He inhaled as instructed.

"... Is that menthol? With a hint of strawberry... no, raspberry. Definitely raspberry."

"Correct. Seems like your sense of smell is keen as ever."

Grant's suit was a scientific innovation constructed in response to his... "condition" since birth. It was designed to be perpetually worn yet to distort the humanoid physique as little as possible. Or in this case, recreate it. While appearance-wise it was a bit shocking, the people Grant lived with had grown adjusted to it over time. He could still wear human clothes normally and could do typical human things, as long as he kept the suit on.

"That should do it for those... right then. Ready to change suits?"

"Thought you'd never ask."

Doc made preparations, while Grant entered the airlock. He connected himself to the station before allowing himself to be pulled away into space when the airlock opened. A communications channel opened up in his suit.

"Can you read me Grant? Over."

"Roger. Can we drop the lingo? It's just us two, after all..."

"... Well I won't argue about this again. Please do be serious if something bad happens, though."

A pod was jettisoned out from the station, as it floated towards Grant. He grabbed it and used the cable linking him to the station to stop its momentum. The timer on the pod's case expired, and it opened up to reveal a new suit. It looked identical to the old one.

"Ah... black again. My favourite."

"It's a neutral colour, Grant."

"Yeah, say that to the supremacists."

He took the suit, allowing the remains of the pod to harmlessly float off. As he did so, Doc was making calls to the other nearby stations and satellites, informing them of the incoming procedure. Everyone knew, since it was a well-known date, but this was standard protocol.

"... Hey, Doc? You sure I can't, like... get a feel for what it's really like, even for just a few seconds?"

"We can't risk that, Grant. Remember when you were born... your parents-"

"Yeah yeah yeah... jeez, you gotta bring that up all the time, huh."

One could say the reason his parents weren't there to see their child all grown up was because of the fact that he could exist and live his life at this very moment. Indeed, if his parents were there today, then he would not be.

The following procedure was always a risky one... who knew what could happen once the suit came off. It had worked many times before though, that was the sole reason it could go on without any incidents at control. If even the slightest error were to come up, then they'd be all over it. Thus, it was prudent for Doc to ensure that everything was in place. He didn't want a recreation of that event from 24 years ago... no, wait. 25 now, since it was Grant's birthday.

"I'm taking it off, Doc."

There was an anxious silence, as the Doc gripped onto a safety bar within his base. He chose to allow Grant his privacy as he closed his view port. In the next few seconds, a sharp tug was felt on the entire base. Doc's body was shaken along with it, since he was holding onto something as safety measure. A few small objects clanked from the sudden movement and started floating around.

"It's done, Doc. I feel like a million bucks."

And that was that. Another standard procedure completed. After one last chat about their lives, it was time for Grant to return to the surface. He thanked Doc for his hard work before he set off via shuttle. The orbit-ridden Doc watched the shuttle float away out of his view port as he received an incoming transmission... a private uplink from an unknown source.

"... Is that you, Director?"

"Indeed. How goes it, Dr. Gainsborough? Was the assignment successful without incident?"

"Relatively."

"... Relatively?"

"Yes. It seems like he's growing a bit restless inside of that suit... I can only imagine what it's like. There must be something we can do..."

"Ambitious thoughts like that are what drive us forward... but they are also dangerous if mishandled. Do keep that in mind, Dr. Gainsborough. We are handling a dangerous product, after all."

"I know, sir. I shall keep committing myself to such research... but please, do not call him a 'product'."

"He is a product of our endeavours, you cannot deny that. He is also an international... no, dare I say, galactic hazard if not properly secured. If that suit has even the slightest rupture in an insecure environment... well, we need not worry ourselves over that, so as long as it remains contained."

"And protected, sir."

"Precisely. We live in a strange world filled with strange powers... yet we are saddled with the responsibility of the strangest. We shall continue expecting great things, Dr. Gainsborough. Central out."

The line went silent. Doc groaned and stretched his arms over his head as he idly floated around in the examination room, all alone. He pushed off a wall gently and reached for something in his personal cabinet... he pulled out a photo. It was a younger version of him, next to a young couple. They were all in space suits, ready to take off into space with the shuttle in the background...

"The nerve of that man... calling my nephew a 'product'..."

He stowed the photo away safely before he collected his documents and resumed his work. 