Now, here we see a school of adolescent humans gathering inside a sort of mega-structure, built to house several hundred of this particular species. From what we can gather based on recent studies we believe this is a type of breeding ground. Typically they live in smaller, more cramped domiciles with their parents and siblings. For a short time each day, the young venture out into this mass of what is called testosterone and estrogen, important hormones in humans for development and reproduction. 

We've managed to place a hidden camera inside one of the hallways where we have captured an interaction between a male and female. The male is clearly dressed in colorful plumage, this has aided him in gaining the female's attention. A burly specimen, this male has used what we believe to be a mix of saliva and water to coat his hair which gives it the shine and reflection of built-in artificial lighting. This can signal to others he is ready and looking. The female is a beautiful, prime candidate for mating. Young, likely in heat, as humans go into heat quite often at about once per month, and has a different mix of traits than this male. This different set of physical traits is good for the gene pool and helps to bring diversity to the colony. 

Keep in mind, while they may meet in this large gathering place, they typically won't mate here. Adolescent humans prefer back rooms and hidden places to do their reproducing, most of the time bringing one to the other's home. While young, we do find that humans mate in other places. Hidden areas of this same building, or even at night in the open. Some riskier males will trespass on other's territory bringing their females to breed, as they don't like to be around their parents while doing the deed. This trend tends to die down as the humans age. 

Ooh, just now the male has stepped in front of the female, blocking her path. If she is receptive she will stop, if she isn't liking his decorative wear she will step to the side and pass. The male appears to use a hand to wave her down.

She stopped. 

Her eyes meet her feet as she shifts her weight to each side nervously. Eye contact is important for finding a mate. The male seems to be moving his head from side to side trying to catch her gaze. The male is speaking. His voice seems to be unsteady, breaking in different tones as he goes on. Whether this is intended or not is unknown, but seems to be common among this age group. The female is responding in a higher, almost squeaky tone. This seems to be a positive interaction as both their chests convulse violently, letting loud bursts of noise and air into the corridor at each other. This is a perfect reaction and bodes well for the male's chances.

The male looks back to a bigger group of males who appear to be watching the interaction as well. The males nod their heads excitedly. This encourages the lone male to keep at it. 

The female continues to speak in short chirps, getting quieter as the interaction continues. The male places a hand on his head, ruffling his hair and bringing attention to his face. Both bare their teeth once more. Not in a typical intimidating fashion, this show of teeth is accompanied with the short bursts of noise they bark at each other after speaking. 

The female appears to be turning to the side, getting ready to leave. This isn't good. If the male doesn't act fast it could be the end of his chances with this one. He lifts up a hand, almost whispering. This appears to put the female on her toes, clutching a bundle of tree shavings to her chest. She jumps up and down. It appears she is receptive to his offer. 

She walks off for now, but they have agreed on a place to meet at another time. We know this as we have observed it after this type of behavior. We have the female tagged so we will come back later when she meets this male in their designated mating spot. The male has been standing still, almost frozen. Now that the female is out of sight this male has both hands in the air jumping back to the other males to brag of his success. The other males jump in the same fashion to greet him. 

We go to another camera around the corner where the female has a similar group, only females. They chirp at each other hurriedly and shuffle their feet. Surely they have agreed to mate. 

As a side note, even as often as females go into heat and the frequency which humans mate, sometimes several times a day and with different partners, it appears that only a very, very small percentage of mating results in offspring. We believe that with the chances of producing children being infinitesimally small, this could be the reason we see humans constantly mating. All of their efforts throughout their entire life seems to be for the sole purpose of mating furiously and as often as possible. 

Thank you for joining us on Mammal Watch. We'll be right back after these messages to bring you the fascinating tale of the fully grown, adult human, and try to find the answer to why the vast majority seem to only wake up to go to one destination and back home their entire lives.