Bill followed the voice’s instructions to a grassy, open field and got out of his sedan, looking around.

“Okay…? Now what?” He asked, looking back through the open windows of the car to the tiny black machine. 

“Magical GPS,” he said, clearing his throat and feeling foolish, “did you have anything else for me?”

Silence.

He frowned. “Bloody thing. Must be broken.”

The sun was shining brightly outside, and the air was pleasant and calm. He had missed the warmth. He walked back to his ’98 Honda, silver paint fading to gray. He rubbed a small dent in the passenger door. He took a sandwich out of a crumpled brown paper bag in the front seat. Leaning against the car, he sighed contentendly as he munched his PB&J sandwich, looking out across the field.

In the distance he could make out a man alone in the field. He’d appeared from a nearby cluster of trees and was now walking across the field, squinting into the sun. He was dressed normally—nice, even, in a collared shirt and dark blue jeans. Bill wondered if he should make his presence known, call out, or even cough loudly, so the man wouldn’t be startled that a thirty-seven year old in a black suit was watching him from a backwards field in the middle of Kentucky. He decided against it. He’d always aired on the peculiar side of life anyway.

The man laid a picnic blanket down across the shallow grass, smoothing the corners out, and brushing off stray hairs. He kicked his sandals off and laid back. 

*Well, this isn’t weird. I’m just watching a man sunbathing. What a creep I’ve turned into*, Bill thought. But, Bill was in no hurry today, so why not enjoy the sun. It was a nice change from the cold winds of western Canada that he had grown accustomed to. Kentucky was his home, at one time. Although that was so long ago that it barely seemed to remember him. Approaching the man in the field was a woman of similar age, she wore a loose sundress and a baseball cap, and was slathering sunscreen on her increasingly reddening shoulders. She called out to someone around the bend of the trees. 

Kentucky had forgotten Bill, and he’d forgotten Kentucky. He’d let his new life consume him, and he didn’t care to think back. Then the call came.

“Bill, your father had a heart attack last night. He’s dead.” It was his elderly neighbor, Margaret. She was a stern woman who’d watched him and his brother, Mike, when they were younger. 

“We need you to come home. Your mother can’t take this, not again.”

He booked a flight that night to Covington, and requested a week off work. Bill sat for a moment, rubbing his temples. He tried to draw a tear, but they seemed otherwise preoccupied and unavailable. He coughed instead. His father had started coming into his and Mike’s rooms at night from an early age—Bill, six, Mike, eight. It was over by the time they turned twelve. They didn’t tell their mother. She wasn’t strong enough to handle it. She couldn’t work, was barely cognizant most of the time.

“Her mind’s no good,” the Kentucky doctor had said, in a low drawl. 

Mike was always the better son. He cared deeply for their mother. He lived at home until he was twenty-seven, worked two jobs to pay rent and make sure her medical bills were covered. But his life had exacted a toll from him, and there wasn’t a day past sixteen when he didn’t think about drinking. He totalled four cars in drunk driving accidents. He got out of it most every time, their father was good friends with the sheriff. Mike started getting in to drugs as well, and on the night of his twenty-seventh birthday, he grabbed a bottle of vodka, danced alone on the Roebling bridge outside of Covington, and jumped, burying his sadness in the river. 

After he died, Bill couldn’t take the steady grasses of Kentucky, the summer heat, or driving over that damn bridge every day, so he went north. He had a successful job in Vancouver, but suspected now that his father died he would have to come back to Kentucky to care for his mother. He’d have to face the dimly lit beige walls of their 1970’s rambling ranch, the porch where he and his brother used to swing, sliding their feet across the wood, the white paint flaking away and exposing the decaying brown wood floorboards like half-peeled potatoes. He was in no hurry to arrive.

The woman settled down on the picnic blanket next to the man. The person she’d been calling was a young child, of toddler age and dexterity, teetering and giggling along the grassy path like it was the gateway to another world. The child ran to its parents, and the mother swooped it up with loving arms, and hugged tightly. The man kissed her. They were a happy, loving family. 

Bill stared longingly at the family for several moments. He sighed, realizing his sandwich was finished.

“Guess that it’s then.” He tried again, “Is that all you have for me, universe?” Bill asked, giving one last wistful look to the family. He packed his brown bag back in the sedan, and shoved off down the dirt road to what was once his home.  