There's a look a man will give the world when he knows that a mistake has been made. Its vacant, with a hint of Terror. Poleaxed. 
Behind those scared, darting eyes the mind whirrs away, wandering aimlessly. Like a child lost in a shopping market. 

The man that sits in front of me, my employer, displays that look to perfection. The large wooden desk he sits behind dwarfs him. The high backed leather chair bespeaks power. It says a lot about a man when the furniture has more gravitas than he does. 

He sits, scared and panicky in a loud Hawaiian shirt with stains down the front. He runs his hand through his spiky blonde hair. Spent glow-stick bangles trace their way down his skinny arms. 

He has been our (I shudder softly as the word marches through my inner monologue) Presidemperor... for nearly seven weeks. 

And he has only recently come down from the massive, nationwide party he himself had paid for.

And, like every good drunken idea in the history of good drunken ideas, the morning had slunk along - dragging with it *consequences*

For a second, i think of him as a boy, fallen into a river. The currents seemed so slow from the shore, it all seemed such fun. 
Then all of a sudden his feet don't touch the bottom. And now it has him. 

'Read it again, please' He says in a small voice. Helplessness etched in to every syllable.
Fortunately its only He and I in his office today. The people love this man. He's wealthy and charismatic - but he's stupid. 

They don't need to see him like this.

I clear my throat. 

"Master Jonathon Cheeseman, Esteemed Ruler and Presidemperor of the Independent isles of Awesomeville" 

Inwardly i shudder at the name. It should be known that whist money equals power, it doesn't equal class. This man wouldn't know class if it was branded on his forehead. 
Renaming the Sunlit Isles to "Isles of Awesomeville" Is a perfect example of an imbalance in the Power/Class ratio that money can buy.  

I continue. "We of the United Nations were delighted to receive your correspondence claiming your independence, and look forward to meeting you December 19th"

'December nine...teenth' The words tumble out of him softly. His already wan face turns white 'that's a week away' 

'Three days, sir' I supply smoothly.

He looks to me with helplessness. It almost strikes a chord of pity. "to discuss future plans for the Socio-Economic growth of your island nations - which we do not doubt, align with our own. I personally look forward to meeting you next week, as i have no doubt that you must be a man with a vision for his nations future that only a Soveriegn status would ensure."

I take the silence as "I don't really get the gist of that last bit" 
'What that means, sir - is that they are really interested as to the motives behind your decision, so they have invited themselves around to ask a few... questions.' 

'I was Drunk when i wrote that!'

'Yes sir, perhaps it would have been wise to mention that? the UN are serious people, and they take this kind of thing, as it were, quite seriously' 

'How serious? they don't waterboard people do they?' He says, stricken.

'Depends on the circumstances' I say glibly. just to watch his imagination fire up. Its mean, but today is a valuable lesson for our young presidemperor. 

He absently fidgets with things on his desk, 'Look, I really just wanted a chain of islands, boats, parties, like the sims, you know?' 

'Yes sir, boats and parties.' I stand at attention, staring at the wall with practiced perfection. 

'But then there's all this... stuff to do - the people want this, the people want that and Socio... whatsits'

'Socio-Economics, yes sir, it comes with being in charge, sir' 

'What did the others do?' 

'Others?' 

'You know, the other Presidents and so forth' 

'Whatever they felt like' 

I pour coffee and place it on the desk which he accepts gratefully. 'Our last president, we called him the viper. He liked to... well, kill people. and steal. and a whole bunch of other nastiness.' 

'Really?' 

'Lets just say, he has a lot of illegitimate children' There is a silence. The Presidemperor is a buffoon, but he's not naive. 

'I don't think i wan't to be like them' He says in a small voice. 

'Thats a good start' I say kindly.

'I'll figure something out i think...' He says with a weak smile. 

'I'm sure you will sir, i'm sure you will' I turn to leave. I have many things to do today. 

Our new Presidemperor <Shudder> Was good for the people. 
A nation needs a six week party after a tyrant like the viper leaves. I shake my head softly. All the assassination attempts - the coups - the plotting. none of it had worked. 

All it had taken was a little research and a few emails, and Jonathon Cheeseman had paid for it all. With something called "BitCoin" he had bought the viper out from under us, and then thrown us a party. Like the benevolent god of well-meaning stupidity. 

Lost in thought, i found myself Hours later walking the streets of my home. I couldn't help but notice the lightened mood. The absence of any guards on the street corners. Every window on the street was opened, curtains billowed in the ocean breeze, bringing with them the scent of meals and incense. Woman smiled and chatted with each other, while the men fixed things at their wives behest. 

It was like the whole country had slowly begun to repair. 

The radio station had been reclaimed. Music carried along on the breeze. Actual music... 
That's what this young man was. A healing breath of fresh air. 

Still, there's a place in the Sunlit Isles i need to go. 

Its a bench outside of a burned down old shack - only the foundations remain. It overlooks the ocean from the massive cliffs. The waves crash and break and churn hundreds of feet below. The wind blows right through me, and just for a second, clouds cover the sun. I shiver. 
I have six beers with me. I throw them, open, one by one into the ocean reciting the names, the beer sparkles and fades in the refracted light. Two for my brothers. one for my Mother and father each. And one for my sweetheart, Bella. Who i will never forget.

The last is for myself. I raise it to the sky. 'It is done, the viper is gone' 

Aside from the coarseness of the beer. I feel nothing. Not the closing of a chapter, nor the beginnings of a new life.  
In my soul, Guards still lurk on the corners, and people still disappear in the night. 

An hour later i revisit the Presidemperor, he is busy, scrunched up pieces of paper dot his office.

He has changed his shirt.  

He looks up from his desk 'Evenin' Mister Jarvis' He says to me, smiling. 'I was trying to write another letter to the UN, but i think ill need your help with that... So, just thought i would study up on the ol' Isles of Awesomeness, see what she has going for her, who knows? maybe we have oil here!' 

'I sincerely hope not sir, However, I could organise meetings with a few of our chief producers if you would like?'

'Thanks Jarvis, that would be great' He says looking from book to what he is writing. 'Oh, and Jarvis?' 

'Yes?'

'Try not to let me do anything stupid yeah?' 

'Sir' i say. Its such a valuable word. 

He goes back to his work, earnest face screwed up in concentration. I leave him to it. Smiling softly. 

I have a room here, in the presidential palace (Now officially renamed "Casa de Chill" Which i will personally NEVER call it, ever) 
In this room i go to think, and to plan.  In the twenty nine years i have been a servant to the public, this room has been moulded around me, i know all this places secrets. i know where to listen. I did my best to warn people and help them in ways that i could. There, unfortunately, is only so much that i can do. Spies move in the shadows, and die in the light. 
Its hard for a man in my position. All these things that didn't happen, that could have. Like the viper for another twenty years or so for example. 

I remove a letter from the inner folds of my coat. Another thing that didn't happen. The Micro-nation that didn't send a stupid request to the United Nations, that didn't become a target. 
The nation that remained forgotten by the world. 

The shredder quietly hums. the letter disappears silently into the night. 
It had served its purpose, the man who had written it had learned a very valuable lesson today. 
And tomorrow, He shall learn to run a country.




