"That there temple's good for nowt, James lad," said Bob, waving at the half-finished stone structure that James was building. "Ain't got no gods in't farming country. Got to have a god first, see?"  
James laid another stone onto the wall. "That ain't true, Bob. Temple comes first, and t'god comes after. It ain't gonna be for nowt soon enough."  
Bob frowned. "Daft bugger," he muttered, and left James to his work.

The stone temple sat solidly at the edge of the field. No one could say that it would blow over in a gale -- although no one would have awarded it any prizes for beauty either. All in all James was proud, if a little nervous, of what he'd done. He wondered what kind of god would show up.  
Bob had been right when he said that there weren't a lot of gods in the farming country; people tended to get by without any of the fancy city deities that, like fashions, were there and gone before the harvest was over. Gods of wisdom, peace, and love: all the high-minded stuff that ordinary folks didn't worry of much. All with their great big temples, thousands of worshippers, statues, candles... James hoped that the god that showed up didn't expect too much of that. It was hard enough to get by as it was.  
At any rate, whatever god it was would show up soon. He just had to wait and see.

"Eh, James lad, ain't seen you much this month. Been busy?"  
James looked up. Bob was waving to him from the next field over.  
"Oaright, Bob. Been trying to understand t'god."  
Bob goggled. "Eh?!? You actually got one?"  
"Now who's good for nowt, eh?"

Inside, the temple was dark and warm. A few small tallow candles burned on the little altar, and behind it --  
"Flippin' 'ell. Y'sure that's a god, lad? Looks more like a demon t'me."  
James frowned. True, the area where the god resided did look darker than the rest... "Nowt but the light in 'ere, Bob."  
Bob stared at the god. "What d'you suppose it's the god of?"  
"Search me. It 'as'nt said a word. Did a sacrifice to't an' all."  
"Not one o' your lambs, I 'ope?"  
"Nowt that good. Some 'oney an' wool an' that."  
"Ah." Bob nodded.

After a while, Bob left to tend his sheep; James stood for a while, waiting. "Ain't worth nowt, are you, y'lazy god? Should've stuck to farming."  
The god shifted. For the first time, it looked straight at James. Straight into his soul, straight into his deepest fears and secrets. For the first time, it spoke.

Bob hoisted the offering from his crop onto his shoulder. A bushel of wheat, to offer James's temple god. He wasn't sure why he was doing this -- he hadn't even seen James since that first time -- but, well, it wouldn't hurt to appease the god. If it was going to live in the area for a long time, he might as well pay his respects now and again. With a grunt, he set off for the temple.

The place was dark, as it had been before. There were a few more candles, but they didn't do much. Someone had put a few rough-hewn benches on the bare earth floor. In front of the altar, James -- who looked as though he'd barely moved since Bob's last visit -- knelt in silent prayer. Bob waited awkwardly. At last, James spoke.  
"T'god says you can leave your off'ring on t'bench."  
"A... aye. You all right, James lad?"  
"T'god... showed me t'way. She says -- "  
"She?"  
"Nowt wrong with a god bein' a woman, Bob."  
"Er... no, lad, there ain't."  
"She says there's nowt to worry of. She'll do the guidin' of us -- if'n we should want it, that is."  
"Very kind of 'er. Er -- what is it exactly that she's god of, if'n she don't mind me askin'?"  
James turned and smiled. "Simple, Bob. She be t'god of all our fields -- the god of open spaces."  
"Why's she all holed up in 'ere then? Don't seem too suited to 'er, if'n you take my meaning."  
"Easy, Bob. She needs an 'ome, just like any other god, else she's all over t'place. Needs a place to set her feet, like. I was t'one 'oo gave 'er that, an' all." He turned back to the god. "An' I think she's just perfect."