######[](#dropcap)

"What did you call me?" The cashier stared at Jenna, a strange expression on her face. 

"I said thank you, Rina. Is there something wrong?" Jenna cocked her head to the side. Rina continued to stare at her. Jenna stopped loading her groceries into her cart. Then her gaze drifted to the woman's name tag. Christina. Shit. 

"I meant Christina." Jenna laughed, brushing it off. She grabbed the last bag of groceries and stuffed it into the cart. "Sorry, you just look like one of my friends, so I accidentally called you by her name." 

"I don't think it's an accident though," Rina said. She gave Jenna a hard look and went back to helping the next customer. "We'll talk about this later." 

Jenna's heart pounded in her ears. What did she mean? Shit shit shit. She was usually so careful. Her mother had always warned her-- 

She walked to her car, looking back all the while. Was anyone watching her? 

But there was no one. The parking lot itself was empty, and the cashier from earlier was nowhere to be found. So she took a deep breath, loaded up her groceries, and went home. 

&nbsp; 

It was almost eleven o'clock when the phone rang. She hesitated in front of the phone, her hand over the receiver. *We'll talk about this later.* 

Jenna drew her hand back. She knew she was probably being paranoid. There was no way the cashier would know her number. But it didn't matter. They would leave a message anyway. It was late. She would answer tomorrow. 

The speaker clicked on for the voicemail. "Jenna, are you there?" 

Jenna froze. It was the cashier's voice. She was sure of it. 

"Jenna~" Rina drew out her name. "I know you're there. I just want to talk, that's all. Don't make me come over there." 

Had she locked the doors? She was almost certain she had. With shaking fingers, Jenna dashed toward the front door to her apartment. It was locked and dead-bolted. And since she was on the third floor, there was no way anyone could scale the window. Could they?  

The voicemail was strangely silent. Then Rina laughed. A sound more like a hyena's cackle than a human's laugh. "Guess we'll just have to talk face to face. Look behind you." 

Jenna felt her blood run cold as the door to the bathroom clicked. "You know, you have such an interesting skill." Rina's voice drawled. "Knowing people's names." She came into view, leaning on the doorframe to the kitchen. "It's a really useful skill. You could've made a lot of money with it." 

"What do you want from me?" Jenna asked, her voice shaking. 

Rina tutted, her gaze moving to meet Rina's, and all of sudden, Rina realized that her eyes had flecks of purple in them. Just like her own. 

"You see, I have the ability to know where people have been and where they're going as long as I've seen them before. So you can imagine how useful this skill is to a serial killer." She grinned. "But poor Jenna. You were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time." She blinked in mock pity. "I can't have anyone knowing my real name." 

"Please," Jenna begged. "I promise I won't tell anyone. I swear. Please." 

Rina tutted, bringing her hand out from behind her. She was holding a gun in her hand, and slowly, she twisted on a silencer. "Sorry, Jenna," she said. "It's nothing personal." 

*****

r/AlannaWu