When I saw the clean white blood fill up the syringe I could barely contain myself. Which was problematic as my life was on the line. I was able to stifle the look of shock but a smile involuntary crept across my face. Of course this was just interpreted me as being happy to have my name cleared. But only I knew the truth, the truth that I did murder that guy and now; apparently, I was the only one who could get away with such acts. The sick glee that filled me was a feeling I had never felt before. The court said they were sorry and must have been mistaken. They sent me loose with a cup of coffee for my troubles. I was jubilant! My mind raced at all the possible crimes to commit with my lily white blood as my saving alibi. They must have used a huge needle to draw my blood because hours later it was still oozing! And the bruise! It looked like I lost a boxing match with a robot. It crept all the way up my arm and across my shoulder.

Now, the most logical next step was some robberies. Of course my blood would always sing my innocent praise but I could still be seen! So I cruised around some random neighborhoods and scoped out the scene. Staying away from houses with security cameras and dogs I narrowed down my targets. Then it was only a matter of determining who lives there, when they leave and how long they’re gone for. I felt like a kid in a candy shop. So many professionals leaving their expensive belongings for 8 hours at a time, it was hard to wait to the right time to strike. All this sneaking around had me exhausted. And I mean like really, really exhausted. I was drained. But I couldn’t let that slow me down! The world had just been served to me on a silver platter.
Finally I had picked my first target. I watched the single occupant leave for his daily activities and made my move as soon as he was out of sight. Through my observations I discovered a key hidden beneath a false rock. Non-criminals are such fools! I easily keyed in and took in the spread, I was gonna be able to fence this stuff for more money than I made in years. But the second I started to cross the threshold I felt a sensation in my nose! Blood! I was bleeding that white stuff all over me, and it was really coming out. I managed to keep all my DNA on my person but I had to get out of there. Can’t let forensics ruin my new power. I decided to go home for a rest and would resume my criminal enterprise in the morning.

The night was long and terrible. I slept very little, tossing and turning constantly and sweating profusely no matter how cold I ran the AC. I was hot and had chills so I knew I was definitely coming down with something. My fever was so hot I burnt my hand touching my forehead. My new superpower would have to wait, I needed to rest. Well, when 5 days later I was still sick and getting worse I decided to see a doctor. I could afford one when I was better and stealing my way through the state. At the doctors they immediately drew blood, that familiar white blood immediately filling up the syringe. The doctor gasped. Apparently white blood is a symptom of leukemia…
