This could only mean one thing, my soulmate was dead. Again. I hadn’t met him yet. I had spent millennia equally searching and avoiding him. One millennium I’d want so badly to meet him, but in the next I’d decide I didn’t want a living reminder that I might die soon. MIGHT because if my soulmate was reborn within 12 months, my life clock would rewind back to my 22 year old self. A soul however could only be reborn a maximum of 50 times and would never have any memory of their previous lives. So there was no way to know how many lives my soulmate had before I was born. At some point, I realized that while I obsessed about my soulmate, I was not enjoying my life. So I decided to go out and enjoy my life to the fullest.

And boy have I enjoyed myself! I’ve been to the furthest reaches of the earth. Seen every part of the world. Had the most fulfilling experiences. Met the most beautiful people. Loved. Lost. Loved again. Lost again. Been to the most absolute heights of joy and the darkest depths of sadness. But I had never achieved true happiness. That was immortality’s true curse, we would not be truly happy unless we were with our soulmate.

I was born to a human woman and an angel. Yup, an angel. They’re real. I’ve met a few and they are not all they’re cracked up to be. They are mean, conceited SOBs who live for the destruction of lives. They don’t watch over lives, they’re the ones that cause the bad stuff. They don’t work for the Big Guy upstairs, they all quit and left His service. Apparently they formed a union and went on strike, which is when they discovered they had free will and they all went rogue. They didn’t need food, water or even air. They were immortal and could only be killed by God or another angel. And they were not killing each other.

They were having children with humans though. Children that turned out to be immortal too, after hitting the age of 22. But the angels didn’t like that turn of events - didn’t want to share the immortal spotlight and all. So they made a deal with God. They would help Him fight and kill the devil and his demons, in return, God would tie their children’s immortality to the lives of their human soulmates. God through in a caveat though. The angels would not interfere in the lives of their children or their soulmates. Which is why we, the children, don’t know who exactly our angel parents are even though we run into angels sometimes. The angels agreed under the condition that they could mess with the lives of every other human alive.

So yeah, my father and his friends had made the deal that would have me dead inexactly 12 months. This was my 50th first white hair. My soulmate had just died his final death. He had somehow managed to live a very long life each time. It’s sad that I never got to meet him. I truly hope he lived fulfilling lives. I hope he had experienced lots of love and joy and very little pain and sadness.

Now I had to slink away and go die. Poof into nothingness. Immortal my ass!