I was crouched in the corner of my living room, plugging my ears with fingers, trying to escape their noise. I hadn't used them since the month I'd got em and now they wouldn't shut up about it. Whispers, man, the fucking whispers won't stop, whispers coming out of nowhere and everywhere at once, asking me to murder *this* demon or cast *that* spell of destruction. But I know where they're coming from, who's planting these urges in me.

*^(slaaayyy the demon Azareth....)*

*^(RUN, RUN NOW, THE UNDEAD ARE UPON YOU...)*

*^(Speeaaak, speak the name of Ulathril, summoon the typhoon...)*

"FUCKING SHUT UP ALREADY," I shouted.

Silence. Peace. No more whispers.

Then,

*^(Garryyy, the fate of the world is upon you, use The Chosen Objects, save the realm...)*

Grunting and groaning, I stomped to the coffee table and flung off the Star Wars blanket I'd used to hide the magic items >!(Somehow I believed that the power of Sci-Fi would nullify the magic....stupid, stupid...). !< There they were. A blood-red sword >!(Was that real blood? I didn't want to know...Dried Mozzarella it is...)!<. A cracked silver shield. Beaten-up boots that looked stolen from the nearest Payless. And a leather-bound book.

"Okay. Okay," I began, desperate, nearly foaming at the mouth with anger. I hadn't had a good night's sleep in weeks. I hadn't been able to catch up on any of my favorite shows >!(7 fucking seasons of Game of Thrones, that 2nd season of WestWorld that I hear isn't very good but that i'll compulsively watch anyway)!< because these four objects had insisted on ridiculous burgeoning quests. "I got work in two hours. Two hours. That's all you get. That's it. After that, you're done. No more. I'll do whatever the hell it is you want me to for two hours."

*^(Garrrrryyyy, take The Ravager's sword, slay the demon Azareth, use Maven's shield to block Its fire, run on the boots of cowardly-swiftness to escape from the burgeoning rift in the realm, speak the name of Ulathtril's book and summon the typhoon that will cleanse the world.)*

The words seem to float from all the items together, all at once.

I thought about it for a moment. I'd been putting it off for weeks. I'd tried throwing the stupid things in a dumpster, but just like the guy from craigslist said, they'd just show up again when I wasn't looking. >!(Protip: don't accept quests from Craigslist -- even if you think it'll be a funny joke, EVEN if you think the black-hooded, pale-faced, ice-white eyed guy is just trolling you...the slight chance that he isn't will leave your head spinning).!<

I had to be in the office by 11am or else I'd lose my job for sure. Too much previous slacking that's accumulated over the years.

I sighed. But what choice did I have? >!(I only had a month or two until season 8 of Game Of Thrones, so I needed to get my life back).!<

"Okay." I said, "Okay, I'll do it."

I sheathed the sword in an old guitar bag I got from a garage sale, slipped on extra socks to fit into the boots, duck-taped a messenger-bag-style strap onto the shield and wrapped it around my back, then slipped the spell-book in a fanny pack. I was ready.

"Where do I go first?" I whispered when I was standing outside my SF apartment>!(If anyone else was around, watching me talk to myself, they'd think I was a madman).!<

The spell-book in my fanny-pack vibrated, and when I opened its pages an image of an abandoned office-building showed up in a page that was previously empty.

"Okay, actually, um, I think I know where that is." I paused. "Muni doesn't go that way, though."

The boots felt weird on my feet -- I was teetering back and forth and could barely walk in them. Could I really outrun a demon wearing these silly things?

I pulled out my phone and called an Uber.

When it came, I was surprised to find that the driver was wearing a dirty old cowl etched with strange symbols, was fully adorned in a suit of armor that didn't fit him well and looked absolutely awkward to sit and drive-in.

He looked me up and down before I got in the car.

"You too, huh?" He asked.

I nodded my head.

"Fuck man. Okay, let's just get this over with."

So the quest began.