*BRRRINNNNNNG!*

The bell signaled the end of the first round of midterms. Why the bells were even still connected up to anything was a mystery to the entire school. But at least this ringing meant I could breathe a sigh of relief for a while before any important homework was due.

With a burden lifted from my shoulders, I walked back to my dorm room where I was hoping to relax and waste away the evening playing Factorio. My life wasn't very interesting, and I didn't really know anyone on campus since this was my first semester.

But someone knew me. Before I had laid down on my bed for even a minute, I heard the familiar sound of paper rubbing across a hard surface. Someone must have left me a note. Probably this week's university-approved solicitation. I turned my head towards the door to see what had arrived, but the vinyl floor was bare, save for my own shoes.

I put my laptop on the nightstand and stood up, thinking to myself that my shoes were blocking my view of whatever trash I had to now put in the recycling bin at the end of the hall.  Before I had even taken a step back towards the door, I saw the newly arrived document. It was a letter enclosed in a bright red envelope. And it had been delivered from under the closet door.

*Great, the RA must be pranking me,* I thought to myself, walking over to the closet door. Opening the door revealed something that I already knew in the back of my mind, however. The closet wasn't deep enough for more than a textbook, and there were far too many shelves for even a ballerina to stuff themself inside.

Confused, and very suspicious of how the delivery could have arrived, I picked up and examined the envelope. Other than the handwritten greeting, "Hello, Dear," the envelope had no distinguishing features. But it clearly had more than paper inside, as something was sliding around and bulging the envelope.

I stuck my finger under the flap, and tore open the envelope. A key slid out into my hand, and a letter came out with it. I read the letter:
>Dear Karen,
>
>You were made for more than a Liberal Arts degree. A lot more. You don't know me yet, but we must meet. Karen, I can show you a whole new world. If you want to meet me, use the enclosed key to unlock your door.
>I promise you, no one else can offer what I do.
>
>M

On the back lay a series of directions that started with "Go through the door," gave lefts, rights, and straights, and finished with "Fourth door on the left." As the key had no markings for what it belongs to, or even who made it, I thought very little of the letter for the time being.

The next morning I played with the key before class. Looking back at the closet, I realized it had a lock on it for some reason. So I tried inserting the key into the lock. It fit cleanly, and turned without much resistance. I opened the door, and nearly screamed.

The doorway no longer was a portal to my tiny closet, but it was now a quite literal portal to an endless, whitewashed hallway of seemingly identical doors. Since my classes couldn't be any less interesting than this, I grabbed the letter, pocketed the key, and, cautiously, walked through the doorway. The first direction was *Turn Left*. So I turned left, and walked down the hallway of doors. I followed the directions extremely carefully, as with each turn I became more fearful I would make a mistake and be lost forever. Eventually, I came to the final instruction.

I walked up to the door and tried turned the handle. It wouldn't budge. I took the key out of my pocket, and inserted it into the door's lock. The door swung inward to reveal a blacked out room, with two dishes, a crystal water glass, and a handwritten note.

>I'm glad you made it. Now you've got a decision to make: will you take the blue pill in the left dish, and wake up from this dream, or take the red pill in the right dish, and see the rest of the world I want to show you?

Well, if this was a dream, I would wake up anyways. And if it wasn't, I didn't want to pass up the opportunity. I approached the dishes and the door shut behind me. I cupped the red pill in my hand, doubting whether any of this was real.

Fed up with the nagging doubts, I plopped the pill in my mouth and downed it with some water. The lights came on in the room, and a movie-familiar face greeted me from the other side of the table. He smiled. "Now then Karen, shall we get started?"