“Behold! The hundred dollar bill is gone!” Maribel said to her semi-captivated audience of two.

Her thin fingers searched through the usual spots; her sleeve, her pockets, her top hat. Coming up empty, she even checked behind her own ears just to be sure.

“Well, where is it?” the man called John said impatiently.

Maribel’s only actual magical power was knowing people’s names, but whenever she tried to make use of it people always got really weirded out. One lady even accused her of being a stalker once. Since that day, she’d decided to stick to more mundane magic tricks.

“Just a minute,” Maribel said and held out her hand toward his breast pocket. “Do you mind?”

The man shook his head and allowed her to search it, while his girlfriend watched in slight annoyance. 

Maribel sighed. “I’m really sorry, guys, but I can’t find it.”

“You’re joking, right?” the girl called Lissa said. “That’s a hundred dollars!”

After an embarrassing trip with the young couple to the ATM, Maribel decided to pack up her things for the day. Nothing had gone as planned. Somehow the paper crane had turned into an actual bird, attacked the small audience, and then fled the scene with her tip jar around its neck. And for some reason, her deck of cards had caught fire during one of her tricks. She was lucky to have escaped without third-degree burns.


She shook her head and left the street with a hundred dollars less than she’d started with. Normally, she just worked at parties, but right now she desperately needed the extra cash. 

With her stomach churning, Maribel stopped by the grocery store. She only had a few bucks left to her name, but she hadn’t eaten all day. While picking out a loaf of bread and a bag of rice, she passed by a Lukas, a Rosie, an Ingrid, and the cashier Tom. Sometimes Maribel did look up people she'd learned the name of on Facebook just to see the contrast between their real life and online persona. That wasn’t stalking, just a morbid curiosity.

Maribel was just about to leave when she bumped into someone she’d previously missed. Their bag of apples spilled out over the floor. An annoyed huff came from the woman. 

“I’m so sorry,” Maribel said gathering up the apples in the bag again, some of them clearly bruised from hitting the floor. “Here you go, Grimhilde.”

What a weird name, Maribel thought before realizing her slip-up. Their eyes met, both wide. Then Grimhilde’s thin lips curled into a smile, somehow pushing her already high cheekbones up even further. Her dark eyes still sparked with annoyance, but her sharp eyebrows returned to their normal resting place.

“Who are you?” Grimhilde said, finally, her voice breezy and somewhat haughty in tone. “How do you know my name? I’ve not used that name in…” she stopped herself.

Maribel shifted on the spot. “I, uh… I just overheard it earlier, yeah. That’s what happened.”

The woman gave her a long hard look. “Very well, I best get going.”

The woman then grabbed the side of her coat and swept out of the store. Maribel sighed and was just about to leave, as well, when she noticed one of the apples still on the floor. It did look very tasty and she had a few cents left to spare. She picked it up and headed toward the register.

“I wouldn’t eat that if I were you,” a new voice said behind her. Maribel really wasn’t paying attention today.

She turned around and for the first time ever she looked at a face and didn’t immediately know its owner’s name. This man was heavy built with wide shoulders and a thick black beard. His eyes were hard but not unkind.

“Who are you?” Maribel said for the first time ever without having to fake the surprise in her voice.

“Nobody,” the man said. “Just don’t eat that fruit.”

He turned, and just like the posh scary woman, promptly left the store. Maribel looked at the apple in her hand. The bizarre failures in her magic tricks earlier, the lady with the odd name, and the man without one. She sighed. This was all too weird for one day.

***
More of my stories at r/Lilwa_Dexel