*What if I’m still dreaming?*

Car horns blare all around me. A radio plays a catchy tune I’m sure I’ve heard before. Someone yells, “hey, move it!” 

I open my eyes. A yellow light glares down at me.

The silence is deafening. Then a shuffling of shoes and a voice.

“Have you taken any drugs in the past twenty-four hours? Any history of hallucinations? Perhaps in your family? Are you taking any perscriptions?”

“I don’t know,” I say.

“Randall, look at me.” 

The yellow light is pushed away. I blink for a moment and admire the white spots fading. I’m in a hospital room. The white walls and IV pole help narrow that down. The voice belonging to a man with a white jacket and a stethoscope around his neck confirms it.

“Randall.” the voice says.

I think I respond but I can’t remember.

“That’s okay. Do you know where you are?”

“Yeah, I think. In a hospital?”

The voice sits next to me. Bedside manner, I assume. “You had quite the episode. Do you recall anything about the last twenty-four hours?”

I think about this, though, I’m sure I stare at him silently for longer than he expects because the voice quickly grimaces. 

*God, I hate that.* 

The voice’s head shakes too but this, there’s nothing natural about it. The shaking, that is. It’s much too violent. Maybe way too fast.

I feel uneasy. I close my eyes.

“You gonna stand here all day or do I gotta run you over?”

The car horns are back. The song. La di da. Or is it La da di? I’ve already forgotten.

“Some of us got work, you dolt!”

I open my eyes and everything lights up. A red hand directs me to stop. I’m standing in the middle of the street. The dolt.

That’s when I see him. Walton Simmons.

“Who’s Walton Simmons?”

I can’t remember but I know him. I’m sure I know him because he smiles at me. He does that wave and nod and he smiles at me.

*Is that it?*

“Randall, I’m going to make a recommendation. It’s going to help you sleep a little better. Will you promise me you’ll do this every night?”

La di di.

“Yes,” I reply.

“Do this every night before you go to bed.”

“Is that it?” I ask.

“See me again if you notice anything weird.”

If I notice something weird? I don’t know how to tell him that I should probably never leave then.

My way home is easier than yesterday. The rain has subsided and the cars travel slowly. As I wait for the light to change, I think about my dream and Walton Simmons.

The time is unknown, per the usual. I’m playing the guitar, an actual real-life dream of mine though I’ve had no practice and everytime I consider the opportunity to learn, I find some excuse to give up the research.

*I think I would like to try an acoustic guitar.*

I’m playing at Ma’s Cafe and Walton somehow has the body electric strumming in his soul because he kills the drums. And together we’re playing daft tunes to a crowd of twenty-somethings that care as little about the world as we do.

With the loud but modest crowd cheering us on, I turn to the mic and tell everyone, “We’re going to close this out with one last song.”

“La di da. Fancy catching you here!”

It’s Walton. Walton Simmons. The Walton Simmons. I can’t believe Walton Simmons is standing in front of me.

*How do I know him again?*

“Randall, right?” he asks.

I know who I am.

He grimaces. “Are you all right?”

I’m good, I think I say. I’ve been fine. Better than fine. Swell. What time is it?

He stares at me. His stupid grimace tightening. 

“I’ve been having the weirdest dream about you,” I say.

His eyes open wide. 

“Have you?” he asks.

“No, no, you don’t understand. It’s been happening a lot. Maybe I wouldn’t classify it as weird.”

“Did you think it was weird, Randall?”

Of course I thought it was weird, you dolt. I don’t know who you are but I’m having dreams about you, Walton Simmons, playing the drums. Why wouldn’t that be weird?

“Can you look at me, Randall?”

“Yes,” I say.

“What else is happening in this dream of yours?”

“Like I’ve said, you’re on stage playing the drums and there’s this guy who keeps watching me.”

“Does the guy say anything to you?”

“It’s nothing like that. He just sits there and nods. And he smiles too.”

“Who is he?”

“Look, I don’t know,” I reply.

Walton reaches for my shoulder. The grip is nice. Not too tight, not too loose. He directs me, almost casually, but I follow.

“A lot of us have *weird* dreams too, Randall. I want you to see someone. Will you do that for me?”

I take the card. Why am I taking his advice?

“Who is he?”

“It’s important you see this man. He will change your life. And he might even help you learn how to play the guitar like you’ve always wanted.”

“Wait, what did you say?” I ask.

Walton smiles. “I said he will change your life.”

“No, no,” I say. “You said he will help me learn the guitar?”

“Yeah, sure. He can do a lot of things.” He grabs the card back, flips it over. “Call this number right there. Randall, the man is an inspiration. He taught me so much. Did you know…”

I watch Walton Simmons blab away. He’s talking about mice and the study of their brains. What does this have to do with anything?

“Can I stop you?” I interrupt.

The interruption does not seem to sit well with Mr. Walton Simmons, whoever the fuck he is. He grimaces again. That stupid fucking grimace.

“Sure, Randall. But I really need you to get going.”

“What was this about the guitar?” I ask.

“Guitar?”

“You said he can teach me how to learn the guitar.”

“Like I said, Randall, he can do-”

I interrupt him again. “Yeah, I know, he can do a lot of things. I fucking know, Walton Simmons.”

“Randall.”

“How do you know I wanted to learn the guitar?”

“Are you taking medications, Randall? You should definitely let me know if you’re taking any medications.”

*Why is he changing the subject?*

“I’m not taking any fucking medications!” I say.

“Randall, can you please look at me?”

That song is playing again. La da da. La di do. I still can’t place it.

“Randall,” says the voice.

I notice that my eyes have been closed. I open them. I’m lying in bed in a room made of stone, as far as I can tell. Or maybe I only think that because it’s cold and the walls are gray. 

In the room is the man from my dreams. The one that nods and waves.

He smiles. “Hi Randall.”

“What time is it?” I ask.

He nods. “You’re doing what I asked you to do every night?”

“Every night,” I say.

“Good, Randall.” The voice jots down a few notes. “And have you noticed anything weird?”

“I don’t know how to answer that question.”

The voice waves. At first I think he’s waving at me, but I quickly realize he’s waving someone in. 

The door opens. Walton Simmons. 

*What is that fucking grimace doing here?*

“What is he doing here?” I ask.

“Randall, don’t you remember Walton?”

“I don’t like repeating myself. I’ve told you countless times, I don’t know who Walton Simmons is.”

The voice nods at this and jots something down. From how quickly he did it, I can tell he draws a checkmark or a line. Probably through a box. I’m sure it’s a checkbox. This dolt is checking yes or no to my responses.

Walton sits next to me. “Randall, we’ve known each other for quite some time.”

“Have we?”

“Yes, we have.” Walton says. “In fact, you and I were very close when we were much younger. Best friends, some might say. I think we were inseperable. That is until you had your episode.”

I don’t know what he’s talking about but I let him continue.

“You were nearly lost to us. Dead. For several minutes, really. But thanks to the work of this man here, you were brought back to us. A miracle. In fact, all of your falcuties were intact, except for your memory.”

“That is unfortunately something we could not bring back to you,” the voice says.

“You both sound like you’re doing this for me.”

“But, we are, Randall. All of this is for you, by you.”

The look in my face must have been telling because the voice quickly shifts focus.

“Sit up, Randall. Please follow me,” the voice says. 

Walton gently guides my shoulder with his hand. As we walk out the door through the halls, Walton explains how we ran into each other moments - or has it been hours - ago?

“You left before we could finish,” Walton says. “You left and I was asked to find you.”

The chat must have been engrossing because I lose consciousness and suddenly find myself in a hospital room.

“Do you remember this place?”

“I don’t think so,” I say.

“That’s okay. Do you know where you are?”

“In a hospital,” I say.

The voice nods and smiles. Walton walks over to a radio sitting by a bed. He turns the radio on and that song plays. La di di. La da da.

“I know this song.”

Both men turn to look at me. “Do you?” the voice asks.

“I’ve heard it before.”

“It’s your song, Randall.”

“My song?” I walk to the radio and pick it up. A regular radio. Nothing fancy. I think I was hoping for an engraving, some sign that it once belonged to me.

“Randall,” the voice calls. “I want you to learn how to play this again.”

It’s a guitar. An acoustic guitar. The same from my dreams.

“Is that mine as well?”

Both men smile. “Once upon a time,” Walton replies.

As I sit in bed listening to the song, strumming a guitar I think I once knew how to play, I read through newspaper clippings of the accident. No one knows why I suddenly stopped in the middle of the street, but they caught the man that hit me.

And Walton Simmons? I finally know who he is. 