Nobody likes moving house.

It's tedious, a boring chore that everybody seems to go through at least once in their life. Some celebrate the change, others loathe the change, but nobody enjoys the moving. I didn't enjoy the move either, but that doesn't surprise me. I don't enjoy much of anything. I don't dislike much either. Mostly life just passes me by. I'm a passenger in my own vehicle, always staring out of the window but never taking the wheel. Until I moved.

Who knew that a few old demons, far beyond their prime and banished to the realm of superstition, could do that which the medicine could not? Ancient beings succeeding where modern practice failed.

It started with Sloth. Ambivalence was old hat to me, I had known weeks to flash before my eyes as I passed through them in a daze, rarely leaving my bed even to use the bathroom. That's what got me kicked out, the reason I moved into this house. My sister finally gave up. She spent so long trying, and failing, to push me into the outside world, but I would not leave. I was a bird happy to stay in my nest. So they took away my nest and told me to learn to fly.
I thought it was a side effect of the new prescription at first. I'd hear a voice telling me to move, to get up, to do something, anything. He'd stand there, berating me for being so lazy, such a waste of potential.

"There is only a time to relax when you have a reason to act."

I had finally snapped, I was hearing the voices, soon I'd be in a padded cell wearing a hug-jacket and sipping opiates out of a toddler's cup. Then it hit me. Well... he hit me. It's hard to tell yourself something isn't real when it breaks your nose. He started with teaching me how to truly enjoy my time doing nothing. Which is to say, he found tasks for me to do. I discovered a world I had never known existed, a world of autonomy, where I made the decision to act, not for my sister, not for my doctor, not even for Sloth. For myself. From that new world, my old world evolved. Sitting on the sofa, watching the clock tick by and dreaming of a world in which I mattered, transformed into sweet relief. Release from the satisfying aches and pains, both physical and mental, which signified a productive day. Watching television became a luxury, the time I had for it growing ever shorter, the shows I watched becoming that much more intense as I had to pick only that which I truly wanted to watch.

Under Sloth I became active, but Gluttony was the first to help me channel my newfound lease on life. She gave me a cookbook on our first meeting, 'Simple Meals For The Single Man'. Simple though the meals may have been, learning to cook was not. I've lost count of the times I've failed to create a palatable dish. Countless plates have been hurled, inedible failure and all, at my critical sous chef. She was always bitter to see food go wasted by my lack of talents, and always free to inform me of my culinary sins. Time and practice make perfect though. Her criticisms slowly morphed into grudging compliments, then into showers of praise. Now I can barely cook enough to satisfy her.

Envy came to me next. He pointed to the other men in the neighborhood, focusing on the perfection of their physical form. The sculpted muscles, the perfect haircuts, the whitest smiles. All of it could be mine, he would say, if I wished it so. He taught me how to take care of myself, to turn my desires into reality. I stopped wishing I was others, and became that which others wished to be. Soon I was at my peak, I had become all that I could physically be. But I was still weak in my mind. I had no confidence, no belief in my self. And then there was Pride.

Pride was exactly as you would expect. He bowed to no other, he respected only those who earned his respect, and he made those who did not earn it crave it even more. He was the lion in the savannah of my home. I clashed with him often at first, he looked down on me like trash, and in my mind I was living with my sister again. I lowered my head every time. Afraid that I would anger him, that by refusing to bow before him he would spare me no shame. One day I could stand no more, he called me scum and I shook with rage, fury flowing through my soul. The fires of hell were burning in my eyes, and my blood screamed through my veins. As Sloth bloodied my nose, so I bloodied Pride's. That was the first time Wrath made herself known to me, and the first time Pride looked upon me with respect. The two of them became my closest companions for a time, they helped me become strong of soul, not just of body. To bend with force, but to never break.

While Pride showed me what I should stand for, Wrath showed me how to fight for it. She beat her lessons into me, every bruise a new skill learned. Every broken bone was to be worn with pride, for she only broke me when she was beaten. I became stronger under her by learning how to use the strength I had, how to unleash my anger and channel my rage. It was never enough to merely beat an enemy, they must be taught to never again challenge my authority.

Lust showed me how to love another. She was there on every first date, hiding from all but me, whispers of encouragement falling from her soft lips, caressing my ears with a sensual touch. She taught me how to take that feeling, and how to share it with another, to revel in the sensations that mere words could invoke. Reveling in the sensation of words turned into reveling in the sensations of flesh. The rolling of hips, the ghostly touch of a woman's breath in my ear, the throes of pleasure. All these, and more, became mine to experience. And when I had learned how to love the body of another, I came to understand how to love the soul of another.

When Greed finally came to me years had passed. I was no longer the shell of man that I had been, I was the best I could be, I had become all that I could ever desire to be and more. So I turned him away. He had no more to offer me than that which was already within my grasp.


Nobody likes moving house, but I'm glad I did.



Thanks for reading if you made it this far. This is actually the first piece I've written in about five years and I did it all in one shot, so I apologise if it seems a bit inconsistent! Please feel free to leave any criticism below, and be as brutal as possible on what I can do better.