 The angelic choir chanted in perfect harmony, *“Ecce homo qui est faba,”* and in the beam of cleansing light he descended. With the thunderous voices radiating divine glory the lamb rose, a man among men. Except there was a problem. 

He was a few years to early.

The man proclaimed himself Mr. Bean in an effort to remain clandestine. He could just summon the other four, but they were a bit of sticklers for tradition, and he didn’t want to mess around with the man upstairs. Waiting was fine, he supposed. 

What to do with his spare time? How much spare time did he really have? He could have sworn the memo said November 5th, 1990.   He needed to do an accounting of the numbers—a full account—with all the scriptures at hand. 

“Can I help you sir?” The Jeweler said, staring at the strange man in front of him. 

Mr. Bean hunched over, staring at the timepieces. 

“Sir? Can I help you?”  

Mr. Bean looked up, adjusting his red tie. “Mmmm, yes.” 

“Is there something I can take out for you?”

Mr. Bean pointed towards a calculator watch. “Bingo!”

The accounting was done; he arrived thirty year too early. So he spent the next thirty years looking at pigeons, spreading butter all over his sandwiches, and trying his dandiest to fit in with the rest of the world. This was a bit difficult at times. Eventually, with the crack of thunder and another sounding of angels, the others arrived on horseback, bathed in power and majesty.

“Goodness me. Has it been thirty years already?” Mr. Bean said. 

Death and Famine shot nervous glances at eachother. War giggled. It had been the best thirty years of their existence. Pestilence finally spoke up. “Um… yeah. Yes it has been thirty years, funny thing that mix-up. Can you open the scrolls now?

Mr. Bean wrung his hands in delight and drew a katana from his belt. “Oh!” 

War sighed, and his disappointment caused the nearest tavern to break out into an unruly mob. “Ok, well, anyway, here we go.”

He drew a scroll from his white robe and presented it to the all-powerful Mr. Bean, who clutched it with glee. He made a strange noise with his tongue, waving the scroll overhead like he was trying to flag down a taxi. Then, to the utter astonishment of the other four, he took the katana and sliced the scroll in two.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Death said. 

“Does anyone know how to fix this? Can we just… get the big G to make another scroll?” Pestilence added, surrounded by thousands of flies. 

“I’ve got it!” Mr. Bean said. 

He grabbed a big package of duct tape and began to hastily tape the scroll back together. In a matter of minutes, his masterpiece was complete. He managed to tape his eyebrows together, his left hand was taped to his right knee, and the scroll was now cut into four irregular shaped pieces.

“Oh, come on!” War said, and used his red sword to cut Mr. bean free. 

Mr. Bean started crawling on the ground. He wanted to be a pretty caterpillar, and he was going to do just that. 

“Can we just end the world without him?” Famine suggested.

Upon hearing this, Mr. Bean had a moment of clarity. “Come and see!”

In a second, the five were transported to Disneyworld. Mr. Bean immediately ran towards Mickey and embraced him. People around screamed and ran from the startling appearance of the other four, leaving Aloha Isle unoccupied. 

Famine sighed. “Well, at least we have Dole Whip.”

***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH