Alright, I’ve got some explaining to do. Firstly, I did not mean to help Tsarist Russia fall. Those dumb Romanovs couldn’t do anything thing right except fuck everything up. I was just trying to enlighten the Russian monarchs. Secondly, I did not mean to drop a nuke on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. I blame MacArthur for that one(what a dumbass). And lastly, I did not mean to invade Kuwait. I just really like oil money. 

I have “died” in some many ways, it’s starting to becoming hard to find new excuses. I have been shot, had drug overdoses, gotten hanged, died of natural causes, the list goes on and on.  Being a bonafide celebrity now is a great change of pace. I didn’t realize how good I was at soccer until I assumed the identity of Neymar. It’s fun knowing all of these people, and not changing history as much is getting me big points from the Council.

I hate this council with a passion. Ever since I became Justinian and allowed Christianity into the Roman Empire, these guys have been on my back. They ride my case every century.

“Did you shoot Abraham Lincoln?”

“Did you help kill Richard III?”

“Did you invade England and form the Danelaw?”
(Yes, I did all of these things, but that’s not the point.)

It’s like I’m back in the Bronze Age again, when I was a child. But through my first millennia, I was bored out of my mind, with nothing to do except serve in governments and armies, assuming roles of absolute nobodies. What’s the fun in that? I want to rule the world, not sit in some army barracks or court doing nothing but spouting gibberish to everyone I speak to. I wanted to live exciting, eccentric lives. And the Council won’t even let me have that. Not even on my 5000th birthday

“So, we see you are a soccer player now?”

“Yes.”

“And how do you plan to die?”

“Heart attack, 30 days after I retire.”

“Too much attention. We suggest 78 years old due to liver failure.”

“It’s death, it really doesn’t matter when?”

“Are you kidding me? If you die from a heart attack, the world will be mourning you for weeks. We can’t let that happen again. NOT AFTER IRAQ, CALLUM!”

“I do what the fuck I want, and I will die when I want. Stop fucking interfering in my lifes.” 

“Callum, you really do want this world to end. This meeting is adjourned.”

I gave them the middle finger as I left. My next life, would be my most destructive yet.