After so much turmoil, crawling up from the muck of the Earth and standing upright against the force of gravity, almost as foreshadowing for their destiny beyond the gravity of their homeworld, after taming fire and tilling the soil and building great cities for dirt and stone, harnessing lightning and defeating Earth's overpowering gravity to make it into the beyond, going to the moon and surviving the Singularity, even making it through a nuclear war, mankind seemed unstoppable.

It was sometime in the 2800's when humanity finally branched out into the solar system, finally flourishing as an interplanetary species. But as it turned out, that's all it would ever be. Interstellar was somehow, not viable. At first they just looked like malfunctions, the destruction of the Starhoppers, but after 16 heavily manned ships had blown up at the inner edge of the Kuiper Belt, it was obvious that something greater was going on. The Voyager spacecrafts had made it entirely out of the solar system unscathed, why were these far more advanced ships being entirely obliterated with no known cause on the very shore of the cosmic sea?

&#x200B;

On the other side of that sea, they watched the strange things. The strange things that lit up the night side of their planet and altered its atmosphere, destroyed major ecosystems and disrupted the flow of natural climate change. The Virus, they called the things. With two eyes, how could their vision possibly be clear? And for that matter, the wavelengths of light these things saw at were highly dangerous and provided no life-giving warmth, only the decay of  the most important molecules, like Methane. They lived on a hellishly hot world, and were only heating it up more. And they were only looking to expand, burn perfectly livable worlds to make them livable for their kind, extract resources from the planets and throw away the husks. Luckily, however, the Virus was contained. the silent watchers had set up a electronic disruption field around the monster species' solar system once they started showing signs of developing interstellar travel after they somehow managed to rise from the ashes of planetary-level suicide.

&#x200B;

That barrier, however, wouldn't keep the monster caged forever. Viruses adapt, and a bipedal species of living diamond was no exception. The Virus learned to turn off its electronics systems as it left their home behind to infect more worlds, more hosts. Containment was breached, they had escaped. 

One of their own ritualistic chants appears to be true, then; "Life, uh, finds a way."