A backed up toilet. A fallen senior. Just an extra pair of eyes to appear at a train station late at night, preventing a robbery. Most of the time it was pretty mundane and other than showing up, very little had to be done. It was easy. Four taps. Four taps and you could be halfway across the world. Or simply next door. 
Wherever the location, it was always somewhere you were needed. Sometimes life saving events, sometimes saving the day at a party. It had become one of your favorite things to do. It was never profitable however, so a job and such still had to be done, and sometimes it would be taps after taps before the power realized that you were the one who needed you, at least to remain fed and living under a roof. But one day it all changed.
It was noon at your job. Standard shop lunch room. Microwave, coffee machine, a couple fold out tables surrounded by chairs. It was a boring day, and your contempt for your boss was grinding at your very core. Always such a bitch about the smallest things. If the fucker was any good at the job there would be no need for the petty shit you had to endure every day. But it is what it is, and you always had an escape route. Which led to a nagging feeling in the back of your mind. 
"Just do it now.." you thought. Maybe you will end up in some hotties hotel room, who only needed a good lay. A pipe dream perhaps, but there was always hope. The thought was quickly dismissed.
But it remained in the back of your mind, all through lunch. As the last of two sandwiches got stuffed into your stomach, you had finally had enough.
Tap tap tap tap.
The transport was immediate, and for some reason always out of sight, which made it easier than having someone teleport in front of witnesses leaving so many questions.
It was a storage closet. You could hear screaming in the background, and distant gunfire. Lots of noise. A quick peak out of the crack of the door before revealing yourself led to the belief you were in a war zone. Shitty building, clear damage from all manner of weapons. Oh well, time to put on your big boy pants. You hadn't been killed yet.
Wandering down the hall you ran into something of an armed guard, camo gear, face bandana, automatic rifle. It was only when he spoke that you suddenly realized who it was.
Afif was one of your friends. Born in Palestine, traveled to go to school, yet returned to his homeland frequently, despite the difficulty and danger, to visit his family.
More importantly, the time you spent together with him in school led him to find out your biggest secret. He knew your power. He always wished he could have it, but was grateful knowing that you were (overall) a good person. 
His eyes lit up. Shock? Fear? You couldn't tell. But he didn't even say hi.
"What the fuck are you doing here!?" he yelled.
"Did you knock!?"
You didn't know how to reply, only managing to stutter "U-uhhh"
Without warning he rushed you.
"This is too dangerous! You are too valuable! The world needs you!"
You stared for a sec as his arm reached for your hand.
"Looks like you need me now." you said.
His eyes were wide and starting to water. His grip on your wrist was strong, a warriors strength.
"It is too late for me my friend." he yelled, still reeling from the sound of close gunfire.
"No!" was the last thing that you could say.
He smashed your hand four times into the bullet riddled wall beside you.
You ended up on a street in your city. As you waited for a light to change to make it to the bus, a small girl, looking to be barely eighteen, grabbed your arm and asked you if you knew how to get to the safe injection site.
Edit: never posted here before, don't know why paragraphs got separated sorry folks
