"What's that?" 

Coming out of the reverie of my deep contemplation I felt something tickle lightly across my shoulder. A few long strands had slipped out of my loose top knot and skimmed the exposed skin under my shawl. 

Even after all this Time, I considered myself rather amateur at meditating. The wind caught my attention and my eyes were drawn up to the swirling clouds. More strands of hair were pulled from my haphazard bun. How long have I been sitting here, I muse as I slowly stretch my arms out in front of me. Still supple and pliant, I can see the sinews in my delicate hands flex as I release my fingers from the mudras I've held for the last.... How long HAVE I been here? 

The last time I saw the village was midsummer night. The last time I saw another person was early Autumn, the trees were just beginning to lose their green. Looking out from my perch, I see a nearly unending blanket of pristine white snow. But there is always snow up this high. After shifting my weight gently, I straighten my legs for the first time in months. Without creaking, old though my joints may be, I stand and walk out of the shallow cave. The wind is stronger here and pulls at my shawl and pants, and fully undoes the tangle of hair at my crown. I tuck it behind my ears and out of my eyes so I can see the river below my home. 

The valley is just beginning to fill with deep earthy green. The river is swelling with runoff from the hills and mountains, frothing in its brilliant course. It must have been nearly six months. Six months in silent stillness! That's the longest I've managed so far....And now I have so much to say....but yet, still nothing to say. The stillness. The being. Can I even put it into words? It is not for me to put into Words. Just to do. Just to Be. I suddenly remember breathing. What an effort to think about breathing, and then the thought and the effort is gone and it is again just to Be the Breath. 

I turn back towards my airy lair. A small disk of light catches my eye as I turn and I remember the mirror. Maybe now I will see some lines of wisdom beginning in my smooth and ancient skin. I walk over to the mirror with bemusement. Same smooth unfurrowed brow, not a crows foot or crease. I reach up to gather my long auburn hair back in a bun and stop. I tilt my chin down slightly so the light catches my hair at my left temple, where there is now a shock of white. Something new and changed in my immortal shell. This will require more contemplation. 

But first, tea. 