&#x200B;

I click my pen. I like doing that, it makes them uneasy. My mistress would have called it a result of my sociopath tendencies. God I miss that bitch.

Mr. Stevens looked at me warily from the other side of the massive oak desk between us. He looked uncomfortable in his rickety old chair. The oiled leather in my chair fit me perfectly, which it should given that it  costed unreasonable amounts.

"So...errr" he started.

I flipped my papers, pretending to browse through them. He closed his lips and looked down.

A few minutes passed, the only sound being his uncomfortable shuffling. He was getting used to it now. It was time to strike.

I looked up from my papers and bored my eyes into his. They were a drunkard's old eyes, in a face marred by a hard life. He almost fell from his chair in surprise.

"So Mr. Stevens. First of all I would like to welcome you to my office. As you know we pride ourselves on giving the best advice available.

"but aren't you the only adv..."

"the best advice available mr. Stevens" I left the sentence hanging.

You could see the resignation in his soul. Beautiful.

"I see that you have had some issues with the status of your soul's passing into the afterlife"

"Yes, you see they are claiming that I..."

"I see here that you were denied transcendence on the basis of sins committed?"

"Well, that's just bog..."

"More specifically you have committed" I pretended to look down into the papers once more.

"I haven't done sh..."

"adultery, theft, bearing false witness and taking the lord's name in vain"

"Now you listen to m..."

I held up a finger. He closed his mouth, but his eyes were angry now. This was going to be a good one.

"Now adultery is simple. We'll just file an affidavit that you were actually married. Polygamy is fine, after all."

"But I wasn't marr..."

"No worries, the rules of marriage are strict, but the contractual definitions of what constitutes marriage are not. We have priests on retainer that will testify to the sanctity of your union"

"But it's not tru..."

"To them it is, Mr. Stevens. And god can look into people's souls. That's why you are here to begin with, after all".

I clicked my pen once more for good measure. I swear the sound almost sent him reeling. His suffering was sweet nectar.

"And I see here that you stole.... a penguin?"

"Ah" He didn't object to this one, he just looked embarrassed.

"Well, that isn't theft. Genesis 1:26 clearly states that man is to rule over the animals after all. If you wanted the penguin to come home with you, that is your prerogative."

He gave me a dubious stare.

"False witness is a tricky one, and I see that this really was one of your specialties"

"Now hold on a m..."

"Forty-three thousand six hundred and eighty-eight counts to be exact"

He looked dumbfounded.

"But I also see that you clearly regretted lying most of the time"

A glimmer of hope appeared in his eyes.

"So we'll claim repentance. It worked for St. Peter after all, so they tend to be lenient about that one at the gates".

"So that leaves us with taking the lord's name in vain"

"Jesus Ch..."

I looked at him.

"Oh" he said.

"We'll just file a claim that the Tetragrammaton can't really be pronounced. They let in people who believe in that, so it shouldn't be a hard argument to make.

"The tetra-what-now?"

"The Tetragrammaton, mr. Stevens. You just leave the theological details to us".

"So er..."

"Yes?" I said.

"What happens now?"

"We'll file a temporary motion and get you in mr. Stevens. It's all routine from here".

He gave me a doubtful look while I stood up and started walking him to the door.

"Just you go on mr. Stevens. They'll let you in.".

I opened the door and let him out.

"I mean, I think you are perfect for heaven. You're just the kind of guy I want there. If they don' let you in..."

I closed the door behind him and smiled at the mirror besides it. The red flaming eyes were quite unlike the blue ones mr. Stevens had seen.

"... I'll raise hell"

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;