"There it is!"

"Finally! Come, give me a boost." Lucas put his hands together and spread his legs to be more stable. John put his foot in Lucas arms and jumped up grabbing a low hanging branch. With a bit fo swinging he managed to get his leg on another branch and pull himself up. After climbing another few meters up the trees he found the rather small drone which got stuck in some fresh spring branches. "Looks whole. YOU IDIOT. The battery cable got detached. I told you that one has to reinforce it with some tape." He came back down. "3 hours of searching because you cant put a bit of tape. You're cleaning the kitchen as punishment." 

"I cleaned yesterday!"

"And you'll continue cleaning as long as you don't learn not to break our drones!" He flipped out his phone "We found it. Meet you back at the boat. Tell the fishes to bring it up." 10 minutes later they were in on bikes and another 15 they were at the Pacific coast. The Air was fresh. Huge treas lines the street which barely had any traffic on it. It truly was untouched wilderness. They were the last to arrive. Chiara, Philippe, Natasha and Carmen were already there. Natasha immediately greeted them: 

"If they hear that you called them 'fishes' we wont see our yacht ever again." He ignored the comment. 

"So, anything out of the ordinary."

Carmen replied, leaning onto her bike: "Except the weather, which is weirdly nice, nope." The water got disturbed and bit by bit a 75m long yacht surfaced bow first. A head appeared on the water on the end of the pier. John walked to the end of the pier. 

"All good. Your code wiz is on board, did an amazing job. Where do you find them?"

"9 billion folks on this rock, some are bound to be good."

"Like Zebra fish, you humans. When I was young there were barely 1.5 billion of you. Anyway, we almost drowned your mechanic, could have told us that he was working."

"Yeah, sidejet 4 was broken. Is she fine?"

"Yeah yeah, just a bit shaken. We gave her some firewater. I left you some compensation for the computer parts you brought. Should keep us informed about the world for some time. Then well just call the Woodelfs again. At least they'll keep it all dry. Where you of too?"

"A bit south, to Tzartus Island and then to Victoria and Vancouver. To get a job as out budget is a bit low."

"Well you're in luck, your first job is now. Well give you a few crates for the mermaids down in Victoria." She turned around and submerged. A few seconds she came back. "Pleasure doing business with you. We put the standard payment on the table and a some salmon. There are too many this year."  

"You're a dear." He kissed her scaly cheek. "Hope to see you soon my queen." They shook hands and he boarded the ship. The rest of the crew was finishing up in loading the jeep and 3 motorcycles. "Chiara, check Alex out. She got a bit flooded. Lucas, check our inventory. Philippe, get us out in 10. The rest of you, take a break. We're having lunch at 1. I'll cook." The group diapered and John went to his cabin. A shower and he had to check the books. This island is a dead end. Except mermaids they only found a few quite hostile tribes of Woodfaries and and Woodelf scout, who just gave them greeting from their King.  Well at least now they can try the northern route again. New sightings in Hudson Bay look quite promising. He open a book and noted his thoughts. This was his 4th year on this boat. Life seemed good, but it was this one point that he just could not throw out of his mind. An Obsession. He had to find it, them. Bigfoot.

When he was 14, Johns parents left were at a conference in Vancouver. On their drive back they had an 'accident'. Both his mother and father died there. His Uncle, which was planned to visit them for a week was in the car. Being that the bodies were killed by brute force by large human hands, and the uncle was a large and strong man, they were quick to convict him. 3 years in, after all possible appeal, he took his life in his cell. The problem was, to this day that the windshield was broken inward. And that there was 1 more set of non-human DNA in the car. Since that day he set his goal to find who or what killed his parents and sent him to live with his racist grandparents in the USA where in his county there were 7 shooting victims for the 4 years he lived there. Truly a shitty place to live, for the small price of half his inheritance. 

Discrete vibrations  went through the ship. *And off we go. Lets see what our mechanic is going.* He stepped out and glanced at his wristwatch. 11:33. *A bit late but nothing awful.*