Death, that little asshole, sat in the corner of my room, reading a newspaper detailing about a recent plane crash. As I languished in my bed, wanting to die, he flipped ever more casually though the pages in an attempt to feign the most extreme indifference he could muster.

"Kill me." I demanded in a level, toneless voice. I hadn't been out of bed in decades. It wan't because I was ancient or *incapable* of getting out of bed. I was young. I was healthy and fine. I had merely lived long enough to no longer want to continue living. I stared at the ceiling. I was so desensitized to life. "Just. Kill. Me."

He simply turned another page without comment, but I could hear a faint wheeze of laughter issue from his ragged throat.

"You're such a dick, Death." My voice was absent of emotion or inflection. It merely was. He gave a huff in reply. "Kill me." Toneless.

He turned yet another page. The wheezing picked up slightly, but he worked to not break character.

"Kill me." He turned another page. I let him read a few paragraphs before I said, "kill me." He turned another page. I made a pause. "Kill me." Another page. Another pause. "Kill me." More pages and more requests to end my life. He ran out of pages.

I heard a low, creaking sigh come from him as he stood up and approached me. Out of the corner of my eyes I could see him. The muscles on his decaying face could hardly move, but it was clear that they were twitching into a sort of smirk as he regarded my supine, miserable existence.

"Kill m--" He put a finger up to my mouth to silence me.

Everything in the corner of my vision started to darken. I felt myself moving away from my bed, as if I were floating. I was rising up to the ceiling, yet I could still see Death standing over me. The darkness occupied all of my vision. I was blind and losing contact with the world. Briefly, before fading away completely, I faintly smiled.

\-----------------------------------

I woke up to Death sitting at that same wicker chair as before, reading a different newspaper about some other accident. I grimaced and sighed. He put me to sleep. I thought I was finally moving on, but I was fooled. I promised myself I wouldn't fall for that trick again. I quietly chastised myself for being so foolish and hopeful.

If Death had noticed this little inner dialogue, he gave no indication. He merely flipped through the pages of his newspaper again.

"Shithead," I said in a tone deaf voice. He gave a chuckle, and turned another page.