When I was a measly five years old my mother handed me a letter. At such a young age it had seemed as if I was part of some new magical adventure. As if I was a princess awaiting the arrival of a unicorn to whisk me off to some far away land. The letter was addressed to me and contained only seven words. I read those words over and over again.

*‘See you in twenty years, Amelia Rose.’*

As I grew older the letters became more of a nuisance than an exciting promise. I told my mother that I didn’t believe in the Easter Bunny so I certainly didn’t believe the contents of a supposedly magical letter. She insisted she wasn’t the sender but who else could it be? She had always loved stories and I wouldn’t put it past her to come up with one that lasted twenty-five years. On Christmas, she had put on a full Santa costume, beard and all, and pranced around the living room with a sack full of presents. I had laughed until tears came out my eyes. Later, she had come into my room to tuck me in. 

“Where’s the costume gone?” I had said.

A mischevious twinkle appeared in her eye as she replied, “What costume?”

If she could stand to wear a fat suit for hours on, she could definitely write a letter to me every year.

The day after I turned sixteen my mother handed me a new letter with a weak smile. I rolled my eyes but tore it open none the less and read the ever decreasing number. A snide comment had barely left my mouth before my mother broke into a coughing fit. 

“Are you alright?” I asked, rubbing her back. She waved me off but failed to hide the red-tinged tissue pressed to her chapped lips.

Her health deteriorated quickly and within months the mother I had loved so fiercely was gone. In the throes of mourning, I hadn’t been thinking about the day the letter would usually arrive. I imagined it would pass like any other. As I walked into my room that night I saw an envelope on my pillow. My heart dropped. I rushed to my bed and ripped open the letter.

*“See you in eight years, Amelia Rose.’*

I had stormed into my father’s room and thrust the letter in his face. “Is this some kind of a sick joke to you?’

He took the letter and read the contents with a furrowed brow. ‘I didn’t write this.” He said quietly handing it back to me. I furiously shook my head, trying to avoid the words. Who else could it be then? 

The following year I moved out into my own apartment across town. It was small but cosy and I adored every inch of it. The letter arrived a few weeks after I moved in. My heart had dropped when I found it sitting on my pillow. It couldn’t have been my dad, he was out of town with business. No one else knew about the silly tradition or had access to my apartment. I carefully approached the bed and picked up the letter. The same seven words but with an even smaller number were written on the page. Had my mother been telling the truth? Was there really more to this tradition than I realised? I shook my head and placed the letter in a box that was hidden away in the back of my wardrobe.

More years went by, more letters came and the stack within the box became larger and larger. Finally, the last letter arrived.

*‘See you tomorrow, Amelia Rose.’* 

I blinked the tears from my eyes. Maybe I could, at last, find the peace I so desperately craved. Maybe I could finally get on with my life and stop dwelling over some stupid letters.

I barely slept that night and got up as early as I could bare the next morning. I paced the apartment, practically burning a hole in the floor with my footsteps. At around nine I gave up waiting. If these letters were as magical as my mother claimed then surely the sender could find me no matter where I went. I wrapped a scarf around my neck and set out into the chilly winter morning. The wind bit into me as I hurried down the road. I wouldn’t go far, I’d just grab a coffee and see where the day took me. 

*Maybe a unicorn will come and whisk me off after all.* I snorted. 

I rounded a corner and noticed a coffee shop I had never seen before. I gratefully entered the warmth of the shop and made my way to the counter. It was surprisingly busy and the workers were hectically pouring hot drinks and taking orders. Apart from one, I noticed. The worker at the register I was queueing for seemed completely relaxed. He effortlessly chatted while writing down orders and never once dropped his smile. Time seemed to speed up and soon it was almost my turn to order. He handed the woman in front of me her change and looked behind her. At me. His eyes were the kind of green that would make any girl swoon. The kind of green that would make *me* swoon. I shuffled forward and bit my lip.

‘What can I get for you today?’ He said, those eyes never leaving mine. 

Completely forgetting what I came here for I picked the first thing I saw on the chalkboard behind his head. ‘A hot chocolate please.’

I stared at his lips as he said ‘For here or to go?’ 

‘To go,’ I looked up again, ‘Please.’ 

He nodded grabbing a paper cup and a pen. ‘And your name is?’ He smiled easily at me.

‘Amelia.’ He put the pen to the cup and froze. His mouth opened then shut and then opened again.

‘Amelia?’ He said as if it was a question.

‘Yes?’ He was staring at me as if I had grown a second head. 

‘Amelia Rose?’ My heart skipped a beat. This boy with those beautiful eyes, who I had never met before, knew my full name.

‘That’s me.’ I said, feigning confidence.

With shaking hands he put down the cup and reached into the pocket of his apron. I watched as he pulled out a letter and handed it to me. It was addressed to a Jamie Bright, the same name written on his nametag. Inside the envelope, there was a piece of paper and on it was written six words.

*‘You will see Amelia Rose tomorrow.’*

‘I have been getting a letter with your name written on it for twenty-five years.’