This is it, I wryly thought, this is over.
Ivan was standing on the doorway, he looked strangely intimidating. Normally he looks like a typical scientist, thoughtful, a bit detached from the world. His anger makes him look so different; he looks like he’s ready to attack.
“How long did you know, Ivan?” I asked casually, trying to keep my voice as calm as possible.
“I had misgivings about you from the very beginning. You seemed intelligent, but not enough to find these cures. I asked around, and no one can remember you to ever to be so remarkable.”
I repressed a sigh. What he was saying was true. I always had to work hard to achieve good results, and there were many who did far better than me without doing as half as me. I tried to find answers, what actually makes a genius? Does having superior intellect lie in the genes? Or is the secret is diligence? It might be a combination of both. For all I know that there came a time when I accepted defeat. I concurred that nothing – anything that can change the world – will ever be invented by me.
So after graduating college with an abysmal result it was a time of deep depression. I smoked, I wrote terrible poems which made me more depressed. I was lying in bed, looking at the ceiling of my dingy apartment when I realized that I haven’t showered in two weeks. I had to force myself there, and I vividly remember slipping into daydreaming, thinking about a world where I am a savior, a hero, a person to be worshipped. And then it hit me, it hit me so hard that I had to turn off the shower and gasped, trying not to slip by grasping the wall.
I wrote it all down, and next day went to meet my old professor. When I started he looked at me pityingly, after two hours he was convinced. And the rest is history. I met Ivan in one of the parties in college, and what struck me as most remarkable is he is very passionate. He had been a child prodigy, and in adulthood he retained his sharp mind unlike many of them. He is the type of person I was always so envious about, but at that party all eyes were on me. The high that I experienced will never come my way again. 
Enough with the memories. Now my secret is out. The satisfaction I will have is that the world has got rid of two of its crucial problems. 
“Go ahead Ivan, tell the world. But first let me know, how did you exactly find out?”
“You have everything now, but still you choose to live in this tiny apartment. And then I noticed once that you were very curious about learning mystical properties of water. You said your next project would be to visit those fountains and rivers which are regarded to be magical. I must admit I took a shot at this guess, and turns out I am right.”
I nodded, he is a very smart person. 
“So, what are you waiting for? Just go and tell everyone. Don’t wait.” I attempted to smile.
The streetlight strangely illuminated the scene, and I thought my eyes are deceiving me. Ivan’s thin, long face suddenly looked dejected, wary.
“I really don’t know what I expected”, he said in a low voice.
We stood in silence for a long time, and then he went away. 
