Halah cupped his hands to shield his eyes from the blowing snow that danced and whirled around him as the howling wind tore through his tattered, threadbare cloak. He could feel the cold settling deep down in his bones. Still, he could not help his excitement to be here, at the edge of the world. 

Halah had wanted to become a Scout since he was a small child, like his father, and his father before him. Scouts were the vanguard of his tribe, braving the Land of Winter to make maps and mark trails for his people in preparation for the time, soon to come, when the barren, frozen wastes would be fertile, habitable land once again, and his tribe would move on with their herds. Builders had an easier task – they dismantled the hide tents and the wooden pens and loaded the asses and the oxen with blankets and personal possessions and trinkets - everything that belonged to the frontier families - in order to remove them ahead of the slowly approaching Sun, which burned and scorched and destroyed everything under its harsh gaze, leaving behind only sand. 

Halah suddenly recalled being a small boy and sitting at his grandfather’s feet,  listening, awed, to the stories of their tribe, handed down for age after age, since Father Sun and Mother Moon made love beneath the stars and brought the world into existence. His grandfather was a self-described singer and poet, as well as an able scout in his youth, and relished every chance that he had to tell his stories and sing his songs, to which he added his grand gestures and dramatic exclamations, as if he was transformed into the colorful characters that he was describing in the firelight, to the delight of the children gathered around him, Halah’s brothers and sisters and cousins. Halah smiled to himself, and, for a moment, wrapped in warm, comforting memories, forgot about the Land of Winter. 

Suddenly, a strong gust of wind sent his small, shaggy horse into a panic, rearing; Halah fell from his saddle to the snow-covered ground, striking something hard that sent a sharp pain through his ankle. He swore angrily, and reached down to feel his ankle, to determine if it was broken. He could already feel it swelling beneath his woolen leg wraps. However, he paused, frightened, when he saw for the first time the thing that he had struck in his fall, now uncovered from the snow. He could not believe his eyes. What was it or, rather, who had it been?