"My apologies, kind sir." The cloaked figure slipped in front of Henrik just as he was heading for the counter. "I am in an incredible rush, do you mind if I went ahead of you?" 
Henrik had never seen the man before. His clothes, his accent, it was all very... foreign. Travelers aren't common around these parts and they usually don't mean much good. Although he was wary of strangers, or maybe because of this, Henrik took a slight bow and let the fellow pass. He made his purchase, taking his time to dig in his near endless pockets for something to settle his debt with. He tried to pay with three different types of coin before giving the shopkeeper a small watch as payment and scurrying away in a rush.

"Never seen him before, he a pilgrim?" Henrik asked Mary as she inspected the timepiece. "I think so," she replied without lifting her head, "Looking at his coin, he's been some places. Look at this!" Mary put the tiny clock between them on the counter. The detail was none like they'd ever seen before, an engraving so fine that it couldn't have been done by hand. It showed a maiden fair, holding an hourglass in the crest of a wave. "That's some mighty fine handiwork there, what did he get for it?" Henrik inquired. Mary peeled her eyes off the tiny piece of art. "A candle, I think." "One lousy candle?" "Yeah, just one." The whole thing baffled them both.

The happenstance had Henrik coming home a bit later that day. His loving wife serving him dinner like she always does. He wouldn't catch her cheating on him with his best friend, that's for sure. And so he wouldn't have any reason to doubt the legitimacy of their little Tommy. No, Tommy would grow up in a perfectly happy family. Can you imagine though, if his parents were to split up? If he were to end up on the streets, fighting his way through life, getting in and out of trouble, finding love along the way. And what a love that would be, strengthened by the hardships life would have in stock for him and this purely hypothetical love. Surely a child would come from such a union, wouldn't you think? A youth a bit more brash than your average pick of the litter, a bit more impulsive than your run of the mill young 'un. The sort of lad who, I imagine, would cut in line at your local grocery store.

Such a young man, should he have the fortune to exist, should surely be wary not to upset the wrong people. Wouldn't you agree?