Allen had first stumbled across Thales’ Bar only days after his death. He’d still been lost then, in a bleary haze and still convinced he was in the middle of some terrible adderal and cocaine induced fever dream. It was almost funny, back when he was alive he’d always joked that he would probably go out by ODing, but when it finally happened he just couldn’t accept it. 

So it was he found himself wandering the every changing streets of the land beyond the living. If you had asked him before his death where he would end up after death, Allen would have winked and sarcastically replied he was surely destined for the deepest pits of hell. Where all deviants and geniuses like him belong. In truth he hadn’t really believed there was anything that came after, but there was. Shows how much he knew. 

It wasn’t hell, or heaven for that matter. It was just...was. Allen had always had a way with words. It was how he’d made his living after all, but trying to define the afterlife was like trying to describe colors to a blind man. It was a city, most days. Sometimes it resembled New York, where he’d grown up. Other days it looked like Victorian London, or a sprawling ancient Arabian metropolis. It was always changing, and he wasn’t even sure if what he saw was the same thing others saw. 

Allen hadn’t handled it very well at first. He’d wandered aimlessly for what felt like days, and very well might have been. Time flowed strangely in this place. One second. One hour. It was hard to tell the difference if you weren’t paying attention. So he’d travelled the every shifting streets, begging those he saw for help. Sometime’s the roads were filled with so many people he had to push his way forward and shout to be heard above the crowd. Then he would a corner and find himself on a vacant street, his ears ringing in the sudden and absolute silence. 

That was how he found the bar. How long ago had that been now? Years, it had to be. Allen had come back often enough, when he could find the place. It was damn hard to find a regular dive in a place that kept changing, but he liked this place. It was cozy, the drinks were good, and it was tended by a kindly old man behind the counter. 

Allen slid onto the velvet barstool, folding his jacket across his leg as he waited for Thales to finish his conversation with another patron. He spent some time looking around. Today, the bar looked like fifties jazz lounge. It was dimly lit with red curtains hanging from the ceiling. Leather booths and polished glass tables were scrattered about. The place wasn’t crowded, it never was. A man was playing a soft tune on the piano in the corner and the heavy scent of cigar smoke hung in the air. 

“Allen.” Thales appeared before him with a kindly smile, pouring a glass of scotch into a glass and sliding it across the bar-top. 

“How are you Thales?” Allen asked, gratefully accepting the drink. 

“As good as I choose to be.” The old man replied, before adding with a wink, “So very good.” 

Then he was gone. Off to see to his other guests. Never an empty glass in his bar. That was his rule and he saw to it. Allen spun in his chair and spent his time loosing himself to the soothing sounds of the piano, nursing his glass. He didn’t know how long he sat there listening. A long time, probably. 

A roaring laughter off to his side brought him back to himself. He glanced to the back of the bar to see a group of three men sitting in a round booth, chatting amongst themselves. They were an old trio, that was for sure. One was an older man with a long white beard, similar to Thales. He was wide man, and dressed in an simple robe tied around the waist with a sash. The man on his left appeared slightly younger, with a few grey hairs left in his own beard that hung down in front of his tailored shirt. His face was wrinkled but his eyes twinkled with youth as he laughed again. The third man looked familiar to Allen. He was tall, barely appearing to fit in the booth, with short curly black hair and a neatly trimmed beard. His expression was set in stone, but there was the curl of a smile at the edge of his mouth as he sipped his drink.

Allen wasn’t sure what drew him to the them, but he allowed the whim to guide him, walking over to the trio. It only occurred to him,  how rude it might be inviting himself over, when he was already at the edge of the table. The man with sharp eyes and a long beard looked up, pointing enthusiastically, and perhaps just a bit drunkenly. 

“You there!” His Italian accent was strong even with the slight slur to his words. “I’ve never seen you in here before. Would you like to join us?”

“Ah leave him alone Leo.” The older man said, taking a puff the cigar between his fingers. “He’s probably coming over here to tell you to quiet down that dog bark you call a laugh.” The man turned towards Allen. “Sorry to bother you son. This one always gets a bit animated when he’s had a few.”

“N-no, I don’t mind.” Allen replied hastily, shaking his head. “I should be the one saying sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.” 

“Oh you’re not interrupting anything more than some old men’s chattering.” The older man waved away his apology with a smile. “You are welcome to join us if you’d like though.”

“Thank you. I think I might.” Allen said, sliding into the only open seat beside the tall man. “My name is Allen, by the way.”

“Sokratis.” The older man replied before gesturing to his friend on the right. “This is Abraham,” he gestured to his left “And this drunken fool is Leonardo.” 

“Drunken fool you say.” The one called Leo jeered. “How else am I suppose to lower my wits to you gentlemen’s levels?”

Abraham hummed, turning towards Allen. “Forgive him, he feels so small next to us he must measure himself in other ways.” His expression remained impassive, there was a warmth to his voice. For some reason it reminded Allen of his grandfather. Sokratis burst out in laughter as Leonardo sulked. 

“Easy for you to talk, fucking giant.” He muttered over his glass. 

“Ah, Allen. I see you’ve met the boys.” Thales had appeared once again and quickly refilled everyone’s glass. He winked at Allen once before turning back towards the trio.

“You know Allen was a writer before he came here.” The bar owner informed them. Sokratis raised an eyebrow. 

“You don’t say? What did you write about? I must admit I’m not very caught up on the schools of thought from your time.” 

“Well uhm.” Allen coughed, embarrassed. “It wasn’t anything like that really. They weren’t anything special. Just...stories. Fantasy, science fiction...that sort of thing.”

“Stories.” Abraham nodded approvingly. “In my experience, stories can be the best kind of writing. In my time I frequented the theatre. Sometimes, those hours of loosing myself in the story was all that got me through the day.”

“I did some writing myself during my life.” Sokratis paused, coughing in embarrassment, “Well...my students did the actual writing, but I like to think I guided the hands that sketched the letters.”

“He couldn’t even spell his own name.” Leonardo ribbed him as Thales disappeared once again. Sokratis glared at him.

“Such things weren’t as common as they were in your time Leo. In fact if it weren’t for me-“

“Yes yes,” Leonardo cut him off, rolling his eyes. “My work stands on the shoulders of your greatness. We all know it. I’m just saying even Abe here taught himself to write. In a log cabin, in the middle of the forest, on a shovel!”

“To be fair, we had a lot of shovels.” Abraham said with a shrug. 

“And I had a lot of Hemlock.” Sokratis replied with a nod. “Still, I’m not ashamed of the life I lived, even if I wish I could have done things different.” He took a long puff on his cigars.  “*The limitations and regrets of our past should hold no sway over the ambitions of our future.*”

“That’s good. You should write that down.” Leo said pointedly. Sokratis narrowed his eyes at him.

“I did. It’s in my new book. I gave you a copy weeks ago.” The older man said. 

“Ehhhh....”

“You still haven’t read it have you?”

“I haven’t gotten around to it.” Leo admitted. Sokratis huffed and turned on Allen.

“What about you Allen?” He asked “What’ve you been writing since you died?”

“Well I...” Allen blinked, suddenly remembering he was supposed to be part of the conversation and not just an observer. What had he been writing? He hadn’t written anything. What would be the point of that? He was dead. 

“I...haven’t” He answered lamely. Sokratis smiled, a sparkle in his eye.

“Then if you do not write, then what do you do?” 

Allen struggled to come up with an answer. In fact, he hadn’t been doing much of anything really. Wandering, talking, drinking. Just *being* really. 

“Ha!” Leonardo bellowed, good natured but still accusatory, “The boy’s gotten caught up in the dream of the place. Bet you he doesn’t even know how long he’s been here.”

“Well, do you?” Allen shot back, feeling the need to defend himself. Leonardo smiled a self satisfied smirk.

“Five hundred and thirteen years, seven months and twenty-four days.” He said, stroking his mustache, “But don’t feel too bad. Of the three of us, I’m the only one who’s managed to keep track.”

“Forgive me. I lost track somewhere in the two thousands.” Socrates muttered, taking a puff of his cigar, before looking back towards Allen. “Why did you choose to be a writer during your time on earth?”

“I guess it started out as a hobby.” Allen answered truthfully. It had been so long since he’d thought about it. “It was something I was good at. I liked it.”