Cyrhwnaeadd Cechynaes

35 Chathbraeth, 14066

English 104

We all should have seen it coming, really, when “CYFARCHION, POBL O’R DDAEAR” came blasting out of the sky. Within minutes, the Grand Flagship of the Outsiders, a black, oblong mass so large that it seemed to swallow the sky, had touched down a few miles outside of Swansea and sent out another message, it’s ringing tones reverberating from every speaker or loud it within a thousand mile: “CHI S’YN GALLU EIN DEALL NI, YN DOD. RHODD WYCH YE I CHI.” “You who can understand us,” it said, “come near. A great gift is to be yours.” 

Come they did, few as they may have been. Sheep herders whose flocks were left without a second thought, linguists who didn’t so much as bother to cap their pens or close their books, loving grandchildren who struggled to keep up with the pace of the message but came all the same. But above all came the old and the faithful, there in the deep country; those who had never seen an iPhone and who had never even heard of a Brexit. The weight of the years weighed heavy on many, who came staggering out of their cottages and fixed their gazes skyward. The sight of the flagship left their metropolitan grandchildren breathless and afraid, but they felt neither surprise, nor fear. They had known that their day would come. And so they gathered, modern cars side by side with horse-and-buggies, all converging on the same place. They numbered fully thousands all together, and a rush of *ch* noises could be heard as each voiced his own theory of the ship, awaiting the next coming of the great voice. 

It was not the voice that startled them out of their consideration, however, but an opening, as the great ship slowly cracked and white light spilled across their awed faces. The outsiders (who, so as not to break their feeble, three-dimensional, primate minds, had taken on human form) emerged, and presented the great wonders of their kind to those whom they believed represented all of humanity. The English tongue lacks names for much of what they had to offer, but they can be described, if only in crude terms: pills that would cure the great scourges of humanity — infirmities like cancer, HIV, and malaria — as easily as if one had taken Advil for a headache. “Weapons” that won wars not by killing the enemy, but by killing their will to fight. Code for a benevolent, sentient AI, and the hyperquantum computers that could handle all 27 digits of its “binary” code. But their greatest gift, they claimed, was a universal thought-to-thought translator that would eliminate the barrier between human souls, whose very existence the Outsiders would have considered a cruel and unusual punishment, were it imposed on them.

All of these marvels, and many more, were left to the Welsh, and the Outsiders disappeared into the sky with a flash, never to be heard from again. The first thing the Welsh did was destroy the translators, for they had another future in mind. Its language was not to be thought, but Welsh, and so a great declaration was prepared. In brief summary, it read that if the people of Earth were to receive the blessings of the stars, they were all to learn Welsh. Then would the world be united into a Welsh union, spanning not only the Earth but the planets and stars beyond. It’s foremost goal would be the promotion of peace and harmony, with one exception: England, and all the non-Welsh-speaking people in it, would be utterly vaporized. 

For years, Wales had been threatened by linguistic and cultural imperialism, in addition to plain old-fashioned imperialism. Tired of being the afterthought of the UK, their name confused with a group of large cetaceans, they would gladly accept their new position with magnanimity, given that they were able to make a single, mythically petty action. 

And so it was that the Ymerodraeth y Ddaear a Sêr Cyfagos rose to its new station, leading mankind into ten thousand years of prosperity and burying England beneath the sands of time. 


P.S.: Even after all this, there are still those among us who like to occupy ourselves in studying the ancient tongues. At this point my Old High English is almost perfect, which is why I deserve an A on the historical essay assignment.