I yawned. 

Another white snowed holiday of dissapointed wishes and stressful family visits. At least the food was good. I looked forward to (hehe) *chillin* today, watch some tv, help my wife clean up a bit. First things first. I need the mail. It didn't occur to me that because of the holiday the mail didn't come, but I felt compelled to get it. I opened the door, and the only thing there was a small red-stained note that looked like that old papyrus stuff in museums. On it was a red wax seal. Wrapped inside it was a normal letter, with childish scrawling on it. I recognized our return address on it. 

There was a loud, bizarre neighing. Like a diseased monkey chortling. 

Then I saw it. 

It looked like a pony. A nice pony. Little Sebastian brand pony. But... It had a long, spiked tail. 
And two red goat horns. 
And saber-toothed cat fangs. 
And crimson bat wings. 

A forked tongue writhed out and slithered back into the creature. 

I blinked. I sipped my coffee. I picked up the notes as closed the door. 

I reopened the door. It was still there. 

I opened the note. 
It was written with beautiful yet harsh penmanship. The letters were iridescent, transitioning from black to gold. Each letter had a spear tip decal somewhere on it. It read; 
"Hello Carol,
Thank you for your letter. We don't get letters here often, beyond wanted posters, which I regret I had to write on for this note. To make it special, I used one of our most famous posters."

I looked at the back. There was a photo of a infamous face and a title which read "WANTED Charles Manson" I kept reading. 

"To thank you for your letter, here is what you requested. A lovely pony named Princess. It took quite a lot to make something so cute, but I am happy with the result. She will be with you wherever you go Carol. Say 'Baal' and she will vanish into flame. Repeat the word to summon her back. Enjoy and please write again soon!
Sin-cerely,
Satan"

I looked at the letter. I looked at my daughters letter wrapped in it. "Satan Claws. North Pole."

We'd have to work on her spelling. 

I stood in disbelief for a moment. It suddenly made sense why the jolly elf wore red all the time. 'Princess' had walked up to me, evidently recognizing me as some member of her new owners family. Or at least I thought she was. Coulda been eyeing to eat my soul for all I know. 
"Dear lord..." I sighed. 
Princess shrieked in disgust. 
I thought for a moment. 
I went back inside and called up the stairs. "Carol! Come down here! There's a late present here for you!"
Carol groggily came to the stairs but when she realized what I said she giddily came galloping down. I went to the table and sat down. Amidst the happy shouts of Carol and confused screams of my wife I wrote a simple note:

"Satan, 
Thank you for returning my daughters letter. If I may be so bold, attached is a list of people I kindly ask you to take care of as only you can after they pass..."