Ash, and smoke, and fire, and darkness... nothing more was left from Lixiss' home. Her tears were dry on her sore cheeks, her eyes red. Her delicate dress was torn to shreds, the fabric now gray and black, and now she only had the rough dwarvish fabric to cover her.

She quitted what was left of her birthplace, a group of singed ruins were once stood the great city of Sarro, and wandered about the countryside for what seemed like ages, but were only three days.

Exhausted by thirst, hunger and pain, the elf child crumbled on a patch of  grass, and it was only luck and the mercy of the gods what allowed the company of dwarves to find her.

From her trembling lips, and through her tears, they heard the tale they were already very familiar with.

The blasphemous name of the dragon, Geildraer, was uttered in horrified and hateful whispers.

Since then, the company of dwarves headed south, following the trail of destruction and pain brought by the menace from the sky, and more and more survivors from all races joined the caravan, until there was thousands of homeless souls wandering through the land: dwarves, elves, and even goblins, all forgot their mutual hate, and traveled hopeless, into the country of men, the most dreadful of races.

Lixiss shuddered at the mention of the barbarians, until those moments more or less a legend, a boogieman to scare naughty elvish children: “The humans will come and take you! They will come and steal you in their flying machines and take you forever to their land!”

Dwarves and elves talked disgusted and fearful about being too close to their concealed cities; all kind of strange tales were shared among all women of all races, and even the goblins, who fared well among filth and darkness, whimpered uncomfortable with the vicinity of that country.

“Better dead than wish for the aid of men!” She heard a veteran elvish soldier saying.

They would soon prove how well they kept their word.

The city of Fenrel was the furthest outpost on the human-elvish frontier. It was a haven for weary travelers, and its high tower was a beautiful sword pointed to the very heart of the human nation. “Beware, barbarians!” seemed to say the marble guardians at its doors. It had to be the caravan's final destination. Hope.

But from the hill top they saw their hope burning, engulfed in heavy smoke and flames brighter than the setting sun.

A hellish cry came from above, and the flap like thunder from leathery, dark wings. Full of despair they saw the dark figure of Geildraer soaring in circles around his doing, chasing the fleeing legions of elvish soldiers with draconian curses and a terrible laugh.

Very few, saddened and frightened as they were, saw the tiny little star that seemed to come from the forest behind the caravan, followed by a trail of smoke, before it disappeared in thin air, like magic from a master wizard from the elves.

Lixiss was the one of the few, and the first one who saw, pointing and shouting, the rows of men that came out from the tree line into the open, almost as if they were about to charge the fleeing soldiers from Fenrel.

The defeated elves seemed to think so too, and stopped, flabbergasted, suddenly aware that they were trapped between a dragon and the army of men.

But the humans didn't harm the elves. Instead, they pointed their weapons, assault rifles they called them, at the flying beast, and a barking stream of white hot metal hit the dragon, whom received the attack with more laughter and curses in his hateful language.

It turned to the men then, giving the elves precious moments to retreat. The forest from where the humans had appeared soon exploded in flames, and Lixiss and the rest of the caravan heard the cries of the men, but they didn't seem to be those of agony: they were orders, given coldly and precisely, for men were the only race whose entire culture was built on war.

Geildraer landed, lifting ash and smoke and debris. Later historians would tell that maybe that was its undoing, for it allowed men to fight in their own terms.
A voice rose from the forest in flames, like that of a god, followed by the chords of what could only be a lyre played by a demon: it was the human anthem.

“Murder I am, you know it was me

I was the one, that you didn't see

I was the cut, down to your bone

I put you there under that stone”

The trees cracked and fell, and from the smoke it came: a giant figure, clad in iron, or better said, made entirely of metal, beams of white, cold light coming from its shoulders. Lixxis gawked, shivering at the mere size of the thing, for even at that distance she could see the shark face painted on the chest of the giant, protruding forward like the prow of a ship.

“Centuries pass, dust in the wind

I shall remain, shining in sin

The metal I am, the iron you feel

The song of the dead, the chorus of steel”

A dreadful cry filled the air, as the giant sword extended from the colossus forearm, and then it ran head first towards the dragon, its steps making the earth quake.

That day, the fear Lixxis felt for the humans became respect, and all the long days of her life she would remember that day of fire and blood, and the chords from that savage anthem playing over the screams of the dying dragon.

“I, I am the blade, I break the oath that you made

I, I am the mace, I am the blow in the face

I, I am the ax, to cut down heroes like rats

I, I am the sword, I do the work of the Lord”
