Excerpt from 'An Illustrated Taxonomy of Supernatural, Otherworldly, and Strange Beings", fourth edition, compiled by Dr. J. Way. Excerpt taken from chapter "Gods and Beings of Myth and Legend".

**God** *(Deus Deus)*

*(Original name, but misleading; one of many such beings. ed. note.)* 

Domain: Alia 

Kingdom: Forma 

Phylum: Super 

Class: Maxima 

Order: Summa 

Family: Cultus 

Genus: Deus 

Species: Deus 

Taxonomy and description by Prof. Solomon L. De Wit-Rademaker.

It has long been known - or stipulated - that God is a singular being who is in fact three separate beings; a Trinity. The study of the nature of such a being - three, yet one - has possessed many scholars, producing many varied and contradictory descriptions through the ages.

This current understanding, put forth by Dr. Fish, describes God as "three smaller gods in a trenchcoat". This is a crude, but accurate description. God is a cluster of three beings, wrapped in a veil of sorts - Dr. Fish's "trenchcoat" - which makes it at the same time one and three beings.

The "lesser" gods - to call them such is misleading, for they are each immensely powerful - have no internal hierarchy, but are all needed for God, as a being, to operate. They are: Past *(Deus Praeterita)*, Present *(Deus Nunc)*, and Future *(Deus Futurum)*. They are each responsible for their segment of the Great Timeline (see Chapter I, "Concepts and Glossary") and are non-overlapping; they can influence each other, but cannot control what the others may do. 

Future manages predicitions, forecasts, and the outline of events to come. No common being can comprehend the future, as they may see it, without Future's involvement. 

Present is the one who executes Future's plans, if it so pleases. Present manages probability, maintaining a balance of which plans come to fruition. Future may lay out clear threads of events, but Present may tangle, cut, or knot them. No action cam take place without Present's involvement. 

Past is often thought of as the least of the three, for it does not govern what will or is happening. Past manages memory, recollection, learning, and times gone by, in general. Past is to record the events Present executes, but may choose to do otherwise. Common beings rely on what they have experienced to plan ahead, so Past can influence Future by causing forgetfullness, corrupting memories, or inducing false experiences - common beings often call these "Dreams".

Naturally, this is but one of many theories of the Trinity, but it is the currently most prolific. Until someone can *reliably* contact God, all we can do is guess and theorize. 

[EDIT: Formatting]