The Bloody Mary Games are, well, controversial.
	
They’re kinda like the Olympics, but everyone outruns Bloody Mary in a different way. Me? Well, I was a race car driver, so when these competitions popped up, I was *in.* This year’s games are two weeks away, so I’m training. No fancy racetrack though, no crew making sure I’m doing everything right. Just an empty parking lot in a sleepy town. I do this twice a week and each time it makes me feel more and more alive.
	
She *hates* me. I can tell. Whenever she appears, she’s gritting her teeth and clenching her fists—it’s because I’ve won six gold medals and she’s never even come close to catching me. That anger, it fuels her. People say this is cruel, say that even though she’s a murderous ghosts she should have rights. I don’t think they’d agree if they saw the way she looks at me.
	
The car I’m in’s a hunk of junk, which I love. Why would I train in what I’m going to drive in? That’s too easy. No, I gotta make sure I can outrun her in even the slowest cars. Beating everyone else? That’s easy. Six years I’ve won, six years I’ve entered the race and been the only survivor.
	
“Bloody Mary,” I mumble, peering into my rear-view mirror. “Bloody Mary.”
	
There’s a small flash of light, just a red flicker. She’s about to appear. I bet she’s standing on the other side, burning in the crisp fires of Hell or something, and eagerly waiting. I can’t help but smirk.
	
“*Bloody Mary!*”
	
She appears, soaked in blood and screeching. She must’ve just finished killing some other poor sap. Immediately I gun it, slamming my foot on the car and laughing as I take off. She frantically runs away me, waving her arms, as I chuckle like a madman. To see something so feared and powerful act so…pitiful. It’s almost hilarious.
	
I speed out of the parking lot as she stops, glaring at me. I’m gonna win the games this year, I know it—I just wish she would *almost* catch me sometime. That would make this much more exciting.
***
If you like this story, check out my sub /r/LonghandWriter or my twitter [@BryceBealWriter](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)