Finally. The day has arrived. Cryosleep, a fast forward to the future. You’re the very first living time capsule, a relic saved for the future. You welcome this chance. The cold creeps over you, and you prepare yourself for the restful darkness.
You wait.
And you wait.
Aaaaand any time now.
Come on. What’s taking so long?
Just.... boom! Lights out!
Aaaaaaand now.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand NOW!
Now?
Nope. Still awake.
Really? Did they not turn the machine on or something? No, it’s working. You can’t move an inch, not your toes or fingers, not one muscle in your arms or legs, your eyelids frozen shut, and likely, even the water in the eyes itself....
.....
You now realize this is profoundly creepy. You can’t move. You can’t breathe. You can’t feel your heartbeat. Dead cold runs across your skin in fizzing waves, neons colors spinning on the back of your eyelids as the vertigo sets in. It’s dark, and you’re trapped, stiff as the dead.
You spend a long time panicking, intense waves of claustrophobia and fears of death putting your brain through the ringer.
You eventually calm down. You’re still not dead. You’re still just frozen.
A second wave of fear sets in as you realize your brain, frozen or no, is still firing away. Where are you going to get the calories to feed that hungry brain? Not like your blood is pumping. Not like you’re eating anything for that blood to carry. It’s a very fleeting fear. You realize, maybe when your brain burns itself out, *then* you’ll finally fall into that damn cold sleep. You’re not really worried about the brain damage. Nerve repair is part of the thawing package, after all. They’ll fix you right up, good as new. There is a philosophical quandary attached; is that new brain repaired you still you? Would you notice? Or even care?
You realize, you sure don’t care now. Because this is the worst ‘sleep’ you’ve ever had.
Silence sets into your brain.
Ooh, is this it? Are you falling asleep now?
Wait, no dammit. No thinking. That’s probably what’s keeping you awake.
Thiiiink nooooothing....
Zzz
......
Still awake.
..............
This sucks.
You start counting sheep. You get to 62 before you realize this sucks again.
Bored. You start thinking about your favorite movie. This character, that character, the meaning of the plot and the direction the cinematography took.
Bored, you begin to zone out. 
You begin to dream.
It’s clear as day, in vault of your mind. You watch your favorite film on the back of your eyelids, reviewing the details scene by scene. It moves at your pace, and focuses on what you like. You watch carefully the faces of every actor, hear their lines clearly enunciated. You skip the boring bits and review your favorite moments in glorious detail. The climax plays out in a hyper realism, better than you ever saw in real life, every detail exaggerated as your mind focused on them. You can see the grainy texture of the mortar between bricks, examine the sweat glands individually on the hero’s face, smell the mix of concrete dust and gun smoke grow thick in your lungs...
Wait.
It all snaps away. Reality sets in. You’re still frozen. There’s nothing but darkness and stillness around you. The hero’s one liner still echoes in your ears, slowly reduced to mumbling.
Aw hell, go back! Why’d you stop?
It takes a while, but eventually you sink in again. And awake again. And sink in again... You realize, finally, that when the mind has nothing external to focus on, the internal lights up like Time Square at Christmas.
And unlike real sleep, *you* are in control.
So you dream. A thousand, a hundred thousand impossible things. Your start was so pedestrian, just watching a film. You now *live* in the films. You’re the hero, you’re the villain, you’re the onlooker, you’re the god. You craft new insane endings and mash together absurd crossovers. You visit strange and bizarre places and taste alien foods. You feel blazing magic and electric science crackle down your veins. You meet the most beautiful beings warped into sensuous and sexual positions and... well actually, those dreams kindve suck. They just remind you of your real, dead, frozen genitals. You soon avoid those thoughts and dive into the wonderful breadth and length of the human imagination, endless fantasy from the mundane to the fantastic, yours to behold.
A light cuts through all of it. You’re dragged into a fleshy, heavy lump of a body. Blurry undefined humans smile at you in a place lacking color and substance. Your fingers twitch, trying to replace the dream. But you already know the truth. Your five hundred years are up. Reality has decided to pull you back in for a purpose you no longer remember.
You close your eyes and groan.
“Just five more minutes....”