Lesson No. 1  


"Even when your body withers and fades, do not let the fire inside you fade", the old man murmured to himself. These were the words which he had spoken to so many that he had taught, but no other student knew more than the master himself. None had ever beaten him, nor had they even struck him. He was approaching the peak in which he had planned to meet. He knew death was coming for him and he wanted to meet it on his own terms. On the peak of a mountain, where no flank is available, he would await.   


Lesson No. 2

&#x200B;

"When you are conscious, you hone your muscles. When you are asleep, you hone your mind". He was here now, reminding himself of all he knew. His dreams of the future and the past, practice and meditation, understanding of all things, they would guide him now. Looking around, he could feel what others could not. The power and magic of the world, the lifeblood of Gaia, he felt it move around him. Life and death, yin and yang, the complimenting forces of all things surrounded him, as they surround us all. He sat, crossed his legs and removed the blade from his back. He gently placed it infront of him, blade facing outward, hilt on his lap. He was ready for death. But death... was not ready for him.  


Lesson No. 3  


"There is a lesson in all things. Never stop learning." His breath became cold. The freezing numbness in his fingers, still wrapped around his blade, began to vanish. The sting of the cold wind slashing the skin on his face began to disappear. He did not need thoughts to understand that this was it. He could feel the blood in his legs slow and his heart begin to fade, like an exhausted worker finally meeting his bed for the first time. But he had one last lesson to give.  


Before even a moment passed, his inhuman reflexes spun him to his side. The mastery of Kendo had kicked him upon his feet in an instant, blade above his head, to meet steel. A massive scythe hung above his head, but he had parried it with his own. His greying eyes meeting with a massive cloaked being behind it. He felt the weight of the scythe lift off his sword as the being moved back, however making no sounds in the snow. He took his stance, realising too that his steps made no sound either. For what seemed like an eternity, he stood, eyes unmoving from what was in front of him. A huge black cloaked figure, at least 9 foot in size, stood opposite him. He heard no sound from it, not a heartbeat, not a breath. Slowly, it raised it's free hand to remove it's black hood. Beneath it shun a face more beautiful than a starry night. It's eyes were pure white and gleamed slightly. It wore a smile that made the warrior fill with a euphoric joy.  


"I guess you are correct, warrior. You do deserve to know who death is." The warrior understood in this moment that the creature he was seeing could read his thoughts.  


"My name is Kisin, my dear. I understand you have more that you wish to learn. You wish to have the universe at your disposal, but that is not how this all works, not for a mortal. However, you just parried death. I was naive in thinking that it would not be possible. You are an enigma, warrior, but I will force death upon you."  


With that final word, Kirin lunged forward, moving his scythe in a way that would break the wrists of any human. The warrior blocked once more, learning that the forces of life and death surrounding them moved as death itself did. He used this lesson to block again, and again, and again. focusing his mind on all that surrounded him, he continued to deny death of it's duty. The flurry of attacks stopped.  


Kirin looked at him, almost shocked. "Speak to me in the human tongue, why do you resist?"  


The warrior spoke quietly and deliberately, "You tell me that the knowledge of the universe is unobtainable by mortals, but the student knows better than to speak in absolutes."   


With that, the warrior sprung at the God, moving his body and the powers that surround them to converse on Kirin, dazing him. How could a mortal not only have understanding of such power, but also have mastery over it? The warrior moved inhumanly fast around the being, allowing it barely enough movement to wriggle it's large scythe. He attempted a single movement out of anger, but little did he knew it would be his last.  


"ENOU-" He swung his scythe, carving through the energies surrounding them, but the warrior had anticipated such a movement. In a single moment his scythe fell from his hand and into the hand of the mortal. Immediately it began to shift from a scythe into a blade. Kirin looked at the mortal, stunned, as the warrior took a step toward him and aimed both blades directly at the God's neck.   


"The mistake you made, God of death, was thinking that there was nothing left to learn."