I had seen many of my friends do it, color their hair. I too liked the look. It had a certain flair to it. So I went for it too. I went to my local grocery store, and browsed the brands available. A lot of them I'd seen before, on previous shopping trips. 

However, one stuck out to me. 

Literally, it was a single box that looked kinda different from all the others it was next to. The branding was this weird company I'd never heard of, called Anirl, and the box was a shade of pink, with a model running her hands down her pink hair. I was curious, so I bought it. I didn't check the rest of the box, which I felt was a strange decision, as I normally check out the whole package of anything I buy. 

But I brushed it off, and chalked it up to overwhelming curiosity.  

Once I got home, I took the box to the bathroom with me, and then scanned the whole thing. The sides had more pictures of the same model, the bottom had nothing except for legal specifications etched into the cardboard, and the back had some company and product details. I opened the box, and set up the dye. I quickly dyed my hair, and as per the instructions, waited a few moments for it to set in. 

While I was waiting, I decided to give the package another look. In tiny text, below the description, a line said "Disclaimer, may cause Main Character Syndrome". 

Main Character Syndrome? What in the world is that? 

Just as I was about to do a search for it, I got a text from a girl I was friends with. She inquired, "Wanna hang out sometime?" This was rather curious to me, as this was the first time any girl had texted me, and it was to ask me if I wanted to hang out. I found it rather odd, but I replied with a "sure". 

Continuing with my internet search, I found this thread which was based off a prompt about pink hair, but it didn't have much helpful information. So again, I brushed it off, thinking it was some advertising scheme. 

For a few hours, nothing strange happened. Then I decided to go to a local GameStop. Once I got there, I recognized the store, but the sign announcing it's presence was... Displayed as GamePlace.

 What. 

I ignored the change, and went inside. The cashiers were two really pretty girls, and the one other shopper in there was too. I browsed around to find the thing I was looking for, but then the shopper bumped into me, dropping what she was carrying. "S-sorry! I didn't meant to..." She was blushing rather badly, odd for such a small accident, but I guess it was just really embarrassing for her. I helped her pick up everything, and when she went to leave, she slipped by me, gently forcing something into my pocket. 

While I was paying for a game I picked up, the two cashiers briefly stared at me. I found this really pleasant, but also quite odd. I focused intensely on what the cashier was doing, and noticed she'd penned in a phone number on the receipt. While she was giving the bag to me, she gave me a wink while saying the standard 'have a nice day' line. The other cashier glared at her with what seemed to be jealousy. 

Once I got back in my car, I pulled a paper out of my pocket, and the receipt out of my bag. I started pondering, but then remembered the 'Main Character Syndrome' warning on the box. I couldn't help but laugh a little. What is this stuff? My teenage self couldn't help but have a sudden burst of ideas to take advantage of my situation. I tried to push those thoughts away, but I lost. 

I went into the store again, this time with a different purpose in mind. I asked the name of the girl who checked me out, and when I saw the other girl staring daggers at the two of us, I smiled, and asked her for her number too. The first cashier blushed, and went into the back room to organize some stuff. The second seemed really eager, and upon asking, she took my phone and put her details in, telling me to call her when I got back home. 

I left with her giving me kiss on the cheek. 

Once I got home, I fell on my bed. I pondered for a moment. Should I stick with what I know, and wash the dye off? Or should I take advantage of my situation, apparently being the main character in some real life harem anime? This is too strange.