The Reaper was ticking his checklist off, checking the Book of Names for who was dying next, tying his shoes, polishing his scythe, etc. Once he was ready to gather the souls that had died that day, he stepped off the floating platform of the Undeath and began free fall into the infinite darkness. As fast as the fall had started, he had already appeared on Earth. He walked until he reached where his first payload of the night.

In a bit of 40 hours, the Reaper had reaped them all for that block of time. Upon reaching the Undeath again, he headed to the Book of Names. Silence was bliss throughout the Undeath usually with not even the scuffle of feet or the sound of the wind. But as he was looking at the names of the soon-to-be deceased, he heard something.

It was tiny, barely a whisper but the Reaper heard it. He flew over in an instant to find the source of the noise and couldn't find it. Then the sound was there again; a cough. The Reaper sped throughout the Undeath and then found it. It was a small human wearing white robes. The Reaper looked at it confused.

"What are you doing here?" the Reaper spoke.

The human looked up at the Reaper unfazed. "Oh, you forgot me so I came up here myself."

The Reaper looked confused. "I do not forget names."

The human shrugged, nonchalantly. "We all forget eventually. Are you like, what, the Grim Reaper?"

The Reaper realised that he was floating and so lowered himself down to the ground to become eye level with the human. "Yes. Who are you?"

"Mort." the Human said. "So, uh, what now?"

"Do you... Mort... Do you want to go to the afterlife?"

Mort looked off at the infinite darkness of the edge of the Undeath. "Well, what happens?"

"Nothing, forever. You're just kind of there."

"Oh, is there an alternative?" Mort said, fiddling with the white robes he clearly didn't remember wearing.

"Would you like to stay here, Mort?"

Mort walked to the edge of the Undeath and sighed. "Is... is there anything down there?"

The Reaper followed along, his skeletal footsteps being left behind in the dark, ashy sand. Eventually the Reaper spoke again. "We are in the Undeath. No human has ever come here before. I can leave this place, but I don't know about you. If I don't reap your soul then..."

Mort looked at the Reaper. "What?"

"You have a timer, if I don't reap you soon, you won't be able to go to the Afterlife. I can't guarantee you'll be able to leave the Undeath if you don't leave now." They both looked off into the darkness and after a few seconds the Reaper spoke again, "Please, stay with me. I've been so lonely."

Mort looked at the Reaper and smiled, "I can't stay here forever."

The Reaper was sad and looked off into the distance solemnly. "I understand." He unclipped the scythe from his back and raised it up. As he went to lower it down, Mort flickered a smile then leapt backwards into the eternal darkness surrounding the Undeath.

The Reaper looked shocked before peering over the edge to see Mort fly back up, the white robes shaking in by some force.

"Do not forget a soul every again, Reaper." Mort said as a bright blue light cracked open behind him, illuminating the entire Undeath.

His robes also shaking, the Reaper put an arm in front of him to block out the light. "What are you?" He asked.

"All." Mort replied. "I'm Mort Al."

Mort disappeared into the blue light, maybe the Afterlife, maybe something else entirely. The Reaper looked up, sad. Now that he knew he could bring people into the Undeath...