Newman Freaking Highzendisc, the main character in our high-school tale of discovery and mystical development, stood at the front of class giving a surprisingly unoriginal speech about the use of frogs tongue in velocity potions. At the end, he gave an elligent bow and everyone stood to clap. They actually gave him a standing applause... And in return he shot us his famed panty-dropping grin. Ugh. These people were acting like he was the first wizard to even think about using frogs tongue in such an application. Psh. I could have given that same speech if J.T Loomis would have thought to give me a chance. 

Instead, I sat in the back of class, my pink curly locks pulled back into a bun to hide the grease. Nobody would know this though, because our beloved author wouldn't bother to mention it. I'd been up for seventy-two hours preparing my speech and a demonstration. I didn't have time for higene. I was up next after Newman, this was my chance to show these clowns what real genius was.

My topic of choice was the affect of ginger root juiced and infused with cuagulated dragon fly matter. I even prepared a demonstration. Thanks to Newman, I never got the chance to present it. The bell tolled for class to end while everyone was still applauding his overrated ass. Mrs. Zenith told everyone who didn't get the chance to present that they could turn in their papers. Ya know, because I didn't just bust my ass working on this project? 

Then to make matters better J.T. Loomis spent thirty seven goddamn pages talking about Newman's boring-ass-wholesome childhood! The dude was practically raised by angles. Who cares? Loomis has a whole notebook full of my homelife and all he uses it for is a comparison factor. I'm obviously more interesting because of my tragic upbringing - mommy dearest used a heat potion to cook daddy alive because he tried to take me from her. Then she dragged me all over the globe so I could help her scam old guys out of their money. Not saying this didn't affect me. It absolutely did. But having to listen to Loomis and his peanut gallery dote on fucking Newman Highzendisc really is just rubbing salt in the wound. 

Thats why I set up this ritual in the middle of campus square. When people ask what's wrong with Newman, he'll have no choice in his puppet state but to lead them to the source. Even my creator, J.T. Loomis won't be able to ignore my ability when he sees what I was able to do with his beloved Newman. I didn't even need a piece of his DNA! Haha! They'll all wonder how I did it! But as the cliche goes, a magician never reveals his secrets.

*First submission to a writing prompt. Didn't spend as much time on it as I wanted but any constructive criticism is always welcome, thanks for the read and the fun promp!*