Six months back, when I saw the news about my disappearance on TV, I had let out a chuckle. That's what I wanted, didn't I? To disappear from this world, and find some time of my own. That accident from which I came out unscratched from the insides of a crashed SUV, provided me just that. I was in Barcelona, and in love with that city. It was the first time I was traveling to find inspiration. Something I had to do since it had been five years since I came out with my last novel. It was a bestseller. But the magic waned off after that. 

In my chateau, when I saw that news I felt wonderful. I needed some time off from the fans and journalists harrowing me about my next book. I closed myself in my room, stopped all connection from the outer world. Ate and slept in my room. Never went out. And then after two weeks of total hide-out, finally found my streak back. After that, I wrote and wrote and wrote. For two months, I stayed inside the chateau. Never went out except in disguise, ordered food only online through a local ordering portal. Snapped away all means of communication. And it worked. In three months, I was ready with my novel! 

I rewired my house phone (I didn't remember where I'd kept my phone) and called my agent. He picked at once, but it seemed here was some issue with the connection. While I heard him loud and clear, he couldn't listen to me at all. I went into the basement and drove out my BMW. In half an hour I was at his door. 

He opened the door and looked at me. I should say rather that he looked through me! For after only a few seconds he closed the door on me. I rang the doorbell again, and he opened the door again. But again he ignored me and closed the door on me. I would have kept on cursing him if I hadn't been walking absent mindedly on the road stumble upon a boy who was skating on the road. 

And then the look of horror on his face betrayed the funny thing that had happened to me. I had really disappeared. The boy left his skateboard and ran with his eyes wide and the color drained off his face. That day after a few more stumbling like this, it got confirmed. I had become invisible. 

Six months post that accident, with a book ready to publish, and my inability to talk to someone, I decided to take my own life. I was already dead. My body is gone, only an essence was left here. And it's hearsay to continue like this. In this form. Only a devil can do that, to remove my essence, soul from my body. I don't deserve to live. 

Standing on the edge of the bridge, among the hundreds of the passerby, it felt odd jumping off to take my life. But that's my curse. I had to die to free myself from this utterly useless form.

So you can understand the surprise and spring in my steps when I heard someone speaking ... to me. 

'So you too are like me!' 

It was a girl's voice. And I almost fell down hearing that voice. But I found my balance, turned around and found a woman in her mid-twenties smiling at me. 

'you can really see me!' I asked in utter surprise.

Yes, I can,' she smiled jubilantly. 

I jumped on the safer side of the bridge, stumbled, ran towards her, and hugged her that felt like an eternity. There were tears in my eyes. 'There there,' she said caressing my back. 'I know how it feels,' she continued saying, 'A year back I was there. And see, now I'm good.'

I lifted my head from her shoulder and looked at her in surprise. 'So now you are normal?' I asked. She smiled and nodded her head. 'No, no. If you mean that invisible stuff. No, I'm still not visible. But we are not alone. there are many like us. We are, for the lack of better word, special. So it's a progress, isn't it? Finding that we are not alone.'

A brief moment of hope that had surfaced within me ebbed away. But I knew she was right, at least I was not alone. 

This realization eased my pain a bit. But what is our purpose then? Wiping my tears off my face, I asked, 'So how does it help? We are still invisible. Work of devil. We better die.'

'No, no,' she said loudly this time. 'There is someone who can help us. I know his place. But I can not go alone there. So maybe we both can go.'

'Why not!' I shouted. 'Let's go then.'

We slipped into the car and ran off the bridge. She gave me slip bearing an address. Must be an hour away, I estimated. 

During the journey, Rhea, that girl, told me about her life. She was a medical student and then one day she woke up in her dormitory to find that she had turned invisible. So it's not just an accident that could make one invisible, I reasoned. Maybe it's some kind of mutation, an illness. Whatever, I needed to go back to the normal life. I made a mental note of giving up on all the bad habits, helping my friends, seeing my parents more often. 

The navigator announced we have reached the destination. I looked out to find a duplex standing conspicuously in-between two big buildings. "Yes, it's the place" Rhea announced. "It seemed rather an odd one," I muttered to myself. But how does it matter until my works get done?

We both walked into the house. The house had a musty smell. like that old house of my grandmother which always felt waterlogged, and covered with dust. 'Anybody home,' I asked loudly. Only a sound of birds fluttering returned in the response. As it was dark, I felt the floor cautiously and stepped forward. 

It was then I felt a sharp blow on my back. I stumbled forward two steps, and suddenly I was airborne. "What the..' I managed to say before I realised I was falling down and down in what seems like a well. After a few moments, I landed with a thud. I sat up at once and looked above. Only the opening of the wall appeared, its color the color of the waxing moon. Then came the sound of a laughter.  A girl's laughter. It was Rhea. 

'Sorry my friend,' her voice boomed above me, 'but one sun has to go down for other to come up. Now let me tell you if you can ever get out from here, which is unlikely considering that the opening will not last long, find someone like us, and send them here if you want to be normal again. It's a curse which has only one solution. Take this.'

I saw a dark object coming down. It was a torch, followed by a book. 

'Read this,' she said. 'it will tell you. 'My diary of the last one year.' And then her voice stopped. 

'Please please..' I shouted. But she had left. 

I felt angry at her for doing this to me. Now knowing that I could be cured my desired to die was replaced by an acute desire to live. 

I opened her diary and started reading the page. What I read took my breath away... 

"It is not possible,' I whispered under my breath. 

She was a witch. 