"Why don't we let Boyce do the dishes?" she says.

Boyce brushes himself against my leg. I look at him. He meows. He probably should be checked out by the vet, since he seems to forget that I just fed him. Then again, the vet's Spanish, and I can't be bothered going out to buy another translator.

"Or maybe you could do it," I reply back in English. "Boyce isn't exactly up to doing some more of my chores."

Boyce drops onto the ground. He let's off a long meow.

I met Sady back a couple of years when I took a trip to Ireland. To me, she was a beautiful, kind person. I went to the bar where she worked every week for 3 months, until I had to come back. She came with me, and the rest is history.

Now, she's just really passive-aggressive. I think it has to do with learning her native language and destroying my iTranslator. I'm now 100% sure Apple's been feeding me wrong information. I'm surprised it was Apple doing this, not the government-issued translator. The US government has always been lying to us and altering information. Ever since that old guy came into office. Truman or Trunk or something like that.

She used to say "I love you" all the time. Now all she says is "I wish I had some digital contacts so your face is more bearable". What kind of loser has digital contacts anyway? I know a guy who's wife has digital contacts and she didn't realise how ugly he was until he had an argument with her in her native language.

I think Sady's a bit confused as to how passive-aggressive I'm being to her. It's only a matter of time before she figures out that I learned her language. Until then, Boyce is cleaning all the dishes, dusting the house, and cooking dinner, since I can't do it as well as him.

I look down at Boyce. I wink at him. He smiles and winks back. He gets up off the floor and starts giving the dishes a clean. I'm pretty sure my wife has mental implants or some human-rights-breaking shit like that to not notice our domesticated cat standing on his two hind legs and doing chores.

People back in the day were really stupid to treat cats like animals. Cats are obviously ancient gods trapped in the bodies of the really fluffy blankets my grandma used to make.