"...And if you would take note of the clause listed here, you'll notice that subsection C-5 of the  document is pertinent only if the letter of the aforementioned 'bargain' (as preveiously referred to) is pursuant to the legal codes relevant to the customs of my client. Additionally, since this may cause conflict with some of the desired outcomes considered 'inherent' with such a bargain, my client has asked to review further stipulations on the possibilities of potentially negative side affects occurring after the 'granting' period of the transaction. Furthermore..."

Skulleater, Lord of Laceration, Master of Misanthropy, The Endless Haemorrage, Carnageborne, among many other things, was tired. These continued litigation meetings were severely hampering his schedules, his stress level, and ultimately in some ways, his eternal life. Ever since the mortal had called him from beyond the Eternal Hells, he knew he would be in for something different. Where once he had been summoned in pits of blood by cultists drunk on power and mysticism, Jorge had summoned him in a quaint office, with little in the way of even a proper sacrifice. What Skulleater had assumed would have been a fortunate mistake for him, however, turned out to be the stuff of nightmares.

Two weeks into the litigation process, and Skulleater still had no idea what Jorge wanted. The mortal had immediately demanded that the two of them would have to hash out the specificities of the countract. However, when he requested both mortal and demon attorneys to be involved in the process, Skulleater's world changed forever. No longer could he frolic in seas of blood, leading armies of ravenous demons across the feeble mortal lands. His mistress, Fleshrender, began to resent his long hours in the process of finalizing and fully interpreting Jorge's ironclad contract. She was threatening to eat their spawn, having gone so far as to suggest moving back to her mother's fortress in the Pools of Boiling Blood. Meanwhile, Skulleater had missed his son's 5th gladitorial bout, and worse yet, without his demonic patriarch had begun talking to the neighbor demon, Mawcrusher. Pile that on top of the daily bills and tithes of skulls owed to the Eternal Hell's masters, and Skulleater felt like the world around him was slowly falling apart. 

"...This brings me to subsection C-6, wherein my client would like to discuss the potential of false promises and intentionally misconstrued/made up language. To properly ensure this, my client has brought a dictionary in order to..."

And just like that, Skulleater realized how truly deep he was in Hell.