Mr. Mathers walked up to the microphone and tapped it twice saying, "Is this thing on?"

A few moments later a beat played over the speakers. Mr. Mathers took a deep breath and began, 

"Well, homo sapiens are hominids like Neanderthals and Denisovians, we outcompeted them for dominance a very long time ago. Hunter-gatherers became agrarian and eventually Sumerian and the first city states became prevalent nearly ten-thousand years ago."

Fifteen seconds had passed and he took a deeper breath before saying, 

"We moved to cities and tamed the wilderness and each generation had some kids and our knowledge grew with iteration as the passage of time flowed. Priests mandated religion as a necessary fiction to teach morality to the simple man and live without doing work while the philosophers kept questioning and writing and lecturing though if you meet one today you'd think they were a jerk."

Another breath and forty-seven seconds into the presentation, Mr. Mathers increased his tempo and said, 

"City-states turned to nation-states and armies formed as kings would state that the other men of the other tribe really had to go. Macedonians tried to rule the world till their leader died for reasons unknown. There was Darius, The Zhou Dynasty, Caesar and Xerxes each tried to rule the world and died mysteriously or alone. While the common man was sent to war, he'd fight and die and live through horror and those who had the luck to live never really came back home." 

One minute and thirty seconds into his presentation, Mr. Mathers said, 

"Rome split into two empires one fell to raiders and the other had a thousand years persist throughout the world. Mongolians crossed the wastes and plundered Europe for a taste of the riches and victories that they had longed for at home. Then Europeans got organized and the Catholic Church told them a lie and suddenly the mobilized to attack their savior's home. Each side thinking they were holy it's the same old story. The peasants fought while leaders stay a thousand miles from war. They brought back Algebra and science from the so-called savages from Africa and science in The West had finally found it's home."

Two minutes and thirty seconds into his presentation, Mr. Mathers turned to the DJ and said, "Make this beat faster. Shit is about to get interesting."

The tempo of the music increased as Mr. Mathers turned the the microphone and said, 

"The Western Europeans weren't satisfied and started stealing. They conquered Africa and The Americas and the indigenous people were left to die. They sailed around the ocean and caused a huge commotion until some of them were unhappy and found a new land of their own. These Americans ruled by the king didn't want to pay for anything so they threw their tea in the sea and a rebellion turned into a war and America was born. The Americans stole land from the natives and bought Africans and on the backs of slave labor an industry was born. Then they argued over taxation and split into two nations, the southern states lost outright but still fly their rebel flag. The sudden lack of slavery forced innovation and industry though the people they had freed were not welcome in their homes." 

He paused and said, "As we approach the twentieth century in the time that's allotted to me I implore you to stay with me because we have a ways to go. 

Mr. Mathers took a deep breath. He took a sip from a bottle of water. The leaders of the world stood on the edge of the stage and shouted for him to continue. The alien delegation sat in the front of the crowd and leaned toward the edge of their seats. Mr. Mathers returned to the microphone with a minute to spare and said, 

"The plane and automobile made it easier for armies to kill guns became more mechanized and the world went to war. Twenty years go by and allies lied and attacked the sleeping giant guys and the Nazi's met our G.I.'s and the Japanese got nuked. The corporations reaped from the war and filled their coffers even more and the human race has been at war every since that time. Philosophers like Hesse and Sartre contemplated our existence, while Ghandi and Malcolm X made resistance their cause. The Ashkenazi took the Holy Land and forced out the Palestinians who had thought they'd have a homeland until the treaty of Balfour. Now the governments cater to the rich and the rest of us are their bitch. Individual rights are as sacred as they don't interfere with the bottom line. That's my best summation of history and why you asked for me is a mystery but let me before the first to say to an alien race..."

The timer buzzed. The alien delegation murmured amongst themselves for a moment before turning to Mr. Mathers and saying, "What was it you wanted to say to us?"

Mr. Mathers smiled from ear to ear as he pointed his two middle fingers to the alien delegation and said, "Blow me."