        I committed suicide. I’m finally done. Fuck that piece of shit life I had, and everyone who made it miserable. I’m done with this bullshit. 
	I open my eyes. I’ve fallen from the rope I’ve hung. I’m not in my apartment anymore. I’m not even in Queens. Is this even earth?
	A wasteland stretches before me. Black skies with a glimmer of red. A chilling cold sweeping through. Nothing alive for miles. 
	I walk. 
	For hours. 
	Endlessly. 
	This must be my eternal punishment. 
	This is Hell. 
	My feet are raw and sore. My arms crossed trying to retain a semblance of warmth, trembling. 
	Suddenly, in my infernal abyss, I hear a noise. A cape follows behind me. Something glimmering around its head. It’s too far away. I try to focus. 
	“HELP!” I scream out. It starts moving faster towards me. I recognized what was glimmering over its head. I panic. The cape gains speed. Scythe at its side. I start a miserable attempt at an escape. Thump. 
	“FUCK!” I scream out in pain, as I’m tackled to the floor. 
	“Shut the fuck up!” it screams in my ear. I freeze in fear. Terrified, death has caught up to me. After a few seconds it lifts off me. I turn on my back to see who’s underneath the cape. Beautiful hazel eyes look back at me. I’ve never seen such a beautiful face in my life. She stands off me. Beneath her cape, she hides a black armour with grey accents.  She gives me a hand. 
	“Suicides are my favourite”
	“What?”
	“I said, suicides are my favourite”
	“What the fuck does that mean?”
	“You couldn’t handle your life, so you decided to kill yourself right? What you didn’t know is that what happens after you morons call death, is so much worse. You see how that’s funny right?”
	“What the fuck is this?”
	“Well for starters, my name is Zelda. I’m a survivor in this universe. Thanks for asking. Second, this is what happens after you die. Hell and heaven don’t exist. Although if I were to give this place a name, I’d call it the underworld, though we’re not exactly under anything, but it reminds me of the Greek myths. We’re technically over life, alternate dimension, same time, and space kind of thing.”
	“What the fuck?”
	“I know, lots to take in. Here’s the basics, in this universe, we’re a species at the bottom of the food chain. I’ll put it in your terms, Dinosaurs still rule this place. You’re not alone in the universe, SURPRISE! Funny thing is, aliens aren’t always in different planets, but in the same planet, in a different dimensions, bad news is that, they’re all ridiculously more advanced than humans in almost all of them, and they also end up here sometimes whenever they die.”
	“What the fuck!”
	“I’m not done yet. Technically I’m Amazonian, but the whole group of us sometimes call ourselves death, but that’s really a running joke. That’s what all of you dumb fucks call us when you first get to this place. Good news is, that there is a small colony of actual humans like you, bad news is that it’s kinda far from where you landed. Good news, your tribe and mine, are allies, so we always help you guys make your way to your people, bad news, most of you don’t make the long trips.”
	“What have I fucking done?”
	“I know! Suicide is really pointless, if you die here, you’ll just end up somewhere else, from what I understand, sometimes you retain your memory, like you did this time, sometimes you start over from scratch, like you did last time, but as far as I know, that loop is infinite. Now let’s go find something with fur, so you don’t freeze to death. In the meantime, you can borrow my cape”
	She pulls down her skeleton mask, and looks around. 


