The beast gains its power from the moons. That much they knew. 

For centuries the little fort on Redding Hill was the bastion of strength for the men and women of the valleys north and south of it. During times of full moons, or when there were more than two or three moons in the sky at once, the common folk would flock to the fort for safety. A single-moon-beast was no problem for your average farmer's shotgun, and a two-mooner could be taken care of as well. But three or more, now there was a beast that only the high-caliber cannons of Redding Hill could take care of.

Now, on this particular night, the farmers all stood on the hill, gathered around a great cage. Within was a beast. It howled and screamed, bouncing about in its prison, clawing at the bars and welded plates in wild desperation. The farmers were waiting, and they all were armed. 

They knew that a special time was coming. Astrologers had predicted it regularly for ages, a time that only came around once every few centuries: the night of no moons. Nobody at Redding Hill that day knew what would happen to the beast with no moons, but they were now prepared to find out. They anxiously watched the clock tower, which loomed over the walls of the fort, waiting for the time of the last moon's setting. Some expected the beasts to all die, but they were a minority. Most thought the beasts would become weak or fall asleep; they knew the beasts never slept, that was a part of their terrifying power. The beasts could hunt, day or night, year round, without need for rest or respite. Yet still there were some, convinced by simple (if not flawed) mathematics, who believed the no-moon beast would be almost as strong as a one-moon beast.

The most hopeful of the bunch was Commander Kent, the wizened old warrior who was in charge of Redding Hill. He had gathered up the common folk, commanding them to bring their guns, and set his men out to capture the beast that now writhed in the midst of them. He was among those who hoped that the beast would wither and, when weakened, be easy to kill. Once the captured beast proved his theory his plan was to set off into the wilderness and invade a beast-cave, to rid their country of the largest pack once and for all.

And so the time ticked down, and the last moon slowly set, inching ever closer to the horizon. Kent's glare exchanged targets, flickering between the setting moon and the squirming creature. Only a few minutes remained.

A man parted the crowd as he scaled the hill, out of breath. It was the young bishop, Marcus Avery, dressed in full regalia and with a hostile scowl affixed upon his face. "Who's responsible for this!?" He commanded upon reaching the opening and seeing the beast. "You should all be in your homes praying during the moonless hour, not out here watching this roadside show!"

"Quiet old man!" Kent snapped back. "Keep your dogma to yourself and go pray on your own."

"I was! But when I went looking for the chapel attendants I could only find one. I went door to door, and nobody was home! Then I find that you've organized this, this, this... travesty!" He fumed. "How could you get away with this, and nobody told me?" He beseeched the crowd, most of whom turned away in shame. "Have you all lost your minds!?"

"We've gained minds, you're the one who's lost." Kent stepped forward imposingly, standing a full head taller than Avery. "Lost in the past, lost in your old books. Nobody wants to keep fearing the beast. So why should we stick to tradition when logic dictates a better solution?"

There were murmurs of agreement among the gathering, which slowly shed its guilt and turned against Bishop Avery. "I warn you," the old bishop said with contempt, "if you stay here, you'll wish you hadn't. There is a price to pay for this transgression against God."

"And what about you, hm?" Kent pointed at the clock tower. "You have less than a minute left to get back in the pews!"

Avery sighed. "My place is with my flock, especially the sinners. I work for your salvation, not my own." He took a few steps back, joining the crowd in silence.

Commander Kent took this as a victory and he stepped back as well, not to inhibit anyone's view of the cage. As the moon finally vanished beyond the hilltops a chilling calm fell over the people. They watched as the beast calmed too, falling to its knees and curling up on the floor of its cage as if asleep. Its fur began to darken and shed, turning to ash and dusting away with the wind. Its claws fell apart in a similar fashion, and its arms and legs contorted in an unnatural way, as if pulled by an invisible force rather than their own control. They reformed themselves into a familiar shape... a human shape. In fact, the entire creature now resembled a sooty, dirty young person with long black hair and tanned skin, curled up on the ground, asleep.

The people were stunned and silent. They had never seen such a thing happen before. Kent, equally bewildered but no less brazen than he had been before, opened the cage and entered, grabbing the former beast on its shoulder. It stirred, and then sat up, revealing its face. In place of the long snout and snake-like eyes the beast had sported before was the human face of a young girl. She looked Kent in the eyes. "Where am I?"

Bishop Avery tapped Kent on the arm as he entered the cage too. Kent looked back at him. "I don't understand, bishop."

Avery gently pushed the man aside and sat next to the girl. "Are you unhurt?"

"I feel... a bit woozy." She put a hand on her forehead. "What happened?" She looked around. "Who are these people? Where am I?"

"Do not worry my child," Avery took a glass vial, embossed with silvery decoration, out from his robes. Inside was a liquid, clear like water, but with sparkling dust settled at the bottom. He shook it up to stir the sparkling bits to life, and they swam about the bottle in a small vortex. "Drink this. It will make you feel much better."

She took the flask in her hands and uncorked it, obeying readily. She either recognized the bishop's holy authority well enough to do as he said or trusted his kind demeanor. Either way did not matter; the moment she had swallowed the concoction she went limp. Dead.

Avery stood, dusting the dirt from his lower robes. He stepped out of the cage, silently dismissing Kent's stuttering attempts at addressing him, and climbed atop the metal prison. He spread his arms out wide, his loose robes dangling beneath, and looked out over the hundreds gathered before him. "Now, my children. You have seen the truth of the beast. They were human once, all of them were. But they were a race of sinners, and God punished them thusly. He saw fit to turn them on the outside into what they were on the inside, so that we could kill them without holding the guilt of murdering another human. Only on these rare moments, when the moons are all set, do they get respite from their eternal punishment, and we can see them for what they could have been if they had not sinned. And that is why you mustn't know. You must never feel guilt for these monsters, and that is why we must blind ourselves with prayer during the times of no moons. So now," his tone changed aggressively. "Repent! Go home and forget! Tell no one of what you saw, or God may punish you as he has punished this girl. You were not meant to know the truth, so let it die with your buried memories of this night."

The crowd dispersed quickly and silently. And no one ever spoke of the night-of-no-moons at Redding Hill again.