I had finally did it. After a millennia of suffering to see those I love leave me to go to the afterlife, I started the end of all things just so I could finally join them.
          I ran for office. It wasn't hard to win, the media had projected me to stardom about 60 years ago when I couldn't keep my immortality a secret any longer. I was worried at first about experimentation and dissection at the hands of government agencies whose very names were classified, but I was in the spotlight enough that every doctors visit and genetic specialists visit I made was public and recorded. 
          After I had the power all I had to do was execute the scheme I made a century ago, and I worked beautifully. I utilized the history all the beginnings of wars and civil wars and religious and ethnic purges to create a superstorm, when you've seen the world go to hell as many times as I it's clear what is necessary to send the world into chaos
        I used my countries atomic weapons to start a chain reaction of nuclear war that would eliminate 95% of the people I had to destroy. I used the secret government agencies to create radical groups imbedded with an agenda of cleansing and conquering after an Armageddon. After the fallout these groups worked furiously to complete the task of hunting down the outcasts and wanderers who had found a way to escape my nuclear wrought. 
       My victory was almost complete, mankind stood on the brink of extinction and I had made my peace with the paying the price I had to to gain sweet death long ago. 
       What I didn't expect was to find her. I came across Fiona when I was wandering the wastes of my capital, a tourist walking through fire and radiation I was ever immune to. 
         She started a conversation with me that day when I passed her while she sat on the street. I didn't even see her sitting there as I walked past, and she called out to me, "Beautiful weather we're having!" 
I turned to her and just stared at that face, shocked I could not find a trace of grief or anguish or resentment for the world that turned to madness. She was just smiling at me.
I had to laugh, just something in that smile broke through a wall that hadn't been breached in centuries. She laughed too and simply said, "Gotta make the best of things right?" She didn't recognize me as the supreme leader of my nation, or if she did she hadn't held on to any of the hate she would have for me, the man who set her world on fire. 
        I just sat down to join her, and asked her if she was doing alright out here, having trouble with raiders or finding food. She laughed again and answered, "The trouble is finding the raiders, those are the ones I'm taking all the food that's left off of!" She revealed a magnetic rifle she had concealed under her leg and identified herself as imperial infantry guard. She had been a fighter for decades and was fighting my end tooth and nail. 
      I respected her, and I fell for her. I was the first sane person she had talked to in months, maybe years and I found myself enjoying her company.
      And now I write my final memoir, a cautionary tale to those who might yet visit my planet in the millennia to come, of one ancient man's regrets. After traveling together for weeks we were trapped, one of the larger pack of cannibals that wandered has pursued us to a bunker, a dead end. My Fiona's dead end. They had lase saws and were working on the barrier. They won't be able to hurt me, but I couldn't hold them all off and away from Fiona. I have the power to survive, not the power to fight indefinitely. 
I was ready take it all back, even if it meant another 1,000 or another 10,000 years of my torture, just so I wouldn't have to see her die. 
        As the barrier disintegrated and the beasts advances towards the final gate between us, my dear dear Fiona shifted. Her face became a blur, and cleared to reveal the witch who had cursed me. She told me, "I have been cursed with the same burden you carry, and I have followed you for a millennia hoping you would be the one who could come to a solution for the both of us. And you almost have. I couldn't bear to see the fear in your eyes, the fear of losing someone you love, for that is something I also understand perfectly, and that is why I reveal to you I am not the person you think you care for and I am not in danger of being murdered before your eyes. But his is the last pack of humans on the planet left, I know, and after they are gone we too may go." 
I hated her, and I loved her. I write this down, moments before our unsuspected assailants meet us, to explain to you, whoever finds my waste of a planet might know what happens here. When that hang reaches us we will fight and bleed and survive to see them dead. And then I to, can go. Arm in arm with the witch who pushed me to to start the end of all things, just so she too could enjoy the bittersweet ending that I sold my soul to seek out. 
