Once the science nerds had figured out how souls worked or whatever it became an easy trick to judge people based on how "pure white" their blood was. Cops would bring in all the suspects to a crime and test em, one by one. Some, they'd let go, most they ended up keepin on account of how "dirty" their blood tested. Most folks run somewhere north of magenta, those are your everyday, run of the mill, liars and cheats, adulterers and the like. School children apparently can run closer to a pinkish hue. Everybody does something shitty from time to time, and there's proof now, but not for me.

I got pulled in for some local burglaries when I was a kid, but I always tested out clean. So I figured they must of glitched something up then, but as I got older I'd get pulled in for more serious stuff, that I definately had done mind you, and still I got off scott free. So I started to get kinda close to this mob tough around town, and he says to me one day, "Eh, Tommy, I hear you's can get away wit just about murda..." blah blah blah, type stuff. So I tell him I dont know why it is, but I the cops can't ever pin anything on me. I dont really know why, but hey I'm not complaining.

So long story short, I got in with the big boss Sinclair. He gets me doing all kinda stuff for him. One day he asks me to do this guy in, you know. So that's what I just got out for. I cant explain it, but I put two rounds in his skull, blood is cleaner than a nuns skirt. We got a doc working for us that says my blood basically tests white. That is some sort of anomaly I guess. It's basically showing that I've never done a soul harming thing in my whole life. The great thing is no matter what I do I'll get away with it. 

That is what brings me here to you, in this stinking podunk little shithole of a town you got. I don't know how much police science they got out here. Even if your cops don't know how to test guilty blood out, they sure do in federal court. So I'm not worried one bit about cleaning the inside of your ears with this here 9mm. So let me ask you again, are these restrooms for customers only, or can I help myself?
