I sit up and I stare at the wall. The clock ticks and I sigh. As everday this time around my depression phase kicks in and I feel warm tears rolling down my chin. "why me? " I ask myself. Everything just is so dull I have plenty of things to do, but I can't and I feel guilty about it. Everytime I want to force myself outside anxiety hits me and pulls me back in.

Silently sobbing on the bed I wonder why I was so naive. I thought I wanted to feel what emotions are back then, but I never thought they would be like that. I regret that decision and just now it reminds me of all the other bad decisions in my life. I am a fool. I seem to only do the wrong things,  every time I try something I fail. 

Now I am thirsty and need to drink, but I lack all the energy to even move one step. Just thinking of standing up is unbearable. If this goes on I would probably die. 

"If die now I wouldn't mind." is a thought that has been running trough my mind since 2 months. 2 months since I started my donations box. Two  --months. 3 hours have passed and I see the sky going red. I slowly and painfully stand up and can drink now. It's a war against my mind. One footstep a victory against sadness. 

I wanted to stop the donations. The box just sits outside of the buildingblock. It is so close but I can't reach it! My emotions block me. It is like I swim against a streaming river supplied by a monsun. And the monsun never stops. 

Just being alive like this is exhausting. The sun goes down and I sigh. I need to close the box. I see it outside of the window. I watch it everyday this time from tbe bathroom. The water is still running out of the tap. I can stop it but I don't have the motivation. I breathe so slow as if I was already half dead. 

I think I forgot my name. I regret the tap running I feel sad about it and guilty for the waste. I see some car driving by outside in the dark. It feels surreal as if I was sleeping. The car slows down. "Another donator? ", echoes faintly in my mind. A shadow steps into the garden. Blurry and too fast for me to see he steps to the place my box should be. My eyes can't follow his speed. I am too slow too foggy too dull too sad. I hear some sound of a quick clap or do I just imagine it? 

My eyes open a little. I can see better. My hearts makes another beat. The old rusty machine that is my body makes gets a pulse. Single thoughts crystalize out of the fog. My saggy arm twitches. "what!? -"

I can move! It is 1:02am and I am still alive.


(sorry for bad english or bad formatting (foreign on mobilephone). I think about continuing the story or leaving it like that for open interpretations)

