I was sipping my tea as usual at my regular pub, then my phone rings. It's my mate Chris again.

"Hey Chris, you up to your shenanigans again? Who are we going to rip off this time?"

Chris always is up to something. And he always seems to have perfect hair. No matter what happens to him. As if he's some kind of action movie star or something. And somehow he gets the prettiest birds! Always redheads! How does he do it??

"Oi, Rob, let's meet up at the usual spot by the lake, we need to boost a lorry, right quick!"

I swear he sounds a bit different than last time. It's kind of like him, but something sounds... off... anyway, let's go, this will be fun.

I park my Ford by the lake and leave the lights on and light up a ciggy as I wait. Chris' car pulls up in a few, flashes the lights with the usual pattern, and I turn my ignition off to show it's safe for him to get out. A tall, blond chap walks out of the car. This is not how Chris looks. This guy dresses the same as Chris, even has a mole at the same spot on the forehead, but his face is not Chris'.

"Chris? That you?"

"Yeah mate, it's been years innit, what you been up to buddy?", says "Chris".

"Same old, same old, you know."

Chris turns around for a second then turns back, then suddenly exclaims "Alright no time for chit chat, let's roll!", wearing a different tie than a minute ago. I swear it was different. I think I'm going bonkers.

We do the usual drill, do a few mistakes, snatch the lorry, get chased by the fuzz, ditch them at the last minute, somehow Chris picks up another hot redhead and we end the day with a high five as usual. I get my share of exactly £300k. He gets £700k. £1m. Such a round number. Who would keep EXACTLY £1m in a lorry? It's as if I'm in a B film or something.

Chris: "All right that was fun bruv, let's do that again some time eh?"

I respond awkwardly, "Yeah mate, let's... do that".  When did Chris move to South London?? OK, I have had enough of this weirdness, I'm going to follow him to find out what he's up to.

Chris turns around, gets in his car and turns the corner by the pub. I quickly get into mine and get it going after him too. But he's gone already. Vanished. Poof. Nowhere to be seen.

\----- Years pass. -----

Chris has not called me in years! He would call me every year around this time, I wonder what happened to him... I keep hanging out at the regular pub doing the same things but nothing ever happens any more. Today I decided to take another route through the town instead of the usual, to have a bit of variety.

As I walk down the new road, I see a familiar face. It's Chris! Not the one with the lorry, the Chris I knew from before that. Looks the same. Different clothing though. And no mole on the forehead. He's wearing ... a jumper? I never saw him wearing jumpers before. And he's in a convertible. Talking to a really attractive brunette lady in the passenger seat. A brunette? No way. I HAVE TO go and say hi.

I walk up to them and listen their conversation for a bit. They are speaking like love birds from a cheesy book or something. They keep going on and on without stopping.

I can't take this any more, and interrupt their conversation. "Chris? It's me, Rob!" Old Chris looks at me as if he never saw me before. "Sorry mate, I'm not Chris, you must be mistaking me for someone.", says Chris. It's definitely him. It's his voice. It's his accent. It's his style of speaking. I'm getting annoyed now. I stare at him for a second to be absolutely sure and this gets me angrier.

"Mate, are you taking a piss? I know it's you."

"Sorry again, as I said, I'm not Chris."

"Do you know a Chris?"

"Nope."

"Do you have any brothers?"

"No."

"Come on man, don't you recognize me?"

Chris stops our chat saying "Sorry, I'm in a middle of the conversation here.", and turns away. They repeat the same exact conversation I overheard from before. I interrupt again: "What the bonkers is all this? You both said the same exact words as before!" Chris and the brunette both sigh, and restart their conversation from the beginning.

I walk away and the conversation keeps repeating in my head. I notice I'm shaking slightly. Sweat drops on my forehead. I'm going mental. I'm really going mental.

I won't lose them this time. I sneak up to the car from behind and get into the trunk, and leave a gap so I can see where we're going.

After speaking for what feels like hours, and I swear they said the same exact sentences in twenty different ways, they finally start the car and go up to the next place.

Bloody hell, they are pulling up to the Lover's Lane.