I blink and open my eyes. Well, it's about as bright as I expected. I smile. Heaven.

A bit sooner than I had hoped -- I never thought I'd reach my finish line at 62. But diabetes and lung cancer catch up to you.

I take a deep breath and look around. The lights aren't quite what I expected. I guess I was imagining sunshine, fluffy clouds, the sound of baby angels singing or something... this is more like...

Florescent lights?

I frown and squint around me at the white-walled room and florescent lighting. A window on one wall, plain wooden table and wooden chair, and nothing else but tile floor. Strange... unless I'm not dead? Maybe I'm still at the hospital?

I look down at my body, unattached from machines, free of blemishes -- and free of pain. But still me.

"Yes, this is the afterlife," says a pretty young woman, entering the room from a white door in the corner. She looks like a nurse, but more... bright. Her smile is kind as she approaches me. "Welcome, Yvonne."

"Where am I?" I ask, in a voice that sounds 20 years younger. Without the smoking damage.

"You're at the fabled 'Pearly Gates', getting ready to enter heaven. Not quite what you expected, is it?" She smiles again, and I feel comforted.

"No..." I reply uncertainly. "What do I need to do?"

"You will face one test in order to pass through."

I sweat nervously. A test? I'm assuming it's not a math test.

She steps around the table and gestures toward a door on the opposite wall. I didn't see it before, the white washed paint matching the walls. "In a moment, you will face the person who hurt you most in life. In order to pass through to heaven... you must forgive them."

My stomach jolts. Forgiveness? I guess that's a very heavenly thing. Who will it be? My mind races... my ex-husband who called me worthless? My mother who treated me like an afterthought to my 5 older brothers and sisters? My once best friend who proved herself otherwise?...

The woman turns to leave from the door she entered from, and I turn, flustered. "Wait! How long do I have?"

She smiles. "As long as it takes."

She closes the door softly as she leaves, and I rub my sweating palms together.

"Hello Yvonne," says a voice behind me. My body stills. Not... could it be? I turn to see the person I least expected.

Standing just a few feet in front of me, eyes drilling into mine... is me. Exactly as I look now.

"Why... why you?" I ask.

"You know the answer to that," she says softly.

My mind races for a moment, then I smile. This is good! I can forgive myself. I'm a good person. I deserve forgiveness, don't I?

I take a deep breath, look directly into my own eyes -- eyes that are gentle and confident, but tired -- and say: "I forgive you, Yvonne."

I move to step around her toward the door. She reaches out a hand and places it on my shoulder firmly, stopping me. "You know it's not that easy." She shakes her head -- not angrily, but sadly.

"What?" I ask, confused. "I forgive you..."

"Do you?" she dropped her arm and looked into my eyes deeper. "Do you really forgive me?"

"Yes..."

"Even though I stared at you in the mirror day after day, telling you that you're fat?"

I flush, and surreptitiously look around the room to make sure the pretty woman isn't standing there listening.

"Even though you missed your cousin's wedding because I told you that you were too ugly to wear your favorite dress?" she continued. "And in the third grade, I made sure you sat alone at lunch so no one would call you a dork. You didn't have any friends for FOUR YEARS. They called you 'emo' and 'loner' instead."

"Please..." I beg, fighting the tears.

"And when you completely messed up your first job interview out of college, I locked you in your room for a week, making you miss two more interviews. Which were probably you dream jobs. You would have been so much happier."

I cross my arms tightly in front of me to keep them from shaking.

"Donald left you," she pushed forward, "because you were an emotional mess. Screaming at him one day, crying the next. I made him hate you. I made him hate you like I hate you."

I stared at the floor. I can forgive her. I CAN. I don't believe the things she's saying. Do I?

She reached out and pulled my arm away from my body, turning it upward. "Look at you," she sneered, running her hand over the scars. "I did this to you, because you deserve it. Your ugly body, as ugly as your soul. I killed you from the inside out. Slowly, true, with cigarettes and fatty, sugary foods. Why not? You didn't have anything else to live for. Even your kids didn't want to see you after time. Their emotional, impulsive, fat mother. What an embarrassment you were."

I choked on a sob and fled to the door behind me. Before I could pull on the handle, the kind woman opened it and put an arm around me. "Need some time, dear?" she asked.

I nodded, blinded by tears I was embarrassed to shed.

"Come," she soothed, leading me to a waiting area with blue cushioned seats and carpeted floors. There were dozens of people here. Some pacing, agitated, running their hands through their hair. Others sitting quietly with their eyes closed. Some on their knees, openly weeping.

"What is this place?" I muttered wetly.

The woman smiled her kind smile and gestured upward toward a neatly printed sign over the waiting area.

LIMBO

"Take all the time you need, dear. We'll be here."