I am glad planet giraffe has pizza. These fuck wad 6 leggers we're the most boring spiritualists and their culture predominated. Expectable as we were refugees but nonetheless annoying not to have a good strip-club or spy-tech outlet. But the Earth-Food Restaurant was spotted on a lucky glance as the slideway went 2145mph to 0 for my stop. 
For some goddamn stupid reason I brought the glump-cat in my backpack who was talking a blue streak inside my faux-canvas back-sling. Fortunately it-Samantha, as she has been trained to call herself by whatever practical joke assault team probably led by a vics relative or something had sent to me, Samantha was too muffled to distract or bother me.
I should ask the Earth-Fooders about it if I remember.
Poking in that wound of Samantha's death was a psychological attack.
As an assassin (totally out of work) I just killed people; I did not fuck with their minds.
Well different strokes for different folks. 
I slowed don on my Earth board, manufactured by a six-legger giraffe company for Earthlings, well i guess two and at times four of the legs are 7 fingered hands. I wanted cheeze pizza so bad. 
"Cheese, no crusts with fish bits- ya got it".  
The pizza passed through the door.
"You are the man calling from the unregistered geo?"
"I am"
I just get back on the board and went less then a mile at about 160mph, just taking in the view- as the board-field had debris killer, then just got hungry and stopped sitting by the purple and teal ruffage overlooking red waters.
I opened and the cheese pizza small looked ok- kinda lumpy.
Well beggars and choosers and all..
I take out that steaming gleaming slice of lumpy fishy pizza and and bite down.
Some of the cheese is kind of tough and I bite down deeper.
And got powder, a lot of powder.
I thought this was from scratch not dehydrated poorly- fuckers.
Wait.
Wait 
HOLY SHIT BZAM!
THAT'S COCAINE
WELL IT WAS ON THE HOUSE!
SHIT!
SHIT!
I licked some more.
OK. OK. um. 
You could be getting followed.
I barked at my apparently hacked (considering the god phone practical joke) decision matrix Burt.
"PUT A CLOAK ON ME BURT!"
Shit I said that too loud.
The giraffes did not, uh, surveil like Earth. But that didn't mean their peach wet eyeballs weren't tracking.
"Alright Burt we gotta get supplies"
