Death and I walked side by side along the narrow golden corridors of the Great Castle. Death rarely spoke, he only said what needed to be said. I didn't mind whatsoever. I was just like him and i saw unnecessary chit-chat, well, unnecessary. 


We walked in silence for the better part of the afternoon. It was Death who had suggested this walk. When i questioned the purpose, all he whispered was “A future King must always know every inch of their dominion.” I dared not question him further on this. I did want to be King. I needed to be King, my whole life depended on it. I was the youngest of 4 twins. The last to be born. My elder brothers where older than me by a few hours, I was never supposed to have been born. 


“The runt of the litter,” that's what my father called me. In the last 18 years, my father never treated me as his own, always leaving me behind, never training me himself. Every war, every political matter, every feast that was held, I was always left behind.


Twins were common in our lineage. It's the reason why we held power for so long. As the looser in the Crowning games, it was my uncle who took pity on me. He was the youngest of three, he hardly looked like his eldest brother, but even he carried our family's great physique. “It's been 4 generations since a runt like you was born!!Hahahaha!” Despite training me and watching over me all my life, my uncle still treated me like father did when he drank, which was daily ever since he lost his leg in the war. 


This was my life until last month. As tradition dictated, when it came time to choose a new ruler, all siblings had to go to the Grand Temple and seek the blessings of the Gods. Each of my brothers went and prayed and they each received blessings from the 3 great ones. Boromir, the First, received blessings from Ra, Gladio, the Second, was blessed by Apollo, and Braddock, the Third was blessed Surya. All three had been blessed by the 3 Titans who lived in our Sun. Father nearly had a heart attack that day.  All 3 were fit to rule, all 3 had similar powers, and because of this, it was decided that they would all fight only with their strength, weapons and training provided by the Gods. Only the winner would receive powers of the Sun. The only one to not get blessed was me. I had decided not to waste anyone's time by showing up and getting a lesser God's blessing.


It didn't surprise me at all that no one questioned why i didn't go and get blessed. I was after all, the runt of the litter. But death, he saw different. It was Death that sought me out that same night. It was Death that sought MY blessing, to be trained by him. When i asked why, all he said was “Even the brightest of Suns get eclipsed by a small Moon.” I knew exactly what he meant. It was time for change. Despite the size of our kingdom and the length of our rule, our empire was crumbling fast. What we needed was not another King, but rather a Tyrant who would enforce rule and restore balance to our world. Death saw that in me, and i understood perfectly. 


When we reached the end of the hall, the great doors that led to the arena could no longer contain the sounds of cheering from the crowd. I looked at Death and Death stared right back at me. “My brothers, they all have weapons of the Sun, and are trained in the arts of the Sun. But in the last month, all you taught me was the value of life and death, and philosophy...i don't think i can win.” Death merely chuckled. I did not know such a thing was possible. 


“I have taught you how to be a King, not a soldier. When you step out there, no one will expect you. No one will question you, and everyone will bow before the new King. All you are missing are these…” Before I could reply, Death placed his black cloak over my shoulders and handed me a scythe with a blade darker than the night sky. Death opened the Great doors and pushed me forward. Immediately the crowd silenced. I stepped forward into the light. My brothers all turned to look at me, they looked shocked. Silence pressed against my ears for what seemed an eternity. I stood there with scythe in hand and cloak over my shoulders. I looked at my father, and he had gone pale with fright. I took a few steps towards him and as i did, a great shadow engulfed us all. 


I looked at the sky, and sure enough, the moon eclipsed over the Sun. The crowds knelt before me, my brothers laid their weapons down and knelt as well. I turned to face my father and to my surprise, Death had a hand on my father's shoulders. All i could do was smile. 

