If it were not for his thin stature and round face, I would think that the boy who stood before me was not a boy but a reflection of myself. He had brown eyes that looked like two small almonds whenever he titled them up to catch my gaze and when water began to fall from them, it reminded me of the way water also fell from mine.

“Daddy, why don’t you remember me?” He asks me for the third time, now.

“I’m sorry but I am not your father. I can’t be. I would remember having a son, surely I would. My name is James and…well that’s all I know. I don’t know anything about having a son, however.” I explain to him confidently. His eyebrows pull into each other forming a crease. 

“Daddy, why did you let the memory of me go? Do you not love me, anymore? Am I not as important as your -“ His voice, like the soft hum of a violin trails off. The next words are in his mind, I can see so in his face, but they stay hidden in his mouth.

“Why have you brought this child to me? Why are you doing this to me?” I say to the woman slumped over in the chair across from us. Her long hair falls over her face like a mop. Her expression suggests that she is annoyed but the way her eyes fall to floor and stay there for long periods of time also suggests sadness.

“James, you asshole.” she sneers past the boy. “You really did it this time, huh? Your own fucking child! You traded the memory of your own fucking child for that shit! I could understand letting the memory of me go, I don’t like it but I get it, at least. But your own fucking child, how could you?” 

The words sting my ears and draw sweat to my hairline. Who are these people? Whose house am I in? Why do they make me feel so strange, so conflicted? 

I feel blood rush to my head. “Listen lady, I don’t know who the fuck you are but -“ A feeling falls over me at once taking the words from me and the cloud that once occupied my mind dissipates. This boy with sad, brown eyes is my son. His name is Alex and he came into my life seven years ago one rainy, August morning when the clouds from the sky stretched all the way down to touch the earth. The woman sitting across from us is his mother, Karen, and I’ve loved her for eight years now but lately I’ve wondered if she ever truly loved me back.

“Daddy? Are you back? Is it over?” asks Alex studying me. Happiness appears in his face for a moment but he doesn’t let it change his expression. He waits for my answer.

Tears gather in my eyes and a lump forms in my throat, making the words hurt as I say them. “Yes, Alex. I don’t know what happened.” I fall to my knees and hold his gaze more intensely. “Alex, you know daddy loves you, right? You know daddy would never let the memory of you go, not even for -“ 

All of a sudden, my breaths become heavy and I fold my hands into two small fists to keep them from shaking. I hear Karen sigh from across the room. She stands, grabs Alex by the shoulders, and leads him away into another room. As she walks through the doorway she turns to me and shakes her head.

I try to dissect the nature of her gesture, I try desperately to understand why it is I am shaking and what it is my body wants. But all I can think about is the pain, the white-hot pain that has washed over me, filling my insides with acid. 

Then, without my permission, my mouth opens to recite a mantra that sounds foreign to me ears but feels normal on my tongue. Behind my closed eyes I see Alex and Karen, together. Their calm faces are soothing to my soul and for a brief, still second my heartbeat slows. But time goes by and their silhouettes become blurred until finally, they disappear from my mind completely. I open my eyes and feel a smile take form on my lips at the sight of a needle. I take it in my fingers and press it into a small hole on my arm, letting the dark, colored liquid warm my body. 