I was asleep when it happened. Yknow the type of people who can pretty much sleep through anything? Yeah, I'm one of those people.

I felt a finger poking into my cheek. A somewhat high pitched, nasal voice spoke into my ear. The voice kind of sounded like somebody from Boston, but why somebody from Boston would be in my bedroom, I have no idea.

"C'mon, kid, you gotta wake up!"

I opened my eyes just a crack. I expected to see my poster of Batman to be staring at me. Instead, I got the face of what appeared to be a midget in front of me. 
I jumped up and scrambled backwards.
"Whu-uh-what are you doing in my hou-"

That was about the moment I realized. I wasn't in my house. I don't even think I was in Kentucky any more. My house had ugly brown walls. My house had old wooden doorways. My house did not have white marble columns that reached up to the FUCKING clouds. I kind of blinked and looked around. The little guy (who in all actuality, seemed more like a small human than a midget), looked at me and laughed, his golden brown eyes closing, and a smile forming on his face.

"Welcome to the Hall of Heroes, kid! You're gonna love it here!"

"Wait, what?" ,I responded.

"The Hall of Heroes! Did Jim not tell you?"

A somewhat angry look of annoyance flickered over my face.
"Who the hell is Jim?"

The small guy rolled his eyes. He began to walk away and mutter stuff under his breath, an occasional swear escaping his lips.
" -dammit Jim, this is the last-" "-I tell you, don't just pick 'em up, but what do you do" and more stuff.

I tapped the small guy on the shoulder. 
"Excuse me, I get the name, but uh, why am I here?"

The small guy sighed. "Since Jim didn't give you the whole intro, I suppose I can summarize it."

"You take weapon from here. You become hero back on earth. You die, weapon comes back here. Do I have your attention?"

I cocked my head sideways.

The small guy gave me an exasperated look and dragged his hand across his face. 
"Okay, look kid, here's the deal. I've been doing this job, for thousands of years, and it literally kills me when I get a hero who has no idea what he's doing. So, here's the explanation: you were chosen for the sole purpose of saving the earth. One of the weapons stored in here will chose you. These weapons have been used by countless heroes in the past, and will be used by countless heroes in the future. Have a look around, don't hurt yourself. If you need me, rub on this bad boy, and I'll be here." He tossed me a small bronze coin.

I looked over it, and examined the print on it. It seemed to be really old, but new at the same time. Interesting, I thought to myself. I stuck the coin in my pocket and started to walk down this huge hallway. 

I passed several weapons on my right. One was a brilliantly gleaming hand and shall sword, sticking out of a stone. I examined the placard on the base. "Excalibur. Please break stone in case of emergency." 
I walked past Excalibur and noticed what seemed to be a large Viking hammer. It had intricate runic patterns on its handle, and braiding designs on its head. As I got close to the hammer, I felt a surge of static electricity surround me. Let me tell you, Marvel has no idea what Mjolnir looks like. 

I walked passed it and noticed numerous other weapons. A spear, a bow, what looked like a gun rack with thousands of guns of every shape and size, a small sling with some round stones, a bloodied jaw of what I guess was supposedly a horse (?), and a large gnarled club.
But still none of these things called to me. It's almost as if they were ignoring me. He noticed a shiny smooth staff with similar runic designs on it, but it didn't seem to call to him either. I walked past thousands of countless weapons. The hall seemed to be coming to an end, and I got tired and decided to sit down. I was frustrated. This was all just a great big waste of my time. Why would they bring me to this place? I pulled out the coin and looked at its shiny weathered surface. I could see my face staring back at me from the shiny gleam of it. I guess the small guy had been called upon countless times. I ran my thumb across the top, gently rubbing the coin. All of the sudden I heard a voice in my ear. 

"Kinda hard to find a weapon, isn't it?" 

I jumped up, nearly knocking a nearby katana off of its pedestal, but I managed to grab it in time. What I wasn't thinking about though, was the blade of it. The katana sliced my palm open, and the blood oozed out of the cut somewhat heavily. 

"Ow! Why'd you sneak up on me like that?"

"Listen kid, if you had let it fall, I would've caught it! Us cherubs don't bleed that easily! But then again, it's not every day a guy gets cut by the sword of the last samurai rulers of Japan! Now, let's get you to the infirmary."

I pressed my other hand over the wound to keep pressure on it, and continued walking towards the end of the hallway. That's when it spoke to me.

Child. Come to me.

"Who said that?"

I did. Come child. I will help you.

I walked away from the small guy. He had some sort of smirk on his face, almost as if he knew I was being called.

The buzzing in my head got stronger and stronger until finally I reached a pedastal with what seemed like a large nail, maybe even a railroad spike. 

Pick me up child. I have chosen you.

The nail appeared to be made of iron and had a crusty, red, residue on it.

"What even are you?"

I am the God Killer. I am more fierce than any sword, and am capable of killing the gods themselves.

"Wait, gods, as in plural?"

Yes, although I am from what some would consider the White God. More technically, I killed his son.

"Holy shit. You're one of the nails they used in the crucifixion."

You speak truth. And I might advise, watch your language.

"Umm, yes sir, I mean, ma'am, er- what are you?"

I am a nail. I am neither he nor she. Now pick me up child. We have not much time.

As I picked the nail up, I felt the wound on my hand knit itself back up, the blood returning to my hand.

"So, who am I fighting?"

Only the biggest threat as of current events. You must kill Lucifer Morningstar.

"Oh. That guy."

Yes, that guy.


(Hey guys, this is my first story, hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed writing it!)