"Winthorpe is a vampire, without a doubt, babe—I saw his tongue light on fire after he took a bite of that Parmesan Garlic Shrimp Scampi we made the other day." Johnathan gazed across the campus greens, watching people mull about a summer student gathering with vendors, campus resource tents, plus student groups and alliances.  
  
Sarah licked her lips and reminisced with a briefly held blink, rubbing her belly over the lavender Gucci Mane Bubblebath Funtime sweater she wore, "oh... babe, that was a killer dinner. I was expecting you to fuck it up, but you really made that dish your bitch. I didn't hear a word from any of your roommates, and I can't tell if Xotislyt even has an actual mouth—I never saw him eat a bite, but the end of dinner his food was gone—like, all of it."  

"I... love you, too? Have I fucked any of your expectations into the ground with my cooking recently?" Johnathan pulled a chunk of ice from his tea and tossed it down her sweater. "You haven't bathed today, or last night. Maybe they didn't say anything because you stink. I'm going to withhold sex later if you ditch me halfway through meal prep to play fetch with Buster again."  

 Sarah engaged her fiercest pout and grabbed a handful of ice, throwing a piece to distract Johnathan in order to get her hand around his collar and dump her load down his back. "That's gaslighting, you're evil. I'm going to tell you mom you withhold basic life necessities, and she should gift you a beating next Christmas sine you'll have coal in your stocking anyways."  

"Gaslighting, please—you once said the reason I don't talk to my dad anymore is because I wore dresses when I was younger—now you make me wear a dress on special occasions because 'it grew on you." Johnathan scooped the ice from the boxer-ridge along his ass crack and threw it at a squirrel nibbling on a piece of garbage near a tree.  

"And because I wanted to make a dress for your beautiful six armed reptilian roommate; his serpent tail has feathers, Johnathan. Like a fucking Peacock. Actually, he's not a bird so that makes him ten times as beautiful. I would've broken up with you if you got a roommate with a bird—I hate birds, Johnathan."  

A smirk rode across Johnathan's face, remembering the pigeon on the train incident. "You do hate birds."  

"And I'm the only reason Xotislyt stopped making that high pitched screeching sound; the microwave was threatening to us telepathically, Johnathan. If I didn't convince him people were signing up for plastic surgery to add fake arms on the reg someone might've died." Sarah mimicked her brains falling out of her ears.  

Johnathan shook his head, "I don't think any of them are dangerous."   

Sarah shot Johnathan with a dart of heavy side-eye, "excuse me, what? Buster ate a raccoon whole, yesterday. That's why I had to give him a bath. The easiest way to dry him off is to play fetch outside, none of the neighbors were around."

"He doesn't have fur during the day, babe."  

Sarah grabbed Johnathan's arm, burying her face in his chest.   

johnathan gave Sarah's head a loving pat, idly scrolling through pictures on his phone. "At least quell your lady boner and put some pants on him next time, please?"  

Sarah smirked into Johnathan's chest and gave a sort of half-giggle, knowing she'd been caught 'mirin. "That pasta was incrrredible, I wish I had more right now," Sarah whined with an exaggerated groan. "You said you saw Winthorpe's tongue light on fire? You think because of the garlic?" Sarah let go of Johnathan's arm and leaned back to her original position, watching Johnathan scroll through photos of his roommates.

Johnathan settled on a photo of Winthorpe eating dinner from the previous night. "Like a piece of flash paper at first, but the sauce sort of just sizzled away on his tongue. You didn't hear him yelp in pain?"  

Sarah shook her head, "I was too busy being distracted by the juxtaposition between Xotislyt and Buster's table manners."  

Johnathan nodded, "Buster has some serious work to do on that front. It took me 20 minutes to clean the floor around the table." Johnathan groaned at the thought of the bathroom yet to be cleaned. "Winnie couldn't resist that pasta though."  

Sarah held her hands in front of her mouth and gave a stern look. "I was wondering why he made that silly doily float in front of his face while he ate. So he definitely has telekinesis."  

"Indeed, he ate that entire dish. I didn't even know vampires could enjoy human food. I'm mostly surprised you didn't see the fireworks show going off behind his napkin. Who uses the word doily, anyways? You're such a grandma."

"Hey, punk, my grandma collects doily's and she's a cool ass lady."  

"Yea," Johnathan gave an admitting nod, "she is a cool ass lady. Think she can keep a secret?"  

"OHHHH," Sarah's eyes lit up at a thought, "I bet Buster would LOVE Gam-gam!"  

"Whoa, craebae-" Johnathan held his hands up like he'd made a mistake, "it was just a thought. Let's not go scheduling any play-dates."  

Sarah laughed a bit, 'yea, yea, that's," she shuddered with obvious apprehension in her eyes, "like, a later thing."
  
"Or like a never thing, babe" Johnathan put a hand on her shoulder. "Once she figures it out she'll recognize the other two, and she's never forgiven you for that vampire prank, Also, hello, protestant?"  

Sarah deflated a bit, "oh, right, Jesus doesn't get along with vampires." She kicked some dirt at her feet, gazing at some students playing volleyball. "Have you spoken much to Xotislyt about school? He said he wants to try out for theatre club."  

Johnathan's eyes widened in surprise. "Theater? Like dramas and musicals and shit?"  

Sarah exhaled a cloud of vapor from her cannabis vaporizer and coughed a short, "Hyup," before passing her boyfriend the device.  

Johnathan gingerly grabbed the vape and took a deep pull, enjoying the momentary silence of thought they shared. "What I want to know is why nobody else around campus seems to realize who or what they are? Buster took a shit on a library desk last week and people congratulated him for thinking of such an original prank; I would've been embarrassed to sit with him except everyone was laughing so hard nobody even noticed me. It's painfully obvious our roommates aren't human, yet everyone treats them like popular freshman." 
 
Sarah stared across the field silently for a moment while stroking her fingers across the back of Johnathan's hand. "I've thought about the exact same thing—the only thing I can think of is the house. They're comfortable at the house, so they let their guard down and don't realize we can see them for what they are. But out in public, and on campus, and like, at the grocery store when Xotislyt tried to fight that giant stack of multi-colored sodas because it was taller than him, nobody notices anything different about them at all. It's got to be telepathic, or magic or something."  

Johnathan nodded, "I wouldn't be surprised. Telepathic alien isn't that far of a leap from telekinetic Vampire."  

Sarah leaned her head on Johnathan's shoulder, "Are you certain you want to take them to the Zoo tomorrow still?"  

Johnathan gazed down at Sarah and smiled slyly, "Well I mean, we kind of have to right? For science?"    

Sarah beamed with a burst of laughter, "I have always wondered what would happen if you let a werewolf loose in the zoo. We might need a baby harness."    