I arrived at the DMV to perform my skill point allocation.

A friend of mine had just recently won $8,000 off blackjack. The secret, he told me, was that 3 years ago, he put all his points into luck. Between that and counting cards, he could easily hustle any casino. The aces flowed like a river, in his words. He planned to move to Vegas soon, hit the big casinos hard and fast, and retire off his blackjack winnings and the occasional sports betting.

"Next. Please declare your allocation."

With this fantasy in my mind, I boldly declared: "All 20 points into Luck!"

The lady gave me a look. A look that said, 'not this shit again'.

"Listen, we're required by law to advise you that this allocation type means you will unsuitable for almost all jobs, and that..."

"Yeah, yeah. Just do the re-allocation."

With a heavy sigh, and a shake of the head, she dutifully began punching away at her terminal. It was silent for a few minutes, when a look of concern and confusion crossed her face.

"This can't be right..." she muttered, as she called over some sort of manager or supervisor.

They conversed in hushed tones as she went through the steps again.

"Try it on my computer. Maybe it just needs manager approval."

The two retreated to a back room, leaving me waiting at the stall with nothing to do. I pulled out my phone.

***

She smacked the enter button for what seemed like the umpteenth time.

"See? It keeps saying that I have to change the allocation to send a re-allocation order!"

"Well, we've tried everything. That leaves only one option...

That he was born like this."

"I can't believe this shit."

"I'll email the news agencies... you just fill out the appropriate paperwork to cancel this request."

"...understood..."

***
She hobbled back out, after what seemed like half an hour. Finally.

"Sir, I am afraid that I cannot submit your re-allocation request."

I felt the scowl instantly form on my face. "Listen, lady, this is my life, and I have a right to choose --"

"Hold it. I can't send it because you already have 20 luck."

I sat in stunned silence. A nat 20? I'm a natural 20?

It didn't make sense. I wasn't particularly lucky... I had below average grades, only had one girlfriend that had left me over a year ago... I had acne scars, a lazy eye, and could barely bench 100. I wasn't someone who had every single thing work out in my favor. Hell, I had just been pelted in the nuts last week during dodgeball.

But I thought about it some more. All of that was consistent with having shit stats. As for luck... I was born in the richest nation on earth, to decent parents who had enough money to buy me a respec just because I wanted one. Many families could barely afford to respec 2 points for their child, let alone a full respec. Very, very few would ever even consider allowing a wasteful full respec into luck. I had never struggled to find water, food, was never threatened by violence. I was probably one of the luckiest people on the planet!

Still though... a nat 20. The stories about the nat 20s are everywhere. Having lived that way all their lives, they had 18 years of advantage over any re-speccers. It's why most people try to go for a balance, or just moderate specialization, so that they can get good jobs that they will enjoy. Speccing into 20 leaves you at a disadvantage compared to the nat 20s, and at a massive disadvantage to *everyone* in every other regard.

A nat 20, without exaggeration, **automatically** puts me amongst people like Albert Einstein, John Cena, and Morgan Freeman.

Hell, even if I didn't achieve anything with my nat 20, the interviews alone that would come from this would be enough for me to get started in life... a year's rent, maybe. Actually... that was for the last guy to be identified as a nat 20 in agility, who went on to win that ninja warrior challenge with a prize of $1 mil.

With 20 luck, that'd probably be closer to 3 years rent. Just for being born lucky.

I couldn't help but start laughing like a madman. I was set! I didn't even need to respec!

"You serious?!"

"That's what we determined... I can hardly believe it myself."

she paused.

"Congratulations," she said, with the insincerity and envy that only decades of working at the DMV could create in a person.

"So I'm good to go?"

"Yes, there's nothing more for you to do here. We have canceled the re-spec request. The refund should appear on your..."

I didn't bother to wait for her to finish. I strutted out of that building, ready to claim the kingly life that awaited me. I hadn't done a damn thing to earn it, and I didn't care.