I awoke from my relaxing sleep to the sound of Flynn, my pet drake, scratching wildly at the window. Groggily, I sat up in my small apartment bed, my vision blurred for a bit before I clearly saw his tiny blue frame on my windowsill, clawing away.


Such was the price of having a dragon as a pet. They were expensive to begin with, since you needed to find a seller who dealt in domesticated drakes that were confirmed breathless so they don’t accidentally light your house on fire, and this rarity made them a pretty penny.


But what made blue dragons in particular a pain to deal with was that they were known to be very early risers, and when I glanced at the clock I noticed it was nigh 4 AM. I decided I might as well get up. My shift was gonna start in about 3 hours, anyway.


No matter how many times Flynn woke me up early, I liked having him around. He’d served me well in the past, and while many of us had abandoned our weapons after the war, a few of us instead invited them to come live with us. Hence, the tiny cobalt fire-lizard found himself a home.


Taking a minute to stretch and finally hoisting myself out of bed, I opened the window to give Flynn the airtime he needed. With an adorable squeal, he flapped his wings with excitement and jumped out, and in the lightened sky of the early morning I couldn’t help but smile as I saw him happily circle around.


Deciding to give him his alone time, I yawned while I turned on the lights and headed to the bathroom to brush my teeth. But I hadn’t even gotten a chance to turn the tube open when I heard the noise. My god, the noise.


A deafening, metallic sound filled the very air outside, and penetrated deep into my apartment, stopping me right in my tracks. I quickly tossed my toothbrush aside and rushed back into my bedroom, and saw Flynn scurry back inside as quickly as he’d left. The noise began again, even louder and clearer than before, and as I shook with sheer terror I fell back with Flynn in my arms. 


My eyes were already watering before I even dared glance outside to see what was going on. Mustering the courage to stick my head out the window, the noise repeated a third time, but what was more prominent this time was the familiar sound of scaly wings beating against the morning sky.


That’s when I realized what was happening.


Utterly speechless, I held Flynn tight to my chest and wiped my tears away as my eyes showed me a fully grown adult dragon, hovering thousands of feet in the air, barely visible if it wasn’t for his shimmering bronze scales.


A gleaming brightness filled the sky, as he roared a fourth time while his scales began to glow and discharge some sort of energy. His great wings almost seemed like an illusion as they batted against the air with a thunderous sound and spread his metallic glow. A long, thick neck almost dancing menacingly connected to his regal-looking head, with three devilish horns curving backwards and projecting out forwards, covering his eyes. 


Had I not known what was coming next, I might have even said he was beautiful. But I did know. And it became more and more clear to me with every creeping inch of energy that crawled along the dragon’s scaly body. Starting from his heart, racing down his wings and tail, wrapping around his neck like an electrical current, and finally illuminating the dreadful horns and mouth as he reared his head back and jerked his jaws open.


A few other residents had gathered outside, all of our gazes meeting on a single point. Kids clung tightly to their parents like I did to Flynn, some of them crying, asking what that big golden thing in the sky was. One father knelt down to his son, and told him to close his eyes.


Because at this point, we knew it was too late. All we could do was watch. A national warning blared loudly on our cell phones and radios, but none of us reacted to it. We all understood.


Slowly, precisely, like an old conductor beginning his final performance, the bronze dragon lowered his head, aiming his terrible jaws at the earth below. I gave Flynn a final squeeze as I closed my eyes, and he whimpered a final time as I felt his slender tail wrap around my arm like he did in the good old days.


Through my self-imposed darkness, I could still feel a flash of light burst forward and light the sky on fire.


It was here.