[Contains Mild Vulgarity]
"Well Mr. Jones, I can see you're applying for our senior member position.  I take it you've got the required ten years experience or some equivalent not listed on your resume?"

"Huh?  No, uh, I actually just typed a hello world script once, no real world experience."

"Wonderful!  Our HR staff wrote up these stupid requests but I really want an outsiders perspective on our team.  Can you get started today?"

"Oh I've never done any sort of work other than manual labor.  I would need at least a week of orientation.  Maybe two depending on how I'm feeling."

"Sounds perfect!  We can put you and our other new hire in a team to learn the ins and outs side by side!  Those are exactly the kind of fresh ideas this company needs!"

"What?  No, that was your idea."

"Modesty is the number one trait I look for in an underling!"

"Hey!  I don't take kindly to being labeled by people who don't know me!"

"Straightforward take charge personalities are the number two trait!"

"I lied about having a job for three years on my resume expecting you to not even call my references.  I've never held a job for more than three months!"

"Good, that means you're an open canvas to work with.  We don't hire brainwashed goons here in our establishment."

"I mentioned I have a car?  I don't, I was just planning to walk into work if I was feeling good enough that day, otherwise stay home."

"I can get you on medical as a priority to help with any chronic exhaustion or general sleepiness.  Until you've fully recovered, take it one step at a time.  We aim to avoid discrimination of those who wish to work."

"I think your face is stupid."

"Ha!  Me too.  I've been contemplating plastic surgery.  I think this might just be the push I needed to go through with my decision.  Thank you, you've saved me from a lifetime of wasted contemplation."

"Did Stacy put you up to this?!  What did she offer you?  Did she suck your cock?"

"I'm her dad."

"I'll take the job if you promise to forget I said that."

"Glad to have you."