“It’s going to be fine, Margaret…” Marcus tried his best to soothe his sobbing wife. Rubbing her back he held her close.  “Kidnapping is a federal offense and that means the FBI will be called.  They’ll find her, Margaret.  They’ll find our daughter.”


Earlier that day Marcus had opened the door to the room to the left at the top of the stairs that were directly behind the sofa upon which his wife was beginning to quiet down.  This room belonged to little Megan who, by all rights, should have been snugged into her bed right now. She wasn’t, of course, because someone had stolen Megan while on her way home from school.


Within the quiet darkness of the child’s bedroom three sets of ears listened attentively to the conversation downstairs.  And the owners of those ears grew increasingly angry the more they heard.  


“Kidnapped?”  Mused Miss Scarelet the creature that lurked under Megan’s bed.  “No, I don’t like the sound of that.  Not at all.”


“Agreed.”  Grumbled Grabaham, the beast in little Megan’s closet.  “This cannot stand.  We must act.”


“Of course,” agreed Tenebrae who lurked under furniture and sometimes in corners.  “We must get our child back.”


Megan awoke with a start.  She’d had trouble sleeping at first because she didn’t know where she was or what these people wanted with her. They had locked her into a windowless bedroom with a single bed, a dresser, a few toys meant to distract her, and a closet.  As she always did before bed, Megan had ensured that her closet door was closed.  In the dim light from under the door she could see that the door was open slightly.


Her heart began to pound and her mouth went dry.  A familiar tap…tap…tapping sound came to her ears.  Megan flicked her eyes to a corner of the room and saw a familiar, indistinct form watching her from the far corner of the room.


Beneath her bed Megan heard a soft female voice singing softly in a foreign tongue.  While Megan didn’t know the words, she was very doubtful the song was a happy one. 


“Hello, Megan…” Grabaham whispered from the closet.  “Did you miss us?”


“Tell us, Megan.”  Tenebrae snickered from the corner.  “We missed you terribly!”

	
“We had to find you, Megan.”  Miss Scarelet purred.  “We got here as quickly as we could.”

	
A few minutes later Megan let out a shriek.  When she was at home and one of the monsters (they took turns and sometimes worked in tandem) would scare her, a good scream would summon one of her parents who would come and soothe her back to sleep.  It seemed like it was worth a try here also.

	
The door flew open and a tall, skinny man with short hair stepped into the room, his hand slapping for the lightswitch.  Nothing happened and he paused for a moment flipping the switch up and down fruitlessly.  The light from the hallway cast him in a sharp silhouette and a long shadow extended out on the floor.  Disgusted he turned to scan the empty room before turning his attention to Megan.  “What is it? What’s wrong?”

Megan pointed a shaky finger at the closet, a whimper in her throat.

“What? “  the skinny man entered the room and turned to the closet.  “What is it?”

“There’s a monster in that closet.”  Megan whispered.  “It told me to scream. It wanted me to call you.”

“What?”  the kidnapper blinked in confusion.  “Why would a monster want you to call me?”

“I don’t know…” Megan shivered.  “I’m not supposed to look.”  She yanked the covers over her head and pulled the pillow down holding it with her arms.

“Kid, I don’t have time for-“ Before he could finish his sentence Grabraham stepped out of the shadows of the closet and wrapped one enormous hand over the kidnapper’s mouth.  Terror engulfed the skinny man as he felt another, powerful arm encircle his waist pulling him close. He struggled in vain as he was pulled back into the closet, the door closing quietly behind them.  

Megan shivered and shook as she cowered in her bed, hiding under her pillow. After what felt like an eternity she relaxed her grip and slowly, carefully peeked out into the room she’d been held in.  The door was still open and a light from the hallway outside still streamed into the room, creating pools of deep shadow.  Megan could sense Tenebrae watching her from one of them, but she couldn’t quite tell what it looked like.


One after the other her other two kidnappers had come into the room, and each had been claimed.  Muffled by the pillow and blanket Megan could still hear the struggling as Tenebrae subdued the bearded man who had asked her to help him find his puppy.  She almost felt sorry for the bearded man when she heard Tenebrae grab him.  Almost.


Finally the last kidnapper entered the room.  Megan could hear her stomping down the hallway, her braying voice demanding to know what the hell they were doing. The woman was quiet for a moment as she tried to make sense of an empty room, then she began to shriek.  Megan guessed that was because Miss Scarelet had grabbed her. It was the only explanation for the sudden thump and the shaking of the bed that came immediately after.  The struggle was brief, fortunately, and Megan was able to emerge from her safe little cocoon before it became too unbearably hot under the pillow and blanket.


“You’ll be home soon, Megan.”  Tenebrae whispered.  “Don’t worry about that.  And guess what?  We’ll be waiting for you when you get there!  Won’t that be nice, Megan?”


With that parting word Tenebrae suddenly departed.  Megan wasn’t sure how Tenebrae moved around, but she could sense when he was and wasn’t there.  And she could sense that the shadow monster had departed for the night taking his prize with him. Cautiously Megan leaned over the edge of the bed and peeked under it.  There was no sign of Miss Scarelet or the kidnapper she had claimed either. Megan didn’t bother to check the closet, she knew it would be empty of both Grabraham and the bearded man.


Not knowing what else to do Megan adjusted her pillow and pulled the covers up to her chin.  Sleep claimed her in less than a minute.  

It was nice to know she had someone looking out for her.  Especially when her parents couldn't be there.
