"There you go, now from under." Martha said to me as she showed me with her needles. "Now do a few rows to get used to it." I struggled with my needles and the tangled mess of my yarn. I couldn't say knitting beanies was my top choice of hobbies but December was coming and the group I attend every thursday evening in the retirement home saw the news special on homeless during Christmas. So here we were sitting in a circle, knitting beanies. Well, they were knitting. I was mostly getting tangled in my own yarn. "I don't think I am progressing." I mumbled as I tried to untie the knot I somehow managed. "Oh, come on, Alex. If us old ladies can do it. So can you, young man." Helen chimed.  "Maybe knitting is just not my-" I gasped at the pain and held my index finger. While struggling with the knot, my needle slipped and I cut my finger with it. "Oh dear, are you alright? We shouldn't have used the sharp needles." Martha tried to get up from her seat. "Ah, don't worry. I think I am fine. It's not bleeding." I said as I noticed the lack of blood. I let go of my finger to see the cut but froze at the sight. The cut was filled with black ooze. Was this my blood? I thought I was a good person, I cared about people around me, I tried to be kind and accepting. Have I failed? "You okay, dear?" Martha's worried voice pulled me out of my trance. I lifted my head to see all the elderly looking at me. They probably guessed why was I staring at the cut. We all knew of people with black blood. My face got red from shame. "I am sorry. I have to go." I said as I grabbed my bag and sat up. "Okay honey, see you next week." Helen said silently. I kept my head low as I passed the nurse. I was scared of what she might say. 

I clutched my finger to my chest and kept my head low all the way home. People were not as forgiving as Helen or the nurse. Some thought it was their duty as a citizen to punish the evil. I rushed through the stairs of my apartment hastily unlocked the door and went in. My breath got faster as I rushed to the bathroom and washed my hands. I covered my hand with a paper towel from the kitchen and applied pressure. My head was spinning from panic and I was hyperventilating. I turned on the TV just to have some white noise, chugged a cup of water and leaned on the kitchen counter. "Heavy rains of the week took a break as of 10am this morning. Next week will be dry and chilly as the city prepares for the first snow of the season. Enjoy your evening with a walk outside while the clouds clear up!" Weather mans voice felt mocking. I closed my eyes and took deep breaths. All was not lost. They always said it wasn't permenant, you could fix it by becoming better, by changing your ways. It would take time but it would change. Clear blood is not an option once you get to the other extreme but you can lighten it. If you change, that is. I just had to find where I went wrong. Have I not helped enough? Has been the new console I bought too much of a luxury? I thought I gave enough to charity. No these could not be it. I looked at my slowly healing cut covered in crusty black ooze. You don't get this by tiny mistakes. But I have not hurt anyone. Have I? I mean-

I jumped to the sound of the door being unlocked. "Alex? It's only 6pm. I thought you had the retirement house today." the intruder said. "I...Had to leave early. I wasn't feeling well."  I said as I turned to face my roommate. "Everything alright boy scout? Did you catch a cold? I thought your pure blood gives you wolverine metabolism." my roommate asked jokingly. He looked ragged. His hair was a mess. His lip was cut and the black ooze was smeared on his chin. He had another cut on his forearm and he was limping. He was drenched, there was a puddle of water where he stood. "Jesus, what happened to you? Did you get into a fight again? ". I asked as I rushed to him with some paper towels. "Something like that." he answered, looking away. He flinched as I pressed the stack of paper towels on his arm. They got soaked quickly. "Why are you all wet?" I asked as I took off his soaked coat. "I got caught in the rain." he grumbled as he limped to the bathroom. I walked towards the window and looked at the sky. No clouds at sight. I looked down at the pavement, it was dry. My jaw clenched as I stared at the wet coat in my hands. "Benny." I called loudly, trying to hide the horror in my voice. I didn't get an answer, the shower was running. I threw the coat in my hands on the floor. I ran to the kitchen sink and scrubbed my hands with the detergent as I gagged. I scrubbed for 10 minutes as I tried to keep my stomachs contents inside. I turned around to the foot steps. I was covered in sweat and I was hyperventilating for the second time today. Benny returned in dry clothes with a mop and a trash bag. His eyes were on the floor. He silently put the coat in the trash bag and put the bag by the door. He mopped the floor without a single word and went back to the bathroom. He didn't lift his head from the floor once. I pulled out my phone, typed 911 and.. stared at the screen. My thumb hovered over the call button but it was frozen. "I can go to the police myself." Benny said few steps away from me. I flinched and dropped the phone. "Fuck, Jesus. Benny. " I muttered. "I can go. If you want." he said staring at me with cold eyes. "You are still covered in scars and your blood shows. They will kill you before you get to the station." I reasoned not knowing why I did. "Probably." he said in the same emotionless tone. I looked at the gash on his forearm. It was covered in ooze. It seemed a little lighter but it could be just my imagination. I nodded towards the scar. "So this is why you're like this." I claimed. Benny stayed silent as he looked at his arm. "How long has this been going on?" I questioned. He looked at me, then back to his arm. His eyes fell on my left hand, where my cut finger was. "I think you know." he answered. "My blood was the same back when you took me in." he asserted, staring at me , eyes still glacial. My brows furrowed. "I would have never guessed-" "Oh, but you did." he challenged. His eyes fell on my finger again. I sighed. "I just didn't want you to get lynched, Benny. I still don't. I hope you have the same sentiment for me." I explained as I put my hand on his shoulder with caution. He stared at my hand for a minute with clenched fists. He relaxed with a sigh. "I can go." he repeated. "To the police." he mumbled. I lifted my left hand to show the cut. "That won't help." I said with a tight smile. His eyes filled with rage and his fists got tight "What will then?" he questioned. I patted his shoulder and sighed.

"You have to stop getting caught in the rain."