"Captain, I think this was a bad idea."

As if in response the best ship under the high seas, my ship, *The Kestrel* shook violently as it was struck with a few pellets that managed to make it past the point defense systems. 

In front of us the HUD showed empty seabed under us. Apparently they'd once been filled with water, hundreds of years ago. There was nothing but air between us and space. I'd think it was a fairy tale if it weren't for the pictures. I tried to picture the mass of water we were flying under below us. How would people survive? Wouldn't accidentally looking at the sun burn their eyes out? I shook myself and focused on the matter at hand. Impending doom and all that.  

"You know, Dave," I said to the lanky black haired 20 year-old, "I don't recall you having any reservations when we were robbing their Needle dry." 

Dave just looked confused "Needle?"

Marya let out a peal of laughter from her console. I scowled at her. "Maybe if you actually concentrate on the point defense systems we won't get hit again eh?" 

The red haired woman got her laughter under control - barely - and went back to focusing on her computer. I massaged my temples. I was beginning to think this was a mistake. This was his first voyage with us, but how fresh could this kid be?

James, the last final crew member - a short stocky man and the best engineer under the high seas actually answered him. "It's the thing we robbed, Dave," he said with infinite patience. "It's a tower that's narrow when in the air, and widens into a platform when it hits the water above." 

"Oh! We call 'em nails, for the flat tops, see." 

"Well, you're them needles from now, gotcha?" I snapped at him as the ship shook again. 

"Marya!" I shouted. 

"Sorry, cap'n, those bastards have got small caliber rounds. They don't hurt but there's a shit ton of em. Point defense having trouble keeping up." 

"Projectile weapons Marya?"

"Aye, aye Cap'n," she responded with a giggle. I rolled my eyes but couldn't help but smile.

Dave looked aghast. "Captain, err, no disrespect meant, but we are about to be shot down." 

I ignored him. "James, prepare to dive."

"Already done, captain," James responded, not a drop of pride in his voice. 

I blinked. "Well done. Alright then. Dive!"

Dave looked confused. "Err, dive captain?"

Marya looked up from her computer. "Where do you find these people, cap'n?" 

"Shut up, Marya," I said without rancor. "You'll see, kid." 

The Kestrel tucked in its wings and for a terrifying second we began to fall. 

"Thrust!" I shouted, and at my command James pressed a button while Marya burst into another peal of laughter. 

I rolled my eyes. "Grow up, Marya. It was funny the first hundred times."    

"It's just you being a woman, cap'n, that's what really makes it." 

I was spared from answering as the *Kestrel* entered the water. Marya and James were belted and didn't move, and I'd made the dive hundreds of times. I barely moved at the sudden change in speed as we entered the water. Dave of course, was hurled against the wall. 

"Their weapons are useless, Cap'n" Marya said. I breathed a sigh of relief. Traditional air based weapons were no use in the ocean. We'd go up a bit deeper and lose our pursuers in the waters.

"Captain, incoming submarines," James said calmly. 

I swore. "Damn, these guys are persistent, or you know, idiots."

"I'm leaning towards the latter, Captain," James said with a rare smile. 

"Slow us down, James, let them get closer." 

Dave had managed to get to his feet at this point. "L...let them get closer? Why?"

"Can I gag him, Cap'n?"

I actually considered it for a moment. I had to admit, there was a certain comedic value Dave brought. I was spared from answering again when James called. "Bogeys closing in. 2 kilometers. They're firing torpedoes."

"Marya." 

"On it, Cap'n. Torpedoes are easy."

I nodded. Despite her antics, when Marya said she'd take care of something, she'd do it or die trying. And the fact that she was still here spoke volumes about her. 

"Keep me posted, James."

"1.5 km" James said. 

"We're going to die," Dave said. 

"Torpedoes taken out, Cap'n," Marya said with a whoop.

"They're reloading," James called. "Now at 1 km."

"On my mark, Marya, ready to deploy impulse missiles?"

Marya turned to me with a smile. "Oh that is devious, Cap'n"

I couldn't help but smile back. "I try."

"Half a kilometer, they'll fire again soon."

"Now!" I said. 

"Deployed!" Marya called and the HUD switched to a rear-view camera. The two missiles headed towards the two tube-like submarines. Because of how close they were their point defense was useless. The missiles detonated about ten feet above them. There was no explosion, but instead a shockwave. The two submarines were pushed down and out of the water. 

It was a long fall. 

There was a thud. Next to me poor Dave had fainted.   

"Another successful heist, everyone," I said. 

"Hardly a heist, Cap'n. The most exciting part was Dave to be honest. Those guys were idiots. Who pilots subs that low to the ocean floor?"

James snorted at that. "So where to?" 

I thought for a moment. "International Space Station. We'll ascend. We probably want to lay high for a bit, stay out of the air for a couple of days." 

James nodded and began to manipulate the controls. Suddenly, however, the ship lurched as a wave crashed into us. 

All of us turned towards the HUD to see a massive blue whale, twice the size of the Kestrel skim the floor of the water, caught in the precipice between the mysterious force that kept water up and gravity. 

Some lunatic, bless his soul, had brought the whales up here, and they thrived in the high seas. 

In a way, so did we. 

***

(minor edits)

If you enjoyed check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)


 