I was sitting in my one bedroom, one bathroom apartment, which happens to smell like cat shit. I'm not normally this sloppy, really, but who wants to take out the cat litter when the world's about to end. Not just the world, but my entire race. 

The rushed Hercules mission to transport fifteen thousand people failed. The gravitational disturbances caused by Michael, the rogue planet currently setting about extinguishing me, my race and my world, threw off the delta-v projections of Hercules I and 15,000 people are now slowly starving to just outside the asteroid belt.

I wish my cat would shut up, there's a lot of geological activity right now, and she's losing her mind. Mid-reach for more whiskey, my cat stops mid-meow, the red-faced televangelist who is now on every channel, stops mid-amen. Everything is silent now, the glowing vortex of dust that usually swirls around in the late afternoon light stops.

I get up and look outside, I can see what's going on but it's impossible, but it's obviously not impossible, yet it should be. Racing out of my front door, All cars in the street below are still. The postman's paper is stationary on it's trip to the ground. 

I look down at my hands, why am I not a still, frozen statue? Monospaced script flows along the meat of my thumb 'Save us, take as much time as you need'. 

What? Whatever, not the biggest issue here. I spend the rest of the afternoon walking around, except I don't know when the afternoon ends. When does this end? How do I save the human race from a fucking planet? I take advantage of the time to catch up on reading, for about 30 sleeps. It was nice, I went and took food from the store whenever I needed it. Other than that I just spent time playing chess against myself. 

After about a thousand sleeps I start getting lonely, hell I'd take that televangelist at this point. Every day I see him on the frozen television with his arm raised above his head, finger pointed at the sky as if accusing Michael. There's bits of spittle flying out of his mouth. He's doesn't seem like a pleasant guy. 

After 2000 sleeps I decide to work on how to 'save us', but how? How do I move or destroy a planet? Maybe I can move us? I mean there's Mars, other than being uninhabitable, it's definitely not about to be smashed by a rogue planet. Let's do that. 

For the next 3174 sleeps I work on rocket science, and astrodynamics. The problem with that is that the internet doesn't work. So I have to find books. Fortunately there's a crazy Swedish foundation that keeps the entire internet in print. So a boat trip to Sweden (54 Sleeps) I could finally get cracking on studying. 18000 sleeps later, I've copied the Hercules I perfectly. 2000 sleeps later it's launch day. 690 sleeps, insertion into Mars orbit. 750 All Colonists landed on martian surface, inflatable hab modules set up. As I turn on the last oxygen generator, I feel a sense of ceremony, I can FINALLY get my life back. I moved the Televangelist next to me to catch the second half of that amen. I flip the switch. Nothing, why isn't the baptist screaming "MEN" in my face? What is this?!

I head back to Sweden to figure out how to destroy a planet. 