Every living being lived in fear of the sky ocean falling… every being but one.

 

Several months earlier Tabitha had been idally watching the raindrops fall on the windows of her kindergarten classroom. She had watched the drops racing down the pane and had listened to her teachers singing songs about rain, rain go away, come again another day.

 

Tabitha was special, no-one else knew, but she was special. She had been secretly practicing with what she called her mind fingers. At first it was simple things; pushing the ball when it was just milimeters from her fingers, or pulling that spoon that was just out of reach into her hand. Now listening to the teachers she wanted to try something new.

 

She picked two drops that were racing down the window she traced one with her finger and began to concentrate hard on it, talking to the drop with her mind. “Hello friend, up you go, up you go little raindrop” and as she traced her fingers upwards towards the ceiling, slowly the raindrop paused and went into reverse, travelling against gravity upwards in the very direction the young girl had asked it to go. She picked more drops and asked them to move up to, it was very pretty the drops racing up the window.

 

She started to join in with the rest of the class singing the song “rain rain go away” and suddenly all drops were stopping and going back into the air, “what a pretty puddle” thought Tabitha as they coalesced under the clouds forming a slick surface in the sky. “My pretty little ocean.”

 

Tabitha was in first grade now and had to do more serious work. The teacher told the class that crops were dying from lack of rain and scientists were sending sky submarines into the skyocean to explore and try to make thing normal again. Tabitha was sad she hadn’t meant to break things, she just liked the rain to be in the sky. She started to cry. As she did rain drops slowly started to hit the window pane, drip, drip, pitter, patter, the sky was crying. Softly and gently the rains had returned. People rushed out into the streets looking up tasting the rain and laughing.  Over the next few days the sky ocean emptied with only minor flooding.

 

Tabitha smiled when the teacher told her the crops would be growing again, the smile beamed across her face like the rainbow that had appeared outside, a big beaming rainbow laughing in the sky.
