"Did you see Ronaldo's goal yesterday? Amazing finish, wouldn't you say?" We were all standing in the small coffee room, feeling the warmth of the cups in our hands. Except Otto, he doesn't drink coffee.
Jane sighs. "Can't we have a break without you guys talking about football?"

"Huuu! huu huuu Huuwalwo weeeight woooal, wut Hessi hhussss weher huayer", Otto said.

"I agree with you there, Otto", I pretend to nonchalantly understand precisely what they said.

Mark, our boss, tries his best to get into the conversation. "Yeah, Messi just has a natural talent. Ronaldo has the work rate... I don't know. Think about it, who do you think you'd prefer to have as an employee?" He doesn't know much about football, so he always comes with a way to insert the work environment into this topic.

I ignored him. "Do you play, Otto? We need some fresh legs in our company team. We're missing a good striker and you seem to have the stature for it."

"Hu-hu. Huurt wu weg iih a har haaccihent." Otto says, one of his paws rubbing what is obviously another otter's head.

----

You see, Otto is what appears to be a big amount of otters all stuck together in a trenchcoat. Weird? Yes, very much so. But what worries me the most is that no one seems to notice. I've been trying to strike a conversation with them every time I can, but there's always someone around, breaking the flow. 

I tried to ask for hobbies, but he just mentioned canoeing with his family. When tossing suggestions around for where to have lunch, his excitement was only displayed when sushi was mentioned. That, combined with the pointy teeth and expressionless eyes was what made me suspicious.

----

Later I asked Jane about Otto. "Well, he seems like a great guy. You know that problem I had with Gerald's account? I banged my head for three days trying to solve it." I nod as if I know who Gerald is. "Otto just got here today and he fixed it! Just looked at it and a few minutes later pointed me out where I was making an error and guided me through the process. Great teacher, also."

"But... don't you see that he is-"

Jane lowered her head, looking around, preparing to tell me something confidential. "I see you talking with him... can you check if he's single? A good friend of mine would just love him. I mean, who wouldn't, with that physique..."

----

12:30:15 Me: Carl, you there?

12:45:40 Carl: Yeah, sorry. was helping the new guy with the printer access

12:46:14 Me: Good, that's who I want to talk to you about

12:46:56 Carl: Er... ok. Why

12:47:38 Me: Well... don't you notice anything odd about him?

12:48:20 Carl: The limp?

12:48:40 Me: Of course he limps. He's a trenchcoat filled with otters!!!1!!

13:00:46 Carl: Sorry, had to leave for a while. I'm not familiar with that expression.

13:01:18 Me: It's not an expression! It's a fact!

13:01:20 Carl: Otto just gave me tickets for the Super Furry Animals concert this weekend! So cool! He says he'll go on a trip with the family so he doesn't need them anymore. Didn't want money or anything... I like this guy!

13:02:30 Me: You mean _guys_.

13:02:50 Carl: Hmm?

13:03:03 Me: Nevermind...

-----

Mike reclined in his chair, listening to me with increasingly narrow eyes. At the first mention of Otto he lifted a finger, opened a drawer and fidgeted inside it for a bit. "Proceed, he said".

"I think Otto is a trenchcoat filled with otters", I blurted.

"Okay... so how does that work?", he asked with what seemed genuine curiosity.

"Hmm... It shouldn't, actually. But I guess there are two or four otters doing the legs... the same for the arms, I would think..." I trailed off, thinking of the possible arrangements.

"I see". He leans forward, eyes opening a bit more but not moving away from me. He presses a button on his desk. "Jane, can you come in for a second? And bring Otto with you, please."

"What?" I panicked, forcing myself against the chair, as if I could somehow melt into it and avoid the possible embarrassment that may surely follow.

Jane comes in and, sure enough, there is Otto. One foot got left behind, exposing two small furry legs that come out through one of the pants' legs.

Mike finally looks away from me. "Jane. Mr. K is saying that Otto is a group of otters inside a trenchcoat. Do you confirm that?"

Jane looks at me, concern in her eyes. Otto looks at all three of us with his beady eyes, head moving from one to the other fast, uncomprehending.

I try to save face. "No. Otto! Ahah... Don't you guys know the expression 'like a bunch of otters in a trenchcoat'? It's when someone works like he has the intelligence of several people. Like someone that ends up doing the work that should be assigned to several positions... Ahah. Don't you guys know that?"

Mike clicks with his tongue. "Look, K... you know we can't let you go, but we'll have to send a report back to your tutor."

"What do you mean?" I have the sudden feeling that I'm the one in the wrong here. As if I can possibly be the standout in a room in which one of the occupants is a trenchcoat full of otters!

"What is my last name?", Jane asks.

"Hmm, Vespa? Jane Vespa, I think."

"Correct. On my first day here you started screaming and running around the office saying that there was a swarm of wasps asking you for their mail."

"I don't... I don't remember that..."

Mike fidgeted in the drawer again and brought out an old school tape player. He pressed play and I listened with growing panic at my own screaming voice, blabbing about wasps and working conditions and...

"Is this true?" I ask Mike.

"You did the same with Carl Toro and you bit Kevin Melon on their first day of work." Mike nods. "You've been here with us for 20 years now. And we're happy with your work. So don't worry about that. But your treatment needs to kick up a notch."

"My treatment?" I say confusingly.

"You tend to forget where you come from when you're in this state. The therapist told us to just be frontal with you and to just explain the situation you're in. You're a resident at the psychiatric hospital down the road. One day you escaped here and started sorting mail like a pro, made a great job out of it and we asked if you could work here. They thought a friendly working environment might be good for you, so here you are."

They were right. It all comes back to me. The head injury when I was 18... diagnosed with a dissociation condition that makes me see the concepts that are mentioned to me. So when people introduce themselves to me, my brain picks up on the object that it associates with and just rides with that. Otto... otters... it makes sense now.

I stand up, nodding and proceed to apologize to Otto. "Sorry, man... must have been a really weird first day for you..."

He lifts his paws in the gesture of someone that doesn't even want to hear about it, it's already in the past.

"When does it wear off?", I ask, not remembering how long it takes for clarity to set in. Those confusing moments get lost somehow.

"What do you mean?", Mike asks, eyes narrowing again.

"I mean, when do I start seeing Otto normally? I want to shake his hand and get to know the face of our new colleague." I said with a smile on my face. It's nice to have a new colleague that likes to talk about football and that he's actually not a trenchcoat full of otters.

"Er...", Mike looks at Otto and back at me, "... usually it wears off as soon as you know the truth... unless..."

At this, Otto explodes into _oh-god-they-are-so-many_ otters, the trenchcoat flying into Mike's face, the first three in the group forming an otter tower to open the door, most of them running out of the office in a hurry. Only the head lingered behind for a few seconds...

"Huwee ahwmost hade it... Hunn hday hu'll hnow hhe hower hof the hotter! Huck huu, huutherhucker!"

In the middle of all this I just think _Now who am I going to talk about football with_?.

And like this, during that thought, they left us. 