Wind whistled across the waters surrounding Ellis island, cutting rivulets into the ripples just as the thousands of immigrant ships had done before.  It was quiet, as quiet as could be expected in such close proximity to a city so large, a thick fog serving to help muffle both sound and sight in the early eyes of the morning.  In the distance, skyscrapers leaned in over the water, like children over a koi pond, waiting, waiting for movement.  

And in the shrouded darkness of that night, there was a movement that might have been missed on the sunniest of days, or mislabeled as a heat wave.  A slieving of fabric, the tiniest twitch in The Lady's gown, similar to how a mare's skin might jostle under a fly.  For a moment, all who watched held their breath- not men, but the fish whose unblinking eyes stared above.  The stars who turned their attention from celestial delights down to earth for the first time in centuries.  And the birds that suddenly fluttered away from every nook and cranny where they had slept among the statue, not daring to break the silence with song, their wings the only sign of their presence.  

And reaching a tired hand to  her brow, the statue wiped away centuries of rust, exposing the blood red copper underneath.  And it frowned as it saw the green powder trickle down to the water- had it really been *that long* since it had last cleaned itself?  Since it had last looked at itself in the mirror?

Dismantling from the podium, she stepped down into the water, the waves crashing about her knees.  And she spoke, her voice low, her words powerful, her expression sleepy.

"Oh a deep night it's been, what a time to awake.  But merely a day has passed since beginning my slumber.  A wondrous place to lay my head, though I always was jostled so.  A fitful sleep, but a refreshing one."

She stretched, yawning, and waded deeper in the water.

"For freedom wakes and sleeps, the times come and go. But what is freedom if it's not fighting?  And who, here, could I fight for?  Who could I champion?"

She took another step, now up to her chest, holding the torch high.

"Perhaps it's time for another stepping stone.  A new place, a new land.  An escape from empires, from tyrants, from chains, from burdens, from corruption, from deceit.  Perhaps the water has grown lukewarm around me, perhaps it is time to reach new heights."

In her hand, the torch ignited, as bright as a miniature sun.  And the statue began to swim, holding the torch high above water, the beacon getting smaller and smaller as it departed from Ellis Island.  And from the shore, it seemed to eventually mingle with the stars on the horizon, transitioning into one of their pinpricks of light.  Until far away, just when it was near indistinguishable, it merged with  another.  A red one, that had been waiting.

***

By Leo

Like my writing?  [Click here for a link to my free horror anthology.](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/5un5mt/tales_of_the_sinister_my_12_story_horror/)