“Justice is just another person’s view on what is right”


The world according to the people who rule us, is nothing like the way the world should be.  I know this more than those who were voted into positions of power. Yet it is they who now hunt me down, treating me like nothing more than a common criminal. It’s pathetic how they just keep trying to capture me. Me who not more than a month ago was protecting their city. 

A month ago…

“Spiral!” I heard the scream come from across the street, I was currently walking around as my secret identity. But I knew that I needed to help these people out. Quickly I ran to the aid of the woman, barely recognizable as nothing more than a blur. I grabbed the purse snatcher, returned the purse, and resumed on my way. 

“A robbery in progress, please all units respond, subject is armed and extremely dangerous” the radio chatter goes on to describe the suspect. I slip down the alley intersecting the markets and the business district. My street clothes neatly packed away into my pack. I race toward the bank which took around ten seconds thanks to my gift of speed. Within the time frame I also checked to ensure the subject was still inside. 

A loud noise rings from the bank, the subject had fired his gun. “Great...” I mumbled under my breath. The moment a gun goes off all the officers become enraged and tend to make stupid decisions. Now having less time than desired I went into hyper mode. Step one was the simplest of all, make sure any all hostages were rescued. As simple as it was, it was annoyingly hard, depending on the day I would have to rescue anywhere between sixty to hundred men, women, and children. 

With the hostages rescued, it was time to take care of the subject. I stand before the man hand in the air. “Who the fuck are you!” the man shouts at me. His gun quivering, his nerves were clearly frayed. This meant that more than likely tonight I was going to get shot. I hated getting shot, it was annoyingly inconvenient. “Answer me asshole!”

“I’m Spiral, hero of this city” I reply in the most calming voice that I was able to manage. Hands still in the air as I calmly approach the subject. “Is there any chance of this ending without me getting shot?” my voice remaining calm as I continue to approach him. Within this range, the chances of being shot were almost completely gone. Which for me was good, but that didn’t make the situation any less frustrating. In fact, at this distance I could disarm the subject, and subdue him within a matter of moments. However, due the police officers placing more stringent restrictions on what I was able to do. I could only at best disarm the man and call for back-up.

“I told you my name, would be so kind as to tell me your name?” I ask standing my ground at this point. “Jimmy, my name is Jimmy” he replies placing both hands on his gun. This man was going to shoot me at any moment now unless I did something. “Well Jimmy, you know that you shouldn’t do this right?” my voice calming and soothing as I check to make sure that he wasn’t going to do anything stupid at this point. 

“I needed the money, the bank was foreclosing on my home, and my wife just left me. I ran out of options, there wasn’t anything else that I could do!” the man falls down in tears in front of me. “I didn’t even want to take these hostages. I knew most of them, some were even my friends” he just falls apart at the seams at this point. I walk in front of him and sit by his side.

“I get it man, here just hand me that gun and we’ll both just walk out of here unharmed.” I extend my hand to accept the gun. Jimmy places the gun in my hand. I toss it away from the two of us. “That’s a good guy Jimmy. Now let’s just walk out of here” he nods glumly as we both just walk out of the bank. I hand him over to the police. 

“You brained the guy didn’t you!” the captain yells at me. “I told you before! You can’t just go around fucking with peoples free will!” he was red in the face screaming about how it was wrong for me to do such things. How human’s had freedom to do what they wanted. That if I wasn’t so useful to the city they would just treat me like a criminal. 

“Fine, you think your way is so much better than mine. Do it your way!” I shout and slam the captains door behind me. Little did I know that doing so pretty much just signed my own bounty. But then again hindsight it twenty-twenty. 

Current time…

“We found him!” the officers who were pursuing me shouted to the gang of city-folk who were following them. They all ganged up on me, as I was currently cornered by a group of money crazed civilians who were just after a quick buck. Unfortunately for me, I can only control one person at a time. Making this situation less than ideal. 

“Hey guys, let’s just talk this over.” I say quietly trying to set up a situation in which I could easily escape. No such luck, oh well I’ll see what happens after this. I already knew about bounty on my head. It was plastered on every single news outlet, post office, bounty board, and newspaper. 

“Spiral, you are charged with robbing men of free will, obstruction of justice, robbery, destruction of property, vigilantism, and murder. How do you plea?” the man who was my judge asks pointing the gavel at me. 

“I plead guilty, this way I can just get away from this cesspool” I quip and just walk away from the courtroom. A guard reaches to stop me from walking out. I look into his eyes wondering why these guys weren’t wearing reflective goggles. “You want to let me go, and you want to stop anyone from pursuing me” the man salutes me and stands guard behind me. 

“You guys think I’m a bad guy, fine then. I’ll usurp your alleged utopia. I’ll reveal the darkness in your hearts. I’ll become your worst nightmare. You thought I was dangerous as a protector? You’ll all hate me now as the villain of your stories.”

