“Darling, could you come downstairs?”

“What is it now?” I asked, sloppily descending to the first floor, rubbing my eyes.

My father was pacing in the living room, going circles around the coffee table that held a stack of newspapers, a bowl of fruits, and a fruit knife. He was clearly nervous. His green eyes were surrounded by dark circles, and his brown hair was a mess, sticking out to every possible direction.

“You know, you could’ve let me sleep a little more”, I said and yawned. “After all, it’s my 18th birthday.”

“Yes, sorry about that”, he said, not even looking at me.

I tilted my head slightly. “Alright, what’s wrong? Did you have another fight with mom?”

“No”, my father replied. “At least not yet”, he added, mumbling to himself.

“What was that?”

“Oh, nothing, dear.” He stopped and shook his head. “Okay, sit down. There’s something I need to tell you.”

I sat down on a couch, and my father remained standing in front of me. He didn’t even look at me as he gathered his thoughts, carefully choosing the right words. I tapped the armrest with my fingers as I waited, but eventually, my patience ran dry.

“Are you trying to say that I’m adopted?” I asked.

“What?” he yelped. “Heavens, no!”

“Then what’s the matter with you? What is so important that you had to wake me up at seven? On Sunday, *on my birthday*, for crying out loud!”

“Well, the thing is-“

A firm knock on the front door interrupted my father. He nearly jumped in the air from surprise. Then, he just quivered there, looking at the door in a mixture of terror and anticipation.

“Should I get it?” I asked.

“No, it’s fine. I’ll get it.” He cautiously sneaked to the door and peered through the peephole. I watched his strange behavior silently, half-amused, half-annoyed. Finally, he opened the door.

“Is this the residence of the one named Katherine Bonhomme?” a deep male voice asked as soon as the door was completely open. It sounded like a silent hush, but at the same time, it had the power of a cannon behind it, and it drained the joy and energy from the room in an instant. I was surprised, partly from the peculiar voice of the person, partly because he had said my name.

“Yes, come on in”, my father said and made way for the comer. His voice trembled, and I could see a few sweat drops on his forehead.

A tall, lanky man dressed in a dark robe entered our house. His face was hidden under a deep hood, but I was certain he was looking at me. He came to the living room; it seemed that he was floating just above the floor instead of walking. Once he was right next to the coffee table, he just stood still, towering over me, watching me silently.

“I must say, you’re not really what I expected”, my father said nervously. “Um, can I get you anything?”

The robed man said nothing. My father scratched the back of his head, unable to break the silence that loomed over us.

“Who’s that?” a feminine voice suddenly asked.

I glanced at the staircase and saw my mother coming down. She was still in her morning gown, and her blonde hair was uncombed. A reek of alcohol followed her as she stumbled down the stairs.

“Oh, honey, I can explain”, my father started. “He’s-“

“Have you already forgotten who we are, Emily Reese?” the mysterious man boomed over my father.

My mother stopped on her tracks right at the bottom of the stairs. For a moment, her face was puzzled, but then a sudden clarity hit her. “So, you came”, she said grimly.

“Wait, what do you mean?” my father asked, looking at my mother and the stranger one at a time. “You know him?”

“Silence, you foolish mortal!” the hooded man ordered, his voice shaking the whole house. “Our business does not concern you.”

“But I made a deal with you guys!” my father objected.

“What are you talking about?” my mother asked. “It was *me* who made a deal with them.”

“Okay, can someone explain what is going on?” I asked.

Before anyone could offer an explanation, a beam of blinding light came through the roof, accompanied by a choir of heavenly chanting that reverberated in the air as if we had been in a chapel. A creature of flashing purity descended from the heavens to the room, and just like that, the light and the chanting disappeared. Before us stood a beautiful woman with white robes and angelic wings. We all were quiet, dazzled by her appearance.

“Hear me, mortals!” she spoke, her voice enchanting and full of life, a complete opposite to the voice of the robed man. “I have come to collect the one called Katherine Bonhomme in lieu of the ones you call Gods. By the contract signed by Martin Bonhomme, Katherine’s soul belongs to us!” She paused and looked at the man who had come before her. “What are you doing here, creature of damnation?” she asked, her formerly beautiful voice full of hatred and disgust.

The man lowered his hood, revealing ashen skin disfigured by veins that glowed with the colors of molten metal. He was completely bald, and his eyes were charcoal black. “The mother had signed a contract with us, giving her firstborn’s soul to us”, he said with a voice that held deep malice within it. “As she is of age today, I have come to collect her soul on behalf of the Dark Ones.”

A threatening silence fell over the room as the two strange persons glared at each other. My parents glanced at each other, my mother’s gaze demanding an explanation, my father looking scared and shrugging.

“Can someone explain what the fuck is going on?” I blurted, and everyone turned to look at me.

My father rubbed the back of his head again. “Well, you see, long before I even met your mother, I made a deal with these things calling themselves Gods. In exchange for power, I was to give my firstborn to them.”

“Power? What power?” I demanded.

“Well, social power”, my father explained. “Economical. Political.”

“Okay”, I muttered, still confused. “And you, mother? I see you decided to give my soul to those… demons. What did you get out of it?”

“First of all, we’re not demons”, the man started.

“Zip it!” I shouted, and he closed his mouth. “Talk”, I ordered my mother.

“They gave me enough courage to stand up to myself”, she said proudly.

“Really?” I asked and laughed. “Those things, whatever they are, are obviously not of this world, and you asked them for courage?”

“Yes”, my mother said, looking embarrassed for the first time that I remember.

“So, moving on: What the fuck are you?” I asked the two strangers.

“We are the otherworldly beings you call Gods”, the woman started, “the ones who came before this world, who rule in the beyond, who-“

“Alright, that’s enough”, I said, waving my hand dismissively, and looked at the ashen man. “And you?”

“We are the creatures of damnation, the scar in the fabric of reality, the scourge of this world. We gnaw at the back of your head, whispering of death and-“

“Yeah, I get it. Demons.”

“We are *not* demons!” the man shouted.

“I don’t care!” I shouted back.

“The insolence”, the woman said and snorted.

“What should we do?” the man asked and turned to the woman. “We both have a contract for her soul, but only one of us can have it.”

“Maybe joint custody?” I joked.

The woman glared at me. “Perhaps we should have a duel”, she said to him.

“And the winner takes her soul”, he said, and a large sword materialized from dark flames in his right hand.

“Indeed”, she concluded, summoning a lance of lightning from thin air. “Prepare yourself, creature of night”, she said and charged at him.

“Hold on!” I said. The woman and the man halted and turned to look at me. “I never asked for this.”

“What?” the man growled. “We do not need your permission. We are beyond the laws of this world, beyond the understanding of your simple mind. You have no authority over us!”

“You’ll listen to me, or I’ll kill myself”, I said and grabbed the fruit knife from the coffee table, putting its edge to my throat.

“Stop!” the woman yelped and immediately covered her mouth afterwards. The man was grimacing next to her, but he didn’t move.

“So, based on your reactions, if I kill myself, neither of you get my soul, am I right?” I said.

“But you do realize that we can’t leave here until this matter is resolved?” the man said.

“Well, how about a competition?”

The two of them glanced at each other. “What do you suggest?” the woman asked.

“If I win, I get to keep my soul. If I lose, the one who defeated me gets my souls.”

The woman groaned, and the man rubbed his chin in thought. Finally, they both nodded.

“But we will choose the competition”, the man said, and the woman agreed.

“We’ll see about that”, I replied, smiling.
