I remember my very first kill.  It was over 2,000 years ago now.  I was already 1,000 years old at that point.  

When you have all the time in the world, what would you do to quench the boredom?  After you have seen all of the natural wonders of the world?  After you have seen countless kingdoms, governments, and countries rise up to power, just to fall flat on their face?

What would you do to stop the boredom?

My story is a simple one.  I wander like a nomad with no home.  If I stay in one spot for too long, the boredom comes knocking on the door of my mind.  After I had wandered around the world for the umpteenth time, I settled in a monastery to become "enlightened".  Let's just say, it wasn't for me.  The whole *vow of silence* and meditation stuff...  I could only stand it for so long.  Drove me insane.  Those poor monks, they never knew what a beast could do when he gets bored... I didn't either until that day.  

After the monastery was stained in blood.  I had a new goal.  It was such a thrill to kill, to watch others as their eyes realize they are witnessing the last scene they will ever see.  

My goal was to simply become the grim reaper of sorts.  It's good to have a goal, it keeps the boredom at bay.  As an added perk, when you become skilled enough, you start to earn a repertoire.  Newspapers start to give you fancy titles.  *"Angel of Death."  "God's Judgement."  "The Blood Monger."*

Sometimes, though, you just need a break from the action.  Prison's are a good place for this, as long as you keep your cool about it.  

First, you have to get caught.  You can either make them work for it or just turn yourself in.  Turning yourself in is boring.  If you want some excitement, don't turn yourself in.  Let them squirm for a bit, dance them along with your puppet strings, helping them find the clues you left on purpose.  Who knows, maybe they will find something you left on accident to help you improve next time.  As an immortal, there is always a next time.

A life sentence is a bit difficult to fulfill if your life never ends.  I'm just grateful the judge didn't give me the death penalty.  Imagine those people's faces, they administer a lethal injection, and I just sit there as if I received a flu vaccine.  

I'm getting a bit concerned though, I've been here for a while.  People are starting to stare at me, wondering why my jet black hair isn't turning gray.  Poor soul in the cell next to mine is looking more and more frail with each passing day.  

The boredom is also starting to settle in.  I wonder how many prisoners I can convince to riot?  I wonder if there is a way to get on the good sides of the guards?  I don't really care what the others think, I've got all the time in the world to break out.  I just need to assemble my pawns, so that someday in the near future, the headlines will read *"The Shadow of Death is upon us again."*  

The boredom is calling to me... I think it's time to leave this place for good.