"It's been a relaxing few days."

Death thought to itself. He was absolutely overloaded with work a few years ago, but now? Now work has been the slowest its been since the very early days, when humanity was starting up and God hadn't grown bored of them yet.

Boredom. Now that is a word that used to have no meaning to him. As he walked around what remained on earth, taking the occasional animal while kicking the surviving cats, who he particularly disliked, he started to think about what he could do with all the free time he had now. He could just take the job opportunity Satan gave to him and torture the souls of the departed, exploiting their latent fear of them, and he could use his affinity for theatrics there.

After all, Satan has been pestering him since college about joining his little venture, but Death had no interest on it. He instead took into a more neutral job, taking souls to their rightful place. All he had to do was give them a little push and they'll be on their way. It was an easy job, it was a fun job. All he had to do was travel around and meet them. Anyone could do it, but he was the best at it. Maybe it was his professionalism or his discretion, but he was feared and respected in equal measures. He was constantly told to take pride on his job, but at the end of the day, he just liked it.

He stopped and look at his list. Yes, this was the place. The last remnant of humanity. They should have died long ago, but Death usually liked to leave everything for the last possible second. He inspected the dark room where the last few survivors lived. Just a few dozens of them. Death was tasked to let them go, it was finally their time.

He suddenly felt a hint of nostalgia. Ah, humans. They really liked to put up a fight. His best costumers and his best providers. Some dedicated their lives to provide to him, others to keep him away for as long as, well, humanly possible. They always made a mess of his work. Pushing timelines, causing overwork, cheating him. Never a dull moment with this creatures, so many creative ways to die.

Death found himself smiling, looking at the last of them. Maybe he doesn't need to take them out just yet. Maybe they can keep him entertained for a bit more. He'll have to take them eventually, but why rush it? Let's see what they can do.

Death can wait.