"And Jesus said, 'Lazarus come forth!.'"
Someone made a raspberry sound from the back. 
"And you know what folks? He came out of that tomb rags and all!"
"He wasn't a mummy!"
The pastor paused, looked around the room for a moment and continued. 
"We no longer have to fear death! Can you imagine? Let's all take a second and imagine, never worrying about death."
The voice called from the back again.  "Yes.  Let's all imagine. Imagine finally being rid of your two sisters. A right bunch of nags they were. Then suddenly you wake up and you're covered in a shroud, oh excuse me, covered in rags. A regular mummy! And suddenly you're back in the land of the living. Oh at first, at first everything's great. You're the toast of the town.  Everyone's your best friend. Hey, Lazarus what's it like? And you tell the same story over and over again.  And you drink their wine and you eat their food.  But after a while people stop asking you to come around. They start whispering when they think you cant hear. And you're still hungry. You may have died and rose again but you have to eat. So you have to work. Can you imagine, poor Lazarus, recently raised from the dead, working in a shop? Hi. I'm Lazarus, recently dead. That'll be 7.50. And then one day you look around and everyone you know is dead and you're making the owner's son uncomfortable so he has to let you go.   
Yes, let's all imagine what it's like with the wars and the endless boredom and human suffering and all the woe is me I only have a short time on this Earth. And no one ever says wow, poor Lazarus, he was just minding his own business being dead and now he's wandering the earth for eternity. You just all talk about how great it is.   
Well, I'll tell you something. Its not great. Its terrible. If I were to tell you the number of -"

The pastor quite red in the face, shouted "That is enough. Get this drunk out of here."  
"Oh, how I wish I could get drunk. Lazarus, come forth oh but by the way alcohol doesn't affect you anymore. Oh, I'm leaving. Get your hands off of me. I'm the man of the hour!"