Since the cancer took my arm, life has been pretty rough. It was lucky they screened me after dad passed away, mom was beside herself that her son had survived.

The Doctors did a neat job removing the limb from the shoulder joint, but I have had to learn to be left handed. I am terrible, it always seems like I am out of practice and I get people starting at me all the time, because clothes don't seem to fit right.


I just sort of ignore it now, most of the time I never notice my missing arm, it never felt any different you forget it's not there

It had been 5 years, I just got my all clear and my boss was letting me go, she was a bully of a bitch.

I clumsily signed the forms in my exit interview "After 5 years you still write like a child" 

We look down at my penmanship it was indeed awful, but, I never really needed to write all to often at a computer. She shook my hand with a pathetic grip, I jokingly swatted her face with my phantom arm "take that!" I thought to myself in my own childish musing.

At least until she recoiled. I was astonished, we looked at each other like I just slapped her soul, she batted her eyes in confusion, I stood there as nonchalantly as possible as if nothing had happened.

Are you ok? I said. She took a second, it was like someone had knocked the sense right out of her. Then she took a breath and tried to speak, but it came out garbled like she had just had a mini-stroke. I spoke for her "well I'll catch you around" and yanked the door open left the room a little shaken.

Did I assault her? No that's preposterous, the thought kept playing through my mind, walking to my car a little hurried, I dig for my keys and unlock the car door. +chink+

I look down the keys are beside my right foot. I... I... Thinking back, I always opened the car door with my right hand...

Even after the accident, I can't remember ever using my left hand, I reach down and pick up my keys. And it hits me people have been staring at me because my phantom arm has been holding coffee or phone I have been walking about using it like a normal arm and it's not... there. Oh my god I opened the door with my right arm leaving the interview.

No wonder I was sacked people must have thought I had psychic powers or something. Hundreds of examples of me using my phantom arm as normal flashed through my head, walking the dog, playing playstation, eating a sandwich no wonder people started at me! Some guy walking down the street with hovering shopping bags, Sat in Costa with a coffee and a spoon that stirs on it's own!!! 

I felt my heart beat in my chest and get in my car turn the key and panicked again I am still doing it with my right hand.

I close my eyes, come on John pull yourself together.

"We need to talk about your arm son" a voice echos from the passenger side, I glance over opening one eye... "Dad!? B... But you're"

"Dead? Yes well let's forget that slight detail for now, we need to discuss your arm, it's causing quite the commotion upstairs if you catch my drift and the boss wants a word"