“Hold on a sec,” I hold up a hand to stop Lucifer from taking me on a tour. “I’m still not sure what I did wrong.”

Lucifer rolls his eyes at me, “You worshiped another God for starters.”

“I’m an atheist,” I protest.

“Same difference,” he waves his hand impatiently at me.

Frowning, and far from satisfied, I press on, “What else?”

“You made idols, and worshiped them.”

I throw up my hands in exasperation, “I drew pictures of anime characters…” at his raised eyebrow, I added, “okay, I sold clay sculptures of embracing yaoi couples. Wait, does God care about sodomy?”

“Dude please,” I refrain from reminding Lucifer that I’m a woman, “The Mad-Man upstairs don’t care about that.”

None of this is making any sense to me, but I continue, “But I didn’t worship them.”

“You still liked them more then him,” Lucifer shrugged.

“How many fanboys and fangirls do you have down here?”

“Most of them,” Lucifer points to his right across a bunch of sulfur pits that demons are dunking screaming souls into. “Just beyond the pits, you probably can’t see ‘em, but if ya go far enough that way, you’ll find ‘em. They throw some pretty great parties. Be careful though, the Trekkies like to play Landing Party and invade other groups' space."

Unable to wrap my mind around this, a small, insane laugh escapes me. “I… I just… this is insane.”

“Yep,” Lucifer pops the ‘p’. “You’re already half insane anyway, you’ll fit in fine.”

That has me straighten my spine and bristle, “No I’m not! I’m still not sure what I did to end up down here.”

Sighing, Lucifer pats my shoulder, with surprising sympathy, “Listen, Susan, you’re a writer. You wrote about magic, magic murders, magic mass murder, and deities that everyone loved. You wrote some of the best, more realistic villains. You wrote everything that landed you here.”

“So I’m down here because I’m a fantasy novelist?” I laugh, eyes wide. A hand through my hair has it sticking up at odd angles.

Lucifer grins, “You got it.”

My eyes light up, “Is Terry Pratchett here?”

“He’s probably arguing with Mary Shelley again, c’mon I’ll introduce you,” Lucifer turns and walks straight ahead, I practically skip following after him. This will be a great way to spend eternity; my literary hero is here, nothing else matters. Some people’s Hell is other people’s heaven. 