I stared. For a lot longer then I'd like to admit. The little guy had armor and and everything. It was beat up pretty badly. Bleeding from the head. It was batshit insanity. 

Eventually, I gathered myself. It was another form of sentient life, probably. Just maybe. It wasn't just a dying animal. That changes everything. It probably had a self-identity. Self awareness. A capacity to grow and love and learn. And there was probably multiple of them. They could have a culture then. Our intelligent companions in the universe, for now, could be a flicken subspecies of rats. That changes everything. Hold up. Maybe it's just some sick prank some teenager in the neighborhood did to a bunch of rats. I did weirder things as a kid.

And then it started squeaking. It was a repetitive squeak at first. The sound a normal dying rodent might make. But it changed, Of course it had to goddamn change, it grew into a two squeak pattern. Then a squeak-grunt-squawk pattern or something. Then the patterns overlapped. Two then three then two, Then one. Another single squeak. It was eerie. Some serious twilight zone, uncanny valley, spine-chilling shit. It almost reminded me of kind of language.

Screw it. Maybe it's a prank. What if it's not just a prank though. Just maybe, it was sentient, with a fear of death similar to humans. What if it had a will to live. That changes everything. Don't I owe it to another form of life like that, to help it to the best of my ability? My mom used to berate the shit out of me for trying to save birds our dog used to attack. But she always thought it was adorable. Screw it, sanctity of life and all that. Irregardless of the kind of life it is. Let's save the vermin. Let's be a naive kid again. I'll probably contract the plague and die, but hey it was purely for a good reason. 

Still squeaking in the same patters over and over again, I took him to my kitchen counter. It was so gross, the idea, I wanted to puke. A rat, where I prepare food. Cleaned the bloodied parts with water, used finger bandages to compress the wounds. I didn't think anything was broken, But I tired to be careful just to make sure. It squeaked now and then, like it was in pain. 

Halfway through my lets-play-vet endeavor, it went quiet. Great it's dead. Absolutely amazing. I did all this shit for nothing. Then it coughed, and it seemed like it was still breathing, just faintly. I finished up, put him in the cat cage, safe and sound, scolded the cat, and went back to work. 
 
I fell asleep at my computer, working on my paper for the NASA/SETI conference. When I woke up I saw the words "than you" at the end of my paper. The mouse was collapsed next to my key board, still sleeping. The only thing I could think was "It had to be fucking rats. Chimpanzees are in the goddamn stone age. But the next sentient life off our planet? Something in some ways our equals? Seems to be fucking rats. I hate rats."