I suddenly found myself standing in front of some strange machine, surrounded by pitch black nothingness. Confused, I simply stood there and stared at it for quite a few moments. It appeared to be some kind of ATM. It had a large screen and a single slot below it. There were some words flashing on the screen: “Insert $1 to continue.” Still confused, I racked my brain to try and remember what had happened before this. The memories slowly came back to me...

I remember that I was eating a burger at McDonald’s and talking on my phone. Some guy in a hoodie had suddenly busted through the door and pulled a gun on the girl at the register, demanding money and, oddly, a few burgers. I froze. I had never been involved in a robbery before, and I didn’t know what to do. Before I knew it, some other guy came charging at the robber. The last thing I remember hearing is a single gunshot.

*Did… Did I die from being shot in a McDonald’s?* I thought to myself, feeling both distraught and a little disappointed. My life had been pretty pathetic, but to die while eating a dollar burger in a McDonald’s is just sad. I looked down at the strange ATM again and finally started to understand what the words meant. If I paid it a dollar, I would get a chance to continue my life, just like paying for an extra life in an arcade game. I pulled my wallet out of my back pocket and grabbed the last dollar bill I had, the last bit of spending money I had set aside for myself. Or rather, I would have grabbed it if it had been there.

“Where the hell did my dollar go?!” I said out loud. I pulled out everything I had in my wallet, throwing everything on the floor (or whatever the pitch-black darkness that I was standing on was) as I searched. I knew I had at least a dollar left. It was the last dollar I had to spend before getting paid. What could I have possibly have— 

“The burger,” I blurted out, suddenly remembering why I was at McDonald’s in the first place. I felt a pit in my stomach. I always knew that McDonald’s would kill me, just not like this. Feeling defeated, I looked down at the floor, the contents of my wallet I had thrown there earlier catching my eye. It was nothing but receipts, expired gift cards, and my debit card. *My debit card?* I thought. *Maybe…*

I picked up my debit card from the floor and tapped the screen of the strange machine. “You wouldn’t happen to take debit, would you?” I asked, hoping to get some kind of response, if it was even possible to get a response from a magical ATM sitting in the middle of a dark void. Apparently it was, as new words flashed on the screen: “Please insert card.”

Feeling a new sense of hope, I eagerly inserted the card in the slot below the screen. It took the card, and the screen changed again: “Processing payment.” I sighed in relief. I was really getting worried there for a moment. Now, hopefully, I’ll get another chance at life. After being killed so suddenly, I started to develop a new appreciation for life. I realized that I had been wasting my time on Earth, just mindlessly going through the motions of life without ever truly enjoying it. *This time will be different,* I thought. *This time, I’ll enjoy life, not just live it. This time, I’ll— *

“Insufficient funds.” 

I stared at the new words on the screen, dumbfounded. *That’s not possible! What the hell is going on?! How the hell could I not have a single dollar to my name?!* I racked my brain trying to figure out what was going on, and suddenly I felt a pit in my stomach again. I pulled out my phone (thankfully, it still worked in the afterlife) to check the date. It was the first of the month.

*Oh shit. Rent…*

I was talking to my apartment manager while I was at McDonald’s, trying to stop the automatic payment for my rent since I didn’t get paid until tomorrow. I had remembered about the rent while I was out doing errands, and was so stressed out about it that I stopped to get something to eat.

I looked down at the former contents of my wallet yet again, hoping for some kind of miracle. Of course, I had the brilliant idea of leaving all my credit cards at home so I wouldn’t be tempted to buy anything with them. Who would have thought that what I would need to buy was my own damn life? 

“Do you… Do you take IOU’s?” 

The machine suddenly disappeared, and I found myself free-falling into the dark abyss below me. And that, my friend, was the start of the greatest journey of my life — or rather, my afterlife. And it was all because I sucked at managing my money.
