Work had been slow for a while. A little relaxation can be good for the soul, but hours of scrolling through reddit can only be so interesting when a lot of your job involves sitting in a car glancing at your phone even at peak business. My friends suggested I could break the boredom by spending some of that time on my phone on a dating app. I reluctantly agreed, and pretty soon I’d managed to get a match. We arranged to meet for dinner a few days later.

From the beginning I was suspicious. She’d gotten there before me -  I take it as a point of pride that no one beats me anywhere, anywhen. Arriving early is the only way I can stay ahead of the game. She even had the gall to ask me why I was late. Something was wrong.

As I sat down, I saw something metal shine as she passed it from her pocket to her handbag. This woman was armed. All my defences were up. I couldn’t just abandon the date here, I would leave the others in the restaurant vulnerable. I needed to get through the date before I could escape.

The conversation seemed quite pleasant for the most part, too pleasent. I was careful only to drink from bottles I had opened myself. She joked how weird it was I wouldn’t let the waiters pour me anything, trying to disarm me. But I was far too clever for her.

She offered me some of her main: “This is delicious! D’you want to try some?” I’d been distracted by talking to the waiter, and hadn’t been watching closely enough: she must have snuck some poison onto her food. I stared at that fork for a few moments, certain that my death was contained in that slice of meat, but I managed to talk it down, and we continued with our meal.

After about an hour, I couldn’t take the tension anymore. I excused myself to the bathroom and purged myself, frightened she had still managed to slip something into my food. A few moments later, I composed myself and sat back at the table.

“Are you OK?” She posited, “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

“Don’t worry, there won’t be any ghosts tonight,” I declared, perhaps slightly too triumphantly.

A look of confused worry crossed her face, but then she managed to mask it with laughter, the evil genius.

Eventually, I managed to gently convince her to leave, but only if I accompanied her home. If I had to sacrifice myself for the public in that restaurant, so be it.

When we got back to her place, I managed to guide her off of the busy street, as she stumbled to the door.

“Do you want to come inside? I could use some…help with something upstairs.” She sniggered at the end, and there was something hidden behind that smile. I didn’t know exactly what she needed help with, and none of it was good for me. But I needed to be careful here, with such a dangerous specimen.

“I’m sure you’ll be OK on your own upstairs. Have a good night, dear lady.”

“Wait, let me at least say goodbye properly,” she was stumbling over her words, focused on something else, and she leaned in slowly for her killing blow. I had to act fast. I ducked, kicked one of her legs out from under her, turned and ran. I couldn’t risk being near such a liability any longer.

“You bastard!” I heard from behind me, angry that I had ruined her kill streak I’m sure, but she would just have to go unsatisfied tonight.

Another danger narrowly avoided, but that’s all in a day’s work for a master PI.