At first her plan had been to appoint the Dragon with a tower, as the old stories had suggested was suitable habitat. A tower with top floor open to the sky, with openings between floors that would admit such a huge creature at its whim. Mere stairs wouldn't do, so the Princess settled on specially designed trapdoors. 

Then the fools started *climbing* it. She had realized her mistake immediately; those old stories all cast their Dragons as monsters to be slain. Furthermore there was the archetype of a dungeon with ascending floors of greater danger, culminating in a duel with a prime evil ruling over it all. So they had come, and nearly killed her Dragon, and it had been her fault. The Princess had set out to rectify her mistake.

Now...

The doors to the Queen's grand hall slammed open. Through them marched a party of six... *adventurers.* She wrinkled her nose. They were well armed, all six in remarkable orichalcum plate armor. Two with swords and shields, two more with ancient gnarled staves, a fifth with a mighty axe and the last of them empty-handed.

The sight before them gave them pause.

The Queen's throne was not at the back of the room, but set directly in the middle on a raised dais. The Queen herself reclined in comfort, one hand supporting her chin, the other on the grip of a spun glass wand. The crown she wore was slim, a delicate circlet that did not snag of the hood of her cloak, a ward against the rain.

For the ceiling of the throne room was no ceiling at all, only the storm that these fools had chosen as an advantage against a flying beast. They thought her Dragon would fear the sky on this day. 

And behind her, the Dragon itself loomed. Its wings were soft, relaxed, draped down around its body in mimicry of her cloak. Four horns curled forward from its brow, the horns of a bull, full of lambent purple light. The Dragon rose up from a deep slumber, peered over the back of her throne, and saw the six in their armor.

Orichalcum was naturally resistant to fire. It would not save them. 

The Queen stood. The wand was in her hand. "Turn back," she told them, and the voice of a Queen was never anything less than a decree. 

The adventurer with the axe took a step forward. "We have come to-"

Slowly the wand came up and pointed at him. "I know why you have come." 

The magic of a Dragon had no possible substitutes. Fangs, scales, blood. The Dragon was fire, and fire was the Dragon. Changing the layout of the palace had eliminated some risk to her love, but not all. These six had been *sent.* She knew who was responsible; she knew who next to burn, but for now...

The man with the axe fell, violet mist seeping through the joints of his armor. He did not rise, but her wand did. She pointed it skyward, high over her head, and the weak conjuration holding the storm together broke. The rain stopped almost instantly; the thunder went quiet.

And her Dragon rose up to its full height, wings tightening, paws shaking the earth with each step. Its jowls peeled back upon rows of ivory teeth, and behind them a building orange glow.

She had grown used to this.