I flinched as the bullet whizzed by my head. "Goddam it! I said don't shoot, I just want to talk!" I yelled at the building. It was a three story brick affair, one of the few left standing in this area. Reinforced steel door, barred windows on the ground and second floor (cautious, good for them). All but impervious to the crowd of a hundred or so undead milling around outside.  I closed my eyes and concentrated. Third floor. Second window from the left. I could hear the bolt cycle on the shooter's rifle, and a heartbeat, going like crazy. I obviously had them worried. The sound of blood filled my mouth with saliva- I was so hungry, I hadn't fed in so long. It was all I could do not to jump up to the window, rules be damned. But no, patience was what I needed now, patience. 

"I'm not a zombie, and I'm not armed!" A head peeked through the window to survey the situation and was quickly withdrawn. Male. Young. Nervous. No way he could have survived here by himself for so long, there must be more in the building. Good. 

"If you ain't a zombie how come you're not being eaten?" He shouted back.

I shrugged. "Hell if I know, they've never seemed to notice me."

"Stay right there!" He left the window, I concentrated. Conversation, indistinct though. At least two men and one woman. A pause. Footsteps, a new heartbeat at the window, a different one this time.

"Who are you?" The woman, she must be the leader.

"My name's David. I've been wandering, looking for some semblance of civilization, survivors. You're the first I've run into for a long time."

The woman moved fully into view in the window. Middle aged, pretty once, but faded by stress, time, and the end of the world. God, how her blood sang to me.

"How are you still standing? There's at least a hundred zombies out there, they should have smelled you before you could even get close."

"I have no idea, they don't seem to even notice me. Watch." I picked the zombie closest to me, maybe 15 feet away. His eyes were staring off in the distance, unfocused. He was in fairly good condition, considering it had been years since the infection spread. Either he was a recent convert or he'd spent time indoors before being attracted by the people in this building. His skin was a pallid grey and one of his hands was mangled, probably a bite from when he was infected, but other than that he was mostly intact. I moved in front of him and waved my hands in his face, with no reaction. Then I shoved him, he took a step backwards from the force of it, but apart from that didn't acknowledge that I was there.

I turned back to look at the woman in the window, she was staring at me slack jawed. After a moment she caught herself. "Who are you?"

"My name's David, and like I said, I just want to talk."

"Well David, I'm Marta, and you have my attention. Though if you're looking for someplace to stay I'm not sure we'll be able to help, we're already low on food, you're probably better off out there if you can move around freely."

"I'm not looking for someplace to stay, or not just looking for that. I want to make a deal."

"A deal? What do you have to offer?"

I stepped beside the zombie I'd shoved before, took a knife out of my pocket and plunged it into his temple. The zombie collapsed to the ground, finally put out of its misery. I grimaced at the mess on the blade of the knife. The congealed brown goop was disgusting, I'd gotten desperate a few days ago and tried to drink it, I'd have lost my lunch if my stomach wasn't already empty. No, I needed something only these people could give me.

"That is what I can offer. I can kill the zombies easily, I can clear paths for you, I can scout the area and find and mark supplies. If you'll work with me I can help you survive here, even reclaim some of the area around here, give you some living space."

I watched Marta closely, I could see the gears turning in her head, the possibilities occurring to her. Hope spreading through her, most likely for the first time in a long time. "That sounds like a hell of a deal. What is it you want from us?"

I grinned, I couldn't help myself. "How about you start by inviting me inside?"