Though everything here was pretty good, he had this strange melancholy feeling - it was over. But man, what a wild ride it was. Sure, he made mistakes (who didn't?), but they shaped him into the man he ultimately died as. It hurt - at times, almost unbearably so, but it was worth it. That was behind now, but it was impossible to not go through everything again on his head upon hearing the proposition.

"Hang on", Robert started asked, rather confused. "I can do everything over again?"

"Yes. Re-do everything as you please.", the angel (Robert assumed) replied.

"And I keep all of my memories and everything else?"

"You keep all your memories and everything else."

"So I'll be reincarnated as someone else? It's a whole new life then?"

"No, it's your old life, done from scratch. You liked videogames in your lifetime no? So this is your New Game Plus"

"I'll be basically time traveling then? And everyone else around me?"

"They'll have no clue. It'll be like the first time around for everyone else."

"Do you offer that for everyone who dies?"

"You're the first one."

Robert tried, in vain, to conceal is shock. "The first one? *Ever*? ...why me?"

"Does it matter?", the angel replied, though it wasn't harsh or rude - it was more like indifference. He continued. "Do you take it?"

"Hell yeah!", Robert answered in sheer excitement, immediately realizing what he said and blushing. "Sorry..."

"Close your eyes then", the angel demanded, not giving the seemingly inappropriate expression any attention. So Robert closed his eyes.

After what felt like a quick nap later, he opened his eyes to see his old folks - though much younger than he recalled. Sure enough, he was a tiny, defenseless baby, but with a full comprehesion of the world around him. He started to get hungry, and instantly remembered how he would be fed for the next 6 months so. Well, he didn't think this through, and might have even cringed a bit, but who can say.

It didn't matter though. He could do everything over again, and the idea sounded wonderful. Sure, he could try and do all completely different, but why risk the uncertainty?

He had a pretty good life after all. And was more than eager to relive it all over again.
