Arntor pointed at the city of Kvinsk with his knife.   
“The south entrance is not well guarded, and a trebuchet could break through easily,” he forced the knife in, through the table.  
“Afterwards, we send in Svíþur and his rifle battalion,” but Svíþur objected.  
“We’re directly north of the city,” he stabbed the location of the Innisnorsk camp with his own knife, and dragged it along the road leading to the south entrance of Kvinsk, cutting the road open.  
“We would have to take this road along, and that would add an extra day for them to prepare. Not only that, but we would be in the open. They would know we’re coming,” a hand with a small shiv reaches across the table, pointing to a small hill. A voice with an Irish accent attempted to ask,  
“what if you put catapults—” Svíþur parried the shiv, kicked the man in the shins, and shouted,  
“silence, slave!” Two soldiers clad in the armour of Sea Wolves quickly carried the Irish slave away. The two Vikings convened for a while longer, and eventually the map was a mess of haphazard cuts that were unreadable, the table underneath just as wrecked. 

Svíþur and Arntor soon found themselves facing Jarl Þorbjörn Wotansson and his beautiful daughter Frøya. The towering Jarl was said to be half-Jötunn, which the two believed considering he was eight feet tall and had muscles like a mountain. His icy blue eyes stared at them through strands of hair the colour of frost on the trees.  
“So,” he growled, as the two averted their gaze.  
“Would either of you two like to explain to me, why you’re here?” His voice was that of the mother bear growling to warn humans away. Neither Arntor, axe-lord and berserker king, nor Svíþur, rifle-master and parry god, made a single noise.  
“…I see. Shall I remind you both, the *cost* of these maps?” A long, awkward silence.  
“We have one… *one* cartographer, and he does not work for free. Arntor. You enjoy access to trebuchets, battering rams, and field guns? Well, guess what. *We can’t have those without money*. And Svíþur. You beg for the latest rifle designs, thousands, to arm rifle divisions. You request day after day for freelance instructors who served Prussia in the past, so that our battalions might be as strong as they. **WE CAN’T HAVE THAT WITHOUT MONEY.** Both of you have lost to privilege of even so much as seeing a map. Both of you will be paying out of your pocket for the maps you have destroyed, both now and in the past, and both of you are paying for that table. My father’s table. We will be using Einsloki’s plan for taking the city. Report to the armoury at the crack of dawn tomorrow. Dismissed.”

Einsloki was a stuck-up snobby punk, and the other two hated him. Thin as a needle, extraordinarily smart, and the annoying habit of correcting everyone by starting with the word, ‘actually’. He was waiting with Frøya, around a table. The two sat down, and Einsloki explained his plan. It boiled down to, the four of them would infiltrate the city under the guise of helping, and then murder the mayor and captain of the guard. Afterwards, they would signal the rest of the army to come in. Einsloki added,  
“perhaps we’ll find their war map and you two can ‘take a look’,” after this statement he giggled profusely. Svíþur rolled his eyes. *So funny,* he thought. *Why, I’m just dying of laughter.* The rifleman wanted to do to Einsloki what Loki had done to himself at the wedding of Skaði and Njord; tie the man’s testicles to a ram’s arse and smack the animal. Arntor must’ve been thinking the same thing, because he leaned in and whispered,  
“I’ve got rope if we need it,”

Dressed as Kievan Rus’, and following the guards to the mayor’s office, Svíþur had to wonder just how these disguises worked so well. He figured the glowing green eyes on Frøya’s part had something to do with it, but one can’t be too sure. The mayor was a round man, with a red face and bald head. His map was on the table. The Two, under the guise of expert strategists, began explaining their previous plan, by carving out the map. The mayor just smiled and pretended to watch, but it was clear that his eyes were on the blonde woman with the blinding smile, among other notable aspects. During the map autopsy, Einsloki attempted to stab the mayor in the back. It did not work, because Einsloki was a fool and made far too much noise. The mayor spun around faster than his size would suggest, and stabbed Einsloki in the stomach.  
“AUGH!” He shrieked.  
“MY SPLEEN!” Einsloki fell to the floor, and Svíþur burst out laughing.  
“Thank you!” He said to the mayor, and turned his eyes to the sky.  
“Takk! Takk þú! Óðinn! Óðinn, heitr! Takk!” The mayor was about to step close, but a gunshot rang out just as a bolt of green magic struck him. The Two turned to see that Frøya’s arm was glowing green, as well as her eyes. Arntor dropped his pistol.  
“Holy shit,” Svíþur muttered.  
“Gawk later, boys,” Frøya said.  
“We’ve got work to do,” 

Taking the city was simple after that, and to the Two’s dismay, Einsloki made a full recovery. The Jarl forgave them, eventually. And all was well, save for the maps of their enemies. 

___
edit: formatting i think, hope it works?