The Holy Bible: A Superb First Effort at Satirical Comedy from a Emerging Species

By Alrazen of Kaebor

One of the benefits of living in such a vibrant galaxy is the innumerable amount of wonderful art that can be found. From the sky paintings of Zorlax-9, to the injected music of the Zbadeen, the discerning observer can find something to satisfy every taste. However, while even the most niche production might satisfy someone, it is the rare piece that is so bold, and yet so powerful that it appeals to everyone. 

From the relative backwater of Earth(# 2789), comes the Holy Bible, one of these most select items. Apparently a joint production of dozens of authors over many years, the Holy Bible is a brilliant satire of the nature of primitiveness, and the inherent contradiction of deity. Among its stories include the tale of a supposedly “benevolent” god who destroys the first significant cooperation between different cultures out of pride. This deity, known colloquially Jehova, is the focal point of the story, and along with a supporting cast including his transient son, and his straight man, the mischievous Satan, embark on humorous adventures set in the pre-technology era of their planet. 

Though its depiction of the violence and idiocy of pre-technology society can feel unnecessarily harsh at times, the Holy Bible also has a softer side. The character of Jesus, who appears in the second act, serves as the humble servant who must clean up the mistakes of his bumbling father. At the risk of revealing too much of the story's conclusion, his arguments for peace and justice fall on deaf and violent ears.

Perhaps the most impressive part of the Holy Bible is that throughout its nonsensical tales, it maintains a straight face. Species just attaining space-flight are often dismissed as unable to see beyond their blinkered existence and the arrogance of their supremacy on one planet among millions. The Holy Bible defies this narrative, and provides (deeply entertaining) hope for even the most humble and feeble of species.

9.5/10

(r/StannisTheAmish)