"Soph, what the hell are you talking about?", I asked with a tiresome voice. "I'm tired, I'm soared, I want to just have dinner and go to bed. You know that work at the warehouse is heavy." I continued, while obviously being ignored. She was still pulling me by the arm, a strange look in her bright blue eyes, a smile like I haven't seen in months, while humming a song I didn't know. Sophia was like that. One minute she could be humming, the next she'd be going on a paranoid rampage. But this was too much. I had never seen her like this, and I sure as Hell wasn't waiting for her to be acting like this just because she had gone to the bathroom... "Listen Soph, come on angel..." 

"Would you just shut up and follow me?" she quickly shot my way. "But love, really? Another dimension? Another life? Goddamn woman, I also like to read, I do have an imagination, and I have a lot more than you, given the amount of video-game I play or have played." I was saying, trying to reason with her as she pushed me into the bathroom."

"James Arghallad, I'm telling you there is a bloody portal to another dimension in this God forsaken bathroom, where I've been living for a thousand years and where I've built us both a life. A way better life than the one we have here. "

" Are you even listening to yourself?" I asked almost screaming, when I found myself free of her grasp and was able to turn around and face her. "Do you know how crazy that all sounds? Bloody Hell, I'm having a fucking discussion with you in the goddamned bathroom, for fuck's sake."

"Chrost Jim... Don't look at me like I'm crazy. I'm not that person anymore..." she said, her voice breaking as she started to sob. "Not even when I had my meltdown you stopped believing me, so why don't you believe me now? You'd go and check the bloody sinkhole when I used to tell you it had teeth and was trying to bite me, you go and make sure the doors weren't trying to slam as I passed and cut me in half... You did all this when I had my mental breakdown... So why don't you believe me now?"

Great. Now she was crying. Now I was feeling like a moron... Gods, I love this woman more than anything in the world, and here I am again, making her cry. I seemed to be getting good at it too. "OK... Alright. I believe you." I mumbled, looking at her. "Show me this other dimension." I said, gently pulling her face up to look at me, while I gave her a little smile. 

"Thank you honey." she replied whipping the tears out those eyes where I had lost myself soany years ago. "Just please don't freak out and don't be scared when we get there." she said, in a warning tone. "Why would I? I'll be with you, remember?" She looked at me but didn't say a word. She took me by the hand and turned me around, making me walk towards the small shower. She pushed me gently inside and walked behind me, closing the glass door behind her. She then turned around to face me and asked me to close my eyes.

As I did, my heart almost stopped beating. I could feel as if a gigantic gap had opened right from under my feet, and I was falling. I couldn't hear anything and when I opened my eyes, all I could see were lights, distorting lights, flashing all around me. When I looked closer, I could see a bit clearer that what I thought were lights, we're in fact some kind of Windows into what seemed like other worlds. Suddenly, I felt myself starting to spin like a screw and my wife's arms wrapping tightly around my waist. 

As the spinning became quicker, I was forced to close my eyes as I was starting to become dizzy, and I started hearing what sounded like a thunderstorm in the distance, and heavy rain. Then, as quickly as it had started, it was over, and I was lying on my back on a hard, moist and muddy floor. The sounds of thunder where louder now, the heavy rain drops had already left my clothes soaking and the lightning bolts above flashed through my eyes. When I opened my eyes, I could see Sophia already standing, in front of me, speaking to some men that seemed to be wearing plate armor. With my full body aching, I was able to sit up and look around me. In the distance I could see the high walls of a city, all in white, built in a circular way, like a ring. 

Being a heavy gamer, it immediately came to my mind I had to be dreaming because it seemed like the Imperial City in The Elder Scrolls IV - Oblivion, a saga I was completely addicted to. But after looking at the man in front of me, who I supposed were guards, I thought again. They all looked like normal man, there were no argonians nor khajit, just men... And elfs... And I could feel the rain. Suddenly, my wife was walking back to me. She knew beside me and helped me up. She then winked at me and smile. The most radiant smile I had seen in her face ever since she had her breakdown. 

"C'mon love. Follow me and play the part. Hope all those games you keep playing are actually any good in real life." she said, turning her back on me and walking back to the guards. I stood there for a couple more seconds before following her, trying to assimilate and make sense of what she had told me. When I reached her and the man, I was able to listen to what she was talking with them.

"Your Highness, Empress Sophia the First, we're you successful?" one of the guard's asked her, bowing in front of her. "I was," she replied in a very regal way "and like I promised, here I stand. Man, i made a promise, and I have fulfilled it." she said, pointing at me. 

"I give you all, our hero. Emperor James Arghallad."




Hope you liked it. It's my very first time writing here. Also, pardon my English, but it's not my mother language. I'm Portuguese. 