As I arrived, the usuals sat at the bar, sipping their water downed whiskey and watching an old playoff game hoping for a different ending never to come. I topped off whiskey, rum and cokes, and opened a couple more beers. To be honest, I wasn't in a great mood, but I thought he day was looking up when a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walked into the place, unusual but not unheard of. My urge to say something witty had to be buried deep down. They ordered their drinks, martinis. When they finished their drinks, they left me a generous tip and left never to return. Then, things started to get weird.  

A rabbi, a priest, and an another person walked in and ordered beers. As I slid their brews down to them, I knew had to say something. 

"You an atheist?" I said to the odd man out. 

"No! A retired pastor, jerk." 

They all stormed out of there. No tip for me either. Fair enough, I guess. 

Then, the impossible happened. A horse walked into the bar. It didn't say a word, but I had to say it. I had to. 

"Why the long face?" 

It made me chuckle when I noticed that it wore a saddle and reins. An officer barged into the bar, red in the face. Grabbing the horse by the reins, he apologized and stepped back outside. 

Then, things got really weird. Something I had never seen before came in. 

"What the hell are you?" I asked. 

"A neutron." 

"Alright, what'll you have?" 

"A screwdriver." 

I made it and set in front of this thing. 

"What do I owe you?" It asked. 

I stared at it dumbstruck. "Umm, that'll be..."

"No charge?" 

"No, $6.50." 

Then, it got weirder I tell you. Another man walked into the bar and asked one question to a woman, beautiful and blonde. 

"So, do I come here often?" 

This woman stared at him. 

"Dad? How did you get out of the nursing home?" 

She grabbed him and looked right at me as they left: "Alzheimer's." 

As my shift ended and the bar cleared out, one more person showed up. He walked in, and I immediately said "We don't serve your kind in here?" 

And he looked back at me and said the strangest thing: "How did you know I was a time traveler?" 

"Umm...your hair." 

Truth be told, I didn't. I was tired of all the BS. Honest. 

I closed up early that night. 

***

If you enjoyed this story, please subscribe to r/nickkuvaas for more stories. 