 A panicked rapping hit my door. Early morning panic never spelled good news. “Enter” I said repressing my growing unease.

The makeshift office’ door was basic, but my office was the most advanced thing on the front so I could hardly complain.  

A serious looking soldier marched in, not my communications officer, whom I had expected. The unease grew. I may have started sweating.  

“Corporal Annander! Sir!” said the enthusiastic… Lieutenant. That little star on his shoulder meant his rank. The fact I had a solider of his rank, that I’d had never seen before, reporting to me meant I’d need to see the medical unit. I had been a solider for 4 years, 3 of which were spent on the front. My nerves got away from me these days. Today was looking like I couldn’t afford that business.

“Lieutenant” I said sterner than I’d meant “Report” sentences were coming slowly. I had to get to medical quicker than I thought.  

“Sir. I arrived with Private Gillian, Sir” An HQ boy then.  

“*That* Private Gillian, Lieutenant?”  

“Sir” he said in affirmation. My knees wobbled, I grabbed my thigh as hard as I could without being obvious. The dull pain settled my nerves, not enough, but it helped.  

I readied myself so my voice would come out straight “Send the Private in and mention to Lieutenant Thomas to get over to medical”  

“Medical, Sir?” he looked concerned “Are you injured, Sir?”  

“Now” I growled “Lieutenant” I bit the end of the order. You were respectful to your superiors, but the clipped look on his face made it clear the obligation was the only thing in that respect. A solider 2 ranks and a commendation above him and my guess was at least 5 years younger. HQ promoted slowly, it was hard to look good pushing paper. Facing down an armoured bulkhead Drake alone was hard to do while looking incompetent. And at the end of each skirmish the ones to promote were not hard to find. They were the ones breathing.  

“Lieutenant!” in response to the volume, I saw a wriggle under his coat. By the size I figured a standard issue biter.  

“Sir!” his back straightened as if it had been replaced with a spike.  

“Why are you still here!” shouting was good, it kept the panic out of my voice. As long as it didn’t break, I could squeeze the obedience out of these HQ types. His face whitened and he quickly saluted and left.  

I deflated into my seat. The rest of the front had very little privacy, and I was was very glad for mine. I stared down at my trembling hands, shame trickling into my heart.  

Someone cleared their throat. On reflex I said “Oh Thomas your a life saver-

A muddy brown scaled face stared back at me. Deep red slitted eyes meeting mine.  

And I fell.

Suddenly the air was fire. I couldn't breath. Screams and roaring flames mixed in my ear, competing for dominance. Then the screaming stopped, a low rumble emerging in its place. I looked toward the grumbling. Two red slitted eyes peered down at me in the scorched dirt. Its gaping jaws swung open. And an all too high screech came out. That roar was wrong. It had been the deepest, fiercest thing I’d ever heard.