*Hello my dear. I hope you're well, you must focus hard or witness hell. It doesn't matter if you're alone or with a lot of cops, because nothing can protect you from this body shot.*

*I don't need a frogs lung or a birds eye (authors note: like ingredients you'd think a witch would use to make a spell), I just need my words when it's your turn to die. After you hear me say alakazam, expect the feeling of getting hit by a battering ram.*

*I tell my bitches, call me, I don't text though, I give fake autographs every time I go to the expo. But I'm crazy so if I'm not lookin' for sex though, I snap my fingers and everyone listening will ex-plode.*

A door opens exposing some light into the dark recording booth. A very nerdy white guy who has no business in rap steps out with a big smile on his face. 

"Hey dudes, what did you think of that? I was trying to do a wizard type thing, ya know? Mix it.....up. Holy shit, HELP! SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP!"

The man, now white as a ghost looks on in horror to the site in front of him. Bullets all over whatever body parts are decipherable. Each victim also had a large circular indentation in each of their chests, the only truly definable body part they each have. Then it was as if after that brutality they simply exploded. 

The police, of course, did not understand this man who went info a recording booth to record a song while a killer was outside acting out his lyrics but it was the only explanation MC Rich Parentz could possibly think of. 

The officer laughed after cuffing him, "Oh yeah? Why don't you "bust out a dope rhyme for me homey g slice?" he asked mockingly. 

Defeated, seeing his life was about to be over thought "Why not? At least I will be remembered as the guy who rapped at his arresting officer. People will get a kick out of that".

"Okay, sure, Officer Dickhead".

The officer smiled widely with his arms crossed "Dazzle me. The boys at the station will love this."

The man let out a deep sigh "Okay.. So.. Alright, you can think what you want or just read the op ed, but if you think that I did it you should just so and drop dead".

The man suddenly clutched his chest, his face turned all red. The man then tightly grabbed his arm..

"Call me an ambulance." the cop said. 

"I can't. I'm handcuffed."

"Here take my walkie out of the front seat, I can't move" The officer said, before struggling to lift his arm to open the door. 

The young rapper grabbed the walkie, "Okay. I got it!"

"Good! Now call me an ambulance!"

"Okay okay! You're an ambulance!" the man said with a smirk, as the officer let out his final death rattle. "This is going to be fun," he said, "Ugh, it's too bright out, too many sun spots. It isn't so bad though now that these cuffs are unlocked".

The man continued to practice his craft for years. Ever since elementary school he knew his words had power, however only when they rhyme. Although he attributed it to coincidence. He confirmed it for sure when he wrote an anonymous note to an attractive teacher during his puberty that had the line "and if it turns out you don't love me, at the very least you will have to fuck me".

Now that he had it proven beyond a doubt that this was no coincidence he practiced and practiced for years using songs without the use of "you" to maximize living fans. 

After 15 years of busting his ass through the ranks of hip hop, he finally reached max popularity. 

His first ever real concert, that is, more than a packed out bar, or a tiny stadium. Here he was. Madison Square Garden. One of the best arenas in the best city on earth. 

A crowd of 60 plus thousand people all cheering wildly after the opening acts were over. 

A young black man walks out on stage with a microphone, "Y'all ready for MC Rich Parentz?" he asked. The crowd was going wild for Richard Parence, aka Rich Parentz. "Let me hear you make some mother fuckin' noise then!" and the crowd yelled even louder. "Then here he is, give it up for motha fuckin' MCRP!"

The fans cheered wildly as the skinny young white guy steps out on stage wearing his bizarre trademark, a wizard cloak and hat. 

"What's up everybody, you ready!?" the fans again cheer wildly. 

The instrumental blares over the PA, the young black man, MCRP's "hype man" builds it up. 

MCRP puts the mic to his mouth,  "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb. Mary had a little lamb whose fleece is white as snow" he said, to the now silent crowd.  

Next he started reading the phone book. Nothing else. Just random names and numbers. The fans began booing. MCRP was smiling, fighting back laughter. 

"Okay small fries, in 10 seconds you'll all die" he said, to a crowd that was beginning to perk up again. 

"10...9...8..." the crowd started counting down with him "7...6...5...4...3...2...1!" and with that what sounded like muffled machine gun shots, thousands of people dropping to the floor simultaneously, dead. 

"Thanks for coming out tonight!" he said smirking widely, and then he dropped his mic. 

Richard Parence walked through the back stage area, stepping over corpses as he continued back. As he got close to the back door it was kicked open. A skinny man in tight leather pants and no shirt was standing there. He had short hair and a mustache and he was eying Richard down. 

"Farrokh Bulsara... I thought you were dead?" Richard asked 

"Please, call me Freddie. Me being alive or dead doesn't matter here. What have you been told about using your gift for evil?"

"That it's hilarious and a lot of fun?" Richard responded sarcastically, "Why? What can you possibly do? Your gift doesn't work on me and mine doesn't work on you. So unless you got a way to settle this, move along, you AIDS infested fa-"

"We will have a series of physical events, where whoever ends with the most points wins. To make it fair we will each have a proxy do the work for us so there's no shady business. Sound fair?" Mr. Mercury asked. 

"What happens to the loser?"

"They die. We both know in our world that once you make a deal, you will pay if you lose."

"Yes I am aware of how our world works. Why are you telling me like I don't know like some kind of poorly written TV show, or writing prompt?" MCRP asked 

"I just wanted you to be sure that if you lost you would immediately cease to exist"

"Okay Mr. Exposition. Relax, Terry Goodkind.  I'll see you there", Richard said. 

And they did. Hours later, around 3am Richard Parence was waiting for Freddie Mercury in the agreed upon spot to determine which group will be the champions. 

Just then a black van pulls up. The side door flies open and it's clear there are musical tools like an amplifier, a microphone, and whatever else a band can fit in a van. 

A side door opens, and Freddie Mercury has a microphone in hand, and a man, or more accurately, a shadow, is holding a guitar. 

"What is this shit? You know your power can't effect me. Stop stalling" the psychopathic rapper said. 

"They can't effect you, but they can affect the results of a competition"

Richards eyes went wide with realization. He searched his brain for a rhyme that states he will win, but before he could, you hear "We are the champions, my friend"

Richard began trying to run out of ear shot but it was too late. He already heard the words. There was no way he can win. He knew you can't undue this form of magic unless you use a different type, and unfortunately for him, both their gifts are in music. 

Richard froze in his tracks unable to move. Freddie got into his van and drove off into thin air. As the sun came out and hit MC Rich Parence his body disintegrated into ash, and he was no more. 

1. End




**This one really got away with me. I liked the idea I had at first but as it went on I began to hate it. I also wrote this on a phone so going back to edit lines with better lines, or fixing grammar, would be a pain. One day when I am back in civilization and can use my actual computer I am going to post again to try to redeem myself for this. But I can't deny this was an artless piece of shit story and my only talent in writing is horror and tragedy**

Anyway, open to hear you tell me what you specifically hated. 
