I should have expected where the last one would be given where the first one was. 

The two of us were at the start and we'll both be here to see the end. 

We are without form, other than the ones we think will comfort you most. 

We are without name, other than the ones you give us. 

We do not see time as you do, other than when you start or end. 

Some of you prayed to God's, but there is only the two of us and we can do none of what you ask of us. 

The occasions we have met you find bitter sweet. 

I should have known if my first occasion was the last being in the universe then my last occasion would be the first being. 

So I had to take this occasion to speak with my counter part properly. 

"Why do you watch for so long?" I asked. I don't know why I had to ask something and ours is an existence that doesn't provide much chance for hobbies. 

"Why do you care?" They retorted. It was a valid question. I always tried to accommodate a person's belief of death when I collected them. I have been a grim figure skeletal clad in black robes plucking souls as their mortal form failed them, I have been a cheerful celebration of their time, I have been nothing passing them on into what lies next. 

"They deserve some comfort after their hardships." I replied. 

"They deserve some encouragement." They countered. 

I would have thought there would be more for us to discuss. Fortunately my counter parts word filled the silence of a dying universe.  

"What come next for them?" 

"That is not my privilege to know." I knew the answer to my retort before I asked. "Where we're they before?" 

"That is not my privilege to know. But I know they come to me afraid." 

"The same way many of them leave me." 

It had to be asked and my partner, the only thing to come close to sharing my path, was the one to do it.

"What becomes of us?" 

"I suppose we have the privilege of finding that out together."  And with the last words uttered or thought within the universe I ushered the soul of the first being to what waits. Then I realized there was one more to take as I felt part of everything I was fade. There was no corpse this time, no crying loved ones, no sounds of battle. Just me. Just me to witness the death of life itself.