I couldn't believe that I did it. Something that was just wishful thinking till yesterday was suddenly a reality. Something that was so incomprehensibly difficult till yesterday was like a child's play today. And in a way, it was. 
"Look Ma,  I did it" I tapped my Mom's shoulder and proudly showed her my shoes. I had tied the strings myself. Just like she did till yesterday. They formed the perfect little knots, like a flower. 
My mom said she was so proud of me. She even gave me a cookie. Before dinner! I went to my dad's office. He doesn't like to be disturbed but I thought he would want to hear the good news. Boy was I right. He took eyes of his computer when I called him and actually got off from his chair and ruffled my hair. He said I was on my way of becoming the man of the house. I smiled all the way to my room. I went to my closet. I wanted to try all of them on my own. 
But first, I had to take the ones I was wearing. I was scared that the first time was just a fluke and I may not be able to tie them back again. I mustered some courage that I never knew I had and pulled the strings. They came out perfectly. Now I tried on my favorite shoes, the one with cars on them.  I took the strings and didn't even have to think about Bunny ears and what goes where. My hand just made the knot. It was magical. I went to my Mom again and showed her. She was visibly excited as me. She looked at me for a while and gave me a kiss on my forehead. no cookie this time but I will take that. I went again to dad's office. He just muttered 'good job' this time. And good job it was. I have never seen such perfect knots on such perfect shoes. I spent the entire evening trying different shoes. I even went for a walk in the yard to see if they come off. None of them did. I took out all of my shoes and began cleaning them as from now on I can wear whichever shoe I want. I was so busy I didn't hear Mum call me for dinner.  I only realized it was dinner time when she tapped me up and ask me what I had done to the room. I said I was cleaning my shoes as now I am a grown man, I have to do stuff myself. She didn't say a word during dinner. It was only me talking about my shoes and how I was a grown boy and what I will do tomorrow. 
When it was sleeping time Mom came to my room. She kissed me on the forehead and went to turn off the lights. Before she turned off the lights, I saw she flipped the switch from N to E, whatever that is.