**The Cobber in the Cell**


I'll explain my life. I live in a cell where people drop emotion donations to me, there unwanted emotions, into a donation box. The cell is ten-foot by ten-foot, and it's situated in Central Station train station. In this society, that is what happens to all people who were born without emotions. The regular people, who have negative emotions, don't have to deal with these emotions this way. It's just so hard to keep human hope when you're locked in a public cell feeling sadness and disappointment all the time.

My fortieth is coming up. I look forward to it. The way I see it, forty is a milestone. When I get to forty, I have twenty years left of this life, because the average lifespan of an emotionless person is 60 years. Did you know everyone expects something nice after they die? It isn't riding on the white horses in a lusciously grassed field that they expect. However, they do expect something euphoric. I suppose, with my incite of not believing in this thing, because I have no hope, I can say it's a feeling of return. Unfortunately, I have lost belief or faith in this life after death, because I feel unhappiness all the time.

Every New Year, they gather the emotionless together to watch the New Year's fireworks. It's funny watching fireworks when you don't have emotions. You know they are supposed to be beautiful, but don't feel it. Some people among the emotionless have varying degrees of emotion deficiency. They get us all to hold hands, at the fireworks, and concentrate on the feeling of beauty. The year before we almost had it. I felt a tear run down my eye, but it could have just been that I was straining so hard.

Therefore, the big forty is coming up and I've lost faith. They drop sadness, guilt, depression, feeling dejected, grieving and sorrow in the donation box, but they don't dump their happy emotions. I just find it a bit crappy all I feel is negative emotions. It can make you feel slumped.

They give us the emotions because every emotion has to be felt. They can't throw their emotion away, because it will just fly, like a tame bird, right back. However, if they give it to me, and I feel it, it will disappear, like a floating paper ember into the night sky.

Occasionally, they do something for us. They bring us a cake, and give us a donation, in the donation box, of gratitude. What I want is happiness, not some do-gooder after gratitude for giving me a cake.

The cake doesn't taste all that good, without the corresponding emotion - indulgence and satisfaction. It tastes sweet alright, but I don't feel I'm sharing the sweetness with anyone. I wish the do-gooder didn't give me the cake, because it just makes me lose faith in humanity.

You see, it doesn't say much for my fellow man, that they see someone such as me, suffering, and they don't reach out, or when they do, it just proves they are selfish. This is the thing, as my fortieth birthday approaches, that makes me lose the most faith in the divine reward, the soldiers not reaching out to someone who is obviously suffering.

Then it happened. This ritual they do for us on our fortieth birthday. I mean, I don't mind that they did it because life expectancy of the emotionless fades at forty, for the exact reasons I am experiencing now, namely lack of hope. It's a selfish thing still, but I needed that happiness ritual donation so bad.

It happened like this. The same soldiers that take us out on the fireworks ritual, drop a donation in the donation box of happiness. The soldiers must have all got together, held hands, and wished up, conjured up, happiness whilst focusing their eyes on that paper. Then they gave me that precious ten minutes of this alien, but euphoric, feeling, happiness.

It was enough to get me to sixty. I all of a sudden had a belief that there was something better in the next world. At nights, I often think about who the real people who feel are. Are the soldiers the ones with no emotions or us? I mean we only get to have their scrap emotions, but doesn't it prove they are going against the thing emotions really say - empathy for your fellow man.

I don't know. However, when I look at them offloading the uncomfortable parts of humanity on us poor souls, I think maybe despite being born without emotions, we are the ones that truly feel. Often, people spend their lives justifying themselves, when they are in the wrong... when the true heroes are the ones that look humble, but have hidden treasure.

You've got to change you whole life to have what the persecuted have.

THE END.