It was dark and cold on the winding mountain roads. Mr. Parker was making his way home from a day at the south campus office of the institute for extremely dangerous weapons. You see Mr. Parker was one of those people that had hunted his entire life dor something more than he was given; yet all Mr. Parker was given when he found it was a desk job in some desert mesa and a 1 hour break in a terrible cafeteria with terrible coffee and terrible food. But today Mr. Parker would find what he was looking for.

 As Mr. Parker drove near an abandoned town his once reliable GPS flickered with a magnificent light that blinded Mr. Parker. Now it was not until Mr. Parker hit the one tree on the side of the road that he realized the magnitude of what just happened. Dazed Mr. Parker got out of his now ruined car and stood up to leave but as he turned he heard a voice, not the familer womans voice but a much more urgent and coarse voice coming from hia GPS. It said:"Well I didnt make you crash for nothing, get me out of here!" Stunned Mr. Parker tore the now decrepit GPS out of its socket and stared at it. For a moment he had thought he had gone mad but then it spoke: "Well don't just stand there lets get on with it." and so Mr. Parker went on his way mysterious GPS inhand.

 After 2 hours of walking in the cold the GPS simply said: "Stop. Take the left in 400 yards. It is time you learned the truth." then abruptly shut off. Mr. Parker stood alone in the cold mesa air doubts filling his mind, he could run or maybe just wait for someone to find him but something inside him told Mr. Parker that he had to go 400 yards and take a left. So after much arguing in that balding head of his Mr. Parker walked exactly 400 yards and took a left. As the mesa night transformed into a cave lined with steel panels Mr. Parker knew his adventure was just beginning.

 The cave opened up to a room lined with machines and Mr. Parker stood in front of it all taking in. It wasn't until something hit him he snapped out of the trace he had put himself in. Mr. Parker stood up rubbing his head and that familer voice echoed on the walls. Above Mr. Parker stood a floating metal orb with an orange lens. The strange orange lensed orb then said: "Sorry about that usually I have to hit something to make it work down here. Welcome to the portal!" Mr. Parker stood dazy eyed at a glowing green arch way fixated at then end of the room. The orb spoke again: "I'm C1N-M0N but every one calls me Cinnamon or atleast my creator did. Which is why I need your help; my creator built this portal to go back in time in order to stop the thing that killed everyone in that town you crashed in but he hasn't returned. I need your help to find him." Mr. Parker was about to leave when a loud crash came from up above near the entrance. Soon many individuals with guns poured out from said entrance poised to kill poor Mr. Parker. As the bullets flew across the room Mr. Parker uttered his first word to this strange orb and all he said was: "ok." and soon they jumped into the strange green portal.

 I wish I knew what happend next but I haven't been able to find Mr. Parker or Cinnamon since, they have up and disappeared into the vast unknown. If you find them please let me know and Mr. Parker if your reading this Godspeed and do be sade until we meet again.  