"Ok. How are you feeling today?"

"I am quite nervous. Although I suppose that is plain to see; I'm shaking as if the Arctic cold has gripped me."

"Are you okay to carry on? We can always reschedule to a time when you are more comfortable."

"No. No, there are things which must be said, and they might as well be said now." 

"Alright. In a few moments, we will be live. Don't worry, I'll count you into it. When we begin this light will turn red, and you will have to look directly into the camera..." 

"Oh... does it have to be a red light?" 

"Yes. As I was saying, when the light comes on you will have to look into the camera. Look into it when I am talking, but especially when you are talking. Understand?" 

"Y-yes." 

"Good. So..." 

\*murmuring\* 

"Wait, now? Already? Alright, alright. It's time. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1..." 

&#x200B;

On T.V screens all across America, as well as on phones, monitors and tablets in parts beyond, the figure of a broad, uncomfortable-looking man appeared, sitting in a cosy leather chair and trying desperately to maintain eye contact with the dark mechanical lens through which the whole world was now viewing him. 

He wore maroonish trousers, a dark-green patterned shirt, suspenders, and a long and thick white beard which obscured most of his upper torso. On his face - the parts of it you could see - were little round-rimmed glasses, and red blots mostly located at the tip of his nose and the topmost portions of his cheeks. 

The conversation began after only a second or two on screen. 

"Good evening." the unseen interviewer said. 

"Yes. Good evening my dear, how are you?" The broad man in the cosy chair answered in a way that felt bizarre to the viewers. There was endless kindness in his words, but in his eyes, there was... sadness. Dreadful, unexpressed sadness. 

"Would you like to tell the folks at home who you are?" The interviewer asked. Although the viewers could not see it, most could tell that she had nodded to the large man in a way that suggested 'go on, just as we rehearsed' because the man himself almost nodded back. He then said, looking directly into the camera: 

"More than a thousand years ago I was captured while sailing in the north. Before my enslavement people called me Nicholas. But for centuries I have been known by another name: Santa. This is my story."