I felt "different", don't know how to explain it really.  When I woke up and had my morning breakfast and coffee everything felt fine.  When I  left my small studio apartment, passing misses Fischer in the hallway I felt normal.  Even when I reached the soup kitchen the next block over the world just felt...right.

Yet somehow, in this moment; nothing feels right.  I feel the pangs in my stomach, the tightness in my muscles as if I haven't slept for weeks.  My hands are dirty, my clothes stink and are stained so badly that I can't recall what color this shirt was supposed to be when I put it on this morning.

I'm lost, sitting in an empty lot with a small shiv in one hand and a slowly bleeding finger from my other.  People are avoiding me as I walk down the street, slowly stumbling and searching for any resemblance of normality.  "Oak Street", that's, that's six blocks away from my apartment and in a completely different direction from the soup kitchen I was heading too.  I reorient myself and begin the trek back home; my body tired, exhausted and spent.

I stumble up the stairs to my apartment, the whole building reeks and I can barely breathe without coughing.  All my neighbors doors are hanging open, TV's playing static while random cats and dogs jitter from door to door.  My world begins to spin, my hands looking for purchase on anything to keep me from falling over.  I collapsed to my knees and a sudden jolt of clarity hit me like a belly flop at Indian Lake.

I'm not in a hallway, I'm not in my apartment building either.  Everything is white, then black; and I hear a voice in the distance.  It sounds like Miss Fischer, no; its more masculine.  I'm starting to remember, oh god I remember!

Oh god no!  Noooo!  This is it; my last meal was served.  The witnesses were called and none of my family could bare witness to the shame I caused them.  They said it would be painless, I wouldn't feel a thing.  So why am I awake and why do my veins burn like lava, oh god oh god.. OH god... OH GOD NOOOOO! 

I felt "different", don't know how to explain it really.  When I woke up and .........