The strata of rocks rose above Luke's head. Red and copper, with silver glinting through the dust. His own breathing was the only thing he could hear, the burst of static from the radio dimming into the distance as he looked at the flag. A wire ran through it, keeping it upright. Due to the exposure, it had been bleached almost white, but it was still unmistakeable. The pale shape of a hammer and sickle on a background that had once been bright red. 



Luke moistened his lips and reached out to touch it. A Soviet flag, and he was too young to have seen the Space Race of the 60s, but this would have been shouted from the mountains. Where were the bases? Even in the dying days of the Cold War it had never been mentioned. Luke scanned the landscape, wondering if he would see some clues as to why the flag stood there, but there was nothing. The sand lay in settled ridges around it. Dust, as far as Luke could see. 



*This shouldn't be here.* 




In the box he carried, the rocks were beginning to weigh him down. Samples, for the small team in the Rover. Him, Tori the All-American girl, and Parker, the foul-mouthed Australian who was bitter about working with Americans. Already he was past the time he'd expected to be out for. Massive over-provision of supplies allowed for delays, but he couldn't stay out here indefinitely. 



"Base," Luke spoke quickly and quietly into the Snoopy Cap. "This is Greenman, I've come across something weird. Taking photos now." 



He raised the camera and pressed the button, allowing a stream of images to be taken and sent instantly back to the Rover. He imagined Parker swearing under his breath at having to come and join Tori at the screens, checking the display, the flag stood square against the drab landscape. His throat was surprisingly dry. Luke coughed. Spit wouldn't form in his mouth. 



In his ear, Tori replied. Her voice had a twinge in it that Luke didn't recognise. The usually chirpy voice was gone: underlaid was a current of fear. 



"Greenman, this is Woods," she started. "Is something affecting your connection? We're only hearing gibberish." 



"This is Greenman, what do you mean, gibberish?" 



"You're not making any sense," Tori's voice rose to a crescendo. "Are you okay? The photos--" 



She'd abandoned protocol. Luke frowned. His lips were chapped. When he moved, the dryness split and blood began to run over his chin. He extended his tongue, but the droplet ran faster and he could no longer reach it. 



"Damnit," he growled. With gloves and the cask, he'd have to wait until he returned to clean his face. The flag stood resolutely still. In his ear, white noise whispered. He sniffed, feeling blood begin to leak out of one nostril. Frustrated, Luke turned and headed for the Rover, still feeling some elation at bounding across the rocky ground. Day on Mars, the sky was a pale blue, greyer than on Earth. The blood from his nose became a torrent, leaking and dripping over his lips. He could taste the iron of it, and tears leaked from his eyes. 




The Rover stood stoically flat over the next series of mounds. Orange dust swept up to it, covering every inch of its bulky frame. The thick windows glinted silver. 



"This is Greenman," he said as he approached. The rocks seemed to be becoming heavier. Pressing him into the ground. Luke ran a hand under the strap of the box. It was then he noticed the blood on his hands as well, leaking through the gloves. It stemmed from around his fingernails, though he felt no pain. 



There was no answer from the Rover. 



"This is Greenman," he said again. 



"We can't open," Tori's frightened voice came back. "We see you outside Luke, we can't let you in." 


Something broke and fell in Luke's mouth. He spat it out; a rush of blood and saliva. A tooth sat against the screen of his cask, down to the root. Some of the gum had come out, too, and it glistened in front of him. Terror twisted within him. 



"They're in the air, Luke," Tori said again. "They're in the air, we can see them in the photos, and now they're inside you." 


The liquid that trickled from his eyes wasn't tears. Luke's heart began to pound, fear eating in his belly. 



"Look at the photos," Tori said. "Oh god, look at the photos." 



--------


/r/Schoolgirlerror for more stories, though this is one of my first attempts at science fiction. 