Curiosity was replaced by apprehension as the faces from the past swam through my mind. Every person I'd hurt, but who would stand above. The curtain vanished and recognition was followed by distaste. Overweight, bad teeth, thinning hair. Not ugly but not far off and his personality did not shine through.

I shouldn't have been surprised. So many deserved that spot, seemingly everyone I'd ever been close to, but of course none more than myself. I didn't know whether to curse him or to apologize. I bit my lip and balled a fist. He could talk first.

He looked me over calmly, almost smugly, tilting his head a bit. "No need to apologize."

It was easy enough to curse him after that. "Fuck you! What's you're goddamn problem."

His voice was infuriatingly soft now, "There is no problem. Everything is good. We are good." He took a step toward me.

My knuckles whitened, "What's that supposed to mean. Nothing's good, certainly not you."

"You don't have to hide anymore." A whisper now as he inched closer, "Accept me." 

I looked at his chest, his feet, his forehead. Anywhere but his eyes. "Go to hell," I rasped.

He paused and looked down into the nothingness for a long moment. "I can do that," he said with certainty. He stared into my eyes and I couldn't help but meet his gaze. "I can do that," softer this time. 

A short eternity later he spoke, "As you wish."

"Wait!" I gasped, tears welling. Shoulders bent, no longer daring to look near him, "I want you."

He grabbed my hands softly. He caressed me warmly until I stopped shaking and stopped crying. He kissed my hands. He kissed me and I kissed him back. Tears again, but this times tears of happiness.

As we approached the pearly gates, Saint Peter asked if I had made amends. "He has indeed," said my other half proudly.

"Then you may enter," said the saint opening the gate, "I hope you will always remember that a man who cannot love himself is unable to love another, and a man who cannot love another will never know how to accept love in return.