Atop a lone hill overlooking Appalachia stood a single, glowing ghoul. It looked like it had once known a good life, but now it was simply reduced to barely more than a skeleton. As it shambled down the hill towards the Red Rocket below, it’s red flame shirt and frosted tips swayed gently in the wind. Two other ghouls followed behind, one with a camera and one with a boom mic. Once the irradiated trio reached the doors of the decaying restaurant, the ghouls inside looked up in confusion. The one in the flame shirt turned to the camera and began speaking.

“What’s up? I’m Ghoul Fieri, and today I’m checking out this Rockin’ Red Rocket. I’ve heard Mama Jane is throwing down some bombin’ fried Mole Rat that the patrons are just eatin’ up in this joint. Let’s find out the secret recipe that makes this joint put the Shama Llama in ding dong!”

Turning around to face the doors again, the ghoul trio proceeded in towards the kitchen. Once they had reached the ghoul inside, Ghoul Fieri put his arm around the chef and began talking to the camera again.

“This here is Mama Jane, and she’s the head honcho whose throwin’ down the food that takes the patrons out there to flavortown. So Jane, what’s you secret?”

The confused ghoul looked at the camera and hesitantly began speaking. “Well, Ghoul, I can’t give away my secret recipe, but I can tell you that one of the secret spices is a little grated Vault-Dweller skin.”

“Amazing Jane. You know you ought a just serve that up on a garbage can lid. What’s that you got cookin’ over there?”

“That is my famous, Super Mutant Gravy, Ghoul. I simmer Super Mutant bones for 24 hours and then add a little flour to thicken it up.”

“You know Jane, you would be the Vice President of Flavortown.”

The glowing Ghoul Fieri shambled out of the kitchen, looked at the camera, and said, “Thanks for tuning in on Diners, Drive-in’s, and Dies!”

———

If you’d like to check out some of my other writing, give my sub a look: r/HittmanA I’ll be adding more soon :D