It wasn't the crowd, or the shouting, or the fire, but her body that shocked her the most.  She felt frail and ached all over. She looked down to see her hands.  They were cracked like aged leather.  Her skin papery and thin.

"Where am I?  What's happening?"  She asked the crowd.

A man turned to her. He must have been at least 50.

"Grand-mère," he said, placing a hand on her shoulder, "c'est la révolution!"

She never learned french, but had understood this man.  'Grand-mère'?  Suddenly the memories hit her.  She had grown up in Paris, the daughter of a cobbler.  Her calloused hands reflected the work she devoted herself to for years.  She married a tailor, a younger man with a calm nature and strong, imperial beliefs. He had passed instantly in '76 when news from the America's came to France.

Pushed and shoved by the crowd, Michelle began thinking of a simpler time.  Her childhood had been quiet, not loud and rebellious.  She thought back on her youth.  She thought of the French countryside, the devotion to the King, and the simpler attitude of the 17th century.  She was always forgetting her past.  Surely her grandson would berate her for her forgetfulness.

Her grandson was carrying her out of the crowd. She had fallen when a young man had pushed passes her to get to the front of the crowd.  It was the fourth anniversary of the fall of the Bastille and Paris was on fire.

"Le 14 juillet." Michelle thought fondly. "Je suis née le 14 juillet 1693."  She truly was born in the '90's. A time where revolution was not spoken of.  A time before the Washington's and the Robespierre's.  A time when your biggest concern was marrying the tailor or the fishmonger.  A time of enlightenment, thought, and peace.  But oh,  those years have passed.  

She began to feel that familiar haze.  She new her moment of lucidity would disappear soon.  She smiled, clutching her grandson's arm as he rushed her out of the city square.



The memory of her wish from all those years to come had faded away.