"Hey! Watch where you're going, punk!", a hoarse voice came from the man sitting on one side of the alley. Even with a couple meters separating our faces, I could smell the rancid alcohol beneath the overpowering minty freshness of Listerine. I had felt when my foot nudged the grimy corrugated board that was his bedding-- not that it mattered. I hadn't even broken my stride.

I'd been told that drinking numbed the senses and the mind. A fog of oblivion. What a waste.

At the end of the alley was a wooden box, lacquered and pristine. I wiped it anyways and made sure that the light mounted on top was in good working order. Steadily, I opened the lid and peaked inside. On good days, there would be a lot of marble-sized spheres, each one a slightly different color, but always clouded, muddy, and dark.

Trembling hands reached inside, today was a very good day. There were so many that I couldn't even see the bottom! One by one, I took each marble and crushed it, letting its contents surge into my skin. Like getting a shot of Adrenalin, my pulse raced, and the cold sweat trickle down my shaved head. My heart felt like it would rip in two, but I kept going. Existence was one long sentence that kept going on and on and on, punctuated by these brief infusions of terrible emotion. Time became meaningless as I savored the collection of exquisite pain.

All too soon, my nails scratched the bottom. As much as it hurt, I wanted-- no, needed more. Desperately, I looked closer, and my eyes lit up. Wedged in a corner was a bright yellow half sphere. Fear from one of the others still lingered and I hesitated. What would this malformed trace of emotion contain? Remotely, I registered that maybe this would be the one to break me. Yet, I could feel the warmth where my fingers made contact, an trace of rightness in a world of jagged shards.

I swallowed down the lump in my throat and squeezed. The world brightened. The warmth spread. For the first time, I could see beyond the horizon of that unseen fog. My cheeks hurt, muscles long unused straining from a smile. Then I gazed down to my closed fist, and carefully uncurled my fingers. There, resting on my palm, formed a yellow half sphere, larger and brighter than before.

If that which is given can be taken away, what of that which is shared?