"My skin is iron to their puny swords! One swing of my limbs could level entire villages! My breath is a whirling typhoon which had sunk ships and destroyed entire coastlines! 

And yet here you are, a lanky child standing with an old book and a twig? Come forward maggot and face the wrath of Myz Chu'thl!"

Those were the words of a fool, a fool who had forgotten that even humans may harness the magicks of the Old Gods. It had only taken a whisper of an incantation from that ancient tome to seal me away beneath the earth. I was dragged down deep into the depths of the earth's very core where I was chained down and left to be forgotten. Each day of my imprisonment my power waned and I shrank down to a mere husk of my past self. The humans probably celebrated my so called defeat, those welps haven't seen the last of me.

You see the human boy that sealed me away did indeed use a powerful artifact to imprison me but he had horrendous technique. As my power was drained and dispersed back into the earth, I could eventually also feel the grasps of these chains loosening ever so slowly.

Today was the day that the chains had finally come loose. The incantation's power had run out and now I was free to rule the earth yet again! I spread my wings and with what little strength I had, I pushed through out of this blasted prison and out of the earth's crust.

"Tremble before me mortals! Your eternal lord has retu-" 

BANG! A loud explosion had rang out through the field I was in followed by a loud thud as one of my smaller tentacles fell to the ground. What is this magick!? Have humans advanced this far that they now posses powers even beyond me?

Another loud explosion followed and this time it had hit me square in the head. 

"W-what is this! I am all powerful! What kind of power can dare injure me!" In the first time of my existence, I was truly terrified.

I could hear several more explosions but this were weaker and I assumed they mostly missed as I had not felt anything. I looked around my surroundings and saw the source, two small human boys. Lanky and with peculiar clothes, they carried black sticks made out of wood and metal.

"AGHHH!" I screamed in pain as a shot from their weapons had hit me. This one was painful as I fell to the ground. 

The human boys slowly approached my form. One of them poked me and excitedly said to the smaller one. "JUNIOR! Get the darn tartar sauce and call mama! We're havin some calamari tonight!"


