"Sit down son. We need to talk."

We sat on the soft grass, legs crossed, staring intently into each other's eyes. I didn't know who was more baffled, me, who just realised that my son was indeed not my son, or my 'son', who thought that humans weren't smart enough to notice a change in colour in their perceptory organs, i.e., them turning black.

I began slowly, "We never discuss this amongst ourselves, humans are born with the knowledge of the defence systems. It, however, only comes to memory when we're 'ready'."

"How does one become 'ready'?"

I scratched my face as a growing feeling of uncomfortableness filled my stomach, looked up at the clouds and muttered, "You just need to survive till you're old enough."

The 'son', whose eyes were still very much black and had no intention of ever looking like a pair of normal eyes again because it was a pain in the ass, said, "Oh."

After some silence, the 'son' asked, "Is it fine if you tell me the earth defence system then, even if I'm not old enough?"

"Yeah, sure."

The 'son' was very much surprised. In face he was so surprised, that his eyes almost turned back to being normal for a second. I, of course, knew by now. 'I can't have a son if I'm still a virgin', I thought to myself. Then again, I never really had any affinity for children and wouldn't have gone out of my way to adopt one.

My memories were hazy, but feelings of fatherhood remained and a feeling that I got cheated. The things around me probably weren't as real as that one 'girlfriend' of one of my friends in 5th grade whose face we never saw. The prank-pulling twat.

Nevertheless, I wanted to have some fun because it all felt surreal. Who cares about consequences?

I looked into my son's expectant eyes and said one word, "can-openers"

Technically it was two words.

His mouth dropped.

"I know, I know, it sounds stupid, but it's true."

"C-can openers?"

"Yes"

"Are you joking or..."

I made the most serious look I could muster and said, "Son, I would not lie about things like these."

"O-Okay, now, what exactly do can-openers do to protect earth from alien invaders?"

"What do you mean?" asked my son curiously.

"Well, you asked for the earth's defence systems, correct?"

"Yes." said my son quite rigidly.

"They're can openers. They don't, however, protect earth from alien invaders."

"Why are they called-"

"You are going about this the wrong way child. You need to think about the main enemy of earth.", I said, trying not to break character.

"That would be alien invaders then?"

"Not really, everyone knows it, c'mon!"

The son pondered for some time. It gave me some time to think about what I was going to do to end this conversation.

"It must be dwarves then."

I burst into laughter. I was actually laughing about the fact that he believed the can-opener thing.

"Dad, you're not laughing about the fact that you lied to me about the can-openers, right?"

Shit, he's on to me.

"No, no, I promise you. Oh well, here goes. The real enemy of the earth are pavements."

I let it sink in and continued.

"Don't ask me why, but pavements are known to cuss about the earth under them and the dirt over them from all those dirty shoes. The dirt is also technically from mother earth, so they end up talking quite badly of her and how, well, 'shit', she is."

My son couldn't quite see the connection between can openers and pavements, so I threw in some light,

"You see, at night, the can-openers roam the street arguing with the pavment and, most importantly, winning. They defend earth from relentless verbal abuse of the cruel pavements."

"Right."

I was going to die laughing.

The boy spoke something into his wrist and everything around me turned white.

I laughed and THEN died.

(This was written from heaven, or hell, I really can't tell at this point. It was still worth it though.)