I would be lying if I said that my ability to always make the right decision hasn’t been a big advantage to me in nearly every situation. I’ve never had to study for exams unlike my school mates, which is why I could spend my free time doing whatever I want. I’ve never had troubles with getting to know new people and manipulating them for my benefit, since a display\-like label that floats above their heads shows me what exactly I have to say to make them trust me. But I also have to admit that at some point I was kind of getting bored by everything going flawlessly and my not having to face challenges.

And this is why I decided to try something new, something that I had never done before: I chose not to follow the instructions I’ve been given. Just for once. Back then I hadn’t the faintest idea whether this was a smart or stupid thing to do, but I desperately needed this adrenaline kick, this feeling of excitement I have been longing for all my life and never gotten to experience.

So it was settled. Now I just had to wait for the right opportunity to put my plan into action. The next day at school, as I was walking to my locker to get my books, the students were, as always, connected to a text bubble floating above their heads that contained potential conversation starters for me to use. As I arrived at my locker, I saw Jeanne, a girl from the grade below me, standing in front of her locker next to mine. In her bubble was written:

“Hey Jeanne! I’ve heard you’ve had your maths exam yesterday, how did it go?”

Not following the instructions was harder than anticipated, since I had gotten used to it so much that it has become a kind of reflexive reaction. I gathered myself, focused on what I wanted to tell her, tipped on her shoulder and said:

“Hey Jeanne! Nice weather outside today, don’t you think so?”

I am not able to put into words what happened afterwards. All that I remember is that my vision got very blurry and the world around me started to get distorted. The next thing that I remember is my waking up in a bright white room surrounded by what looked like scientists in a blue lab coat to me. Confused and muddleheaded, I sat up and asked:

“Wh…what is going on? Where am I? What am I doing here?”


 “Don’t worry, Mr. Johnson. You are in the Department of Psychology of Harvard University. You signed up for an experiment with the goal to analyse how children and teenagers react to random orders and whether or not they start to question them at a certain age. We use this data to scientifically support the importance of teaching kids critical thinking from a young age one. Thank you for your participation.”