For the last 3 months ever since i turned 18 actually i've been attacked or at least that's what it seemed liked. Weather its a random stranger tackling me or tripping me or even just pulling me away sometimes,  everyday without fail this happened. They didn't seem to want to hurt me but rather protect me from something or get protected from something. One day i anticipated one of these strangers and  i prepared for the attack. 

It was a regular day in the train station on my way to work as usual . it felt as if my aura was sending out a distress signal for how anxious i was preparing for someone to come for me. And then it happen i see a man about 6’2 running at me he had jeans on and a black hoodie. His face was dark like a shadow  and i couldn't even make out his features , was it because i was perturbed or did he even have human features ? that question made the feeling of anxiety even worst but i was ready . i was prepared to finally get some answers and figure out this personal conspiracy i have been going threw.

The man charged as if he was a football player, like he somehow knew today would be the day i would try to avoid the attack. As he was in mid air i dunked and he flew right over me. And hit the guard with tremendous force.  When he hit the ground he started to scream. He screamed with such agony my anxiety instantly turned into worry and regret.

“Why ?!!? I was almost saved. This wasn't supposed to happen.” the man said in a broad voice.

His dark shadowy face started to illuminate and his skin started to crack .  i quickly go to grab him and try to help 

“Ouch “ was my instant reaction, my arm gets shocked as if i just stuck my hand in a socket. The stranger screamed and his body exploded in a bright dust. 

I was disturbed, confused by what just happened as the his dust particles falls and hit my face i hear a celestial type

voice behind me. 

“You really messed up this time Isis”

I turned around and i seen no one. 

Who is isis i thought? 

The voice appeared again

“You will soon find out”.

&#x200B;

(Still new at this but really want to build my skill)