 The Vault

Day 37

We lost Dr. Luzhkov today. When we were traversing down a slope, the carabiner holding his rope broke and he fell, hitting his head on a sharp rock. It’s a travesty that the most gifted climatologist of his generation should go in such an ignoble way, but Antarctica is an unforgiving place. We made a cairn of stones for Dr. Luzhkov and we read a few verses from that little pocket bible he carried around. We broke into what little rum we have left. Michele says that there’s evil spirits here, and somehow they were responsible. Dr. Greenbow told me not to listen to him, that mountain climbers are always a bit batty. We trek forward.

Day 41

It didn’t get above -20c today. I feel the cold in my skin, in my bones, but most importantly in my soul. Even when we heat up food or drink, I feel like it’s frozen again before it gets down my throat. It’s been so long since I’ve been this cold that I’ve almost forgot what it feels like. Michele seems in strangely high spirits. He says that this weather is reminding him of his time in the Himalayas and it’s making him nostalgic. I’ll never understand Europeans. Hopefully we will reach The Vault soon!

Day 45

Dr. Greenbow almost fell into a crevasse today. We were crossing the ice when she slipped and almost fell to her death; she was tied to Michele and me, and we were able to pull her back up, but it was a close call. I can tell it really spooked Dr. Greenbow. Tonight after we made camp, she went over her notes with me, to make sure I absolutely knew where we were going. We took out the pictures from that cave in Siberia, and she made sure I knew how to read the… the glyphs? The map? The breadcrumbs? Dr. Greenbow was the one who deciphered them, and she doesn’t even know exactly what to call them. Why couldn’t we have found these earlier? Who knows what we could have prevented?

Day 48

We found something! Dr Greenbow was so excited that she started hooting and hollering. Poor Michele thought she had gone mad! But there it was, the glyphs on the side of a mountain, 10 feet tall, pointing the way. The doctor feels vindicated. Maybe there is hope after all.

Day 49

Michele spent the day in a mood. He slept in late, and we had to prod him to actually get out of his tent today. I can tell that with Dr. Luzhkov gone, he and Dr. Greenbow are butting heads over leadership. He think just because he’s a man and he’s climbed a few mountains, he has the right to dictate every single thing to us. He may have a use, but he doesn’t know how to interpret the glyphs, he doesn’t even quite understand why we’re here, only that pretty the world is getting pretty bad. Why couldn’t he have been the one who broke his head open?

Day 50

I read last night’s journal entry with a degree of shame. I think the cold and the long nights are getting to all of us. I should apologize to Michele.

Day 52

Today we saw the Theron Mountains in the distance. They’re still a ways away, but the end of our journey is in site. There’s been less friction today, now that we can see the Therons ahead of us. I feel incredibly nerdy even writing this, but this must have been what Sam and Frodo felt like seeing Mount Doom in the distance. 

Day 54

I was talking with Dr. Greenbow what we’ll do when we get to the vault and meet the Denisovans. Dr. Greenbow thinks she can piece together their language from Proto-Indo-European. It’s a long shot, but it’s all we have. Michele is in a mood again, and thinks it’s all a crazy goose chase, and that we’re all going to die. We’ve tried to explain the cave findings and the atmospheric fluctuations to him, but he muttered something in French about us being pointy headed academics. I’ve quite decided I hate the man.

Day 55

Today, I am alone. Dr. Greenbow and I were talking about what we would do when we reach the Bunker, when Michele snapped, and started to scream at us about the hopelessness of our mission. This lead to a shoving match between him and Dr. Greenbow, and he pushed her off the side of the mountain. I drove my ice pick through his fucking throat, and left him there in the snow to bleed out. He deserves nothing less. 

I built a cairn for Dr. Greenbow… for Yvonne. It feels weird to call her by her first name, but I suppose in death formality matters less. She took me under her wing as a grad student, let me in on her studies… when things started to look dire, she kept us optimistic and on the search for a cure. She was a good woman, a brilliant anthropologist, and I miss her. Maybe some future expedition will find her body. Tomorrow I should reach The Bunker. I don’t know what I’ll find, and I don’t speak Proto-Indo-European, but I guess I owe it to Yvonne to at least finish her journey.

Day 56

What fools are we! I’ll be honest, I wasn’t sure there would be anything in The Vault. The glyphs were 40 thousand years old! But when I reached the spot Yvonne had indicated, there was a metal door just like she had predicted. I opened it and instead of finding old bones or artifacts, there was the most gorgeous room I’ve ever seen, with plush red carpets and golden tapestries on the wall. And It was was full of people! Well, I say people but they looked more like what we imagine as “cavemen,” with the pronounced brow and sloping foreheads. In front was a kindly old man wearing silver robes, holding some sort of box. When he spoke, the box translated what he said into English. He introduced himself as Reibhoalos, and explained they had observed my journey to the Theron Mountains. He listened raptly while I told him everything… how Yvonne and I had found the old inscriptions, how we had pieced it together with signs of carbon in the atmosphere to find evidence of a lost industrial society from a time before modern humans, one with technology possibly greater than our own. 

I told him about the long hot years, nature’s punishment for all the carbon we had pumped into the atmosphere. I related how even now rising sea levels has wreaked havoc across the globe and how we were only able to reach the bunker because the glacier around it had melted. It was our hope… Yvonne’s hope, that the Denisovans had figured out how to solve such a pernicious problem before we baked the entire planet. That’s when Reibhoalos smiled sadly, looked at me, and said. “We solved it too well, and had to hide here from the Ice Age our technology caused. We were hoping you were heralds that the Long Winter was finally over. And now you tell us that instead, you need our help to cause it once more?” He just looked at me with his big expressive eyes, our terrible dilemma clear to both of us. 

Yvonne, some say the world will end in fire, and some in ice. Clearly, we must choose one of the other. 