  The whole thing had started out jovial, almost as a joke. “Let’s see how lucky we’ve really been,” my friend suggested. But the situation was now far from lighthearted. The doctor stared at me, clearly trying to choose his next words carefully. My friend, on the other hand, abandoned any attempt at restraint, “What the fuckkkkk…… what have you been fucking doing with your life?”

The whole situation just gave me a weird sensation; I wondered if there was some Japanese word for what I was feeling right now. Surprise combined with, well, the opposite of surprise. Like, I knew, but I like, didn’t really know, you know? Certainly not my most eloquent explanation, but I feel it captures the essence of what I was feeling. 

“I’ve only seen a number this high once before…,” the doctor trailed off, seemingly lost in thought. Suddenly, he grabbed my hand tightly, and gave me a look of such pain, I normally would have panicked; luckily, I’ve been fairly monotone with my emotions these last couple of years or so. “You’re one of the bravest people I know.” I stared back at him uncomprehendingly. “The fact that you’ve made it this far, the fact that you’re in front of us, breathing, I can’t imagine what you’ve been through.” 

“As a medical doctor, there’s not a lot I can do for you unfortunately. My expertise lies in the physical. But as a former husband, I need you to know you’re not alone. There are so many other experts out there, well-equipped to help you. I’m sure your friend here is willing to help you, your family too. Just… know that you’re not alone, that you don’t have to go through this alone, and that if you take your life, you will leave a scar so big, that those who love you may never truly heal.” 

“Ok,” I said simply, it was all I felt capable of saying at the moment. He looked at me deeply and slowly let go of my hand. As I walked out of his office, I took a long, shuddering breath, as a small smile crept up my face. Seeing that number in front of me was exactly what I needed. I knew I was strong for a fact, I had survived 278 times. For the first time in years, I had conviction; I was no longer going to add to my number. 