"Oh princess, how your face shines delicately in the moonlight!" 

The knight had approached the isolated castle in the deep dark forest. Rumors had spread far and wide about the kidnapped princess who was guarded by a dragon. The truth is, I just prefer living on my own. Well, with my buddy, the dragon of course. His name is Tony, by the way. Funnily enough, Tony is a bit of a nerd when it comes to being a "tough, kidnapping dragon." He played the part well when needed, but it seemed like he enjoyed board games rather then being ferocious. Rumors are never accurate. 

My fork slams down onto the plate. "Ugh, it seems like another one," I sighed. Due to the fact that Tony was a big massive, we had decided to dine outdoors at the back of the castle at night. Most of the time, it was a beautiful and peaceful landscape.

"My darling, please, show yourself!"

Most of the time.

Tony grudgingly raised his bloodied snout from the giant steak he was devouring. "Looks like we're going to have to reschedule game night." he grumbled. I straightened out my dress and headed towards the prison tower. "You know the drill." I told him. I cleared my throat. 

Help! Noble knight!" I cry desperately. "Please, save me from this wretched place!"

"Indeed I will, defenseless maiden.  But I must slay your captor first!"

Just as planned, the "great dragon" landed onto the ground beneath of him, giving a mighty roar. The knight shrank back a bit in fear, but readied his sword anyway.  I sat back as I watched the two battle for a bit. A little bit of dodging flames, some yelling from both sides, nothing new. It was time to use the ace up my sleeve.

"My knight, aim for his tail!" I cry. "It is his weak spot!"

The knight nodded in my direction, and swerved around the side of the dragon and aimed for the tail. As the sword sliced the tail in half, a look of triumph engulfed his face.

Tony fell to the ground in a great splendor of roars and fire before falling onto the ground. The knight, assuming the dragon had been slain, walked over to the corpse of the dragon when -

FWOOOOM

A jet of fire erupted from Tony's mouth as the flames engulfed the knight, turning what was once a man into a pile of dust. 

Tony snorted out some embers as he burst out laughing. "His tail is his weak point! Did you think of that yourself?" he roared with laughter that shook the trees. 

I grinned. "Alright alright, I knew it was a bit corny."

He snorted. "Well, I hope you're happy. It'll take me a whole 3 hours to regrow this damn thing." 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;