During my childhood years, I was required to take my sector's course on religion as a part of my studies. They told stories of the first humans in a place called eden where there was no limit to the space above their heads. They upset their god and his wrath brought the ice. It came from that open space above them. The Heavens. The Skye. Call it what you will. God was angry, and so they decided it was neccessary to hide from him, else he should find them and slay them.

The tunnelled deep underground. Thousands of feet below the surface where they were warm and safe from the fury of the cold and distant god.

Many years after the first grand master, Adam, had birthed all his children, two of them got into a power struggle. Kain killed Abel and became the 2nd grand master. And as the lineage grew, it took many wars and assassinations of the "unholy" men to grow our society.

But what a crock of shit. Everyone knows that there is no such Skye from which a furious god sends down icy storms of wrath. Our world is a brick of solid stone without end, and we have carved out our way. Of course we have teams of explorers and scientists that drill in certain directions trying to prove such theories of find deposits of minerals. Several religious studies teams have even drilled straight up (supposedly the direction of Skye). But none of them have ever found anything to support the religious leaders claims. This cult is run by a dozen or so old "wisemen" that basically steal everyone's money. I have to give them 20% of my wages. Ridiculous.

Other exploring teams have tried to go deeper, but they always run into a place so hot that it melts anything near it. We must have gotten unlucky.

Anyways, my name's John, and I work on Drilling and Exploration 1596 (DE1596).

Each unit has 5 members to operate the drilling equipment and take care of any problems in the tunnel. Right now, our sector has about 200 teams.

Anyways, yesterday we got word that an adjacent team, DE1598, had gone missing. Today we are to check their tunnel and take care of whatever may have murdered them. They were an UP team, so that means we will be climbing stairs for several days straight. Hopefully it is just another pack of coyotes or something and we can take them out pretty easily.

...

Dr. Richard James Decard stood over the four frozen bodies discovered last week in an antarctic region. The thing that confused him most was not the fact that they were newly frozen. Many people get frozen out there on the tundra. It was the fact that their DNA and skull structure were closely related to early neaderthals in combination with the appearance that they had been recently frozen.

Richard called to his assistant, "Tim, would you hand me the magnifier?"

Tim did as he was asked. "Do you think there is sonething wrong with our calculations maybe?".

"No, I have checked them several times. So have 5 of the top researchers around the world."

Richard sighed and said, "I think it would be in our best interest to examine the area in which the bodies were found." He marked a place on his map about 70 miles from the lab. "This is where the newspaper says they were found. Would you set the gps on the rover for these coordinates?"

Tim, left the room and did as the professor wished.

...

The icy wind blasted Richard and Tim's frostbitten faces. An unexpected storm had caught them off guard on the 2nd day of their 4 day journey. They kept pushing through, however, following the gps, through the vast expanse of white nothingness. The wind howled at verocious speeds, making it nearly impossible for them to communicate.

...

John's legs were sore. Today they had followed their tunnel all the way back to the fork, then started the grueling journey up the stairs.

Normally they only passed this offshoot on their twice-monthly journeys for their off week.

Tomorrow, they hoped to finish the journey and take care of the problem at the end of the tunnel.

...

DE1596 continued. The day was drawing to a close and they still weren't even close to the end.

...

It was John's turn to lead today. After awhile, a long way off in the distance, Joe saw a light. But it didn't look like the typical lantern light.

...

There were legends about DE crews breaking into the Skye and being consumed by the gods. These myths circulated around the bars and taverns, and between crews. And every story ends the same. The crew was never to be seen again, disappearing into the Skye to be torn apart. Forever floating upwards without the gravity of the rock above to keep them in place.

And John didn't ever have much faith in fiction. But it was impossible to deny it with what he now saw.

...

Crouching between the trees, DE1598-5 saw two men in a rover approach The Opening. These must be the gods, come to take him away.

What had he done? Exposing the sacred and hidden sector for the gods to come ravage everything humanity had built.

He would go down in the writings as an evil bastard child responsible for the destruction of decent society.

He moved deeper into the woods and lay down to catch some sleep, the blood still covering his upper body, and the fur of a bear keeping him warm.

He was surprised by how big the coyotes were up here.

And he was playing in the realm of the gods.

...

John looked at it. He couldn't believe his eyes. There was an small hole ahead of him WITH NO ROCK ABOVE IT. He was petrified.

"We must report this to the grand master, immediately. Get ready to go, we aren't sleeping."

The weary crew picked up their jaws and talked amongst themselves while beginning he journey back.

...

edit: oops, Joe and John are the same person.