"Call the number private," the general sputtered orders as he limped toward the phone. 

"But Sir you told me to-" the private was cut off by the glare from the general a glare that had been sharped over a dozen years by the whetstone of command. "Calling sir."

The private called the number. He wasn't supposed to be the one doing it, but it was the wrong time to be asking questions about who needed to do what. The entire world had moments until everything was going to go to shit, they needed him.

The phone rang, then rang again, then rang a third time-

"Hello, this is Genos," the cyborg said on the other end of the phone. He'd been waiting by the phone all day for this call, for any call.

"Oh hello Genos, this is a matter that calls for Sai-ta-ma," the Private read the name off the sheet to make sure he said it right, "could I please speak to-"

"Don't worry, anything that would bother my Master right now is something that I can take care of." The cyborg struck a pose that nobody could see because he was on the phone.

The private covered the mouthpiece of the phone. "We have a man named Genos-"

"I don't want Genos," the commander spat, "he's just going to come here and get beat before Saitama shows up. We don't have time for Shonen bullshit, I just need one punch thrown now.

The private got back on the phone. "I'm being told I really need to speak to Saitama." the private could hear the phone on the other end getting crushed in the hands of the powerful, but outclassed cyborg on the other line. 

"Fine," Genos sighed before throwing the phone to the other side of the room, Saitama snatched it out of the air.

"Hey."

"Saitama?" the private asked.

"Saitama, hero for fun."

"Perfect, we need you down at Area 51, immidi-" 

"Don't think I can do that today," Saitama said, "America is pretty far and there is a sale I don''t wanna miss on Udon noodles. Those things are expensive."

"We can get you noodles!" The private spat without thinking. He covered the mouthpiece of the phone. "Can't we?" he asked the General.

"He's only asking for noodles?" the General gasped.

"Yeah it-" the private pulled his hand off the phone. "Udon noodles right?" 

"Yep! Can you really pick those up for me?" 

The private raised an eyebrow at the commander who gave a pained thumbs up. "Absolutely," the Private answered."You can pick them up here. Now what we're dealing with is-" the line went dead. The private held the phone to his ear in shock. They'd been abandoned, they'd been tricked. They were doo-


The roof above the private shattered as a brilliant bald head and yellow suit came darting over the building with enough force to tear everything around it apart. A cataclysmic power that could only be wielded by one man.

[ONE PUNCH MAN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TUTJ0klnKk)

**/r/JacksonWrites for more shenanigans.**