First time I've written since high school, so, yay? Hope I'm not too late for some feedback.



-- The air became cold and oppressing. A static charge filled my mind and consumed my vision. I felt my body collapse downward, no, outward? Little pin prick sensations, like when your arm falls asleep, filled the void. Where did I go?

Suddenly, I became aware. Something wasn't quite right. I was wrapped in a thick veil of near numbness. I knew I was standing again but I couldn't move. I couldn't control any bit of myself. Vision slowly crept back into focus. It all felt so dreamy. --

I stepped forward, trying my best not to lose my lunch. The jump takes a lot out of you. I looked around to find my drop point was a little off. Not by much but enough to make things challenging. That's the point anyway, right? My position was concealed well enough. I spot her leaning against the bench where my Alternate had just collapsed. I took a few measured breaths. That was about all I had time for, ironically. Like a predator locked in on its prey I broke cover and made the mad sprint across the grounds. She noticed me within a couple seconds, obvious confusion written across her features. Except for her eyes. As always, her eyes gleamed with fear.

Rightfully so. 

-- Pressure, then the deafening static returned. I began to feel again but I wish I hadn't. Coldness that burns like your skin is being slowly shorn away. Pressure, then it was like reality itself burst.
My eyes nearly ripped themselves open, my lungs filled like a vacuum seal had been released, and my torso jolted upright so vigorously that I threw myself from my seat. Within an instant my body felt like
new, or at least normal. My mind felt light-years away so it was a little hard to tell. What just happened? 

I had been hanging out with Dani behind the library, waiting for class as usual. She had just picked up a new book. Something about quantum mechanics maybe? She was going on about how it was just "a matter of time" before time travel was figured out. Well no shit. I humored her though. Told her that if either of us were the ones to do it, we should come back to this moment. We shook on it. What a trip that would be.

I had forgotten about the present. It was the sirens that brought me back. Something familiar, almost comforting to hear. Only I didn't realize why they were closing in on me. I had been staring at the first piece of the puzzle for a while, but it didn't click until then. I was kneeling in a pool of blood, thick and congealing fast. The putrid iron scent only beginning to register. The sirens were growing louder. I looked to where Dani had been before. Shock would be an understatement for what I felt. I had only just regained clarity and already it was slipping away. The sirens were on me now. All I could do was stare at the mangled corpse of my best friend. I felt my body being restrained by something. I couldn't bring myself to respond to something so comparably inconsequential. As I was being dragged away I noticed Dani's
book. It was propped against the bench, facing me, with a single bloody hand slathered over the cover; 'Entanglement and the Quantum Conscience'. 
