The walls of the hallway were as bland as the rest of the ship. Despite being pristine, the white walls of cabin C3-T were horrendous on the eyes.

As I made my way down the corridor I bumped into another god damned cleaning rover - there's just about more robots on this ship than humans. The buggers are all over the place, especially in this part of the ship, as things tend to get messy.

After proceeding past countless numbered cells I finally arrived at cell #0142, my first assignment of the shift. My long, cruel shift

Prisoner #0142's chart was pretty surprising. 36 year old male with no major health problems. He had been picked up a little over 100 days ago yet he had an average production rate of over 1500ng. Prisoners usually only last a few weeks at most before they break and after that their production plummets.

It's crazy what money will drive a civilization to do.

The first assignment of the shift was always the hardest. After a series of deep breaths I finally forced myself into the cell. As soon as the door opened prisoner #0142 scurried to the corner of his cell, quickly beginning to hyperventilate. A good sign.

I rushed to the side of the prisoner and threw in a combination of punches. I don't like hurting them I really don't, but it's my job.

As he cowered in the corner I took out the extracting device and jammed it into the side of his neck, aiming for the biggest vein in sight. Contact was made and and the device quickly began filling. The most effective way of extracting adrenaline is via blood, the only downside is that you have to take a lot.

As the container slowly filled to maximum capacity I began to feel even worse for #0142. After a quick glance at his eyes I realized he was blind, though it wasn't noted on his chart. That may explain his high production rate, he has no idea what's going on. He might not even know he's left earth.

After filling the canister I quickly stood up and left the cell, fleeing to the hallway and quickly closing the door behind me. He didn't appear to be moving.

The first one of the day was always the hardest, I reminded myself, as I slid the canister into one of the passing storage bots whilst grabbing a fresh extractor.

Time for prisoner #0143.