She stood in front of me, eyes gleaming. Her hands clasped mine as she tugged me towards the bathroom.

"Other dimension?"

Her head nodded eagerly.

"1000 years?"

Her head bobbled more vigorously.

"Dragons?"

She grinned and her head almost fell off from the momentum of her nod.

I pulled my hand from hers, and my fingers immediately began pulling at my hangnails. I eyed my wife nervously. She looked exactly the same when she had entered the bathroom five minutes ago. Maybe slightly more disheveled? Could just be my imagination though.

I gestured cautiously towards her general direction. "Why are you still wearing your pajamas if it has been a thousand years? Did you wear your pajamas the entire time? That seems odd, right? I mean, nothing is different..."

My voice trailed off because that was wrong. She was different, in her straight posture, the confidence in her voice. She possessed the almost annoying air of someone who has found herself through interesting and life changing adventures, and now knew with certainty on how the world worked. She reminded me of my sister after she took that college trip to save orphans in Tibet. My nose wrinkled in worry.

"Oh god, you had a stroke." I moaned.

"Nononono. No." She waved her arms in protest. "No strokes. No brain tumors. No aneurysms. No... Nothing. Nothing medically is wrong. I just a found a magic portal... which returned me in my original pajamas." She stared at her old and ragged fleece shirt in confusion. "And I gained back all that weight. Huh, now that you mention it, that is a weird detail."

I looked at her aghast. "Can you smell toast? I hear that is an early sign of strokes." I sniffed the air and gasped. "I can smell toast. Are we both having strokes?"

"Oh, by Stalo's Oar, I am not having a stroke! You are not having a stroke! You are making breakfast!" She stared at me momentarily before sighing and looking towards the ceiling for help. "Geromi said this was a bad idea. I probably should've listened."

"You remembered I was making breakfast after a thousand years?"

Her eyes snapped in anger, and I felt a rumble go through my spine. I meekly looked away. 

"Look. Just... just humor me okay?" Her voice was soft, but had a hint of desperation. "I haven't seen you in a thousand years. It took me forever to figure out how to get back. To get back to you. I've missed you so much, that all I can remember was the last moment I saw you. With your bedhead, your glasses sagging on your nose. Wandering around half sleep, making breakfast in an almost terrifying manner. I defeated dragons, allied with wizards, and saved kingdoms. And all of it was because I had to get back here. To this moment."

There was silence as she looked deeply into my eyes. A small bit of laughter hesitatingly broke from my lips. "Wow, you've gotten really good at expressing yourself. That felt like something out of a movie."

"Yeah, the whole heart felt speech thing was really big over there. I got pretty good at it. But everything I said was true."

I shrugged helplessly. "If I humor you, and nothing happens, we'll drop this, okay? Well, not totally drop. We should probably take you to a doctor. Or a therapist. Or both."

That self assured grin again spread across her face. She leaned forward, pressing her temple against mine. She breathed in deeply before pulling me towards the bathroom. "You won't regret it."

Moments later, I was gasping on the ground. Dirt shook under my hands as a woman who looked remarkably like my wife jumped around an ogre with a broadsword. Except, she was wearing armor, had long hair done up in dashingly disheveled braids, and had an exceptionally toned body. With a flip and a tumble under grasping fists, the heavy weapon swung upwards and she pierced the throat of the monster. Green blood spewed forth, and the large ogre stumble backwards with a ragged bubbling. With a setting sun silhouetting his grotesque form, he fell backwards dramatically off a cliff we happened to be near. 

The woman posed before me, where a few splatters of blood made her look heroic but not disgusting. "Well, that wasn't the best first impression of the place." She quipped. 

A tree crashed down near me. "Huh, you don't say."

She knelt next to me. "No worries. We are like the heroes in this world. We are destined to survive anything in order to save this world."

"You mean, you are."

She looked at me quizzically. "What do you mean?"

"The toilet brought you here. You alone. But not me. Toilet didn't give me a second glance."

"I am not following you. You are here now-"

"Because of you! The hero from another world. You are either supposed to learn some life lesson but then return to your old life with a new purpose, or stay in this new world with a new purpose. You aren't, well, you can't be mixing them around!"

I sighed, and looked at the sickly beautiful scenery around me. Quivering leaves, babbling brooks, a worrisome cloud of dust moving in our direction. She followed my gaze, and her lips tightened.

I got up and wiped down my jeans. "I've played enough RPGs to know how this turns out. At best, I just become a lowly merchant who gives you good deals on items. At worst, I die a tragic death to move along your character development. Any which way, that roving dust will have nothing positive in it for me."

I looked stoically into the distance, and a wind swept the hair across my eyes. The deepening sun casted moody shadows down upon us through the building clouds. I groaned, and shook my head irritably and stepped defiantly into the last bit of sunlight. "Shit, it's already happening. Where's a pub?"

Her face brightened and she eagerly took my hand. "Oh, I knew you would come around. Are we are going on a quest?"

"Wow, you still don't get it." She smiled and tilted her head in question. Her wide blue eyes looked at me with love and excitement. My heart trembled and my ball of rage and fear crumbled momentarily. I took her hand. "Eh, whatever. Sure, going on a quest. Let's get to a pub. I need to figure out how to become a minor character who isn't needed to drive any story lines."


