"You have quite favorable accomodations" Gillard mused while admiring the decor of Mr. Rosemay's office. Holding a particularly valuable wood sculpture of flower buds crafted by Navajo artisan in the 1600's, admiring every angle of the small yet stunning beautiful craftsmanship. "Imagine this piece was rather expensive."

Mr. Rosemay sat uncomfortably in his chair. The presence of Gillard and two other members of the Corporate Integrity Agency, otherwise known as the C.I.A., was an unexpected fright in his daily routine. David Geomane Rosemay was not a particularly healthy fellow, and despite the help of a dietician and weight loss instructor had amassed considerable weight in a world relatively free of fatty or unhealthy foods. Nearing his fortieth birthday he had only been running Rose Agri, a company founded by his late grandfather, for less than a decade since his own father retired at the usual age of fifty-five. Due to his weight and age Rosemay had a habit of sweating profusely even in cold climates for no particular reason. Except for today, today he had a particularly good reason to be sweating profusely. 

"My f-father bought it, left it in the office as a g-gift... when he retired, you know." Mr. Rosemay stuttered in a rushed tone.

"Oh yes, Mr. Rosemay..." Gillard trailed off as he placed the sculpture gently back at its resting place. "I know everything." He continued, glancing at the overweight corporate leader sitting a few meters away.

A long moment of silence followed as Gillard's aquaintinces, Uriah and Jolly, stared emotionlessely at Mr. Rosemay from the doorway while Gillard continued to inspect the room.

"Is... Is there a reason for your visit?" Mr. Rosemay asked in a hushed voice.

"Yes." Uriah and Jolly stated in unison. 

More silence.

"Your family has owned the licensing for various agricultural products in this region for three generations so far." Gillard stated aloud without facing anyone in particular. "Over sixty years of renewed government licensing which has permitted your family to live in luxury at the expense of others labors."

"My grandfather built this comp-" Mr. Rosemay began in an attempt to defend himself, a natural response to being insulted. Gillard closed the distance between them in less than a second, moving at a pace hardly recognisable as human, to grip the hand of Mr. Rosemay from the table it had been resting on. Any shred of self respect drained from the large fellows face in an instant as he fell silent. 

Gillard looked over Mr. Rosemay's hand with strange intent. A curious look of mock confusion across his brow.

"Odd." Gillard stated. "These don't look like the hands that built this company." Gillard finished his statement by releasing Mr. Rosemay from his grasp and taking seat across the table from the terrified man. "Do not speak for those whom you do not represent." Gillard warned cheerfully, a terrifying paradox of emotions. 

Tense silence.

"You messed up Dave." Gillard sighed with a smile. "You messed up bad. Shush shush" Gillard quiteted Mr. Rosemay before he could speak to defend himself.

"The people are the government. The government regulates the industry. The industry provides for the people. And for three hundred years our nation has flourished." Gillard regaled as he monologued to the extremely sweaty man across from him. "Population growth is stable and regulated, construction and remodeling programs are funded and regulated, healthcare and social security are easily available to all citizens and regulated, and agricultural production is... can you guess?... regulated." Gillard detailed with gandjeur. "Every cob of corn is accounted for, every grape is numbered and listed, and every single shipment your company exports to the local markets is written down onto a piece of paper and mailed to our offices." He paused to smirk at Mr. Rosemay for a moment. By now the middle aged man knew what they had come for and was merely awaiting their verdict.

"So tell me why an inconsistency equal to two percent of your annual revenue has appeared in my paperwork?" Gillard proded rhetorically. "Where did that two percent of revenue disappear to?" Gillard continued menacingly. "Let me tell you what I think. That two percent of your companies income vanished into a banking system outside this nation's jurisdiction. I think someone with access to the shipment manifests, annual reports, and payment contracts smudged the details to have that money stored away for them in a safe place. Am I right?" Gillard nodded towards Mr. Rosemay. The other man remained deathly silent. 

"Of course, transporting wealth outside of national borders without government authorization is illegal. So is forging official documents to manipulate industrial reports. Because both of those things affect the people. We made those laws, you and me, together." Gillard gestured towards Mr. Rosemay. "They keep everyone happy, healthy, and honorable. No one in our nation is homeless, no one lacks a voice, and no one goes without, because we all work for each other." Gillard finished up by spreading out his arms in a gesture towards the world. 

"And then you had to go and be a greedy little bastard. Planning on leaving the country? Quiet retirement at your two-story home in the countryside not enough? Perhaps instead of time with the grandchildren you wanted lavish palace parties and butlers?" Gillard accused with a hint of disgust.

Both men sat in silence for a quiet moment. Mr. Rosemay looked down with his hands shaking on the table while Gillard rubbed his temples. Stress of dealing with corporate crooks had taken it's toll on Gillard's mind and body. Still in his late twenties Gillard had seen the absolute worst society had to offer, how power, wealth, and entitlement turned men into monsters. And it was his job to hunt these monsters. 

Gillard rose from his seat. "Your assets have been seized by the government. You and your family will not be entitled to corporate licencing for the year of 1864 or any year to follow. You will stand trial for industrial treason and brought to judgement before a jury of your peers. The agency will take control of your duties as oversight for agricultural production in this region until the licence is issued to a new company..." Gillard trailed off for a moment as he adjusted his belt. "The profits you have stored illegally out of country have already been seized and returned to the economy. My associates will escort you to the capitol where you will await to stand trial. Do not worry for your family, your actions will not reflect upon them. You are an individual who has committed a crime against the nation and will be accordingly treated as a singular entity."

As Gillard finished speaking both Uriah and Jolly moved forward to help Mr. Rosemay from his seat. Only heavy breathing could be heard from the man who had just lost everything. As the three left the room Gillard remained behind, waiting until he was alone before picking up the office phone and dialing a twelve number sequence that was considered among the most valuable of national secrets in the world. 

Three rings before a pick-up.

"Gillard reporting. Mr. Rosemay has been detained." Gillard spoke calmly, as if speaking to a childhood friend. "We went through the documents at location prior to the meeting, it seems he acted alone, further inquiry may be required if the funds reclaimed from outside the borders don't match our files." Gillard explained with a casual tone.

*Three hundred and fifty miles away at the national capitol building.*

"Good work." I praised through the telephone handle. "Try to be back in town for dinner Friday, your mother keeps badgering me to try my hand at that Sushi recipe from the recipe-book the Japanese ambassador sent. She won't say it but she'd love for you to be there. Been a few months since we sat down for a home cooked meal together." I rambled while spinning around in my swivel chair. 

"No problem, dad." Gillard replied with a hint of enthusiasm. "I'll stop by the office once I'm back in town, see you in a few days." Gillard promised before hanging up.

I smiled as I put the handle down. If I can raise future generations to be half as good as him, then dying in two hundred or so years doesn't sound so bad.






