Gabe was sleeping. His room was silent, eerily so. The old wood wasn’t creaking, the branches next to the roof weren’t clattering. It was still.

Suddenly a thunderous sound erupted from just beyond the horizon. A flash of light towered in the sky for a brief moment before dissipating. This woke Gabe from his slumber, he looked around confused and tired. He yawned.

And went back to sleep... he’s... he’s sleeping again. There’s the sound of some great calamity trickling into earshot. But it doesn’t seem to wake Gabe. He tosses a bit. Still sleeping. Out of nowhere a voice, like a bellowing warcry, sounded from the horizon. It was so powerful it shook the rickety shutters off the windows and pushed back all the clouds for miles and miles around.

The drizzling grey morning became a bright and sunny day, the sunlight burst through Gabe’s curtains and spilled across his face. He raised a hand to shield his eyes. The sun’s little needles finding their way between his fingers. He was awake now. Finally. After sitting up, he started off for the dresser to prep-
No wait... no, he’s just heading straight for the stairs, in a pair of very well worn tighty whiteys.  Not to say he wore them with style. 

He stumbled down the stairs. Essentially on autopilot, he found his way to the coffee maker. He grabs the pot and begins to pour into a cup on a nearby counter. He pours for several moments before realizing there’s no actual coffee in the pot. He groans, his arms falling limply to his sides as he throws his head back in despair. He begins searching or the bean grinder. Another loud crash is heard,  not just heard this time but felt. Everything shook for a moment as an object approached from the horizon at incredible speed and slammed into the field across the way from Gabe’s home. 

Gabe was startled, looking around however he did discover the bean grinder. Which apparently is more interesting than what’s going on across the street. Gabe doesn’t seem to notice the girl with wild pink hair bursting from the dirt mound accumulated by the crashing thing. That thing apparently being her, Gabe however doesn’t seem to notice any of this... not at all huh?

Just gonna grind up some beans? Instead of maybe check out what the hell that thing headed this way is? No? Okay.

He plugged in the grinder and poured the beans. He start the little machine up as a figure closed in from the distance. It was massive, it moved with a malicious purpose like a professional sprinter who likes to kill with his bare hands. It was huge, as it got closer and closer it’s scale became more and more apparent. It was like a large flaming shadow of a man with crimson eyes.

Gabe’s beans were finished grinding and he poured them into a filter. Put the filter in place and began the process. He sniffed up a string of snot that had begun to drop from his nose. Outside the pink haired woman entered a low stance, drawing a circle in the dirt with her foot. Energy crackled up from the ring she’d drawn and formed a shell just in time. The creature had lunged and would have crushed her for sure had she done it a moment too late. Meanwhile Gabe’s water heated and he continued to wait, completely apathetic to the incredible battle happening outside his kitchen window.

The woman was holding her own, conjuring symbols that exploded into devastating attacks, leaping out of the way of the beasts crushing blows in the knick of time, it’s all very impressive really.

... can... can I be narrating that instead? Hmm? What, oh really, so I’m assigned to him? I just- well yeah I know it’s my first day but, god he’s just so dreadfully boring... okay, okay. Understood. 

Gabe was looking for a mug. Seems strange he can’t find one. It is his house after all, but that’s just the kind of guy Gabe is apparently. Why wouldn’t they be the place where you keep your mugs, I don’t know but-

Woah! the pink haired woman crashed through the dining room wall, and demolished the table. Gabe... still, somehow still unphased by all this, continues searching for a mug. The woman stood, miraculously unharmed, she shook the splinters from her hair and began drawing a sigil in the air in front of her. Where she marked alighted the air with a wispy blue flame, words in an ancient tongue hung until she completed the inscription. The shadow monster’s head appeared in the hole the woman had left in the side of the house. As he did the woman uttered something. 

Gabe slurped his coffee, making it impossible to hear what she’d said. Then the words let forth a torrent of blue flame so intense it vaporized the monster’s nefarious face. It reeled back and pawed at it’s missing cranium, until it finally collapsed with a thud that shook Gabe’s kitchen. Soon after it lost its form and liquefied. The woman was sitting on the floor, visibly exhausted. Gabe walked over to her drinking his coffee.

“Package came for you the other day, I signed for you.” He spoke looking out the gaping hole in the wall. 

“What was in it?” She looked up at him.

“Nothin.” He took a sip.

“What do you mean? Who sends an empty package?” She was confused. “Did it say where it was from?”

“Narrative Inc? Narrative Co, I dunno something like that.” He shrugged.

“Wait, you signed for it? Did you use your name or mine? She looked worried.

“Mine.” 

“Goddamnit Gabe! Do you know how long I’ve been waiting for this? They don’t give narrators to just anyone.” Her anger outweighed her exhaustion. She stood, a good deal taller than him. He walked away into the kitchen, setting his cup on the counter.

“I’m sorry I didn’t know.” He was pouring cereal now, halfheartedly listening. “Can’t you just call and tell them to change it?” This sparked something inside her, her eyes got wild.

“No asswipe! I can’t, because once they assign it, it’s there for life, I need to go through evaluation all over again, and then get on the waiting list again, and wait years and years again. Why didn’t read what you were signing? Gah you know when I agreed to this little thing with you, I did so only because I thought you wouldn’t be problematic. This, this is problematic.” She was seething; something Gabe appeared completely oblivious to as his response was.

“Jesus calm down-“ poor poor Gabe. He was about to ask her where the milk was, but he uttered those cursed words and with that she muttered something and snapped her fingers. Green flames consumed Gabe from the inside out and he burned to ash in no time at all. 

Hmm, so I guess I’m done, right? He’s gone. Hellooo, there’s nothing to narrate, is anyone there, where’d yo-