No matter how much I pleaded with him to hang on he wouldn't. His eyes held a conviction I couldn't comprehend. His hand reached out, extending his wire framed glasses with lenses that have been cracked beyond recognition. I gently urged him to put his hand down to conserve his strength but the determination coupled with his conviction won me over. I placed the glasses in my coat pocket and looked frantically at the crowd that had begun to gather.

"Someone please call 9-1-1!"

Some had their phones out but they were trained on the man dying in my arms. Is this how his life was to end? With access to assistance but no one willing to lend a hand? Someone shouted from the crowd but at that point I couldn't hear anything else as I watched this man as he succommed. His body exhaled once more. No more.

My arms trembled as pity began to overtake me. This man had no one. He lived a harsh life on these streets and all he had to his name were the clothes on his back and the glasses in my pocket. I took one more look at him before I was pulled away by the paramedics who arrived. I stepped back as everyone else did and watched, without hope, as they tried to save the man who could no longer be saved. 

I turned away as the sadness I  felt began to rise in my throat threatening to choke me. I shook my head as I turned to walk away. My hands, without their gloves, couldn't stand the harsh winter cold. I shoved them in my pockets. My right hand jerked away upon colliding with the glasses I'd forgotten were there. I pulled them out carefully and turned them slowly as I inspected them.

The legs were misshapen from years of use. It looked as if they'd been bent and then bent again to return them to their normal shape. I smiled a sad smile. Just like these lenses, that man had been a trooper who had seen the cruelty of the world and experienced all the ways in which the world could misshape and twist one into something unrecognizable. But I had to admit there was something endearing about these glasses. Out of curiosity I unfolded them and raised them so they were eye level and did my best to adjust to the cracks in the lenses. 

From what I could see the light bent in the most interesting ways illuminating certain objects in a myriad of color. My interest piqued. I wiped the lenses and the legs and placed the glasses on my face. Suddenly my eyes could see a whole new world of colors surrounding me. The buildings were orange and the ground was a dark blue but the people around me ranged in an explosion of hues I've never seen before! I quickly looked back toward the homeless man who had died in my arms and I saw something that shook me to my core.

A creature loomed over the homeless man consuming him as he was. This creature had clammy grey skin that hung loose on its bones. It had no eyes just a gaping mouth full of razor sharp teeth. The homeless man, who I thought was dead, was screaming. The creature ripped limbs and stuffed them in its greedy mouth and consumed the homeless man until he was no more. Then, his eyes were on me.

