The room is very spartan, with almost nothing in the way of furniture. There is no upholstery in whatever furniture is provided.
There is a central table made of some kind of metal and the accompanying chairs were organic, that is they seemed to be living but they might have been not.

There are two burly humanoid figures sitting around the table looking moodily and trying to avoid each others gaze, sorry one of them was trying to avoid the gaze of the other while the other was focusing his most intense gaze at his companion.
Jurgen was at the receiving end of the focused angry gaze.

The alien across from Jurgen was Mentos and he was emitting an angry and annoyed vibe with a hint of blue berry.


Mentos: "Your ideas are but just silly."


Jurgen: "No they are not"


Mentos: "Whoever ever heard of flying humans."


Jurgen: "I am telling you the humans are just crazy, really crazy. they have been hurling themselves in these metal canisters and propelling themselves into space like lunatics."


Mentos: "Some sane people use robots."


Jurgen: "Their ancestors were wise to put up rovers but seems like their intellect is dropping as the generations multiply."


Jurgen: "Just like that old movie of ours, idiosycrazzy."


Mentos: "Yeah! i remember that movie. in-fact it was because of that movie that they made new legislation's to make sure that we will not go down that path of self degradation."

Jurgen: "There were allegations that the movie was plagiarized from Earth.

Jurgen: "Anyway enough of this, i am telling you. i have seen with my own eyes and what i see with my own eyes, i believe."


Mentos: "You have to see the phenomenon you want to believe, three times. remember that rule from the classroom."


Jurgen: "Oh, i do remember , in-fact it was a long time ago."


Jurgen: "This means i have to go back out there and observe them do the flying thing again."


Mentos: "Yes, you do that."


Jurgen: "Is it me or you are shaking the table."


Mentos: "No i am not shaking the table. this must be one of the simulations of earth they do now and then."


Jurgen: "Yeah! it must be. this must be the Japan simulation."




The seemingly high frequency vibrations started to lower in frequency and increase in amplitude at the same time.
The table was visibly shaking now. All the mush like food in the bowl kept on the table was sloshing out back and forth and spilling on each and every direction.
Jurgen and Mentos were sprayed by a very appreciable amount of the purple swill in the bowl.


Mentos: "This is very tasty."


Jurgen clutching at the chair in an effort to not fall from the quake said.

"It thought it was your food and you had been eating it."

Mentos: "No, not mine. It was here before i got here."



The trembling had increased to a very high intensity.
Even as Mentos was watching, the table with the bowl of sloshing liquid collapsed into the floor along with the table which has broken through the ground


Jurgen: "This is definitely not a part of the simulation drill."


Mentos: "How do you kno.."


Before Mentos could finish his sentence the chair on which Jurgen was sitting fell through the floor which has also cracked open, taking jurgen with it.


Mentos: "Why is this happening?"


Mentos looked horrified looking apprehensively at the floor below him.


Mentos: "Perhaps i should get up and slyly get out of here."


Before Mentos could do anything the ceiling above him crashed down on him and all that was left was a jelly like consistency with a hint of purple from blue berries.

Even from outer space the shaking of the planet was visibly palpable.

Almost like a bell that had been struck with a rubber mallet with appreciable momentum

Even as the alien world continued to ring silently in space, a steel canister with rocket propulsion was steadily and surely flying past in its trajectory, taking a gravity assist from the doomed alien planet.


The on-board humans were slumbering in a state of total oblivion, unaware of the ringing planet below and the silent screams of life that they had been searching for a millennia.







Edited. 

