"Message sent..."

"*How long until you know they received it?*"

J'son Clem flinched as the native put a limb on his shoulder. He was still wasn't sure what scared him more: the fact the natives could speak Unified Earth Common and Unified Earth Elite with their mouths (or at least he assumed it was the mouth, given neither he nor the others had yet to see a native eating), or that it only took them twenty hours to learn it while using a variety of pre-Unification languages and their own native ones as a go between. They had learned the pre-Unification languages from broadcasts, which had all been stopped after the Earth Unification... It was probably why they didn't already know UEC or UEE. 

A moment after J'soon's flinch, the limb was withdrawn. He saw the native give a nod, possibly in apology for invading his personal space abruptly. It truthfully wasn't the first time: the natives were very tactile, while most of the crew came from reserved lineages where touching was meant for those one was close with, like family and lovers; of course, Ak'ra Axon got along fine, being from a more tactile lineage from a more close knit community. They had already explained this fact, so the native knew that they had stepped "out of bounds" in regards to cultural differences. He knew it was more habit on the other's part.

"It will be about an hour by our measuring method. I think you said that equated to... 4.06% of your solar cycle."

"*Very well. We will wait one of these hours to be sure.*"

"And if they ask why?"

"*It is up to you to report to your superiors about that. We will not mind if you lie to them or not.*"

"Yes, because that would go over so well, telling them we got arrested for zoning violation and sentenced to a Martian year of light community service on account of ignorance, for building a permanent structure on the surface, which is a national park for the subterranean natives."

J'son felt like his chaperone was smirking at him, even though they didn't have any matching structure to compare against to justify that feeling.

"*Especially since you are limited to three messages of twenty or less characters each, to ensure transmission quality... And your protocol prohibits sending anything more before you receive a reply.*"

(And yes, I took the time to make sure OP's messages were each 20 or less, if you break up the last one)