They were small. 

Incredibly small, and somehow, had human features. One of them carried a tiny megaphone which brought out its voice in a weird tinny cacophony. Yet, they spoke perfect English.

"Please help us. We thought we could survive, but we are dying in the darkness. We were foolish. We didn't realize all that our provider was doing for us. Please, we implore you."

I allowed them to climb on to my palms while I walked downstairs to the basement. Opening the door, a musty smell hit me in the face, and a faint lingering reminder of my dad's perfume had somehow stayed behind. At the bottom of the stairs, I surveyed the dark landscape of his town. 'Smallville', he had called it, owing to it being filled with miniatures and his love for Superman. I remembered him laughing when I used to wait for hours waiting for the two trains to synchronize.
Now, the silence was simply deafening.

I missed my dad.

I switched on the mains for the basement and the entire town came to life. The sights and sounds of the trains, the cars, the mills, the cows, - my dad was proud of his work. This past week, I had completely forgotten about this.

I rested my palm on the low table. The little ones jumped down and were suddenly greeted by dozens as heroes. They started speaking

"Please, do not take away our sun. The monster comes in the dark."

"Wait, maybe he can help with the monster as well ..."

"No, We do not want to go back to ..."

"The sun would be enough ..."

"Tell that to Erica ... she was dragged away and you did nothing ..."

"The SUN WILL BE ENOUGH ... Let us not involve another ..."

They continued to argue and I remained confused. Looking away, I spied a fancy notebook, in the small cupboard next to the main's switch. Taking it out, I saw that it was a journal, almost completely filled in, with my dad's neat handwriting. I flipped to a random page near the center.

Day 2281 - The Smallvillians are trying to survive and I'm doing my very best to keep them alive and fed. They eat very little but keep asking for things to be constantly changed in their town. I hope they are happy.

Flipping to a later page ...

Day 2482 - Today, one of them shouted at me for not keeping the train waiting for him, I had to explain that the trains ran on an automated schedule. He said, that's not fair. That was funny. A little weird as well ...

Day 2555 - The town is now completely self-sufficient. I have taught the Smallvillians all I can. I ocassionally help out with what they need, but, as long as the power is on, they can keep living happily here. Smallville is a success!!!

Day 2644 - The number of Smallvillians coming out to greet me keep dwindling every week. I somehow think they're frustrated with me. I don't know why ...

Day 3003 - Mojero, the one person who comes out to greet me everyday, threw a piece of paper over the edge of the table. Under my microscope, I could read the words written on it. It said -
'They believe that you should no longer be controlling them. They are plotting something, I don't know what specifically. They've even talked about removing you and your entire family and taking over the house. They are no longer satisfied with what you give them. But I believe in you, Oh Great Provider. Please take me away from these non-believers.'

Day 3004 - Mojero is missing. Nobody else knows where he is. This is bad.

Day 3005 - I found the bodies of Mojero and his family in their sewage filtration system. All five corpses were mangled. They had been tortured. They don't respond to my questions anymore. What have I created here? Dear god. What have I done?

Day 3006 - I found another tiny note on the floor. "Your family is in danger. Please save yourself. They want complete control over the town and even your house. They despise you, Oh Great Provider. They have devised a plan to release some sort of gas into your families' noses when they are sleeping. It is supposed to stop your heart. I told you - You shouldnt have taught them to be self-reliant. They said 'They don't need a god anymore'. I will be hiding in the train yard at night. They are looking for me. Please save me, lord."

Day 3006 (contd) - No. I have created monsters. Mojero was my friend. His family was innocent. No. This town shall no longer function. The basement is airtight and I'm turning off the mains. Let them die down here.

That was the last entry. I looked up with horror at 'Smallville'. My father had died of a sudden heart attack. Doctors didn't know why. They simply said - these things happen. These creatures ... These monsters had somehow ... 

No. I will end this.

The Bug bomb will work ... wait ... if they can manufacture gas, maybe they have gas masks ... 

Then, I saw the water mains.

"The basement is airtight."

I turned open the valve for the faucet in the basement. It started pouring out with unusual speed. I switched off the power again, with a fury.

They dont believe in god anymore? Good. Then let there be a flood.

I closed the air-tight door. The rage began to subside, replaced with tears, suddenly welling up and pouring out.

I grieved for my dad.