What an amateur. He tied my arms to the plywood but it was loose enough to slip through them with a bit of a struggle. I know this from personal experience that you have fasten them tightly or they'll wriggle out. My captor made a dramatic appearance after he kidnapped me as he burst open the door with a bloody hammer and stared at me menacingly in the lit doorway. I burst out laughing which completely ruined the creepy atmosphere he was trying to create.

"What's funny?  Oh boy I must have knocked you on you head way too hard or just to want to really die today " He said with a confused snarl on his face.

He raises the hammer to make it look like he's going to pound my face in but I can tell by his posture that he was nervous and hesitant.

"You're really the Forest View Ripper?" I said "I have to say I'm really disappointed. 12 victims and you look like you're going to shit your pants killing me". I said with a wide grin on my face. I wasn't grinning because his spirit was being broken, I was grinning because I know that any moment now, I had another mark to carve in to arm for my victims. 

"Don't ever make fun of me! I'm going to turn your guts inside out!" He turns around to get a large hunting knife on the dresser behind him and that's when I decided that I should to stop humouring him and just strike. I wriggle myself out of the plywood board and quickly pounce on him, gripping his throat tightly from behind as he struggled to breathe and disarmed him from the large hunting knife. It's time to give this kid an educational lesson on how to kill.

"You see, you thought you got lucky. A man walking in the woods all alone in the dark and that was the jackpot for you. Just another victim, right. But if you had followed me a little further, just a little, you would have found my bunker. If you saw what was even in that bunker, you would see that 12 is child's play compared to what I can do".

I stab once deeply in to his chest as he groaned painfully and collapsed to the floor in to a heap. I step on the knife as it sinks deeper and deeper in to his chest. Blood pours everywhere.

I pull up my sleeve which revealed my arm which was completely scared and almost out of skin and comprised of all black scar marks. The Forest View Ripper now joins them.