I suppose I am not a god. Merely the grand-daughter of a minor lord of Pantheon, gifted with eternal life and the burden of watching and remembering.

As to what I have done, the legends vary. I have read most accounts of my actions, and I have observed the historians as they argued that the  inconsistency is due to political or stylistic motivation - even I do not know why Apollonius wrote those things about me.

The worst of it, unfortunately, is true. I killed my sons, and other men. I did what I had to to survive. I did not believe anyone else would seek justice for me. Certainly not Jason. (How can that name still be in use? Why must I hear it even now? I wish to banish the sound of that name from my memory, but I have had no luck.)

I do not mind that fewer people pray to my name these days. I am not a popular patron, and I hope that means that things are getting better. My power is in the blood of the body. No herbs needed! Sometimes I imagine advertising my power like these salesmen on the television. Medea, witch-woman extraordinaire! Let me reach into your blood and see what I find there! Never mind the legends of my murdered sons, the poisoned garments - it's a new millennium!

I live in Oregon now - the summers remind me of my ancient home, but the climate is cooler and gentler on my houseplants. My bonsai tree (grew it from seed, no magic) is almost 119 years old. I have little need for money, so I spend most of my time crafting all manner of things, reading, and visiting the immortals of the region - those who will welcome me.

I was watering the sunflowers on the east side of the house when I felt the prayer reach me. They tend to sneak up on us, slipping over our shoulders and forcing us to stand up and take note. I wonder if it is the same for the great gods.

*Please, help me fight back...*

The people actually do not need to use our names. Particularly for those of us who exist in popular mythology, the concept of our characters is enough to evoke a call for aid.

I have spells that allow me to see things from where I stand. I am part god, but I am also a witch - this part of the power I learned more than a thousand years ago. I hurried into the house and kneeled in the laundry room (I shouldn't have put the darks and lights together, I know), spilling a circle of salt around me from a pill bottle I keep in my pocket. The smell of charcoal filled the air, and I slipped into my trance.

-

Another shallow suburban basement like my own. Cheap, paneled walls, an exercise machine in the corner, a television on a stand and a jumble of games and cords at its feet. Dusty-rose curtains drawn across the narrow window at ground level. The air is shut-in. Sweat and no natural things, nothing growing.

Two young people tangled on a couch. The girl who prayed to me trapped under a boy about her age, hands all over her. She isn't fighting. She lay there, hands on his shoulders, lower body limp. Their lips are locked, her eyes are open. I have seen this moment repeated for centuries.

I am not so great that I can appear to them and tear him apart, although I wish I could. I cannot give her the strength of a bear, nor can I speak into her spirit and provide her the words that will make him stop. My power is in the blood.

I reach through the trance, working my magic from a distance. I have gotten better at this part over the years. I press the blood toward her groin, flooding her body with hormones one week too early. His hands are pulling her knees apart. She murmurs something like the word no, and at the same moment the blood begins to leave her body. He has pulled down her shorts, and sees the bright blood darken her underwear. He recoils, utter panic clear on his face. He leaps up from the couch and begins to babble. I don't care to listen to him.

I feel relief and embarrassment at the same moment from the girl who prayed to me. She pulls up her shorts, hurries to the bathroom. I watch him, hovering behind his head, while she cleans up, and remain present until she leaves the house, turns the corner, and walks to a bus stop. She cries the moment she is out of his sight. The smell of ash and blood will linger in that basement until that boy leaves for another home. Perhaps he will learn.

I am released from the trance, and the laundry cycle has ended. Time to start the next load. I spend a few more moments kneeling on the linoleum, remembering Jason, eons ago.