First prompt, so don't expect anything great 




"OMG, just saw the HUGEST butterfly, it was literally as big as a house! XD" 

"Guys I'm literally SO cold my toes are gonna fall off ugh" 

"Literally so excited I'm shitting bricks, can't wait for this concert tonight!!!!" 

I rolled my eyes as a scrolled through Facebook. I was seriously considering deleting Mabry from my friends list. She was one of those girls that often got waaayy too excited about super basic stuff, and exaggerated everything all the time. Not to mention her all too frequent and terrible use of the word literally. She really grated on my nerves. But all the same, she was my college roommage. I shared a bunk bed with her, and I didn't really want to offend her since we still had to share a room for anoher semester. I sighed and kept scrolling, figuring I would delete her later on. One of her older posts caught my eye. 

"Just got in a road race with a cop, he's literally eating my dust hahaha." 

I chuckled a bit at that one. Mabry was the only person I knew that could race a cop in her piece of junk station wagon, win, and not get a ticket. I scrolled down some more. 

"I can't stand when people misuse words all the time, especially literally. You know who you are, Mabry."

Oooh, some good drama! I secretly hoped Mabry would start a comment war with the original poster but I doubted it. She tended to stay away from drama, really only posting about her 'literal' crazy experiences. She reminded me a lot of Luna Lovegood from Harry Potter. I laid my phone down and rolled over, trying to get some sleep. I could hear Mabry typing away below me and wondered what wild new experience she was posting about this time. Pretty soon, I heard her snoring away, envious of how fast she cuuld fall asleep.

When I woke up in the morning, I hurried off to class, jealous of the still-sleeping Mabry who didnt have classes until 11:00. When I got back to the dorm after my class, she wasn't there. Weird, she usually slept until right before her classes, often arriving moments before they started. I flipped on our TV and tried to find a good show. While channel surfing, something caught my ear.

". . . . According to officials, Miss Johnston made a threat to the victim, Miss Becker, via social media in a post that read 'So mad at people assuming I'm dumb. I KNOW how to use the word literally. Ugh. The next person to make fun of me is literally going to choke on their words' and it appears that Miss Johnston made good on her threat. Miss Becker was found by a neighbor at around 4:00 am. Miss Johnston claims she had nothing to do with this, but until authorities can determine the circumstances of Miss Becker's death, Miss Johnston will be kept in police custody. Anyone who believes they have evidence pertinent to the case is asked to call the number listed below" 

I sat down, stunned. Mabry had been in our room all night. I knew because I hadnt been able to sleep well. I shakily reached for my cell and dialed the number on the screen.

"Hello, Rabun police department and justice center, how can we help you today?"

"Uh, hi. I have some information on Mabry Johnston? I'm her roommate?" 

"Oh, her?  Been sayin, "I literally didn't do it" the whole time she's been in here. Watcha got for us kid?" 

I paused a moment, wondering how serioisly the police would take some 'kid' before saying "Um... She really didn't leave our dorm room all night sir. She was there the whole time." 

There was silece on the other end of the line, and then "Ma'am, we're going to need you to come to the station and answer a few questions for us."

On my way to the station I started to think about the past few days worth of Mabry's posts.  

"Roommate and I went to the store, and there was literally no one there!" I HAD Been there with her, and there really hadn't been any other customers. I thought of another one. 

"Literally can't breathe! What's wrong with me?" 

Come to think of it, she HAD mentioned that she'd been in the ER, but I hadnt asked what for.

It really did seem like whenever I hung around Mabry some weird stuff happened, and looking back, I was starting to think she really DID know how to use the word literally. I wondered what kind of questions the officers were going to ask me at the station... 