<<seem to be running into some sort of character limit on my phone, so I'm posting in parts>>
[Part 1]

Leaning back into her plush recliner, Kelbi tried in vain to fight off sleep.  Sleep came for her so quickly these days, the pregnancy was taking a lot out of her.  But she knew exhaustion. As a 14 month pregnancy herself, she had developed the ability to amplify the powers of others. She had lived for years under her flame-handed mother's assurances that her powers would come "at maturity", whatever that meant. Then one day she woke up, having just experienced her first of many monthly reminders that it sucks to be a woman.  If that wasn't bad enough, her powers kicked in and amplified her mother's abilities, burning down their house in the process. After learning to control her power she could choose when and where to amplify, so long as she kept her focus. It had always drained her though, occasionally knocking her out without warning. She twirled her auburn hair with her fingers idly, peeking over her mountainous stomach as she heard keys in the deadbolt.

Neill took a deep breath, letting his keys dangle in the door for a moment. It was getting more difficult every day to put on a strong face for his wife. He had never regretted anything so whole-heartedly.  It was not that he didn't love her, it was quite the opposite. He didn't regret the marriage, or asking his crush Kelbi to prom - after all, she had said yes.  That was the one and only time "Nine-month Neill" had felt special.  It wasn't till later that he realized his dear Kelbi's ability had given him a power of his own: the ability to change the term of a pregnancy. It always functioned the same: he would look at a woman and his eyes would change if she were pregnant.  Through his right eye, he would see a plus, through his left, a minus. Each time he blinked the corresponding eye, time would be added or subtracted accordingly.  When the power first developed he was testing it out when he accidentally forced a woman to miscarry, he never messed with the minus eye again. He and Kelbi had been dating for three months when they decided they were ready to take their relationship a little further, giving themselves to each other in a way neither had before.  As first times often do, it knocked them out and they slept gloriously.  Neill dreamt of spending the rest of his life with her, and when he awoke, it was with a smile.  He pulled her closer, opening his eyes to watch her sleep when the plus and minus symbols filled his vision.  A moment of panic had crept over him, quickly washed away by joy.  One quick wink of his right eye, and his baby would be special too.  He had hesitated, wondering if he should discuss it with Kelbi first, but that would be difficult.  He hadn't told Kelbi about his power, being without a power was half the reason she was with him. "Nine-month Neill" is who she fell in love with.  As the name echoed through his head he made the decision himself: their child would not have to go through that.  He pulled Kelbi close and clenched his right eye.  Searing pain had flooded him, knocking him out cold. When he awoke several hours later, Kelbi was still out.  He could not wake her. Terrified, he had called an ambulance.  The next two years she lay unconscious, feeding through a tube in her arm, her stomach steadily increasing in size till about the nine month mark.  When she woke, 24 months pregnant, she had been rather surprised to say the least. She "slept through the hardest part" was what she used to say. Somewhere around 50 months pregnant, she stopped saying it.  Around 100 months, the doctors started measuring in years.  They married her on the ten year anniversary of conception, two twenty eight year olds that had only ever even done it once: the fetus wouldn't allow it anymore. 

Taking another deep breath, Neill cursed himself.  "Can't think of her as a fetus, who knows if she can hear me".  Shaking his head to think happy thoughts he turned the key, ready to continue living the lie, the life of "Nine month Neill".  He pushed the door open as he heard a crash.

