I got what I had been longing for since I was a child. Sweet relief. I was ready to meet my eternity.

I open my eyes from the darkness of death's frigid sting and I stand, my bare feet touching cold marble. The haze makes it difficult for me to see much of my surroundings. Where am I? This is neither heaven nor hell.... but can't possibly be purgatory? 

"Not purgatory," a strangely familiar voice startles me. I look around, still unable to see anything solid.

"Pick up your sword," she speaks again.

"What sword? Who are you?" I sound so stupid, I just know I do. This is not my Maker, and yet I feel as though I need to be confident in who I am.

"Pick up your sword." 

That voice! Why is it so haunting? I rub the darkness from my eyes yet again and look around, hoping to see a bit more clearly. The sword on the rich velvet pillow is one of pure magnificence. I finger it lightly, brushing the silver and gold, grazing my fingers over the sapphires, rubies and diamonds.

"Pick. It. Up."

I grasp the hilt carved intricately of a lions head, the handle that of a tiger. As I take hold of it, the sword becomes an extension of me. Everything that I had dreamed of becoming, all my strengths, all my hopes....imbued in the very essence of this piece.

"Stand. And fight."

The figure, shroud in red and black with a mask so intricate it was sure made by a master craftsman, was little more than a waif. A wisp of a being holding a mere peasants dagger. Did she really expect me to fight her?

"I will not fight you when you clearly have the disadvantage."

"Fight." So demanding, yet she still sounds so weak.

"No. It's not right. I fought all of my life, I will not fight in death as well." As much as I love holding this sword, I toss it aside in disgust. What kind of sick place was this? 

"Don't you understand?" She removed her mask. I gasped. She was me.

"Don't you understand?" She removed her shroud, standing naked before me.

The scars were nearly unbearable to look upon, some etched so deep, I could feel the pain myself.

"Don't you understand? That every time you beat yourself up, You fought Me. Every time you blamed and kicked yourself, You bruised Me. Every time you gave in and gave up, You cut Me. Don't you understand? You've been fighting Me your entire life."

I fell to my knees, weeping. How could I even beg myself for forgiveness? Was it even right? 

I don't know how long I lay there. The cold marble was now wet with my tears. I pushed myself up, trying to reorient myself yet again in this strange place. When I look up, She (Me) is still there. She hasn't moved, standing naked, bruised, battered scarred.

I can think of nothing more to do other than one simple thing. I go to her, remove the cloak on my shoulders, cover her own, hug her and whisper, "Please forgive me."

As I feel her arms wrap around me in return there is a brilliant light and suddenly I'm completely alone again. My cloak is on my own shoulders again, and my body aches all over. I have no time to process, as I see scars and bruises on my body that weren't there before; the sound of a heavy gate being opened behind me.

 I turn around and stumble forward. The Light! I feel the weight of an eternity lifted from my shoulders as I walk through the pearly gates of Heaven. 

