The Angel Resources Entity of section 2814 sat back in his chair and his wings fluttered a bit.  They didn't flutter much, but enough to loosen a single feather which seemed to hang in the air falling so slowly it seemed to stand still.  This only added to the silence of the room which would be deadening if not for the volume of the confusion on his face.  The look could be confused with disapproval which was something I had not felt in over a century.

"You want to do what?" he asked with a look on his face as he was trying to solve some complex equation or clever riddle.

"I want to go back.  I mean, at least I think I do.  I've been thinking about this a lot and I've come to the conclusion that I..." I had to pause as I had not felt the need to explain myself for such a long time.  "I want to go back."

The Angel Resource Officer, ARE for short, leaned forward and clasped his hands on his desk.  I could tell he was finally processing the request.

"Aren't you happy here?  Are not all of your wants fulfilled?" He asked now visibly concerned.

"Yes, and any want I want I have and any need to fill it is met in exactly the way to bring whatever satisfaction i'm seeking.  Everything is perfect.  Its been amazing and never dull."

"So why would..."  The ARE readjusted in his seat and cleared his throat.  "You do realize it would be a one way trip right?   You would never come back?"

"I know." I responded, making myself sound more sure.  Letting him know I had thought this through and was serious.

"You realize down there is still down there?  There is still illness.  Still all types of suffering.  Each day brings new challenges which aren't always going to be conquered.  You will feel pain.  Loneliness.  Sadness.  Your empathy and love and happiness will work against you half the time.  You'll be hurt by people you trust most.  I'm having a hard time believing you would want all that again after you finished with your time."

"Well I've thought long and hard about this, and I've decided its the right thing to do."

"Its very crowded down there you know."

"I know."

ARE was visibly flustered.  Not only had no one ever asked this of him since the doors to death had been barricaded by the other side, but he clearly never expected it to ever happen.  He looked disappointed.  Not in me and my shocking request, but in himself and all the things he represents as until now the pure perfection of heaven had never been called into question.  

"You do understand not only would you need to endure life once again without ever receiving your reward for the struggle, but you would have no memory of any of the wonders, pleasures or completeness you had here.  You would in all effects be a test without a score.  A race with no finish line.  All you would have is the struggle. You would never..."  He stopped himself.  I could tell he could go on forever, and part of him wanted to just to stall my request for what he would believe was my benefit.  "You realize i'm completely unprepared for this request.  We had entire departments for this before the sealing.  We had entire reincarnation pamphlets and everything.  We threw all of those out or repurposed them all together.  I don't even know what the proper process for this is."

"But you can do it?" I asked.

"Yes, I can do it."

"You can do it soon?"

He hesitated and had another look on his face I had not seen since arriving.  It took me a moment to figure out what it was.  It was genuine frustration.  

"Since there is no longer any such process for this type of barbaric act, yes, I can do it now if it is necessary. I just don't want to, I don't think you want me to.  I mean how could you.  You remember gravity don't you?  That heavy weight which pushes your bones down to the earth and causes every movement to require a struggle of your feet against it.  Do you really want to feel that at its will instead of yours?"

"Yes, I need to.  It would be a sacrifice I accept."

"Fine.  If you are being serious and you know the magnitude of what you are asking for and more importantly, what you are giving up, then fine.  Who am I to turn down a request in Heaven.  I can request it if it is what you want."  His rusty instincts caused him to grab a stamp without looking from next to his desk and hold it up.  He realized there was no contract with which to stamp and instead out of either embarrassment, a sense of duty, or some odd combination of both he reached and grabbed the closest paper to his left hand and stamped it.  

"So was there something missing here?  Something we can improve for the others?  I don't want this to become a new trend."

"No, everything has been perfect."

ARE breathed deeply, even though he didn't need to breath at all.  "Well its official.  You are going back down to Earth.  You will be born a boy and live out an eternity as a human being.  In fact the first birth to come you will vanish from this realm and start breathing real air again.  People forget what birth is like, but I will tell you any second now things will get quite unpleasant."  

"I'm ready." I said confidently.

"So why are you doing this? If everything is perfect and you remember how bad it was down there, why are you choosing to go back?"

"Well its been as far as I can tell a century or two since I was alive, and I just really need to know...." I cleared my throat "What is going on on Doctor Who these days."