 There’s an old, broad oak tree that oversees our street, and it sits in the far right corner of our backyard, directly outside of my childhood bedroom window. I still live in this house with my parents, of course now I live downstairs after an accident rendered my left leg completely useless and my right, a semi-movable stump with some flexibility and semi-decent motor control. I can drive myself around but I can’t dress myself in fucking pants, and I definitely can’t look out that upstairs bedroom window and gaze upon that grand, giant oak anymore. 

Not that I would want to, since that tree is why my accident happened in the first place. 

When I was 12 I was sitting in the grass, thinking about whether Addison Dane, the prettiest girl in my class, would laugh if I asked her to dance with me at our school’s Valentine’s Day social, when suddenly I heard a “Snap!” above me and barely had time to turn my eyes upwards before a god damn 90-pound tree branch fell from that great, godforsaken tree and landed squarely on my thighs. 

That year, the letter read, “See you in 24 years, and sorry about your legs.” While odd, I figured it was weird enough that someone had been leaving these letters in my dresser drawer my entire life, so it wasn’t that much of a leap to realize whoever was doing this had probably heard about my accident. 

But I no longer think the anonymous letter writer simply “heard” about my accident. As of today, I think my mysterious pen pal caused it. He lives in that big, manipulative oak tree and he broke that god damn tree branch and now he wants to make sure I never leave this property again. 

Yesterday I got the letter, “See you tomorrow.” My temples started to sweat; I was anxious but also felt excited. Excited to finally figure out who has been sending me these letters. I think I've been watching too many fantasy movies because I hoped maybe this person would be magic; maybe this person was going to sweep me up and give me new, usable, strong legs and show me a world I’ve never seen before, I laughed to myself last night as I fell asleep.

But I awake with a heaviness in me. Not figuratively. My legs feel like they weigh more than a freight train. I look down and blink over and over to try to force my eyes to see something different. But nope, this is real. My usual, feeble legs have tripled in size and are now covered in angry, uneven tree bark. I try to wipe the bark away, hoping this is not what it seems, but my hands just get splintered and bloody. 

In a panic I leap out of my bed and crawl to our back door, praying my aging mother is still out watering her flowers at this time in the morning. But she’s not, and as I reach the grass my legs immediately begin tearing into the ground as an excruciating pain shoots up my entire body. For a second I'm blinded by the feeling. I wriggle and fight with every muscle I have, grasping for the ground, for anything, but it only seems to make the roots grow deeper and I can feel as they spread and grow in all directions, cutting through rock and worms and other roots. I scream but as I scream that tall, ferocious tree catches the wind and carries my screams away muted. Exhausted, pained, and terrified, I give in. 

It’s dark out now - night has come and the bark has finally reached my face and covered the last bit of me, leaving just a small opening near my right eye. At last, I see him perched on a high branch in that frightening, sinister oak tree, his eyes glowing. They are smiling. “I knew today would be the day,” he sneered as he descended. 