“Did you see the AE hit ten million monthly active users?” asked Nohj, clearly needling me for a reaction. I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction, so I focused on my display, which listed the latest selection of laser-cannons from EasyCoin Games.

“Nave?...” he asked. “Anybody home?... They’ll probably be at twenty million by the end of the month.”

I gave in, “I just don’t get it!”

Nohj grinned, “No?” he asked.

“There’s no upside!” I put up my thumb and started to count all the reason on my hand. “It’s a waste of time, first of all. That’s the biggest problem. I’ve never spent more than ten minutes paying my way through an EasyCoin game, but people are spending thirty, forty hours on AE games.”

“Sometimes even more,” Nohj said.

I threw up my hands, “Right! It’s ridiculous! Like, why! Number two, why are people even going to work? What are you spending your money on? Third, it’s brutal for self-esteem. Annod plays those games, and her eight-year old daughter wins. And then she shows up to work upset. I tell her to let it go, because they’re stupid anyway. But that can’t be healthy.”

Nohj nodded, “Yeah, I agree. But don’t you think it’s going to be a phase, like that Gameboy spinoff of Pokémon Go?”

“Let’s hope so,” I said. “But I don’t know, people are gullible. You know it’s just a customer-service ranking scheme by AE right? Greedy bastards. This way they don’t have to make as much premium content, and people still get tricked into saying that they like the company.”

“How does that work?” asked Nohj.

“They basically admitted it in their latest press release: ‘While our latest generation of games have fewer bells and whistles, we find that enjoyment actually increases.’ Well, duh! Because if you have to be highly skilled to win, you have to play longer, so you get sucked into thousands of battles, and each one of those is a little dopamine hit. But then the next day your niece gets better than you, and you have to play more to avoid being worse off than you were before.”

“Ouch, that’s true.”

“Not that AE cares. They’ll just create society-destroying loops in the name of the almighty customer-service score… Forget that capitalism requires companies to make a profit. Honestly, that company is disgusting.”

“Well, did you find any good laser-cannons?” asked Nohj.

“They have some new colors,” I said. “I’m going with the green ones.”

I selected the green cannons, and gleefully watched $50 deduct from my account. A cut-scene played that showed my green lasers mix with the other colors that I’d bought over the last week to defeat the Zandon Base. I had to enjoy while it lasted. The golden age of gaming might soon come to an end.