Brian moved slowly, keeping his rifle ready to fire at a moment's notice.

To think this all started with a bad burger from McDonald's. Twelve years ago Patient Zero, otherwise known as Rachel Smith, thought she was getting a value meal with extra fries.

Instead she became the first zombie the next night and turned her sorority sisters into more zombies at the University of New Mexico main campus.

From there it went just like the movies Brian used to watch, zombies running around everywhere eating people, and people turning into barbarians making things only more dangerous.

Thankfully Brian and his friends were just getting ready to go camping when everything went down in Albuquerque.

Their two SUV's were able to get them all the way to the Canadian border before they puttered out. At that point they stayed in the woods keeping their heads down and spending their time hunting and gathering food while staying nomadic so that they wouldn't attract any notice.

There. He spotted a nice moose. That would be enough meat to last the group at least a week. He lifted the rifle up and aimed carefully. He only had one bullet, so he had to make this count.

Click. No boom. He opened the bolt action and saw that the priming cap had obviously been hit.

Damnit. They needed that food! He looked up and saw the moose casually turn its head his way before it dropped dead.

"The fuck?"

Well the rifle was useless now that the very last bullet they had was gone, but who knows where they might luck out? He slid it into the straps of his backpack and eased out the axe at his side as he moved closer.

"Hopefully this will be enough food for your group." a dry rasping voice spoke from right behind him. Brian's reaction was very predictable.

"THE SHIT?!" he yelled out as he fell over. Standing behind him was a... being. It was tall, easily eight feet tall, if not taller. Clothed in rags that parted in places revealing a body that reminded Brian of pictures from the holocaust, bodies shriveled up from lack of food until you could barely tell there was any muscle on it. Any flesh. The skin was stretched tight against the bones of its skull and was as white as snow. The being's eyes were glossed over, so cloudy that you couldn't tell their actual color, hell, you could barely see that there was a pupil in them.

There was no hair on the head that tilted down to look at Brain. When it reached out with a hand that was just as desicated as the rest of it and gestured, some unseen force lifted Brain to his feet.

"My apologies. I have not dealt with mortals in many, many years. However, you and yours are the last. Without this food you would not survive."

"What... what are you?!" Brain was somewhat proud that his panic was only mostly obvious, not blatantly.

"I? I am Death. I embody the Final Breath, the End of all Things. I am the final cold when the last star dims, the darkness that shall bind all things together in the end, as it did before the light existed."

"The fuck?! What do you want with us?"

"Simple. If thinking life does not exist, then I cannot think. You and your group are the last humans living on this planet. Should you die, I will no longer be able to think. I quite like thinking and I do not look forward to no longer being able to think."

With another gesture the being... Death, levitated the carcass of the moose and started walking back towards the camp.

"Come Brian, we must ensure that humanity does not die before the stars themselves do. Only then shall I let your kind fade into the darkness."

Zombies he could handle, there was a rational explanation for them. Some kind of version of the Rabies virus mutated to cause this, or a fungal spore the military turned into a super weapon.

Granted, the explanations where not complete, but he could deal with it.

"Bu... there are fucking zombies everywhere! You mean to tell me you didn't have anything to do with that?"

"Blame the Russians. I certainly do." came the dry retort.