The glare of the holo-montier burns itself into my eyes. Same Cabal-shit, different cycle. A whole galaxy of planets and the United Galactic would think that there would be SOME planets with life similar to ours. With goals of charting out the universe, with goals of seeing what lies in this odd and crazy universe and discover the meaning to our existence...

I am an Inquisitor. A title that holds a lot of respect. An explorer, an trail blazer, a light in the unknown darkness... Instead I'm here checking on the planets with potential and seeing if they pass the test but, holy cosmetic horror. How. Just... HOW?

Turns out, a majority of planets are... empty. A lot are either a whole lotta rock or a whole lotta gas. The ones with life we find.... Disappointing. Either they were too war-crazy or not advanced enough, sometimes all of the above. But here in this small solar system, we believe we found them, an ally to call a friend. But first impressions weren't good.

A planet they call Earth, why they named themselves after Dirt, I don't know. Then again, my planet was named "Heatieeze." Which sounds cool in any other language but it really is a combination of "hot" and "cold". So I can't judge there. What I can judge is the leadership of this horror infested planet. There is a dominate race of humans on this planet and they take advantage of the weak under the guise of "laws" and "fairness" but really those in charge only help the more dominate race. Money drives their desires, and the males are known for taking advantage of their females. 

The only reason we are even considering recruiting them is because the stuff they can make are damn impressive. Out of all the species I seen, they are the only ones that made leaps in technology as fast as we do, but again, their own leadership holds them back. DEEP SPACE, WE RAN INTO ONE OF THEIR DRONES ON THE WAY HERE. So the U.G decided to put them through the test. We were going to pit them against leaders that their society created and plant them in a position of leadership. This one part of the planet in particular elects their leader with a long process. We thought if we put these horrid people, the people would see how bad their society is, and change with it, electing the actual good people to lead them. I had seen firsthand the good of the planet through their communication network. So many kindhearted people, so many trying to set right by their governments, so many trying bring equality. This should work.

Except... No....... It gets worse each and each time. They elect the corrupted leaders we plant, the leaders go and do inhuman things, and they THINK that they **may** not be a great person. NOW? REALLY? NOW ONE SIDE IS MAKING NUCLEAR MISSILES, YOU KNOW, THE STUFF THAT EXPLODES? ANOTHER LEADER IS KILLING OFF THEIR OWN COMMUNICATION NETWORK. ANOTHER IS KILLING NEWS REPORTERS THAT CRITICIZE HIM. 

I... I am both disappointed and dumbfounded. How the great beyond did they not die off yet?

I keep staring in the holo-monitor. More and more bad news and each test keeps failing. At this point, I am waiting for them to call war on each other. They got the nukes, should be a grand show... I'm about to report back to the U.G. Either I say the planet is a failure, which it is at this point, or say to give it time.

I'm about to tell them of the failures but more news pops up. One by one, high ranking people in powerful positions are brought down by the very harassment they performed, people rioting in the streets against their dictators, millions of people fight back to keep their communications networks, billions demanding that one of the leaders be impeached, reports upon reports of said leader being investigated, better people are being elected as I speak instead of the evil people I once seen.

Now I'm hesitating. I think I'm understanding why they survived. Their emotion. Their burning need to react like this. Its a powerful sight to see. 

I decide to stare at the monitor a little longer....