Light.. Its day time. Where am I? What is this place? Why am I in a bed? Is.. is it wet? 

Shit. I wet myself. I'm 5 again. 


In 2 minutes and 12 seconds my mother is going to walk through that door and blame this on a bad dream. She always says it's night terrors. She'll help me change and then take my sheets to the laundry and then make pancakes for me.

It's always the same. I've worked very hard to make that happen. The first few thousand times I didn't like how things went, but every time I got another chance I made it a little better. It took me hundreds of life times to figure out how to keep her from dying in the car wreck. 

Another hundred or so to keep her from burning alive in the house fire. And as long as I don't go to buy those candy bars on July 23, 1987 Dad won't get electrocuted while tearing out the dry wall. 

Then it's smooth sailing. Dad will die of heart attack on May 10, 2019. I haven't figured out how to keep him from falling in love with fast food yet, but at least he lives a happy life until the end. And then cancer takes Mom 8 months later.

January 12, 2020.


I wonder if I'll go to her funeral this time. 

Then I have to disappear for the next 40 years. Get new papers in Argentina. Work my way back up to the U.S. as an up an coming entrepreneur. Rinse and repeat with different countries and back stories for the next 200 years until the shell company is strong enough for me to disappear inside of it.

3287 more years of extensive space exploration. Terra-form this planet, name that star.  

Then the invasion. 


We lost everything so quickly the first time, and we barely made progress on subsequent tries. But there it is though. 

I have lived hundreds of thousands of lives. I have died gloriously on the battlefield, foolishly in stupid stunts, and ignobly, dressed only in a hospital gown and withered from diseases. Sometimes I think this is nothing but an unending dream but the pain is real. So is the progress.

I have learned something new every time and I will stop the invasion. I will save the human race. 


And 3. 2. 1.


*Good morning sweetie* 

