It’s always funny when we tell the story of how we first met. Sure our marriage isn’t a conventional one by any means, but hey, love is love. 

I know what you’re thinking, marrying literal death seems like an ill-advised idea. I assure you though, the truth is it’s the opposite. I think this might be the best god damn idea I’ve ever had.

First of all the sex is AMAZING. Seriously, the sex is so good I could die. I can change her to be whoever I’m feeling for. I want to fuck Jennifer Lawrence? Just got to think of her as the literal embodiment of our short, horrifying and often abrupt end to our existence on this world and BAM—I’m fucking her. The best part is the chick is just as kinky as I want her to be. Let’s just say death is into some pretty experimental shit. 

Now of course dating the grim reaper has its perks other than the sex. If someone at my workplace annoys me, BAM, heart attack the next day. It’s perfect for dealing with racist, sexist, homophobic, and whatever other flavor of asshole that I could possibly encounter. Of course, this sort of power trip has messed me up in the head a little, and that’s saying something considering the previous paragraph had me bragging about fucking death.

Unfortunately though it’s not all sunshine and shiny scythes in relationships, especially this one. I fear for my life constantly when I get into an argument with the dumb broad. I swear, considering she’s supposed to be an immortal being thats hunted mortal souls since before any of my grand-grand-grand-whatever parents were even born, she’s super fucking needy. “Why don’t you pay attention to me” “does this black robe make my butt look big” “stop looking at those human women” yadayadayada, she’s so annoying. Well, perhaps I’m being too harsh. I still love my snookums after all.

Of course that was many many years ago. She’s been a little evasive with the subject of my mortality. She thinks that killing me would be super romantic. I mean, I can see where she’s coming from I guess. I just hope she doesn’t do that Sopranos shit and cut--
