The sound of her small shod feet echoed through the cavern. The fear from the nightmare that had woken her was fading, but the apprehension at not finding her mother in her own bed was rising.

She moved towards the kitchen and study. "Mother?" she called out, but at not hearing a response, she darted past them and towards the living space she spent most of her time in. 

It was a larger room in this series of caverns, decorated with soft rugs and comfy furniture and a big table where she and her mother would eat and learn and play. But her mother was not here. The fireplace was cold and everywhere was dark.

"Mother?" she called out again, this time a little louder, real fear beginning to coil in her belly.

Through the large wooden doors separating the living space from the cavern that led to the outside, she heard noises. Clattering, almost. The doors rattled in their frames as if a large wind had pushed its way down the tunnel, which made her jump with fear. She walked towards the doors anyway, wanting to see, wanting to know. 

The tunnel was dark as she swung the doors open. She picked her way silently towards the entrance of the cave, hearing the soft sound of what seemed like a thousand birds rustling their feathers. Turning the last corner and poking her small head up over some rocks, she gasped at what she saw. 

A large dark shape was blocking the entrance to the cave. She saw it shift sharply at her small noise, and was about to rush back into the safety of the tunnel when she heard a voice from the darkness speak to her.

"Toryl? Is that you?"

"Mother?" Toryl whispered, fear making her whimper. "Mother, there's something here."

"Not something, my dear sweet child. Me." The torches her Mother kept hanging on the wall by the tunnel's entrance caught on fire, the way her Mother lit them with her magic. The sudden light made Toryl squint her eyes shut tight, but as she blinked the pain away, she looked towards the shape. 

It was deep purple, almost black. As it moved around the large cavern, its skin rippled and its scales glinted like water with the fire-light. The large wings protruding from its back were leathery and tucked against its body, and the tail, sharp and studded with evil looking barbs, curled around the powerful legs of what she knew was a dragon.

"Mother?" she whispered, eyes wide.

"Yes, child." The dragon replied. Toryl blinked, and the shape was small and walking towards her. It was her mother again. The soft, warm hands of the woman who had cared for her all of her life picked her up. She carried her back through the tunnel, back through the cavern where they ate and learned and played. Back through tunnel that passed the kitchen and the study. Back into her small, warm, dark bedroom with her soft bed and her toys. 

Her mother placed her back in bed, covering her and kissing her on the forehead. Then she sat on the edge of the bed, her back to Toryl, the faint glow of the embers in the fireplace outlining her like the dragon in the cave had been. 

"I want to tell you a story about a dragon, a princess, and the knight that saved them both."




