“Undone by the sloppy penmanship of a past scholar, how unfortunate!” 

I sighed, gazing at the vaguely tart smelling oblong rind in my hand. The obscenely yellowed skin of this apparent fruit was horrid on the eyes in a way no demon could be. Where I had expect a small imp of sorts I was instead greeted by the neon consumable. The fruit was warm to the touch, and its skin marked with small curvature tunes to which I could not recognize. 

“Huh, an odd specimen it is though. Clearly not a natural mark. Reminiscent of a solar model used for incendiary spells, but the oblong markings interest each-other. “

Speaking aloud I walked back to my desk, setting the intriguing find upon the wood as I dipped a quill to ink for noting the unusual occurrence of spell mimicry. The curvature of the unusual fruit lead to a short roll across the desk revealing another mystery. Small font in capital and quite clear letters, marked unlike a scholar of these lands and perhaps a more utilitarian state. 

“AS? ‘As‘ what? As fruit? Perhaps a signature of the creator?”

Curiouser and curiouser still, this entity became. Perhaps some trials were to be done on it going forwards. 

With a wave of my hand and brief incantation the design of the fruit would be revealed on to me. And what knowledge was granted to me came in a way I had not before. Unlike the usual sudden awareness of what an object was, I head a voice speak in my head. 

“Congratulations I’m discovering the secret instruction manual to this weapon of mass destruction. This lemon was design by our laboratories to burn your house down, but it seems we got over zealous and created an instrument more capable of burning your home down, if we consider your home to be the location of detonation and a forty kilometer radius. To avoid this detonation avoid dropping, squeezing, shaking, moistening, drying, or swallowing this lemon. Best of luck, AS Enrichment Center Director CJ.”

I haven’t had the courage to move it or myself from my desk since this discovery. 