I never understood sentimentality. How could an object mean so much to someone? But as I turned Roan's zippo--a gift from his late father--over in my hands, I didn't need to know why it meant something to him, just that it did.

The sky was Roan's favorite shade of blue as he put out his morning cigarette and checked in with his contacts for any new marks. It was not the bright blue of a cloudless day, but the steel blue of storm clouds heading his way. He inhaled deeply the scent of coming rain and his call connected just as thunder rumbled onto his porch.

"Hey, Derek. You got anything for me?"

"Yeah, a couple, actually. I'll text you the details and you can take your pick. We got a new guy to cover for Blake, and he can take the leftovers."

He inhaled sharply at the mention of his old buddy, who'd killed himself after a recovery operation gone wrong. Roan didn't know all the details, but he knew a bystander had been killed, and so had the nine year old target, a boy named Daniel. I, however, am a bit more nosy. I know that the nine year old target was a reincarnated serial killer, and the bystander his mother. Blake had gone a bit off the rails, firing his semi-automatic a few times too many. The child and his mother were buried in unmarked graves, as was the custom for reincarnated criminals. Nobody but a select few knew that the mother, a woman named Christine, had also been left of the law in her last life: a con artist who'd stolen the money of grieving people, people who had nothing to live for but enough money to make them worth her while.

Roan went to the bounty hunter's funeral, but the only thing he remembered through the haze of sadness was that they hadn't buried him with his cross necklace that he'd worn every day since Roan had known him, and that made things even worse. "Thanks," he choked out finally.

"Yeah. Just be careful with this one. Both of these guys were pretty nasty last time around, and it's been over twenty years for them."

That cleared his head, and I wondered if he'd catch on. "Jesus, I thought we set it up to alert us before they turn ten!"

"Yeah, well, the system's ten years old, and we designed it to alert us to possible targets before they turned ten."

"Wait, so... the ones who were ten or older by the time we set it up--"

"They slipped through the cracks, and now they're at least twenty. But we're fixing that up now."

"I'll tell you what," Roan said after a moment of contemplation. "Anybody else you find that's an adult by now, I'll take them myself if this job goes well."

Derek sighed, and I rolled my eyes as well. "Always trying to make a name for yourself, huh?"

"Just text me the information," Roan insisted, then hung up. He couldn't stand Derek outside of a sports bar.

Thunder rumbled again, and he pulled another cigarette from his pack and lit it, much to my disgust. I reminded him that it was a nasty habit, but he brushed it off. His phone chimed with a new text, and we both paid attention.

The first one had been a man in his late forties, accused of vehicular manslaughter and mass murder. Fortunately, he'd only been able to kill his own family before the police tracked him down. Unfortunately, he'd killed himself with a kitchen knife before they'd managed to capture him.

The second one was a woman in her thirties who'd stolen billions of dollars' worth of art, jewelry, and other things rich people collected to show off. Roan had never understood the urge to display your wealth to others for exactly this reason: it was sure to get you robbed. The woman had killed herself old school, with a cyanide capsule crushed between the molars. Probably to keep from having any telling birthmarks in the next life.

Roan's thoughts sped ahead of mine. The murderer would be easily identified by the slit-wrist birthmarks on his arms, he mused, and damn near guaranteed to have killed again. The woman, though, that was tougher. No scars, and art theft and other such nonsense was harder to pin down to a single individual.

Disappointed, I sighed and leaned back, closing my eyes. I'd had my fingers crossed for a certain target, but either they hadn't tracked him down yet, or Roan wasn't the one being sent after him. That wouldn't be a problem, though. Not for me.

"I'll take the girl," he texted Derek. "I love a challenge."

"And you love to give the new guys the murderers" came the response. Roan rolled his eyes and didn't reply to the text, just hopped into his car to start the drive to city hall. On a Sunday morning, there wasn't likely to be any traffic, and he expected to get there in record time.