*Propriam Manu Telum*

What an odd thing to write over a doorway. I'd been travelling through Rome for a week now, and I'd been studying Latin for years before that. "To the proper hand, its weapon?" I had to go inside and find out what this little store had to sell. I turned off the street, and descended what felt like at least three flights of stairs. 

*Odd*, I thought, *What the hell kind of place is this?*

I certainly hadn't expected the stairway to open up into a large hall. It was lit by flickering torchlight, and looked completely deserted. 

"Hello?" I called. 

A man's voice spoke up from directly behind me, startling me. Where had this guy come from? How long had he been there?

"Oh good, you're here. I've been expecting you." he said. He was short but powerfully built man, dressed in a nondescript brown robe. I couldn't begin to guess his age, or ethnicity with any accuracy: my immediate impression was of some kind of fighting monk. 

"Okay... but where exactly is here? And why are you expecting me?"

The possibly-a-monk smiled. 

"Curious and unafraid. Great qualities in someone who finds themselves in the Hall of Armaments. Walk with me, I'll explain as we go."

What the hell, I might as well walk with the guy. I had to stretch my legs to keep up with him though; despite my height advantage this guy seemed implacable, covering ground quickly. 

"This is the Hall of Armaments. In here are gathered the greatest weapons of their time. When a great hero dies, we enshrine their weapon here to preserve its legacy, and to keep it ready if it needs to be taken up by another in a time of great need."

"Okay..." I started, noting that we were walking past swords, and axes. In front of each was a little plaque with its name and (presumably) the name(s) of those who'd carried them. "So you're going to give me a sword?"

"Goodness, no. A weapon is reflective of its times; I doubt I'll ever give a blade like Excalibur out ever again. They were good in their time, but even the sword of Arthur wouldn't accomplish much today." he replied to me, gesturing off-hand at a shining sword stuck appropriately into a stone. 

"That's Excalibur?!" I exclaimed

"Yes, but it's not here for you. Come on, let's get you to something more modern."

As we kept moving, I noticed we were moving away from medieval weapons and were passing firearms; simple ones at first, with more modern ones coming up. 

"We're nearly to yours. Please stay close."

I noticed that we were nowhere near to the end of the hall. As we kept walking I tried to stare into the dim light ahead. The man's arm across my chest halted me suddenly. He reached up and grabbed me by the chin, gently but firmly turning my gaze away from the darkness ahead to regard a small pedestal next to us. 

"Your weapon is in the box."

What the hell? Now I was getting truly freaked out. I'm not a fighter by any stretch of the imagination. I thought he was leading me on, as some kind of really elaborate prank. This old crank is actually going to give me a weapon?

"What's in there?"

"A weapon of great power, if used correctly. You may not know its original wielder, but he was a man named Evan Brown. He last carried into battle in the nation North of your homeland."

I reached forward, and got a good grip on the handles on either side of the box. I bent my knees and lifted, carefully removing the heavy lid. I looked inside, and saw...

... a pie? 

"Brown used this weapon to attack a man he saw as a tyrant enforcing unfair laws. While Brown did not ruin the man he set out to dethrone, he did grab the attention of his countrymen."

"What the... this isn't a weapon! It's a bloody pastry!" 

The man's powerful slap came out of nowhere, knocking me to my knees.

"Oh you fool, THINK! Not all weapons are meant to kill man; not all men can be killed directly. A true tyrant slain may become a martyr, but one whose reputation dies is surely defeated."

"You want me to -"

The next slap cracked off my other cheek, stunning me.

"Not me! YOU! You want to. You know who you need to hit. You may even know when to do it."

I stood back up, and picked up the pie. As I did so, it dawned on me:

Not all Heroes are Soldiers. 

Not all Villains are defeated in Death

and sometimes... 

Laughter is what a Tyrant fears most of all.

