To your surprise, a SWAT team breaks down your door, rushes inside, and surrounds you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "Here they come."

To your surprise, a squad of Navy Seals rushes inside and surrounds you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "Soon."

To your surprise, a bunch of Marines rush inside, and surround you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "Any time now."

To your surprise, a fighter jet full of Air Force members breaks down all of the front of your house, and surrounds you. Only, the back of the jet is turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "I'm sure they are close."

Not that surprising at all, a group of national guard members step over the rubble that was the front of your house, rush inside, and surround you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "Almost here, surely."

To your surprise, Al Qaeda members explode the rest of your house, rush inside, and surround you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "They really aren't here yet?"

To your astonishment, the Mongolians ride their horses over the rubble, rush inside, and surround you. Only, their backs are turned to you, swords trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "*speaking in some other language*."

To your amazement, the A-Team with also Chuck Norris and David Hasselhoff drop from a helicopter, rush inside, and surround you. Only, their backs are turned to you, guns trained on the doors and windows. The closest one whispers, "I pity the rest of us here waiting on them to come."

To your disgust, current president Donald Trump takes a limo inside, and struggles to walk towards you. Only, his back is turned to you, eyes focused on the squads and teams. The fat lips pucker, "False alarm. It was fake news. You can ask anyone. It was just a scam."

So they all left, and that was it. You're left with no experience, no house, nothing at all. Yay. 
