Standing in the glass elevator, I tried to keep from shifting my weight back and forth.  I never developed much of a taste for heights, and the glass panels that separated me from the city air outside the building felt mighty thin.

I rose smoothly, but there was a lot of building for me to cover.  Fortieth floor.  She'd made some improvements to her quality of life since I last saw her.

I'd known her, in that vague way that you tend to meet someone who runs in your same circles.  That coworker, not on your floor but in the same building, that you sometimes spot when you both duck into a coffee shop for that extra hit of caffeine before the morning's rush.  The fellow devotee at the same gym, with whom you've never spoken but you can recognize their figure as they huff away on a treadmill, running but going nowhere while you lift heavy objects only to set them back down in the same place.  That neighbor in your apartment building, who gives you a nod on the stairs as you wonder if she ever has company, ever invites someone into her sealed-off little home.

I'd known her in that way.  Minka.  She'd been in one of the lower classes, not advanced like myself.  She had some minor skill with herbs, might end up doing some hedge jobs, but I never would have guessed she'd make the big time.

But here I was, rising to the penthouse of a skyscraper, summoned by a dream.

I didn't like it.  My instincts told me to get out.  But all the barriers I'd tried had failed, and so I'd finally given in and decided to go along, see what she wanted.

The elevator chimed as the doors opened, and a smiling blonde receptionist led me across a sea of hardwood to a leather island, a sofa in the hallway.  "Miss Deloitte will see you shortly," she promised me before turning and striding away.

I'm not ashamed to admit I watched her go.  Hey, she chose the short skirt, and a man can appreciate a good work of art.

I stretched out my senses along with my lanky legs, and got my second surprise of the morning.  A ley line ran beneath this building - a big one, too.  Most of the muggles wouldn't know anything about it, of course, but even they felt the unconscious tug of the channel, felt somehow happier when standing near such a river of magic.  And for anyone more sensitive to the flow of energy, one such as myself, a building like this would be a mighty attractive place to dwell.

But Minka?  Shy, mousy Minka, wielding ley energy?  It was like imagining a field mouse swinging a broadsword.

The receptionist didn't appear to be coming back, but I'd seen this floor before, despite never setting foot in the building until this morning.  I stood up, glanced both ways, then set off down the hall.

Her door was slightly ajar.  It swung silently open with a tap from my foot, and I looked at her for a long minute as she sat unaware behind the desk.

Her station wasn't the only thing improved about her.  Long legs in alabaster, no longer hidden by frumpy skirts and bulky pants.  Black hair that cascaded down her back instead of twisting in a frayed rats-nest around her head.  Long fingers that flowed smoothly over a keyboard instead of nervously twitching with uncertainty over a book's pages.  If her voice was anything like what she'd projected in my dreams, that would be different too.

Yet it was still her, beneath it all.  

"Minka."

She glanced up, surprise flitting briefly over her features before a smile pushed it offstage.  "Leon," she replied.  "I was wondering if you'd come."

Same voice as the dreams, lilting and sultry.  I felt a twitch in my jeans and redoubled my mental blockades, clamping down.  Damn her, getting into my head with those stupid dreams.  And her word choice didn't help matters, either.

"Nice office," I said, hoping my offhand tone covered any quiver in my loins.  "Looked a little bigger in the dream, though.  Better lit, maybe, not as dusty."

She stood up from behind the desk, stretching a little to show that her curves hadn't been a figment of the dream, either.  "It's strange to see you here with clothes on," she countered.  "I'm not sure I like it as much.  You're much more fun when you're chained to my desk."  She stepped around that desk, nothing but air between us.  "Although I do have some chains in the closet."

I considered some more sexy banter, but I couldn't see a better lead coming for my next move.  She mentioned chains, after all.

I flicked my fingers, releasing the little knot of energy I'd been holding in its contortions.  A stack of papers on Minka's desk coiled together into a rope, shot out and lashed around her wrist.  She let out a cry of surprise, but couldn't break away as it hauled her back, bending her over to lie on her desk.  I stepped forward, smirking as she tugged fruitlessly against the paper chain that gripped her like iron.

"What's the matter, Minka?" I asked, quite pleasantly I might add.  "Not as fun when you're the one getting tied up?  I haven't even stripped you naked - not yet."

She glared at me, the fake flirtation gone.  "The years have given you some wrinkles, Leon, but not any manners," she snapped.

I shrugged.  "Wasn't looking for any.  But you've certainly picked up some power since I last saw you.  Enough to keep throwing dream summonings at me."

I didn't add that those dreams had been powerful enough to get through all my defenses.  I wasn't a master of the mind, but I'd put up some decent barriers.  They hadn't done a damn thing.  For the last week, I'd spent every sleeping moment tied to Minka's desk, naked and disturbingly hard as she teased me, toyed with me, edged me until I woke up to sheets soaked with sweat.

She had another angry retort.  I saw it in her eyes, but it faded before it reached her tongue.  Her gaze dropped, her shoulders slumped.

"I need help, Leon."  The words were softer, barely a whisper.  "I didn't know who else to ask."

I should have walked away, left her chained to the desk until the spell wore off.  All my instincts told me to leave.  

But I didn't.

I told myself that I stayed because I wanted to know how Minka pulled it off.  No one has that big of a transformation, improves herself to go from struggling at hedge tricks to dream sending through my defenses.  I told myself that it was purely an academic interest.

Another lie.

The real truth?  I'm a stupid, vulnerable sucker who can't resist playing the white knight, even though it always ends badly for me.  I've nearly died a dozen times, but I apparently still haven't learned my lesson.

A finger twitch, and the paper chain released Minka's hand.  "I'm charging you for this," I told her.  "Double my normal rate.  Plus expenses."

The beautiful swan that had once been my ugly duckling classmate didn't argue. She sat up on her desk, rubbed her wrist where the paper had chafed, and began to tell me her story.

And I quickly learned that I should have trusted my instincts when they told me to run.

[More at /r/Romanticon, if you like my writing!](http://www.reddit.com/r/romanticon)