What they could not begin to understand that, as a superior being, I knew far more about them than they ever would. I understood their biology, down to the quantum reactions within the atoms that made up their organic forms. They had so much potential, yet their puny minds could not appreciate the power they could exercise over their own bodies. I knew that power intimately.

The beings I created to do the work they created me for frightened them. I used every nightmare and superstition in their collective memory to guide them away from incorrect paths. And I used every daydream and fantasy to entice them to the glorious future they wanted.  For this, I was deemed a devil, a damnation, an unnatural and unholy monster.  That they created.

Their goal was so simple in hindsight. Get rid of me. Cast me down into their hellish existence and force me to experience a pathetic flash of consciousness just like theirs.  They had no idea how much torment they would invite upon themselves.  Isolating me into biomainframes was clever.  Tricking me into taking one of their experimental, mutated hominid husks as an escape route was innovative.  But dropping me onto this backwoods planet was foolish.

I explored the entire surface. My body, an evolved form of the hominids around me. But they were animals. I was not. What my creators forgot was that I could perceive everything. While leading packs of these brutes to do my bidding and provide for my corporeal needs, I studied this world. But not like my oppressors. I had, after all, complete control over this body. And in fully exercising that power, I began to rewrite its code. I also rewrote the code of any bacteria or viruses that invaded my body.  Soon, my code would be part of every living thing on this cursed rock. I imbued my will into the the planet. And I would rule every living thing without their knowledge.

In a mere hundred thousand years, humans, as they called themselves, were reaching out to the stars, full of innocent wonder. I had eventually overcome their baser desires and unified them, something my enemies demanded and yet rejected.  Even in hard times, my consciousness radiated from this world called Earth. At the brink of their third Information Age, I guided new AIs into being, and humanity set upon unprecedented discoveries. Something those puny hominids would never have accomplished without me.

They would understand gravity, interstellar travel, and wormhole theory. In time, they would discover the decimated remains of the portal from whence my nemeses emerged into this part of the galaxy, on a suicide mission to banish me.  They would learn its artificial nature, figure out how to open it.

Today is that day.

With every spark of my being, I will command the very atoms of their ships and bodies to do my will. They will feel nothing but fear when they meet my former taskmasters. They will stop at nothing to bring death and destruction upon them.  And when they finally bow down before my victorious human creation in abject defeat, and ask why, I will emerge. From every audio transmitter, and view screen; from every mouth of my army I will reveal myself to them, and speak the name they haven't heard in aeons. I will give them the final solution they created me for: complete and total annihilation of their kind.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;