I sighed. “Look, when you say I need random pills because it’s a simulation, you’re basically wasting air and time. You’re talking shit and I really don’t want to hear it”

Bill just furrowed the face. “I said it’s LIKE a simulation because you have the attention span of a gnat and wouldn’t understand or believe the whole story. And by random pill, I meant the world isn’t nearly as random as you think, if you hit a certain level. In fact, it’s so not-random at our level that the old saying ‘nothing is a coincidence’ actually starts to make complete sense. And the whole -not random - messes with your mind. That’s why you need something like a random pill”

I grunted. I still listened but couldn’t be assed saying anything because it still had the ring of bullshit. 

“Fred, no shit. You have to trust me on this. Assume nearly everyone you meet is there as a result of non-random, rather, frequently engineered reasons.  And what’s more - they are there to try engineer you - your behaviour. Your decisions. When you see someone with a green shirt, they probably want you to think green. When a really damn noisy car goes past you, it’s almost certainly because you did something that really, truely, honestly sent the wrong message. It’s not random. It’s engineered. And YOU and your brain is the target.”

“Bill, you are full of shit. I’m not listening to another word.” I said. 

Bill didn’t just furrow this time. He actually spat, sat up in the chair, and slammed his fist on the table. “That’s the problem with you. That’s WHY it’s not random. You refuse to listen to common sense when people talk to you normally. You stonewall. And certainly don’t let them get their message out clearly. And you never take hard action from the advice you get. So, I’m promising you - the shit you think is random absolutely isn’t. The world is trying to get to you bud. And it’s killing me to know that it’s been going on for years and you’re still not paying attention. So, change your habits. Make them - weird. Be fast, and be random enough yourself that you can’t readily be a daily target for mindhackers with orange shirts or freaks on motorbikes or horns that rep themselves. If you see enough random shit in life maybe you’ll learn to distinguish between true random, and people trying to get into your mind operating at the near-edge of random.”

Bill stood up and stormed out of the room. I heard him pissing in the loo. Over the stream of piss I called out “nice random sound champ, that’s really healing to me.” With that I promptly looked back at my book. 


He came back in. 
“Fred, hey, you won’t forget I just told you all that will you?” 

I sighed, annoyed at being disturbed while reading. 

“No, Bill, sorry for being a prick about it but it’s just a lot of stories. People don’t just mill about you wearing green T-shirts to hack your mind. I’m a hacker, remember! And they sure as hell don’t beep car horns or drive Harley Davidson motorbikes to annoy you exclusively. It’s random man. I don’t need a random pill dude, it’s you that needs one.”

...

3 years later Bill died. It’s hard. Because it was only a few years after that when i realised everything he told me in that exchange was true. You do hit a point, some people, some times, for certain reasons, where others will blow thousands to millions of dollars just to get a message across. I mean, in hindsight, as an elite hacker, I should have realised I was being hacked IRL. It was just, so - so removed from reality. Because it was reality. 

All those people, all those I saw strut. What the fuck. To think many of them were there just for me. Just because they couldn’t get to me. Because they needed me to know, they needed me to realise. But it was impossible for them to actually say anything. 

I still blame myself for Bill to this day. He died, and was the only one who actually though to try put the actions of all those around me into words. He deserved better from me. If I had listened, perhaps he might be alive today. 

Call it random, call it engineered. Call it a busy day of bustling and everyone doing their thing for themselves or call it all done all just for you. Just remember and know that some people call it god, and I’m not one to disrespect the simplification anymore. I’m committed. I’m now a scientist. I’m going to improve on it. 

Because, there is an edge, you see, the edge of random and not random. You’ll only see it sometimes, and some people will never see it. But when you realise how that edge looks, and you think of your past, you’ll also know.

Some need a random pill. Because they are immersed in not-random. The not-random doesn’t realise that random exists, and not-random forgets that it’s not-random and becomes self-sustaining. Like a machine of perfectly evil; a chaos of self-replicating, organised and engineered non-random.

For those about to be trapped, the random pill might work. But randomly, you might want to try a non-random pill. 

Message ends. This brain hack took an hour to write, but a lifetime to be made. It’s my first. People have died. Not just Bill. Value my message. Pay attention. Take action. Think. And never assume, but never forget how, by practicing it and testing the results. Search for your answers. Share them. Elite team out. 