“But it you isn't it? From the November line? Different everyday yet so similar” I asked as we readied to offered the ID tags for inspection by the gates. The flash of anger in the eyes suggested I shut up, at least until the other side of the gates.

It had taken many pillows to find them, to match the dreams without affecting the fragile structures. Those little changes each time, the length of the hair, the posture and habits of waiting for the journey to end. The crowding of the bus, the commuting traffic resolving to the new environments with each visit.

Barging in front of commuters resigned to the grind of crowded infrastructure, I managed to exit a parallel inspection barrier in time to try and continue the conversation. “I shouldn't be able to see you in the same way you shouldn't be able to see them.”

Stopping so swiftly in the crowd bought a few tuts and grumbles as the flow of humanity parted and resumed around us. The irresistible force and the immovable object jostled for moments before they spoke. “Just how much trouble am I in?” they set off again, neck straining to look over the crowd, through others faces, scanning for another.

“We'd both be in trouble, you broke the rules as did I.” I replied catching up with a casual stride, glancing left and right. “I doubt the object of your desires will be chasing another, or is that why your here.”

“Interesting, maybe I could spend some time with a coffee, hearing dreams and picking vistas.”

“There was a place on the surface where a chef cooks the menu by hand. Different every time, maybe it is there still. If you have time of course.” The resignation of being distracted let the mask of anger drop. The smile of other days spread slightly across the face.

“There can always be time. We could go explore this new world once, felling brave?” they responded and set off towards the stairs. I followed with a spring in the step, trying to remember every little detail of the menu, maybe this time it would be different.