I smiled as I saw him, looking down at his mangled body, and walked slowly to stand by his side. 

"Tuesday already Aiden?"

Glancing up at me, he sighed and nodded. "Tuesday again, boss." He looked back down. "Motorcycle accident. You'd think after all this time I'd at least wear a helmet." I chuckled softly and let my gaze drift over to grass where his decapitated head lay. 

"Maybe next time buddy. Now, shall we get going?" I pulled my scythe from beneath my robe and sliced through the air, opening the rift to the other side. Aiden sighed and walked forward, me right on his heels. 

We stepped through the rift and started our journey. The same journey we'd been taking for....well since I could remember. I'd taken this job two mere centuries ago and had been guiding Aiden to the afterlife every Tuesday since. Maybe he'd been dying since before I became a reaper. I didn't know. It didn't seem polite to ask. 

I wasn't complaining though. I could count on two things from this job; leading silent souls, and Aiden. Believe it or not, being a reaper isn't all that interesting. Most souls are accepting, ready to move on to whatever comes next. Some are more unruly, begging and such, but quickly accepting the fact that they must move on. Aiden was the outlier. My first time seeing him, he greeted me enthusiastically and seemed eager for the afterlife. It caught me off guard, but after a few years, i began to warm up to him. Being a reaper is a pretty lonely gig, after all. 

We walked slowly, the same path we'd walked for 253 years, when suddenly Aiden stopped. He turned to me. 

"Do you like what you do?" 
   
I was taken aback. We'd talked about much in our weekly journeys, but never anything of consequence. Mostly small talk, really. 

"I guess it could be worse." I replied, shrugging and continuing to walk. Looking behind me, i realized that Aiden was still standing in the same spot. 

"What if I told you...that you could be like me?" He said softly. "Alive again. Well, mostly" 

I cocked my head to the side. Alive? I'd been dead since the early 1600's, and had always been at peace with it. Especially since I got the job as reaper. But...to live again? It sounded tempting but how could it possibly happen? I was dead, after all. There was no coming back from that. Except, of course, Aiden was proof that wasn't entirely true. I studied his face and said in a voice that was almost a whisper. 

"What?" I was taken aback. 

"I used to be like you. A reaper." He said, and if the holes that once held my eyes could have, they would have widened in surprise. He continued, "However, i made a sort of deal with... well we'll talk about that part later. The point is, you can live again! Wouldn't you love to be able to roam the earth with more purpose than a crossing guard of the afterlife?" 

He smiled at me expectantly as I thought over what he'd just told me. I could live. I could feel the sun on my skin. I could have skin! Getting more and more excited at the prospect, I quickly closed the distance between us. Looking down at his grinning face, I nodded slightly and asked,

"How?"