The Golden Tankard, at least in the eyes of a typical Eldritch drunkard, was grand both in scale as well as service. The inn towered three stories above Eldritch's winding mud streets, an island of revelry in a sea of stinking despair. Often it was that drunken customers would stumble regretfully from its entrance, forced to use whatever moonlight they might to hop across the ponderous stones studded periodically in the streets lest they lose a shoe to the muck.

Known for its deceptively large interior, the first floor wound back into the depths of the building, a network of barrooms and lounges. The events of our story begin in one of those lounges in the depths of The Golden Tankard, where John the Wicked began exacting his revenge.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

He watched silently, a robed figure invisible in the dimness. Not including the lounge's barkeep and three serving girls, he counted 13 individuals. Four of the Nuri family, each of whom had a woman of the night by his side, and a five-man detail. They would have to go first.

John waited patiently until one of the crossbowmen completed his circuit and turned back to pace the length of the room again. When he finished his eight strides and turned right, the guards would finally be aligned. The fight had already happened three times in John's mind. Now all he had to do was execute it.

*A loom of shadow behind the crossbowman, followed by a muffled cry, spray of dark, and then a* thump. *A quick roll between two rows of stools, a hiss of steel sliding from its sheath, and suddenly, bedlam. Crossbow bolts streak across the lounge, occasionally catching lantern light on their tips before they thud into walls or couches or shatter glassware. Women are screaming and dropping to the floor, men are screaming and sprinting for the exits. Some guards attempt to track the shadow as it flits from spot to spot, but it moves too fast and too irregularly in the dim light. When it passes by man, guard or patron, it stings, piercing flesh and rending bone. Within less than a minute, the room reeks of copper and there's an overwhelmingly heavy silence.*

The man hit his pivot point and began walking to his right. John rolled into action.