In this world, many things were considered dead. It was a simple description, used carelessly, when applied to things such as batteries, cars, and appliances. More complicated when it came to friendships and romances. And then stating that an actual living being was dead could be even more jarring, but in reality, the dead very much outnumbered the living in this world. That is, well, not taking into account creatures such as bacteria.  


You'd think that by now living creatures would have figured out the key to stopping death. Not the case, though. Death was still as prevalent as ever. Some considered it deplorable that such a thing still even existed, and others considered it a comfort that it seemed the only universal truth. 

At least, it had been. It's only obligatory to say here that 'then, I came along.' Because maybe the world had finally had enough of everything always dying. Maybe some higher being was bored or curious. Maybe not, maybe it was just a fluke that had slipped through the cogs of time. But the world got its very necromancer, me, on a pretty normal seeming fall evening. 

I hadn't always known that I had this power; death had seemed far away at first. I was born much like a normal person and lived a normal childhood, as far as those go, yet my peace didn't last once I became a teenager. After hitting that age what normal people might deem to be emo, death seemed to close in on me. Not me directly, but always around me, and I was somehow always aware. My village was ravaged by a disease overnight, and it was strange at first how I was the only one not affected. The only one who had not quickly succumbed and died. It was strange, that day. I expected to feel more emotion. But instead it was like something I had always known would happen because death was prevalent. And I was not disturbed, not even when people mourned and grieved around me at the mass funeral, because I knew they were all still there. Faint voices that still called out to me from thin air. 

That was my awakening. 

I still didn't really have any idea why or how it happened. The days after the funeral, I would find myself randomly wandering down to the graves with a shovel, animating a few of my relatives' dead bodies. I'd chat with them for a while, tell them how life was, reminisce about the old days. It was almost like they were still alive and I didn't have the power to temporarily give life back to the dead. Then I'd peacefully settle them back down to rest six feet under. I guess that the afterlife was good or something, because the friendly relatives and family members I animated all seemed to be pretty cheerful. 

It was only the beginning, though. 

Later, I'd move to a bigger city to find work (because necromancers also need work, and I didn't really know what negative maladies would plague me if it became openly known that I was one). And I'd realize that, huh, screens and electronics seemed to call out to me. In fact, anything deemed 'dead' would have this feeling to it. 

I was actually able to practically control death for these things, computers and machines. I could bring them back to life - refill battery through willpower and a faint tingling sensation, will gas pumps full - in a way that I hadn't been able to for dead bodies.  Not surprising that I couldn't bring actual people back to life, considering they were dead.  But I could still sometimes go to graves (or dig up the occasional murdered victim from their 'voice') and chat it up with some dead people. Who were not as friendly here, but that was only to be expected considering how prevalent and seemingly unjust death can seem in big cities. 

And another thing I could do, which only through sheer strange luck had I figured out, was to bring back old friendships and romances through the same way I reanimated anything else. I guess things just had to be considered 'dead' for me 'fix' them, and somehow things just worked out that way. 

Anyway, it was a power that something had given to me, and screw that if I wasn't able to have my way with it.