I heard my father open the door before the bell had even completed its' full chime. As soon as the door opened a light went on in the back of my head, I could see my family. My dad standing in the light holding the door open, my mom holding my baby brother in her arms.

"Glad you're here, starting to get pretty cold out tonight." My father remarked.

The faceless man responded with a quick "Yeah, just a quick peek and I will be out of your hair."

I was dumbstruck. This happened once previously, but it had only been my grandmother, not the bed she lay on and certainly not the whole room, but this, this was unbelievable. Trying to make sense of it I could only whisper to myself, slowly shaking my head. "This.....it....cannot....be."  

I found the experience very disconcerting, trying to focus on the senses I had come to rely on for the past 13 years, I paused and closed my eyes. Raised voices from the basement broke the silence.  I focused on the exchange trying to piece every bit of sound together. 

"Sir, the system is dangerous. I have to red .... the system. A ...... valve is missing as is the carbon ........ detector." The man told my father. 

My father, the strain in his voice was evident, yelled "It's 15 F'ing degrees out, you cannot turn off my heat, I have a blind daughter and a newborn. Where are we supposed to go?"

"There is a shelter ...., or you could .... friends or relatives and stay there." said the man, who was trying to remain calm with his voice.

"GET THE F OUT OF MY HOUSE, NOW!" yelled my father, almost the loudest I'd ever heard him.

"Ok" said the man, and not a word was spoken as they climbed the steps and I watched my father walk him to the door and slam the door as soon as he was on the stoop. 

My father standing there with his brown hair and blue eyes, eyes that radiated passion and brilliance standing there fists clenched, fuming. Staring at the ground, I could tell he was thinking, as he breathed loudly and slowly when he was thinking.

I heard the mail box flap outside open and shut.

"I'll show him, I just need to go to YouTube to figure out how to start the heating system." My father stated.