Professor Sameul Oak was a silver fox.

At the ripe age of 57, he had enough experience and charisma to move nations; the pandering and wants of introverted nerds were childsplay for him to manipulate. Even now she could see him, uncaring for the rules and decorum of the function, adorned in the lab coat and khaki's that were their unofficial uniform. Viewed as unkempt and dirty by most, he waded through his peers like a king. His easy-going demeanor and gentle disposition drew people to him like moths to flame, and he had no hesitations to keep him from using that to his advantage.

A closet megalomaniac enticed by the grandeur and allure of power, he was not above dirtying his hands to get what he wanted. A charming smile and honeyed words hid a ruthless despot that near single-handedly managed to convince the masses that training and studying pokemon were the holiest of pursuits.

Fear was both the devil's greatest illusion and weapon, and none had longer horns than Samuel. He took the limited resources of enthusiasts and expanded it into an empire recognized by the world's governments as the one responsible for restoring peace and stability to bedlam and pandemonium.

Calling them pokemon 'trainers' was a rather pretentious way to describe his army, but he upheld his promise of tranquility and was rewarded with an unending legion of child soldier's.

Unknowing, child soldiers.

"Good evening Professor Ivy, it's nice to see you out of the lab for once." Nobody could posture better than Samuel. Even Philena could not stop her back from straightening, nor the shiver down her spine from his chocolate baritone.

She managed a weak smile, only barely able to keep the tremor out of her voice. "Cooping myself up in my lab has made me a little stir-crazu, I figured I could use the fresh air."

"Break out of your comfort zone Professor." He kept his eyes locked with hers even as he finished his champagne.

She wished he didn't.

"We are innovators. We must think outside the box. Comfort means you already know what you are thinking. You do not need to think about what you have already come to know. Comfort is unconsciousness, a void where knowledge goes to die. Professors like us must never be comfortable."

"It seems I still have much to learn from you, Professor." He nodded sagely and turned his attention from her, allowing her to release the breath she was not aware she was holding.

"As much as I would love to talk more, I really should converse with the other guests." He bowed his head lightly as he departed, the sea of people parting around him as he strode forth.

"Fancy seeing you here, Professor Ivy." She sighed, Professor Cullen Calix was the one person she would freely admit hating more than Oak.

A puppet for his master's, Calix was the interim spokesperson for Team Rocket. Licensed only for his status, his work was held in disdain by all his fellow professor's. Even Oak, the entire reason for his ascension to professor, admitted his work was lackluster at best.

Most, if they were privy to the real details, would call it cruel.

"Cullen."

The political fallout should their esteemed organization be caught stealing pokemon would be shattering. Cullen was the fall-man should the worst come to happen, and he did not hesitate to agree. Even she, loathe as she was to admit, could see the need for him.

From a purely scientific perspective at least; they needed to have lunch with the crooks and criminals of the world, vile men and women who could line their pocket with coin and bludgeon the police into blindness.

Progress did not come without sacrifice.

"Are you ready for the party?"

She raised an eyebrow. "Are you implying this party has a purpose other than to brown nose our benefactors."

Conspiratorially, he looked for any would be eavesdroppers, before bequeathing his secret. "We got a big one."

Realisation dawned on her. "How?"

The smugness that radiated off of him made her sick. To Cullen, their world was a farm and slaughterhouse, pokemon ripe for captivity and experimentation.

"Boss Oak has it all taken care of." He gestured to the podium eagerly, just as Oak began to clear his throat, silence coming over the room.

"Good evening ladies and gentleman, thank you all for coming, and sharing with me this momentous moment in history, the beginning of a new era!" Thunderous clapping overcame the room, cheers and hoots intermingled with it. "We are powerful. We built this organization from the ground up, and we have enjoyed the fruits of our labor for years. Power, however, comes with responsibility. Through our combined efforts, we have given structure and curriculum to a shattered world. We made peace our goal, efficiency our king, and we have enjoyed the privileges of our rule, but now it is time to defend our kingdom." Clapping echoed throughout the room, deafening.

"Truthfully, the governments are useless, they are incapable of solving the worlds problems, problems they struggled over for decades, problems we solved in one. Before us, our world was filled with strife. War. Poverty. For the sake of profit, the countries that dare to smile at their populace institute militarisitc regimes that only serve to line pockets and exacerbate already existing problems."

He inhaled deeply before continuing, a horrid scowl on his face, voice cold enough to make water freeze. "They say that the only two things that are constant in this world are time and change. I say they forgot about war. We have suffered through war after war after war that has led to more war. This association stands to break the cycle. We symbolize the end of fighting. Their world leader's smile to our faces, but they fear us. To them, we are not a solution, but a threat. An independent organisation that belongs to no nation with far too much power to be adequately controlled, no matter how hard they try. They fear us. And they should."

Ignoring the clapping echoing through the room, he pressed a button on the podium and a screen fell down from the ceiling. "Alas, the governments of the world are not the only problem."

The pictures came to life.  "Ardonia."

It was a quaint place. Surrounded by woodland and flowing rivers, it was a popular vacation spot for anyone and everyone. On the screen, the fiery barings off Moltres could be seen in the sky. Merely watching it in action almost made it seem hot in the ballroom as well. Moltres screeched, and fire swallowed the forest, rapidly spreading out to devour all it could touch. The lifegiving rivers which had provided for the village dried up in an instant, Magikarp, Feabas, and even a few Gyrados floundered helplessly for water that would never come.

"Perlo."

Rayquaza was destruction incarnate. The town was on fire, people were fleeing, *attempting* to flee, as they were swept up into the tornado it had conjured. It lazily swam through the air in it's eyem watching the towns incineration, occasionally munching on an unfortunate soul that flew a little too close.

"Long have I pondered how to do it. To end all fighting, to enjoy a true, constant peace. Not this farce of an armistice that has nations tip-toeing around each other to see what they can get away with. To not live in constant fear of backlash from pokemon's natural behaviors. With the aid of Professor Cullen Calix, we have found the solution." He nodded to Calix, and his minion obeyed. Fishing a remote from his pocket, he pressed a button that drew away the curtain behind Oak, revealing a sight that left Philena gaping in awe and fear.

The large, hulking form of Groudon was stationary in the cage. Upon being exposed to the bright lights and curious faces, it became unhinged. It threw itself at its glass prison, claws glowing a pure white in preparation to burn its way out. Cullen held up the remote, and with the push of a button, the legendary being was swallowed by lightning, its agonized shriek rattling the bones of all present, before the light down down and its charred body was shown collapsed, writhing and thrashing in its captivity.

"This, ladies and gentleman, is my answer. Our association has the largest arsenal of combat ready pokemon in the world.  They will be our deterrent. Weapons of mass destruction. I know what everyone here wants. Life. Happiness. The whats that make life worth living. This will be the how." Philena could not tear her gaze away from Groudon. Its thrashing had stopped, and it contented itself to glare out at everyone in attendance.

Something had to change.