As the ramp slowly slides down from the alien ship onto the floor, more and more people grouped around the spacecraft.  When the ramp touched the floor, a figure appeared from inside the ship, with green-blueish skin, with a big attachment at its top, and something like a gun from one of its limbs pointing it to an opening at its “chest”. In a robotic tone, it said “The Planet of Naaxooqsa, presents to you, its entry for your annual ceremony.” After those words were said, a weird woman-like figure slide from inside. Woman-like because, it was what computers on the 80s would have thought a woman figure was like. Sharp lines on her face, grouped muscles, and sudden reactions; from stillness to a public greeting, like a new queen waving to her new subjects.  The people around the ship have transformed from ten to three dozens, and some of them were already recording on their phones.       
“Is this it? Our first encounter with a new race? And they’re… mocking us?”      
“Nah, they’re trying their best to imitate us.”     
“Well, their best is very bad.”     
“Who is in charge of the ceremony?” the first figure yelled at the crowd. “We’d like to enter our submission. We can talk about the dishonor of ignoring us for centuries later.” Nobody in the crowd spoke up. “Come on, did I set it right? I was sure this was Las Vegas.” The figure took the gun-like machine, pushed some buttons on their side, and point the gun at its chest again. “¡Hola! Somos el planeta de Naaxooqsa.  Estamos aquí para…
“Nah, dude, you’re in Las Vegas, we speak English, cool down” Some guy yelled. The figure took the gun out of its chest again, pushed the buttons again, and pointed it at its chest back. 
“You could’ve spoken earlier, subject. Well, where do we submit our creature to the ceremony?”      
“You see, ceremony is a broad term. What are you talking about?”     
“*The* ceremony of course. When you crown the most beautiful creature on the universe, and you give it the title of *Miss*, and slaughter all of the losers for their imperfections.”     
The people gasped. “I’m sorry, what”          
“Yes, the *Miss of the Universe*”      
“Yes that it’s correct, although the other part is not quite. That may be the only right part.”      
“So you don’t discard all of the other loser creatures?”      
“Why would we do that?”      
“Because…” the figure doubted for a second. “Do I have to explain your game to yourself? Different teams each year build a model of what an optimal nurse nucleus would look like, you submit them, you set that all of your generation for that breeding would have to be hatched in replicas of that nurse nucleus, you discard all of the losers, and then you do it again next season. Honestly, it’s brilliant. You make the advancement of your race a communal thing. The first time we got your transmission we decided to copied it, we’ve been doing it like that for centuries.”     
The crowd went silent during this explanation. How do you react to… all of this?      
“So, where do we submit our subject?”        
After some seconds, the guy that was interacting with it just starting manically, nervously, laughing.
“So you’re saying that you changed your entire race upon watching Miss Universe, draw your own conclusions, and now want to “submit” your “creature”?       
“Yes, we’d like that very much, please.”      
The guy just couldn’t stop laughing, and the people joined in the laugh. The figure started changing colors, from its blue-greenish to a red-brownish, but without any other thing changing.     
“I feel like copying you maybe wasn’t that good of an idea.”
The crowd laughed louder at that comment.       
“There is something wrong with you, right?”.       
The crowd laughed even louder at that.
“Or did we get something wrong?”
The crowd was in front of the best comedian of their lives.
“Almost everything, buddy.”
