"So," I said as we drifted, "What is this?!"
I clenched the seat as hard as I can fighting the immense G force of the vehicle. 
"Where are we going?!"

Grimm is not what you'd expect. Folklore and myth paints a picture of him with a robe with a scythe and a serious face. And I tell you now  it's all wrong. 

Nowadays he's wearing a black hoodie with olive jeans. There's something glimmering underneath his hoodie. I can see a gold coin that has an image of a bee and it was fashioned into a necklace. The other thing he's known for carrying is what I'm worried about. The scythe is nowhere to be seen. 

"We... are on... hold up," 
he said as he did another hard turn, 
"...the River Styx road."
Grimm looked at me saying,
"You just sit back... and relax."
"Look at the road. People usually trip out with what they see."

I look down and the road is a dark lime green color with an emerald glow. I can see images forming like a movie reel. The only way I can explain it is like a phonograph. Once my eyes looks at the road the images form. It hurts to see yet I am drawn to it. 

I look at Grimm and he gestures me to continue. 

What I see is almost like life flashing before my eyes yet this isn't my life. It's of some woman. It feels like I'm watching a tv show because I kind of recognize the actress. You can tell it's a big budgeted drama because of the soldiers, the fame, looks like she has 2 boys and some rich people in a mansion. And she looks happy. 

I take my eyes away because I'm feeling a strange sort of pain. The only way I can describe it is a pain in my soul since I don't have a living body anymore. 

"Who is this," I asked. 

"Let's worry about that later. I have a schedule to follow," 
he replied, 
"and I just want to make sure I have enough time to see what happens with you before I get to the next soul."

"What happens next?"

"You'll see in a moment. We just need to get past the tunnel of light."

"What tunnel?"

Just then I could see a wormhole open up although I didn't see light anywhere. That is until I passed the opening. It felt like you were going light speed in a fraction of a second. 

There was light all around me. I couldn't tell if we were moving anymore. I see that the cars gone and Grimm and I are just floating. 
All I can say is that this tunnel feels familiar. 

"Grimm are we still in the wormhole?"

"Yes," he says. "Keep a lookout."

"What?!" 
I turned to him and was astonished at what I saw. 

Grimm pulled up his hoodie from his waist and with his left hand he grabbed at his spine between his rib cage and his belt. I didn't expect his hand to go through his spine however his hand did grab something. 

What he pulled away was a glowing fiery object that held the same S shape as his spine. Like a ghost it phased from his spine. Grimm flipped the object to the front of him. He grabbed his gold coin, yanked it free with a grunt and placed it at the top of the object. Suddenly it was a physical object. 

"This is my scythe," Grim said solemnly. 

The scythe split and opened up halfway down its length and a double gold razor protruded like a switchblade. The blades stopped at its final point giving it that familiar "7" look that it has. 

He looks at me saying, 
"Do you know why this tunnel is familiar?"

I shook my head. 

"You died because you were drunk driving in this tunnel. You and the lady you saw died."

"It was an acci..."

"Shhh.. your maliciousness doesn't matter to the  demons coming to get your soul. Specifically Malebolge. I am here to make sure you see her and saint peter to get a proper judgement."

Just as he said the last part the floor opened and it felt like we were passing through worlds as if the tunnel was like an elevator to these worlds. 

We stopped on the 8th floor and I can see in the distance that the demon was already waiting for us. 

Grimm asks, "Are you ready?"