He had been showing up my entire life. Always in secret, and always for a short while.

"You are something special. Someday, the world will need you." 

Thats what he kept saying. 

First time I saw him, that I can remember, was on my mothers funeral. I was five, and she had been ripped apart trying to stop a small skirmish between some local powered gangs.

My dad slowly lost himself in a haze of alcohol and grief.

The second time, I was 10. Most of my peers had started developing their powers. Some could hover for a couple of seconds. Some could breathe fire. Some had started getting some mutations. But I, I hadn't developed anything.

"Your time will come. Your power shines from within. Your mother shines from your heart." 

Thats what he said. I had nearly written off my experience at the funural as kids fantasy.

He appeared three more times. Everytime, when I needed him most. He never appeared for more than a minute, but it was enough to give me hope.

My powers were very limited. If I preformed my focus, my entire body would glow. A focus is a gesture or phrase that helps you, well, focus, on your powers. Kind of like how actors get into character. Mine was crackling my knuckles. I loved the sound. It made me relax. Always had.

I was in my car, when he appeared again.

"It's time. Your time has come. You are needed. Your time for greatness is here."

I almost crashed the car into the side of a truck. 

"You really have to stop materialising when I'm doing something. What do you even want from me? My power is that I essentially turn into a giant glowstick."

He looked at me, and for the first time in 25 years, he smiled.

"You have potential, hidden within. Come, take my hand. I will show you."

Careful not to take my eyes of the road, I complied. The world turned bright. I could see the world.. changing before me. Like a timelapse, but of everything and everywhere. The entire universe born and reborn in an endless cycle. It was the closest to God I had ever been. Suddenly, I just WAS in a dark and musty cave.

A female voice broke the silence.

"CHRONOS. I told you to pack a flashlight. Even your powers aren't that useful when you can't see. Total command of space and time, and you forget the fucking flashlight."

"I told you Inifi-Queen, give me five minutes and I'd be back with one. Look, here it is. Happy?"
He said as he cracked my fingers.