One hundred. Exactly one hundred of us. This is a number that we have counted over and over again during the five month seven day trip; a trip that we have all looking forward to for most of our lives. From children we have looked up at the sky dreaming, wondering and hoping that one day we can make it to the planets; that one day mankind will finally take its first step on an other planet making that commitment to colonize beyond our pale blue comfortable dot. One hundred was more than just a number. But it was one hundred dreams; one hundred lives of tedious work; one hundred men and women that served as inspiration of this exact moment in history. We counted three times a day to make sure we were all there and none of us had mysteriously left the ship. We were not all too sure as to how the one hundred of us would react in the confines of a space ship in the vacuum of space. But, now that worry, that anxiety, that anticipation has come to an end. The soft pud of the lander touching the red Martian soil, and the soft rock of the lander yawing upon touchdown signaled the end of a journey that none of us thought we would have seen while we were laying on our death beds, taking our last breaths, yet still continuing to dream of the depths beyond our clouds: depths that we have only voyaged to within our minds. But, as we died, our eyes faded to black on the canvas of life before our eyes, until there was only existence, we sat in consciousness to only see the fade black into light; and the canvas of life to reappear. Do wonders ever cease. 

We, the one hundred, journeyed from our deathbeds instinctively gathering in the same place: inside of the fist Martian manned mission. All one hundred of us with the same desire, yet also the same fear. How will our ghostly vessels manage the journey? How will our non psychical form manage within the physics that we all know so well? These questions could not have been answered, and the faith that we maybe should have had in our living days now must be evoked on our journey. We have faith now that we cannot explain everything and that we cant even think of the questions to ask, but faith will now guide the rest of our work and who we are. 

Now as the one hundred await for the doors to open upon the Martian soil, we find that we might be the first spiritual colony to settle within our solar system: a feat that is even more remarkable than mans accomplishment happening simultaneously. More fear sets in as we realize that we have no bases of what a spiritual colony settlement entails nor the responsibility it holds. With the light of life that we have been given, comes with the darkness of doubt.  

The doors open and we the one hundred are all holding our breath and holding each other's hands. And with a clarity we exhale and live: now breathing in the life of the new home and inhabiting an eternal space that will be the bedrock of all future spiritual generations. Our souls are light. We are now this world's faith. 