"No Bathbomb! Not in the house!" I cry out, scrambling towards the newest addition to the family, the lithe grey cat was currently hunched over a tiny black wriggling lump that I could only assume was a mouse. Still squeaking, rather pitifully but still alive. I gently lift the small mewling murder machine with one hand and use the other to awkwardly grab a tea towel hanging over the nearest cupboard handle. 

Once the poor little mouse was safely tucked into the towel I deposit Bathbomb back onto the ground and stand up straight, the feline wails a little at the loss of his plaything. But he quickly loses interest and heads back to the living room.

I turn my attention back to the mouse, what do I even do? Let it back outside? Yeah, that's what I normally did. It was still wriggling and squeaking so maybe it wasn't as banged up as I thought and had a chance back in the wild, but then again. I once saw Bathbomb take down a magpie the same size as him so I'm rather amazed the mouse was still even breathing, carefully pulling the towel back. I decide to asses the damage, maybe I could find a wildlife center for the little guy...

Is that a hat? I frown as I peer at the creature, not quite sure what it was I was seeing. I thought the mouse was black, but what I had thought was fur was looking more like a tiny breastplate of sorts. On further inspection, I make out what appears to be a brown belt, small black wrap-like things around it's back legs and a fine silver chain hanging around it's neck with a thin, sharp, curved item on it, a cat claw maybe?

My mind grinds to a halt, am I having a stroke? Do I have a brain tumor? I continue to stare at the mouse in my hands, the armored mouse to be specific.

"Wha..." I whisper, continued to stare. The creature blinks it's beady eyes at me. I could vaguely feel it's body trembling, my eye is drawn to it's paw. Where, of course. A tiny broken sword is clutched in a tiny trembling paw, bright yellow in contrast to the rest of it's outfit.

"What are you?" I ask, before I can stop myself. But I didn't, I am actually talking to a mouse. A mouse wearing full Lord of the Rings-esque armor that I had just rescued from my sadistic pet cat. In retrospect, maybe talking to the mouse wasn't the most ridiculous part of the situation. Naturally, being a mouse. It didn't reply, well. It did, it squeaked almost insistently but I couldn't understand a word it was saying. 

Maybe it's someone's pet? I had a pet mouse when I was little, but if it is how on earth did it end up in my house? It was raining quite heavily earlier so Bathbomb has been inside all day, it must have crawled in through the cat flap. It has to be someones pet, why else would it be wearing armor? 

"Right" I said, to no one in particular "On the off-chance that this ISN'T the manifestation of a brain tumor and you are someone's pet I'm going to give you a quick once over, to be frank. I normally wouldn't bother, but you're wearing armor and your human is probably missing you" I leave the kitchen and head towards my bedroom, not before making sure Bathbomb is secure in the living room.

Upon entering my bedroom, I sit at my desk and place the little warrior down. I wait, seeing if it can move around on it's own a little. It stands, somewhat shakily, on it's two legs. I didn't see much evidence of a fight save for a tear it it's breastplate and a little bit of blood beneath it's left ear. With a motion that looked unnervingly human, the mouse examined the broken sword held in it's hands. 

"I think you bit off more than you could chew with Bathbomb..." I murmur, more to ground myself back in reality than anything. 

The mouse looks to me, as if it understood. I ball up a shred of tissue and offer it to the warrior, it takes my offering and presses it to the blood patch on it's head. It squeaked again, but this time. In the silence of my room, without the humming of the kitchen fridge. I swore I could make out a word, feeling like a twit. I lean closer.

"Sorry?" I ask "Did you actually say something?" my voice was barely above a whisper, the mouse shifts a little. removing the tissue ball before repeating...

"I said thank you, kindly giant"

I leap back, chair clattering to the floor. I shrieked in a fashion that I would deny until my death before tripping over my bed and landing in a ungraceful heap, a mouse just talked. To me. Using people words.

Brain tumor, definitely a brain tumor.

"Well, there's no need to panic so much!" That voice squeaked again, am I being sassed by a bloody mouse?!

"Hey!" I found myself snapping back "I happen to be panicking the perfect amount for the situation" after a few moments, my heart stopped hammering so painfully and my breathing returned to some semblance of normal. I slowly eased myself back into my desk chair, peering at the warrior.

"Again" I said, with more firmness in my voice "What are you?" 

"First of all" the mouse squeaked, I was unable to tell if it was male or female "Not a pet, as you assumed. As for what I am, I believe you humans have a general term for what we are. Though it isn't solid, to you. I would be one of the Fae. And my name, Tanni" 

Ah, of course. A fairy. It does make an odd sort of sense. I wonder if there's a tiny mouse kingdom, with mouse armies and a mouse king and queen? 

"Right, and is there any particular reason you found yourself in my kitchen trying to murder my beloved cat?" I reply, deciding to steer into the skid and embrace the absurdity of this entire situation.

"Ah, well" the warrior, or Tanni, as I now knew looked away, almost as if abashed "Your, um. Bathbomb, was it? Yes. Bathbomb had dug up and destroyed my home, I was duty bound to seek revenge. Though, as you said. I had 'bitten off more than I could chew' so to speak"

Well this is making less and less sense, though I am not in the least bit surprised that Bathbomb had brought this on himself. 

"Oh" was all I could manage for a moment "Bathbomb is a dick, believe me I know, and I am very sorry about your home" I pause, if I let Tanni go will I find my Bathbomb slaughtered? Will I wake with his head in my bed?

"Look, I really am sorry about Bathbomb..." I am actually about to negotiate for my cat's life with a mouse "But please, don't kill my cat. I do happen to love him, I could rebuild your home for you maybe? And I will nurse you back to health. Again, just please don't murder the cat, I enjoy his company"

Little Tanni was quiet, before they bobbed their head in a sort of nod. 

"I will not murder your pet" they said finally "Provided you help me rebuild my home and think of a way to keep Bathbomb away, because frankly. Your cat is a demon and I have no desire to face him again, he bit the blade off of my sword of and all!"

Relief washes through me and I open my mouth to respond, before slamming it shut again. I lean back in my chair, creeping dread already smothering my earlier relief. 

"He what now?" I ask, already mentally tallying up the vet bill.

"Oh yes" Tanni said, brandishing the yellow pick in their hand "Snapped it right off he did, before I could even swi... where are you going?!" I barely made out their last few words as I was already heading for the door.

"Stay there!" I call back to the warrior, slamming the door behind me before bolting to the living room. 

Bathbomb was on the sofa, he looked at me, and I saw what appeared to be a bright yellow toothpick sticking out of his mouth. As I advanced on the little bastard the sword disappeared into his jowls and he stood, ready to flee.

"Bathbomb! Spit that out, I SAID SPIT THAT OUT!"