I know you aren't going to believe this, but my story could someday save your life. I'm only just able to type again after two weeks, so I apologize if this is too late for some of you. So, anyway the challenges I've faced have been extreme. Honestly, I still wasn't sure I understood how to control my body after days of practice. The worst part really was the shit.

Have you ever eaten your own shit? I don't care if it looks like a thread, I still know it was my own shit and it still tasted like shit. Well there it was day after day and when I was hungry I really didn't know what else to do other than suck it into my mouth with the rest of the food. Sure I spit it right out, but many times it would just land right on top of another piece.

The kids poking their fingers at me was infuriating. You probably don't even think it is visible, but I could see it and I'll tell you that if I had sharp teeth I would have loved to sink them into one of those awful kids poking at me!

On the bright side, filling your mouth with little pebbles isn't as bad as you would think.

Oh, and getting into the shade was huge! That first morning stuck out in the sun with the tank heating up almost killed me. I really felt like I was running out of oxygen in there. Most people don't realize that a cold tank holds much more Oxygen than a hot tank.

Shit, I forgot to tell you what happened. Ok, so anyway I walk outside and the kid next door is standing out in the yard as usual in his stupid Harry Potter outfit getting ready for his pretend Hogwart's classes when he sees me. Just then I notice that my car has turned into a huge tank. I'm like ok my car is magical but this is weird. So, little Potter over there is waving his wand at me and I can hear some magic words something like "wingardum leverosa" and I start floating up in the air. "Ha ha, real funny kid, now put me down!" I shout but instead he says some other fucking magic words and BOOM I turn into a fucking fish just as I fall into the huge tank that used to be my car.