
This is, as always, going to be my impressions jotted down before I forget, I always forget. 

You get home from a hard day's work, throw your coat on the ground, pour a hefty glass of wine and there's a plague of locusts in the the basement. Well, it's not exactly a plague...maybe an outbreak?...a rash? yes, there's a rash of locusts downstairs. My kids, Janine, Victoria, Laura and Beth are, well, not what they seem. "Vic", I yell, "Get rid of your damn locusts" and I grab my pad and pen.

The agency, which arranged the adoption of the four girls some five years ago seems to have, well, it's as though it never existed. I think back to that day. Actually I don't, as I can't remember it at all, I have a note from back then. Please excuse my writing then, it's post-impressions from a vasline-smeared brain. I don't even believe it, but I keep finding these notes. I know I'm making one now. I won't remember writing it tomorrow. Here's the first one.

"The man, Daniel? is thin, of swarthy complexion and wearing a suit that seems to be too big for him. Exquisitely tailored, but the shoulders have lumps and the back conceals a bulge of what you take to be perhaps a hunched spine? As he moves, the suit seems to hesitate, and then follow.

The room is strikingly tall, indeed in one corner, the coving appears to stretch up like the peak of a soft serve ice-cream to a point where, well, there isn't a point, the ceiling soars away into blackness. It seems the room and its content have been extruded down from an infinite height and only assumed room-like proportions on encountering the solid earth. The decor is stark, tannin-brown timber panels, burnished gold picture frames and high-winged chairs that appear to have been designed by someone who has had a chair described to them, but has never sat in one. There's a patina of dust, but it sparkles softly in the light. The man is gently spoken, pursuasive, a kitten purr voice that seems hypnotic, the details vague. The girls come in, they are indeed, angelic, two are twins, the other two eldest and youngest. They all open their mouths at the same time and make a harmonic noise so exquisite that any doubts we had are"

That's where the note ends. You see what I'm dealing with? If I didn't have four beautiful daughters, I might suspect that I'd gone a little unusual. A room that looked like the impossible house at the carnival? four kids who didn't talk but made "Mrrrwwwwwah" chordal sounds? A man who seemed deeply uncomfortable in clothes? The inability to remember exactly where all this had taken place...This is why I have to write stuff down. I'm writing now, I am, so help me I'm writing about writing now, that's how little I trust my memories.

"Janine, you are a total BITCH!". 

It's kicking off and things will get ugly. In the corner of the room, I can see Vic, tall, blonde and pale but, blink and it's hard to describe without sounding insane, currently a lizard-thing at the same time, a nightmare of boiled and pustulent skin, with a tongue longer than itself effortlessly picking insects out of the air. As each locust is whipped toward the lizard mouth at terrible speed, blink, my eyes register Vic again, just in time to see her human lips close over the morsel. She catches my eye and smiles "Hey dad! They are off again!", carelessly licking a piece of carapace from her cheek with a tongue far more in proportion. Blink, and the lizard-creature, oozing scales, spikes, dead shark eyes and that dreadful tongue is back. Black clouds of foetid breath leak out and there are flies feasting on the decay. I feel hot and cold and sick. Blink.

It seems Janine and Laura are fighting over something. It's probably a boy again. I hate it when they fight. Like Vic, it's as though I can sometimes see some underlying thing, that's bigger than you or me, or any of us, too big to grasp. They aren't human, they are concepts, thoughts and they've been honed over the aeons. Blink. concept, blink, teenager. Blink. I see Laura, strong and beautiful, wither and dry, black bug eyes and chicken-jerky skin draping over ancient bones. Blink, she's back and she's angry. Getting bigger. She's a warrior, armored with angled obsidian which eats light. The armor has spines upon which impossible things are impaled alive, wriggling and writhing. Her narrowed eyes are red-dwarf fire and palpable rage burns through the room. I'm very, very afraid of her. 

Blink. I'm in a desert and the room at the same time, mirages overlaying each other. From Laura's eyes, hordes of soldiers, knights, tanks, aircraft are hurling themselves across this canvas in swirls of dust, like a movie playing in the air above the settee, but the noise is real and deafening, the figures life-sized yet film-small, blasting out from her with atomic bomb violence. blurred through this is Victoria, girlish and laughing.

The hoards are targeting Janine with malice, and they get some good hits. I hate it when these two get angry. I can take the lizard-Vic, though just seeing her makes me feverish but Janine blinks into a huge, corpulent mattress of a woman, impossibly bulging features, greasy, stretched skin, radiating heat and drool and appetite. Appetite for everything and anything. Ignoring the welts that appear from the amassed armies she opens a toothless cavern of a mouth and inhales. The armies stutter and wither, the thrusting, rushing forward motion becoming the falling sway of dead, dessicated leaves whirling with the inward rushing air. Laura, behind the armies but looking directly into the, it's not a mouth any more, it's a black hole, consuming everything, inescapable, and begins to shrivel again. I can't look away, I try to protest, but all I can think about is how achingly hungry I am. Beth, the eldest and most sensible, stands up and gestures.  The maw closes instantly, the mirage army disappears, Laura instantly fills out. 

Blink. We are five again. There's tension in the room. It's both the heat of hormones and something very ancient. It occurs to me at that point that Beth can always put things right with a word or even a wave of her hand, and she doesn't transform into anything. I wonder why not? The girls laugh and I laugh and I write. I write frantically.

I forget the details, even right now, I'm reading this with a sense of incredulity. "What's for dinner, dad?" asks Janine. They are all beams and smiles and legs like every teenage girl.

Postscript

My notes grew over the next few years, then they mostly stopped and I hardly ever blink these days. You'd be proud of my girls, they grew into strong, independent women. They travel a lot, sometimes alone, usually in pairs. Beth often meets them. They've been everywhere. They always go to the darkest, most troubled places on earth but I don't worry about them. 

Time passes. I'm really old. The world turns without needing me any more. I'm back in the room. The warped corner is very visible now, it's hard to see the ceiling, in fact the tops of the walls are endlessly falling upward into a whipped spiral that merges them with galaxies, the girls are here. Daniel is here, his body is light, I see the wings, I can't look at him. He's too ...pure... Three girls are smiling and crying, a harmonic choir, the perfect chord. Beth, my elder? my eldest? is looking at directly at me. Blink. I see her true face and I rise and rise to the stars.


