"Anna?! ANNA!" I jolted up, drenched in sweat and my senses heightened. 

Books of ancient languages and weirdly drawn scriptures surrounded me. I picked one up and dusted the dust off, revealing a language that was alien to my weary mind. The dark surroundings of a once lovely home engulfed me. I picked myself up and staggered towards the altar, where the beautiful picture of a woman which I have no memory of stared back.

Suddenly my body begun convulsing and I fell to the floor, unable to move at the intense pain in my head. 

"Mitchell.. Mitchell.." as the voice softly called out, like a soothing lullaby. The face that accompanied it was equally as beautiful, with hazel eyes, freckled skin, light brown hair and a smile that could captivate anyone. She looked at me with eyes that sparkled with love and in that moment, all the pain was gone. In that moment I felt alive. However, at the corner of my eye, a black shadow was rapidly approaching, too fast to stop, too menacing to comprehend. She still had her back towards it and I all could do was scream her name. "ANNA!" 

In that instant I woke up, remembering the last bit of memories for the woman I have so dearly loved.

"You're awake... It's been a year though.. I take it that you've called me for a deal?" a gentle voice said as I stood up and came face to face with an impeccably dressed gentleman.

"Who are you?" I stuttered. 

"Me? I am the buyer and it was you who called for me. Something about needing that last bit of magic to complete the spell" he shrugged as he smoked his cigar.

"I need to get back wife back" I managed to blurt out before another round of intense pain attacked my head.

"You do know that this is your last bit of memory right? After that you'll not remember anything and you'll be like a new man, an empty vessel, void of identity and memories." he looked at me skeptically. 

"Do it.. DO IT" I screamed with my head in my hands as I finally blackout from the pain. 

"Mitchell... Mitchell!" I jolted up, this time with the warm sun hitting my face. 

"Mitchell, you alright? Jeez, if you're that tired you should rest and not insist on fetching me, silly" as I turned to face the gentle, soothing voice. 

"Anna? ANNA?!" I shouted and embraced her. "Oh my god, it really is you!"

"Hey! Hahaha, did you missed me that much? I've only been gone for a week! Let's go home Mich, we've got a whole day together" She laughed as I pulled away from her embrace. 

I pull out of the airport car-park and as I turned to look at her all I saw was the woman I've come to love, beautiful, with hazel eyes, freckled skin, light brown hair and a smile that could captivate anyone. 

What I didn't see was the black shadow that was approaching us. So fast, so menacing. Only that it wasn't a shadow at all, it was a black pickup truck...