He pushed open the wooden double doors and stepped into the great hall. The doors slammed behind him, unbidden. The ceiling stretched up several stories, and the large windows let in long beams of sunlight. The dust particles swirled in the rays, falling all around him, barely perceptible. The vaunted ceiling met in a peak, and conveyed an almost beatific sense of grandeur; that numinous other-worldliness of cathedrals.

‘Your name, please?’ called a voice from across the great hall. It was a deep, booming voice was a peculiar cadence. It was old, and conveyed a sense of power and control. It was, however, of such a distance that he could barely see its owner. ‘Yes, young man; I’m talking to you. Your name, please?’ He squinted into the distance, and could make out a human-shape sat behind a desk. He took a step into the room. ‘Stop!’ the voice called with some urgency. ‘I did not say “step this way young man”, did I? No, I did not. What is your name?’

‘Tim,’ he shouted back. The empty chamber magnified his voice, which echoed about the chamber.

‘Tim?’ the voice called back.

‘Yes, sir. Tim, sir.’

‘*Just* Tim?’

‘Just Tim, sir,’ Tim offered, subdued.

‘Not “Tim the Defiler”? “Tim the Slaughterer of Many”? “Tim the Unconquered Conqueror, Bloodletter of a Thousand Civilizations, Devourer of Dreams and Deacon of Dismay”?

Tim hesitated. ‘No, sir. Just Tim.’

‘Good,’ the distant voice declared. ‘I find the best way to determine the heroes from the villains is to simply ask their names. A villain will always reveal themselves when asked. Their ego gets in the way, you see. And I do say, there never was such a villain as “Tim”. And I dare say there never will be.’

Tim was unsure how to take this assessment of his character. He didn’t think he was a villain, but he would be lying if he said he’d never thought about it. As a slight and slender boy, Tim was often the victim of the local boys’ ‘rough-housing’, as his father called it. In truth, he had envisioned grim and ghastly torments for these boys in his quieter moments.

‘You may approach,’ shouted the voice. Tim covered the distance between them swiftly, eager to get a closer look at the voice’s source. Behind the desk sat an old man with short white hair and a rather large nose. In the middle of his desk sat a sizeable red button. ‘Now, my little friend. I assume you are here to do business? This, is the Hall of Heroes. A legendary station for armaments and weaponry for time immemorial, and I... am its curator. It was here before me, and it will certainly be here after you.’ The old man pushed the button on his desk, and the walls of the hall began to move inwards. With the sound of many grinding gears and clockwork mechanisms the walls came away completely, and then descended into the ground. This revealed small alcoves, in which sat glass display cases. ‘The world has been shaped by many; but, admittedly, few such as… well, you. You’re not the classic hero-type, Tim. All the same – you are here, so let’s get on with this, hey?’

The curator stood from his chair slowly, and with great effort. He took Tim by the shoulder and led him to the first of the display cases. Inside was a small, black triangle that glowed red when they approached. The curator frowned. ‘You are QUITE sure that you’re a hero, aren’t you Tim?’

‘I-I think so, yes, sir.’

The curator steered him away from the mysterious triangle, frowning all the while. He led him to the second display case. Inside was a slender, metallic tube with buttons.

‘What’s this one, sir?’ Tim asked. 

‘This, my little friend, is an elegant weapon from a more civilized time. But you, I think…’ the curator looked him up and down. ‘No, not for you.’ He moved him past a large hammer with an inscription, past what appeared to be a glowing golden hand grenade, before finally settling in front of a thick stick of wood. ‘Perhaps… but I mean, why not?’ the curator muttered, seemingly to himself. He opened the display case and pulled it out, handing the stick to Tim. ‘After all, it is said that the wand chooses the…’ Tim waved the stick around, but nothing happened. ‘No, perhaps not.’ The curator took the stick from Tim, and returned it to its plush red cushion inside its display case.

This continued for many hours. Tim was becoming quite exhausted, but the curator was relentless. He seemed thrilled at the difficulty of finding a match. ‘At last,’ he declared, ‘a challenge.’ Past ‘Tammerlein’ the dreaded blade of the Orc Garug gro-Malak, a firm rejection from the greatsword of the hero Cúchulain, and an outright dismissal from the legendary Excalibur. 

‘Perhaps I’m not a hero after all?’ ventured Tim.

‘Nonsense,’ said the curator. ‘I’ve never failed yet.’

*Or perhaps he’s wrong?* spoke another voice. It was somewhat high and whispery, and seemed to be coming from nowhere in particular.

‘What was that?’ asked Tim.

‘I didn’t say anything,’ said the curator idly, distracted by the demands of his position. 

*He cannot hear me, Tim. Only you.* 

The voice seemed to slither around inside of Tim’s skull, prying into his mind and unearthing those deep, dark thoughts – those thoughts of vengeance; those memories of pain and suffering; that unacknowledged desire to instil that pain in others…

*Only through me can you find salvation, Tim. Only I can grant you want you seek.* Tim felt a tugging in the back of his mind, pulling him around to face a display case he hadn’t noticed before. It was covered in dust, obscuring its contents. Tim wiped the dust away, and looked upon a long, dark shape. He believed it to be a mace but wasn’t certain. He could easily identify the handle, but the rest of it took-off in a jagged, black mess. *You see, Tim: you made a fundamental mistake.* He popped the clasp on the case, and took up the weapon. *You were never going to be a hero. You were never going to be a saviour. But – you can be… more.*

‘What do you want from me?’ Tim asked.

‘What?’ the curator said. He turned to look at Tim and saw the mace in his hand. ‘What did you…? No, that one’s not…’ He moved towards Tim and reached for the mace. Time seemed to slow.

*All that you want, I can give it to you.* The voice showed Tim visions. It showed him cities burning and children crying. It showed him the boys who had abused him beaten and bloody, his vengeance exacted and his triumph undeniable. It showed him a future in which he mattered. A future in which he was not meek and mild ‘Tim’ from the village. *I can make you all that you can be. But only... if you do something for me.*

‘Anything,’ Tim said.

*My magics are… particular. I require a blood sacrifice.*

Tim turned to face the curator, slowed to a fraction of his normal speed, and raised the mace above his head.
