"Well this is awkward." 

"What is?" The prostitute lying next to me replied. She rolled over and propped herself up on one bruised elbow. In the cold, morning light she looked worse than she had bathed in the sick, drunken neon of the night before. 

"I'm pretty sure I should be dead," I replied. 

I'd picked her up the night before at a shitty bar in the shitty end of town. For the evening, she'd cost me all I had left minus a bottle of tequila, and for the rest of the evening we were partners in petty crime. 

We threw bricks through my ex-wife's, boryfriend's car windscreen. Taken a drunken walk to the tax office and pissed up against their window. Sung loudly into the dreary night and screamed the names of the people we hated into an open drain. I didn't know hers and I thought there was a kind of poetry in that anonymity. We'd made a connection without that first, fundemental part. We didn't have any type of heart warming, rom-com bullshit moment where we realised the sum of our life choices. We just had a good time and that was good enough. 

She swung her legs over the edge of the bed and reached down for her bag. She got her medication out and popped today's pills. 

"Hey," I said. "Did you give me one of those last night?" 

She turned and shot me a derisory look. "No, why would I do that?" 

I consider opening up to her, telling her that the sickness should have started. That the virus should be boiling my blood already, but somehow it isn't. I feel fine. Better than, and that made me nervous. 

She shrugged on her bra and went about getting dressed. Somehow, with her professional hours up, she became shy, and that kindled some type of want in me that hadn't been there the previous night. 

There were patches of my memory that had been chemically dissolved by the drink and I couldn't help thinking that it was somehow connected. That somehow I had discovered the cure to the virus. 

I had a number of pressing problems to deal with first though. I was utterly broke, horrendously hungover, I couldn't find my underwear, and the prostitute had just discovered the body of my ex-wife in my wardrobe. 



