"Stop, you!" the man yelled, pointing in a direction devoid of people. "You stupid little man, you couldn't hit a barn if your nose was to it!"

Walking up to him, I held up my hands in a non-threatening manner. I stepped slow, giving him time to adjust to me being in his personal space. When I grabbed his arm to get his attention, he collapsed like a rag doll.

"You need to stop them" he muttered, pain creasing his face. "You can only see them with these." Removing his glasses, he forced them into my hand, then into my pocket when I didn't move to put them on.

I held him, screaming at the people streaming by to call an ambulence. I checked his pulse, felt his heart, and both were rapidly becoming fainter, even if I couldn't see why. I kept my hands on him, trying to offer whatever shreads of comfort I could from my contact. Finally realizing that nobody would call if I didn't, I pulled the man in close with one hand, cradling him, while calling emergency services with my other hand.

By the time the ambulence arrived, his heart had completely stopped. Jumping in the back, I held the mans hand while they tried everything to bring back the poor man. With each failed attempt, my heart sank further and further.

In the waiting room, I sat and watched the clock, hoping for any sort of news. A particularly nice nurse brought me a cup of coffee, sat with me, and waited while the doctors took their time.

Finally, a doctor came in and simply stated, "He's gone." with a weak frown, as though he wanted to seem sad but couldn't care about a dirty, smelly, old homeless man.

I stood up on shaky legs, requesting a ride home and not even noticing the fare. On the way home, I replayed each second and digested every choice I made, so lost in my thoughts that I didn't hear the driver stop, or inform me we were stopped, until he shook me.

As soon as I got inside, I headed to the shower. Once in, I rinsed the street grime, and the mans own grime, off of me, grabbing the glasses on a whim. Washing them carefully to remove his oils or any dirt, I set them outside the shower to air dry.

When I had dressed, this time in sweats and a tanktop instead of my work clothes, I headed back in to the bathroom, intending to grab my clothes to get them dry cleaned, when the glasses caught my eye.

Folding the clothes over my arm, I straightened, grabbing the clunky, cheap feeling black frames and slipped them on.

Within seconds, I was on the floor, disorientated by how things looked. It wasn't just that they were magnified or changed how prescriptions in glasses do, but everything was different.

Everything.

Standing in my shower, which was moving, was a man with no face. Swinging the curtain was a baby with eight legs more similar to tentacles. Another tentacle baby was crawling up the wall, mouth open in a mute cry. On the toilet, a woman with dagger-long nails sat, scratching her skin off in ribbons. Blood ran diagonally down the mirror, falling into the sink which seemed to be sliding out of place then back in somehow. Lifting them onto the top of my head, I looked around.

My sink was fine, mirror still fogged, and nobody, faceless man or otherwise, were in my shower.

My hand traveled up to the glasses, and I got to the doorway of the bathroom before flipping them back down.

Similar terrifying visages of people, or not quite people, littered the room, walls twisting and turning as though my building were made of rubber. One of the couches lifted and fell repeatedly, and a baby with no head, on a rotisserie, cooked in the seeming lit fireplace. When I lifted the glasses again, the fire, baby, people, creatures, weird things... all of them disappeared like nothing had ever happened.

In the kitchen, I found body parts and blood scattered throughout, a severed set of fingers on the birthday cake instead of the 5 candles that had remained when I put it away.

In my garage, hanging from the ceiling were more of these creatures, held in place upside down by little more than force of will, from what I could see. When I got to my bedroom, I just sat aside the glasses, clothes dropped in a heap, and slept. Things were just too strange to explain, and the strange beings combined with the physics twisting zapped any traces of energy I had left over.

When I awoke, my alarm blaring, I popped on the glasses. Sure, I was unfamiliar with this strange experience, but it felt like it had been so important to the man, so I continued with it.

I wish I hadn't.

Now, every time I put them on, I see him, and me. It used to be far, like 10 yards away, visible through a window or something. Then more people came, people wearing the same style of glasses. The ones he wears. The ones I wear.

I lost my job because I was so focused on figuring this out.

My landlady kicked me out when I couldn't pay, and sold all my stuff to pay off the back rent.

That's fine, though. I still have the glasses, so I can protect myself.

That's why I yell at people you don't see, because you just don't see. Your eyes can't let you see what's right in front of you.

If you saw, you'd be pooping in your pants like you're a little bitty baby wearing a diaper and sucking on a pacifier.

That's why I'm here, though. I know that the guy, that one that's me but isn't me, wants me dead. He's been getting closer when I don't look, like a weeping angel.

He thinks I don't see him, but I do. I know he's coming, but I'm gonna bring the fight to him.

I don't care if he has a gun.

You hear that? I. Don't. CARE!

He's closer now, only on the other side of the street. See him? Well, no, you can't see him. You don't have the special glasses, of course. Silly me.

He's aiming the gun at me now, but I know he won't kill me. He can't interact with people who don't have the glasses. He'd just go right through them, like a ghostie.

Oh, no. I think he shot me. Things are going red, and I'm leaking the red.

Someone, anyone!

ANYONE!

Here, take these. I need you to.... get him. For me.

Put them... on. Otherwise... you can't see... him.

Please.