At the end of the day, I suppose it doesn't really matter what your intentions were, but what you've done. Most people would have described me as someone that wasn't particularly ambitious, although smart enough. And that *was* true, I was no go-getter, not like my brother Thaddeus. I'm fairly certain that he- and honestly everyone that has ever known me is quite disappointed in my career choice. I mean, they can't say that I haven't done something with my life. 


Anyways, the reason as to *why* I've gone and become not just a dark lord, but the Dark Lord? It was for love. Odd motivation, I'm sure, but I am being honest.


How? Well, I just happened to fall in love with the most beautiful girl in the world. Our first meeting was rather ordinary, I accidently bumped into Her during a way in the park on a cool spring day. I have never met someone so lively, so *radiant*, in my life. While I've always thought that love-at-first-sight was a bit cheap and dumb, I was absolutely smitten, totally besotted. Completely Obsessed.


And I hadn't even spoken to Her!


Thankfully, we did cross paths not long after, and without making much more of a fool of myself. We didn't speak for too long, we both had other places to go, but I let myself be late just to escort her to her destination. Not that Morgana ever needed it, to say that she was more formidable than most was a grave understatement.


That's her name by the way. And god, what a woman she is. Absolute perfection, at least to me. Everyone around me told just kept on telling me that she was trouble. Long brown hair (like dead trees, they said), pale skin (like a bleached skull), full lips (red as blood), and wide green eyes like nothing I've seen before (green like sickening, violent night storm). If I were to compare her to a season, she would be autumn. They kept telling me, "don't trust her, open your eyes!" and "are you mad, you'd have to be mad to be involved with her!", not to forget "she's clearly Dark, you egg, you poor fool."


And to be honest, I couldn't, I simply *could not* care less what they thought. If its madness, foolishness to fall in love with Her, to still love Her, then very well. If being in love with Her, even when we first met was and is blind, then I would claw my own eyes out for Her. And of course, people did find me blind and mad and foolish, not to mention bewitched with my love for Her. Although in fairness, what I had felt for Her, still feel for Her is more intense than anything that I had ever felt. Not to say that I was the cold, unfeeling sort, but this feeling, this love... It was just *more*. In a sense, it was like that very feeling overrode my mind, I was addicted to Her. And they *were* right, she was indeed Dark. But by then I didn't care. 


As it turns out, Morgana is a necromancer, from a long, long line of necromancers. So yes, everyone's fears were founded and correct.


Oh well.


Anyhow, how I fully got started on this path was when I asked Morgana's father for Her hand in marriage. I had never met Her father before then, and I never really knew him that well in general. Thankfully, it wasn't as though she was promised to another, but that there was just one caveat. You see, I was not a necromancer, or even a Dark wizard at all, and as per Her family's rules, only necromancers could marry into the family. And beyond that, as the firstborn and only daughter, she was only allowed to have a spouse that could match or best the family patriarch, that being her father, in the Dark Arts. And while I wasn't too keen on learning such magic, I would do *anything* for Morgana.


She was a very good teacher, considering that my specialities lay in magizoology, and necromancy being a fairly far cry from that. Eventually, I wanted to impress Her and show her that I could stand on my own in this and begun to experiment by myself. I suppose my point of my return was killing a unicorn and bringing it back to life, which was the first being that I killed. Pretty extreme, but I was quite curious as to what would happen. I was so happy with my success that in my elation, I wound up killing my not yet father-in-law. He of course did come back, but it showed that I was worthy of marrying Morgana, so it all worked out.


Alright, so that didn't quite explain why I became the Dark Lord now does it? In the end, it just kind of happened. A dull answer? Well, let me explain. I didn't up and decide that I would be a globe-conquering dark lord one day. It was just the little things. A rare ritual or so in Egypt, a house in New Zealand, a few dead law officials here and there. Then it became human sacrifices for eternal youth in Peru, help for the house in New Zealand, slaughtering those officials friends and families to insure that no one would come for revenge.


And you ask why I did it all? It was all for Morgana. And as I've already stated; I would do *anything* for her. 


And sorry, but I don't particularly care how that impacts others. She's so alive, she makes me feel so *alive*.


And I don't care all that much if you're not alive because of it.


Not if it benefits Her.