FOR centuries, my people have lived under the rule of The Watchers. Cold, harsh, and
cruel, the tenure of my people under The Watchers is matched only by its equally unforgiving 
landscape. Every night, our peolple freeze in their spherical shelters, huddled in Bjak skins and 
drinking Enkwah milk to stay warm. For as long as our people have remembered, there has been a
dark storm that rages endlessly. Nothing but the harshest of trees and animals survive in our world. 
The mighty Baeer tree, the most common of foliage in the area, supports no life and exists only as a 
wall, to help thin out the blankets of snow that pours down every night. Beyond the Baeer forests 
my people hide behind, there are miles and miles of snow, filled with creatures worthy of both awe
and terror. The relentless wind is strong enough to steal a small child away, as if the Great Beyond
had taken it itself. Some say the storm is fueled by the magic and the malice of Witch King, he who
rules The Watchers. Together, they drive the people forward,  and keep them within the confines
confines of their magic, under the context of their own survival and protection. It is unfortunate but
there is no denying that we rely on them.
	"It wasn't always like this" my grandfather used to tell me. His grandfather, my great-great-
grandfather, fought in the Great War many many years ago. A rebellion, consisting of the bravest and 
mightiest of men from our village, somehow managed to disrupt the veil of magic cast by The 
Watchers and attempted to storm the Mighty Council itself! 
	"I was but a young boy when the veil fell, and in those brief moments, I looked to the sky 
and saw a sliver of light, strong and unyielding, stretching beyondthe horizon. My eyes had never 
seen something so sweet, so bright, so breathtaking."
	He paused, for a second, and looked deep into the burning Baeer branches in the fire, as
if trying to squeeze out that fleeting moment of light he saw many years ago. "It was beyond beautiful.
It was hopeful."
	"When The Watchers regained control and imprisoned the rebellion, they spun their veil 
of magic, darker and stronger than ever. The light, alas, disappeared from the sky, banished by the 
weave of deciet that was The Watchers' magic. But I will always remember that faint glimmer of hope."
	My curiosity about this light was stronger than ever, and one night I decided to escape 
the veil of magic and see what lay ahead in the Great Beyond. I packed some supplies and foolishly
walked out past the  edge of the Baeer forest. No one saw me or knew what would become of me.
	I took a step out of the forest and was immediately greeted by cold, cold like I've never 
experienced before that reached and rooted deep into my soul. I took another step forward, and I
was greeted with pain, that which weakened my muscles and stiffened my joints. Was this the magic 
of The Watchers?
	I took another few steps out into the snow, and suddenly, a great gust of wind swept me
off my feet and carried me into the storm. I was tossed, turned, and battered by hail and wind until I
finally landed, cold and broken, into the snow.
	I couldn't move. My body seemed to had lost it's strength, and my frozen face and 
extremeties felt like they were about to fall off. I looked for my pack but realized it had blown off
in the storm. I was alone, without supplies, shelter, or any means to survive. I lay, half frozen in the
ground, waiting for the snow to consume me. My body was steadily becoming numb. I wondered if
there were others before me who had died trying to escape the veil of The Watchers. I wondered if
anyone had noticed I was gone. I wondered how long it would take for me to be forgotten. After all, 
death is a familiar acquaintance in our village. 
	Soon, I could feel nothing. The dark despair that had wrenched my soul had come and 
passed. I had finally come to terms with my death. I waited and waited for ages it seemed, long
visions of black and emptiness, I had thought even death had forgotten about me. After what seemed
like an eternity I finally regained some type of conscious of my senses. I was still cold, but it felt 
somehow different from before. The cold continued and I slowly became more aware of my body, 
although I still could not move. Days passed and I was not sure if I was dead or alive. 
	Suddenly, a dark force had gripped my mind and my body, and I started shaking inside.
I was suddenly aware that I could not breathe, and my body was in a state of panic. I realized that I 
was not dead, but about to be. Slowly I felt my mind slipping out of cosciousness again, and this 
time, there would be no reawakening. But I was wrong again. I felt a soft pair of hands groping my 
shoulder, my hair, my face. I hear a desperate cry and frantic hands pulling at my arms, and my body
slipped out of consciousness yet again. When I awoke, I was blind. My body was on fire, and all I
could hear were soft murmurs of a language I could not decipher. I slowly fell back into a sleep, and
when I woke up, I couldnt believe my eyes. I could see light.