**How do you do? I've just about finished gathering the page in this area. It took forever to find. Would you like to take a look? It's a delightful page this time, truly.** 

**Careful now, don't lose it.**

~

Henderson didn't know why he bothered with this job. Well, no, he did. The money. So much money. Yet despite that, he was bored. He leaned back in his chair, eyes looking out the window in front of him. Not that he had much choice. The way the room was situated; chairs bolted facing towards the window, the walls completely smooth and white, even the way the room seemed almost slightly tipped so that it seemed like you were looking down, was all meant to keep your eyes trained on the window. Or more aptly, what was passed the window. The ocean. The bay window was big enough that if you were looking at it, you could see the ocean sprawling out in front of you.

A few feet away from him sat the new guy, whose head seemed to be having difficulty staying upright. He kept nodding off. He was youth who looked young enough to still be in high school. Henderson didn't know his name. Mike? Mack? It didn't matter, he wouldn't last. As far as Henderson knew he was the oldest, and longest running, applicant. Which explains why the money was so good.

Like most people, when Farkus Henderson saw the ad in the paper he dismissed it as a joke. But a joke that was still offering 2000$. He went on ignoring the joke until his new car was hit by a drunk driver from behind, leaving his car an undrivable mess. And so hesitantly, expecting a catch, desperate but trying not to look it, Henderson arrived at the address listed in the ad. A beach-side office building from the looks of it. The secretary inside had pointed him to the elevator before he even said anything.

He wondered briefly what floor he was supposed to go to until he realized the elevator only had 2 floors. 1st and 20th. 

The man sitting behind the desk was so bland and so corporate that even to this day, Henderson still can't recall his appearance or even his name. The door behind the man stood out more then he did. The suited man had Henderson sit and fill out an application containing strange questions. 

"How many times a day do you blink?"
"What are your thoughts on water?"
"Why aren't you afraid of heights?"

The man took the application and without even looking at it, dropped it into a paper shredder and stood. Henderson, grumpy at the waste of test, stood as well, and the man gestured towards the door behind him.

"This will be your work space." He said in a droll, monotoned voice, opening the door to show Henderson the room he would spend the majority of his time in. There was a man in there already, an older gentlemen named Flannagan.

Henderson look at the suit and opened his mouth to ask what his work is, but  the man beat him to the punch, "You will remain here for the next 8 hours. Please have one of you watching the ocean outside at all times. DO NOT let the ocean remain unwatched. You will be observed," He gestured to one of the cameras, "If you remain diligent you will be paid at the end of the day. If you come back, we will raise the price by 1000$. Good luck."

And he was gone. Henderson never saw the man in the suit again, despite his many return visits. As Henderson sat looking out the window next to the nameless rookie and contemplated. He was rich enough now that he didn't really even need to keep working here, and he was so bored.

"Hey kid." Henderson said quietly and the kid dozing off next to him popped awake, looking straight out the window.

"What?!" The kid asked, "Is it my turn to watch already?"

Henderson glanced up at the camera in the corner of the room, "What do you say we both turn around, right now?"

"No way man, I'm not throwing away 2 grand!" 

Henderson hefted his briefcase onto his lap and opened it with a click. The kid tried ignoring Henderson while he shuffled around in the case. Finally he closed it with a snap and threw something on the ground in front of the kid.

"Wh-what is it?" The boy asked nervously, his eyes still obediently on the window.

"Ten-thousand crisp bills, my boy. They are yours if you stand up and turn around with me right now." Henderson smirked, standing up and facing his back to the window. It looked weird to be staring at this side of the room. Weird. Wrong. Henderson shrugged to himself and nodded to the boy.

He stayed staring at the window for a few more moments, but ultimately the draw of the money at his feet was too much. He looked down at the cash and fell to his knees, quickly collecting it, tearing his eyes from the window. After all, *someone* has to be looking at the ocean right now, right?

Wrong. The stars aligned as the boy looked away from the water and all hell broke loose. Literally.

When the boy, Micah, woke up, he was still on the 20th floor of the office building, or what was left of it. After all, the 20th floor of the building lay nestled in the sand of the beach, the office building having fallen. Broken glass cut Micah as he stood up. He extracted himself from the ruins of the building and walked outside to the beach, where lightning ripped across a rainless sky. The ocean was a whirpool of crimson water, an epic thing that almost defied description. The city was in ruins. With a jolt, Micah realized that Henderson was standing next to him. 

"Henderson! What happened?!" Micah cried and Henderson turned to look at him with red eyes that glowed dimly. He gave a yelp and fell to his backside in the sand as the thing standing in front of him smiled.

"You released me."