######[](#dropcap)

"No way." Ethan snorted and looked at her. When he saw her look of complete and utter confusion, his brow furrowed. "Wait, you really thought you made that shit up yourself?" 

"Um..." Celeste didn't know how to respond. Did she tell the truth and risk coming across as an egotistical maniac? 

"Wait, you seriously don't know." Ethan took a step forward, and she instinctively stepped back, bumping into the row of lockers behind her. His forest green eyes narrowed as he folded his arms over his chest. "Interesting." 

"What don't I know?" Celeste asked, her gaze darting everywhere. This was getting weird. Really weird. Her breaths came more rapidly. 

Ethan gazed at her for a moment before snorting again. "John's gonna love this one." Then without giving her time to respond, with strength that belied his frame, he simply picked her up and slung her over his shoulder. 

"Hey!" Celeste objected, struggling. "Where are you taking me?" She wrinkled her nose at the jean-clad bottom that was currently swaying before her and tried not to puke up her breakfast from being upside down as he walked down the stairs. Luckily, it was class time, so no one was in the hallways to witness the terrible ordeal. She felt like a salt shaker. 

"Somewhere good," he said. 

&nbsp;

*** 

&nbsp;

Celeste sputtered in outrage when she was dumped unceremoniously on the grass. She jumped to her feet and was about to chew Ethan out when the three people standing in front of them caught her eye. They were also in the popular crowd. Jeremy, Elli, and a black haired boy who's name she couldn't quite remember. 

Jeremy, the stereotypical jock with blonde hair and leader of the football team, jerked his head in her direction. "That her?" 

"That is indeed." Ethan nodded and slightly ruffled his bangs aside, then went to stand with them. Jeremy looked her up and down, a look of doubt on his face.

And at that moment, sitting on the ground with her butt wet with morning dew, Celeste felt quite small indeed. "Is this...money?" Her words tripped over one another. 

Elli, the only girl in the group, tilted her head back and laughed, the light blue streak of highlight in her brown hair glinting in rays of the midmorning sun. "We're not after your money," she said, her voice full of mirth. She walked forward towards Celeste, nudging Jeremy aside with her hip. "Although if you're willing to part with it, I wouldn't say no." She extended a hand toward Celeste. Celeste took it and got to her feet, wiping her cold, damp hands on her jeans. 

"Welcome to the club," Elli said. 

"Um..." Had she just joined a cult? Somehow? "Wait, what? Why? How?" 

"Why don't you ask who, when, and where while you're at it?" The black hair boy grumbled from the back. His dark brown eyes flashed. He was clearly losing patience with the whole affair. "Just hurry up and tell her what's up, Ethan," he said. 

Ethan rolled his eyes. "Ever so patient, Nathaniel." He turned toward Celeste. "The language you spoke. It's an ancient one from thousands of years ago." 

"But I made it up entirely," Celeste blurted out. 

Ethan gave her a look. "You probably remembered it subconsciously. Or you were taught it when you were a baby. Doesn't really matter how. But the fact that you know it means your parents were part of the Triumvirate, and so as their heir, it's your obligation now too." 

"The triumvirate?" Celeste repeated.

"A secret association that's responsible for dealing with threats." 

"Threats?" 

She was beginning to sound like a parrot. 

Ethan shrugged. "You know, aliens, time travelers, serial killers, the like." 

"Uhh..." 

"No, you don't have a choice." He smiled, but all Celeste could think about was how sharp his incisors were, like they had been sharpened on purpose, giving him a vampiric grin. "Your training begins tomorrow."

***

More fantasy at r/AlannaWu!