   They said not to trust anyone. When our neighbors came knocking I understand what they meant. Diane’s eyes had always been a crystal blue, I was jealous even, but when I look at her knocking they’re just as muddy of a brown as mine, but blacker. As if her eyes were dilated leaving a thin rim of brown.
   Eleven days ago the sirens had begun to blare, the TV went fuzzy, and the phone lines went dead.  Pops pulled out an old radio, the thing looked ancient, nothing like the stereo system in my room. He started turning the dials and listening for a  signal. I watched as the red bar in the middle slowly moved up between the numbers. Then the message came through blaring.

   “This is the Emergency Alert System. This is not a test. Please listen to the following message. As of 11:39 A.M. Wednesday, April 18, 2018, we ask all residents to remain indoors, please lock and board windows and doors. Do not go outside after sunset and do not allow others in your home. Refrain from using lighted products when dark. Our military is unable to assist. Do not evacuate. Repeat this is an emergency. This is not a test.”

   My grandpa went to the garage and came back with boards, hammers and nails.

   “Liz, gets the doors and windows locked on both floors, then get in the kitchen and start moving the food to the fridge in the basement. When your upstairs get bedding and clothes for us.” He was stern, but calm.

“Pops, what’s happening?”

   He just gave me a look to hurry and I moved towards the stairs.  I moved us downstairs and Pops secured us.
   Through the next few days the town became quiet.  On day four the sirens stopped, on day seven the radio signal stopped. Day eleven Diane knocked, she had muffins in her hand as if she was there to welcome us to the neighborhood. Looking past her our neighbors were outside, the guy across the street was mowing his lawn, next door to him the couple was walking the dog. 
   I fled down the stairs and nearly knock my grandpa over. The radio was back, but playing music, no more emergency warnings.  We went back upstairs and Pops removed a board from the window, all our neighbors were on our porch, muddy, dilated eyes.
