*What have I done?!*

The words echo the chilling aching emptiness I'd been experiencing for approximately the last five minutes. One second I'd been laughing and singing along with "Cheap Thrills" as it blasted my speakers; in the next second, I was interrupted by a short, gruff and hopeless cry, followed by an immediate impact that rocked my car and cracked my windshield. In shock, I didn't slam on brakes right away, so that even now I could almost feel the echoes of cracking bones and faint slipperiness as my Corolla gradually came to a stop. I sat, stunned, scared to look back but scared *not* to. The highway was dark, shielded by trees on both sides...surely my mind had been playing games, that it was a deer and not a--

But when I got out and saw...I barely had time to turn my head before my early dinner splashed onto the hot asphalt, splattering my pink Converses with half digested steak chunks--*that'll teach me to chew my food more thoroughly*\--and slimy spinach.

"What have I done!???" I wail aloud, covering my face with my hands. Tears run down my face as I stand beside my car and cry.

And that's when I feel it, a sharp pain on my right hand, just a quick flare of pain that fades away quickly but is enough to startle me out of my misery. I pull my hands away from my face and look at the red bar on my hand.

*What the--?*

The Tattoo has always been the worst thing to ever happen to me. My classmates had teased me from an early age, calling me names like "Windows," and "T3P" (Tap That To Proceed). I didn't believe Mom when she'd drunkenly swore she hadn't gotten my toddler hand tattooed--*muh boot'ful baby gul? Nevuh*! she'd exclaimed, even as she swatted me away to finish her line of coke--but I now realize she must have been telling the truth.

As my eyes widen in shock, red continues to fill the black outline of my "XP" rectangular birthmark. The color gradient changes as it passes the 50&#37; mark, going from purple to blue in a matter of seconds. Suddenly, it stops. I swipe at the mark furiously with my left hand, only to become more baffled when a hologram appears above the mark.

SPEND XP?

I gingerly press at the words, astounded that it seems almost...solid?

MAKE YOUR MOVE...20....19....18....17....16....15

*My move*? I don't know what's going on, but as I hear a faint wailing in the distance, I shake with burgeoning fear as realization dawns--*I'm a murderer.* There is no time to delve into the details, all I know is that I cannot put my life on hold for this. What if I'm arrested? I would never deliberately harm another person but what guarantee do I have that the police will believe me?

With shaking hands, I scroll blindly down the different colored icons. There is nothing to indicate what is what--

....10....9....8....

\--so I quickly press a dark blue icon. Simultaneously, both my tattoo and my damaged car disappear. In the place of my car is a gorgeous dark blue Corvette, something I've always wanted. I run in stunned silence towards the car, gasping to see that my purse, my bags, *everything* was inside. I jump inside, crank up, and pull off smoothly.

The Tattoo reappears on my hand gradually, the "XP" still stamped at the top of the flesh-toned bar. I do notice one difference however. Below the bar, where before there had been nothing, now inscribed in small writing is:

*Level 2.*