The heart monitor on the ambulance beeped faster and faster. Leslie's heart raced with it, knowing the end was coming. She had seen this before, a thousand times in her work as an EMT, and the thrill never wore off. The end was coming. Which meant SHE was coming.

As if summoned by Leslie's thought, she appeared. A pale young woman, dressed in what may be the Platonic Ideal of the little black dress, wearing a large ankh necklace. Her raven hair stood in stark, alluring contrast to her alabaster skin. Death cocked a half smile at Leslie, "We've got to stop meeting like this, kid."

"I'm not a kid," Leslie pouted. "I'm a grown woman, and if we didn't meet like this, we wouldn't meet at all."

Death chuckled. "When you're as old as me, everyone's a kid. That's not the point, though. You can't spend your life obsessed with me. You'll come to me soon enough. But right now, you could be doing more to help this guy. He might even pull through. But you just sat there and waited. Because you knew I'd come."

Leslie looked away, unable to meet the accusation she could feel in the other woman's deep, seemingly bottomless eyes. "You don't know that. He was probably going to die anyway. It's his third heart attack. Do you know the odds of him making it another week? They aren't good. So what if I let this happen so I can see you? I didn't stuff cheeseburgers down his throat for sixty years." 

"Never quote me the odds." Death muttered. "Sorry, couldn't pass up the opportunity to quote Star Wars. The difference isn't so much when he goes out as how. One week, one year, It's all the same given how short your lives are. But of he lives two more days, maybe his children get to say goodbye. Maybe he holds his wife in his arms one last time. Tells her he loves her. Gets his affairs in order. You're robbing him of that chance. Let him finish his own story, instead of making him a meaningless extra in yours and mine. Trust me, you will have plenty of time to be mine."

Tears welled up in Leslie's eyes. "Do you promise?"

Death nodded. "I'm sure of it."

Turning towards the man, Leslie began to prepare to administer treatment. She looked over, but Death had faded. She felt the pinch of loneliness she felt every time Death left, but at least she knew she wasn't really alone.

Note: Apologies to Neil Gaiman for using Death of the Endless from his Sandman books for this, but I just thought she fit this idea so well.
