Hints of brimstone and ash floated on the dry air; I gagged slightly at the smell of rot before taking the next step. The long-road continued before me, unpaved and untended. Another step, and another. With each step, a cloud of bone-dust and ashen-rot spewed up from the road. The grit covered everything and with one hand, I swatted absently at myself in frustration. I placed my black case down lightly and it jangled quietly as the contents shifted inside. And then…?

Utter Silence.

Grinning like a corpse, I laughed as I looked around. The long-road surrounded me – brimstone and ash and rot in every direction. The last bit of moisture dried from my parched tongue and I sneezed as dust crawled up my nose. I licked lips long-cracked, grimacing slightly at the sting and hint of blood. Sighing, I picked up my black case.

Direction-less, I took another step – always moving forward, slowly making my way nowhere. The horizons blurred along the corners of my eyes, while in front of me the long-road continued. Heat shimmers rose coldly from the ground. Step after rot-filled step.

Welcome to Hell.

I knew. I'd been willing to make one-too-many bad deals. A life of sin had caught up with me. I was dead.  
A hint of a breeze tickled at my upper lip. I sneezed and my black case jangled quietly. And then…?

Utter Silence. 

But only for a moment – as the silence was punctuated by a distant trill – a whistling – a whisper, soft as grave-side prayers. I took another step along the long-road – moving toward the sound. 

A solitary figure – A mirage? – appeared in the distance. A darker grey along the ashen-gray road; a blacker shadow not-quite-hidden among the shadows. The first soul – other than myself – that I had come across in this forsaken land. Step after rot-filled step, I approached.

The figure sat nestled upon a large stone, carved roughly in the shape of a simple high-backed chair. His worn three-piece suit might have seen better days – but an eternity of mistreatment had left permanent wrinkles in most of the wrong places. Ash coated his dark hair and a miasma of rot choked the air nearby. His hands floated lightly in front of his face; clenched in his fingers was a rusty harmonica. He whistled softly, drawing an unnaturally gay tune from the instrument.

I approached his throne cautiously, fearful of drawing attention – but his glazed eyes slid off me without focus. Too long sitting – motionless along the long-road – An eternity to rot within this Hell.

I recognized him.

*Where is your band of demons now?* I wondered aloud. Unsure if he heard me, I almost repeated myself before he spoke, his eyes never seeing me. 

“Haven't you heard, boy? The rules have changed - they're gone. All gone. To heaven. To the shadows. To purgatory. Heaven’s little loophole so I may reign alone.”

The devil breathed softly and the harmonica danced into life; a jaunty-little tune fit to entertain a large crowd and set all feet a-tapping. As the sound drifted into the ashen-filled air, it grew heavy with irony – a soloist-virtuoso playing a solitary tune for a deaf land.

The lonely sound cried out for accompaniment.

When the Devil finished, I said, "Well, you're pretty good ol' son. Sit down in that chair right there and let me show you how it's done." 

I reached down to my black case and cracked open the hinges. With a slight strum, I pulled the shining instrument out from within and I rosined up my bow, preparing to play hard. Without hesitation... 

I started the bow, sawin' on the fiddle and playin' it hot.

A slight tension in the devil’s shoulders was the only sign he heard. My fiddling continued and I rumbled softly into song…

*Fire on the Mountain. Run, boys, RUN!*  
*The Devil’s in the house of the Rising Sun.*

I fiddled for all I was worth – as if my very soul were on the line. And when I finished – breathing hard and sweaty with effort – I approached the Devil’s throne and laid the golden fiddle on the ground at his feet.

“I have no more need of this.”

He glanced up at last, and his eyes found me. Recognition flickered across his face.

"Where have you come from, boy?"

"Georgia."

His mouth creased in chagrin and he sighed in amusement or perhaps resignation. The Devil stood, stretching luxuriously, cracking knuckles before reaching for the fiddle. As he moved his pristine suit flowed with him and ash vanished from the Devil’s night-black hair. There wasn’t a hint of rot remaining. And finally…

*Fire flew from his fingertips as he rosined up the bow.*  
*And he pulled the bow across the strings and it made an evil hiss.*  
*From the distance, echoes joined in and it sounded something like…*

And the devil grinned. Hell-fires lit his eyes and reflected brightly from the golden fiddle in his hands.

"One last bet, Johnny?"
