Chance woke in a dimly lit auditorium filled with cots.

With the treatment and recovery loops completed, the designees began the long and gradual process of realignment. No longer were they who they were and their worldviews were disorienting. Weaklies were chargers. Uglies were handsomes. Slows were brainies. Atonals were sings. 

And the counseloriates divided the group according to the life adjustment track that corresponded to their individual From-To panel. Each designee had a code "A-2-+" or "G-10-base" that was used for the next rounds of programming-training. The designations told the story of how far their new psycho-physico-social matrix had shifted. Groupings were taken to their drill zone for accommodation therapy. The sorting was a steady but gradual process that took the better part of an hour.

Chance was bored, but the unoccupied time was blessing-be for letting the woozies fall away. At the end of what felt like an hour Chance sat with her L-nil-nil card. Everybody else had moved along except her. And she felt nothing had changed.

"There won't be any adjustments for you," sad the counseloriate "since each element in your prior skillpool is as it was when you arrived."

Chance stammered "It didn't work? But I felt something."

"Quite the contrary, it worked beautifully. The implant has integrated with your temporal cortex and you may exercise it at any time."

"But how? What do I need to say or do to 'exercise' luck?"

The counseloriate shriveled his nose and said "I wish they'd never called it that. It seems so ... nonsensical. Luck is not a faucet, it cannot be turned on or off, it must be crafted and shaped like a sculpture. Statistically, the top 10% can only be arrived at by tossing the dice at least ten times. And then you have to have the good sense to stop and walk out of the casino a winner. What this gives you is the ability to walk up to the roulette wheel as though you'd never seen it before. And that is precisely what you've been given. A simple wish will do the trick. The wheel of time is now at your beck and call. You may reset your universe's clock backward to any point in time from today forward. You have infinite opportunities to spin the wheel."

Chance had heard this exact monologue many, many times and new it like a song played too often. And each incantation had been the start of a new adventure. Chance knew there was an infinite amount of joy, hatred, money, sickness, love, and pain available to her and the only thing that made a difference was how she proceeded. 

And the counseliorate, too, knew that this moment was critical. You could never know if this was the tenth or ten thousandth time the "cycler" had returned. Many peers died this way, especially if the cycler was in a burning bridges phase. He looked into Chances' eyes looking for clues but saw nothing, which could be good or bad.

Chance drew a breath and slowly said "This is my twelve thousandth cycle. I have tried every path imaginable I cannot find the one. I want you to help me."

The counseliorate exhaled and said "Good. Then you are now ready for accommodation therapy. It is wonderful that you made it this far.  It seems so many don't."