"Cadets, front and center!"
Josh was new to this whole military thing, especially new at getting yelled at. He couldn't recall a day in his 23 year old life that he had any real drive or motivation. He wasnt so sure what these people saw in him but it felt good do something that had meaning.
"You have been selected to do things no man woman or child should have to suffer through. In all my years in the military, I have never been faced with a task as important as this!"
Looking around the room there were 9 guys and one chick. They were all various forms of overweight and all the guys had neck beards. The lonesome girl had short blue hair and fish nets on her arms. The military issued a special uniform for the new cadets which featured standard issue fedoras and metal band (of their choice) tshirts.
"In normal times, I doubt a single one of you all could pass the PT examination let alone make it through boot camp but given the circumstance we are going to fast track you. On March third of this year our environmental professionals noticed a spike in flaxtite x in the atmosphere. Flaxtite x is a by product of human flatchulence. When somebody supports Hillary Clinton their brain releases a little bit of Flaxtite x into their digestive track."
What seargent Yates was talking about wasnt news to any of the cadets in the room. For months the media had been coverering the historical presidential campaign. Donlad Trump, republican nominee, died in April from a freak hair incident  yet all of his supporters were still backing him. The polls were dead even, Hillary 50% Donald 50%. Hilary supporters, for the past couple months, have been farting out a toxic gas into the atmosphere which was opening the o-zone layer and exposing the earth to deadly radiation from the sun. These farts killed any person in close proximity of the airborne toxin. See, nobody could possibly change who they wanted to vote for and any person who dared to criticize this toxic gas was labeled a racist.
"In 1969, scientists at area 51 were contacted by an alien life force and given the technology to travel through space at the speed of light. We have been waiting to use this technology until we absolutely had to abandon this plant. The project is formally known as "project no mans sky" and began August 9th 2016 with the release of the government software. The software tracked its users ability to do things that are incredibly boring. It also measured the users ability to relentlessly support something that is publicly perceived as incredibly disappointing."
Josh was too busy thinking about the physical he received earlier today to pay attention to sergeant Yates. He felt that the aggressive anal probing was a bit excessive and he just couldn't understand how the doctor didnt see the potential of the game he so tirelessly played. Josh loved No Mans Sky, and whoever said that it wasn't complete just didn't dedicate enough time into it.
"Well cadets, you did it, and your reward is exclusive DLC to the game you love so much!"
The cadets looked at each other as if they had all won the lottery and audibly gasped at the new prospects of their beloved game. 
"This 'DLC'" Yates giving air quotes when spelling DLC
"Will be unlike anything you have ever experienced in fact it isnt downloadable at all, its real life. No Mans Sky was a simulation..."
The room was quite. Nobody dared to speak. Then, out of nowhere, the girl with the blue hair let out a monstrous thunder from below. Staring intensely into sergeant Yates eyes, she farted with a force greater than life.
"COVER YOUR NOSES AND DROP TO THE FLOOR!!!" Yates screamed
But it was too late, half of the people in the room where already dead. She ripped off her shirt and yelled "Free the nipples and Vote for Hillary!" Yates, stood in bravery, uncovered his nose, raised his gun and shot the girl in the forehead from across the room. Josh ran over to the sergeant as he gasped his last words, "Build the wall..."
Josh couldn't hold his nose any longer. Before he took his last breath of air, he looked around the room at the only people who ever agreed with him on his favorite game.