The soft thud of my beating heart wakes me from a dream. The last dreamy detail I can recall is my mother's arms cocooning me as she sings, "You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey." I can see her soft eyes and warm smile. The kind of smile she only reserved for small moments with me or my sister. I hadn't seen this smile in years. A memory tucked deep in my mind to warm me from the inside out. 

My eyes crack open on her last note and I see dusty red or burnt orange; it's a toss up as I've always had a type of red/orange colour blindness.  This wasn't much of an issue on Earth, but is laughable on "The Red Planet." I instantly remember where I am and why I'm here. The fleeting melody of my mother's song plays in my mind as I turn my wrists and move my arms around to get my bearings. I push the lid of my coffin upward with as much force as my emaciated muscles can muster. Nothing happens. I push again. Still nothing. I feel around the coffin and find a small lever. I push it upward and the lid springs open. This is it, I think. The small tank connected to my space suit will run out of oxygen within a few minutes now that my breathing is draining it. 

I roll out of the cryo pod and find it nearly impossible to move most of my body. I'd heard about the damaging effects of cryogenic freezing and the atrophy it would create in the muscles, but I wasn't expecting this. I roll around on the red earth as the weight of my space suit makes it difficult to move. I figure if I can wiggle out of the suit and somehow manage to keep the oxygen line connected to the helmet I'll buy myself a few more minutes of life before I pass out from lack of oxygen and eventually die here, alone, on a dusty Mars afternoon. It's weird how my body, after 4 years of cryogenic slumber, instinctively knows it's the afternoon. 

The Sun looks tiny as I gaze up into the dust filled sky. There's an unfamiliar haze that I don't remember before going to sleep. I look down at my gloved hands, and brush the thick layer of dust from the cryo coffin. The small panel of LED numbers illuminates the date of cryo initiation: March 22, 2022. Beneath this date is another: April 3, 2049. Holy shit! I've been in cryo for 27 years? My daughter probably has children of her own. My wife is pushing 60. If the actual date is April 3, 2049, then I'm 63. I look down at my hands and pull the gloves off. My hands still look 36. I take a minute to process all of this time gone by, their well-being, and my ageless suspension in cryo. It can't be real, I think.

I wiggle out of my suit and manage to keep the air tight seal on the helmet attached to the oxygen line. It's much easier to move without the suit. The air is warm; much warmer than it should be on Mars. It feels like a sunny spring afternoon in Southern California, without the sea breeze. Just the sun kissing my bare arms, slowly easing the goosebumps into submission. A million thoughts are running through my head about my family, my atrophied muscles, how much time has passed, how much time I have left, and the urge to urinate. Nature calls, even on Mars after 27 years of frozen slumber. Will my urethra even still work properly? I crawl toward a rock, searching for privacy. The irony isn't lost on me, but old habits die hard.

I look up at the Sun again. It's so much smaller from here compared to the view from Earth. Our team spent 4 weeks on Mars before everything went to shit. I could never get used to how small the Sun looked. It was like a constant reminder that we were so far from home. It was infallibly human to believe 8 of us could create the conditions necessary for sustainable life on Mars. It felt so promising. A solution to the problems we couldn't solve on Earth. 

One by one, my team members died as complications arose from every possible angle. Our communications were cut off in the second week, 3 people developed a virus in the third, and suddenly everyone had it by week 4, even me.  We couldn't continue. I watched seven of my team members perish as I battled the symptoms of the virus and hoped for death. I slowly tumbled through life and begin to improve with each day as my supplies continued to dwindle. It wasn't until the last oxygen tank was opened that I got the idea to freeze myself and hope for the best, but ultimately I knew I was simply prolonging death instead of just facing it head on.

I wonder how much oxygen is left in this tank? I begin to regain some strength and walk around our former camp. It looks familiar; a deep layer of dust covers everything. I can even see seven lumps in the dirt off in the distance. I walk toward this makeshift cemetery and rest for a few minutes in the dirt next to my seven team members. I sit up, look around, and take one last look at the small shining Sun. I don't know how memories work for the dead, but this will probably be the last thing I see. I can hear the oxygen running low in the tank. With each breath I take in, I can feel my lungs gulping for more. I take the helmet off and look over at the seven mounds next to me. 27 years later, and I'm joining them. It's surreal. I think about my wife and my daughter. I imagine a grandchild. I can no longer fight the urge to take a breath. I gulp in the acrid martian atmosphere. Nothing happens. I do it again. I'm still breathing. It's more laboured than Earth breathing, but I'm breathing. I'm fucking breathing.  