In my line of work, there is only ever one question. There are targets, budgets, accomplices, witnesses, equipment manifests; but only ever one 'question'. It was almost always a Paladin. Something about the class just attracted many a jackass with a power fetish or a kink for rules lawyering. They take their big knight in their shining armor with the words of their God and they go about the business of sucking the fun out of this pen and paper iteration of man's original pastime. You might ask "how are so many people so unimaginative in a game that is ninety-nine percent imagination?" but that isn't the question.  


This time the target was Michael Angelos, an Aasimar in a campaign with elements of contemporary religion added for flavor and familiarity. Purportedly the descendant and inheritor of the mantle of a great Archangel. This Avatar of Woe was even helmed by a Mike ticking yet another box in the bingo of bad builds. The details were laid out via electronic mail and I hadn't even finished the introductory paragraph explaining why the malcontent Mike's Michael needed to be making an exit of his mythical 'mortal' coil. The player and character were as insufferably arrogant and demanding as one would expect having done this as long as I have. The DM and group had tried talking to him as individuals and together but he would not change his ways. It had become so bad that the campaign was being brought to an early end by mutual agreement, each seat at the table wanted as much distance from Mike and Michael as they could get in future games... but a lesson needed taught first.  


The group met in a hobby store which rented small studios hourly for gaming of all kinds. It was not on my list of usual haunts, but I had been vetted appropriately. Everyone that mattered knew what I was there for, it would seem Mike had developed a bit of a reputation of his own. I pitched in my fair share for the evening and sat at the table for introductions, they had their fifth man quit unexpectedly claiming schedule conflicts and were hoping a fresh but experienced face could keep things flowing. I was given my character sheet, which I poured over as if I were seeing it for the first time despite knowing the details so well from the last week's study to be able to recite them from memory. 6th level Bard with a tweaked College of Swords build that had some less-than-subtle nods to a certain 3.5 prestige class few remember. I was a Swashbuckler armed with an Estoc and a belt of Dancing Daggers. From there the setup was easy. Currently serving as a Skald to a local lord I was tasked with finding and 'recording an adventure' of a certain Celestially-ancestry'd Paladin. All the appropriate documentation including a wax copy of the lord's Signet for authenticity, a sample oration of my work to Inspire the party and we were off to kill an evil wizard.  


The DM played his part well. The wizened tinkerer had quite the cacophonous collection of clanky clockwork constructs which made so much noise that communication in the heat of battle was impossible and none of the party could gain benefits from my Bardic abilities. After the first rounds of combat my character was instructed quite intently to reserve his power that we might find blissful quiet in the inner sanctum. Michael took charge, both forth and from the rest of the group. The player behind the party's own wizard voiced concern that such instructions would be perplexing to perceive in the perpetual pandemonium but rapidly relented under insistence by Mike that his Charisma would boost his boisterous broadcast. All there was left to do was to wait.  


With our last hour we entered the laboratory and discovered the wizard hard at work on his masterpiece, he had been studying captured Modrons to develop his automatons. The DM launched into a monologue about the importance of Order and the Balance of Things that had some thinly veiled jabs at a certain seat of the table which still somehow sailed beyond the clouds within which Mike rested Michael's head. By the final minutes of our time, the battle was won. Multitudinous mangled machines lay at the feet of our group, with the Wizard on his knees before the sword and symbol of Michael. Mike said some words he undoubtedly thought pithy then declared his intent to inflict a coup de grace, he elected to use his final Smite to ensure sufficient damage as his rolls had been low that evening. It was then that I struck.  


"I also would like to declare a coup." I stated to mock surprise from most but genuine from Mike. Without an opportunity for him to ask the question, the one question that is always asked, I explained. A perception check had revealed to my Skald the magical nature of the inscription upon the plinth which our foe had used to ensnare his pet Modron, it was a Glyph of Warding trap written in Draconian likely as a last resort of containment. It now served as the initial strike in a sequence of incontestable actions against my target. I read the ignition rune aloud and the blast not only took away most of his remaining hit points it also knocked him away and prone at my feet. I thrust my Estoc (1d8+1) down into him, pushing through with my open hand (Fighting Style Duelist, +2 bonus damage if attacking with a weapon in one hand and nothing in the other), yet not without the panache of my discipline (Swashbuckler, Artful Swordplay, the first time you attack with a light or finesse weapon on a turn you may deal an additional 1d6 damage increasing at 5th level to 2d6). The 17 damage, significant though it was for a single strike at 6th level by a Bard, was insufficient to finish him off. With the permission of the DM, I used my second attack to recall the three Dancing Daggers that remained dancing, each sticking their landing for an additional 1d4+2 apiece. Barely doing the 10 more damage necessary.  


The deed done, I smiled at Mike. I knew what was coming. He had a question on his lips, he had \*the\* question on his mind, and so he asked it. "Why?"