The first slip happened right in my own bed.

I automatically looked down at my palm, tracing the creases with my fingertips. The telltale signs were there - numb senses, the lack of subtleties in the lines.

My T-shirt wasn't the same one I wore last night. The date and time were correct, October 8^(th) and eight-thirty AM. I'd beaten the alarm clock, even though those things didn't always work here.

As an afterthought, I stepped over to my bay window. Even if one environment was rendered properly, so to speak, the surroundings often looked unfamiliar. To my surprise, it was exactly how it was supposed to be. My neighbor's cars were of the correct model and color. The trash was on the curb exactly where I'd left it last night, and I caught a glimpse of the old lady that strolled by every morning.

I had trained to recall the moments before I went to sleep, remembering the exact conditions and time. Knowledge that I could use later on to verify whether I lived in the real world or merely my subconscious. When I was younger, I'd woken up in hotels thinking I was still in another world.

Don't get me started on those nested dreams either. Or the art of holding onto lucidity when your mind starts slipping away. I'd honed my skills over ten years, from becoming an observer to a driver. Later a creator as I began to shape the virtual environment to my liking.

I'd tried many times to start off in my own room. Yet, there's a certain realism to getting one naturally rather than forcibly. The details aren't quite right when I draw on conscious memories, and trying to spin my brain up much  often results in waking. Ditto for tricks like teleportation, which sometimes fool my mind to the point where I let go of the dream.

And trust me, waking from lucidity at four in the morning is the shittiest thing ever. With your mind running at full blast, it's really difficult to go back to sleep. You daydream the hours away, and wake for class like as if you've got a enormous hangover.

So logically, I was excited to try out my, well, abilities in the comfort of my own community. Luxury mansions are one thing, futuristic cities another. There are times when it's best to mess with my friends and family.

An airhorn, I thought. My parents told me to wake up my little brother every morning, as he somehow slept past the bloody alarm. Simple spawning into my palm didn't work, despite careful concentration.

*The airhorn is in my dresser*, I thought several times, forming the words silently to will them into reality. I visualized its shape and position before sliding the drawer open.

Nothing.

I tried several more times, eventually hitting the point where I started to feel drowsy and lose control. Quickly, I stared down at my hands, lay still, and took a few deep breaths to restabilize. Was I falling apart already?

Trying to shift my viewpoint didn't work either, the act of doing so causing my body to shudder. I felt as if something was trying to wrench my grip away every time I started thinking too hard. A sensation I'd never felt before.

Be that way, Mr. Subconscious. I'll enjoy myself without those fancy tricks.

---

I was still dreaming, that's for sure. While most of the things in my room were the same, I realized my backpack and stationary were different. My "parents" had gotten a new dishwasher and television. Things felt more realistic than usual, including the physics of throwing a wineglass against the patio.

Kenny caught me at eleven lounging on the couch, drinking my father's beer.

"Will you look at the *fucking* time?" he hollered at me. Language undoubtely learned from too many late-night gaming sessions.

"Like I care," I said casually. Kenny was a prick, the younger sibling enjoying all the love and none of the responsibilities.

"But Mr. Richards will..." he stammered. "I forgot to set the alarm," he whispered slowly.

"Do you want me to kill you, or him?" I threatened quietly. I watched as he ran out the door within five minutes.

I spent the rest of the day fooling around. The dream was unstable, forcing me to dilate time. As it got worse, I realized I could only stay for a short while longer before waking. I fast-forwarded again.

When my parents came home, which they did, I moved away from my body and watched my other self attempt to explain what happened today. He stammered and blamed it on teenage hormones to my silent laughter. Despite fighting hard and attempting to flip over to another scene, the ringing bells on my desk forced me up.  

I felt bad after this. Maybe it was due to the realism of it all, or maybe cause it was myself, my brother, and my parents. Yes, I'd done terrible things in other dreams, from cold-blooded murder to nastier things I won't repeat. Something in the back of my mind told me I should've toned things down a notch.

I was really surprised when I woke up in the same dream three days later. A rarity, especially when it happened naturally. I'd practiced this for years, reforming the environment in my head during the critical moments when I entered the REM state. The success rate was incredibly low.

Quickly, I looked over at the clock. October 12^(th). This time I wouldn't act like the worst son ever, but that didn't mean I couldn't have fun.

---

*I'm an ex-lucid dreamer, and a lot of the techniques and such in this story are true. Also check out /r/luciddreaming*