Birds chirped a beautiful melody when sunset arrived in the park. Jeremy had just climbed the highest slide around and saw two kids giggling under a tree. Feeling the wind brush past his face when he sped down, Jeremy got up from the slide and ran over to to his friends. Wiping dust off his shorts, Jeremy then said:

"What'cha guys laughing about?"

"Nothing" said Emilia. "Robert was telling me something about past lives."

"Past lives?"

"Yeah," said Robert, "I saw it on TV yesterday. Apparently, when you die, you don't just disappear, you actually just get reborn into another life. I think I used to be a baker in my past life! Y'know? With ovens and stuff! What about you?"

Jeremy looked around, scratched his head, and said:

"I was king! Or a soldier! A great leader! People did what I told them to!"

The three kids laughed loudly together, filling the park with their high pitch voices. Emilia then pouted and said:

"I dunno Jeremy... that seems a bit too much for you. I means that you also killed a lot of people before."

"Of course he did!" said Robert. "That's awesome! How many people you think you killed?"

"Hmm..." Jeremy put his hands on his waist and looked upwards confidently. "Someone should give me a nickle for every person I've killed, that way, I'd be rich!"

-------------------------------------

The swat trucks sped by the alley while Jeremy hid behind a dumpster. He didn't know what was happening or why they were after him, but he was clear on one thing, he need to get to that bank vault. Walking out with his hoodie up, Jeremy exited the backstreet and raced through the sidewalk with a desperate pace. 

As far as he knew, he hadn't done anything wrong. The fact that a nameless government agency was hunting him down only told him that he was framed for something. All he did was grab his mail, open a box with a weird key, and return to his apartment. A couple of agents were waiting for him at his door, who at first approached him in a friendly manner, only escort him outside in a forceful fashion. 

They didn't explain themselves clearly, but every action movie he had ever seen pointed to one conclusion: These guys do not have his best interest at heart. It's a miracle he managed to get away. Some clever wordplay, a convenient distraction, and a mad dash into the city crowd were enough to escape without harm. 

Avoiding busy commuters on the streets, Jeremy got out the key and inspected it. Its handle had an equilateral cross with its four legs bent at 90 degrees to the right. He knew he had seen this somewhere before, maybe in history class, but he couldn't put his finger on what it represented. Clearly an old relic from centuries past. 

Jeremy turned a corner and reached his destination. Across the street was the bank mentioned in the key's note, though Jeremy widened his eyes and tightened his fist when he saw what waited for him. Dozens of agents waited in front of the building. Wearing suits and dark sunglasses, the patrolled the block and constantly reported to each other on their radios. 

Jeremy looked downwards, quietly cursing to himself. A few seconds then passed before he heard a loud truck drive nearby. A security truck, probably heading to the bank. As it entered an alley next to the building and parked there, Jeremy grinned and carefully headed towards it.

--------------------------------------------------

Jeremy felt bad for knocking the driver out. They guy didn't deserve the beating he gave him, but he needed to get into that bank, and asking nicely for his uniform was out of the question. Hopefully he would be alright afterwards, though Jeremy couldn't afford to let his feelings cloud him. After all, he still had to get through the agents without arising any suspicion. 

Reaching the entrance while wheeling some heavy containers, Jeremy felt his hands and knees trembling. At first no one looked at him, which gave him some relief, though afterwards an agent looked at him sternly. Regardless, Jeremy continued his trajectory with no signs of slowing down. He couldn't show any suspicious behavior. Some nervousness was forgivable on his part, the agents were pretty intimidating and any reasonable person would act accordingly. What he needed to do was strike a balance. Not too nervous and not too calm. Average. He needed to be average. 

Thankfully, Jeremy manged to do just that, walking past the onlooking agent without anything remarkable occurring. Almost a few steps from the glass door, Jeremy heard an agent say:
 
"Hey you! Wait! Don't do anything unnecessary!"

Jeremy gripped the handles of his angled cart and froze in panic. He couldn't just run, even if every instinct inside of him told him to. He was completely surrounded by the agents. Doing his best to mask the nervousness in his face, he turned around and saw the agent approaching him.

"Let me get that door for you!" said the agent. "That thing seems like a bitch to put down. It'd be better if I just opened it instead of you."

Jeremy nodded with a weak smile. After the agent opened the door, Jeremy entered the bank exhaling the biggest sigh he had ever  released in his life. 

----------------------------------------------

The rest of the process was simple compared to what Jeremy had gone through. All he had to do was walk up to a teller behind the counter, show her the key along with the note, and be guided into the bank's security vaults. They even left him alone in the room, with only a table and a couple of chairs to accompany him. Perfect for whatever nasty thing was inside the deposit box. Taking out the key, he slid it into its slot and turned it sideways. In what felt like an eternity, but was really three seconds, the box released its mechanical lock and revealed its content to Jeremy.

Nickels. Millions of nickels flooded out of the vault, covering the floor with thousands of cents. Jeremy squinted his eyes and shook his head, before hearing a voice behind him say:

"Five hundred and fifty thousand dollars in nickels. That's how much I had to collect, just as you wished."

"What?" Jeremy turned around. "Robert?!?"

"Yes, old friend. It took me a while, but I finally followed through with your order."

Jeremy felt dizzy for a moment and grabbed on to the nearby chair. He then pulled it out and sat in front of the table, with Robert doing the same. Robert then said:

"When we were children, you said someone should give you a nickel for every person you killed in your past life. As your loyal servant in this life and the previous one, it was my duty to show this to you once you were of age." He smiled. "I'm guessing you can't do the math in your head, but this quantity means you were responsible for eleven-million deaths in your previous life."

"What exactly are you saying?" Jeremy slammed his hands on the table. "Why are those agents after me then?!? How am I responsible for that?!? This is insane!"

"And yet, you still ran away from the authorities, following a feeling you couldn't explain. I can't expect you to believe this immediately; You'll eventually see it for yourself." Robert stood up. "They hunt you because they fear what you can do again." He walked up next to Jeremy. "They're afraid of you following your duty; your birthright." He lowered himself on one knee. "Two hundred years ago you almost ruled the world as the leader of the German nation. It's time to finish what you started; it's time for the Fourth Reich to begin, Mein Führer." 

------------------------------------------

>This story probably belongs in /pol/. I swear I'm not a Hitler enthusiast! If it makes anyone feel better, these two nut jobs immediately go outside and get shot by the agents. Anyway, if you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!