I admit to staring blankly for several moments before I realised this must be a practical joke.

"Hell isn't real."

The blobby humanoid in front of me retained its cheshire grin. Maybe the grin was a part of the costume that made her appear to be made of mud, I mused.  

"Of course it is, silly! It's God's little torture chamber for souls who truly believe in Them and hate Them." 

I hesitated, not wanting to play along, but fascinated by this contradiction to the doctrine hammered into me over years.

"Isn't it was unbelievers and sinners who go to Hell?" 

"Nope! God normally only makes back-ups of people that They really like. You're only the seventh person to piss Them off enough to get an afterlife in Hell. I'm the second, Rebkah; nice to meet you!"

I knew I should be establishing that I knew this was a practical joke, stopping whoever they were laughing at me. I was standing in a white room with flame holograms on the walls and a person dressed as a mud-monster, for God's sake!

But for the first time in my life, I was standing before someone speaking about my deepest, darkest fears, as though they were reasonable, as though other people might think the same. 

And the thing about my deepest, darkest fears was that, despite being dismissed by everyone I had ever confided them to, they were also my deepest, darkest beliefs. No matter how ridiculous the situation, I couldn't help yearning to hear her confirm more of my thoughts. 

"So my grandma?"

"She didn't get a soul. Sorry."

"My cat?"

She looked regretful, but also pitying. I felt the pain of losing George tear through me like it was knew and felt a deep pang of resentment for her and God and everyone who didn't love that stupid cat like me.

I don't know if she felt it, but she shifted awkwardly.

"So, what does eternal torment consist of?"

"God remember us and comes to torture us every few months. That really sucks! The rest of the time They leaves us to our own devices, in these white rooms. They say just existing is enough of a punishment for beings as wretched as us, but I think They just get all the general torment They want watching Earth."

That was daunting. Also, just as awful and morally bankrupt as I always secretly knew God was. Any decent person with that much power would rule a far nicer world.

"You keep referring to God in the plural."

"What? Oh, no, no, third person singular. They insist on it. The guys who agreed to use 'He' in the Bible had a really awful time in Limbo. Uh, really insist on it. Don't refer to God as male. Really."

… I had no idea what she was talking about and wasn't sure I wanted to.

"And the deadly sin thing?"

"God really liked the idea and he's given all of us in Hell a sin. You're Pride. I hope you're really proud, because he'll hurt you way less if he got you to complete the set rather than having a personal grudge against you."

Pride? I had had my comfort in being myself and willingness to question criticised as pride before. When I was younger I was rebelliously proud of being proud. Now that I knew so many more people I didn't think of myself as particularly proud. Still, there was something appealing about the label. 

I shook off the thought and headed to the door. I had indulged my curiousity, now I would find the way out of this place. Rebkah bounced along behind me, her muddy body audibly squelching.
