"Kill him! Do it! Do it while you have the chance!"

"Will you relax? He ju-"

"Maybe you should! Does this fool truly think he can out-cast ME? Me! Do you have any idea who I am?"

"If you'd just give me a second I coul-"

"I strongly advise against any rash decisions! In no way are you risking your life for such a petty dispute!"

"Guys. I-"

"I really don't think we should do this! Can we go? I'm ready to run when you are!"

This was my life now. Our objective was suppose to be simple- infiltrate the camp, get my stuff back, and rough up any of the annoyingly perceptive imps that resisted. They're small and ugly, but they sure are crafty. Anyway, the objective was SUPPOSE to be simple. But there I was, not even at the edge of the camp's east wall, and I was already being pressured by my own equipment to kill a small frog and run the opposite direction.

I never asked to get physically bound to a bunch of sentient and, very verbal, items, but I guess that's what happens when you keep things you find in Darkwood caves. They even gave themselves names, though not by my choice. Scorn- the sword, Angel- the shield, Orgulho- the spellbook, and Doscele- the boots. Fitting, I guess.

"Will you guys shut up for five seconds. It's a frog! That is the last thing that I care about right now. Even if I wasn't sneaking into an imp camp in the dead of night, I STILL wouldn't be killing it." I dismissed the situation with a shake of my head and continued to shimmy through the wet grass.

The camp was somewhat of a fort, but on the smaller side. The large, wooden stakewalls stood about six feet taller than me, tied together with frayed rope. Imps were known for throwing up decently fortified camps pretty quickly, but these ones missed a spot. There was a crack between two of the stakes where the soft glow of campfire bled out- small enough for me to remain unseen, but large enough for me to slip through.

I made it to the wall and peered through the crack. I couldn't see much past a stack of large crates. Not knowing where the enemy was wasn't great, but the crates at least provided enough cover for me to remain unseen. I slipped through the crack and took cover behind the crates.

"So what's our plan? Are we doing this quietly?" Angel asked in her soothing but firm tone. Despite winning the past few fights we'd been in she still sounded just as protective as she did when I'd first gotten stuck with them. 

"I say we move through the shadows and slit their throats, one by one." Scorn hissed.

"It's fine, I got this. We're going to slip through the camp undetected, get my stuff and get out. They might be weak but we don't need a fight right now."

"I suppose you could just run in and out like a coward, but where's the fun in that? I'd gladly engulf them all in my glorious flames- just say the word and you're garunteed to lay speechless in the face of my wonder!" Orgulho cried out, waxing-eloquent as usual.

I slowly raised my shield above my head, only a few inches, hoping to get a sense of my surroundings through the reflection. Strange, I thought, it seemed rather empty.
"For the last time, we're in and out. I don't feel like fighting imps right no-"

*CLING*

My sentence was cut short by the sharp sound of metal striking metal. I thrusted Angel back down beneath the crates as an arrow ricocheted off her and past my head.

"Oh god oh god what was that!" Doscele cried out.

"We've been found! Prepare for a fight!" Orghulo warned. I brought my shield to my chest and pulled my sword from it's sheath. So much for simple.