"Shit, shit, shit ..." A dark hooded figure walked through the wasteland. "Fuck, fuck, fuck ... this was not scheduled. This is bad... " The figure stops and taps its chest and arms repetitively. "I'm still here. It's not over yet. Keep your head Clarice. Somewhere out there are some idiots still alive ... and ... fuck ... I have to keep them this way."

In a bunker, not far from the hooded figure. "So there I was. The office full of colleagues and strangers, and all I had to cover my enormous penis was the birthday pie I fetched from the store. My boss was not please. *She* was not please, I tell you." This was the 8^th lame, and made-up story he told her. 3 day they've spend in the bunker and it was nothing like the stories made it appear. She, the last women on the world, and he, the last man on the planet. At first she hoped that he would start to get *appealing* a few days in, but "appalling" remains "appalling" it seems. So this is it? She's going to die together with that guy? Drowning seems like a trip to Disney Land in comparison. "I have to go to the toiler." She excused herself and left the room. He remained to wonder how often she was going to use the toiled within an hour?

She flushed the toilet. It was a special water saving one. No drowning there. Frustrated she walked over the to cabinet. Jackpot. Razor-blades served with a hand-picked bouquet of assorted pills. "DON'T!", the hooded figure appeared. For the sake of your ears the following scream of the woman will not be described. "Please, you can't do that. My name is Death Clarice Incarnate, and my existence depends on your survival. Please don't kill yourself."

"What? You're who? Death?! ... those pills act fast."

"You haven't take any yet ..."

"Yeah, amazing isn't it?"

"No, please, listen. You must not kill yourself. I know it is hard, but you have to survive. And, well, it would be great if you'd repopulate the planet."

"With that guy?"

"Please?"

"Down they go..." and the woman started to swallow the pills like candy.

"NO!" The hooded figure knocked the pills out of the woman's hand with a scythe, careful not to touch her.

"LEAVE ME ALONE!", the women screamed. "You murdered all I ever loved! My family, my hamster, Joshua from the office on the opposite side of the road!" To top it all off she threw her phone against the wall, shattering it in thousand pieces "Even the PokemonGo servers are dead! YOU MONSTER!"

"I'm sorry. I just work here. I didn't start any nukes, but please listen. Ok, I get it. He really seems like a terrible guy, but I need you to do this. YOU need yourself to do this. 40 years from now you'll look at this and laugh. I promise."

"Yeah, fuck that. 40 minutes from now I better be stone dead."

"OK, lets strike a deal. You get 10 children with him and in 10 years I kill you. How does that sound?"

"5 children and you kill him!"

"Fuck. ... shit" the hooded figure cursed, "... Okey, deal!" The women reached out her hand to close to deal, but the hooded figure faltered. "... oh, nice try! I'm not going to fall for that one. If we touch it's you who dies."

"Shit." This time it was the woman's time to curse. "But I really don't want to stand close to him, let alone anything else. ... Have you even heard his stories?! Nothing gets through to him. I told him he's not funny 3 times. He doesn't listen to anything. Yesterday I tried to make a joke and he just told me I have beautiful eye ... like my eyes can turn this wasteland fertile again. And I'm to spend 5 years with him. All my dreams and hopes wasted on an guy with the character of an unpainted brick wall?" The women sat on the ground sobbing. "Nothing matters anymore. Everyone is dead, my only dress in ruined, and now even death is no salvation." She continued to sob for a few minutes. "Fuck ... fuuuuuuuuckfuckfuck. *sigh* There really is no other way?" The women asked. The hooded figure shook its head. "Well, there better be some spirit in one of those storage cans, or it's going to be a long nuclear winter."

When she returned into the main room of the bunker the women, and the hooded figure found the man dead. He hung himself from a door knob with his belt; his trousers at his ankles. Over him another hooded figure was standing. "Oh, is that you Clarice? Look what I've found. World is ended and he tries out erotic asphyxiation. Well, not on my watch, buddy.", and the figure took a good kick at the corpse.

"Eric?! What have you done?! These two were the last hope for humanity!" 

The second hooded figure looked at the women, and then back at the corpse. "Well, not with one dead, that's for sure." - "What is wrong with you?! Once she's dead we're no longer needed and disappear! How could you!" - "Why are you screaming at me! How should I know! You could have told me!"

While the two figures were arguing, the women sat down on the couch with a sanguine smile. Now that the worst was finally over it can finally get better. With this the women redefined the meaning of some words and literally lived happily ever after.