David felt a slight tinge in the back of his neck. He felt nothing of it as he rubbed the small square bump near the base of his skull. He grabbed his car keys, winched his tie and began his hour drive to work as he had done for eight years.  
The car rental facility had many entrances .David vaguely remembered what it looked like on the inside before he got this job. It had been nearly eight years since he had spent an awake eight hours.
Car care called it the script.  As soon as an employee passed the geolocation fence the chip activated and the companies pre-programming was supposed to take over. David knew something was wrong as he stepped into the garage.  He walked down the path on the crosswalk, where he must have walked a thousand times.  It had the familiarity of deja vu, like he had seen it all before.  The garage was supposed to be full of cars for customers to rent but it was empty.  Near the entrance to the building was a small boothe.  It had the words Car care Select members.  Inside was one employee.  It was an overweight woman in her thirties with an annoying voice.  “I’m sorry sir.  We just are waiting for the cars to be cleaned right now!”  She said as friendly as she can.
“I’m Car Care Select, Im VIP Select.  I rent cars from you every week. And you never have my damn car ready!”  The man slammed his hand on the counter.
“I’m sorry sir.  We will have a car for you in a minute.”
“You still don’t have a car for me now after I’ve waited 20 minutes?  What is wrong with your company?  I’m supposed to be pre assigned to that board, with my car space sent to my email.  It’s exactly the reason I use your company to not have to speak to anyone and ever week I’m in line.”
    “I’m sorry sir.”  
“You need to make sure you put me in something nice for this.  And I want money off my rental for my time.”
“Okay sir.  Hold on.  Will a full size car work, your booked in our smallest class of car.  You booked a passenger size.”
“I’m VIP select, I automatically get upgrades into full size.  I want a luxury car or SUV nothing less.” The man folded his arms in defiance.  
“I don’t have any extra this time or I would give it to you.  I have to be able to meet my reservations for today.  The only thing I have extra is trucks and full size cars.”
“I don’t want a truck. Who drives a truck?”  
“Then I can give you a full size.”
“What about my free upgrade?”
“I don’t have one available for you.”
“I want to speak to a manager.”
“He’s right over there.”  The woman pointed at David.  He felt a sense of panic as he walked to her.
“She won’t give me a car.”  He pointed at the woman.
“Let me check the system.”  David walked over.  He wasn’t sure how he knew to type VARSELECT into the computer but he did and it showed the reservations and car classes for today. Car Car was negative on Luxury cars and Suvs.  He flipped the screen around.  
“The minus number means we don’t have any extra cars or Suvs.  I apologize for the wait.  I will get you a full size car as quickly as I can.”  He felt the words come out of his mouth, but he didn’t know where they came from.  It was if somebody had programmed a script into his brain.  He couldn’t think of the words to say to this gentleman or even say anything inappropriate.  Part of him was getting angry.  The woman had showed him that they were negative before and he didn’t care.  Even though his temper was holding up other people from getting help.  
“You need to take money off for this!”  He stuck his finger in David’s face.
“Let me get you some coupons.”  David felt annoyed it had come out of his mouth.  He was going to reward this customers poor behavior.  Whoever had done the script must not care.  He walked towards the back, and opened the closet.  Thousands of coupons lay in books for him to grab.  He grabbed three and walked towards the man.  “Here you are sir.”  He radioed to the person bringing cars up from the car wash.
“I need a full size to Select.  Asap please.”
“10-4 got it we’re coming up with cleans now.”
“Thank you.”  
David looked at the line.  More people were coming in off the planes needing rental cars.  The line stretched out of the booth, into the garage where people were waiting.  It was only the two of them to help the 20 people in front of them.  
    The radio blared again.  “I need a manger to the front counter, a manger to the front counter.  David was unable to resist the command and headed towards the front counter.   
The front counter line was on his left.  It was 40 people long, stretched halfway to Cheap car rentals which had its own line running parallel.  Five other companies were in the Car rental facility.  
“How can I help you ma'am?”  
“She’s being rude!”  The woman pointed her finger.
    “I’m sorry ma'am, I just don’t have any free upgrades to give you.”
“Then give me coupons!”  She demanded.  “You made me wait an hour for this car.”  
    “If you sign up for Car care select they can preassigned your car so that you don’t have to wait so long next time!” The representative said penalty.
    “I’m never using your company again!  There won’t be a next time.  I’m done with you. Sir may I please have some coupons.”
    “No problem ma'am.”  David felt his legs move towards a closet.  The closet was full of thousands of coupons.  
    “Here you go!”  He handed her three.  David was annoyed though his face didn’t show it.
“Three isn’t going to be enough.”
    “I’m sorry ma'am three is all the company allows us to give you.”
“I’m never using this company again!”  She yelled.  “Cheap Car care give you four!” David was angry, they owned cheap car care.  They owned the whole facility.  You couldn't rent a car without going their company.  
    I need a manager to Cheap Car Care a manager to Cheap Car Care.
David once again started to move over to the next area.  Cheap Car Care had another forty people in line.
    “How can I help you ma'am?”
“She’s saying you only have trucks available?  How can that be? I made my reservations weeks ago.”
    “Let me check.  Yes we only have a truck available. It’s a four door crew cab and you were booked in the smallest car we have.  The truck had more room in it, then the entire car you originally observed and this is all we have available.”  His voice came out caring, but David was frustrated. “We are out of fullsizes at the moment.”
    “When does your next one check in?”  
“It’s random sir.  We are waiting for more cars.”
    “If I have to drive a truck then I want coupons.”
“Okay sir let me go to the closet.  David grabbed four coupons. He tried dropping the coupons on the floor, but his hand wouldn't open.  He tried to go into the back office to get away, but his feet wouldn’t move.  He tried saying “Help me.”  But all that came out was “here are your coupons.”
    David felt another tinge in his neck, a small shock.  “Manager to Customer Care Select!”  
His feet didn’t move on their own this time.  David walked down on his own free will.  The line had grown even longer now.   
    “Took you long enough!  Do you know how long I’ve been waiting?”
“Yeah about thirty seconds for me and twenty minutes for a car?  Sound correct.”
    The man was taken aback
David walked off quickly to the back of the room where the coupons were in the closet.  He walked over the customer and stuffed three into his coat.  “Sorry about this.  This sucks.”
    David started down the line and handed each customer three coupons. “Sorry everyone for the wait.”  He announced heading upstairs.  
    He walked over to the Avis Car Care line.  He raided the closet and did the same passing out three coupons to each customer.  
    “Sorry for the wait everyone!”  He yelled to the line.  David sprinted over the Cheap Car Care closet.  “He grabbed the booklets and passed out four coupons each to every customer.
    “We are working as quickly as we can to get you cars.”  He shouted.  
“David we need you in the back office immediately.”  His radio blared.  
    David nervously walked towards the back room.  His boss was staring at him blankly next to a man in a gray jumpsuit.
    “David I’m sorry to inform you that you’ve gone off script.”
“Off script? What do you mean?”
    “Your Chip is malfunctioning.  We are going to have to remove it.”
“Will I get another one?”
    “No David, we have to terminate you.  Employees are not allowed to go off script.”
“But I was just trying to help everyone!”  
    “You went off script David.  I’m sorry.”  
“It must be my chip!  It shocked me this morning.”
    “Any time a chip is suspected to have a malfunction you are to go to HR immediately for a replacement.  You went off script, and you didn’t report the chip malfunction.”  G
    “I’m sorry. I didn’t know I was going off script.”
“It’s okay David.  I’m sure you’ll find something else.”
    

