The first time I saw a dragon, it was in a New York City subway car. I was 22 years old and hadn't slept in something like 60 hours - I'd been pushing myself to finish a first draft of my thesis to give to my adviser. I still managed to turn it in late, shooting it off on a Saturday morning. I had then made the mistake of pushing myself to stay awake just a few hours longer so I could grab brunch with friends. I hadn't wanted to cancel on them, but it was probably more rude to have shown up in the state I was in. I hadn't showered in days and was too exhausted to finish a sentence.

"Jess, are you ok?" Ellen had asked, a note of judgement in her voice. On her 21st birthday I'd held back her hair as she threw up what had to be an entire bottle of jaeger and half her birthday cake, so I felt like her judging me was a little unwarranted.

"Just... um, yeah, sorry. Just tired." I'd replied.

"You're drooling on the menu," Ellen had pointed out with a half raised eyebrow.

I said my goodbyes, and left brunch early.

By the time I got on the subway, I had one goal. Stay awake long enough to make it to my apartment in Queens. Then I could collapse and sleep through the rest of the day and all of the next. All through the ride, I muttered to myself and gave my arms little slaps to help stay conscious, knowing I looked like a crazy person. It was a bit ironic when only a few moments later I actually became a crazy person.

I was staring at an ad for tooth whitening, into the eyes of a stock photo model with a very wide grin. As I watched, his shining teeth elongated, his eyes and nose stretching out to something more reptilian and taking on the bright green hue of his shirt. He twisted out from the ad, head pushed forward by a serpentine neck, and I was now staring into the face of a dragon. He weaved around the other passengers, who were oblivious to his presence, and rested with his  snout inches from my face.

"It's your stop," he told me. I realized the subway had stopped moving, and that he was right. I pushed my way out the doors right before they closed. I managed to wander home without further hallucinations, and slept.

At first, I chalked the experience up to exhaustion. But there were more dragons. Originally, they appeared when I was stressed or strained. I saw them during the speaking portion of my German final. I saw them when my boyfriend dumped me for a Freshman. I saw them whenever I got drunk, which was often in the weeks after my boyfriend dumped me for a Freshman.

"Do you... do you think she's pretty? Like, prettier than me, I mean," I asked a red scaled beast over a Heineken, slurring my words.

"No, not at all!" it replied.

I started seeing the dragons all the time. They followed me on sidewalks, into lecture halls, into coffee shops. I knew they weren't real, but knowing I was crazy was driving me crazy. I finally cracked and saw a psychiatrist, and it barely took a session to get diagnosed as a schizophrenic. And then came the therapy. And the pills. Lots and lots of poisonous happy pills, that didn't make me feel happy but did make me feel numb. Like there was a gauzy curtain between me and the rest of the world.

But the curtain was also a shield. The dragons were gone, and because they were gone I moved on with my life. I graduated, got a job, left New York for Boston. I lived, and lived a pretty normal life. But then at 28, I went and got myself pregnant.

I thought about not keeping it. But I did want kids, and I was in a stable place in my life. I had no clue who the father was, but I'd been raised by a single mom and turned out just fine. Well, other than the dragons. And since I couldn't stay on my particular cocktail of medications without risking hurting the baby, the dragons and I were about to get reacquainted.

They followed me to pregnant yoga. To my birthing class. To my future mommy's support group, though I couldn't exactly mention dragons to the other women while they were complaining about how weird their nipples were starting to look.

I made peace with my dragons. I was about 2 months in when I realized I was pregnant and went off my meds, and I knew I'd be dealing with the dragons for the next 7, so I figured it was better if we all just got along. I chatted to them in my apartment, like it was normal. I tried to pet one under my desk at work when none of my coworkers were looking, though obviously there was nothing really there. I asked them their opinions on baby names, and joked they were more excited about me having a kid than I was.

"We are," replied the golden dragon, the one who seemed to lead the rest. He grinned at me with a snort of flame.

When Naomi was born, she was the most beautiful baby in the world. Big blue eyes and pink jelly bean toes. She gurgled at me like the world's sweetest song. The doctors told me there was something wrong with her heart. That even though I'd gone off my meds to protect her, she'd still come out sick. I knew they had to be wrong. She was perfect, couldn't they see she was perfect?

The doctors took her from me. They put her in the newborn intensive care unit and hooked her up with tubes. I watched her through a glass wall, guarding her as best as I could. They told me she died a few hours later, but once again I knew they were wrong. I'd watched the dragons come for her, taking her from the tubes and the pain and the sterile white walls of the hospital. She'd climbed on the golden one's back, singing him her gurgling song, and as a reward for the music he'd flown her away to somewhere safe.

I never did go back on the meds. I wanted to keep talking to the dragons. They brought me stories of my daughter and her wild adventures as she grew up in a far off, fantastical world. And I hoped that maybe if I kept talking to the dragons, one day they would take me to that world. That one day, maybe, I'd be able to see my daughter again.

\---

Thanks for reading! Constructive criticism welcome. If you enjoyed this story, you can find more like it at r/kaypella