I never expected the world to make sense, but this is utter trash.  What kind of friends does this girl have, signing her up for a contest that she clearly doesn't want to participate in?  Sure, they're helping her overcome her stage fright, but what's the point if she won't enjoy it?  Now she's got to invest the time to make up some stupid performance piece  . . . 

Yes, I'm sure she has the voice of the angels, but she never planned on becoming a great singer.  She's not that great at other aspects of the music industry, like writing songs.  She doesn't have the right looks . . . 

Okay, she does look pretty after you gave her a makeover, but don't make the mistake of thinking that is the "new" her  . . .

Oh, look, Jerkass McJerkyJerk is checking her out but she wouldn't be interested in him.  Flattered maybe but . . .

No, you stupid friends, she is not interested in going out with Jerkass McJerkyJerk.  She was never interested in him.  It would not be fun, especially because Jerkass always seems to expect his dates to "return the favor."  What kind of friends are you to whore out her virginity to a pushy serial dater?" . . .

She says she doesn't want to go. She's not being shy.  She doesn't want to go . . .

Yes, it's so great that Snob McBitchface is super jealous of her, but now the couple are headed home . . .

Except he's not driving home.  He pulled into Lover's Lane, and the girl, who has never been to Lover's Lane, is confused.  Before long, she is pushing off Jerkass, who also mistakes her insistent "no's" to be shyness.  Finally she has to punch him and gets out of the car and starts walking home.  Honestly, this is the first action in this story I approve of.

On the way home, Gallant Classmate stops by and offers her a ride home.  Nothing against Gallant Classmate, but he is rather dully formed, and anyway you know how the rest of the story ends.  They get together, and she wins the contest because she deserves to win with her innate talent.  I'm not spoiling anything.  It's pretty obvious this is the ending.


