Perhaps Nietzsche was right. The heaven that greeted me was as far from cloudy paradise as I could have imagined. My footfalls were heavy and sank wetly into damp road. Certainly not walking on air. And the air? A fair smog, enough to see through but grey enough that I was careful to take deeper breaths through my nose.

But it wasn't a desolate wasteland with nothing in it. Here and there, examples of progress dotted the immense and vast space. Large enough that I couldn't tell where the bounds of heaven started or ended. But the architecture! Grecian columns, gothic impositions, brutalist blocks and modernist shapes – and through those buildings (was that the word?) people were filling out and making their ways here and there. Not a sight of worry or panic, but placid *normality* on their faces.

"Excuse me," I said, trying to stop a man and placing a hand on his suited shoulder. "Where am I?"

"The young man had in one of his hands a smaller hand – a child's. He simply raised an eyebrow and asked without a hint of meaning beyond the literal: "What do you mean?"

"Well, I've just died and –" I started.

"Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry I had no idea," he replied in a kinder voice now. It unnerved me for a second how uncannily alike this would have sounded in the world of the living. Why apologise for the world's single universal truth and furthermore one that we all now shared beyond a doubt?

"No, it's fine, don't worry about it," I started. My attempt at a game shrug seemed fair. It seemed even here we had to shrug off death – even your own. "We're all dead, right?"

"Yes, of course. Have you been here a while?" 

"No, I've just woken up here and I'm a little lost. Is there somewhere I can go to..." I pondered how to phrase this. "To start my... afterlife?"

"Well, this is it – welcome to paradise!"

The boy clutching the man's hand looked at me quizzically. A small figure with a messy tuft of black on his head, he had on a curious expression. Meeting a stranger, I suppose, would always be weird. 

"But what do I do here? Do I get to meet God?" I asked, a bit more urgently now. The journey through life is but one to get us to heaven, isn't it? Live well, live kindly, and be treated to greener pastures and salvation after death – so it goes. 

"Oh, um..." he paused now, brows more furrowed than arched. Digging for what seemed like the delicate phrasing of something distressing. "Thing is, there isn't actually a god –"

"What? Then who made this place?" I waved my arms to suggest, well, everything.

He shrugged. "Don't know. Maybe someone did or maybe we're just on another planet we don't understand yet. But don't get me wrong! Everyone here has died on Earth, and we're all sharing this... afterlife, as you call it."

I blinked. And again. I never was a particularly religious person – agnostic – but I wasn't opposed to the principles of the major religions. Love, kindness, honesty, humility... all values I lived by, God or no God. But that wasn't to say I was expecting absolutely nothing.

"You'll get used to it. You have plenty of time – that's the one thing we've got going for us here. I don't even remember how long my son and I have been here, but no one leaves," the man offered. He gave me a slight smile and carried on along his way. The boy trailed along, craning around to watch as I reeled inwardly. 

"Hey, wait a minute!" I called. If anything, perhaps one concrete answer would ground me. "Why... why is it so polluted in here?"

The man turned and he had a strange look in his eyes. A sort of light of shared curiosity now. "I'm not too sure either... but it's not going to kill you. Hasn't killed any of us. We're dead, remember?" And with that, he walked off. Leisurely, slowly, and seemingly without a care in the world – and why should he be concerned?

I spun around slowly trying to take in the people before it hit me. There were so many people. A countless, seemingly infinite number. Here, there, and everywhere I looked there was someone milling about. It reminded me of my evening commutes home from work – and the frustrating sardine can quality of the train rides. 

Then I saw my possible salvation. An elderly lady in a nun's habit. Religion existed here – so surely must one person's God!

I ran up to her. "Sister! Please!" I yelled breathlessly. It seemed even in death my past sedentary lifestyle could catch up to me. She turned to me slowly, looking a little surprised to have been called out. 

"Where is God?" I asked. 

She smiled. "Everywhere, my son." 

What?! In this situation I actually thought this might be plausible fact. Could I have been – or was currently – speaking to one of God's manifestations? An entry test of sorts?

"We can't see him," she added, "but he is everywhere in death as he is in life." She sounded so assured I had to pause to consider this. 

"But, you mean *your* God is the real deal? The Christian one?" 

"No, I'm catholic." 

"Well, okay. The Abrahamic God then?"

"Yes! But you must believe that too since you're here," she said. Then, a little conspiratorially, "Though, I think he has been a little busy. I've met some non-believers here but maybe they were virtuous in life. Just maybe not fortunate enough to have met our saviour in their time." 

I was sorely confused now. "Then how did they get in?" 

"God works" – *not this*, I thought – "in mysterious ways. And even in death we cannot know his ways." She nodded softly and went her own way as well, leaving me standing lost once again in a sea of people I did not know. If this was heaven, where were the angels? I figured if a nun were here, I couldn't possibly be in hell. Besides, no fire and brimstone. 

I slumped onto the ground and sat, unnoticed by the people that swam past me in unending waves. I stopped noticing how long I had been sitting after I realised I felt neither hunger nor pain. The sun never set and the people never stopped, and the limitless faces kept me from noticing if anyone had passed me by before. There was nothing here for me, and as much as I didn't tire physically, I felt the malaise of the mind. In naive desperation, I said an inward prayer. 

"God, if you're there... are you there? I'm in heaven now and I don't know any better if you're real. But I don't know what to do now – is there a purpose to this? Did I die to really just live for ever more?" 

The irony escaped me then but the God I was praying to would have to be someone who had some divine and unknowable power over this afterlife. It never occured to me at the time that people here might have had it wrong – God might just be sitting in a temple somewhere I couldn't see. In a room. Perhaps a palace. But the place was so vast I couldn't imagine there being one particular space someone as important as God could deign to live in. Surely he couldn't walk among us. So I looked to the sky and once again hoped for a more powerful being to make sense of things in a world that seemed plainly absurd. In looking for God, I had already killed Him. 