"I can't believe you're acting like this. And, I can't believe I'm surprised that Death is a total dick!" I could feel my cheeks getting hot. 

"Just- just humor me. So you took your-" It would have been comical how confused the old man looked, in most other situations.

"I waited in line for what felt like a year! All those pe- were all those people dead too? What, you have us queued up when we die, to rub it in even more? One by one?!" Now, I was just incredulous. "Is this what you do all day? Every day? Forever!?"

"Hold on, okay, so you moved your rook-" He drummed his fingers on the table and squinted, deep in thought. I couldn't quite make out what he was muttering under his breath.

"And you never even considered the possibility that you could lose? There's no protocol for this?! Send me back, Asshole!" Was there no prize for winning? What kind of stupid game was this?

"JUST CHILL FOR A DAMN- just. Just chill for a second, okay, so you moved your rook to-" He picked up my castle, and his hand hovered over the center of the board as he tried to remember where I'd put it.

"I moved my castle here." I snatched the piece out of his hand and slapped it down on the board. 

"Rook," he said, glancing at me over the top of his glasses, before going back to studying the board, and mumbling. "So, rook to D5, which means the...."

"Did you hear me? I said, I should get to go, now, right? What's the point otherwise?" I glanced back at the endless line of people behind me. What a bunch of poor suckers. "HEY GUYS," I started to stand up, "HEY, DON'T-"

"SIT DOWN," he grabbed my sleeve over the table and pulled me back into my seat. "Can you PLEASE just relax for a damn second. So after rook to D5, you went-"

"I moved my horse here," I pointed at a box closer to a corner. He sighed and picked up my piece. 

"Knight," he muttered, shaking his head. "It's a knight. Okay, so knight to B8....." He scratched his head.

"Yeah, and then I moved my 'priest,'" I made an exaggerated hand gesture that indicated sarcastic quotes, and picked up one of the little round ones. "Over to here," I began to move the piece, but he smacked it out of my hand.

"That's a pawn," he rolled his eyes, and picked up a longer, narrow one. "This, is the 'bishop,' not a 'priest.' Now, where did you move it, again?"

"There." I stabbed a finger down on the back row of the board. "Look, can I go? Jesus Christ."

"F2." He massaged the bridge of his nose. "Huh. Welp." He leaned back and sighed, looking at me for an extended amount of time for the first time since we shook hands before the game. "What were you saying, now?"

"Dude. Can I fucking go? I won. That means I get some sort of new lease on life, or something, right? What do I get?" He was looking at me like I was crazy.

"Uh, yeah, no. You're still dead, Squirt."

I stared at him. "Well, what the fucking fuck. I just waited in line for- for god knows how long, just to sit here, and whip your ass at your own game for nothing? What's the point of this? What's the point of anyth-"

"THAT'S THE POINT," he roared back. "The POINT is that there IS NO point! It doesn't matter! You just die. You're just fucking dead, that's it! You don't get to play for it. I'm just trying to give you sorry idiots a few final moments to chill before you have to go rattle off all the fucked up shit you did in your life, that will determine your happiness for the rest of forever."

"Oh." I felt kind of queasy. Heaven and hell, then. I hadn't lived the best life, so that was a bit unsettling. "Welp..." I stood to leave, but he caught my arm.

"Two out of three?"