Part 2 of 2.

	I do not remember the climb back up to The Fork. I don’t know if I even climbed the staircase myself. I do know the gold of the bridge to Heaven did seem duller than before. The boy began crossing the golden bridge without hesitation, but I had no desire to see Heaven. I just wanted to be with her. I wanted to save her. Nonetheless, I followed.
	The bridge was long, and I allowed the repetition of simply moving one foot in front of the other to get lost in the nothingness of a troubled mind. For most of the journey, I allowed my mind to remain blank and unengaged with my surroundings, but I also thought of her. What could I do? I couldn’t save her, for surely I am not powerful enough to challenge God or even the Devil. My life had been boring and routine. Sure, I was good with numbers and was secretly rather creative, but I had no skills that could challenge the gods. I tried to race through possible options, but my mind was too cluttered with grief and anger to truly consider these alternatives. Why her? She did nothing wrong. She…
	“And here we are,” remarked the boy, gleaming and looking upon what must be the Pearly Gates.
	“Welcome!” exclaimed a man with a full beard and wide smile. The exchange between the man and boy resembled that of a young child running to the door to greet his father excitedly having just come home from work. It was a sort of blur to me though, and soon, we were strolling along a gold trail, surrounded by every color one could imagine plus a few others. The place was enchanting, but it stood in sharp contrast to my mood like stand-up comedy at a funeral. Why her?
	“And this is our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ,” the boy exclaimed. I looked up into an intense light that forced me to cast my eyes downward in a bowing motion. Nonetheless, I noticed his arms were outstretched, ready to embrace me in a hug.
	“Did…Are…Are you the one who decides who goes to Heaven and who goes to Hell?” I asked in a flat voice.
	The outstretched arms lowered a bit, not expecting such a response to His glory. “Well, yes. I am the Lord of the Universe.” I expected a booming, glorious voice from a god, and He delivered. Nonetheless, it seemed a little fake as though He had to work to make His voice boom and be glorious.
	“Sophia,” I whispered. “Why Sophia?”
	“Umm…who?” The voice boomed a little less.
	“Sophia is suffering in Hell. She was a good person. Great even! Why is she suffering in Hell!?” My voice shrieked, and everyone nearby looked our way in shock.
	“How dare you talk to our Lord and Savior that way!” the boy yelled angrily. “Do you want to be condemned to hell?” It was more a challenge than a question.
	“How dare He condemn Sophia to eternal suffering?” I spat in a low growl.
	“Ahaha!” His voice bellowed. “Ah, Sophia! She was a good soul. In fact, I would say she was great. Unfortunately, she didn’t profess her Faith in Me. It was unfortunate, but I can’t let anyone in who doesn’t live his or her life for Me. She doubted Me, so she had to go to Hell.” He shook His head disappointingly.
	“But she saved millions! She devoted her whole life to helping others! She only cared and loved!”
	“She wasn’t a Christian though.”
	“So she gave to the poor, fed the hungry, and helped the weak, and all You care about is whether or not she did it for You!? She did it because she’s a good person!”
	“But she wasn’t a Christian. She didn’t accept me into her heart.”
	“But that’s not what matters!” I sputtered uncontrollably. “You just care…”
	“Enough,” He interrupted. “I think his fate has been decided, don’t you?” He looked to the boy. The boy hesitantly nodded his head in obedience and grabbed my arm. Two other Angels grabbed my other arm and my legs. I was helpless.
	
	The ivory floor was harder and more jagged than I had expected as the Angels threw me to the ground. Yet again, I stood before the boy, fully aware of which path I would be taking. Still, I glared unwaveringly at the boy. His face was no longer soft and his smile no longer kind. He was stern and seemed unsure of himself.
	“Why did you do that? You challenged the God of the Universe!”
	“He condemned Sophia to eternal suffering!” I quickly spat back.
	“And you thought that would help? You’ve just condemned yourself to the same fate!”
	“I know.”
	“So why would you do that?”
	“Because,” my voice could barely be called a whisper. “Because there is no Heaven without her. I would rather suffer with her than live without her.”
	“Unbelievable. You were going to go to Heaven until this incident. She’s just a girl.”
	“She’s my daughter!” A desperate anger overcame any sadness or depression I had. “She is my daughter,” I growled.
	“Who cares!” retorted the boy. “Her fate has been decided, and there’s nothing you can do about it! Now your stupid decisions have condemned you to the same fate. Do you even realize what you have done!?”
	“I questioned God’s decision, and He just can’t handle someone who disagrees with Him!”
	“Exactly,” the boy said. “You questioned Him right before his election! Do you think a god can show weakness mere months before His election?”
	“Umm…”
	“No! He can’t! The Creator, Yahweh, and the Devil are all shooting for His job! We cannot revert to the archaic dictators of the past! Sure, His requirements to enter Heaven may not be agreeable to people like you, but at least He’s better than the others!” The boy worked himself up into a fury that could no longer be continued with words.
	“He was elected?”
“Yes! He hasn’t lost in over two-thousand years!”
“I want to run against Him.” My voice was resolute and unwavering. The decision was impulsive, but what choice did I have? My jaw was tense and teeth clenched. I glared at the boy with vengeance burned into my eyes.
“Ha,” the boy chortled. “You are not even a god. Do not embarrass yourself. Take the staircase to your left and suffer with your precious Sophia.” All pretenses of kindness and softness had left the boy’s face and his voice. Only contempt and condescension remained.
“No,” I snarled, “I want to run against God.”
The boy shook his head in disdain. “You are a fool.”
“Don’t care,” I replied abruptly.
“Fine,” the boy spat, his lips pursed together. “Then, for the ballot, what is your name?”
I returned his glare. “Ted.”
“Ted who?
“Just Ted. Ted from accounting.