Lucifer, the Devil, Satan, the Rebellious, the Sin of Pride,... He went by many names. On that day, he appeared before the Pearly Gate, as a homeless Lord.

"Lucy, you know we don't welcome you here." - said Saint Peter - "You and your kind."

"Come on, Pete, I wouldn't have been here unless I have to. The prisoners staged a Coup d'état, let just be grateful I'm still alive and kicking."

"Again?" - Peter rolled his eyes. - "Would it kill you to admit that--"

"That I'm bad at ruling? I'm not. They're just too good."

"You know that's not what I meant."

"I do."

Peter glanced over his shoulder. A lone figure came, black hair ran long.

"Here's your ride." - said Peter. - "Jesus! I'm not taking the fall for this."

"Alright, alright." - Jesus unlocked the Gate - "The responsibilities lie with me."

They sat on the back of an old horse-drawn cart, Jesus' preferred vehicle, riding into town.

"What happened this time?" - asked the Savior.

"A revolution. I need a 'good guy'." - Lucifer spoke, watching the ocean of clouds before him.

"How long do you want the paperwork to take?"

"Four hours. Or five."

By the Silver City, Lucifer jumped down from the cart. Like a child, he tossed away the shoes, let his feet sunk into the bottomless clouds, cool as a summer rain. It was quite sometimes, since something soothed his flame. Too long a time.

Jesus cast away his footwear also, as the two took the road. With a mere five hours, subtracting the time it took to travel, they had not much of an option. So Lucifer decided to see the Flower Garden. Flowers, a rare delicacy to all those who live in Hell. The sunflowers turned their gaze upon the Lightbringer. Lucifer wrapped his feet two balls of clouds, eyeing a patch of chrysanthemum. The smoldering smoke leaked out of the clouds, at least it would not burn the plants.

The two strolled beneath the afternoon sun, enjoying the cool breezes. The wind, they called the flowers into life. Patches after patches, color waves ran inside the Garden, red, green, blue, yellow, violet,... Lucifer walked, inside a rainbow river. Flower petal danced in the wind, some landed on his shoulder for a moment of rest, dancing away. Lucifer caught one such petal. In his palm, it turned into ash.

"Do you want to bring some home?" - asked Jesus.

"Don't bother." - Lucifer answered absent-mindedly, releasing the burned petal into the wind. It stuck out like a sore thumb. A wingless angel in the holy flock. The Devil reached for his pocket. He gave Jesus a necklace, made of brimstone. - "A gift to mom. From her grandchildren."

The five hours had yet to run out. They moved to the Silver Lake. He always visited the Silver Lake. The night came early. A somber sun in the sky, a somber sun in the lake, and a somber sun, on the shore. Lucifer put on his shoes. The cloud had turned cold, above and below.

"He'll be so mad with you." - said Satan.

"On the outside, He might." - Jesus sat down - "You two need to sort this out eventually."

"Maybe." - Lucifer lit up a cigarette, the ashen taste calmed him down - "Do you smoke?"

"No. But I do drink." - Jesus took out two little cups from his waist bag. A scoop off the lake and a touch of the finger. He handed Lucifer one. - "Cheers."

"What for?"

"Seeing a brother again."

Lucifer took a sip. It was warm, really warm.

"Strange. I used to play with Mike and Gabe all the time here. And now, I'm with you."

"I lived some thirty years on Earth, Lucy. I hardly know any of you. That's why, in matters like this, I don't have to pick a side. Your side, or their side? Who cares?"

"I appreciate it. Really." - Lucifer stood on the water's edge. He stared at the reflection, a grey one. The Devil tossed his cigarette's butt into the lake. It stuck out like a sore thumb. A grey spot, on the pristine front. Then, the moon rose. A moon above, a moon below. On the shore, lied an ashen sun.

"Give me back the necklace."

Quietly, Jesus gave him the necklace, and a pack of tissues. Quietly, Lucifer took back the necklace, and the pack of tissues.

"Don't tell mom I was here. She'll cry."

Lucifer returned without taking his 'good guy', saying he would figure something out. It was said, that, every once in a while, Lucifer was dethroned, had to run to Heaven for help, and came back triumphantly. It was said, that, every once in a while, even the Devil was homesick.