I was walking out to my car after a long day of classes, when everything turned black. My head started spinning, I felt incredibly faint, and suddenly I smelled-something. It was a strange combination of blood, old parchment, and beeswax candle smoke. I sat down and waited for my head to clear when I noticed what seemed to be a reptilian Ewok running around in white robes. The scaly being suddenly noticed me and started screaming.
    
 "Where am I?" I asked, still dazed from my apparent journey.
     
 "Oh, oh great demon, oh hell spawn," the tiny creature started to say, "I have summoned thee from the pits of hell-"
    
 "Now hold on, I know it was like 85 degrees today, but I feel like the pits of Hell would be at least 100," I interject. The funny creature looked very confused, and started flipping through pages of some old and heavily engraved book it was holding. It opened its mouth and started mumbling, "But the tome said that the higher quality goat's blood would summon a proper demon, not some weak one from a cooler level." It stared at me for a few seconds, waiting for my reply.
    
 "Did you just call me weak? I'll have you know that I managed to squat 90 pounds this morning, which was a personal best, and I do not take kindly to that sort of insult!" Now the Dino-Ewok looked mildly worried, and certainly scared.
     
  "Have I upset you, oh great demon? My greatest apologies, but I must ask for your forgiveness. I am willing to offer my soul to receive your service," he replied, blinking anxiously. "I believed that all you human demons were willing servants in exchange for a Leroxynian soul.." At this point, I decided that simply running with this "Leroxynian" idea of humanity was my only option. So I calmly stated, "You were correct. Leroxynian souls are prized in the human world. What service may I offer you in exchange for yours?" The Leroxynian's eyes widened, and it quickly blurted out, "I want to be king!"
     
  "That's it? Sure, why not. What do you need from me to make that happen?" I politely inquired. I was no longer concerned that this weird animal would attempt to harm me, and it was clearly enthusiastic about my willingness to cooperate.
   
  "There's this tournament where all eligible candidates can get a champion and fight the king's champion to be king. I want you to be mine!" This thing was nice enough, but there was no way that he wanted a slightly above average height woman with little-to-no upper body strength. "You sure that I'm the one you want?"
     
  "Yes! Absolutely! No one has ever entered a demon before, and it isn't against the rules or anything! The King's champion is just his daughter, she's just so pretty that no one will actually fight her. So you're the perfect choice!" I decided that this would not be the best time to mention that my bisexuality, but I digress.
   
  "You know what, bud?" I smiled at it. "You seem like a nice enough... Leroxynian. So screw it, I'll be your champion."