The year is 2278.

Ever since the creation of time travel in the late 20th century, humanity has had but one goal; to kill Hitler. With the advent of the Hitler Games, came the fall of every other entertainment giant. The NFL, FIFA, NBA, even the Olympics that the world held so sacred were tossed aside in favor of the greatest sport of them all -- the assassination of Hitler. 

Because, sadly, the universe has but a single time-line, going back in time to assassinate Hitler too late often meant that you'd meet up with other contenders, even those of centuries past. For example, going back in time to kill Hitler a day before his "true" death is physically impossible, as hundreds of assassins all throughout the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd century are already there desperately trying to assassinate Hitler, in more creative ways than are really necessary. (In fact, on that day, Hitler died of a pool floatie overdose. Even the man who did the job can't quite explain how it happened.)

Regardless, this issue with time travel has led to very strange circumstances. People have been forced to kill Hitler earlier and earlier, much to Adolf's dismay. 

And eventually, much to teenage Adolf's dismay, as countless romantic moments with teenage crushes would often end with Hitler being killed by a futuristic, highly trained assassin. Often, the assassin would kill Hitler in hilarious and novel ways that every family could enjoy watching, from being beaten to death with a feathered pillow, to dying of old age (Technically still a death, even if Hitler died 94 years after. The poor man got to see his assassination thousands of times, and only loved it a couple.)

And then, to toddler Adolf's dismay. Baby steps were often met with machine gun fire and conflagration, much to the spectators delights (In 2278, much of the world's population is predominantly Jewish, which may play a role in the popularity of the sport).

But in 2278, during the annual Hitler Games, things would change. Every single other opportunity to assassinate Hitler had been exhausted, and for this year's competition, supposedly the final competition of the Hitler Games, highly trained assassins would be tasked with killing Hitler as he exits his mother's womb. Audiences were shocked. Many began to question whether or not it was ethical.

It wasn't. And it happened anyway. As Hitler began breathing his first breaths, a storm of futuristic assassins came into the room wielding weapons of all kinds: Knives, swords, a pygmy elephant, Bernie Sanders' skull, even a clone of baby Hitler meant to bash the real Hitler to death. And in a split second, baby Hitler would vanquish, killed by the skull of socialism and possibly by miniature elephant.

These moments is the glory of the future.