 I never thought much of the after life. I believed that if I died, I would just get sent to the after life for "semi-decent people." On occasion I'd think about reincarnation, and if it was real, how many lives had I lived before this? 

I woke up outside an old fashioned cinema, the kind with the large sign outside that told you what was playing. I looked at the sign, "Now Showing: Your life at 7:00" 

I looked at my watch, it was 8. Looks like I missed "Your life." According to the sign the next movie showing was "Her life" at 8:45." I decided I'd check it out. I walked up to the ticket booth but there wasn't anyone inside. I looked around and noticed the street was empty. It wasn't just empty, it was pure black all around me save for the light coming off the sign. 

It probably wasn't a smart idea to walk around in the dark, I hate the dark, so I decided the next bad idea would be to go inside the movie theater. I tried the doors and they were surprisingly unlocked. I  popped my head in and looked around, there wasn't anyone there. I crept inside and walked to the concessions. On the counter was a large bag of popcorn, some sour patch kids, and a bottle of Pibb. 

"This is...oddly specific." 

I heard sounds coming from one of the theaters. It vaugly sounded like the song I asked to be played at my funeral. I decided I'd pass up the food and peek into the theatre.

 Inside I saw a few people in the front, I assumed they were watching they ending of "Your life" and didn't want to have it spoiled for me, or ruin their movie going experience. I decided I'd return to the concessions and wait for the next movie, maybe check out the rest of the theater. As I turned around I bumped into one of the ushers. She looked weirdly familiar but I couldn't figure out why. 

"Hi there. Are you lost? Or are you new?"

"I'm sorry?"

"I'll take it you're new then. Hi, I'm Karen. I usually take care of the newbies. What's your name?"

"Kaylie..."

"Hello Kaylie! Looks like you're early. Your life is just finishing up, hey if you're lucky you could duck in real quick and catch how it ends!"

"Oh no that's okay I don't want spoilers or anything."

Karen looked at me funny, "Spoilers? Honey you've already seen 90% of your life. This is the only thing you haven't seen, well, maybe you missed your birth.."

"Is that the first movie in the seires?"

Karen laughed, "You take this whole "movie" aesthetic seriously, you and I are going to get along. Now hurry up and catch the end of your life!"

She ushered me into the theatre and it was there that it hit me. She was familiar because she was me. I watched the screen as the camera zoomed in on a picture of me on a freshly buried grave. The screen faded to black, and I heard people shouting from the front row.

"I'm getting real sick of these movies ending all the same. I want to see how the family is dealing with the death!"

"Well that's not really part of the film, I'm surprised we even got this far after her death this time!"

The lights turned on, and the four people in the theatre turned their attention to me. One guy, and three girls. Karen walked in behind me. 

"Attention everyone! This is our newest member, Kaylie. She just figured out what's going on so please, be nice to her." 

I heard the man from the front groan, "Ugh...another K." 