All I remember is that pressure on my chest. Like it's too tight to hold my lungs and heart. I swear that it imploded. But as I look down to my chest I see that everything looks normal. 

Wait...

Why am I not wearing a T-Shirt? And why does everything feel so..quiet? So warm and welcoming. 

I look around. The feeling I get from this hall I'm in doesn't fit it's appearance. Neon lights on the ceiling. An rather old and used looking carpet. Everything looks abandoned and cold. No furniture's. Yet I feel like home. This is no Hospital, right?

There is someone standing a few feet away with their back turned towards me.

Please, for the love of god. Not her. What is she doing here? I can't surely tell if it's her but it's my best guess.

I try to turn around, looking for an exit. But my body won't move. I try to walk backwards, nothing happens. I feel frightened. Not being able to move your body like you wish is something I have never experienced before. 

I move my fingers. Works fine. I can move my arms, tilt my Head. Everything seems to work except walking. I try to take a step to the side. Nothing happens.

Do I have to move forward? But this would mean that I'll meet with her. I'd rather not. 

The Person I vaguely see is just standing there. Not moving. Maybe she is having the same Problem.

"Hey!" I yell. "Hey, do you also have trouble moving your legs?"

No response. Not even the slightest sign of reaction. Now that's rude.

I can't tell how much time passes. I don't want to try to move forward. This feels even worse than trying to step into that class room where 27 other kids bully you. Why is this so hard?

I take all my courage and try to move my right leg forwards. 

"Holy shit!", I uncontrollably speak out loud as my leg moves. 

OK, forward it is. Moving my left leg forward I'm starting to think that this is too weird. I try to move my left leg back again but it won't move. What on earth is happening here? Am I having my first lucid dream? But if so, I should be able to control what's happening. I try thinking about flying. Maybe I can force this dream to make me fly.

Nope.

"Hey um..I would really appreciate it if you can at least tell me if you can hear me". One more attempt to speak to the person I can see.

"God damn it, whats taking you so long? Get over here finally." I hear in my own voice as the person I'm looking at is turning around.

He can here me...he? OK good. It's not her. That's a relief.

"Why can't I walk backwards or even sideways? Where am I? What is this place?" Maybe I can get some answers now that I have his attention.

"You'll have to come here to find out. Move it already."

His voice sounds strangely familiar but I can't tell why. Well, since I can't move backwards anyways I might just walk over and see what this is all about. I have to admit that I'm pretty scared though.

As I get closer I'm starting to realize just who is standing there. I stop moving as it rushes to my mind.

That's me! I'm standing there! That's why his voice was so familiar. It's mine. What is going on here?

I speed up my steps and quickly approach him..or..me? I don't even know.

As I get close enough to reach out to him my body stops moving again. I try to move closer to...me I guess. Nothing. Legs won't move again.

Backwards? No, why did I even tried?

"That's close enough. Relax. I will explain this all to you in a minute". It's strange to hear me say that without me saying it. This got to be a lucid dream.

"No, it's no lucid dream. This is the gate to heaven. To pass it you'll have to face the person that you hurt the most in your life. Can you take a guess who it is?"

"Wait, heaven? Does this mean I'm dead? And why are you..why am I standing in front of me talking to me?"

He sighs. 

"Yes, you are dead and about to enter heaven. For now just say that I'm your guide. Answer the question please".

Confused I look at him. I mean me. A Person that looks exactly like me. But something is different. He seems to be confident. He seems to be sure of what he's doing. I've never felt that way. So this means that this can't be me.

"Do we share the same memories? I mean, you look like me. I'm guessing that you are me...in some form." I speak, rather quiet.

He replies. "Yes, we do share the same memories. I know everything about you."

Ok. Then why does he ask me who I hurt the most. If we share the same memories he knows exactly who.

"You know who I hurt most.The one that got away. The one that I wasn't able to protect. The one that...I can't speak her name." I'm bursting into tears speaking those words.

As I stand there, crying, he moves closer to me. His arms reach out to me and pull me close to him. Is he giving me a hug? 

"It's alright. Let it all out. We never got over her, did we?"

This warm and comforting feeling I get is incredible powerful. Never has a hug felt like home.

I cry even more. If he wouldn't have hold me I would've sink to the ground like a stone in the ocean. What he says next immediately stops the crying.

"You are wrong though. It's not her."

I free myself from the hug, gently pushing him away to look him in the face.

"What do you mean, it's not her? All the pain I brought over her. It's gotta be her!"

He shakes his head, giving an understanding smile.

"No. Would you believe me if I tell you that it's you? That it's yourself that you hurt the most?"

I'm shocked. This doesn't make any sense. I'm trying to sort my thoughts but nothing will make sense. This is all too much. I want to disappear. Stop existing. A feeling I'm so used too.

"It's true. Let's take a moment to reflect. You got hurt, a lot. That's true. But you never found a way to deal with it. You never worked hard enough to overcome. You never did truly want to change, stop the hurting. Then she came. Like a thunderstorm, suddenly appearing. And it was over before you knew it. From there it all went even worse."

My throat feels sore. I want to say something but my mouth won't move. He's right. My eyes open wide as I come to the realization that I could never make. It was myself that held me back. It was not them, or her, or anyone else. It was me all along.

"You expected to love someone when you could not love yourself first. Did you really thought this would work? Loving someone else can not replace the things you feel for you. You were so fixated on the idea that you need someone to love that you forgot about yourself."

I feel like a failure. I feel like I've been wasting my time all along. How could I never get that? I was bathing in self pity all the time, every day of my life. 