It was sometime in the afternoon when Carl got a call.

“Hey, what’s up?”

The familiar voice of his friend Ryan comes out in a hurried and excited tone: “Carl, you won’t believe what I have been doing for the past week. You gotta come over here.”

“What? I thought you were sick!”

“Never mind that, I was never sick. Anyways, you have to-”

“Then what the hell made you miss a whole week of school?”

“Listen, I’ll explain it to you later. First, come to my place, quick.”

“Alright, fine. I’ll be over there in 20 minutes.”

---

“Is it recording?”

“Yeah.”

Carl stops fiddling with the camera and moves out of the frame to show a tall boy in a field with his knees braced and his hand pressed together and level with his hips. They were glowing intensely.

“Hi, so I’m Ryan. You, uh, are probably wondering what I’m doing right now. I just skipped a week of school to-“

Carl, still out of camera, interjected “So basically, this dumbass Ryan thinks he can do a k-“

“Shut up, Carl, I’m saving that for the end. Anyways, like, some time ago someone told me that you could charge attacks with your hands, and sent me that one viral video where a guy knocks down a brick wall with his bare hands. You’ve probably seen or heard of that by now. I totally thought it was bullshit, so I tried it out myself.”

“And it worked?”

“Yeah. But that got me thinking... exactly what kind of ‘attacks’ can you charge up? So I went and bought a bunch of cheap pressure testers, and kind of saw just how hard I could punch and exactly how much energy that gives. “

The camera briefly pans down to a notebook with several math equations related to pressure, then back to Ryan.

“...and I calculated just how much time you’d have to charge for to recreate a certain attack from-“

“Get to the point already.”

“Fine. You probably already get where I’m going with this anyways. So I have been charging this attack for three whole days.”

“Holy shit, three days? When you said you’d been charging that for a long time, I thought you meant for a few hours, not for fucking 3 days! You’re gonna get yourself killed!”

Just then, a phone set on Ryan’s notebook begins ringing. The camera briefly focuses on it, showing it said “Timer Done”. As that happens, Ryan begins to grin from ear to earz “That means I’ve finally charged long enough! Time to do this!” Ryan’s hands begin to emit the signature fierce blue flame that happened when an attack charged for a long time was about to be released.

Worried, Carl begins to quickly back away, bringing the camera with him. “Dude, stop, you’re gonna-“

“Too late now, Carl!” Ryan unfolded his hands into a cup and twisted his arms to his side, keeping his wrists together. The flames shifted into a sphere floating in his cupped hands.

“KA-ME-HA-ME-HA!”

&nbsp;

In the final few frames of the video, Ryan can be seen completing the move, and the flames beginning to burst forward, as Carl begins to yell “OH SH-“, but is cut off by the abrupt end of the video.

---

Carl walks into the room to see Ryan tethered to a small array of monitors, with a cast on both of his arms, and several bandages on various places on his body.

Awkwardly, Carl tells Ryan “You know you got suspended from school for lying about being sick, right?”

“Yeah, and what else?”

“You’re gonna be doing community service for, like, a few years for almost destroying the entire field?”

“And?”

“If you had charged for any longer, you might have blown both your arms off?”

“And?”

“...we broke the record for most viewed video on youtube.”

“Totally worth it.”

---

This is my first time writing. Feedback is appreciated.