Part 1 of 2

How long has it been? A thousand? Millions? I have already forgotten how long it has been since the humans started to pestering me in my abode.

It may be strange for a god to forget years but the concept of time doesn't really apply to me. A hundred years for them is the same as a weekend for myself, but they should have really halted their meaningless cry of "justice".

Yes, I destroyed more than 90% of their population but in my reasoning, humanity needed the set back.

I mean, they made war with each other over lands that they could openly share. Abused the gifts of nature that I painstakingly created for them to survive with. They developed quickly but they were also driving themselves quickly into ruination. One should say my actions to be merciful but alas, they thought I was some vile demon who came to bring to extinction.

I can't remember when they started it but they kept on sending adolescent individuals that they call "champions" in order to face me. They thought that someone of righteous heart could slay me and end my reign of terror...I don't even reign over anything right now. If I were to give an example of I ruling something then I will say that I rule over my field. I recently started taking a liking to farming after all. Other than that, I am pretty much just idling about.

"E-Evil God! Show yourself!"

On a certain day, whilst I was enjoying my tea, a voice called out to me at the border of the land that I reside in.

I guess it's that time of the year once more.

Heading to the location of the voice, I found myself looking down on a small girl....small girl.

*sigh* "... Humanity is truly foolish"

I couldn't help but pinch the bridge of my nose.

The person that stood in front of me is not the usual "champions" that they sent in order to challenged me but instead, it is a small child not even passing the age of 12.

The gaudy scabbard of the blade that she held on to, is clearly to big for her. I doubt if she can take it out it's sheath, let alone wield it.

The tears the she tries to desperately suppress  is clearly leaking out. Even her legs were shaking strongly due to fear.

I pity her even more than I usually do with the others but this just proves point that humans are foolish.

They will use just about any method in order to achieve their goals and it looks like this time they want me to face this child to make me lower my guard.

"Child, I am feeling rather merciful today. I will overlook your actions, so return back to where you came from and never return"

She shook her head strongly, rejecting my offer.

"I-I cannot return unless I defeat you. I-If I return without accomplishing that th-then I will not be allowed to enter the village"

*Truly foolish*, I thought to myself.

"Then..."

I faced my palm towards the child.

"!?"

And I lifted her from the ground, bringing her towards me.

"If you cannot return, then I will have you help me in my farm"

"L-Let me go! I have to defeat you!"

She tried to frantically escape from my hold but she cannot shake of what doesn't have substance.

"Answer me this, child. Can you really defeat me? If you have the confidence to do so, then I will erase you right now"

"..."

She quickly quieted down when she heard me.

Of course the answer is no. I am a god after all. The only thing that can defeat me is another god or a super massive black hole.

"So, what is your answer?"

"...please", she murmured quietly.

"Hmm? Speak up now"

"Let me stay, please"

She continued to hung her head down but she gave me a clear answer.

"Good... First things first, let me make you something to eat. You're all skin and bones"

She clearly hadn't been eating properly as she is smaller than children her age. A good healthy meal and proper exercise is important for a growing child.

I may be a god that dislikes humanity (past and present) but I am not such a monster as to neglect a pitiful child in front of me.