Today we go to one of the most inhospitable places on earth. It may not seem like it but danger here is always around the corner. One slip up and your social life is dead. Only the strongest will survive here. It is tough but it is also the place of young love.

Here we see the male standing alone in the corner. The males are often found alone or in small groups whereas the females in this environment form larger groups. The groups provide females with a sense of security but come at a great cost. There is a strict rule system and a strict packing order. The group protects each other but if a member breaks the strict social code of the group the punishment can be swift and decisive and the female may never recover her social stature. The females when in groups like to make exaggerated hyena sounds. This can be a great deterrent to the males of this environment. 

Here we have this young male who has been eyeing the female in the pink covering for some time now. He has been patiently waiting for his time. He started to move towards her a couple of times but lost his nerve. This time he seems determined. He slowly starts to move towards her. The group eyeing the male goes into defense mode. They form a protective posture around the pink female and make fierce hyena sounds. The male is visibly stressed but he pushes on. He carefully steps forward. What follows is an intricate dance whereas the male is challenged multiple times the females make many postures around the girls eyeing the male with suspicion and if finally the female group thinks the male is right for the girl they slowly start moving away. Using their hyena calls one last time they disperse. The male gets to the female, but this is only the first step.

Now the Male must make a series of vocal calls to impress the female. The order has to be very specific and this new male may not be able to complete it exactly. If the male makes one wrong series of calls the female can leave and the male may not get another chance. The male starts the series of calls. The female makes many gestures which the male has to understand and respond to. The dance goes on for sometime. This is the first dance for both of them so it is really special. The dance ends and male seems to have completed his goal the male has impressed the female and she appears receptive to further relationship. The male moves away with a wide mouth the human sign of happiness. This is a big step for any male in the eventual pathway to mating. The female also seems happy apparent by the reddening of her face. It seems love has flourished even in this inhospitable environment.