Im very sorry Frank, It is in your intestine, liver and kidneys, there is nothing we can do, operating would surely kill you.  
he knew it, he fucking knew it,  those pains for the last 5 or 6 months, the twinges, light headedness, but no, fuck you Frank, too much work, no time to go and see Harold, now look at you.  
The world is spinning nothing is making sense, he doesnt even realise that he has gotten up from the chair and is already out the door of the doctors office.  
"Frank? Frank, i know this is a lot to ta.."  the door has already shut and he stumbles down the stairwell and into the blinding mid day light, the sound of the traffic and the city crushing everything in his head.  
"back to the office boss?"  his driver asks  
"No Ben, home"  
"Sure thing boss"  
The 15 minutes in the back of the car from the doctors office to his estate he spends summing up the last 65 years. Businesses?, plenty. Women?, more than he can count. Money? what fucking use is that now?.  Panic now grips him,  who can he tell ? his driver maybe anyone else? he knows in heart the answer to that but he pretends to run through options just to help himself feel less cold hearted.  for too many years he has pissed on and shunned anyone who got close to him, expecting their greed to match his own so here he stands alone infront of his mansión with only days or weeks he cant even remember what Harold told him any more, maybe a month before it all ends.  
the smell of the polished leather and mahogany makes him queezy and he opens the Windows to look down over the forest that runs right down to the city limits.  Tonight he will give everything away, he will go downtown and test the morale fibre of the city, the first to pass will get everything.  
Now with some purpose the shock disipitates and he opens a large safe from behind his desk. Deeds, account numbers, ledgers he piles them all up and bundles them into the oldest looking briefcase he can find, then slipping into the staffs quarters he takes the clothes that the gardener has been using to tend the flowerbeds, stained with dirt and horse shit he almost gags at the thought of putting them on, but he does.   
He makes his way down to the garage and takes the old tyota celica, the car he keeps as a reminder of where he came from, and guns it out through the main gate and out onto the freeway after an hour of driving he abandons the car and decides to hitch, the first friendly person to pick him up will get the briefcase and that will be that, an act of kindness to undo all the wrongs and destruction he has made in the last 3 or 4 decades.  
A good 40 minutes have passed and he has walked only a few miles, the pain is constant and he has vomited more than once as the cáncer cramps and chokes his innards.  he is beginning to rethink this idea.  this is madness, he will go tomorrow to switzerland and get consultation there, Cancer doesnt get to beat Frank Bartley, Frank Bartley gets to kick the shit out of cáncer, just like everything else he decides to beat.  
No sooner has he determined this course of action when an old battered pickup slows down and stops just ahead of him.  He walks slowly to the passenger side of the truck as the window rolls down.  
"that your car back them mister? what seems to be the problem with it?"  
"Its out of gas, i forgot... its been a long day"  
"Jump yerself in here, i got a couple of gallons in the back of the truck, it will be enough to get you to the next gas station"  
"Well that is mighty kind of you" Franks  pulls himself painfully inside the cabin as the stranger does a U-turn and heads back in the direction of the Celica.  
"this is very kind of you sir, i thought i was going to have to walk all the way to the next gas station"  
"Its no problem mister i had a feeling that it was going to happen tonight"  
"What do you mean happen tonight?"  
" I drive this road every night looking for a sign" the driver said, knuckles White on the steering Wheel looking dead ahead.  "I knew the hour was coming, i knew that someone like yourself would need my help"  Frank looks arcoss the cabin and thinks he sees tears in the other mans eyes, suddenly Frank doesnt think such a weak and emotional man deserves anything much really, maybe 10 bucks for the gas and thats it,  surely his legacy should go to a stronger man.  
Before he knows it the Celica pulls into view, the driver slows to a stop and lets Frank get out and begin fishing in the long gardeners coat for the car keys.  
As the driver door opens he feels an intense hot pain in his back, and then again and again as he hears the driver weep " I knew tonight was the night".  
He falls heavily into the drivers seat and can feel his own blood fill his lungs and throat, he offers the briefcase half in defense against the stabbing and half in a plea for the violence to stop, but the driver bats it aside and begins to pour gasoline over his body, the liquid stinging and burning the wounds. 
"No" he thinks "Not like this, not now" as the driver lights the match all the while weeping " I knew tonight was the night"
