I don't remember what the sun looks like.

Hell, none of us do.

Our only light is still that same hollow white from bulbs that should have died decades ago.  Nothing in the sub should still be working, considering how corrosive the sea can be.

We've been down here so long that no one is absolutely certain how much time has passed.  Not that it matters.  We can't rise to the surface or contact any other craft no matter where we are.  

What was the last thing we were able to interact with?  Some Japanese merchant convoy or something?

When was the last time we surfaced?

Everything's so foggy down here.  Cramped and cold and stale.  It's just so difficult to think clearly, like trying to wade through waist deep snow.  Much easier to simply be, empty and unthinking.

I can't even remember if it was before or after MacArthur lied to those boys in the Philippines.  Definitely after Pearl, though.

War in the Pacific, that's for certain.  Unrestricted access to meaty Japanese targets, and boy did we sink our fair share of craft.

So long ago.  Trying to remember that time feels like trying to remember what it was like to be five years old or something.  There's a hidden nugget of something, but you can never truly find it.  Maybe a few flashy images, but nothing else.

I wonder who won the war?

None of us can pinpoint when exactly it happened or what caused it, but the debate means nothing now.  

The 'It' in question, our state of eternal patrol, seems fluid in its pervasiveness, but it holds us.  Binds us to these corridors and steel.

One day we were.  

The next day we weren't.

No one sits at their posts anymore, either.  Seems the sub follows our old patrol route regardless of user input.  No need to refuel our ancient diesel engines, no need to maintain or check air pressure or any of the thousand factors of our environment.  There is nothing anyone can do, no way to alter the course or escape.  I've tried to open a hatch myself, to let the water in and fill our lungs.  No such luck.

Our days are monotonous, empty and cold.  Always cold.

I guess I miss eating, but it's been so long since there's been anything in the mess.  It matters little.

No one is hungry.

No one is thirsty.

No one is tired.

Someone awhile ago suggested that perhaps we try to eat each other, see if we could end it somehow.  That went about as well as any other suicide attempts we've made.  Put a pistol to your head, and it misfires.  Every time.  Try to shoot the hull, to maybe puncture the steel skin and cause a catastrophic explosion, nothing.  Oh the weapons work, but we expended the ammunition a long time ago.

We have one form of respite, one semblance of who we used to be.  Sailors for the United States Navy.  

One ritual.

Alarms and sirens blare, and the entire crew runs to battle stations.  Our only companion in this strange existence shows up in the same spot.  Same craft.  

Civilian ocean liner, carrying a bunch of Pacific islanders somewhere.  I guess you could call it our mistake from decades ago, but we didn't care then and don't care now.  Japanese fleet liked to pack their crafts with troops, supplies and ammunition, and we didn't care who carried it.

We sit at our positions, and say the same words and orders we've gone through what must be a thousand times already.  

Line up the target, identify, circle, blah blah blah.

We send a few steel fish their way, silently cutting through the water to create some holes in their hull.

The sound carries well in the water, and we hear our ordinance land.  Same thing as always.

That ship breaks in half, sinking in a matter of moments.  You'd think it'd be difficult for a ship that size with so many people on board to suddenly disappear to the bottom of the ocean, but sailors know.  

I wonder what it must be like for the people on board, because you can hear them.  Trapped in cabins, sucked down by the ship itself, or clinging to debris while the sharks circle, coming closer and closer.

We cannot see, but we know.  We know of the mothers who place their children on the largest floating surfaces they can find in hope of rescue, succumbing slowly to exhaustion to be dragged below.

A rescue that never comes.

The ocean is a cruel, unforgiving bitch.  Once she has a hold of you, you're pretty much fucked. 

I can hear screams now in the waves, as if they're directly outside the sub.  Sometimes whoever is on that civilian liner gets close enough to actually bang on the side, but like robots we slink away.  

Back into the dark.

Back into the cold.

Back to patrol.

Why didn't anyone look for us?  That's the one question I can still ask myself, but I know there's no real answer.  I wonder what our families were told.  Did they even remember us?  Were they given folded flags or something to remember us by?

None of us can explain it, but we know that civilian liner lives in this same limbo as us.  Is their existence worse than ours?  Our never ending boredom, the emptiness, and always the cold and cramped quarters?  How does that compare to the dread of an imminent demise?

A silly question.  Perhaps they're afraid of their recurring deaths and drowning.  Maybe they're used to it.  If I were on that ship I'd just wait in the hull, hoping the explosion from our torpedoes kills you instantly.  

Do they even feel the water filling their lungs and throat, or the sharp, vicious teeth of the sharks as they close in?

Do the children lay on the debris, the sun beating down mercilessly until they peel and burn, slipping into the water and trying to drink the sea, mad with dehydration?

Maybe they're not even there at all.  Maybe there's just a great empty expanse above us.  Same sun, same ocean, same world.  So close but so far away.

We return to our aimless milling in the silence.  Nothing meaningful left for any of us to say.

Trapped in our tiny tube.

Always on patrol.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato