The Aquas are always so stuck up. Rich bastards who could afford to give birth on the ocean. You can tell that they just think they are God's gift, all because they can do cool shit at pool parties. Most people are just Terras. Not really useful in day to day life, but some great artists have benefited from their powers. It's pretty rare to come across a field that hasn't been messed with in some way, by some Terra or other.

There are rumors of Chernobyl babies. Every government tries to deny it, but that's just crazy enough for somebody to do. I can't imagine the super villain that would emerge from *that* vagina. 

You have your various Sand-people. Nobody mentions them that much. Mostly because they couldn't think of a cooler name than Sand-people. 

It's rumored that mountain folk are more powerful Terras than plain folk, but I think it's all just a bunch of B.S. Tourism nonsense most likely. 

There are some Eskimos, but they mostly keep to themselves. 

Then there's me. 

I can't go a day without odd looks. It sounds like hippy nonsense that you can tell a person's power by their 'aura' or whatever, but it seems like people are always noticing me. 

As I sit in this coffee shop, I can feel the prying eyes. *What's wrong with that dude?* I try to ignore it. 

"Abysseues?" The inquiry rings through the shop. People snicker. I hate my parents. What the fuck am I supposed to shorten it to, Abby?

I stand up, and the snickering stops. All eyes are on me as I walk to the counter, and pick up my coffee. I turn back around. A group of Terras are behind me. 

"Can I have your autograph?" one of them asks. I sigh. 

"Sure. You got a pen?" 

They fumble through their collective pockets. I tap my foot impatiently. They finally produce a pen. They hand it to me, and look expectantly. 

"What do you want me to sign?" I ask, irritated. 

They paw at themselves again. I sigh again. 

"Listen, I've got to get to a wedding in 40 minutes." I lie. 

They look a little disappointing at the lack of sign-able things. One of them visibly has an idea. 

"Alright fine, but could you show us?" he asks excitedly. 

I am tempted to sigh a third time. 

"It's not really safe..." I trail off. They don't move. *What the hell?* I think. *Maybe this will get them to go away.* 

I raise my hands. It is not necessary, but I am a showman. There is a shift in the air. A slight pull is felt by all. A small black hole has opened in the center of the room. I even cook in some special effects, to make sort of a light show around the room. I do like this part, but I'm not an idiot. The strain I show is not an act. I have to focus incredibly hard not to destroy the surrounding area. Hell, maybe even the world. Black holes aren't really something you should fuck with, believe me. 

The group moves toward the hole, oohing and awing. The coffee shop is now in a state of total amazement, as the people who had been staring at me before finally realized who I was, and what was happening. Everyone crowds around the hole. 

I can't take the strain anymore, and stop. I almost fall forwards. There is a round of applause. I collect myself, breathing more evenly. I look up. The crowd has moved forward to me. Some of them have small pieces of paper, and are jutting forward pens at me. 

*Shit.* I think. I contemplate ending it all. Summoning a black hole that I make no effort to control. I would never do it, of course, but it feels good to think about. 

I sigh a third time as I take the nearest pen. 

___

/r/Periapoapsis