I first laid eyes on him in Troy. 

We were sheltering from the oncoming forces in a temple near the outer walls. The soldiers were watching the perimeter while women and children waited inside. And he appeared, right smack bang in the middle of all of us. Almost knocked over our wine table. The soldiers were terrified, they thought someone had breached the walls, even if they couldn't work out how. They dragged him away, all the while he attempted to explain the impossible... he had simply appeared out of nowhere. 

I didn't get the chance to speak to him then. That wouldn't happen for another 40 years, when I was wandering the plains of Sparta. I was heading to a small town at the top of a mountain when I slipped on a loose piece of rock and fell... but the fall never came. He had again appeared out of nowhere. I turned and saw him. A shockingly handsome boy of maybe 23 years. I went to thank him, but before I could get a word out he shouted "Where is King Arthur? I need to find him!" he thrust a golden wine cup in my face, gesturing as if it would mean something to me. "Arthur? What a funny name" I replied, before informing him that since the last city siege, we had no king. And we had certainly never had one by the name of Arthur. He walked me the rest of the way to the town, and I could barely get a word out. I just stared at him. This gorgeous, fascinating man.

We had our first date in the gardens on Babylon. We sat in cool grass as I lay in his arms. He told me I would see something amazing. And within the hour I did: A shooting star, bright white as it danced across the sky. "How did you know that was going to happen?" I asked him "Are you one of those star-readers from the far east?". That's when he told me. 

He was a traveler. Not just a traveler of the land, like me, but of time. He never knew how long he would be on one place, and he never knew where the next place would be. He would just disappear, and re-appear without a moment's warning. While he couldn't decide where he would be next, he was convinced that he could sometimes influence the outcomes. "I noticed you that very first night, in Troy" he said "I saw something in your eyes that I've never seen before. Every night since, I've dreamed of meeting you again. When I saw you again in Sparta and you hadn't aged a day, I knew you were special, like me". 

We made love for the first time on a Greek island in the middle of a religious festival. I was watching the priestesses perform a sacrifice when he appeared on the edge of the crowd, waving. I left my seat immediately, and spent the rest of the night locked in passionate embrace on a secluded, white sand beach. 

I've lived my entire life waiting for him. I never know when he will appear next. Sometimes it's months, sometimes decades. I wander the world seeking knowledge. It started out as a noble quest to make the most of my potentially infinite time here. Now it is simply a method of keeping myself busy until I see him again. 

Sometimes he appears as a sprightly young man of 20, enthusiastic and full of energy. Sometimes he is a more mature, slightly greying man, a silver fox. I kind of prefer the more experienced one personally. Sometimes he is too old and withered to make love, and we simply lie together in each others arms, fortunate for all the time we have.

I've seen war, famine, the rise and fall of empires, religions, and entire races. I've seen the world change. The only constant I've ever known is him. He may not be here now, but I know I will see him again someday. And that hope if all I need to keep me going. I love a man who can never stay, and he loves a woman who can never die. And I could not be luckier. 