It was an average day in Brooklyn for me. I woke up as I did every morning. With a bottle of henny in one hand and some popping music on my phone in the other. Gave me some energy. I was a real street soldier. Put in a lot of work in the streets and did sometime in pen. I lived through 10 ghettos throughout my life and I had just moved to one of the best ghettos Brooklyn had, ya feel me. There was like my new hood and in between like a Spanish and white neighborhood. So everything was real calm. Wasn’t like Brownsville. Shit was worse than Iraq and Afghanistan. But now I was living it easy. I knew some homies out here in my new hood. Like my homie, Jah Jah. He was mad short but like he had muscle and was good at ball. Then there was my other homie we called triple threat because of all the works he put in the street. And then there was my other homie, newest addition to the crew Big J. He was a dropout from the high-school by hear and wanted some street cred and a new life. So we gave him it. He was hella fat so when we jumped him, I dont think it bothered him that much. Anyways. I got in my regular fit. Brushed my hair. Put on my durag. Wore some fly clothing and went out to the corner store to hang with the homies and patrol our spot. 
      I gave my homies the pounds and dab ups. Let em know everything was cool. We hung out in front of the corner store. Watching who went in. Said hi to the pretty girls who was walking in. Whenever we watched one of us rejected it was hella funny. So me and my homies chilling. Smoking bud and listening to music until Big J pointed out something to me. Across the street some scrawny white dude just looked at us and the store. We ain’t suspect he was 5-0 because if he was the cops he would’ve tried to arrest us. We thought he was one of the dudes on the block druggies or as we call them clients. So we paid him no mind.
      Until this kept going on for about a week straight. And we sort of stopped thinking he was a drug client because he never approached any dude here. He just stared at us. And sometimes went in the store. Then me and homies decided that he was a undercover cop watching us. Trying to bust on something. Get his promotion. Lock us. Members of the community up. So I tell Jah Jah to press his pasty ass. So I see Jah Jah go over and talk to him. And Jah Jah comes and tells me. The dude. Isnt a cop or a drug addict. Hes just some white boy playing pokemon Go and wants to challenge us. Me and my crew all disappointed and relieved because I was about to tell triple T to go smoke him soon. And at first. We was gonna scare him away. But Big J told us that might make him come back again and we thought of a new plan. So I told everyone. Lets show him the dangers of hood life. So he could leave and none of us get life for shooting a scrawny white dude. 
     So the next day I come to the store strapped and all and meet up with my crew. I tell everyone to walk as if we was walking to my crib and everyone followed me. And as we’re walking. We see this white dude following us. So we turned the corner and cut through the very quiet  and empty part of the hood and as the white dude follows, we start pressing him. I get Big J to hold him down and I get triple T and Jah Jah to be lookouts. I whip my gun out and pointed it at the dude. “Hell you want following us!” I yell. “what?!” The man says, terrified. “I said! Why you following us man?! You wanna get smoked?!” This dudes face turned red and full of tears and snot. It was kind of gross.  “I just wanna capture the pokemon you guys are attracting.” I didnt know what the hell he was talking about. “What you mean attracting?” I shouted back. He explained how these virtual pokemon kept coming near us and he kept catching ones he hadnt found before. “Drop him Big J” I said as I put my gun away. We all huddled up among each other and we told the white guy not to move. “What we do. We aint want him to know we G’s he might tell po po” Big J said. He did have a point. “ You said he was looking for pokemon, right.” I said. ”Yeah,” Big J said. ”Then let him catch some by them Puerto Ricans.” I said. “Thats cold G, I like it.” triple T said. 
    “AYO WHITE BOY.” I shouted. “you want some Pokemon right?” The white guy nodded yes. “You see that store with them dudes playing dice.” The white boy nodded yes again. “Go by there. They got way more pokemon. And if you want their help, just yell out SUWOOOO at them real loud.” The white boy smiled and picked himself up and went to the store. Me and my homies made a run  for it to Jah Jah house to smoke. And that white boy. Last we saw him come back to the hood. 


( hopefully its ok. I do not mean to demean anyone of being white or make racial stereotypes. As someone who grew up around people like my character in the story. I only wrote from what I know.) 