So, here we are. The Defiance sector - the most thriving part of the Milky Way. Humanity has built a prosperous colony here, after the exodus from Sol to avoid being swallowed whole by the Sun's gigantification. And I, Aeternitus, have guided them here from start to end. The people practically worship me now, building statues and shrine in my honour. All because of a spiteful deity from my old times. Sometimes I feel like I should thank Him.

It all happened some 7.6 billion years ago. I was just a humble, nameless shepherd back then. My home was located in what would become the Roman Empire, and then the Kingdom of Italy, the Republic of Italy, and so on. Life was simple back then. I woke up in the morning, had breakfast, brought my goats out to graze, looked out for wolves, guided the herd back in the evening to make myself a scrumptuous meal.

So how did I get tangled with a deity, you ask? It all happened one day, when I was on my routine. I saw a wolf prowling, waiting to harvest my flock for dinner. I didn't run back to village and cry - I heard of a boy in Hellas who did the same but nobody believed him. And I was no boy already. So I hid in the bush waiting for the canine to strike.

And strike it did. Seeing the goats' herdsman - me - absent, it ran down the hill to have a taste of mutton. If only it didn't happen to run past the bushes.

I struck with my staff in the back of the pooch. The wolf whimpered and slumped. I took the time to rally my goats back home. After making sure all goats were present and accounted for, I locked up my hovel and  slept.

At midnight, a howl woke me up. I went outside to have a looksie.

It was the wolf itself alright. To be more correct, a muscular man wearing the hide of a wolf.

"You! How dare you deny me food! You have let a god starve!"

"You? A god? Please."

"Have you no shame in defying me like this?"

"Look, I was protecting my herd from you. Who you are was not relevant to that time."

"Insolence is still insolence. You shalt be punished. I will curse you with eternal life. You will be forced to see millions die before you. Through wars, famines and senseless violence, until the day the Sun's flames engulf this world! And I shall grant you the name Aeternitus. So you shall never forget!"

The sky suddenly filled with thunder and lightning. After that nothing happened. Or so I thought. The wolf man claiming to be a deity disappeared. And I…

I lived past the age when I would have died. I continued to live incognito for thousands of years in that village. Soon enough the village was turned into what you know as Rome. Word is, the descendants of the wolf deity raised the founders.

As for the story of how I led humanity away from the inferno, that's another long one. Come again if you have time. I have plenty of it…