"Oh god, what is it now, you git of a parrot?"

"I'm not parroting."

"You are just like every goddamned acquaintance, 'friends' and unsurprisingly people who hate me, all of you said the same goddamned thing."

Sitting on a chair had never been so tiring. Mentally.

"Look, i known you for years."

"Centuries."

"Fine, centuries- Anyway, you know if Edgar Allan Poe had live as long as you did, he could be charged for murdering people for churning out shitty, sad stories."

I look at my dear friend who had been my drinking buddy for centuries. The first time i met him, he was drinking while drowning in his sorrow. He got over after a few round of wild nights.

"Leave it, you only lived two hundreds years, so you don't know how fun is it to live long and i ain't no Edgar Allen fucking Poem."

Fed up, I got up from my chair and left the bar. After i left and walked about five minutes, I arrived at my apartment complex and entered.

Reaching to where my apartment was, I found the landlord standing in front of my door.

"The hell you're doing?"

He sighed.

"You're still alive it seems."

"Yeah, so?"

"You been living here for almost a millennium, don't you think being dead is better? No more responsibilities? No more worries?"

"Sod off, i'm trying to break the world record for the longest living human."

I brusquely shrugged him off, ignored his protest and entered my apartment. If i still like living, i'm gonna stay alive as long as i want.

The house phone rang.

"Who is it?"

"This is the death ministry."

"I didn't request a professional help on how to die."

"Well, few concerning people close to you asked us to open your eyes to the poss-"

"Shut the fuck up, i still want to live so back off before i call my lawyer."

I forcefully shoved the house phone and ended the call.

Before immortality was fully realized, i'm pretty sure a lot of people before that wanted it. Hell, the only way i let go of my life if some cosmic, unimaginable being pry it from my cold, dead, body.
