I knew this contest would be the death of me. A last grand gesture of my father to ensure the rest of his aristocrat friends had something to be entertained by before a new king was crowned. It wasn't like him in his wisdom to search for bloodshed. It wasn't right, but I was the only one fit for the job.


I'd been at his side forever, even on his deathbed while my brothers conquered, pillaged, or negotiated their ways into fame and fortune. My practice at the sword was done in theory only, training in the castle yard. I figured this would be my end, the reward for my hard work and loyalty, and it wasnt fair.


So as I approached the empty altar my heart was heavy with dread and anger. I knelt before it, offering up my sword.


"Gods of our world, worthy of far more than praise, I ask you for your aid. As my brothers have received boons before me, I too ask for a boon. They have spent their lives searching for fame and fortune, but I search for justice only in terms of this tournament. I wish to survive this tournament and come out as king, the position I have trained for my whole life. Give me this boon and you will forever be praised by my people, and I will live my life according to how you'd want me to live, presiding as king over this great land, a humble servant to you just as I had been before to my father. I, Prince Kharos, beseech you for your gifts in this upcoming battle."


Then I waited in silence for too many moments before a chill ran over me. The candles' flame went blue. Someone had answered my plea, but it felt like I had been instead targeted. I stood and turned to face a dark-hooded man with his hands behind his back, face looking down and away from me.


"It is foolish, Kharos, to promise praise from a nation before knowing who your benefactor will be. You may find them unwilling, but I don't require it from them. I've gone on unacknowledged for many years now and I'm used to it."


The face turned up to look at me, hood peeled back to reveal the face of the dead king.


"But... Father it can't-?"


"And it isnt." He responded, before that face faded away to reveal an impassive looking skull. "It is an inevitable truth that all shall meet me at the end of their days, your father was no different. And neither will you be." Death spoke, letting his head fall again.


"Your brothers bring many to me. But how they do it brings me no pleasure. To receive these suffering souls to my arms and hear their cries that they were cut short, without reason, or that they had families, or goals, or that they were just starved children with entire futures ahead of them. The sadness they bring to my doorstep is an injustice I want you to repair."


At first I said nothing, unsure of what he meant by repair. Then I began to understand.


"Many who come to my embrace come with tears on their face. It isn't right. I think that this suffering has gone on long enough. Defeat your kin, subdue instead of kill. Rule your kingdom to prosperity and happiness, so that any death that comes from it comes from long and fulfilled lives, so that those who come to my arms no longer cry into my cloak. Teach your people to live well, and die knowing that things are alright." Death said, raising his head once again. His face had taken the shape of my mother's.


"Go forth, Kharos. You will find justice and victory." She said, and a kind of peace washed over me.


"Yes lord. I will do all that you ask."