Keiko stood stiffly as Miles squeezed her arms and shook her, consumed by urgency. "We have to hurry back! Hundreds of years are passing as I speak!!!" His face was twisted by a mix of fear and excitement - an expression Keiko had grown to know well. Julian had been away for weeks now, and Miles appeared to be slipping into one of his regular delusions that seemed to flare up whenever his best friend was unavailable. 

"Miles, I understand that it feels very real to you, but it seems pretty unlikely that one family would have this happen to them three times... I mean, it was already pretty unusual the first time when you were imprisoned by that alien race and forced to live a whole lifetime in jail in your mind, and the second time when Molly disappeared through a time portal down on Bajor was an extraordinary coincidence. What do you think the chances are that our sonic shower has become a gateway to another dimension with, surprise surprise, a time dilation effect? Maybe I should call..." "KEIKO this isn't a dream or a delusion - I've built us a house on in beautiful valley; there are ACRES and acres for you to landscape with any variety of plant. I've worked the soil and made it all ready for you! Sure, thousands of years have now passed since we started this conversation and I'll have to start over again from scratch, but that's okay! It can't possibly be more frustrating than what I do here on the station! The kids can come too, and they'll always be safe there with us. And best of all, any time we want to come back, no matter how long it's been, we can step right back into our lives here as if nothing happened! I can come back and be Chief of Operations... whenever I want. Or not."

Keiko looked imploringly into her husband's eyes. "Miles, please! I know you're finding it hard to keep up at work, and there's always something to fix - something wrong. But that's who you are! That's what you do - what you're best at. Running away to hide in the shower has never helped before, and it won't help now. Just go talk to the Captain and tell him you need more staffing opened up in your department. I'm sure he'll understand. Look how helpful he was when I wanted to open the school! He gave me whatever I needed; maybe you just need to be more honest about what you need, instead of always making do."

Miles threw his hands up in the air, raising his voice; "Keiko this is ridiculous! I'm leavin' and you can come or not." and with that Miles stamped off to sit in the shower and build a new world all over again. This time he'd build a racquetball court so Julian could come stay when he got back from the conference "HE'LL appreciate all of this." Miles mumbled to himself, as Keiko went back to tending her Idran hybrids carefully. Sometimes she missed life on The Enterprise; Miles may have been bored in the transporter room, but at least he wasn't so stressed he had to concoct fantastical alternate dimensions to escape his job. 

"Sisko to O'Brien - we have a situation on upper pylon 2 that needs your attention immediately. Kira will meet you there." "Yes sir..." Miles said sadly, putting aside his plans for the racquetball court for the time being. 