If you cannot feel emotions, live feels bland, meaningless.
I had no focus, lived without actually living.
That's why he talked me into putting up that box.

Quickly people came and filled it with their emotions.
I would say that I was overjoyed, but I obviously wasn't.

But when I opened it, I was engulfed in a world far worse than the blankness of before.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Darkness, it's all I know now. 
It's like people spitting on beggars. People donated their nightmares, their insecurities, their love for the deceased.

Maybe it was the endless stream of depression and misery that turned me sinister, maybe it was always in me, or maybe it was just another donated emotion. 
It doesn't matter.

I can't look into the mirror anymore. 
I can't...........
There is only one thing I can still do.

I knew god considers suicide a sin, but after being constantly terrified for eternity, even that cannot scare me anymore.

As the blood left my veins, first flowing, later only dripping, I felt my life vanishing with it as my very essence mixed with the clouds beneath me, turning them to crimson.

"You know what future waits for sinners", his voice echoed from all sides. "You shall be banished, Lucifer".


I forgot about the box. After so many years, I embraced the terror, became one with it, led it guide my emotions.

People kept on throwing their worst at me, and I threw it back at them. Droughts, Famines.

But today, a man made it thew the crack that connects this place to the mortal realm, sneaked past my guards and made it to my thrown.

I sighed "Another adventurer trying to kill me?"

He just shook his head

"Ah, wanting my three golden wisps of hair?"

He shook it again.

"I just wanted to give this to you personally", he said.

Before I could smite he had stepped up to me and.....

....and hugged me.

In this moment the eons of torment left me through my eyes. Crying enough to fill entire oceans, but he didn't turn away. Not even my disgusting looks, shaped by hell, could scare him away.


