"Hey there everyone. Um, so yeah, you probably haven't heard of me before."

Jack shuffled his feet and glanced around the massive room nervously. "I'm the, ah, eBook good, I followed after the New Testament god, Jesus, and his predecessor, Yahweh. I'm not really good at the whole rules thing so I kinda let stuff just... slide."

A few people coughed loudly. Jack gulped as sweat rolled down his head.

"Who the hell is this guy?" a man sitting in the front row asked his wife. She shook her head.

"I'm ah, Jack. I don't really um, do much. I'm just like, a libertarian god. I figured instead of being heavy handed or beating people over the head with morality, I'd kinda just live and let live, you know?" Jack sheepishly grinned, though it was a weak effort. It felt fake sitting on his face like that.

"You are pathetic! My people have been under my control ever since I took over, you slacker!" Muhammad and his wife Alisha were sitting in the front row. His gaze burned through Jack like heat vision through paper. "Weak! Pathetic! No wonder we will crush the infidels in this next century! You can't even look me in the eye when you speak!"

A small wave of laughter rippled through the front of the crowd. Allah shook his head, disappointed in the whole thing.

"At this rate, I may even beat back all your filthy western degenerate followers in just the next decade!" Muhammad grinned from ear to ear as he stroked his beard. 

"N-not so fast. Don't you remember what this is all about?" Jack cleared his throat but it caught and made his voice crack a little when he saw Muhammad glaring at him. "T-this is about the uh, the elections for the new Christian god."

"Pah! New god? You haven't had a god capable of defeating me for millennia! Bring the candidates up! We'll see if any don't cower before my might!" Muhammad rose and shook his fist at Jack enthusiastically.

"There's no need for that." said a voice from the back of the room. Everyone froze. Muhammad turned slowly towards the back.

"Who spoke out of turn? I will not tolerate this disrespect!" His wife shook in terror. He was a vicious man when he became angry.

From the back of the dimly lit but inexplicably vast room, appeared a light. Golden and soft at first, then slowly becoming brighter and brighter as the man's voice rose in power. "We will no longer stand and sit idly by while you terrorize the world with your debauchery and violence. There is no need for any other candidates, I am the only one capable of bringing it to an end."

Muhammad felt a shiver crawl up his spine as the light grew brighter. "You... it can't be... I thought you were..."

The light now illuminated the entire room, even the darkest corners of the room. Several vermin scurried out the door as they had not expected to be revealed.

"For too long have I watched as my country, and even the entire world, fell into total chaos and disarray. I came, not because I wanted to, but because I had to, as have many of the world's most powerful rulers."

His golden hair, massive muscles, and firmly toned body were matched only by the sharp suit he was wearing. He slowly walked up to Muhammad and stared him down. Muhammad felt small, mainly because he had been born in a time when the average height for men was 5'5", and also because the strangers hardened gaze showed no mercy.

"You don't f-frighten me! I have armies at my command! Followers willing to give up their lives to live in a paradise with me! What could you possibly hope to achieve against me?"

The man grinned a deep, humiliating grin. "You can keep your armies. We have a God Emperor now."