The Shudderwock is a close relative of the Jabberwocky, only twenty times more annoying. Its natural habitat is the temperate deciduous forest, such as those found in Central and Western Europe. Though highly intelligent and fully capable of constructing any abode which suits their flighty tastes, they generally prefer to snuggle within large cavities dug out in the damp undergrowth, complete with a canopy of fallen leaves on top for disguise. They pass most of the year in that fashion in a state of semi-hibernation, sequestered far away from human civilization, for if there is anything they hate more than their arch-nemeses, the centaurs, it is the company of any other living being.

Which was the primary reason why Mungor, upon cracking upon one scaly eye to find that he was *not* in his homehole, but instead in the middle of an fenced enclosure, drenched in sunlight from the open sky above, and with a dozen humans watching him from beyond the barbed wire to boot… why Mungor was so *flamingly pissed*.

“Bastards!” he said, flapping his wings to accentuate his screech. He saw a few of the humans double over in pain, clapping their hands to their ears, but that wasn’t enough to soothe him. “I was in the middle of a *bloody* nap! Did you know how long it took me to dig that damn hole? And to find one far away enough from my pest of a sister? Bastards!”

Mungor stalked to the fence, then tore down a post with a mighty swipe of his claws. Electricity crackled along the wire, but it barely slowed him down. His talons poised in the air, wound up for the next blow, he was a single step away from freedom.

“Stop! Stop! Please, great Shudderwock, stop!” One of the humans stepped forward, and there was a bearing to his shoulders which suggested he was the alpha amongst them. “Stop! We mean you no harm!”

“Were you the one who brought me here, little turdling?”

“Yes, it is I, Titus Drayford, famed explorer and hunter! I came across you in my travels, and I thought only to give you a better home!”

It would have been effortless for Mungor to strike the human down where he stood, but as the haze of anger cleared somewhat, and Mungor’s other senses managed to reclaim some measure of audience in his mind, a couple of… unusual features of his new surroundings began to clamor for attention.

There was the fact that the humans did not seem to be particularly afraid of him, which was not the sort of reaction he had been expecting, especially given the others he had come across over the centuries. Then there was the fact that besides a twinge of a headache from whatever tranquilizer they must have applied in order to transport him here, he was otherwise unhurt, which again was unexpected. In his experience, humans tended to prefer to apply fire and oil to him, not tender loving care.

Then, of course, there was the fact that beyond his enclosure, there roamed a *fantastic* assortment of all the other creatures who he had not seen since the Progenitor Master Race had beamed them all down onto this dreary rock together with an entire container-load of dinosaur bones. 

Just paces beyond, a pair of phoenixes were craning their necks to observe the commotion, as bloody nosey as he remembered. A couple of shug-monkeys hung from the branches of a nearby tree, their claws neatly trimmed and painted, their eyes glazed with disinterest. Chimeras, fauns, harpies, rocs, arachnae, tanuki… just milling about, shambling along from point to point, while a bevy of other humans tiptoed around in groups taking photographs with their smartphones.

“Am I… in a *bloody zoo*?”

Titus grinned, but his mirth was short-lived. The smile slid off his face so quickly that Mungor couldn’t help but wonder if he was seeing things. “No, not exactly,” said Titus. “You see, you’re on an island, an island I have purchased. I charge people a small fee to visit all the wonderful creatures I have collected along my journey, and in return they get to contribute to the upkeep of these wonders of the world.”

“Well, thank you Titus, for taking a whole two minutes to confirm my understanding that this was a zoo,” said Mungor. “But I want no part of this. I hate you. It’s not personal. I hate everyone. I just want to go back to where you found me. And I would rather do it without killing anyone, please.”

“Hear me out, Shudderwock. All manner of life you see here are here on their own accord! I may have kidnapped you, but I assure you, you are free to leave anytime you want. And if you should want to stay, then well, you are more than welcome to.”

“As I said, I’m leaving, thank you very much.”

“I am a man of my word,” said Titus. “But before you leave, I only ask one favour… you wouldn’t have happened to see a Bigfoot out there in the world, have you?”

Mungor had already primed himself to take flight, but the sheer tangent on which Titus had wrenched the conversation only piqued his curiosity.

“Big… foot?”

“Yes! Bigfoot! You know, about *this* tall, lumbers about in a state of perpetual funk, white fur, stout legs? Bigfoot? I’ve been looking for it my *entire* life, but the only luck I have seems to be running across all the others like yourself, no offence.”

“Yeah, of course I know where-”

In the distance, a safari jeep crashed into a boulder, and the horrified screams of the passengers cut through the air. An explosion followed closely, then Mungor was aware of a brown blur streaking towards them. The newcomer barreled into Titus, then shapeshifted after the two finished rolling around in the dirt.

“Titus!” said the werewolf. “Emergency! Accident! Quick, help them!”

Titus staggered to his feet, then stalked away, yelling commands into his walkie-talkie. Mungor narrowed his eyes, and took a couple of steps back. This werewolf seemed *extra* deranged to him.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” asked the werewolf, once Titus was out of earshot.

“What do you mean? And you can’t go shifting in the daytime, you know. That goes against the script.”

“If I didn’t create that distraction, you would have gone and told him where Bigfoot was, wouldn’t you? Idiot!”

Mungor extended a claw. “I’m *not* an idiot, and I don’t know what all of you are up to, but-”

“Don’t you see? Once he finds Bigfoot, his quest ends! He wouldn’t give two shits about the rest of us on this island anymore! There are still so many of us out there waiting to be rescued and brought to this paradise, and you want to go ruin it for everyone? Such a typical Shudderwock!”

“You’re insane. I’m telling him what he wants to know, then I’m returning to my-”

The werewolf shapeshifted again, then sprang up onto Mungor’s shoulder. Perched there, the werewolf panned Mungor’s head around the enclosure. “Look around you! We’re all safe here! Food, water… acceptance, even, by all the humans who come here! No more hiding in dank holes, no more wondering where the next meal comes from!”

“Spare me, cubface! Don’t you know that humans have a penchant for being cruel!”

“No, trust me! There’s none of that here! There are a couple of Satyrs who have been picked as ambassadors for AT&T, and they have been given free internet access! Anytime we want, we upload a few pictures of us lying around looking sickly, and voila! The activist groups swarm the island the next day, and then everyone gets extra rations! It’s the life here, trust me!”

“I… I don’t know…”

“What’s there to know!” said the werewolf. “Look, they’re even filming a movie about all of us, I swear. I’ve read the script. Titus builds the island up until we overpopulate, then we rampage, then Titus escapes with a blonde or two. *Then they make the same movie again, just five or six more times!* It’s free money all the way, man! Don’t ruin it by telling him where Bigfoot is!”

“But… I’m not…”

“Please,” said the werewolf. “Don’t do this to us. There’s a bunch of schoolkids coming to visit next week, and I’m told at least one of them will accidently fall into the werewolf pit. Please, man, do a brother a favour, would you? Just try it out for a week? See if you like it?”

Mungor sighed. The damned werewolf had shapeshifted again, and it was now holding its paws under its chin, and its eyes had swelled to the size of saucers.

“Damn it, fine. I’ll see if I like it. But cubface, tell me one thing first.”

“What’s that?”

“There ain’t no bloody centaurs on this island, right?”

---

/r/rarelyfunny
