"Fuck it. Call Cthulhu, now." The General's voice echoed through the command room.

"Oh, all right then. Where are the obsidian candles and virgins' blood?"
 
The General sighed inwardly. This wasn't how it was supposed to go-he'd seen enough movies to know that. He'd been expecting a loud collective gasp, followed by a woman fainting and falling into the arms of a nearby soldier. Or for someone to say "Sir, is that really a good idea?". Or for a dramatic music score to play in the background as they readied the ritual. Hell, even a " Surely not!" would've been nice, as opposed to his subordinates semi-bored manner. Some of the guys even rolled their eyes at his melodramatic tone of voice. It all seemed very... Unfitting, to say the least, to summoning evil incarnate and sacrificing mortal souls to make him do their bidding.

In retrospect though, he had been using Cthulhu a little too often lately. Harnessing otherworldly demonic power was addictive-the first time he'd called on the Old Ones had been a few years back. The world was on the brink of nuclear war, and he had a hundred men sacrificed to the ancient god in return for peace. It had gotten to the point, though, where he sacrificed his daughter's guinea pig so his notebook would unfreeze. Cthulhu had actually rolled his eyes at that one. Considering the being had over a hundred eyes, it had been a fascinating display.

Soon, the ritual was ready. The candles were lit, the bloody symbols scrawled, and the goats sacrificed. Dark chanting filled the room.
The General stood in a protective pentagram as Cthulhu materialized before him. Even though it seemed impossible for a aeons-old deity to look lethargic, he managed to do so.
"Yeah, what is it now?" said the many-tentacled god, boredom dripping from every word.
The General blinked in surprise. "What happened to "What mortal scum dares summon me, the Destroyer of Realities and Lord of the Old Ones?"" he inquired, as soon as he regained his speech.
"Oh, you know," retorted the abbys lord bitingly, "getting summoned from eternal banishment from this sphere of existance to do housework really changes your perspective on life. By the way, you could've just waited five minutes for that notebook to unfreeze, instead of-" 
"Yes, yes, thank you Cthulhu." the General hurriedly cut him off. "Unfortunately, we've got a bit of a situation here. A aliens-destroying-the-world situation, to be precise. Think you could help us out? I'm sure there are some unsacrificed virgins lying about here somewhere if you do..." He let the last sentance hang in the air enticingly.
Cthulhu cracked his knuckles. Considering how many appendages he had, this was a long and arduous task.
"I'll see what I can do," he replied finally.



This is my first post on WritingPrompts, hope you enjoyed it! Feedback and constructive criticism would be appreciated. Also, I'm on mobile, so apologies for shit formatting.