**Lunch Box of Emotions**  

Life tastes like a peanut butter sandwich without the peanut butter.

I was born without emotions. I saw laughter, tear and anger but never understood what they meant... until I found the lunch box.

The lunch box was hidden under the rubble in the abandoned lab of a mad scientist. It was not the kind of box I like. I like those treasure boxes in fairy tales, filled with mysteries and surprises.  Instead, it was a gray and coldhearted metal box, like a medical equipment.  A plate on the lid called it the Lunch Box of Emotions.

The box did not have emotions, but it had a mirror. Whoever looked at the mirror would have their emotions captured, and if I put a sandwich at the bottom of the mirror, it would capture the taste of the emotions. 

I put the lunch box outside my house, with a sign explaining what it does.

First an angry youth passed by, he was angry about his friends and his family, his city and his country, the politics and the environment. He read my sign and gladly donated his anger into my lunch box. He left as angry as he came.

I tasted the sandwich spread with his anger--too spicy. If that's what emotion tasted like, I was disappointed.

Then came a bitter old lady. She lamented her lost youth, her lost beauty, her lost love and her lost lottery ticket. She read my sign and donated me all her regret.

I tasted the sandwich made with her regret--too bitter. If that's what emotion tasted like, I was disappointed.

Then came an old man wearing a tin-foil head. He always worried about the government was going to get him or the alien would kidnap him. He read my sign and donated me all his fear.

I tasted the sandwich made with his fear--too salty. If that's what emotion tasted like, I was disappointed.

Then came a happy little girl. She was happy because she was playing candy crush. She donated all her happiness into my lunch box.

I tasted the sandwich made with her happiness--too sweet. If that's what emotion tasted like, I was disappointed.

Twilight came and no one else passed by. I was still hungry, so I mixed all the sandwich together. It tasted a bit sweet, a bit salty, with a hint of bitter and spice, like a peanut butter sandwich with a homemade peanut butter. 

If that's what emotions tasted like, I regret I couldn't taste it earlier.
