I didn't see the surprise that flashed across his face for the shortest moment.

"Oh, our.. er.. scans on your brain showed that your voice had a ninety percent chance of being female. You should probably take those pills now, before it's too late. They're totally safe, I promise you."

"R-right," I murmured, accepting the glass of water he gave me.

*No! Don't take the pills!* the voice screamed inside my head. *He's lying.*

I frowned. "She's telling me not to take the pills..."

"I guess that's normal, she doesn't know what's going to happen to her. Don't worry, we've got this covered. Who would you listen to? A qualified specialist or some random voice inside your head?" He smiled to reassure me.

"She's never really been a bother though, but I guess that's true."

I tried hard to ignore her inner frantic shouting as I downed the water and the pills.

And everything turned to pitch-black in an instant.

\-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Waking up with voices in my head was a new experience. The first appeared on Monday, and then another one two days later. And every time I go to sleep, I wake up somewhere else, like the sofa or the floor of my living room. I really needed to get myself checked out.

*You've really shot yourself in the foot this time,* the female one had told me after I had booked my appointment for the psychiatrist for today.

"I have enough on my mind without you two muttering something in my head at every decision I make! Can you two just be quiet, for once?" I complained. "I haven't felt sane since Monday."

I slammed my apartment door. I needed to get to the doctor's as soon as possible.

*Hear us out,* the other voice pleaded. *He's the one causing your problems.*

"And why should I trust you? You're probably one of those devils on my shoulder making me do those awful things," I muttered under my breath.

I'd arrived the doctor's, thankfully, and he sat me down, telling me that he'd read up on my situation, and already had some pills ready for me.

"Will these really cure me of hearing those voices?" I ask, uneasy about them. I'll always had suspicions about pills, and I rarely had them.

"Yes," he assured me. "You'll never hear her again."

\- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Sorry for any formatting issues, this is my first ever prompt response :)