10 Years ago the world ended, not with fire or war but with the slow death of hope.

Magic was real but came with consequences, the only people who would use magic were those who should not be given power. As those who would kill there fellow man rose in power the people who would never harm someone were the fuel for the magic. The only ones to survive were those who killed, including me.

***    

I am a necromancer, I cab bring back the souls of the dead, but as not give them a body. I need a boost something to bring me up, the undercity was more dangerous than ever a new boss was rising in power and needed blood to fuel his magic. I need a new weapon, a new bodyguard. The thug was not a good man, at least that's what I tell myself. The body was prepped now all that was left was to  find the soul. Time to dive. The land of souls is impossible to describe, like a river flowing in every direction at once, or a thousand lanterns inside a kaleidoscope. Around was a thousand souls but one glowed brighter than those around it it even seemed to make other souls stronger by proximity, the strongest soul I have ever seen. I summoned the power to pluck the soul, but it was resisting, the power seemed to slide off it as if it wouldn't be touched. I couldn't hold myself here forever and the body was near to expiring, a life lost for nothing. 

I awoke in front of a dead body too old to provide me with protection. But the body moved, impossible, I moved no soul in. I dipped into the ream again and saw the soul had moved into the body, but if I was unable to bind the soul than it did not belong to me and was free. As it stood and looked around I felt something stir it felt like a new magic, an impossibility. The man turned a faced towards me. "Hello and I'm Bob Ross, I'd like to teach you a little something"

***

That day I would never know what I would resurrect that day. Bob introduced a new form of magic more powerful than any before, one that could only work to benefit another. He taught the world to love again, to create again and most importantly how to Hope again.