As I sat down on a late Sunday night, I found myself cursing Everett's name over and over again.  After all, it WAS his fault that I was sitting here reciting every couch, table and type of Swedish meatball IKEA has to offer.  Everett and I both worked at the biggest IKEA in Canada, making sure everything looked presentable.  I've always had a knack for sorting and presentation, while Everett seemed to be the polar opposite.  He would move couches into weird angles and blankets on the wrong bed.  I would always help him out so my job was more "Everett's butt's saver" than anything else.  Then he knocked over all the swivel chairs he possibly could and blamed it on me.  I'm not sure how anyone bought it.  I was too scrawny to tip over a single swivel chair, let alone the 278 we had.

"Urshult LED, red." I said aloud.  "Urshult LED, blue.  Urshult LED, yellow."  As I finished the last Urshult, I heard what seemed to be fireworks.  *That doesn't make any sense.* I thought to myself.  Fireworks were illegal where I lived, so it would be incredibly stupid to blow some up.  Curiously, I looked outside and saw what appears to be a man in a demon costume.  He seemed to be  lost and confused, so I stepped outside and tried to help him.

"Sir?"  I asked him "Are you lost?"

"Me?  Lost? The GREAT Urshult LED Yellow doesn't get lost, you FOOL."  He really confused me, I mean who names their demon cosplay after an IKEA dresser?

"The great Urshult LED Yellow?  You do realize that I could buy that from IKEA right now, right?"

"What's an IKEA?  You mere mortal, I am a DEMON from the UNDERWORLD!  I'm in search of the person that summoned me by saying my name.

"Uh-oh."

"Was it you, you insignificant mule?'

"OK, first things first, I'm NOT a mule!  Second of all, yes, I accidentally summoned you because my idiot co-worker got me in trouble so now I need to know the IKEA catalog by heart."

"Your co-worker sounds like a tool.  Anyway, I need your help."

"My help?  What could the GREAT URSHULT LED YELLOW need from a "mere mortal"  I said in the most sarcastic voice I could.

"Well, my loft on the River Styx is a pigsty.  I heard that you were a great organizer, so I thought you would help me."

"How did you here that?  I'm flattered that my skills are that recognized and all, but who told you."

"All big business owners live down there."

"That makes sense.  Alright, let's go."

Urshult teleported him and me down to the River Styx, which stunk like manure and looked like a hypnotic nightmare.  

"Let me guess,"  I started as we walked down 'One Wing Avenue', "your adress is 666?"

"I WISH!" Urshult laughed, "mine is 667, the 13 of the underworld."

After a little more walking, we arrived at Urshult's loft.  Before i stepped even a foot into it, I could smell rotten bananas and smoke.  It didn't get better after i got inside.  The walls were covered in pizza and socks and the furniture was so revolting.  The couch faced nowhere, the Laz-y-Boy was WAY to close to the wall and don't get me STARTED on the bed.  After 3 years of hard work and determination, as well as a trip to Hawaii, it was clean, and perfect.  

"Dude, thanks!"  Urshult said after I was done.

"Hey can I stay here?" I asked, "I feel dead inside to begin with, so to stay would be perfect.  Plus, working at IKEA is like being dead anyways!"