I arrived at the crash without a moment to spare. The paramedics were already pulling up, and time seemed to slow as they jumped out of the vehicle.

My brother had already arrived, inspecting the crash as I approached. He looked up with a solemn glance, before speaking. 

"I would not expect you for some time. Not for this lot." I ignored him. 

The couple had crawled from the wreckage, and they looked at each other, then to my brother. Confusion filled their faces. They probably didn't know who we were, or why they were still alive, Well, *alive to me*, at any rate. 

Typically we didn't meet too often, my brother and I. Always stolen glances in the slums of this city or that, crossing paths so rarely it felt like an eternity. Our jobs may have been the same but tasks we dealt with were... much different. 

Few things ever escaped his attention, although we both had learned long ago not to spend too much scrutiny on the circumstances of our wards. In this case, a little bit of alcohol had been involved. A little gambling too, perhaps. It was Las Vegas, after all. Was the driver high off life? Or suicidally depressed? Who knew. I could have asked them, if I cared. They stood right there. But I did not. It was not their time. My brother knew it was not their time. Its why he didn't expect me.

He turned away from me and started talking to the couple, giving them the old shakedown. A little bit of scare, a little bit of comfort. Wasted seconds, wasted breath. I wasn't going to tell him how to do his job. 

I crawled into the wreckage myself. 

In the backseat there were clothes strewn around. A wedding dress, a Tuxedo. Recently changed out of, from the hurry of which they had obviously been discarded. Such lack of care to the garments made me realize it was likely they were borrowed, not owned. What I wanted wasn't back here. 

My next instinct was the trunk. You often found the forgotten in the darkest, most hidden places. Cupboards, sewers. Sometimes under a bridge. Some old Spirit had probably hidden themselves in the trunk for some dumb reason. I pried the lid off, but the trunk was empty, pristine. The car was likely a rental as well. 

My brother couldn't have missed something, could he? I closed the trunk and crawled back in, this time to the front. The corpses of the couple sat there, staring at each other. Hands clasped tight. They died together happily, it seems. Then I looked back. The husband wasn't staring at the wife's eyes at all. The dirty rascal had been staring at her chest. Even in death, the man must have succumbed to his baser instincts. 

I was disgusted. This is why I dont pry. Never pry. I thought I had drilled that into me, but something about this night had been a little different. My brother's presence had been a shock, sure. But I was not here for merely two dead souls. I sought the Forgotten. I began crawling out of the vehicle when a violent force tugged me back. There was something still here, and close, too. I began pulling the two bodies out to make room for a search when it practically fell into my hands. 

The woman had been cradling a baby in her arms when she died. 

I heard a shriek and I turned around. The new mother rushed at me, crying for her child. She passed through us both, being neither Forgotten, like me, or alive, like the newborn. As she cried and begged me for mercy upon her child, I think she finally realized the gravity of her situation. What it meant to be in the afterlife, to be dead. My brother walked over, the husband in tow. The two of them gently lifted the mother to her feet. 

"Please." She pleaded. "I Beg of You."

I turned away. I wasn't my brother. I wouldn't waste words, or seconds. Not on this couple. I wouldnt even see them again for years, decades. I doubt the'd understand if I told them, anyway. 

The Forgotten belong to me. Not to my brother. And if they had wanted to hide their child from their family, it was not my business. I don't pry. I never do.

I used to think Humans died twice. Once when their organs failed, and once when the memory of their lives are forgotten. But some, poor unfortunate souls... They only die *once*. 

I took the baby with me into the dark.


