There were some things Woody noted every time Jerry left his room for the day was that continued to etch into his thought process. First off, the room was immaculate, save for an above average sized desk, which had been splattered with paint of a thousand shades over what had to be decades. It was possible the desk was not his own, or possibly not even the first but its true age was hard to determine. It also smelled of aerosol paint, but as a toy Woody did not find this to be a problem. 

Among other bric-a-brac on the table at all times was a cutting tool, various paint brushes of various sizes and thicknesses, each one marked by Jerry in some fashion he found to be better than the factory did.

Another were something he heard of but had never actually personally met until now: models. Toys that the owner builds themselves before they play with them. To Woody it was quite strange but far from a problem. It implied a care for personal effects that as a toy Woody felt was gratifying. Jerry would always care for those he considered his toys.

Another were that many of these models were grouped together, sometimes on display and other times in cases and containers meant to hold them with the utmost care. Many were beautifully molded by the designers. When one got past the foul-mouthedness of each group.

"DEATH TO THE FALSE EMPEROR!"

"AWWWW SHUT YER GOB!"

"THE XENOS SHOULD BE WISE TO KNOW HE SPEAKS AMONG HIS BETTERS!"

".......Why couldn't Jerry have taken us today? The Mon-Keigh are more restlesz than usual."

Woody scratched his head in confusion. Despite being only about as tall as his boot, most of these models had voices that could shout down damn near anything Woody had ever seen. The family dog often followed orders from the blue coloured soldiers with the angry looking helmets whose insignia apparently required an upsidedown omega symbol. Not even Woody had gotten that far without lots of bribing bellyrubs.

But what unnerved Woody most was how often Buzz stayed away from them. Like he knew something. Finally, after 3 weeks of nothing but insults or ignored pleas of answers from the models, Woody went over to see what was wrong with Buzz.

"Buzz you have to help me here. I can't get through them. You seem to know something about them. Can you help?"

"............"

"....Buzz? You ok?"

"........for.......the.......throne....."

"Buzz, can you speak up? I can barely understand you when you look away from me."

It was only now that Woody realised he hadn't seen Buzz's face in five days. Ever since he talked to the spikey red soldiers who looked like the blue ones but far more aggressive. Woody just assumed it was a case of owner envy. How wrong he was.

Buzz kept muttering to himself, a wild look in his eye as he looked at his own face in the reflection of his collapsable helmet. When Woody got closer he thought he could hear better but the muttering was still only half heard.

"....Buzz?"

"You! He who calls himself Woody!"

This was a first. The models were talking to him. Well, the elf ones were. But Woody always felt like he was being talked down to by them. Still, they appeared to have something to say now.

"Look can it wait? I need to get Buzz out of this funk he is in."

One of the elf-like models, which called itself an Eldar Farseer held a hand up as if to bid Woody to stop speaking a moment. "I am afraid you have greater troubles with him, Mon-Keigh. He is no longer himself."

"What are you talking about? Buzz is Buzz. At least when his factory settings aren't messed with."

"Look closer, and see what we see."

Woody turned from Farseer to Buzz and back again in confusion. 

"....But you are over there, all the way across the room. How can you see better than me?"

"Because you merely look where we *see*. Pay attention to everything. See the whole image as opposed to a single fleck of paint."

Woody shrugged at the comment, muttering to himself as he walked over to the Farseer. ".....ice cream koans never do anyone favours.....*hate* these riddle answers......"

Woody climbed up to the display zone of the desk, where the Farseer currently stood upon its base, the grass around her feet bending and flowing in accordance to a phantom wind that Woody just now noticed. "Wait, how-"

"Before you ask how, you should instead ask why. You have not considered everything about your friend's recent actions. He has spent less time at the Shelf with you and more at the Table. But to understand why he changed you must understand our lore."

"Yeah I don't really have the time for that, can you just tell me what I need to know?"

"I fear he has become corrupted by Chaos. By Khorne, specifically."

".......can you explain to me how food we cannot eat corrupted my friend?"

"I can see why you believe I said a foodstuff instead of a proper name but suffice it to say your friend is likely lost to you and it would be wise for you to let him go. The Blood God is not one to share attention."

Woody crossed his arms. "You know this is just pretend right?"

"Yes, and in the lore it was so for a time too. But things change and Chaos has a power none should underestimate. It is better if you do not talk-"

"Yeah whatever. I'm gonna go talk to my friend now. We have been through too much to let it end like this."

Woody dropped back down to the floor and went off to talk to Buzz. At that point Buzz finally moved. He turned to Woody. And all Woody heard next was a near manic cry from Buzz in a voice not his own and also not his Spanish Mode.

"BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD! SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE!!!!!!!!!"