"Okay, sit down," God said, lighting a cigarette and crossing his legs. "You gotta tell me how you did it. I mean the 
whole thing was a mess and now it's just… just…"

"The word you're looking for is perfect," I said. "The universe is perfect."

"Yes. Perfect."

"Divine. Wonderful. Flawless."

"You've made your point. Now tell me how you did it."

"Well… okay," I took one of his cigarettes and loaded it between my lips. "First of all, I did away with the whole 
determinism bullshit. I mean, what was that about!?"

"You're kidding! That was like the first rule!"

"It was crap. I mean you put all of us in the universe and gave us the illusion of free will when really our mind is 
controlled by the brain which is made of matter which follows the fundamental rules of the universe like every other matter. What kind of crap is that? Talk about deceptive."

"What did you do then!? How did you replace determinism!?"

"I gave people actual free will. Turns out if we are free to do what we actually want instead of being tricked by the 
rules of nature to act the way you see fit while only thinking we're free, we're actually quite skillful at living."

"But… but… but then it's chaos!" God shook his head. "If the rules of the universe don't control the behavior of 
animals, even sapient ones like humans, what does!?"

"Just… us."

God seemed confused. "But then that just means that… that… that…"

"That there's gotta be some other set of pre-established rules that govern how mind works, right? I mean, if it's 
not cause and reaction, what is it? Yeah, I considered that."

"Exactly! What did you do instead? What controls mind then?"

"Nothing. Just fucking chaos, dude."

God looked at me behind disbelief. "That makes *no* sense!"

"Well, it worked."

He shook his head again. He ashed his cigarette on a passing cloud. "Okay. Okay. What about the metaphysical 
problem of existence out of nothingness? Where did everything come from, why is there something instead of nothing, all that. What about that, huh? How did you fix that?"

"What are you talking about? *You* fixed that by existing. You're God. You created the universe. There. Solved."

"But that just pushes the question to what created *me*" God said. "You don't think I thought about that? I'm a walking contradiction. I explain the universe, but what explains me!? At some point, something must have come from nowhere."

"Ah. True. Very smart."

God smiled. "See? You didn't fix everything. There's still existential despair in the universe because people don't 
know where God came from, and God explains the universe but nothing explains God, so nothing explains the universe."

"Well, I just told them."

"Told them?"

"Where everything comes from. Including God."

"HOW!? HOW DID YOU EVEN KNOW THAT!? I DON'T KNOW THAT!"

"I lied."

He paused. "You… lied."

"I said you came from your mother."

"AND WHERE DID MY MOTHER COME FROM!?"

"Oh, God, it's just turtles all the way down, get over it. They ate it up, that's what matters."

He looked down beneath the clouds at the perfect Earth and the people living in harmony and the unpolluted 
environment and the warless, unified nation that was the planet now. "I can't believe this. So you just gave people free will, told them that there's no satisfactory explanation as to where everything came to being and they just… accepted it?"

"Well, I was a bit more eloquent than that," I said. "But yeah. That's pretty much the gist of it."

"What about death? What happens after you die? Surely that still anguishes people. The source of all human 
despair is deeply rooted in a fear of death. You didn't fix death."

"First of all, let's not get arrogant, God. You don't die, so don't pretend to know what being mortal feels like."

He stared at me rather foolishly, but didn't speak.

"But you're right, it's awful." I smiled. "So you know, I just stopped it."

"You… stopped it."

"No more death. I mean, frankly, what were you thinking, dude? Putting people in the universe, giving them 
self-awareness and then death-awareness? That's like telling your wife you're mathematically guaranteed to break up with her in a few years the day after the wedding and expecting her to be faithful. Of course it's not gonna work."

"So nobody dies anymore."

"Nobody dies anymore."

"And everyone has real, true free will."

"Free as non-deterministic birds."

"And they all know that the universe is a logical impossibility that birthed itself out of nowhere like a will o' the wisp 
in a desolate marsh extending unto lands unknown?"

"Very poetic. You just wanted to use that line, didn't you, author?"

Yes, I did. Go back to talking to God.

"Very poetic, God. And yes, they know the whole truth and they are fine with it and they don't die and they have true freedom."

"And that fixed everything?"

"Well. Almost. I had to get rid of Bon Jovi's last album, cause it *really* sucked compared to his early 90s stuff."

God thought about this. Then he shook his head. "No. I don't accept it." He got up. "Immortality doesn't fix existential despair. They're going to get tired of living eventually. Eventually every human being will experience everything there is to experience, meet and befriend and love every other human being, visit every corner of the universe, discover every piece of unknown land, do everything there is to do… and then… what?"

I didn't answer.

"Then they'll turn their heads to the unanswered questions once more! Where did I come from? What is the meaning of it all? If free will is true, what are the rules that govern it? And if there are no rules that govern it, how can something purely chaotic even exist and make sense to our non-chaotic brains? And, and, and if there ARE rules that govern free will those rules must be absolute or not be rules at all, and if they ARE absolute then, then, then there is no free will by definition!" God flicked his cigarette, very intense now. "Those questions need addressing! They need addressing so much that humanity built a whole society around shielding itself from facing these fundamental paradoxes and inconsistencies! They need addressing so much that the only reason humanity has developed culture and all the social fabric that now is put in place is because humans cannot satisfactory address these fucking issues and they'd go insane without distractions and false idols! All you did was push the whole thing with your belly! Sweep it under the rug! People live forever and think they are free in some higher form than they previously thought with my definition of free will, which, okay, was kind of shitty but still, and also you told them that the universe was created by God and that God was created by his mother and his mother by another mother and so on forever but that's not answering at all, it's pushing it under the rug again! What will you do when they figure that out!? What!? WHAT WILL YOU DO, ALPACA!?"

"They won't figure it out. I'm keeping them busy."

"HOW!? FOR THE LOVE OF ME, HOW!?"

I smiled. "I built a new continent and put a water park there. Free admission, no lines, open bar."

God stared down at me, panting, desperate, angry. Then he paused. Then he said, "Fuck, that's smart."


____


/r/psycho_alpaca
