I looked out over the dusty grey plain at Earthrise.  Ever since we had fled the genocide of our people and stepped through that great portal to the moon, we knew we would never be able to go back. But somehow, today it was more real. We had done our best to prepare; Teminarin knew she was dying, she knew that her spells would expire with her spirit, so she had done the best she could to make things permanent, to let us keep living. The magic bubble that held in our air had been replaced with glass, the wards against stray asteroids with lasers, the sacred runes of the central fountain with a water purification system. Teminarin had used her magic to gain great knowledge, innovating hundreds of knew technologies, all of which could be built without magic. The library held thousands of books, detailing everything we needed to build and maintain the systems that would keep us alive as well as new ones we hadn't yet had time to make. Despite the great sadness of our hero and valued elder's passing, I was optimistic. 

When she died we all felt it, like a cold wind rippling outward from her deathbed. I held my breath, but there was no rush of air evaporating into space, no collapse a crumble of the dome over my head. Cautiously I drew another breath. We were still alive. Gazing at the glass in front of me separating life and death, I noticed the seam between two panes was sealed with some kind of dark substance. How had I not noticed that before? Had I not had a hand in building the dome? I was certain that was something I should have known, but somehow it slipped my mind. Come to think of it I wasn't sure how the glass would stand up against the perils of space. There was some kind of weapon or something. My confused thoughts paused. I realized I didn't know a single thing about the artificial world keeping us all alive, even though I had had a hand in it's construction. I started to panic, and rushed to the library. Surely if the knowledge had slipped my mind, it couldn't have left the books. I found Teminarin's apprentice Sam there, crying on the floor. "It's all gone. Magic. It's all gone"

"What do you mean. You can't even cast a single spell?"

"All the knowledge that Teminarin created, it was magical. It left with her."

"But surely the books are firmer than minds"

"Look". He held open a book, and despite the fact that the words were still firmly attached to the page, I could not glean any meaning from them. It was like trying to read in a dream. So it was indeed all gone. The machines we had painstakingly built by hand without a trace of magic would keep us alive for a while, but we had a long hard road ahead of us if we wanted to learn how to maintain them. 