A thousand lifetimes, a thousand deaths, a thousand births. I have seen this world progress, through the agricultural revolution, lived as every race and gender. I have been both powerful and poor. I have died in wars and to disease. I’ve died in a bed surrounded by children and grandchildren. And it is all meaningless when you alone experience it repeatedly. 

Over the centuries, I have had my ups and downs. I killed myself in all sorts of creative ways and I hold within my head knowledge that historians would love to get their hands on, but I can’t exactly show my sources so I can’t point out how wrong they are translating those hieroglyphs or how Caesar really died. And yet despite everything I kept learning and trying new things to try and stave off the loneliness that comes with seeing everyone you love die or to die and be taken from them and unable to reconnect in new life. 

Not long ago, at least by my standards, I saw a chance to end my suffering once and for all. I was so close when I manipulated the Soviet Union to putting nuclear warheads in Cuba, but Kennedy managed to defuse the situation on me. I made sure he got the release I deeply craved and for what it’s worth, I now regret it. 

One thing that being constantly reborn does do for you is make you really good at playing the long game, and as the Cold War went on without death coming to everything I saw a new avenue emerge. Computers would be my salvation, but I needed them to be more sophisticated. I have invested and researched over multiple lifetimes now and now my new plan is almost complete. My mistake was trying to destroy everything. Humans are too tenacious, and though I can bring them to the brink, every time they manage to pull back. So the solution was to not destroy them, but the change them. 

In this life, I am Robert Starling, CEO of Future’s End Enterprises. Our latest product? The revolutionary positronic Android body. Just upload your consciousness into the android body and leave your frail, aging body behind. And we provide them absolutely free of charge, only charging for later customizations. Building the customer base, is what I told the board. Once they have our bodies they are dependant on us for parts, but at this stage I don’t really care about profit. 

Already as the population shifts over to life in machine bodies, birth rates are dropping dramatically. Who needs to create new life, when the planet is filling up with the undying (and gloriously sterile) machines. As far as they are all concerned, there will always be time as we also hold DNA samples for creation of eggs and sperm, but once we reach the critical population limit, those systems will mysteriously fail and there will never again be any new babies born. 

Humanity fought to stay alive at my every attempt to destroy them, but offer them the chance to live for as long as they want, and they will line up to shed their bodies. I’ll upload myself too when this body reaches its end, and see my work concluded right at the head of everything. Who knows, maybe when everyone I know lives right along with me the centuries will be bearable. But if not, when I shut down the mechanical body, with no one to be reborn as, I will finally be able to rest. 