I remember that morning was unusual because it got to nearly 7.05 before it started happening.

I'd written my name and the date neatly at the top of the page and was just working out how long I had until the end of the month "Thirty days hath September, April, June, and November..." when I saw him out of the corner of my eye, at the window. A large shape in the gloom. It was only just beginning to get light outside, so I couldn't make him out very well, and this probably led to me looking at him for far longer than I usually looked at them. Although I couldn't see the expression on his face, he seemed to get excited. He was moving around a lot. I coughed, and my tutor, Alexander, looked up.

"Alex," I said. "I'm sorry. I think I've encouraged this one. I think we should shut the blinds."

Alexander looked at the visitor too, then agreed, and crossed the room to operate the blind. The morning came and went like this, under the dim glare around the edge of the blind, and the artificial light from Alex's slides. 

When it came to time for lunch, he asked me if I wanted a lift somewhere, like he always did, and I declined, like I always did, because I knew that my parents paid him extra to watch over me on his lunchbreak.

"Thanks, but I'll be fine," I told him. "I'm not going to leave the building."

He looked relieved, and after checking again if I was sure, grabbed his bag and rushed while trying his hardest to seem not to rush out of the door. I waited a moment, checking my phone, then exited the room myself, and then the building.

When I reached the main street and the gate, already I could see that a couple of visitors had gathered to wait for me. I turned and walked in the opposite direction, and gave it a few strides before I tried to insouciantly look behind me.

Shit. They were following. It was a guy and a girl, older than the normal visitors. I took the long way to the shop, trying to force myself not to look over my shoulder again, but managing to sneak glimpses when I crossed roads or turned corners. By the time I got there, I was shaken, and I bashed into the door with more than normal force.

Haja looked surprised. "Raymond," he said. "Everything OK?"

"Everything's fine, thanks," I muttered, meeting his eye quickly. He peered past me, out the door.

"Many of them today?" I nodded. He shook his head and clucked sympathetically under his big moustache. 

"There should be a law. It's not right. Sorry."

I ate my sandwich in the shop, so the visitors wouldn't see, although god knows they'd taken photographs of me eating before. The visitors had managed to observe pretty much all of my most private moments. I don't know why I bothered trying to evade them any more.

The visitors had been coming since I was one or two years old. My mum told the story - it began with a strange feeling, some disturbance to her highly-attuned mother's intuition. People were interested in her baby, more interested than they should be. They watched whenever she went anywhere. Shop assistants and nurses. She told my dad. He told her she was crazy. She told him he was a typical man, couldn't see further than the end of his own nose. Well, you can guess how well that went down.

She described it as feeling like she was on the Truman Show. You remember that old movie? Shortly after my dad left, when I was four, the first visitor spoke to my mother, and told her what it was all about. 

Kudos to my mother. Props where it's due. It can't be easy to be the first person in the world who hears that time-travel is a reality in the future. Let alone to hear that their baby is famous, and that's why you're getting so much attention in the past.

Well. I mean, she wasn't the first, not really. It turns out that in the future, they're trying to legislate madly around time-travel, or TT as it's called for short. So they sent a few people back to the past, to regulate. They're incredibly well-paid, of course. And this is one of the things they're sent here to prevent - TTers meddling in the past.

Technically, TTers aren't meant to talk to me about TT. But they do anyway. Because as far as I can tell, I grow up to be the most famous person on Earth.