"S-some math?" I whisper. "Isn't that stuff illegal?"

"Not illegal if you don't get caught". 

We were all the way in the back of 501, bored as hell like usual because it was first period. Usually we just exchanged origami made from notebook paper, but this was the first time Jesse brought up any of this "math" stuff.

He hands over the calculator by sliding it under my desk. 

"What the hell do I do with it?" I didn't even wanna touch the thing.

"Okay. You're in for a real treat. Click the 'on' button. Press '8' once." 

"And?"

"Now, press '0'."

"And?"

"Press '0' again," He smiled.

I gasped at the screen. "Ahh!" Shivers ran down my spine.

Our teacher, Ms. Rosenstein, turned back to look at us. "Sigh. Do you have anything you'd like to share with the rest of the class, Jesse and Alex?" She asked, audibly bored.

"No, nothing." 

When she turned away, I socked Jesse's arm. "What the hell do you think you're doing, scaring me like that?"

"That's not all you can do with it, either," said Jesse, clearly ignoring everything I was saying. "Watch this."

He took it back and multipled 1 by 1, then 1 by 2, then 2 by 3, then 3 by 4, and kept going all the way until the calculator reached "Error". 

"Okay. That was pretty cool," I admitted.

"Wanna see something else?" 

My boy literally took out a full Texas Instruments 30Xa graphing calculator. I could not believe my eyes. Supposedly it graphed polynomials, but that was only a legend from one of the older kids.

He handed it to me so I could take a better look.

"You know you're not supposed to have that in class! We could get expelled!" I shout-whispered.

"Would you quit making such a fuss? God, you can be such a wimp sometimes."

"Nope. No. Not partaking in this. Uh-uh. Never." 

"Fine." Jesse grabs my hand to take the calculator back. In a split second, Ms. Rosenstein catches the exchange. Seeing this, I instinctively grab it back. Jesse doesn't look up. He tries pulling it away again, and accidentally throws the calculator across the room. It lands with a crash. 

Ms. Rosenstein gasped. "Jesse! Alex! What is this? In the middle of our chemistry lesson, too?" Her face turned red. I could practically see the steam coming out of her head.

"Principal's office. Now!"

We hung our heads in shame as students snickered. 

A tall, grey, suit-clad figure stood up. "Wait!" 

The kid in the back. Everyone looked at him, shocked. He never spoke up. Ever. I had just assumed he was here by force. 

"These friends come in peace. Math is good."

"I *knew* he did Math," someone whispered in the front row. 

"There's lots of things you can do with Math. You can calculate the price of your groceries with it, figure out how to get from point A to point B with a car, or build a house. You can even calculate the safest projectile into space with it". 

Stunned, everyone applauded. 

That boy grew up to be Bill Gates. 