“All right boys, that’s it for today. I have a torturing scheduled for this afternoon.”

The three teenagers grumbled. They had just reached the entrance of a dungeon and were looking forward to working through it. 

“You always do this Igg,” Simon complained as the demon got up from the chair. The other two boys nodded. Igg grinned, showing two rows of needle pointed teeth. 

“I am a demon, you know,” he said “I have to make this slightly unpleasant. Otherwise the higher ups will complain that I’m slacking in my duty. You know how it is.”

The boys nodded as if they too had evil bosses who demanded they reach their quota of tortured souls every month. Simon wondered if their maths teacher was secretly a demon too. Igg sauntered over to the pentagram that was crudely drawn onto the wooden floorboards. He examined it critically and tsked. 

“The candles will need to be replaced soon. Make sure you get the dribbly kind. One needs standards. And the chalk is starting to smudge over there.” He pointed to the smudge as he stepped into the circle. The boys nodded quickly. Simon started the banishing process but Igg held up his hand and cleared his throat awkwardly. 

“Could you, um, make the banishing a bit more dramatic? My coworkers laughed last time and it’s a bit embarrassing when you just say ‘Bye Igg, see you next week!’ “

Simon blushed. “Sorry Igg, what would you like me to say?”

“Oh something like ‘Begone foul denizen of the underworld. I command thee, Iggdrivazaul, to return to to thy dark world’”

Simon sighed but repeated the words, stumbling over Igg’s name as always. It was, after all, why they gave him a nickname in the first place. But one had to please the owner of one’s soul, he supposed.  Igg smiled as he disappeared in a puff of smoke. 

As he took the elevator down to hell, Igg whistled cheerfully. He hadn’t ever expected to enjoy dungeons and dragons as much as he did. When the three boys had summoned him, he’d expected the usual pleas for immortality, riches or popularity. Instead, they had awkwardly begged him to be the dungeon master for their D&D game. He’d wanted to refuse of course. Such things were beneath a demon of his calibre. In his younger days he’d held the record for most souls collected for a century straight. But after they pleaded and explained that they didn’t have any friends who wanted to play with them. To his own surprise he’d felt sorry for them.  Completely out of character for one of the top torturers of the underworld. 

Eventually he’d decided to do it. So now he was summoned once a week to act as dungeon master. He found himself looking forward to the meetings and even more to the day he claimed their souls. An eternity of dungeons and dragons might not be torture, exactly, but then he’d always have someone to play with. Plus, there was that award for most unique punishment. If he received that, he’d have the full set. 

All in all it wasn’t a bad arrangement, he decided as he picked up his pitchfork and greeted his next victim. 