What’s in a name?  Well, that depends.  Since the Truth Wars began, the answer has become a lot more black and white.

The Truth Wars began roughly in the year 2020.  It all started when the President of what used to be known as the United States made his push for dictatorship with what was dubbed the “Naming Bill.”  With the passing of this legislation, every citizen of his country was required to change his or her name to Bill.  Half of the nation knew that a pun passing into law would be trouble, but the other half unconditionally supported the Bill because they’d been “laughing their asses off” at the pun for months.  The Bill was heavily upvoted on the Congress subreddit and passed into law because, as President Bill “Daddy” Uno well knew, puns are a trump card in a culture defined by memes.

Opposition to this Bill wasn’t simply out of shitty sense of humour.  Those who were against the legislation were able to appreciate the joke just as much as the next person.  Many of them even admitted to chuckling at the pun.  But they knew that this joke had larger implications.  President Bill had been trying to replace scientific inquiry with “dank ass memes” for years. Reddit declared that this was “unpresidented.”  

But the biggest reason this bill was dangerous was this: names are more than just a matter of title.  A name literally overwrites one’s identity and knowledge. However, only one Bill could have his personal storehouse of knowledge and puns passed onto the newly-dubbed Bill faction.  You can probably guess which Bill was declared the most hilarious.

The pun swept the nation.  President Bill’s storehouse of alternative facts and punny anecdotes quickly came to dominate the collective psyche.  Within a week, the United States was re-named “The Billippines.”  Many stubborn “griefers” refused to change their names.  Instead, they quickly uprooted and fled, knowing that hilarious jokes can’t be the sole basis of legislation.

The world outside of the Billippines espoused a collective “what the fuck lol.”  They took in the Griefers as refugees and formed a faction founded on preserving scientific truth and making only casual use of jokes and puns.  They didn’t want to do away with humour altogether, but they knew that the world would quickly devolve into a dopamine-flooded hell if they didn’t fight back against Daddy’s jokes.

When faced with a major threat, however, knee-jerk reactions are inevitable.  The non-Billippine populous flocked to a square-jawed and only reasonably hilarious leader.  They should have seen the signs.  This leader was a higher-up in the Russian military known as Major Threat.

President Bill saw the propaganda photos of Major Threat posing heroically, occasionally whipping out a single testicle to keep things light.  The President immediately declared that this propaganda “posed a Major Threat.”  The Billippine population found this statement absolutely hilarious and upvoted a declaration of war against the group now referred to as the “Buzzkills.”

To date, nobody has been killed in the Wars.  The Billippine army has not been able to figure out why their offensive memes haven’t helped in their offensive push.  Their novelty “BANG!” flag guns have proven ineffective at making the Buzzkills “get” the joke.  The Buzzkills have been relentless in dropping “Truth Bombs” on the Bills, but it seems that a sort of immunity has developed.  Instead, the explosion of truth is always leveraged into incredibly dank memes.  The memes have convinced many to defect and become Bills, so the Buzzkills have been forced to abandon their Truth Bombs program.

The world is currently in a sort of stalemate.  The Buzzkills have a found stronghold in social media.  Unfortunately, their fact-checked articles are currently being bombarded by Bills in the comments sections.  The Buzzkills no longer get the joke and simply dismiss the Bills as idiots.  The Bills respond in memes.  The seeds of a third faction are being planted, with many choosing not to side with either the Bills or the Buzzkills, instead asking why “people can’t just have a real fucking discussion already?”

This is all very unfunny for me because my parents, Bill and Bill, decided it would be hilarious to name me Dick Small. The Bills constantly make jokes at my expense, the Buzzkills assume I’m a bill with a funny alias, and the unnamed third faction keeps telling me how immature I am.  I have no friends and I’m just getting fucking destroyed in the comments sections.  Help?