######[](#dropcap)

"Sir, I don't understand..." 

"There's a lot of things that defy explanation, Jim." The commander took another drag from his cigarette and then slowly reached out and tapped the tip into the ashtray. 

"But sir." Jim took another step forward. The commander glanced at him, and he stopped in his place. "Why? Why would we even do this?" 

"Let me show you something." The commander got up from his chair and walked toward the door. He pressed his thumb to the wall, and the door slid open. Jim blinked. Then he walked a little closer. He could barely see the faint trace of a scanner, blended into the wall so well you wouldn't be able to see it unless you knew it was there.

Different from the tiny room they had been in--a simple security guard setup with a single monitor, the room they were dwarfed even concert halls. One wall was covered in thousands and thousands of screens, and as Jim peered at them, it dawned on him that they were security cameras. Twenty for the Vatican. Fifty for the White House. Even one in...his house? 

The floors were made from marble, and the commander's steel toed boots made a sharp clacking sound as he walked over them. When he reached the center of the room, he turned around to face him. 

"Do you know why wars are necessary, Jim?" His voice echoed in the large room, and because the large area was only very dimly lit by small lights set in between each square panel of marble below their feet, it seemed ominous somehow. 

It was then that Jim realized he was in over his head. Just two years ago, he had signed up to join the army with the idea that he might be significant, somehow or another. Create change in the world. And when the commander had taken him under his wing, he had rejoiced. 

But this was more than he bargained for. 

Way more.

"I don't know, sir." 

The commander pressed a button on the circular table besides him--or at least, Jim thought it was a table--and a holographic image sprung from its center. A vision of a desert that covered the globe. A barren wasteland, and the cries. Those awful cries of people begging for their lives. Hunger, especially for those who've never experienced it before--was a terrible way to go. 

"What was that? Sir." The images had shocked him so much that he nearly forgot about rank. His legs were shaking, and he was just two seconds away from bolting out the door. 

"It was our future." The commander shut it off, and Jim blinked in the sudden darkness. It was a couple moments before he could see the outline of the commander's broad shoulders again. "You see, hundreds of years ago, there was a prophet. I know what you're thinking. It's a bunch of bogus. But this prophet came to us, a newly founded country, and told the founding fathers something. The details are lost to history, but he said that the world would not survive a thousand years if something wasn't done." 

Jim gulped. 

"Humanity is a peace-loving species. But we're too smart for our own good. The prophet foretold that humanity would destroy itself with technology if there wasn't anything holding us back." 

"But how does that make sense, sir? I suppose with AI progressing rapidly, we can imagine that--" 

"Imagine the Earth as a large garden. It's covered with flowers and weeds and trees, and everything is vying for sunlight. What happens if they all try to survive?" 

"Well, I suppose then they would all die, sir." 

"Precisely. There's not enough sunlight to go around. So it's a gardener's job to prune the garden. To make sure everything grows as it should. Wars keep people busy, that's a fact. Technological progress has no choice but to slow down. And if it's slow enough, we gain the ability to adapt. Otherwise we risk dying by our own creations." 

The commander walked up to Jim and laid a hand on his shoulder. "I'm telling you this because I'm grooming you to become the next leader. I've seen your resolve, and I know you have the strength to call the shots when it's time. I'm getting old now, and I won't be around forever." He sighed. 

"It's a terrible, terrible burden. I'll give you some time to think about it before you make a decision." 

Then he walked out of the room, the clacking sounds of the boots growing farther and farther before disappearing, leaving Jim to stand there in the darkness all alone.

***** 

r/AlannaWu