My hand touched the deep stained wooden door, it felt warm to the touch. Given my current surroundings I wasn't surprised. Holding it in place stood a brimstone fortress reaching so high above me it appeared as if the very rocks themselves wanted to escape. Feeling a flurry of excitement in my chest I pushed with all my weight behind me, and slowly the door began to creek open spewing hot air into my face. I let the warmth embrace me and stepped inside Satan's lair.

My footsteps echoed down the long, dark hallway, this place seemingly devoid of life and it was mine for the taking. I smirked, I'd walked through the boughs of this forsaken land to get here and not a single broken soul had come to stop me. Since the loophole was discovered Hell has been empty and remaining so for the last 5 years.  It needed a new ruler to bring those immoral worms back for their final reckoning. This was going to be easy! A single torch mounted to the stone wall was the only source of light, casting an orange glow in the blackness. I reached up and plucked it from the wall. Feeling it's solid weight in my hand, a small chuckle bubbled up from my throat. 

Then I heard it. A long disembodied but familiar shriek. My torch flickered and went out, trailing smoke into the void around me. Suddenly thunder of giant hooves stepped closer and closer, echoing around the room. All my senses totally overwhelmed, but I stood my ground. The stench of seared fur and death filled my lungs, I stood my ground. Yellow eyes pierced the darkness, I stood my ground. In front of me the hoof steps stopped, then I watched as the torch smoke whispered into the air above my head and disappeared into two holes the size of my fist. Strings of viscous liquid dripped and, with a hiss, began steaming as each drop landed onto the hot floor. The silence was deafening, the stench overwhelming. It was him.

A deep, growling voice as dark the black around me filled the void as yellow eyes flashed. Sending a bead of sweat creeping down my brow.

'Welcome to Hell.'