     In the odd hours of the night, few were out and about in the small town of Bedford, Kentucky. With a population of just over 600 and a practically non-existent police force, Bedford was one of the many all but vacant villages on his route to the large city of Covington. Nobody would pay any mind to a young man in a lone silver truck rambling down a dirt road at three in the morning. The journey was a bit longer than he had anticipated, what with his avoidance of highly populated areas, but it was worth the extra time, he reasoned with himself. It was better to stay on the safe side, easier to go undiscovered. 
     He fought the overwhelming urge to pull over for the night as he felt his eyelids begin to droop. He had to get to Covington by morning or the boss would be pissed. He didn’t have a choice, really, since he had no marketable skills and minimum wage wasn’t nearly enough to raise a child on. Although the job was risky, the pay was good, and he needed the money to support his girlfriend and kid back in Chicago. They were barely getting by as it was, and although Sam was only seven years old, the boy was brighter than the average first grader. He knew that his son could do great things one day, do better than his old man, if only he could get him to college. No, this was the only way. 
     Spots danced before his eyes. How long had it been since he’d rested? 24 hours? 30? Maybe more. It was only for a second or two, but darkness overtook him and before he knew what was happening, he was barreling off of the left side of the road and right towards a porcelain white little mobile home, a rust-colored, bushy tailed squirrel directly in his pathway. Without a moment’s hesitation or a fragment of thought, he mightily tugged at the wheel in a last-ditch effort to save his own skin. In his half-asleep daze, he did not return to the path, but rather to the opposite side of the street where a tall and thick oak stood sturdily in front of the truck.
     It took a moment before the pain registered. His nerve endings screamed out in protest and blood filled his vision as it dripped down his forehead. Oh, shit. He was less than fifty feet from a mobile home. As soon as they saw him slumped over in the drivers seat of his rusty old truck, crashed against a tree, they would call the cops and they would find the product on the passenger seat beside him. Thirty-five grams of concentrated crystal LSD was enough to put him away for life. He would never see his son again, or his girlfriend, or that hundred thousand bucks he was promised that would ensure his child’s future. God, if he lost the product, there was no guarantee that the boss wouldn’t come after his family. *Shit. Stupid, stupid, stupid.* If his head hadn’t been all but scrambled bloody eggs already, he would have beaten it into a pulp himself. It was over. It was all over, and there was nothing he could do about it. The world around him began to fade into an array of colors that made little sense as consciousness evaded him, but he could’ve sworn that he saw a little rust-colored bushy-tailed thing climb in through the smashed window, grab the bag of LSD between it’s two bucked teeth, and scamper off into the darkness. 
     When he woke up, he was expecting to be handcuffed to a hospital bed surrounded by angry police officers, but in reality all that greeted him was his girlfriend pacing in front of the emergency room door, cell phone in hand. Something was wrong, but he couldn’t worry about that. For now, his number one priority was the safety of his family. 
     “Yes, I know, I’m sorry, he’ll-,” she paused for a beat. "On the next trip? Oh, trust me, I don’t think that’s happening any time soon,” she paused again. “Well you’ll just have to work it out with *him* then, won’t you?” She briefly glanced over to the bed where her boyfriend lay, only to notice him staring back at her. “Crap, gotta go, he’s awake.” She clumsily shoved her phone into her purse and made her way over to his side. “How could you?” she lazily hit his arm. “Do you know how much you worried me? Sam’s with my sister. He doesn’t know anything."
     “Listen, you need to get Sam from your sister’s and outta here, Myla,” he could feel his heart beating in his chest like a gong. “It’s not safe for you any longer. Get out of the state, the country, leave everything behind, I don’t care. I might see you again one day, I might not. It doesn’t matter.” She just stared at him in silence for a moment, puzzled and slightly alarmed. “I love you. I love you and Sam so goddamned much, do you hear? *So leave!* The boss will find you!"
     “The boss?” Myla furrowed her brow. “Are you sure you’re feeling all right? I just got off the phone with him not a moment ago. You slipped the goods in the mail slot and forgot to pick up your payments.” She put a hand up to his forehead. “Maybe that concussion is worse than they thought. I’ll go get a nurse.” 
     He grabbed her wrist as she turned to leave. “No, you don’t understand. I was still in Bedford when the truck hit the tree. I was supposed to take the major cities on the way back. You helped me plan the route, remember?"
     “What other explanation do you have, then?” she placed her free hand on her hip, exasperated. "I love you, but you’re a fool when it comes to directions, baby. You probably just accidentally went the same way back."
     “You’re- well, you’re gonna think I’m crazy,” he took a deep, shaky breath,”but I’m pretty sure, no, I’m all but certain, that, well I swerved out of the way for a squirrel, you see, and I think it took the product to the boss to repay me."
     “Yeah, I’m getting the doctor,” Myla turned on heel, breaking her wrist out of her boyfriend’s loose grip, and exited the hospital room, door swinging behind her. 