You ever have 31 years pass in an instant?  It is not as cool as it sounds.  I was a substitute gym teacher of all things.  It should have been Frank.  Now I have to live my life knowing it was me.

I was sitting up in the bleachers watching these kids repeatedly fail to make a free throw.  One shoots and the other chases the ball down.  No scoring, just repetition at its worse.  You know, boring.

As I was nodding off I should have known something was off when it took far too long for the ball to make the journey from Michael's hands and through the rim.  I just thought I was tired.  The bell ringing for the next class is what woke.me.

The rest of the afternoon classes passed without a nap.  Nothing really seemed off until the busses were supposed to arrive from the depot to take the kids home.  Not one showed up and the phones and internet were down.  Couple of us tried to use our cells only to not get any signal.

Our school was built on a hill back through some woods.  It was very peaceful and very little traffic came through.  But the road itself looked all but abandoned as I passed over the line in my classic.  I needed some gas and it was when I pulled into the gas station that I really started looking around.  Everything was almost the same, except it wasn't.

The air smelled cleaner.  An add for the new 10G Samsung Galaxy Z4 was appearing over the pump.  I walked in to pre-pay and the attendant had orange hair and his tooth pierced.  Kids these days.  Where was the soda fountain?  Did my gas station get some of those hippy owners and now everything is organic?  I barely recognized anything.

I grabbed a large water and when I went to pay the kid at the register was being talked to by what must be the manager.  Something about resetting the coils on the roof before they overheated.  As the kid walked off and the manager turned to me, I had that brief moment of recognition.  "Wow, you look just like Sub Coach Turner from back before the invasion."  Confused, since I was *a* Substitute Coach and my name was Turner, I chose to let it go and continue on home.

Only my home no longer was mine.  It was there, but it wasn't mine anymore.  It had a Tesla and a Ford model I had never seen before parked in the street.  I started beating on the door when my key wouldn't work.  My son answered the door, only he was no longer 7 years old.  He turned his head to the side in that confused dog expression, "Dad?"  It felt too right.  "But the school, it was ground zero."  Ground Zero for what? 

My youngest, now early 30's came to see who was at the door.  "Hey, who is here that is unregistered?  Why didn't you get the alert and why was he... Dad?"  Again, that familiarity.  I looked up and down the street and finally woke up when the neighbors landed.  Landed?  Nope... and I passed out 