     I looked up at the tall glass tower glinting in the sunlight, a trickle of malcontent running down my spine and into my stomach. Capital Corp spelled out in stainless steel cutouts over the 2 story tall glass and tile entrance looked down at me. I could feel their disdain drifting over me like a cloud of CO2, invisible and slightly breathtaking. I shook myself and remembered that the building didn't hate me, it was only my own disgust projecting from inside me. I gripped my resume tight in my fist putting deep rinkles in one side and smiled, maybe I could make myself look incompetent enough to never have to come back here again. I took one long breath in and slowly released it with my eyes closed. 'Let's do this', I thought, and took the 4 more steps it took to bring me inside.

     It had been a month. A month since I left my last job and nothing to show for it. I stared at the computer screen through a haze of half-tears only really seeing the dark background colors of the website. Every single thing I had applied for this past week had made my stomach churn just imagining myself performing it, and there was no end in sight. The last job I had left had only lasted a month and was the 7th job I had landed in a little over 3 months. I have never loved a job but the fridge was empty save for a half bottle of barbeque sauce and my mom was on speaker phone shrilly outlining her reason for not sending more money to fill the thing. It was definitely time to pick up a few more interviews and that was the moment my phone gave a low tone signaling someone was on the other line. I switched the line over without warning to my mom and her lecture, answering with a simple hello. 
"Hello, is this Jacob?" The young female voice asked.
"Yup."
"Hello sir, I was calling to offer you an appointment with Capital Corp, regarding a meet and greet with our hiring manager. Interested?" She sounded more hopeful than I had expected her to, if even just a little bit.
"Sure, I can come in. When were you thinking?" The words tasted like blood in my mouth, Capital Corp was the only resident of a 23 story building in the middle of downtown, right on the edge of the river. Everyone who walked in there wore a crisp suit. Cogs in the machine.
"I have an opening tomorrow at noon if that's ok with you?" Once again, it sounded like she thought she was talking to someone slightly famous, just a hint of wonder in her voice. Strange.
I replied with as little conviction as I could, "ugh, yeah. I think I might be able to make that..." I didn't want to work in some cubicle, I would end up killing someone within a year. The dread was already setting in and I hadn't even made it to the interview yet.
"Great! I'm sending you an email right now and I hope  you have a wonderful rest of your day!" She hung up all at once, leaving me listening to my mother once again. She hadn't even realized she was on hold.

     The air was fridged on my skin as I walked in the doors, my slender frame coiling even more than it had been immediately prior. I was the only person not in a suit, yet not the youngest person there at 22. I stopped just in the lobby and looked around. The lobby itself was 3 stories tall and 30 feet square with a 20 X 20 white marble platform in the middle of the floor on which was stationed a handful of black leather couches around a large planter box holding a palm tree. A 3' rock fountain trickled peacefully in one corner. I paused a moment to take it all in, the extravagance made me sneer a little. How frivolous this whole place was! Yet a small child within me couldn't help but find wonder in this peaceful little Oasis below a tower of offices doing who knows what. I sat down on one of these couches to check my phone and look at my confirmation email with the information on how to find my interview. I looked around and found the elevator. I started walking towards it but stopped dead in my tracks when I realized that the numbers 2-12 above the door meant that I wouldn't be making it to the 20th floor. So I quickly turned around in a 360 to reassess my options and found a twin of the elevator I had been walking towards on the opposite end of the lobby labeled 13-22. I started towards them and shook my head at myself. This really wasn't any place for a job hopper, they knew I had no office experience... right? Oh well, I wasn't actually going to make it through the interview anyway. The elevator immediately left my gut in my shoes as we rocketed up. The smell of suits strong in my nose from the 4 people in the elevator with me. I could only imagine what I smelled like to them, the only smoker in the building probably.  One by one they all got off, each more dignified than the first and finally I was alone after the 18th floor. I began to wonder just what job I was being interviewed for on the 20th floor. The thought made my ankles ache, probably because my stomach was in knots and the elevator was rising so fast that the two areas had become one and the same. I stepped off into a small maroon hallway with pictures of flowers down the length of the wall. I padded down the Navy blue carpet staring at the zig zag pattern till I came to the very end of the hall the opened up into a small round waiting room not more than 10' across, black leather arm chairs on both walls. The people in those chairs struck me dumb, each and every one was about 5' 10" and 120lbs with red hair and sharp features including me. More than strange. So I sat down with my crumpled resume in one of the arm chairs and waited till my name was called.

As I walked into the small conference room I was greeted by 3 men in some of the nicest suits I have ever seen. 'yup, I won't last a minute In this interview' I thought to myself. Instead of sitting down at the table where the man on the right had gestured I wandered over to the floor-to-ceiling window and stared out over the river and the city beyond. You could see the snowcapped mountain in the distance and the whole of the east side of the city below, it really was awe inspiring. I made an impatient gesture behind me without looking so they would just get on with it and I got a belly laugh. I turned around slowly, confused. All three of them had big grins looking at me. 
"Heya there Jacob! How're you today?" The man in the middle asked joyfully.
"Life's a struggle" I replied flatly, rolling my eyes at the question. What did they care? 
"Well, I'm soon it'll all get better soon here." The man on the left replied hopefully.
"I'm sure." I stated sarcastically. This wasn't going anywhere near like I had expected so far. I was getting worried about their smiles and suddenly felt like sitting down.
"So Jacob, tell me a little about yourself. What are you looking for? What can we do for each other?" Asked the man on the right. 
"Ha! Not an office job, that's for sure." I shot back. "I'm a well documented job hopper, I don't know what I want and I'm just picking up whatever I can to feed myself until I find something I do want. So what's the job?"
The three men grinned at each other as if privately, nodding to each other as if I had answered perfectly.
"The job is pretty much our personal assistant. You help us with whatever we need and you get paid for it. We've already decided we want you. We'll do anything it takes to make you ours, you see, I really like your attitude." 
That was when I really started to feel claustrophobic and light headed, I was supposed to be laughed out by now, but I'm being told I'm already hired? So I switched gears. "I've got a problem with authority." I blurted. Their grins just got wider.
"And I'm always partying! I can't be sober to save my life and I don't even have any experience!"
"That's all good! Means you can keep up and we want you trained our way! Welcome to capital Corp!" 

On the way out, I was so nervous about what had transpired that I barfed in the potted plant by the door. I couldn't wait to get paid.



So this is the first time I've ever posted in a writing prompt. sorry for the grammar and all that, it's been a long time since I wrote anything.

