First time on Reddit and first time on this sub, so please do be nice, but I really like this sub.

...........

“Jared! Jared!” Tara's voice startles me from my book. I look up, just in time to see her sprinting out of the bathroom in a towel, wide-eyed, her hair in a wild mess.

In a second, I'm on my feet, all thoughts of my book forgotten. “Tara! What is it? Are you okay?” I ask.
Tara nods. “Yes! I'm fine. There's something incredible you have to see,” she says. She's smiling, I notice. She sounds excited.

“In the bathroom?” I say, narrowing my eyes. I really don't like the sound of this.

“Yeah!” she says, “I know how this is going to sound, but I was in the shower when this tunnel opened up in a strange direction...like it was going into another dimension or something. And...and I fell through and ended up in a new world. I was at the edge of a cliff with a beach and a pristine sea far below. And everywhere else, there was just an endless sea of grass, golden in the sun. It was beautiful. Untouched. Nobody there.”

I listen patiently, biting my lip. I was right. This isn't good. Tara goes on, speaking more rapidly now, “I tried to find a way back to you, but the tunnel was gone. I don't remember much of what I did the first few days. Wandered around that grass plain, screaming for you, screaming for anyone. I cried every night the first few weeks, but eventually I figured I'd never find anyone else. Started a garden, began making a little house—more of a shack, to be honest—by that cliff.

“The pain dulled after a while. Year after year went by, but I never saw another soul. It was a pristine, empty world. And then one morning I was sitting by the cliff, watching the sun rise, thinking of you for the first time in a while. Then suddenly, I slipped and fell...and a tunnel opened up around me, and a second later I was lying on my back in shower. And then I realized only five minutes had passed in this world.”

I sigh heavily. No. Not this again, Tara. You were getting better. And now this. Why, God? Why do you have to do this? “Tara...did you take your meds today?” I say flatly. I can't bring myself to even pretend to share her excitement.

Her eyes widen and her face flickers through a range of emotions. “Yeah. Um, an hour ago, while you were at the bread line,” she says, “Really. I'm fine. What I saw was real, I swear.” She forgot them, I know she did. I know she knows; I can see it in her face. But of course she thinks it's real. I run a hand through my hair, letting a wave of exhaustion course through me.

“Come on, Jared!” Tara says, “You have to come with me. I think we can go back.”

I stand firm, shaking my head slightly. I don't want to come and see the proof that she's still crazy. Lightning flashes outside, and the single bare bulb that lights up our apartment's bedroom flickers. A brief burst of machine gun fire and a few distant shouts cut through the night. The muties are rioting again, I guess. I don't really care. Let them riot.

Tara's smile fades. “Why not? There's nothing left here for us,” she says, “It's the end of this world, and the beginning of that other world.”

She's right—well, right except for the last part. It is the end of the world. There's nothing here but plains of ash and bombed-out shells of cities. Earth is just running out the clock on us. Still, I have no words. Instead, I wrap her in an embrace that offers no comfort. There is a long silence, broken only by the endless patter of the rain outside. Black rain—it always is these days. I no longer think much about the clear rain from when I was younger. What's the point? It doesn't exist. Probably never will.

Tara pulls away and tugs on my sleeve. “Come on,” she says softly, “Don't you see? We can start over in the other world. We can build a better life there. I've already got a house, a garden, everything ready...all that's missing is you, Jared. And the baby...they can't stop us from having one there. There's nobody to care if it's a mutie.”
Tara gazes into my face with one soulful blue eye and I cave. “Show me,” I murmur. Hell, maybe she's right and I'm crazy. I can hope.

Tara half-leads, half-drags me into the bathroom. I survey the small, cramped room with its peeling paint, chipped tiles, rusting sink. A few feet away is the shower. Water still drips from the shower head. And that's it. Definitely no portal to another world.

Tara turns to me, her expression radiant. “It's still there. Let's go right now, okay?” she says.

I allow myself another glance at the shower. Some small part of me really badly wants to see a portal there, but I tell that part to shut up. There's nothing there.

I can't take it anymore. “There's nothing there, Tara!” I snap.

“Open your eyes! Why can't you see? It's right there!” Tara shouted back, pointing to thin air.

I lose it in that moment. I grab Tara's shoulders and turn her to face me. “No, you open your damn eyes! You're just another goddamned crazy!” I shout. I release her, breathing heavily.

Tara steps back, a hurt expression on her face. There are a few tears in her eyes. “Th...that's not all I am, Jared, is it? Y...you know that. Please tell me you know that. I know I've sometimes seen things that aren't there, but I'm not stupid. I...I'm not useless. I pull my weight, help us both survive. Right? Right?” she says shakily.

I shove my anger back down, an act which takes all my willpower. I can be a monster sometimes. I hate myself for it, but that changes nothing. I pull Tara closer and gently touch her face. It's partly marred by radiation burns, but what's left is still beautiful.

“You're right. I'm so sorry,” I say, “I didn't mean that.”  I take a deep breath, “Tara, please just trust me like I trusted you in those first few days after you pulled me out of the rubble. Like we've trusted each other since. We've always looked out for each other. I've never lied to you. I never will. I swear on my life. You have to believe me, Tara. There's no portal, no other world. You forgot your meds, you had a hallucination in the shower, you slipped and fell. It's not real.”

Tara takes a long look at the shower. I can tell when I've finally convinced her—all trace of hope flees her face. There's only despair left, surrounding an empty shell. She says nothing, only leaves shakily. I hear her flop down on the bed, hear a few muffled sobs.

It occurs to me that I don't know how badly I've hurt her. I guess I should've let her keep her fantasy. I'm a monster. Again...no always. Or maybe not. I don't know—I was trained as a journalist, not a psychiatrist. And now I'm neither, just another survivor. What would I know? Far away, the gunfire starts up again.

I sit down on the rim of the tub and let the tears come to me as well.

........

EDIT: Still getting used to the formatting here.