Richard grasped his wife's clammy hands while reassuring her that it was almost over. The hut walls did little to muffle the screams and cries of pain. "Just a little more hun. Push!" She had his hand in a death grip, but he didn't mind. All he was worried about was that his little boy would make it out alright. "Here he comes, I can see him! Just a bit more, you're almost done sweetheart!" With one last push and a bit of help from her husband, Claire had successfully freed the squirming ball of life. "Oh my..." Richard gasped, "He's beautiful!" Tears formed in the corners of his eyes; a smile stretched across his face as he held the baby in his arms. Carefully, Richard handed off his boy to its new mother. Claire's eyes filled with admiration as she cradled her baby with warm, loving arms. "My son!" she cried, "Our little miracle!"  
  
Suddenly, the door flung open and from it emerged a tall, stocky bearded man. "Richard, Claire!" the man gasped, out of breath, "You're never going to believe this!" The sudden realization of what he just walked in on hit him. "Oh, my apologies. I-I didn't know, erm, congratulations!" the man huffed with startled eyes. "Slow down Herald," Richard replied, wiping the tears out of his eyes, "What is it?" They began to hear yelling coming from outside. "It's the Guardian Stone," Herald stated with a frantic tone. "The Guardian Stone? What-what happened to it? Was it stolen?" Claire asked. "No, no, no," Herald paused for a bit before whispering, "It has been relit!"  
  
Before Claire and Richard had time to react, the room was filled with a blinding light. "What in God's name?!" Richard proclaimed. As the light died, the three waited as their eyes slowly readjusted. "What the hell was that?" Claire asked. "I don't know but I-," Heralf froze. "What? What is it Herald?" Richard remarked. His eyes were open wide as he said, "Y-your baby. L-l-look at him!" The couple looked down at their baby to see a symbol seared into the back of his left hand. It glowed with an intense brightness. "That wasn't there before was it?" Claire said, concerned. "I-I'm not sure. Surely it wasn't!" Richard replied.  
  
Herald slowly crept over to get a better look at the situation. After a few moments of silence he muttered, "No way." Richard and Claire were now focused on him. "What is it Herald?" He delicately grasped the baby's tiny hand and examined it thoroughly before taking a step back. "That marking. Does it not look familiar to you?" Claire, still recovering from the confusion, sputtered, "Wha-what do you mean?" She looked down and studied the marking more closely, "Wait," an expression of disbelief appeared on her face, "This isn't the same symbol that's on the Guardian Stone, is it?" Richard got closer to see for himself, "What? That can't be! I-I don't understand."
  
The shouting outside grew louder. "Listen, if it means what I think it means, then you're not in the safest position at the moment." Herlad took a peek outside before closing the door and continuing, "Keep that baby safe, you hear me? A-and don't tell anyone about him. Absolutely nobody can know about him." Richard stood up, "Wait do you know something about this, Herald?" Herald paused before saying, "No. Well, maybe. It's just that I heard this story once." The newborn began crying as the noises outside grew louder. Claire rocked him in her arms, trying her best to calm him down as Richard took Herald by the shoulder. "Alright Herald, what the hell are you on about? I'm here trying to cherish the first moments of my boy's birth and you barge in rambling about the Guardian Stone and something about this symbol that magically showed up on my sons hand. Help me understand, please!" A mix of confusion, frustration, and concern were apparent on his face. Herald took a deep breath before saying, "Listen Richard, I'm about just as confused as you are right now. The people outside are losing their minds over what's happening with the Guardian Stone. Come over to my place in a few hours, after the commotion has died down. I'll tell you what I know then." Herald put his arm on Richard's shoulder and stared at him intently. "All that I can tell you, Richard, is that your son may in fact be a very special boy. If what I've heard is true, he may be the cure to the evil that has plagued this world." Richard opened his mouth but nothing would come out.
  
Just then there was a loud knock at the door. "I've got to go," Herald stated. "Hide your little one and take care of yourselves." With that, he opened the door and deterred whoever was knocking away from the household. Claire and Richard looked at each other not knowing what to say. The room was silent except for the soft whimpering of the child. The marking glowed brightly before slowly dissipating, leaving nothing behind but an odd looking scar.