A sea of black engulfed the memorial as tens of thousands gathered to mourn. Tears of sorrow and joy flooded through the crowd as the mourner’s scramble to catch of glimpse of the man they had worshiped their whole lives.

In the center of it all, an old man, dressed in black, sat alone in the middle of a row of benches in front of a picture of the deceased. The last of the friends and relatives had cleared out, but the man sat still, staring at the picture before him silently. 

From the side, another man, dressed in a brown trench coat, approached the old man, taking the seat next to him.

“Sorry for your loss.”

A heavy silence filled the air. The old man’s eye remained focused on the picture.

“So,” the man in the coat continued, “they’re saying this is the one.” He turned to face the old man. “It’s exciting isn’t it? I never thought I’d get to see it in this lifetime. You must be so proud.”

“Proud?” grunted the old man. “Dying’s easy.”

“Oh you know what I meant. Not everyday something like this happens.”

“You believe it too, huh?” the old man chuckled. “I thought a man in that uniform would be more skeptical.”

“So you don’t believe. How surprising.” The man in the coat withdrew a small notebook from his breast pocket and turned to the last few pages. “On every metric we have, he has lived the fullest, most comfortable life. He’s been a great man in every regard possible. There’s only up left to go.”

“Only up, huh?” The old man gritted his teeth. “Those are just stories told to keep the rest of us in check. Be good and become God. Hell of a slogan.”

The man in the coat put away his notebook. “Maybe you’re right. But regardless,” the man said pulling out a silver badge, “a job’s a job. Let’s talk hunter to hunter.”

“A bounty on my brother? Who’d be dumb enough to do that?”

The man in the coat smiled. “Not a bounty. You’re brother is the most famous man to have existed. Everyone’s looking for his new vessel, that is if he is still human. I’m just the fool they got doing the legwork. Still sir, you've done this a million times so you know I need details.”

The old man sat silent again, still focused on the picture of his brother.

“Look, we have quite a bit of data from his last fourteen lifetimes, but we just need to know if he’s developed any new identifying marks, habits, or tendencies.”

After a long silence, the old man shook his head slowly.

“Figured as much. Still had to ask, though. Thank you for your time.”

The man in the coat stood up, placing his badge back into his pocket, and made his way to the exit.

“You won’t find him there,” the old man said abruptly, motioning over to the crowd of onlookers who surrounded the memorial.

“So you do believe he has transcended humanity. Give your brother some credit, he’s earned his way there.”

“Not what I meant.” The old man paused. He turned to face the man in the coat. “I’d start with fish if I were you. Or maybe a bird.”

The man in the coat’s body stiffened. His friendly demeanor vanished. He lifted his hand to his mouth while staring at the old man cautiously. “He knows about the accident.” the man said confidently into the tiny radio embedded in the fabric of his sleeve.

In a matter of seconds, a dozen men with ballistic armor and weapons descended upon the memorial, cautiously surrounding the old man.

“Stay calm sir. Do not cause a scene.” the man in the coat warned the old man. “Get him to car. Gently. Only handcuff him if necessary.”

The old man, confused, followed the orders the men had given him, and walked to a black armored car that stood right outside of the memorial.

“What is this?” the old man demanded as the man in the coat followed him into the car.

The man in the coat sat across the old man, took out a silver pistol, and began cleaning it with a handkerchief. “Fourteen lifetimes we bred him. Fourteen. We found him when he was a fucking peasant. Fourteen lives and no mistakes. Not a single misstep.Only up and up. But on number fifteen, right before Ascension, he goes and runs over that stupid kid.”

The man in the coat pulled out a silver silencer and began to clean it next. “But it’s fine. We made it work. I made it work. People believe that he's a God and that belief is enough for us to take over.”

“Please. You don’t have to do this. I will never tell, you have my word. Please!”

“You were a bounty hunter. You of all people should understand. Tying up loose ends was your job.”

The silenced gunshot, almost a whisper, is drowned out by the cries of tens of thousands as they surround the memorial to mourn their new God.
