The final light of the universe came forth like a mighty rushing wind. Crackling forth with the strength of 40,000,000,000 Cosmic Thunders, he stood, staring at his ancient opponent. 

"I have waited eons to defeat you, woman. It's time to end this."

Death cooed with excitement, an innocent sound that curdled even the formless void on which she stood. Her scythe in hand, she called out to him. 

"Life! How are you, old friend? Come with me now, my dear; not a moment to waste! We will finally be together as one!"

Life's hand clenched as tears streamed away from his face. His offense was great.

"You take everything from me! Everything I create, **YOU DESTROY!** You have no love in your heart!"

Death's face could not emote but if she could, she would have been frowning. Sympathy irradiated from her being. 

"I am sorry. I-- I just wanted to be with you... But-- See, Look! I can give you something in return!"

Death's chest became like light, and blue fire cast forth from her hand. In it was the light of the afterworld, a new universe she had created for things of this universe to exist apart from existence without pain or suffering. A place to Rest In Peace.

"I will usher you into the afterworld and when it's done I can join you! We can make a new universe, together!"

But life refused her gift. He closed her decaying palm and punched into her chest, knocking her back. The souls she now tended cried out in pain, as their former master lashed out in rage and agony. 

"Please, Life. Stop this. I love you, I have always loved you. I'm only doing what I was born to do."

"Love? You are DEATH. From day one you have taken from me. I have crossed this formless void to destroy you, monster. YOU ARE THE ULTIMATE LIAR AND THEIF! I WILL HAVE VENGEANCE! I WILL RESTORE LIFE TO THE UNIVER--"

But in her presence even *his* power was waning. The pain of the scythe's blade hit him a moment after she had reaped it, but it was brief and cold, and sharp, so he would be laid down quickly, without even knowing it. 

Mercy.

Life crumpled to the cosmic ground, slowly becoming one with death, rasping even now, in defiance. 

As he finally faded into the abyss, he growled out one final word: 

"Cold."

As they swirled together, shrinking now, death's tears stripped away her hideous exterior revealing a beautiful woman's face. A woman who was stricken with despair.

"I'm so sorry, Life... I was so cruel... I just wanted to make you love... me..."

She cried out one last time, but it was eaten by the singularity they had become.

And once more, the universe lay, a blank canvas, with a single, throbbing dot no bigger than the period at the end of this sentence.

Waiting.