"Wait," I said, and blinked. I was standing in the exact same spot, the lamp still in my hands, the genie floating in front of me. For a moment I wasn't sure if anything had changed, if I had just slipped into some fugue state for a second. Then the genie nodded to me. 

"Your wish, O Mistress?" 

"Wait, fuck," I said. "You're screwing with me. You - did you just take me back in time to before I made my wish to go back in time?" 

The genie made a little shrug. "As you say, O Mistress. I am but a humble genie. If my future self sent you here, I am yet to know of it." 

"Oh fuck this," I said, and barely restrained myself from throwing the lamp to the ground. "You know what this is like? This is like that guy who gets to ask one question to the smartest guy in the world. So he asks, 'What is the best question I could ask you, and what is the answer to it?' And then the smartass says, 'That was the best question you could have asked, and this was the answer to it.' That asshole!" I flung the lamp down anyway and it bounced off the ground, leaving a dent. The genie flinched and regarded it sadly. 

"That was my home, O Mistress. I shall still have to live in it."

"I don't care!" I yelled back. "I wanted -" Ugh, I was so mad I was on the verge of freaking out. "I wanted to change my biggest mistake! And you took me back in time before I could make the wish! I - I thought I had a chance, you piece of shit!" I swung at the genie and there was a burst of sparks, and the sensation of all the little hairs on my arm being singed off. "Fuck! Fuck!" It felt like an open wound dipped in alcohol. "It's all this recursive, pseudo-philosophical bullshit! And the real answer is: fuck you, you're a fucking idiot for trying! You're an idiot for trying to be better than yourself! You're an idiot for actually trying to do some good for once!" My eyes were stinging. "Here's your answer: I'll spit in your face and pretend I'm being wise!" 

"Ah," the genie said, and reached for my arm. I kept it cramped up, holding it tight, but finally relinquished it to him. His massive hands were warm, like heating pads, and somehow driving the stinging down. "I believe I understand, O Mistress." He looked at me hesitantly. 

"Yeah?" I said. "What? What? So spit it out already." 

"That was no rebuke, O Mistress," he said. "That was simply the truth of your wish." He released my arm and spread out his hands and grew like a bonfire, like a forest fire. Like what Moses must've seen at the burning bush. He'd been holding my hand. I collapsed, expecting to be swallowed whole. "I have been gifted the boundless capacity of the universe," he said, and his voice echoed like a bell. "And pressed into service of mortal souls. I am limitless potential. I am a heart's desire. I am the burning wish of humanity made manifest." His burning eyes met mine. "And now I am made yours."

He cooled, still bright as an ember, and once more took my hand. "No matter what you have done previously," he said gently, "no matter your greatest regret, it pales in comparison to what you have yet to achieve. If you were to waste your one wish on mere regret, that would indeed be your greatest mistake." He released my hand and floated backwards, arms folding into position. "That mistake has yet to be made. Your wish remains intact." 

I swallowed hard, and so as not to look at him turned my eyes to the discarded lamp. I picked it up, turning it over, seeing the dent I had made. "I - I'm sorry about your lamp." 

He waved it away with a smile. "It matters not, O Mistress," he said, and pressed his fingers into it, smoothing it out. "You see? A small mistake, of little concern. Nothing that cannot be fixed." He met my eyes. "Now, are you prepared to make your wish?" 

I held his lamp, rubbing my thumb over the newly-smoothed surface, seeing my own reflection looking back to me. "No," I said. "I'm not ready. Not quite yet." 