The last bit of star light had flickered and died. In my mind, I heard that familiar buzz and pop of an old florescent bulb in one of the many old hospital hallways I had walked a millennia ago. A small planet in a small galaxy had once been the playground of Life themselves. 

They fell in love with the small ocean covered spheres and frolicked through their waters, their laughter sparking the first bits of carbon into organic existence each time. 

The last was one that their creations had named earth. They were there til the end of it all. It had been their favorite. Life knew nothing they created would ever last forever, but they had held on so tightly to this one. They watched their offspring grow and reach for the very stars themselves. But, like many worlds before, they never could get it quite right, and I had to come clean up the mess. I had to stop the sickness, the suffering, I gave the creations the rest. 

Life would always scream into the void at me, feeling my touch as a threat, an attack. It wasn't. I loved Life and all they created. It just wasn't right to allow creations so suffer as they aged or were hurt. I brought peace and balance. 

This last world, this creation, it had came the closest to being the greatest. But Life wasn't perfect. Life themselves were born with the universe itself. I had always been and would continue past. 

The only perfect thing is the void of a cold, dead, motionless, universe. Once there, in its perfect quiet, all energy absorbed into me.

When I pulled the last energy from the last soul, from the last creature on Life's precious blue marble, Life took it hard. I think they sensed their own expiration. Their energy was fading with the stars. 

After that last flicker in the now dark hallway that had become the universe, I looked for Life. I had left them alone as long as I could. 

They were easy to spot, a dim low glow, resting in the the shattered remains of what his earth called the "milky way." Once a bright swirl of light, now just cosmic clutter. 

"What do you want" they asked me. Feeling my approach they tucked themselves into a ball, briefly glimmering brighter. 

"It's time Life," I responded, hoping they could hear the sadness in my words.

"I tried so hard."

"I know, and it was all so beautiful each time."

"There's no more worlds left."

"You could have tried again, you didn't have to quit like you did."

I knelt down next to Life and the shimmering ball of warm, the last piece of the universe that wasn't me. I picked them up and held them in my hands. I could feel their warmth on my face. Warmer than any star, but soft, and alive. 

"I grew tired, and you never left me alone."

"Oh precious one. All of your time spent with all of the worlds you created, and you didn't learn. A garden cannot grow unless there is pruning, weeding, tending. You always sowed the seeds but couldn't bear to pluck a weed to save a fruit."

"What does it matter now. This is the end."

"Everything you did mattered. You created something, you spread light and energy, and gave the universe a mind, eyes, ears, and forever changed its course each time. But now, it's time to go, to join all you have created."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you think I would just wipe out all that you created Life? Like a mother that removes a child's drawing from their wall, I didn't throw it away, I saved it, kept it safe."

"How?"

"It's just a part of what I do. I have kept each breath that you saw me pluck, each glimmer of you in an eye, each spark of imagination in a mind" 

"Show me!" 

"I cannot. You can't see them in this form. You must let go and trust me."

"I'm afraid"

"I know. But be at peace. Now is time for resting and joy."

Life untucked from their ball and stretched out as far and large as they could, whispering through the remnants of the canvas they had once painted. 

"I will see you all soon!" They exclaimed. A final burst of themselves through the darkness. 

Then, Life turned to me, "Please, take me to them."

"Shut your eyes." I said, taking them and holding them close. 

There was one more final heave of a sigh, eyes shut, face content. As they exhaled, the glimmer faded. It faded into me, absorbed by the cold and darkness, and I was alone once more. 