Waking up at 7:16. Saturday.  It would have been that calm peaceful feeling of a relaxing free day with the kids but--

"Seven thousand two hundre--"

This is not a normal day to wake up to. 

Terror. Absolute terror. I run to my daughters room. She's there. Just turned twelve a couple weeks ago. She doesn't seem to be getting that attitude thing though. The divorce kinda forced her to grow up. I don't really understand her sometimes, but whatever changed, it seems good. She's kind of outgrown me already in some respects. Thank God for that. I run to the boys' room. Mike's in there but I don't see Stephan. 

"Where's your brother?!"

"What?? Dad, I don't know, watching TV? What's going on??" He goes from groggy frustration at being woken up so rudely, to adrenalized concern in no time. It's a strange sensation, but never mind that. 

"Dad, what's going on?? You're freaking me out." Cynthia's up and in the hallway now. 

"I don't know honey, stay in your room."

At this point I notice the sound of cartoons coming from the living room. I look through the kitchen and see Stephan looking back over the couch at me with the look an eight year old boy has when his dad's freaking him out, and the feeling of safety he's always gotten from pop is slipping away. 

"Dad?"

Immediate relief. "Heyy buddy. Whoa. Did I freak you out? I'm sorry, I just had a weird dream. Too real ya know? ... You hungry?"

"Dad. Are you ok?"

"I'm fine, I'm fine."

The reality of the number was creeping back in quickly though. 

"Dad? What's... Going on?" Cynthia and mike were at the kitchen door. 

"I'm so sorry guys, I had a very unsettling dream that felt so real, I just, woke up freaking out. I'm sorry." 
This is a good lie, right?

"What happened, Dad?" Said Mike. 

"Honestly, it's already slipping from my mind, and I think that's for the best. Who wants some breakfast burritos?"


I made breakfast and ate mine quickly. Told the kids I was going to the bathroom. I grabbed my wallet on the way, and in the bathroom I pulled out my SCI card and said the combination of words printed on it that logged me in to the Second Chances Implants customer service line. 

"Telephone, basket, walrus, four, nine, two, four, eight, three, eight, signify, apple, completion."

Complicated, but worth it. 

"Hello Steve." The voice was... familiar, and unsettling. "Listen to me very carefully, time is short, getting shorter." Said the voice.

"What? What's going on??"

"I'll try to make it brief. ISIS hacked SCI and got in to the central command module from where systems can be reset and there is no memory loss. It's a 'place' designed as a fail safe to guard against glitches so to speak. From there they were given infinite time to set up the ultimate hostile takeover of the worlds dominant military command centers, from which they have held the world hostage. This is going to be hard to accept but I'm you Steve. I'm you from 397 days in the future. There's been factional disputes within ISIS and the current battle for power has led them open to a coordinated infiltration on a small server located outside Santa Barbara. We've discovered that some type of glitch, potentially caused by that hacking battle going on for SCI central command, has resulted in multiple timelines. It just so happens that I survived this long, and am able to connect with you because we have the same chip, but I can't call you, you have to call me. Steve listen: I won't go in to detail, but we've tried this before, but for some reason, you never make it. You need to get to Silicon Valley and blow up SCI Central Server. It's the only way as far as we can tell...Steve?"
 
"I'm here..."

"Now listen, don't move. Grab the sink and sit on the floor slowly, then lie down. You're about to faint."

When I came to, my children were kneeling around me. 

"Dad! Dad! Dad?!"

Their voices seemed strangely far away. 
--What was that? Looked like a transparent green flash across Cynthia's face. I blinked hard. Again. It happened again... They were disappearing. 

Everything was disappearing. 

--HARD REBOOT-- flashed across my... Screen?

How many times has this happened?

7212?
