A serene, flowing river on my canvas; perfect, smooth rocks in the middle of nowhere so clearly painted that you could practically hear the water gurgling over them in the woods. Rich browns mixed with reds and greens at the waters edge, a combination of realistic and impressionistic, if such a thing were possible. I had already sold it online for a good sum, but I hadn't packaged it up yet; I was still looking at it.

I couldn't totally remember painting it, but that wasn't important. It was obviously mine, as I had woken up after the late night painting with oil marks on my jeans and a little bit of dried up umber brown underneath my fingernails. Besides, the painting was decorated with my signature in the bottom right corner, the only bit of black in the entire thing.

I, facing a different canvas, set my paintbrush down, canvas totally untouched with the green paint beginning to congeal on the bristles. I sighed, my hands shaking a little with hunger. I had been staring at the empty canvas for over two hours, trying to find something to paint. When I had inspiration, I could create masterpieces, like the one next to me, but now, dried paint on my palette showed the fact that I had painter's block. 

"That's alright," I said out loud to nobody in particular. "I'll remember something to paint tonight."

I cleaned my brushes with the spirits that I hardly ever used when I was inspired; the jar was still three quarters of the way full. Hours later, I was back in the studio, my stomach full from the bland chicken I had cooked and a beer in my hand. I laid out everything I needed on the table. My brushes, my paints, my palette. Check. The easel was all set up with the blank canvas. Check. A paint stained rag in which to wipe my brushes, accompanied with the spirits. Check. My favorite purple lighter, for when I needed a little inspiration, and with it, my rubber tourniquet, a spoon, a clean syringe. Check. Cotton balls, and a little container full of pure inspiration on the table. It didn't matter if I would forget my painting in the morning; I just needed to sell my work and make enough money to get my fix again.