**Please let me know what you think!**

The rake struck the car again. The sound was, almost imperceptibly, different from the last time I had hit the car. I paused and rapped the car with the tine of the rake, more gently this time.

Owen, my neighbour, lifted his gaze from his phone. "Is it done yet?"

"Nope."

I closed one eye and carefully aimed. I brought the handle of the rake down, as hard as I could. Owen flinched and jumped at the sudden noise.

"Perfect. Try it now."

Owen cast me a doubtful glance, but bent through the window to put the key in the ignition. I held my breath as he turned the key.

The engine rumbled softly, almost a purr. I grinned.

Owen looked at me in awe, as though I had just brought his puppy back to life. "I don't believe it. That was amazing."

"I think we agreed on doughnuts? Cinnamon, please."

"But it was flat," Owen said insistently. "The battery was completely flat."

"And make sure they're warm. Not many things are quite as bad as cold cinnamon doughnuts."

"Can you at least tell me how you did it?"

I looked around, then beckoned Owen closer. He leaned forward, his eyes wide and enchanted.

"Magic," I whispered.

I burst into laughter at the look on his face.

"Whatever," Owen said, pulling away. "I'll get you your doughnuts by tonight."

As he got into his car and drove away, I called out, "Who's next?"

"Oh, me next!"

The speaker was tiny, old woman, waving her hand like an excited schoolkid.

"Hello, Mrs Davies," I said. "Is it making funny sounds again?"

The old woman nodded. I cast a critical eye at the tiny, yellow Bug and gently brought my rake onto the front. There was a soft clang.

I nodded thoughtfully. "Sounds bad. I may need my rolling pin for this."

"Is because you have a wand hidden in the rolling pin, dear?"

I couldn't help bursting into laughter. "A wand hidden in my rolling pin! You have a great imagination, Mrs Davies!"

Still laughing, I picked up the rolling pin I had left under a bush. A rolling pin would be a ridiculous place to hide my wand.

The rolling pin *was* my wand.

/r/YarnsToTell