Police officers Joya and Perez, both with hands on their holstered service weapon, looked at each other, then back at the living corpse that stood across from them on the side of the road. Its skin was ashen and sagging in places, clothes filthy and torn, hair wild and tossed with debris and crawling insects. Its mouth was permanently agape, eyes yellow, wide and unblinking. The two cops had positioned themselves so that they were upwind.

“You take me back?” it asked.

“Yeah, Ralphie,” Joya answered. “We’re taking you back.”

The decaying fugitive seemed relieved, shoulders drooping even more, which caused its inert arms to flap at its sides.

“Great!” it answered. “Cause this sucks! Can only eat dead animals, no good meal for long time.” A quick laugh erupted from its spoiling innards. “Time make no sense no more either. Me hide from people, no want to kill them. But they want to bash Ralphie’s head in. Ah, my brain gone to shit! Braaain...” it sighed, then looked away, appearing deep in thought.

Perez took handcuffs off his belt and grimaced as he wondered if the undead arms would disintegrate on touch. He had his gloves on, but god he didn’t want to get any closer.

“You fix Ralphie, right?” it asked with a new urgency. “You take back and make normal?”

Joya grimaced as he watched Perez carefully clink one around a wrist. A chunk of flesh fell off like wet crepe paper and plopped to the group. Perez gagged.

“Keep it together,” his partner warned. “Let’s just get this done.”

Joya looked back at what was once Ralphie’s face. The latter was anxiously awaiting confirmation.

“Look, Ralphie,” Joya explained cautiously. “You need to serve your second life sentence. Dying and coming back from the dead is no excuse. The D.A.’s a real ball breaker about that. So yeah, maybe they’ll fix ya, bring you back. I don't know. We’re just the guys who take you back to jail.”

The look on Ralphie’s face changed to unsureness as thoughts fumbled about its putrefied brain. Perez clicked the second cuff around the other wrist and quickly stepped back beside his partner. The look on the undead’s face transformed into rage.

“You fix me!” it yelled, spewing spittle, maggots and sulfur. “You make me live again. You promise!”

“I didn’t promise nothing.” Joya answered, opening the door to the squad car. “Now get in the back.”

“You fix me!” it yelled again. There was a wet tearing sound and both cops stood frozen as they watched one of its decayed arms, then the other, fall from its socket. They dropped to the ground, still cuffed together, fingers twitching. They both looked back up just in time to see it charge. Perez was thrown to ground and Joya was pinned against the car by the zombie’s rotten, armless body. Its face was an inch from Joya’s, eyes wild, and appeared to still want answers.

“Th...they’ll bring you back,” Joya stammered. “They have to, don’t they? I mean, how can you serve a second life sentence like this, right?”

“Braaaains!” It suddenly screamed. Its mouth yawned open impossibly wide, yellow and black teeth fully revealed. Then the head shattered with a deafening report. The corpse slumped to the ground. Joya panted heavily, fighting panic, as he looked over at his partner, who slowly lowered his smoking handgun. 

“Goddamn,” Perez said. “How are we supposed to get any of them in custody if they keep doing that.” He holstered his weapon, shaking his head. 