My shoulder burned from the bite mark. Like acid was seeping through it and into my veins, where it raced through my entire body.

I screamed and swung the crowbar at my neighbour’s head, smashing through teeth newly wet with my blood.

He faltered. “Now, why would you do that, Eva? You were always such a nice little girl. What happened?” His voice was distorted through a broken mouth. He lurched forward to grab me.

I backed up and swung again, cracking the bones in his arms. “Stay away!”

It spoke like Peter. It looked like Peter. But is wasn’t him. A trick. I trick I’d fallen for when he came running in, acting like he wanted to protect me. Then, *bang,* out of nowhere. How could I have predicted. How could I have known?

My heel hit the stairs behind me. Voices shouted from somewhere upstairs. “Eva! They’re coming. Where are you? She was right behind us. Eva!”

I swung again at my old neighbour, trying to grab me even as he spoke with that same calm, cheerful tone he always did. “Such a nice little girl, until you turned sixteen.”

A dozen footsteps pounded through our front door. They shook the floor. Sped to where me and Peter stood. I saw the first one round the corner. “We found a safe place to hide! You have to come with us, now!”

Another trick.

“Eva!” Mom’s voice from upstairs, high and frantic.

I dropped the crowbar, ducked away from Peter as he made another grab for me, and bolted up the stairs, heart pounding, sending the acid racing faster through my veins.

At the top, Mom stood in a doorway at the end of the hall, hands braced on the sides, Dad holding onto her from behind. “You can’t go back down there, Julie!”

Cody peaked past both of them. My little brother.

Mom’s face lit up when she saw me stumble up the last step. “Eva! Come on. Hurry!”

I sprinted down the hall toward them, relief filling my chest. They would help me. We’d find a way to cure the disease before it spread.

But something in them changed as I ran toward them. Mom’s gaze fell on my shoulder, her expression transformed to pure terror. A look I didn’t even recognize. “Eva?”

Dad wrenched her away from the door. “Get in!”

“Mom! Dad!” I shouted. They couldn’t lock me out. I didn’t feel anything, yet. It wasn’t too late. It wasn’t!

They slammed the door just as I reached it, a heavy click sounding as I smashed my hands into it. “No! don’t leave me out here!” I pounded the door, panic filling my chest. The acid seared through my veins, getting worse by the second. “Please! Mom. Dad. Cody. It burns. You have to help me!”

I dragged my fingernails down the white door, screaming, vision blurring as the pain overtook every other sense. Like the acid was eating right through my arteries, bones and muscles. My head felt like it was going to explode, pressure and searing heat burning the back of my eyes.

I barely noticed the sound of footsteps marching up the stairs, or the cries of my little brother on the other side of the door. Small, insignificant noises past my inhuman screams.

*They locked me out! They left me out here with these…these…*

Something shifted in my mind. In my body. The searing subsided. Whatever was in my veins that had felt like acid before, now felt like heaven. Like a euphoric drug lifting me up to the clouds. My screaming faded. I stood up.

The marching footsteps closed in on me from behind. Not menacing, anymore. I turned to face my bludgeoned neighbor. Bludgeoned by *me*. He smiled at me past his broken teeth. “You’re one of us, now. Isn’t it wonderful, Eva? Talk to your family. Make them understand. We’re the future.”

I smiled back at him. Of course we were. Zombies weren’t monsters. We were an evolution. Without all the frail emotional trappings and feelings of pain that normal humans had. “I’ll get them out.”

I turned back to the door. Made my voice high and frantic, like I was a little girl, again. “Mom, *please*! I wasn’t bitten. I’m not a zombie. Let me in. They’re almost here!”

There was a small whimper from the other side of the door. I was getting to them.

There was a rattle on the doorknob, then Dad’s voice. “No! it’s a trick. It’s not her, Julie. Don’t listen to it!”

A choked, muffled sob.

*Emotional humans.*

No matter if they didn’t come out, eventually we would break in. They had nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide.

Eventually, I would make my family one of us. A superior race spreading far and wide across the planet. Nothing could stop us.

Least of all, these frail, emotional humans.