“Johal, have you forgiven me?” the man says in a trembling voice as tears stream down his cheeks. 


Suddenly, the man hunches over clutching his chest. “Are you alright, do you need me to call for an ambulance” I ask in shock, a silly question in the circumstance, I should have called for help immediately. He collapses to the floor with a loud thud. “Andrew call an ambulance, Karleil has collapsed!” I shout to another employee. I turn back to Karleil and gently flip him onto his back so that I can attempt CPR. 


My trembling hands clumsily check for signs of life, and as I look back at his face I noticed some Grey hair that wasn't there before he collapsed. “He seems to be breathing, a bit laboured, but breathing none the less” I think as a sense of relief comes over me and the trembling subsides. “You are going to be okay Karleil” I say to him, more so for my sake as I still have no idea what just happened. 


He slowly opens his eyes, then grasps my arm “Thank you kind stranger, you have no idea how long I have been waiting to hear my name be said out loud” he says as he starts weeping. By this point both his head and face are completely covered with Grey hair. “What is happening to you?” I ask very confused and scared at the sight of a man aging decades in mere minutes. 


“It's alright, you shouldn't be concerned about someone like me” he responds now smiling. “I have lived countless lifetimes, and today is the first time for a very long time that I am able to feel anything other than emptiness” he says. “What do you mean? I don't understand” I reply starting to feel very weird and lightheaded. “It is a 700 year old story of an monster, who had hoped and prayed for redemption to one day be free from mortal bondage” he replies. I remain silent as not to interrupt. 


“I committed atrocious acts in my youth, not caring about anyone or anything I was a God among men. I slew entire villages with my men and we enjoyed it. One day I encountered powerful witch in one of the villages, she slew all of my men and nearly killed me too. But instead she cursed me with immortality, a foolish decision on her part I thought, now there will be no man or beast alive that could kill me. She told me that I would remain cold and heartless for eternity, and that no one will show me kindness or love. I will spend the rest of my days alone longing to fill the bottomless void of emptiness that will consume me. The only way to lift the curse is for someone to say my name, my real name and thank me for an act of kindness or goodwill that I have done for them. “They would need to show tremendous appreciation for your deed, but no one alive today nor in the generations to come will know your name, but you will remember mine for I will imprint it into your heart with fear as you have done to all those whom you have killed.” Johal didn't mention that I would forget my name as well. 


As the years passed I grew empty, nothing made me happy, sad or angry I felt nothing and it was horrible. Eventually I tried to repent to make up for my crimes over the years by helping people and doing what I could to make their lives better. But still nothing happened, the void kept growing like a black hole consuming me more and more each day. I haven't stopped helping people, not because it wanted their appreciation but because they deserve kindness and love, even if I don't and that's okay with me.”


Karleil’s wrinkled hand falls to the ground, and silence fills the isle. I stare at this man who has claimed to be an evil monster, and I want to feel anger and hate towards him. But as I continue to stare at his emaciated body I feel only sorrow and I begin to cry, “Johal has forgiven you, you are free.”




