Joseph peered between the curtains. There it was again, the hooded figure sitting in the gutter. Every Saturday evening, the stranger would sit opposite Joseph's living room window. 

Perhaps it was the police, Joseph thought, or worse, some secret, government agency. He had tried to be careful with the construction of his machine. Perhaps somebody had noticed his erratic purchasing habits and diminishing web presence. Well, he wouldn't have need for any of that now. Tonight was the night he would use his machine. 

Two nights previous he had successfully managed to send himself a wasp in a jar. The wasp came with a small slip of paper explaining that tomorrow, (one day ago), Joseph was to find a wasp in a jar and write this exact note to himself and then send both the jar and the note back 24 hours as a live test. Joseph was feeling lazy so, yesterday, he just sent back the jar and note that had been handed to him by his previous/future self. A small paradox never hurt anybody. Apart from the wasp, who would inevitably continue to age in the time loop and eventually die. Joseph tried not to think about that, especially as this fate had the potential to become much more personal. 

It was for this reason that Joseph vowed never to return to the present. He would keep a logbook of all of his destinations and the time he visited to make certain that he would never see himself. In Joseph's mind, this would reduce the risk of creating a fatal paradox. Joseph took one last look around the living room, psyching himself up for the adventure ahead. 

*Knock!* *Knock!*

Joseph rushed over to the window. The gutter dweller was gone. He considered using the machine to escape, but his curiosity got the better of him. He opened the door, revealing a tall, bulky woman in a hoodie. She deflated in a sigh of relief when she saw Joseph's face.

"You haven't left yet then.", she said, "Nor arrived I guess." 

"Who are you?", asked Joseph, relieved that he wasn't being held against a wall by a SWAT team. 

"Aya.", replied a warm smile, "Can I come in?"

"No, not really. Sorry." excused Joseph, "I'm very busy at the moment."

"I know." beamed Aya, pulling a rather large weapon from her baggy clothing, "I'm coming in Joe."

This was Joseph's first encounter with a gun. This wasn't just a wound-your-boy-scout gun though, this was a hefty kill-the-pesky-time-traveler shotgun. Joseph's legs felt numb as he ran towards the living room to escape through his invention. He heard the *click-clack* sound from the movies behind him as he was about to step into the machine. Involuntarily, he raised his arms above his head.

"Step out of the way," barked Aya, her warm introduction all but extinguished. "Get behind me."

Joseph did as he was told. Aya kept the weapon pointed at the machine. 

"What's the time?" she asked.

"Seven, or about one minute to."

"Good. Stay still. Don't do anything stupid. Also, cover your ears if you want to keep them."

The center of the time machine crackled with emerald sparks as an all too familiar face came in to focus. A sharp bang filled Joseph's ears an blurred his vision. It remained long enough to see body of the new visitor crumble to the ground.

"Your welcome." announced Aya, slinging the shotgun over her shoulder nonchalantly, "You are now free to go when ever you please, paradox free. Never come back, or that bag of bones will be you. If you ever try to kill *you*, know that I'll do it first. Happy travelling. See you around, Joe."

Aya sauntered out of the house as Joseph tried to get his bearings. Still shaking, he stepped over his possible future corpse and climbed into the time machine. 

2099 should do, he thought, that psycho hoodie should definitely have died by then.

He was, of course, quite mistaken.