I opened my eyes – the light, it was too bright. Mommy told me to never look at the sun; she said I would go blind.  I tried to move my arms to block the light, but they aren’t moving. I don’t understand – I can’t lift them. Where did my arms go? 

“Reginald? Oh my god – you’re awake.” The lady said. She had a sweet voice, like mommy. I heard a door open and close. Where am i? 

“Mommy? Where are you?” I asked. My voice was low, lower than even daddy. 

I wonder if I have a cold. When daddy gets a cold, his voice gets low; he sounds just like a monster. I tried to move my legs, but they won’t work either. I’m stuck here, I think I feel something inside me? What is it? I’m scared. I try to open my eyes again, slowly now, but the light is still too bright. I start crying. 

“Mommy? Daddy? What’s going on?”

“Reginald. Oh, you poor man. I’m so, so sorry.” The lady says. I like her voice, it sounds nice.  “Do you know where you are?”

“No. Where’s mommy? Where’s my sister?” I said. 

I remember we were playing at the park – I was running towards the blue slide. I felt something funny in my head; I saw the tops of the trees. They were green and red and yellow – so pretty.

“Reginald – you’re in a hospital. You were sick for a very long time.”

“I’m in a hospital? Am I sick anymore?”

“No, you’re not sick anymore. Can you open your eyes? I’ll tell you all about mommy and daddy and your sister.”

“I can’t, my eyes hurt too much” I said, crying. I didn’t want to talk to the nice lady anymore, I just wanted to go home.

I felt the lights go out, and the nice lady came back. She put her hand on my forehead, covering my eyes. 

“Ok, now open your eyes slowly. If it hurts too much tell me.” She said.

I opened my eyes. She had her hands covering them, like when I played peekaboo. Slowly she lifter her hands I could see the bed. I was in the doctors, and a bunch of tubes were plugged into me. There were scary lights that beeped and flashed. I looked so big now, and so old. I started crying again. 

“It’s going to be ok. I promise. Would you like to see mommy and daddy now?” the nice lady asked.

I nodded. She went to the wall and pressed a button. The wall lit up with light. In wonder I stared at the light. It was a picture, but in colors! And it was moving. I could hear them talking – mommy and daddy and sister – and another boy I did not recognize.

“Reggie. Hi sweetheart. If you are watching this – Your daddy and I may be a long way away, and your sister might be all grown up now, and this - this is your baby brother.” Mommy said. The boy waved and smiled. He seemed nice, I like him. Maybe he will want to play cars with me. Mommy seemed sad, she was crying. Daddy seemed sad too, but he never cried. 

“Hey there sport. I know you’re going to grow up to be a big, strong man someday. I want you to know that I’m so proud of you, and I love you so much.” Daddy said.

My sister spoke next. “Hi Reggie. Mommy and Daddy say you’re going to be asleep for a long time. I’m mad because when you’re asleep you get to dream, and you get to dream for a long time. I hope you have good dreams, like the one where you were playing with the little duckies at Grandpapas. You told me that was your favorite.”

The moving picture stopped, and the nice lady turned off the wall. 

“Reggie, that was over 60 years ago. You’re all grown up now.” The nice lady said.

I tried to shake my head no, but my head wouldn’t work. The nice lady came over and gave me a hug. I could feel she was warm, and it made me feel a bit better.

“Can I ready you a story? Your mommy left this for you; she said you liked stories.”

She held up a book. It was the big red book. 

“Digging dog. Read digging dog.” I said excited. The digging dog story was my favorite.

“Ok, sweetie – digging dog it is.” The nice lady said. she looked sad; she had tears in her eyes too. She looked a lot like how mommy looked on the video. I wonder why they were so sad? 

The nurse started reading, “I was the saddest dog you could ever see…”

&#x200B;

r/BLT_WITH_RANCH