She was beautiful. Her brown, curly hair splayed out on her pillow, her deep, emerald green eyes bulging in terror, her perfect, luscious lips gasping for breath. Her skin was perfect, not a blemish in site, at least not if you counted the tear tracks that streaked through her foundation, smudging what was one a perfect cat eye, and washing away her mascara. Her throat was slim, perfect for kissing, a perfect fit for the size of my hands. She was a petite little thing, and she struggled beneath me, though I held her down easily just by squeezing and pushing down on her neck. 

Any minute now.

We had met just a few weeks ago, and had immediately started dating. I'd never been into the dating thing, nor had I ever been into the aging thing. The idea of wrinkles had always put me in a bad mood. I also desperately tried not to imagine what my chest would look like when my breasts began to sag, or what my hips would look like with stretch marks. My friend had set me up on a blind date with this girl, giving me only a name, Sarah. I had been taken aback by the beauty and grace that had presented herself to me that day and I knew immediately that she would end up dying at my hands. The date was fun. We had a few drinks, had dinner, and then I took her home. We continued to go out for those few weeks, and the sex had been fantastic. Inevitably, today had arrived, and as her body stilled beneath my fingers, I felt for a pulse. Feeling none, I bent forward, pressing a gentle kiss to her forward, then removed myself from her bed, running my fingers through my hair, pushing it back from my face. It had had to happen. Still having my youthful appearance was something I prided myself in, and I wasn't going to let anyone take that away from me. 

Pulling my cell phone out from my pocket, I selected the contact of one of my best friends, the only person who knew what I was doing. He had found his soulmate sometime ago and was starting to show his age, though apparently he didn't mind it, not as much as I did. I had always thought he would end up looking like one of those old silver foxes, and if he continued down the aging process as he was now, he was not going to disappoint. 

Alex showed up at Sarah's apartment 20 minutes later, a big, black trash bag in hand. He walked in without a word, and I pointed him in the direction of the bedroom. It usually only took him a few minutes to bag the body, depending on how much of a mess I made, and keeping to that time frame, came back out into the living room. He put the body down before asking, "Why?"

I was standing by the window, staring out into the rain that splattered against the glass. Feeling incredibly like a cliche I said, "Because I loved her."

Alex huffed behind me, picking the bag back up and heading out of the apartment. Because he put the bodies in bags no one had ever stopped to ask him what he was carrying. People had found the bodies in the past, not all of them, but some, and hadn't connected any of them to me. I had burned off my finger prints a long time ago, not wanting to bother with gloves. It was too much hassle and I'd have to remember to bring them, which wouldn't really work because my killings tended to be spur of the moment, opportunity killings. Sighing, I gathered my things, set them by the door, and went about cleaning the apartment, leaving it spot less. It would gather dust while it waited to be discovered. I'd see Sarahs picture on the news, just another missing person. Depending on where Alex dumped the body she, potentially, would never be found, and would always be just another missing person. I felt a little bad, thinking about what her parents would go through, but I didn't care enough to not have killed her. 

I exited the building, locking her apartment behind me, taking the keys with me. I'd dump it in a trash can somewhere between here and my apartment. Some would think I wasn't very careful about keeping the trail from pointing towards me but I really couldn't care less. If the police ever figured out that I was the one killing my soulmates then so be it. If they threw me in jail I'd for sure stay young forever so it didn't really bother me. 

45 minutes later, I got a text from Alex, letting me know the body had been dealt with. He never told me where he put it, I didn't want to know. I wondered for a moment if cleaning up after me took a toll on Alex in anyway, but I assumed that he would tell me if it was, and put it out of my mind.  While I had my phone out, I texted the friend that had set me up with Sarah in the first place:

*It didn't work out with Sarah and me. We broke up. I don't really want to talk about it, but just thought I should let you know...*

***Oh no! Honey I'm so sorry. Okay no worries, I'm here if you want to talk.***

*Thanks.*

Of course that wasn't the end of it, my friend couldn't leave me alone. I got a text 10 minutes later:

***When you feel ready, there's someone I want you to meet. She's a friend of a friend and I think you'll really like her.***

I sighed, squeezing the bridge my nose. "Here we go again..."