"We've been at this for quite a while mortal" Death said, this time dressed as some punk rocker girl with black hair and purple tips.

Thomas sighed, "Listen, for once could you use my name? *Any* of them will do! Just knock it off with the 'mortal' crap."

She flashed a bony, macabre smile, almost as if she had no lips for a moment "Maybe when you stop winning I might. Go ahead, just call the flip. We will see if I win you this time."

Thomas flashed a dark look at the avatar for a brief moment, "YOU will never 'win' me. You may win the contest one day, but not me!"

His face relaxed into a bored look once more, drumming the coin along the table.

Death's face squirmed with impatience, "Oh come on mortal just complete the task. I have things to do you know!"

He huffed out a breath, "Time is a mortal construct and you taught me that about coin flip #100? Right when you pulled me up for helping people during---"

"Yeah the Black Death I know!" She slammed her bony hand on the table, flesh returning to shape around it as she gestured, "I caught a shit rap sheet with your kind during that moment. One of the many reasons why I hate your kind."

He quirked an eyebrow up, finally a conversation with him/her/it after all these centuries.

Leaning over the table, face within inches of Death's he asked, "What are the other reasons?"

Death sat back, this time shaping form into a grizzled veteran of some long distant war.

Suited in a uniform with strange flags from centuries ago, "Because at the same time you honor and praise me, you condemn and damn me. You ungrateful insolent little pricks. You're like children that scream at their parents then suddenly go to hug them upon their final sleep."

Thomas remembered the various times he lived. 

Poet, beggar, simple farmer, and eventually politician.

What no one told him at the beginning was how much he would remember after each game.

*He remembered* how it felt to beg for scraps of food, the fresh smell of a good harvest, and so much more.

During this last trip, he was a prominent diplomat; hailed for numerous peace initiatives, but was cut down by a sniper's bullet just short of running for Presidency.

Death now looked like an old professor of his from a few centuries ago, thumbing through a manilla folder containing this incarnation's life story. 

The spectre chuckled, "Even you of all people should recognize how hypocritical they are, your kind. After all cutting you down and all you did was try to *bring peace* to them." It looked off into the void and mumured, "I'll be busy soon enough. Only I won't be able to clock back in until you flip this damn COIN!"

Thomas slammed his fist on the table, "If I do then I'll win! We start this crap over and over once more!"

"Then surrender the game!" Death roared.

"THAT'S NOT IN OUR NATURE!" He roared back and flung the coin into the void as hard as possible.

Death watched it sail into the abyss and only whispered, "Going to be a hell of a flip if it actually HITs anything." Turning back to Thomas, "Care to call it now?!"

"Edge," he huffed.

"No deal mortal, you tried that crap at flip #200. It *has* to be a side, just like I said during flip #1." Death didn't want to get up, but the coin was sailing along the inky black rather nicely right now.

Thomas scoffed as he pulled up that memory, "Yeah I remember that flip. I remember the joy in my heart as I returned as a 20 year old. I also remember trying to go back "home" to my first life's town and see if I could find her."

Death, shaping into an elderly woman, leaned forward and whispered, "I know and I will apologize for not telling you about that bit of advice. I remember her quite well. Nice lady, emotionally weakened after your first final sleep. You coming back was---"

"Was a damn idiotic thing to do!" He stared at the elderly lady visage.
Continuing with tears in his eyes, "She didn't *understand*. She didn't realize that I came back to continue life with her! She---", choking back the sobs as Death finished the rest.
"She jumped, right into my arms. Your kind called it suicide."

Thomas' head slammed against the table as he cried and roared, "WHY DIDN'T SHE GET A COIN FLIP?!"
Death's elderly lady visage finally touched his hand in a moment, the cold and empty nothing at least providing some feeling to him, "Mortal, she *left*. She didn't try to stay, try to fight, and wasn't taken too soon. You died protecting children from local bandits. You went too early and as per my contract with your realm, I offered you a chance. If it makes you feel any better, I always hope you lose."

Suddenly a ripple emerged in the inky black, a bronzed skinned hand holding the glowing coin peeked through.
The hand, arm, and rest of the body stepped through staring at the pair.

She was beautiful, bronzed skin, dark eyes, and matching colored hair spilled out like a river over her shoulders and down her back.
Thomas was stunned, "N...Natalie?"

Death merely looked at Thomas, "You were crying and I called in someone to counsel you."
Thomas looked confused, "You never took your hand off mine. How could this be?'
Pulling away the spectral bony hand, it merely chuckled, "You have *so much* to learn."

Her soft voice echoed through him as she sat next to Death and held the mortal's hand, "Ethan, yes I'll always remember you with that name. You *must* attempt your flip. You were chosen for this. There is no other way."

Clutching her hand in his; frantic with his retort, "Bu..but if I do, I'll just win against him again!"
Death mulled over a thought, snapped it's fingers together and spat out, "Flip against her."

Natalie looked in Death's direction, "Pardon me?"
"Yeah, he flips against you. After all mortal, didn't you just say that *I* will never win you?"

Thomas/Ethan took the coin from her hand, looking into her eyes, "What is the wager to this game?" Chanting the words that first came to him upon his first death.

She smiled, "If I win you come with me, wherever we go from here."
Thomas/Ethan was about to speak when Death interrupted, "If you win, mortal, you both go into the abyss and I never deal with you again."

Death pointed to the inky nothing where the coin was thrown into earlier.

Thomas/Ethan steadied himself, flipped the coin, and called for "Heads".
It landed TAILS, Death could only laugh a deep and dark chuckle.

"Finally, " Death stood up and offered a hand to Thomas/Ethan, "Good game Ethan. I'm happy to finally see you lose a contest."
Death took the form of Ethan's father from back in the Bronze Age, a stout old man with wrinkles around his eyes and no hair on his head, but a big smile flashed across his face.

Ethan took the hand, shook it, and smiled at Natalie.
She offered a slight rub of his back, directing him to a wonderful, bright, beautiful light, "Go on love. I'll join you in a second. We shall never part after this."

Before joining him, Natalie formed into a punk rocker girl with black hair and purple tips, Death shaped into a male version of her form.
Natalie smirked at the glowing light, "So you finally won. After all I'm you right?"

Death shrugged, "No, but yes, but in a way he was right. *I* didn't win him. *You* did Natalie."

She turned to face him placing her hands on her hips, "Yes but you did win the contest, right?" Death nodded, she rolled her eyes, then a thought came to her, "You called him by name. You didn't say 'mortal', why's that?"

Death turned to face the white light, "Because in the end he played a good game."