“There were some… complications,” the doctor told me.  My head spun for a moment, and as my vision blurred with worry, the doctor’s white lab coat disappeared against the white walls of the hospital.  I shook my head to bring my vision back.

“With… with the surgery?” I asked.  I turned and looked through the glass at the room my friend Melissa was in, asleep in the hospital bed, a bandage still wrapped around her eyes.

“Not with the surgery… we’re… we’re not sure exactly what’s wrong.  The procedure was a success; she should be able to see fine… She’s chosen to put the blindfold back on herself,” the doctor said.  “It could be the anesthetic that we used, but it appears she's having hallu-”

At this point I tuned the doctor out.  I didn’t feel like listening to his dissertation full of complicated medical terms I wouldn’t understand.  I put my hand up on the glass, and felt my heart pound in my chest.  “I’ll keep my promise,” I whispered to myself as I flexed my fingers against the glass.  I was the one who had encouraged her to go through with the process.  If something had gone wrong...

“… Sir?” the doctor said, an annoyed fluctuation to his voice.

“Oh, yes, sorry,” I apologized, facing the man.

“You were the only person on her emergency contacts list… does she have any other family we should notify?” he asked.

I shook my head.  “Her family was in a bad traffic accident years ago.  She was the only survivor.  My family took her in after that.”

***BOOM!***

The doctor and I jumped, and looked towards the window.  Melissa was standing right in front of the glass, snickering.  She had taken the blindfold off, and her blue eyes sparkled as she smiled warmly and waved to me through the glass.  The doctor didn’t seem amused.  He snorted shortly, and folded his arms.  “Well, she suddenly seems in a better mood.”

I didn’t react.  I was too busy realizing this was the first time Melissa had ever actually seen me, and a wave of insecurity washed over me.  I pushed that aside; this moment’s focus needed to be on her.  My best friend who had been blind since her birth could finally see.  “You can go in if you’d like,” said the doctor.  I turned to him, with a blank expression.  “… The doors there.  Go on in.”  I nodded, and a wide grin spread across my face as I moved to the door and turned the handle.  As soon as there was enough space for a body between the door and the door frame, Melissa leapt into me.

“Corey!” she cried happily, greeting me with a hug.  I held her tightly for a moment before she stepped back.  Then she set her hands against my face and felt the contours of my features.  I stood still, patiently.  I was used to this.  “Yeah… that’s about right,” she remarked as her eyes followed her hands.  Then she grinned slyly.  “… You’re not as tall as I thought you would be.”

“I’m still taller than you,” I reminded her.

She pouted exaggeratedly for a moment.  “I’ll have to get another surgery to fix that at some point.”  I rolled my eyes, and was not prepared for Melissa’s reaction to that.  “What did you just do!?  What was that?  Why did your eyes do that?” she questioned, excitement in her voice.

“That’s what ‘rolling your eyes’ is,” I informed her.

“Oh…” she said thoughtfully.  Then her brow furrowed.  “Hey!” she cried.  I just laughed.  Then Mellissa looked past me to the doctor.  “So when can I get out of here?” she asked.

“Soon,” he said.  “I just to finish up the discharge paperwork.  You sure you’re alright?”

“Absolutely!” she declared, giving a thumbs-up.  “I’m ready to see the world!”  Melissa’s eyes sparkled with anticipation.

I couldn’t help but smile, not just with my mouth, but with my entire being.  Melissa had always been full of life despite her disability, but the energy that radiated from her was like nothing I’d ever felt before.  I couldn’t wait to drive her around town, and show her everything.  I couldn’t wait to see her eyes continue to sparkle with awe at everything she had been missing out on for the first 20 years of her life.

But then, a short while later, once we were situated in my car and beginning to pull out of the hospital parking lot, she pulled the blindfold back over her eyes.

“Melissa?  What are you doing?” I asked.

“Just go.  Take me home,” she said shortly.  If I hadn’t been looking at her, I would have thought a different person had spoken.

“What?  Why?  Don’t you want to-” I started to protest.

“GO,” she said, intensity in her voice.  I closed my mouth.  “… We need to get away from here before they notice.”

“… They? … The doctors?” I asked.

Melissa shook her head.  “Go.  Just go.  We need to go.  Stop talking and go,” she said.  She kept her voice calm, but a certain waver in her tone told me she was on the verge of losing her nerve.

“… Melissa… if you’re not feeling well maybe we should stay here and-” I was silenced again as she set her hand on my leg.

“… Corey.  Please.  Drive me home.  It’s not safe here,” she said quietly.

I swallowed, wondering what the right thing to do was, but my gut told me she was serious.  I nodded, and pulled out of the parking lot.

https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCornerStories/