"Boy" 

"Yes, father"

"We have other journey to go on"

"Where to"

"In the direction of the prayers"

"What prayers", "What must we do" 

"End a war", "bring me my axe"

"Ok", *drops axe while returning* "AGH, im sorry" 

"Hi sorry I'm Kratos"

"What?"

"Nothing hand it to me and lets leave", "its going to be a long journey out of midgard..."

"Father they call it suburbia now, its been along time since its been called midgard" 

"You are right, i am sorry"

"Dont be sorry, be better"

"BOY!"

"Your words not mine"

"Just get in the car...", "do you have your rifle" 

"Yes... is brok still in town, the runes he engraved are kinda faded... doesnt shoot as powerful" 

"He will find us on the way, he always does"

"I met a really pretty girl, can i say good bye?", "this sounds dangerous"

"Can she fight?" 

"Yes but not as well as us"

"Then teach her when we return"

"Oh...ok"

*whistling*

"Boy, do you hear that"

"Hear wha- yea.... FATHER GET DOWN!!

*A large bomb goes off in the distance*

"ATREUS!!" 

"I'm fine the house isn't damaged...i need to go check on some one!" *Atreus rushes out the house* 

"BOY WAIT!!!"

*rows of fire fire bombs detonate in from of them* 

"Father, the planes! What symbol is that!"

"I Don't know shoot them down"  

"But father they're too far"

"Not for you", " remember boy, accuracy of speed...there's 4 of them where do you think you should shoot" 

"Uhhh, the engines... the cockpit has too many variables" 

" them bring them down..."

"Ok, i got it", "breathe, stay calm, accuracy.." *fires 8 times" "I GOT THEM!!!"

"Excellent, i will allow you to go check on your affairs. I will investigate" 

*kratos walks to the wrecks alone*

"Hey, big guy hands up"

"Leave if you wish not to die"

"HANDS UP, or i run those tatts of yours with blood" 

*Atreus calls from a distance* 

"Boy, stay back" 

*the soldier turns and kratos runs his axe through the mans head* 

"Come now boy", "whos flags are these"

"I never seen them but the look like russian, wait but this is a korean symbol... i thought the swore peace years ago.", " But this is a religious symbol here, we killed all the gods of all the lands....why would russia and korea pray to the same god" 

"No we didnt, theres 3 gods left, "how is the girl you hold close to you" 

"Shes fine her family has a bunker... who were these three gods"

"The all stay on seperate planes of existence, one is called the one God a 3rd of the population believed in him and his false claims but then he vanished and his follower did aswell. he had a demigod son name jesus, but they were not the kind to desire fight... instead the wanted unity so the used lies because the truth wouldve never brought the out come the wanted" 

"He sounds nice but he should've done things differently... what about the other two" 

"One is called lucifer, the polar opposite of the one, god of music and evil and a creation of the one"

"Why would the one make a god of evil"

"He did not wish to, he grew that way, the last god idk who he is... but he is who we must kill" 

*Kratos and Atreus stopped many battles and conflicts on their travels, this lead to them gaining a following of the soldiers who didnt want to fight any more and just see an end to the war* 

"The sources of the prayers, is just ahead"

"Father this place feel dark, like a graveyard" 

"We are here"

* a man shrouded in darkness awaits them*

"Greetings god of war, i am the last god of the big 3 I...I am Death"

"Death, you used to be a horseman of the apocalypse, why are you a god but not your fellow riders" 

"Silence boy, why do you bring me here death"

"To answer the young man question, because i was the strongest and killed the other... and to you deity of war, i made a grave mistake"

"Was that a pun"

"Silence boy", "what is this mistake" 

"Killing the other horsemen, i wanted no equal so badly i started a war to end all wars and i cant end it unless i erase life as we know it... which would erase myself too"

 "What does that have to do with us" 

"Nothing, but without the other horsemen theres no one to control the world. War is dead so conflict started, fury is gone so tension continued to rise. I need you to ask The one to restore the horsemen" 

"What will we get"

"I will give back the life of that boys mother"

"Liar" said Atreus

"If u can bring her back why not your brothers?"

"They souls arent handled by me, only by the one"

"Fine, i find and ask god your question", "if you deceive me you will die"

"If you could kill me" 

*death turns Kratos arm to bone* 

*Kratos hand begins to burn and arm starts to regenerate* 

"You will die..."

(Should i write a part 2?) 