I could see my eyes were swollen and red in the dirty mirror I was blindly gazing in. Patience was always something I seemed to struggle with, but the ghosts always seem to remind me of practice. This particular one, however, was ruthless and it was starting to break me. 

"Please. Please, baby. I cant leave until we say goodbye. I'm so sorry. Please"  

A part of me didnt ever want him to leave, a part of me still felt a sense of home, one of which I have never felt before, but my eyes hurt and I am tired. He had died only 6 weeks prior, suicide. In all honesty I felt it was inevitable that it would happen, but it didn't make it any easier and neither did his spirit. 

He was sad too, you could tell he was regretful. His eyes almost just as swollen as mine. He was impulsive, thats part of what I loved so much about him. Our life was spontaneous and grand, until it wasn't. All I could hear in the nights was screaching and howling, wishing he could come back. At first he thought I couldnt see him, that I didnt even realize he was there. He soon realized when i just couldnt drown out the screams. 

I always felt something bad would come out of me interacting with the spirits around me. It felt as if I was always dealing with a curse rather than a blessing, something always dark sinister lurked behind every spirit. My patience and hesitation was running thin. I missed my husband, and we are always told "At least they arent hurting any more" yet here he was, hurting more and more every day than he ever did on earth. One acknowledgement, what could one last simple "I love you" hurt? 

I turn from the fog of the mirror, looking towards the corner of the room where I could see him curled in a fetal position, he seemed to have been running out of hope too. 

"I... I love you.... Go."

That was it. Thats all it took, he looks up and a wide, malicious smile sweeps across his face, ear to ear. A louder screech filled the room, much louder than any scream or wail coming from my husband the last few weeks. It immediately handicaps me to the floor, i cant move, and the last thing I see on earth is a tall, foul, black as midnight creature lunging towards me. 

Something sinister. 




Footnote; havent written in a while. I know there are errors and it may seemed rush but I am sleepy and my phone is broken and I cant see half my keyboard and it overheats lol. 