I swear this happened exactly as I'm saying, but there's no way I'll put my name on it.  They'd lock me in the looney bin forever.

I was just sitting on the sofa, watching TV, and then I was sitting in a room with no chair and fell on my butt.  My back was against something - well, not something, more nothing, but nothing that felt like something.  Like a forcefield I guess.  There were markings on the floor that lined up, and some candles nearby.

And there was some sort of odd alien looking up from a book and saying "Ah, and now you are summoned!  I have bound you to my will!"  So I said "What for?"

He, I guess it was a he, said "To exact revenge on my enemies!"  He shuffled through some pictures and showed me one.  "Kill him!"  I said "Murder is immoral, I don't know who that is, I seem to be stuck in a forcefield, and I wouldn't know how to kill one of you guys anyway.  Do you even have hearts?"

The alien seemed confused for a moment.  "You can't smite my enemies?"  I said "I don't even know what 'smite' means, but it sounds kind of rude.  Speaking of which, why am I stuck in this forcefield?  That seems rude too."

Now he was angry.  "What kind of demon are you?!  I summoned a demon from Hell, I want some action!  Grant me wealth, or power, or something!  I command you!  You will help me commit murder!"

I just shrugged.  "Dude, I work part time at a Tim Horton's.  Does that sound to you like someone with wealth and power?"

He looked even more confused.  "The devil's name is Tim Horton?"

I said "Somehow I don't think so.  I'm not even sure Tim Horton is a real person; maybe it's like Aunt Jemima."

"Demons have aunts?"

"Why do you keep saying I'm a demon?"

"Because I used a demon summoning spell!  Don't you come from a place of misery ruled by an evil being?"

"Well, that's maybe overstating it a little, but I guess you're not too far off."

"So you should have some kind of special powers that don't exist on my world!"

"Well, okay, but I don't know what powers exist on your world, so how am I supposed to know what's considered special?"

"Don't you know anything?!"

"I know lots of stuff.  I just don't know anything about you.  What makes you think you're important enough that I should care about you at all?"

"Because I summoned you!"

"Well, actually, you did do that.  I suppose that connects us somehow.  I guess I could give you some sort of powers; can you guys do math?"

"Of course we can do math!  I don't what math power!"

"Hmm.  How about juggling?  Do you know how to juggle?"

"No, but I don't want that.  I want something that will let me wreak vengeance on those who have wronged me!"

"How about flying?  Can you fly?"

"Fly?  Flying?!  Yes, that one.  If I could fly, I do all kinds of things!"

"Well, okay, let's do that.  I'll focus on you, and you go open the window."

He walked over to the window, and turned a crank to open it up.  "Okay," he said, "I've got it open.  Now what?"

I said, "Stand on the ledge, and picture yourself flying, and jump into the air."

He did.  And did not so much fly as plummet.

A few hours later, some sort of uniformed people came into the room.  One screamed.  A guy (I guess it was a guy) who looked like a cleric looked at me and said "This demon drove him to jump to his death!"  I said "He said he wanted to murder people.  He demanded I help him commit a murder.  There was only one person here I had the power to kill, and I was required to obey."

The cleric said "Back to Hell with you!" and blew out the candles.  Which was fine with me.  At least here we have Tim Horton's.
