The bonfire roared and swayed. The winter winds were ruthless under the veil of the night. They billowed and hissed along the woods. It felt as if they were trying to tell us something. To warn us, even.

John the werewolf, sat beside me, cooking some marshmallows. Ruth the unicorn, shone amidst the distant shadows. She and Petyr the vampire, who had turned into a bat, watched our surroundings. 

Our encounters hadn't been peaceful. John almost torn me in half, Ruth stabbed me with her iridescent horn, and Petyr bit me numerous times. However, that was centuries ago when none of them had a clue that I was immortal. Now they knew, as much as they knew I longed dying.

The Seer of the Mist, an old creature hiding inside a box, had told me I had to fulfill my purpose in order to shake Death's hand. It took me far too long to understand what my purpose was. However, the moment I discovered John, I knew. I had to prove the existence of all these mythical creatures, *and* document it.

Only Bigfoot remained, and every clue aimed at this forest.

"What if he doesn't exist?" John said as he played with his marshmallow.

"He does," I said, and a log snapped. "The Seer of the Mist gave me a book the second time I met him. Every single creature listed in it lived. Bigfoot is no exception."

Petyr landed on my shoulder. When he was a bat, he communicated telepathically. That's something people didn't know about vampires, much as they didn't know that werewolves didn't need a full moon to shapeshift, or that unicorns are aggressive and vicious creatures.

*There's an enormous depression surrounded by leaves two miles away from our location.*

I eyes Petyr. "Did you go in?" John offered me a marshmallow and I devoured it in a single bite.

*No, but it smells of rotten meat and skin. I recognize the succulent scent of dead animals very well. Whatever lays in there, needs a plethora of food.*

"Interesting," John said. "However, maybe that scent could belong to stupid animals that fell and died of starvation."

*No, something is eating down there. Something big.*

My jumped to my throat. Perhaps, Bigfoot was like mermaids. Common folklore spoke of mermaids as having the size of a human, but in reality they were gargantuan beasts.

My hand moved to the hilt of my sword. "Have you seen any big traces?"

*No, but it's a start.*

I stood up and whistled. It was our sign to gather and advance together. Ruth came sprinting with a dead squirrel in her mouth. John's bones popped, and morphed. His skin filled with pale-white hairs, and his teeth turned to knives. We were ready.

Soon, we reached the leaves Petyr mentioned. The stench was horrid, not succulent. Vampires had strange tastes. The noises of the forest seemed to have succumbed to the will of silence. As if nothing dared to come close to that area, not even the winds.

"I will go in first," I whispered. "I will yell further commands from below. Ruth, be prepared to take me out if there's nothing in there, and to all of you, be prepared to fight."

They nodded. The pile of leaves was gigantic, and the depression looked like a bottomless hole. Fuck it. I couldn't die.

I barreled toward the center, fighting and crunching leaves as I advanced. The hole was in front of me. I sprung with the bravery of a man eager to die. If fortune gave me a hand, Bigfoot would be down ther--

I struck something solid, hard as steel, at the rim of the hole, as if an invisible wall was protecting it. A spell? That would be new.

Only that it wasn't.

The ground trembled, and the forest cried. The surrounding trees were obliterated by something, and soon I was a hundred feet in the air, being crushed by an invisible hand, an enormous one.

My bones cracked, and shattered to dust. Then, the monster released me. It made sense now. Bigfoot was invisible. The depression wasn't a depression or a hole, it was his goddamned foot. Had this creature been standing in the same place all his life?

Ruth caught me in the air, leaving a rainbow trail in her wake. Petyr landed on my shoulder again, while Josh frantically attacked the air. Literally the air.

*What do we do?*

My bones regrew, and I breathed deeply. Ruth maneuvered erratically. I unsheathed my sword, but all I found were little vestiges of my beloved weapon.

"I have an idea. Petyr, help John, and distract this beast. Ruth take me back to the bonfire."

Ruth obliged without a hint of disappointment. She was vicious, but she was smart too. This was a fight we couldn't win.

Soon, we reached the bonfire. I bolted toward my satchel and dug out the book The Seer of the Mist had gave me. It was called: *Myths in the flesh.* When he gave it to me, it had the name of a fantasy creature followed by a bunch of blank pages, and then the name of another creature. I understood my purpose what to complete it.

I dug out my quill and inkwell, and started writing. Trees kept snapping in the distance. We had to duck, for Bigfoot threw one our way. I hoped John and Petyr could hold him long enough.

It took me twenty minutes, but I wrote the basics of Bigfoot. I hoped that would be enough. Then, I left the book back inside my satchel.

"Take me there," I said with a grin. "As soon as I touch the ground, you take Petyr and John back. I have a plan."

Ruth tilted her head, and I nodded. She knew.

I got on her back, and soon we were back in the fight. John was running at the speed of thunder around Bigfoot's invisible foot. Petyr was hiding amidst the leaves of a tree.

"Go back," I yelled. "It's over!"

Both Petyr and John came barreling back to us.

"What's the plan?" John asked, panting.

"Leave with Ruth," I said. "This is my fate, old friends."

They shared a bemused look, and their faces distorted.

*You have finished the book.*

I nodded. "At last."

"We will take care of it," John said. His bloodshot eyes were glossy. 

A passing tree whirred in our ears. That was their queue. 

They left, but I stayed. It would be my last fight.

And I wasn't going to win.

-------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall - For more stories!
   

