"Ah, mister Devery," greeted the glowing woman in white. She held a clipboard that shifted and blurred together with the radiance of her hands. 

Her newly conjured guest flashed a smile that quickly dropped to incredulity. He turned slowly in a circle and nothing he saw quite registered until his gaze fell back on the luminous woman. "Hi."

"You've led a good and full life mister Devery-"

"I'm sorry -thank you- I'm sorry but I just have *so many questions*."

"I know. It's not the best system we have. I do apologize, but we do have a whole lot of people waiting."

"Please, continue."

"You've earned yourself a quite admirable total of one hundred and twenty two points. You can use these points to better your afterlife experience, or, you can simply donate them to a randomly selected newborn."

Mister Devery laughed. "Who would have thought? And here they were teaching me about the 'holy trinity'." 

The woman smiled. 

"Of course I'll donate."

"Of course you will." She winked and then placed a commending hand on his shoulder.

Mister Devery vanished.

-----------------

Priscilla appeared before the glowing woman with the clipboard and instantly assumed a look of shock, and then utter indignation. 

"What the hell?" Priscilla asked. "Am I seriously freaking dead?" 

"You are," assured the woman. 

"That is sooo much bullshit..."

"I admit the system could have been designed better."

"Um, yeah."

"Priscilla, you've led a fairly short life, but a full and well provisioned one. As for points there was a significant change from your last score of one twenty two. This time around you totaled a resounding negative forty five."

"What? Bullshit. You're making that up."

"You can either accept the repercussions of this score on your own afterlife experience, or you can pass it on to some poor unsuspecting newborn."

"Ugh. Let some other asshole deal with that."

"Of course." The woman placed a firm hand on Priscilla's shoulder and she vanished.

----------------

"You've led a difficult life, misses Hanford, and a very long one considering."

"Wh-what's that now? What's that you say young lady?"

"Despite the obstacles, you've managed to accrue a very admirable two hundred and ten points. Congratulations, misses Hanford."

"Why, why, thank you dear."

"You can either accept these points yourself and apply them to your afterlife experience, or donate them to a newborn baby for its future."

"Oh no. No no no. That's no good. A youngen's got to learn for themselves. That's how I did it. No fancy little hand-outs, no dear. I'll take my points young lady."

"Very well." The woman ushered miss Hanford to the door of heaven. 

Miss Hanford shuffled through. "Thank you, sweetie." 

The woman with the clipboard sighed as she looked on into the paradise, full of elderly folk, shuffling along and enjoying their afterlife their own leisurely pace. 

The woman shook her head. "Terrible, terrible system."