I stared at the screen.

"Did you all just feel that?"

Feel what? I had been out cold after a long night until a few minutes ago when my roommate's cat started batting me in the face to get him food. Little bastard.

I clicked on the post and scrolled through the replies. Reading through them, my jaw dropped lower and lower. 

*"The only way I can describe it is... unimaginable joy"*

*"A sense of love and acceptance"*

*"It was like someone wrapped a warm blanket around me on a cold winter's day.*

*"I was touched by God"*

*"I started crying. I felt like, for the first time in my life, that things were going to be ok."*

What. 

"James! Get in here!" I shouted to my roommate.

"Hmrrunnnh" Came the reply from the other room. 

"Wake the hell up, this is big!"

In his boxer shorts and yellow (formerly white) sleep shirt, James staggered in.

"You need to look at this."

"What're you talking about, man?"

"Just read the post. Trust me."

I got up out of my chair and deposited myself on a sofa in front of the TV while James started reading. Out of the corner of my eye I could see his jaw dropping lower and lower while I flipped to the news.

*"...eryone on Earth experienced a sudden and striking emotional response at 7:26 AM CST. Although everyone describes this feeling slightly differently, the general consensus is that it conveyed a sense of... acceptance and almost childlike wonder. Still no explanation as to how or why this has happened..."*

I muted the TV. 

"So basically God is giving us all feel good juices now?" James remarked from behind me.

"Hmm" I replied.

"Or the government. They could be, like, making chemicals to keep the populace docile or something."

"On the news they said everyone experienced it at the exact same time. You couldn't distribute chemicals that uniformly."

"I'm just tossin' out theories here, man. You got anything?"

"Yeah, actually I think it could be..."

But I stopped when I saw the look on his face. He had turned sheet white and was pointing at the muted TV behind me. 

I turned to see video of a massive silver disk hovering motionless above a small rural town. The sunlight reflecting off of its chrome surface gave it an almost ethereal quality.

"Is that..."

"..."

"It can't be..."

"Maybe they were trying to talk to us."

"No, no, no! This isn't possible!"

And yet here they are!

We can only hope they mean well.