"I never told anyone the voice was female...". 

“In fact, I...don’t ever remember booking this appointment, not to mention why is it for the couple of days the coworkers that usually ignore me kept reminding me I had an appointment here.”

“Ahh...Mr, Janusin, sooo many questions”, said the fake doctor, voice changing with each word. Not in a doesn’t know English, more like...like some otherworldly creature deciding to un fake their grasp of English.

“Mr Janusin, strange name don’t you think? Why is it no one else on this planet possesses this name?” Voice cracking, as if undecided between mirth and cold anger at having a well written joke be spoiled before the punchline. 

“Now Mr J, I’ll be honest, the ‘voice’ you hear must have told you some things, and to be even more honest ‘we’ cannot stop them from taking you from this plane as long as you’re willing to follow them”. 

Heart cooling down, I smile, this creature, who’s true form I haven’t seen but imagined vividly through the, ‘gifts’ *she* sent me each night. A polite nightmare, monstrosity, fiend, devil, *thing…* Now hasn’t my world expanded.

“Mr J, if you’ve seen a pretty interesting movie of the previous decade before grabbing your proverbial spear and seeking to become a hero...as I’m sure ‘she’s’ made you aware. Think of that betrayer of the first movie, you know, the one with the exact same scenario we’re basically playing out here”.

“Ha!” I laugh. Nightmare or not I’ll hand it to him, I didn’t notice in my fear but this *thing* has taken on the look of Laurence Fishburne from that *movie.* Leather jacket and all, turns out evil has a sense of humour.

“Could you, knowing yourself after facing what I can ***promise*** you will be a dark and dreary future, knowingly subject yourself to such a life...or will you take this pill, and put a middle finger to that rabbit hole. Humans aren’t fit to travel down rabbit holes, and you’ll only know regret when you realise it’s far too deep to come back up again”.