EDIT\* FOUR Parts- 9 hours of writing- might have got carried away.  


PART ONE

I had already been in training with the Science Exploration Corps for 10 years when Tobias Northstrom went public with what was humanity's last hope of continued existence on earth. For centuries, Time travel had been ruled impossible, but there was Northstrom, adamant that he had cracked it, with the eyes of a broken world watching, ready to show us the technology that might just give us one last chance. In retrospect, he never would have had the platform of a special, emergency omni-cast, had the United Nations Emergency Executive not verified Northstrom's claims already. The higher ups never told us what was happening or what they knew about the red zones or how they were responding to events out there. They barely told us about what was happening in the much safer green zones. To them, Panic and fear were diseases that had spread with terrifying speed across the planet, The UNEE tried to keep those of us in the green zones in the dark in the hopes of somehow quarantining us from the chaos outside. They tried desperately to control the flow of information but stories of genocide, famine, authoritarian warlords, religious death cults, and outbreaks of reanimated Anthrax inevitably arrived with the small numbers of refugees that were granted asylum.

The UNEE had seized control of all global communications apparatus shortly after the US military had lost control of North America. For 7 years, the world's most sophisticated military had attempted to restore some semblance of order to the continent, but the campaign was doomed from the start. Ecosystem collapse and the ever-rising oceans had coalesced with the latent instability of the global economy and a whole laundry list of existential crises to create a cataclysm that, according to popular opinion, humanity had sleepwalked into. We had made a mess that we didn't have the capacity to unmake, until Northstrom came along. Northstrom had worked on his Temporal Transit technology in secret within the SEC for years and had been dismissed by UNEE leadership as a crackpot on more than once occasion but all of that had been forgotten when it was discovered that the device worked.

Northstrom sent a giant stone monolith to the North Pole, permeated with a unique radioactive isotope, more than 700 years into the past and humanity watched as a team of UNEE scientists had detected and excavated the same monolith, now clearly weathered by time and the elements, from beneath what remained of the compacted Polar ice. The alarming amount of resources required, just for the demonstration, told us that this was not just a propaganda exercise designed to reignite hope in a defeated mankind. We really had altered history, just enough to show ourselves that we could do it, without jeopardizing the timeline that had led to Northstrom's discovery.

Northstrom had promised that his device would work but that ultimately, it would be humans that would save humanity. The implications and the dangers of altering the timeline were hard to comprehend but the prospect of the species slowly, helplessly meeting its end was somehow harder to comprehend even though we personally endured the process every day. I knew my training was aimed at preserving as much of human culture and knowledge as possible, but I had assumed I was destined for another expedition to Gilese 581d, even though all previous attempts had yielded nothing but a loss of increasingly scarce resources and sorely needed experts. The colonization missions had initially given people some much needed hope and the UNEE promoted the missions as our last and greatest chance for survival. Their failure only sank us further into despair.

I was given my mission briefing about a month before the day I was sent back. I guess they were worried that I might lose my nerve if given too much time to think about it. My training had already prepared me for the practical requirements of the mission. I was well versed in multiple languages and their evolution across the centuries, I studied the natural sciences, philosophy and psychology. I learned metal working and how to process metal ore, I learned how to craft the technologies that had helped drive human progress and I had learned about the world's religions. I was as well-educated as any human being in history according to the SEC bosses. The rigorous vetting process eliminated 97% of candidates which made me an extremely rare success story. Northstrom and his team, whilst fully appreciative of my skill set, were far more concerned about strategy. They were certain that I would be immediately murdered by peasants if I went back and revealed myself completely, so a careful timeline of revelations was created whereby each new revelation had to be preceded by the establishment of certain safeguards. I had to slowly create a mystique around myself that would allow me to carry out my work, with the support of the people. I had to avoid the attention of any institutions that might see me as a threat and crucially, I had to make myself so unquestionably valuable within the first thirty years, that people could overlook the fact that I was not aging but also, protect me from those institutions that would seek to kill me for blasphemy, witchcraft or being a servant of the devil.

The nanobots implanted in my body would extend my lifespan by as much as 1000 years so it was essential that I create a mythology of some kind that would incite others to protect me through the centuries. I would survive as a sort of deity or I would not survive at all. The nanobots would keep me alive and grant me slightly improved regenerative abilities. The full truth about who and what I was could only be revealed if I successfully satisfied a very specific set of criteria before the year 1950. This was deemed to be earliest point at which I could guarantee that I had been successful in averting the catastrophes that had snowballed into the apocalypse.

The first year was the most trying. I had arrived inside a specially constructed concrete sarcophagus rigged with explosives. I awoke in complete darkness before being ejected unceremoniously from the sarcophagus. The innermost section of the sarcophagus was equipped with a few rudimentary pieces of technology necessary for biological matter to survive temporal transitions. IV's containing experimental medicines which kept me alive, a metal harness system, and a metal mounting which stabilized my body during transition were the only things that might sabotage the mission. As such, all traces of this technology had to be destroyed. I gave the voice command to destroy the sarcophagus and watched from a safe distance as the sarcophagus was shattered into dust and rubble by the explosives. The metal had been laced with thermite and I watched it as it melted into a shapeless glowing puddle in the rubble of the shattered sarcophagus, before burying it a few hours later.