I stretch my arms as high into the sky as I could manage. As the morning daylight dances upon the fronds around my wrists, I could sense the solar energy revitalising me after my night time hibernation. I'm glad I fell asleep in this clearing as the trees around wouldn't block the scant sunlight in this forest. Humans had to be careful, as falling into the shade under a particularly large and thick canopy could mean a long slow death of withering away from starvation.

I dig my toes further into the soil, drinking the dampness from the dirt. My smile widens as my arms began to tingle, fresh sap making it's way down my lymph nodes towards my chest. As the fresh carbohydrates gathers from my limbs I stretch upwards a bit further and gather more of the beaming light from above. I calculate that I could be moving within the hour at this rate, and then it would be only another 25 days  to reach the city. Almost a record time, if the sunny weather held out. I deliberately set out early this year, hoping to make it to the planting grounds and back before the first summer storm hits. My friends thought I was a little mad, but we all know that the progeny that sprouts first would have the best chance to survive. Most humans only flower eight to nine times in their lives and often don't manage to successfully bud any offspring. Historians said we used to bud yearly, before the cataclysm, rather than the once a decade that happens now. The old trunks in the city, covered in thick bark and barely able to move, said that everything used to be faster in the olden days, but it's hard to believe them.

I shake myself out of my reverie as the sun's light has done it's work in helping me renew myself. I carefully extract my long toes from the ground lest I tear a root or two. I'll need as many as I can grow for the rest of the long journey. I figure I can spare some energy and shake the dew from my hair, watching the drips splatter to the ground. I feel lighter already, my wispy leaves not burdened by the excess weight. It's time to set out towards the city.

Carefully extracting one foot from the earth, and moving it forward testing for another soft patch to plant it takes a fair amount of energy. I'm lucky that the sun is still beaming down on my outstretched arms. My left toes reach back down into the soil, grabbing into the dirt as deep as they can. Once I am sure my left leg is secure, I unwind my right roots from the ground below. Satisfied I'm no longer attached, I lift my right leg up and forward, landing it on another patch of grass. I pay the greenery no mind as my toes rebind down into the soil, pushing aside grass blade and small pebble alike. Only when both legs are firmly affixed to the ground do I start to release my left toes' grip. I am making great time, and in the three hours since day break I've managed to make it at least a thousand yards. Keeping this pace, I'll easily make 2 miles a day, and I'll make it home before the storm.

A swift breeze ruffles my fronds from behind, a fresh gust carrying a hint of moisture. I turn and look at the horizon, at the black clouds now gathering above them, and realise how badly I have calculated. The storms have come a full three weeks early, and I'm going to be caught in the middle of them. The breeze picks up into a gust and my fronds threaten to sway me over. I quickly replant my left foot into the ground to avoid toppling. The last thing I want is to be lying on my side with the danger of being waterlogged during a storm. I carefully peer into the distance, to gauge the thickness of the dark clouds. It's going to be a big one, and being out in the open is far too dangerous. At least the sun is still shining for now, so I gather my energy into my leg muscles and attempt to seek out shelter. Unfortunately my swift progress has put me in the middle of a very large empty clearing, my only hope a small apple tree in the center. I have no other choice, and minute by minute move myself under it's small branches. By the time I make it, the clouds have raced overhead, and I grip the tree in hopes of survival.

It was worse than I feared, as this was no ordinary rain storm. Cracks of thunder flash down around me rapidly, I count that they are barely minutes apart. Both me and my apple tree are drenched from head to toe with rain. As I'm huddling under the weak protection of it's branches, I recall the stories of fellow humans caught in the open during such a storm and being split in twain by the rending electricity. As if by my own thoughts beckoning, this very such thing happens. My body is thrown from my fruity companion with a great force, my knees bending as my muscles fail to hold me upright, my grasping toes stuck into the soil by the tree. I scream as I fall, allowing pieces of raining fruit to land in my open mouth. Something deep within me, an instinct perhaps, urges me to take the pieces down my throat, and I do. They slither down and through my chest and into my trunk region. I'm busy trying to recall my biology lessons, remembering the name of a vestigial organ, a stomach I think it was, attached to my throat. Where we had lungs specifically designed for talking, no one knew the purpose of the stomach and various intestines. Diagrams were found inside books from before, but no details as to what they did.

Suddenly a fire in my trunk erupts. I feel like I am being burned from the inside out. I try to get rid of the apple that was killing me, but I didn't know how. Soon the burning fire gets too intense and I pass out.