I awoke to the sharp prick of yet another needle penetrating my skin. “Ow! Can’t you at least wake me next time?!”

Yet another new doctor stood over me poking and checking different aspects of my body. “Hush! We have a lot to get done today and don’t have time for banter. Now I need you to sit up.”

“Com’on doc! I am here all the time allowing you people from all over take samples of my blood and tissue. I’m not paid; I barely get a room out of this. The least you could do is be respectful if I fall asleep.” I said with a yawn and a stretch.

“Mr. Johnson, I need you to cooperate with me. I cannot complete the necessary tests without your full attention. Stand up.”

I stood up and faced him. The new doctor was a little short. His torso was small, but he had oddly long arms and legs. Something about him just felt peculiar.  His face showed a serious, almost angry expression to it. I can already tell this would be one of those sessions I hated. Hopefully it will end quickly and I can start the weekend.

“Fine, can we make this quick? I have lunch plans today and need to leave early.” I didn’t really didn’t have anything going on today, but he didn’t need to know that.

“Mr. Johnson, you have signed a *contract* to be here Monday through Friday from 10 AM until 6 PM. No breaks. As your new overseer, I expect you to comply by the *contract* 100%. Need I remind you of the legal ramifications should you fail to conform?”

“What?! What happened to Jason? He is my handler and until I see this in writing or confirm with him this session is over!” Jason was a great guy, and more importantly had a soft spot for vintage cigarettes - something I happened to supply him with every week.  We had a good thing going. I get him the cigarettes and he keeps the amount of appointments and blood draws I have to do each week to a minimum.

“Mr. Johnson, I can assure you this is all by the books.  Here is completed form 221.34A: Emergency Handler Change.” The doctor handed me a thick cardstock with an official seal from the hospital.

FUCK. It’s been years… no, decades since I had to consistently work with anyone other than Jason from this hospital. Having lived here for the last 30 years most people knew me by name, but didn’t realize I have been around so long. This new doctor now had complete access to my records and more importantly, my secret: unless something crazy happens, I won’t age.

“Doc, you can’t just kick out Jason. Where is he? I need to speak to him!”

“Mr. Johnson!  I am growing inpatient. I know this is a lot for you to process, but I don’t really care. You can either do as I command or I will have you restrained. Trust me; this will be much easier if you obey.”

As he spoke, I thought I noticed a quick flash of red in his eyes, but maybe it was just my imagination. Either way, he was serious about his threat.

“Ok ok. Don’t get pushy. I get it. I know what’s in the *contract*. Call me Apollo. What do you need from me today?” Maybe if I am nice he will finish quickly and we can go about our own business.

“Good. Today’s schedule requires a full day’s workout while I run tests on your vitals. We will also be introducing various medicines into your system as an attempt to better understand your… condition. I promise to be complete by 6 PM as is stated the *contract*.”

“What the fuck?!  Jason never did anything like this. Why can’t you just take more blood or bits of my hair?  You do NOT have my permission to inject **anything** into my body!”

“On the contrary, Mr. Johnson, the way I read your *contract* permits us to any medical procedures involving removal of flesh and blood in the name of science. As part of the procedures we will introduce medicine and then remove the flesh and blood to examining how your body reacts. Now follow me to the lab.” The doctor started towards the door.

I’m shocked. I don’t know what to do. I have to obey him… the *contract* commands it. Maybe I can delay this for a bit? It’s a long shot, but it’s worth a try.

“Wait… Doc… Let’s get to know each other better first. Who are you? What happened to Jason? Why were you chosen? Maybe we can find some type agreement to make this easier for both of us?”

The doctor turned back to me smiled with an evil grin. “Mr. Johnson, are you interested in re-negotiating your *contract*?”