"My fellow Americans.

We have had a long and illustrious history as a nation. We have been a beacon for hope and freedom throughout the world. 

As you know, this morning, Canada's Prime Minister Liam Gagnon, announced to the United Nations and to the world, that Canada was taking over the world. All government activities worldwide would come under the immediate authority of the Canadian Parliament. Along with all other national leaders worldwide, the Vice President, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and the Majority and Minority Leaders of Congress, I received a warm and friendly delegation from the Canadian ambassador's office, with this basket I have here on my desk, including a bottle of maple syrup, some nice Canadian blended whiskey, some marine mammal canned blubber, and some fresh poutine in a stoneware crock, which I ate immediately. They outlined for me their plan to rule the world with justice and mercy, and I have to say....

...well, this is hard to say, but it's the most wonderful thing I've ever heard of. 

Complete freedom, complete security, complete provision, complete peace. For everyone. Forever. 

Along with the cabinet heads, I have surrendered the nuclear codes to our arsenal to the Canadian government, and I have the pleasure of announcing to you that the United States is no more. All 50 states are now considered provinces of Canada. 

We are not alone in this. By the end of the day, nearly every nation on earth will be... Canada.

In a generation, there will be thousands of languages on the earth, but we will all speak two: English and French. We will play many sports, but hockey and curling will be our worldwide national sports. We will eat many things, but we will all enjoy poutine. 

In fact, I have to tell you, you have to try this poutine. It's amazing. It's french fries, but with gravy and cheese on it. I've never had anything like it. 

I know that you love your country. The Chinese love their country too. But once they had poutine, they declared themselves to be Canada, just as we are. 

So get yourself some of this, my fellow Canadians. You'll be glad to see that glorious red maple leaf flapping in the wind once you've tasted this cheesy goodness. 

May God bless Canada, from Sea to Sea. 