Today was going to be the most exciting day of Brandon Grayson's life. The crowning moment of his career, so to speak. True, he said this to himself almost every day, but this one seemed unlikely to be topped. In fact, it seemed almost unreal.

Brandon was a geneticist by trade. Geneticists worked to fight diseases, to improve human health, and ultimately to prolong life itself. Of these, Brandon only stepped in at the end of the line. He worked with the people who *didn't* die when you'd reasonably expect them to, the men and women to took aging to an almost superhuman level, living to be over 110 years old. Befittingly, they were called supercentenarians.

A few years ago, he'd also thought he had the scoop of his life. He'd been working with this woman who lived in a fishing village on a remote Japanese island, for over twelve years. Longer than he had ever worked with anyone. And then the seemingly impossible happened: she celebrated her birthday again. Suddenly the whole world's press was dying (sorry about that) to get an interview with Brandon, for no one in recorded human history had ever lived to be 123 years old. She had broken a streak of half a century, when in 1997 Jeanne Calment of France celebrated her 122nd. Miss Calment was the stuff of legends: she had met Van Gogh as a young girl, she was surprisingly lucid in her advancing years, but perhaps most elusively -- she had died before the middle-aged Brandon was even born. And then one own turned out to the one to one-up her.

She was dead within months, of course. 

Well, that was part of the job. Brandon and his co-workers were the kind of people who lived their life in a perpetual state of mid-life crisis. Many had been through some kind of trauma, be it a close shave with death or a childhood memory lodged deep. Others just had a fascination with death, like Brandon. In the office, it was customary to blast "Another One Bites the Dust" whenever it happened, the remix depending on whoever was closest with the deceased (or closest to the speakers).

So naturally, after the pomp and circumstance of the new Calment was over, they'd all assumed this was the one to their grandchildren about. The first person to reach 124 might not even be alive today. The world's oldest skipped from 1923 to '25, and soon to 1926. And then...

Now Brandon found himself in Buckingham Palace. Elizabeth, Queen of the Commonwealth, had always been a bit too off-limits for them. Fourteen years earlier, a young Brandon had gleefully prepared a special invitation letter for Her Majesty, and if she'd like to work with us please, but the Crown returned only a curt refusal. As the years wore on, they pressed for an interview again and again, as the Queen's age rose to ever more ridiculous heights, but she became increasingly private.

Last summer, a BBC Special was broadcast to commemorate her accession as the world's oldest living human. An obituary cleverly disguised as a celebration. Most notable thing about it was the discussion generated by Prince William's comments about the Queen being in the past tense. Conspiracies abounded, some more outlandish than the other. People questioned whether the 67-year old Crown Prince wasn't to old to accede to the throne, and whether his more popular son George wouldn't be a better king.

But the thing everyone was in a real pickle about was the Platinum Jubilee. In two years time, the Queen was to finish the 100th year of her reign. This had been a cause for national celebration since the 1970s, with the latest ones having been small-scale, hastily cobbled-up affairs because of nobody was certain she'd live to see the day. Mourning clothes were expected, especially as those who could remember a time *before* her reign began to die off.

"She's ready, sir."

A huge, ornate door opened before him. Light flooded in. The Queen, THE Queen, The Eternal Queen had finally relented and had made time for an interview. At one-hundred and twenty-four years old. He stood and up and hesitated to go in, it was so much. A small figure appeared out of the looming doorway.

"Come along now, we haven't got all day!"