The card was jet black.  The number was invisible at first, but in the right light, it glowed with fiery yellow digits.  On the back, a grinning silver skull told me that only one being would have this as their business card.  Death.

I had cheated the reaper many years ago.  Was it decades ago?  Centuries?  Millennia?  I couldn't recall.  Immortality didn't come with omniscience.

But what I did know was that when I finally completed the ritual to become eternal, a shrouded figure appeared outside of the circle that I had made for that purpose.

Our conversation was short.  I told him.....well, it, really, that I was no longer under their jurisdiction.  Death, with a hint of what I would've called annoyance, thanked me for pointing out the obvious.  But a gaunt hand emerged from the ragged mantle with the card that I now had in my hand.  Said that they didn't want any hard feelings.  They had an opportunity, if I were interested.  All I had to do was get in touch.  

Now I sat, with what seemed to be eons gone by, sitting and reflecting on my actions.  I had learned every language ever spoken by humankind, I had mastered every scholarly discipline, both mainstream and arcane, and wondered if there was anything more.  As I had read, once your Great Work is complete, you have a duty to maintain your quest for spiritual completion.  Yet.....I had no motivation to do so.

I sighed.  "I know you're lurking about.  I want to talk."

"About time," a silky voice emanated from the darkness of my study.  "But you could've called."

"The whole idea of calling Death on their cellphone seemed a bit odd to me.  Besides - I'm sure you prefer talking face to face, for lack of a better phrase."

Death stepped out, dressed differently than I saw them after the ritual.  Instead of the ragged hooded mantle, they were dressed like I had interrupted their evening pipe.

"Well, you're not wrong," Death agreed.  "A good portion of what I do is face to face.  I take it you have made a decision?"

"Not exactly."

"Then is this a social call?  I really don't get much chit-chat.  Most are either resigned to their fate or beg me to not take them.  And to think that I spent literally eternity learning the art of stimulating conversation."

"And that's how I feel," I admitted.  "I've learned everything and experienced everything many times over.  But I've seen people I care about being taken.  By you.  And I still remain."

If Death had a face, I'm sure it would've been twisted into a smirk.  "Now you see the folly of immortality?"

I slumped back into my armchair.  "Yes.  I made a mistake."

"Well, that's why I figured I should give you that opportunity," Death replied.  "I've got quite a few assistants -"

"You mean, underlings?"

"No," Death corrected me, "assistants.  Sure, everyone wants to be me.  Trust me, I've dealt with legions of angsty goths who wanted to be me.  *They* are the underlings.  I don't appreciate entitled little pricks who think that they can replace me."

"So where do I fit into your...organization?"

"Well, I figured that you'd make a great addition to my Records department.  You're a smart guy - you know books and whatnot.  They're probably some of the most important beings in my organization - because everybody has to meet with Him."

"God?"

"Bingo," Death nodded, giving me a jaunty finger pistol.  "And everyone's life history has to be compiled so the Big Guy can send them to Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory."

I sat and pondered for a brief second.  "Where would I have ended up?"

"Well, you didn't hear this from me, sport," Death said, tilting their faceless head at me, "but given that you got into some seriously heavy occult stuff, you would've been barbecue."

"And this is you dragging my ass out of the fire, then?"

"Well, not exactly."  Death sauntered over to my roaring fireplace and leaned against the mantlepiece.  "As you said all that time ago, you're out of my jurisdiction.  But He's not a fan of people meddling with stuff they shouldn't.  Paternal disappointment and all that.  So, you're still in His jurisdiction."

"So, I either go with you and work for you..."

"Or you get the smite treatment, yeah.  You may be immortal and exempt from death on this plane of existence, but when you're up against the Creator - omnipotent, omniscient, and rather hacked off that you did what you did, it's gonna be goodbye you."

"Guess I really don't have much of a choice, do I?"

"Better than sitting here and stewing in millennia of regret, eh?"

I swallowed heavily.  I knew they were right.

"What do I have to do?" I heard myself whisper, resigned to the consequences.

"Easy," Death replied.  "You can help me close the book on people."