I awoke to the splash of ice cold water on my face.  I did a quick mental check of myself.  Everything seemed alright for now.  My joints popped as I slowly stood up from the now moist ground where I laid. I wiped my mud stuck hair from my head.  How long had it been since I last showered? Weeks? Maybe a few months? I had no idea. I tended to avoid those areas with the consequences of those who hadn’t headed the warning burned into my mind. With a heavy sigh I picked up the poor excuse for a shovel and, I headed over to north side of the camp. 

The ground here was the hardest within the area. But of course it was.  Smart off to too many guards and this is where it lands you.  It was all the same to me though.  The work was never ending by design.  I pushed my shovel into the ground and pulled out a chunk of earth with it. “One down, three million more to go.”, I thought.  They say at some point of extreme exhaustion; your body goes on auto pilot. A state of pure muscle memory.  I’d describe it as being on a runaway train.  You can experience everything, and the train is just going to follow the rails, but you can’t control it. I was no more in control of my arms or legs than I was of my destiny future. Worse though, it seems everyone knows how it is going to end.

Suddenly, I heard a large crack above my head, and time seemed to slow.  I tried to turn to see what it was, but I couldn’t move.  Then I realized, I was falling.  With a flop, I landed on my back. As I laid there second, I felt a wetness drip from the top of my head.  As my vision started to blur, I began hearing the noise of people screaming and what sounded like gun fire. Using all my remaining strength, I managed to roll onto my side.  I saw men in uniforms bursting out of a nearby building, screaming and tripping over each other.  After a minute of total and complete silence, a young women emerged.  With an awe inspiring appearance and the grace of an angel, she seemed to almost glide to me.  She lifted my head and placed it within her lap as she lightly caressed my face.  

“Who are you?” I asked.  “I am death.” she replied in a calm but stoic voice. “You’re Beautiful”, was all I could muster the strength to say.  My eyes began to feel heavy and close.  She responded, “Everyone sees me based on their perception of me.  You’ve been here for a long time, and you have already lost so much.” I smiled to myself.  Whether she was here for me or everyone else didn’t matter to me.  I was finally free. 
