 "Hitler versus... Hitler"  

My video started off with a throwback to 43rd century high tech gladiator battles.  In the classic gladiator battles, competitors were enhanced with genetic and cybernetic upgrades to create combatants who could deal quite a bit of damage to each other while at the same time regerate almost instantly.  It was a half hour video of Hitler's hacking away at each other while yelling Yiddish threats and insults back and forth.  The crowd loved the irony and that I went far enough back in time to manage two seperate timelines where 20th century Germany was speaking a new language, but few could appreciate how much work I had to do manufacturing history to make sure it would still fit the template I wanted.

One of my two primary timelines included a fairly classical Hitler, except I had spent decades grooming him to also be a capable and bloodthirsty warrior.  The other timeline I personally raised Hitler Jewish, but took care to make sure WW2 and the Holocaust still happened without him.  He was taken to a concentration camp which is where I took him from to the 43rd century.  I had him upgraded, and fetched his competition, Nazi-Battle Hitler.  I had my second Hitler similarly upgraded, but with less regenerative capabilities.  The intent was to have a long and needlessly gorey battle, but to still have Jewish Hitler win.  The fight was a crowd pleaser, who doesn't like watching eyes repeatedly get gouged out and limbs blown and hacked off only to grow back for more?

To get both combatants to understand the fight as I didn't really raise either Hitler to be too smart, I simply explained that I was God and they would have to battle with a champion of the devil imbuned with the powers of Angels to determine the fate of the Jews on Earth.  

It dawned on both of them part way into the fight that even modified as they were, there was still something eerily familiar about the other.  I had made sure their genetic lines and mannerisms were identical prior to taking them to the 43rd century.

After Jewish Hitler finally dismembered Nazi Hitler to the point where he could no longer regenerate, I returned him to Nazi Hitler's timeline, still modified, and let him go loose on Axis forces.  He burned down concentration camps, rescued Jews, saved the Allies and dismembered Nazi Germany, mostly by hand.  I took him back to his timeline and had him do the same thing, except for one small piece.  I purposefully worked to keep a concentration camp hidden from his upgraded sensors and also worked to keep the Allies ignorant of the camp's whereabouts.  Keeping the camp, the same one I rescued Jewish Hitler from mind, isolated and thinking the war was progressing normally was a bit difficult, required quite a bit in the way of clones and holograms.  After Jewish Hitler thought he had finished cleaning out Nazi Germany again (poor fellow could barely grasp why he had to do it twice!) I returned him to a point just a little after the 43rd century where I had his genetics returned to normal and enhancements removed.  Then I dropped him back into the remaining concentration camp where he was gassed just as Allied tanks discovered it.  Man the look on his face, I wonder if he thought it was all a dream?  Never bothered recording his thoughts.  With my protections removed there were some _very_ confused Nazis inside.  I had them believing Germany had just captured New York.

The credits rolled, clips of my foibles added in, like when the Gladiator Hitlers tried to kill me! For the ending credits I created a few mostly parallel timelines but where medicine was nonexistent, had Hitler shit himself to death, die from an infection from a papercut on his junk.  I had some of the classics, fatal autoerotic asphyxiation, a slip while sounding causing him to bleed out, the like.


After it was over I heard the criticisms and praise start flowing in.  People thought the 2D medium undercut the effort I put in, returning Jewish Hitler to a concentration camp was monsterous and not in the spirit of this competition, I shouldn't have gone past the 31st century with someone from before it... Haters gonna hate.  

During this project, I crossed my own timeline countless times and accidentally caused paradoxes that resulted in universes and dimensions imploding, causing me to mostly have to start from scratch. I spent 8 centuries of my own personal timeline jumping around on this project, and it showed.  I won!