August 14, 2000:

The day started as normal as any other, waking up in my bed and all. I open the fridge to see what's to eat. Nothing, same as yesterday. On the bright side, it's been so long since my power got shut off, anything in there would spoil anyway. I grab the baking powder and brush my teeth. It's not ideal, but it's good enough until I can buy more paste. At least I'm not totally unbearable - I think. 

As I watch myself brush in the mirror, I saw it. It was so quick, I feel like I was lucky to be there, otherwise I think I'd be in the asylum. Out of the blue this little white thing came by and touched the few last things I own. My scarf just disappeared, and not long after that, so did my boots. One by one the white thing took all my belongings, right down to the bed. It was everything I had, and now I'm officially without ANY possessions. I guess with the few dollars I have left, I can stop and get some liquor to keep me warm at least. I throw on my bandana to cover my bare scalp, and grab my gloves. It's fairly cold today. 

The white thing has since vanished, which makes me feel a little more safe. I start walking into town, eating any berries I can find along the way. 

Suddenly I see the white thing again. I'm so scared, I jump into the bush. I don't want to vanish with my former belongings. I peer through the bush and watch as the white thing moves around. It seems to be attached to a young girl, helping her find her way. She must know where my stuff is, maybe she can help me. 

She comes closer to me, and I figure this is a good chance to get her attention. I get out of the bush, and seemingly without looking in my direction, I can tell she can sense me. She stares off into the distance as if she's asking it a question. The white thing starts coming towards me. It's too fast, I can't get away. I close my eyes as I know I'm about to vanish. But I don't. *click* it says, and it touches my chest. Immediately the little girl looks at me. She tells me to leave her alone. 

But I just want to ask her about my things

She tells me to leave again

She won't let me explain

Once more she tells me to leave, and I just can't approach her. I'm held back by some force I've never felt before. Aw man. I guess today I don't get my chance to take my things back. I'll find her again tomorrow, and take them back by force if it comes down to that. 

Be prepared little girl. Next time you and your little monkey won't be able to stop me from swiping. 