"Thanks for coming in, Jon. If you could please have a seat."

"Yeah, sure, thanks." I gave a weak smile. I knew what this was about. 

"How are things at home, Jon? Everything going okay?"

"Yeah, going well. I'm just trying my best." 

Ted stared at me. I forgot the promise I had made. 

"Jon, I thought we agreed you would be honest with\-\-"

"I'm sorry, its just a reflex now." Ted's eyes didn't waiver. 

"It's still worst in the mornings. I wake up, and without fail, there's always that moment where I think she'll be there. Right next to me. It's just for a second, but that's all it takes. Obviously, she's not. And the rest of my mornings are just trying to recover from that." 

"You've still been making it in on time." 

"Yeah, I mean I'm a morning person. No problem keeping up the routine. I don't really get how symptoms of trauma include really long showers."

Ted's expression softened a little. 

"I appreciate that. But we would totally understand if you had to call in a few times." 

"Nah, I've got nothing to do at home anyway." I chuckled. He didn't join me. He took a big breath like he was about to start on something and then let it out. I decided I'd wait for him to get up the courage. 

"You've been spending a lot of extra hours here, Jon. Half the time, you've not even on the clock."  

"Like I said, not much to do....Plus, the wifi here is great. Netflix is always buffering at my place."

"Say what you want about the NSA, we've got some damn good wifi" We both smiled. 

"I know you're not here watching Netflix, man. What, did you think we don't keep an eye on your monitors?"

"No, I was pretty confident of that." 

I really didn't want to let him down. He really stuck his neck out when he hired me last spring. 

"She's 19 years old!" 

"So?"

"So she's 19 years old! That's not okay! No part of this is okay." 

"What's so wrong about it? Besides the typical blatant violation of privacy that this place lives off of." 

"Don't give me that. You knew what you signed up for. Look, I can't imagine the pain that losing Angie caused you\-"

"Leave her out of\-"

"But this girl is not the answer."

"I know that! You know how I know that? Because there is no answer, alright? I just have to carry this pain with me. Thats it. But there is Julie. And she's beautiful. And she's smart. And she's perfect. And can't you just let me have that?"

Ted's head fell into his hands. He must have been asked to talk to me about this. I kept pushing.

"Everyone in this office has somebody that they keep tabs on. You know that. Margie has eyes on Regis Philbin all the time, and you've got your affection for some old professors. I bet you Kenneth is watching is his ex fuck his brother right now. "

"This is different." 

"How? How is this different?"

"Because you're in love with her."

"I am not."

"Really?"

"Absolutely, not."

"Last week, you spent 90 hours on her feed. Week before that it was 106. I mean how are you even sleeping." 

"We\- I sleep when she does." 

"See? What the hell is that?"

"Look, its just\- It's not\- It's comforting alright."

"It needs to stop." 

"No." 

"No?" 

"Do you want me to kill myself?"

"What??" 

"Look. It was an accident. I was doing a favor for someone assigned to a free speech association at Berkeley. It was pretty routine, and I got bored. So I ended up just browsing the cams in the area. And I was stopped in my tracks by her. She wasn't in any compromising position or any state of undress. She was sitting at her desk, just like me, working on a paper on her laptop. Humming to herself. Something about the intent in her eyes got to me. I felt like even if she knew that some stranger was watching her in the privacy of her own room, it wouldn't matter. It wouldn't even phase her. She didn't need anything from anybody. Jon. She's there for me. Everyday. It doesn't matter if I'm feeling like a fucking god or wishing I could throw myself down a quarry, she's always there living her life with all its own challenges and victories. And one thing that isn't a part of her world, is the dark injustice that the love of your life can be stolen from you in the middle of the night for no reason at all. I'm not in love with Julie. But I love her. I need to watch her. I need to see her. Because if I don't, all I've got is my world where your best friend is just something you lose. Please Jon. Just let me have this." 

"If she really is that important to you. If that's what this means to you, then I'm sorry. I'm going to have to let you go." 

I collapsed. Tears had already been streaming down my face, but now they flowed between desperate staccato breaths. 

"We can't have an employee with that level of emotional connection to this work. We're here to keep the nation safe. People are relying on us." 

 I was shaking. 

"I'm sorry, okay? We'll have to delete all your permissions. You're not going to be seeing Julie anymore. And I know for a fact that its going to be good for you."

And then I stopped shaking. My breathing became steady. The muscles across my shoulders tightened. I stood up and walked out of the office. 

"Where are you going??"

"Berkeley."