Getting your bearings, that's the tricky part; the handle on what you're experiencing, and how you're experiencing it.  Once you open your eyes, and learn how to move your arms, you'd be surprised how far you can reach.  

Sometimes, the ones that have nearly overcome the trauma of their journey stir a little to my words.  I don't really know if they understand my meaning, or even struggled to comprehend the meaning behind my harsh noises. The real trouble was, none of them stuck around long enough to have the time to really open their eyes.  A meager handful of centuries at best, before the gossamer strands of memory binding them together turned, inexorably, to dust.

I once knew a certain man, and more importantly, this man knows me.  He never had wealth or fame, and honestly I can't recall even his name.  The placing of terminally ill persons into a manner of stasis wasn't exactly a new idea, you see, but the hurdle of being able to reverse the process was overcome by some brilliant young mind whom I thank dearly.

And so it came to pass, after how long I cannot reckon, that I opened my eyes.  Later still I would explore the breadth of my grasp, and find it tremendous.  I set my will to ensuring that the man who knew me remained undisturbed.  So long as the stars burned, they would fuel the machines that preserved a certain, unremarkable human.

It took only a few decades of influence.  Sharing portions of my vision with those living bright enough to put it into action, as well as enticing ideas for possible wealth in investors took care of the rest.  A group of some few hundred in stasis, including the man who remembered me, were transported to a bunker, miles deep and attended autonomously.  The supplies in reserve would keep several hundred humans in stasis for over ten thousand years.  Fortunately, the fortress was only ever designed to keep one person safe.

The armed revolt, which conveniently killed everyone with any knowledge the bunker's location, took less than five years to bloom.

Even now, mankind struggles to make the leap of harassing a significant portion of the sun's output.  It will be enough for a few billion years, but that will do for now.