“Mind if I sit down?”

I looked up from my phone to see a stranger smiling at me gently. He wore a worn brown coat, a red toque, and smiling green eyes. He was already taking off his coat to hang on the opposite chair.

“Sure,” I said, peering around the coffee shop and biting back a frown. It was almost empty. The waitresses by the counter stood together, gossiping, and the regulars sat by the bar, drinking. I had chosen my corner because no one liked it. The view was blocked by a beam, and if you were to drink a coffee in New York, you *needed* to see the view, after all.

I took a long sip of my coffee, trying to think of a reason why someone I had never met had approached me. The stranger was pulling out some glasses, polishing them before placing them on his angular face. They were old, a little crooked from use, but looked expensive.

My eyes met the stranger’s, who was now sitting in a chair across from me, still smiling.

“How are you doing? 

I forced a smile. “Great. How are you doing?”

“Excellent,” he said, leaning back in his chair and looking supremely comfortable. “What year is it?”

“It’s…” I paused, narrowing my eyes. “What?”

“The year,” the man said, raising his eyebrows like I was being purposely idiotic. 
“2018. Are you—”

“Oh, good,” he said, his words rolling over mine like a gentle avalanche. “Good.” He turned in his chair, reaching back into his coat and pulling an envelope out of its inner pocket. It was yellow and faded with age. “I have a message for you.”

“Would you like a refill, sir?”

I jumped, splashing myself with coffee. “Fuck,” I hissed, putting down the cup and dabbing myself with napkin. It wasn’t too hot, but it was still incredibly uncomfortable.
I looked back at the man, and my breath hitched.

“Oh, I’m so sorry!” the waitress said, too worried to see that I was unresponsive. “I’ll get more napkins for you. Be right back!”

She hurried away, but I didn’t say a word. I stared at the empty chair.

The man was gone.

And the letter sat in the middle of the table, waiting. 
