"Ugh," Disgust said.  "Did that guy on the other side of the diner forget to say thank you to his waitress?  That makes me so-"

"Noted," said a gentle voice.  "He drives a Honda Accord.  He left the rear left door unlocked."

"I'm not so sure, Bloodlust," Joy said.  "Maybe he already thanked the waitress earlier and felt weird about doing it a second-"

"We always say 'Thank you'," Bloodlust said.  "That's what Mother taught us."

"Ah, yes," Joy said.  She turned to look at the memories that lined the wall.  She found the yellow one that represented Mother's lessons about manners.  "I guess.... that's one of our good memories."

She looked at the orbs that surrounded the yellow one.  A few were green, several were purple or red, but the overwhelming majority were grey.  By the time she turned around, Bloodlust had his grey hands on the controls.

"Let's get to the back seat of the car," Bloodlust said in his calm, level voice.

"Hey, Bloodlust," Fear said, timidly.  "We already left that dog walker's body near this park.  Shouldn't we be careful about doing this again so soon?"

"Doing what?" a deep voice said from the back of the control room.

Anger, the largest of the emotions, shifted his weight in his cage.  His shoulders brushed the edges of his cell

"Nothing, Anger," Joy said.  "Remember, Dr Nelson said you have to stay in there."

"But he broke out of the cage when that guy in the park didn't clean up after his dog," Fear whispered.  "What if he gets out again."

"Don't worry," Joy said.  "We've been going to sessions twice a week.  And remember Dr Nelson's words.  She said that if you're ever feeling on edge, just-"

"Why didn't you thank the waitress?" Bloodlust whispered into the microphone.

"Oh, no," Joy said.

They all looked at the monitor to see that the driver had returned to the Honda Accord, and a belt was tightening around his neck.

"What?" the driver choked out.  "What... the fuck..."

"Why didn't you thank her?" Bloodlust repeated.

"Wait," the driver said looking at the rearview mirror.  "I recognize you.  You were in Dr Nelson's waiting room."

Bloodlust hesitated before speaking again.

"It's ok," the driver said.  "It's ok that you go to therapy.  We all need a little help once in a while.  And Dr Nelson... she's like a mother to me!"

"Dr Nelson..." Bloodlust whispered.  "Mother...."

"MOTHER!" Anger bellowed from the back of the control room as he exploded out of his cage