"Crow, you really did it now didn't you?  What'd you do?  What.  The.  Fuck did you do."  Whenever there's a time paradox loop shitstorm, variations of myself have a habit of coming out of the alternate dimensional woodwork.  Instability in the Tachyon field or a Cherenkov regulator could spell disaster for small parts of multiple universes.  The last time there was a warning from the future of this magnitude, it was when I first got the kinks worked out with time travel.  Apparently enough versions of me tried to go to Egypt around 49 BCE which caused an event that can be described in laymans terms as "DDOSing a channel of communication in the universe".  Undoing that damage is not easy and not necessarily possible.  Another risk is a causality event becomes a point of interest to any alien civilizations that have enough ears in their local galaxy.  


A red haired man from an alternate universe in plaid that could pass off as my twin gave me an eye roll and a look of exhaustion.  


"Relax Chief, this is a temporal staycation" he says while rubbing his eyes.


"What f..."


"To kill Hitler and yes, we ran some paradox tests at Facility 3120.  We're the first ones on this and warn others not to do it because of the inherent paradox.  They back off when they realize the ramifications.  What we don't tell them is that we're proceeding with it."


"You clever red headed fucker.  How are we doing this," I reply as the smirk of a smart ass darts across both our faces.  It's a bit odd dealing with someone who knows with high probability exactly what you're going to say but sometimes it can be comforting.


Over gin he describes through coordination and supply of local resistance forces at the right time, we can take over a V2 rocket platform without firing a shot.  At first this sounds insane as they're typically well defended.  Historical documents are a treasure trove of information for a time traveler, especially signatures.  The Red Head hands me over a dossier to look through, mainly for my own curiousity.  This event has in sense already happened or is determined to happen in the future, otherwise we wouldn't be talking after having been destroyed in an interdimensional pothole.  I thumb through the dossier and see movement orders, maps, timetables, and a large event for a few top German brass including Shitler himself.  "A full staff of loyal resistance at a rocket facility?  That's pretty ballsy considering the chance that all it takes is one you're not sure about."


"Not quite," the red head replied, "the original staff is moved to a resort facility and the higher true believer brass to a propaganda event on German soil.  Their replacements are ghosts.  They only exist on paper and through fake comm chatter in case a Wehrmact soldier gets a little too nosy.  If they check the paper records, they're there.  If they call the base, they're there.  If they physically check the base, well, local resistance should be in and out before they'd ever realize what's going on and they're more than adequately supplied considering the base overlooked our forged request to store an extra fully fueled V2 upright in a shack near the maingate."


"So you're going to kill Hitler with one of his own V2s?"


"Oh it gets better," he said with a smile on his face.


Taking another look at the dossier, a few documents stick out.  The troop movements, rocket, and fuel supply orders are all signed by Hitler himself and threaten harsh punishments for questioning him.  This is the same date with diary entries from his doctor which show he was incapacitated and trying to rest for an event the following day labeled as "Sieg Durch Stärke".  


"We figured why not make it look like Hitler ended up killing himself in this dimension too."


He hands me one last dossier to look at.  The mission was a success both in execution and in morale amongst the Allies.  A different, clearer photo of the V2 is in here but with a slight twist.  The rocket is painted with a Star of David, a pink triangle, and מכבי both as a reward to the saboteurs and for Psy Ops.  Faking the orders created the Achilles' heal and the V2 sliced it.  A photo of a crater where Hitler, coordinators of death camps, and the SS is that dimension's recording of when the Reich fell and from the European soil freedom slowly grew back.  Having Hitler get offed by homosexuals really stirred some shit back in the US but they learned to swallow the truth before the 50's, at least that was progress.  Turing was indirectly spared from a society afraid of his sexual orientation.  Later he would continue to develop crypto, help lead the world into the digital era, and marry a German biologist he'd later meet at a conference in Vienna.


"This made my day, it can't possibly get any better."  Reality catches up with my tongue as a Tachyon field opens and one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen emerges.  She looks oddly familiar but out of place with the events that unfolded.  The confusion is pretty common amongst time traveling circles unfortunately, muddles up the whole works.


"Crow-137, meet your future wife.  Emma Lazarus."


My jaw drops and my head feels as though it has no mass.  "This is amazing but there is still going to be conflict in the Middle East with Israelis and their neighbors.  I love the concept of a Kibbutz and their pioneer attitude but then somewhere she goes off course and we have settlers acting as antagonists".


"Actually, not in this one.  You know the Mason-Dixon line?"


"Yeah," I answer slightly confused.


"They found Israel as the 51st state in the Continental US and expand southward."