“... and if you turn to the appendix you’ll find a list of definitions for phrases that are potentially open to interpretation. In particular I would like to point out that ‘until my death’ specifies that the date of ‘my death’ should not be in anyway affected by natural disasters, illnesses, or other ‘acts of god’ that were not previously a part of my natural lifespan.”

I waited in silence for his response. I had covered all of my bases. The contract was ironclad.

“No deal. You can keep your soul if those are your conditions.”

I was stunned. He changed his mind? He was THE DEVIL! He’s supposed to do anything to get my immortal soul! How could he just walk away?

“Wait!” I shouted as he stood in the doorway. “This is supposed to be a negotiation! What do I have to change for you to sign this contract?”

He grinned. His teeth were as perfect as his flawless skin. He might have been the most attractive man I had ever seen, but that smile cut right to my core. There was no hint of joy or friendliness in it. People say of a smile that ‘it didn’t reach the eyes’. His eyes were full of hate. 

“I will sign it today, but when half of your remaining years are spent I will return. On that day you will negotiate another contract for me.”

I was saved! I couldn’t believe I was getting off so easily. With a pen full of blood I scrawled my name, ‘John B Willoughby’. I had signed so quickly that I would almost have believed it was a dream. It was only the countless incomplete copies of the contract that lay around the room that proved he had come.

I lived in complete bliss for a long time. I married the love of my life and provided for our every need and desire. We saw all of the greatest cities in the world, but not even the wonders of nature and architecture could compare to the joy I felt when my son was born. I had not though to wish for a perfect child when I wrote that contract so many years ago, but I got it. I don’t whether it was God or the Devil that provided for his beauty, intelligence, and strength of character.

He had been gone to Harvard for less than six months when the Devil returned to make good on our deal. Whoever had written this contract knew his stuff. I will begrudgingly admit that it was even better than mine had been, but I had learned a lot since then too. With a few elegant changes I had created loopholes you could drive a semi through. They were full of such deviousness that I wondered if even Satan himself could have been so cruel.

I expected to never see the Devil again. If only life could have happy endings like that. He returned one more time, a mere three hours after he had gone. With him was a signed copy of the contract I had so recently ruined. When I read my son’s name on it I knew that the Devil had won. 