72years trapped isolated and for no reason i could understand  i looked over at the wall and marks of how many day months and years have passed. Im 90 now and the fatal shifts of time have been cruel. I talk to the guards woman behind the plexiglass. Am i really this dangerous i thought. It would be my birthday tommorrow and ms marshall said shed bring me a cupcake for good behavior. I crawl back into bed bones aching from the decripness of my old age. I wake up the next day and mrs marshall is there  in her office looking at me smiling. She walks over cupcake in hand and hands it to me. I procceed to take a bite when she stops me. She places the candle on top of it and lights it . The flame entices me as she tells me to make a wish. I ponder at my thoughts the vagueness of why i was here why i was to waste away in the cell for the rest of my life i inhale and begin to cough for several minutes i compose my self and think i wish i could understand  then blew with the might of a toddler anxious for a wish. 
  The skys begins to shake the walls begin to bend  and the wold itself becomes an echo of silence i start seeing hearing and feeling emotion of days gone by as images of what has been pass through my eyes. I see the dull years of incarceration for what seems to be an eternity i see the trial that led me here the young man confused and shakled wearing orange. I fear at this point i am no longer able to control myself i grasp my chest and try to stay in this life in hopes of understanding the error of my ways. I glance at the wall one more time the date in which i first started my internement slowly begins to darken as if written anew the marks dissapeared one by one and then a flash of white light as i see me following a lady into an alleyway. 
  She looks gorgeous holding her groceries with her skirt fluttering in the wind her eyes a bright hazel her hair a dark black i look onwards to the foolish young man deaperatly trying to scream for him to stop whatever it was he was trying to do. I keel over in the immense pain in my chest and watch as the younger me rushes the woman and takles her to the floor this monster pulls out a knife and begins to cut a deep notch  within the fleshy confines of her exterior. The woman crys out in terror and looks on as i do in disbeleif. She gasps and passes out as the young me begins to unzip his trousers and force his memeber into the pocket that he just created with his blade. He smiles and rams his memeber repeatedly until the coconut juice seeps from the crevices. The woman wakes up and sees the utter amazement that is a man fucking a coconut. The bright red and blue lights of cruisers appear out of nowhere and a gunshot rang in the distance. The red mist appears as quickly as the sound came. The young fools body that was my own topples over and the picture before me fades away. I feel nothing but disbelief as i wait for the darkness to settle in.