" I know". I hissed in his ear.  "And id appreciate it if you'd get the hell outta hear before you and your two-bit agency screw this whole thing up!" 

"The hell you just say to me?" Rocko replied. 

"Oh quit playing coy Rocko, or should I say Reginald! I need you to pack it up bud!"

Reginald shot back, but this time in his lame ass accent. "I'll have you know Vince, that Scotland Yard isn't done here yet and I'll be dammed if i let some oafish FBI agent push us out!" 

I could feel my face turn red. "Oafish!?  Our agency has had to clear up tons of your espionage mishaps! And why the hell have you guys been doing international spy work? You're a metropolitan police force for gods sake!!"

Reginald practically squealed back, "We're trying new and exciting things! Something I wouldn't expect the Federal Bureau of Ignorance to understand!"

 I snorted, "Oh that's cute, did you come up with that all on your own Reggie?" 

"Actually he had a bit of help!" One of the stall doors kicked open and there was Rick grinning like an idiot. 

Reginald beamed. "Ricko! I had no idea you were in here old chap. This FBI bloke is trying to run me off!" 

"Typical Vince", Rick said , shaking his head. "When will you FBI guys learn to chill out and share?" 

"I don't have trouble sharing Rick, I shouted, but Mr Tea Time over there and your CIA shenanigans are really starting to cause suspicion among the gang"

"Nonsense! We have been nothing but smooth and professional" Rick calmly said. 

I screamed back, with spittle flying in every direction, "Are you forgetting about all those Snapchats you buffoons sent to the gang while trying to send them to your agencies!?"

Reginald chimed in.  "Pretty sure they all just laughed those off Vince". 

All of a sudden two more stall doors burst open and Moose and Greaser, legit gang members, came thundering out. Shit! These guys had been in here the whole time. All three of use were done for

"No, your right Reginald, Moose said, those snap chats were pretty hilarious". That really reminded me and Greaser of all the funny shit we did back at TSA before they sent us out here."

"T....t...TSA?" I said, feeling my forehead vein pulsate. "What the fuck is this! Amateur hour!!" 

 Maybe I wasn't as good of an FBI agent as I thought. 



