My head was pounding, pounding with the dehydration only felt during the opening contretemps of a woeful hangover. I awoke in what seemed like a sensory deprivation tank. Complete blackness, a temperature neither too cold nor hot, and no other sensory information besides the soft lapping of tepid water at my naked sides. A soft light slowly emanated from the wall to my right, and a low and repeated bleep began to sound to my left soon after I opened my eyes.

I tried to piece together last night. We had been out celebrating the outrageous new financial windfall from our online religious donation service. We were ready to open an actual, physical church. A place where the pilgrims could come and worship whatever it was we had been selling these last few years. We had promised big things - access to the secrets of the church, elevated status within it, and the ability to come and go from the new nerve centre in southern California by February 2020. We didn't care if we met the targets or not, we were disciples of the new supreme being. If it took us longer than anticipated to reach our goals, then that was simply the will of the divine. Not long after leaving Patrick's house in the Mission District of San Francisco, I had climbed onto a taxi with a bottle of whiskey in hand and was about to proclaim that the light of the lord was truly good, but the light from the bottle was better. It was that or some other equally sarcastic, facetious comment. The last thing I could remember was slipping from the roof, head first onto the cracked tarmac below. A tragedy for the rest of the night really, which had gone so well up to that point.

A doctor walked into the room. The soft light from the wall raised in brightness and revealed a bare chamber in which my bed of liquid was central. She asked me some basic questions, 'who are you?', 'where are you from?', 'do you know where you are?', 'what day, or year is it?', etc. She had a striking look, with a wispy hazel fringe parted in the centre, and a pronounced, elegant nose. Once I answered my name, and the year I believed it to be, she spoke into a device on her wrist.

'He is present.'

Within seconds, a crowd of people had entered and were examining me with expectant eyes and clasped hands. Two doctors were continuing to monitor my vitals on glassy looking tablets. One bespectacled individual wearing a black polo neck stepped forward from the group, and with his best attempt at a welcoming smile amidst the agitated silence and nervous anticipation in the room, softly implored,

'Please, Mr. Hobbs, tell us why you have returned.'