When the boy was born with one eye purple and a shock of white hair already crowning his little head, they suspected.

When he toddled into the forest one day and came back atop a wolf, riding upon the beast as if it were a common puppy, they worried.

But it was the dragon that made Mr. and Mrs. Plotpoint truly concerned. 

They had taken in the boy, Teraphim, years ago, when the child's mother had died in  childbirth. And even that had reeked of Fate's hand; a sudden storm blowing down from the mountains, just as the labour began. The village healer's horse slipping and dying as the man struggled to reach them; a flash flood sweeping away their supplies, so that nothing could be done to stop the bleeding. 

"And now a dragon!" Tom raged. "It is too much- too much! Coincedence upon coincidence, tragedy after tragedy, miracle after miracle; the boy is cursed Cara! Cursed!"

"He is our son!" Cara slammed the door behind her as she entered the barn. Tom was pacing the hay strewn floor with his hands on his head, ignoring the unnerved horses. He would have Teraphim calm them later, right now this needed to be said. 

"We must take him to the capital." he stated.

"They'll kill him!"

"They'll save him!" he surged forward to grip his wife by the shoulders, staring into her eyes. "We must seek to interrupt the course of Fate before it can begin. We stop the Journey, kill the Mentor before he can appear; I will not have my son be another puppet for the hands of time!"

"And neither will I!" Cara shoved him away. "But do you not see that what you ask is wrong? Do you really trust the Queen's word?" She saw the doubt in his eyes, and capitalised. "Her wargs would tear him to pieces-"

"Woman what you have us do!" Tom wrung his hands. They could not do nothing; without action Fate would act for them. The events would keep piling up, the story building momentum. And eventually, if they did not get out of the way, they would be... removed. Tom had never known of a Chosen One who ever spoke of their parents, once their Journey was underway. Time probably couldn't bear a Mentor having any kind of competition. 

"It is idiocy to try and stop the Hands of Time." Cara began. "They move the World; nothing can halt the tick. But perhaps if our son is to be a hero... we should change stories." 

Tom paused in his pacing. Looked back at her over his shoulder. For a moment, she saw hope. 

"Go on."

"To overthrow the Queen would be a perilous endeavour, full of pain, suffering and death. It would take a champion of the people, a hero brave, true, and local; exactly what Time would demand from the adopted, conspicuously named son of a farmer and his wife."

"But if we left now, packed up our things and headed south for the plains..."

"The Nomads," Tom caught on immediately. "They have wandered those grasslands for generations."

"Exactly. Maybe if a hero came along, a stranger who could unite their scattered people and gather their lost relics..."

"Then perhaps he could lead them to their lost city." Tom smiled, and it was if the sun had arisen on the world once more. "The one said to contain the unimaginable wealth of a golden age long since past."

Somewhere the dragon- a wee thing, barely the size of a house cat- was practising its roars, but for once Tom was too happy to be annoyed by the grating sound. He almost pranced forward, tugging Cara into a makeshift jig of joy. 

"And that's why I married you!" he exclaimed. "This could work! This could really work!" 

They would leave the next day, their packages born on the backs of two oxen, three horses, and a particularly annoying baby dragon. 

The old farm on the hill would lie empty for a year or two, before a wandering couple, heading south to rejoin their people, would stumble across it. They would stop for the night, and finding the place empty and full of provisions, decide to stay. They would have a beautiful little girl, who they would name Harmony, and they would ream of her growing up to be the prophesied Great Uniter, who would reforge the broken clans and reclaim the lost city. They were just pausing for a few years to raise her, they told themselves. Once she'd grown strong, then they would leave. 

And when an old man appeared on their door stop, raving of dragons and ancient magics, they are entirely unprepared. 



