Everyone has met that one person who just ruins the game for everyone else. That person takes all the treasure, dictates where the party is going or what they're to do, things like that. Sadly for this group, Becky *was* that person.

Becky was a goody-goody player that *had* to have it all. Magic items in the chest? Becky needed them to "defend the lesser members of her party". Potions of healing? "You guys don't take the damage that I do." Go to a new city and it's shopping time for Becky. "You guys need me to defend you, so give me all your gold and I'll get something that'll help me do just that."

Did I mention that Becky was a Paladin?

And did I mention that Becky *loved* to role-play anything besides the actual combat?

When I was invited to this session, I knew I had the perfect character for taking care of the "Paladin Problem", as the DM put it. I pulled out this character only for special occasions. I made sure to give this character sheet to the DM before the game even started. It makes life a little easier to be handed a character sheet when you're the "new" player.

I won't bore you with the details of the beginning of the session. Suffice to say that the other three players were tired of Becky's constant demands and taking this newest treasure, an Amulet of Day, for herself. When the party decided to stop at the next inn to rest up, my plan sprung into action.

Becky had been hounding me to give her my enchanted gloves for a while now. Ever since she spotted on my character sheet that I had some magic items, she felt she deserved them more than I did. So I made her an offer she couldn't refuse.

"Why don't we go upstairs to discuss this in private?" I asked her. She quickly agreed, and I led the way to the room we had rented for the night. This room was simple: a metal bed, small table with two chairs, and a nightstand with a lamp on it. There was a small window that overlooked the stables below. I smiled as I quietly locked the door behind us, "so we don't have unnecessary interruptions."

I then announced that the only way I was parting with the gloves was with an act of pure faith. She had to do whatever I asked, no questions. I could see the other players' eyes begin to lose their dull shine. The DM was even interested.

Of course Becky agreed, so long as she got the gloves. "Oh, and that sword too!" She had just noticed the magic blade.

"Of course," I replied, smiling. I could see the DM start to realize what was about to happen. The others listened silently.

I told Becky that since I liked role-playing too, we should do a little role-playing right now. Oh, how her eyes lit up at the notion! I told her to take off her armor, but leave the clothing. Ditch the weapons. Lay down on the bed.

"Do you like a little bondage?" I asked, still smiling. Poor Becky didn't even think to wonder why this was happening; she just agreed and was ready for whatever was to come. She accepted the ropes binding her to the metal bed. She accepted when I sat my character down atop hers and whispered, "Care for a kiss?"

I wish I could've taken a picture of the exact moment Becky realized her dear Paladin was getting attacked by a vampire. She tried to tell the DM that she was going to break free, but, no, the rolls were not in her favor that day. Poor Becky watched as her Paladin got her blood drained until there was nothing left.

The DM, Tomas, smiled. I could see smiles on the other players' faces as well. My character stood up, unlocked the door, and went downstairs.

"You know what needs  to be done," I said to the remaining players. I turned to Becky, who was still in a bit of shock. "I get to keep that character now. You will rise as a vampire spawn after 1d4 days under my control. Oh, and thanks for the Amulet."

I stood up from the table, grabbed Becky's sheet and my own, and, with a nod to the others, took my leave.

Another one to the fold...