"Yes! My collection is complete!" The raggedy old man exclaimed as I gave him the last Dagannoth bone. 

What a peculiar man, why did they need to be dipped in vinegar? I thought as I turned to walk away from him. Quest complete.

"Come here Cow31337Killer.. you have not received your reward.." His broken teeth and chapped lips made him look mad as if he was in the chasm that was opened near by. "You have not chosen your reward".

****, Another stupid item I do not have the bank space for nor can I store in my house. "Okay old man, what are my options?" I saw him pull out a sack, it made muffled sounds as if trying to speak and a helmet that was far worse than the helm I ripped from one of the brothers spectral bodies the day before. 

"Your choice is this.. a helmet I have crafted from the bones of my latest meal, a Ram! Found just south of here.. Or.. Or.. this sack you may carry with you to keep you.. company on your journey ahead. I must tell you it takes some getting used to.." he chuckled. As IF the options he gave me were even a reward for all the time I had spent collecting and cleaning his damned bones.

"Give me the sack of bones Old man" I sighed, clutching the crusty bag in my gauntlets.

"Good luck on your quests! And good riddance!" The old man sneered as if speaking to someone other than me.

****ing Crazy old man. Enjoy your bones you freak. I began walking towards the shortcut to get me to the bridge crossing the river salve.

"Here seems like a good spot to dump this trash" I exhaled as I moved to destroy the bag, I'm sure I can always go talk to the loon again to get another one.

"mumblemumblemmumbmumblemumble"

What in Guthix name was that?? I opened the bag, the smell pierced my nostrils as if something died inside a bloodveld. Inside the bones moved and formed into an arm, then into a leg and then into a different form once more. "Mumblemumblemumblemumble*snicker snicker"

"The bones! They speak..." Perhaps I should hold onto these, maybe they have magical properties.. and.. maybe.. they'll keep me company when I get my next 99. No one showed up to my last 99 cooking party..

"Come on bones, I heard the farmer died recently, his cows won't see us coming. ****ing COWS. I'll have my vengeance one day.."

*MUMMBLEMUMBMUMBLE*