Magic was discovered by chance in now the most famous basement in the world by Abigail Faber, brat extraordinaire. Though there were many, many debates as to what it actually was (physics, chemistry, make-believe, mass-psychosis) but most people had learnt to accept magic in the modern world. There were schools to learn the stuff, fabulously expensive of course, and frantic discussion by world leaders on how to treat magic users. There had been some horrible mistakes, and sanctions had clamped down but it was not yet illegal here. There was a certain thrill to that. Throughout my life I'd always sought danger, though mostly chickened out of the bigger risks. I took a risk and married Helen, then took a bigger risk and left her. Now the only danger in my life is if I'm going to get puked on down at the *Rattling Saber*, the bar where I work.

Magic glimmered with possibility. In theory, anyone could learn it, as it was simply akin to another language. Unlike making a mistake in French or Spanish or Chinese though, there were far worse consequences for getting a spell wrong. When Faber first released magic to the masses, the news had been filled with the latest brutal mutilations, the grim photos of severed bodies and fire-scorched heads plastered across every screen and newspaper. 

There was also the amazement of a spell gone right. The first magic-user I'd seen was one of the local church women singing mysterious words so beautifully, flying through the sky as if on invisible wings. I could still see the ghost-image in my head, her golden blonde hair streaming about her as she beamed high in the blue sky. 

Is it any wonder really that so many people wanted to learn magic? 

In all my life though, I'd never have expected it to be Steve's dream too. He was my childhood buddy, a long-time part-time criminal, construction worker, and hobbyist band member in the *Gone Wilds*. Steve was a rapper and always had been, a talent I'd been insanely jealous of in my youth but nowadays I simply enjoyed listening to the crazy sounds of the *Gone Wilds*. When Steve had come around to organise the next Battle of the Bands at the *Saber* and confided in me, I couldn't believe it. 

But it was true. He was an insanely fast learner, super smart, and always had been. In front of my very eyes he rapped in this insane language, and from his lips fell gold coins that tinkled down onto the floor with a cheerful sound. Lost for words, I could only stare on as Steve began to explain, and I couldn't help but feel the same excitement of my misspent youth resurface. 

---

The Battle of the Bands was a monthly event held at the *Rattling Saber* where several local bands competed to a drunk crowd into the early hours of the next day. It was stupidly fun, but tomorrow's event would have a twist no-one but myself and Steve would know about. There was word throughout the country that magic was being used not only for good but for bad. Steve, though a great and fun person to be with, was decidedly bad. And amongst the bad magices, there was competition. Somehow, in a most Steve-like way, he'd trodden on a few toes and now they were after him. 

A better, more sensible person would have urged their best friend to go and hide out for a while, forgoe the competition and stay safe. But Steve and I had a history. My life was boring as shit. His wasn't. Whenever he got involved I would jump on board, and to Hell and back with the consequences. 

Little did I know that in two days time, not only was my life turned upsidedown forever but the future of our little town would go up in smoke. 

I dreamt that night of flaming bullets and a mighty wrath. Tomorrow was the day of the Battle, and never had I been more excited. 