"Thanks doc, you've been a great listener. A real friend to all of us. But, I'm leaving now, and you know I'm the one that got the other kids to talk to you. I don't think they will after I'm gone." Benny said as we left my office. Well, the office I shared with Dr. Davis. Who was barely here at all and wasn't much of child psychologist when he was. 

To be honest it was a source of irritation to me that both of our names were on the door. I shook my head ruefully as I shut the office door behind me. Every time I get to work and every time I leave, I think these disparaging thoughts about a colleague, one whose not that bad. Even a counselor can have have issues and as I tell my kids, you can't always change how you feel - but you can change how you act.

"You're right." I laughed. As I walked down the hall a bit with Benny.

"I know Dr. Davis gives my profession a bad reputation. But I think kids will still be stopping by. You're not the only one that needs someone to talk to and Dr. Davis isn't the only person willing to listen you know." I said as I playfully ruffled his hair. Benny was a great kid, but he kind of thought of himself as the leader of the tight knit group of kids he hung out with, and as happy as he was that he was being adopted. He was worried about the ragtag "found" family he was leaving behind.

"No, doc really I..." Benny stopped, obviously affected by the moment. Obviously having trouble saying goodbye.

"Benny, everything's going to be okay. Look down the hall, that couple waiting, that's your family now. We're all happy for you, and we'll all be fine. Okay? You're a big brother to a lot of these kids, but your just a kid yourself, now go be one okay?" I said this lightly, lightly, but, with honest emotion that I was having a little trouble concealing. I genuinely loved this kid. He'd been through a lot and I think one of the proudest accomplishments of my career was helping him open up, helping him heal and seeing him grow.

"Doc, your right. I know. Just, don't take it personally if things change when I'm gone." He said in a voice thick with emotion, then he reached out to shake my hand. I shook it formally, man to little man. Then he surprised me by giving me a quick bear hug before heading towards the reception area where his new family was waiting. I watched him walk toward his new family, a fast trot that broke into a run. Watched him throw his arms around his adopted mom and dad, and saw him smile at me with shining eyes, tossing me little wave, as they bundled him away. 

There he goes, a kid who never had a chance, a kid who just might have one now. I felt hope, I felt pride, I felt love and... then it happened again, I felt a sudden wave of dizziness, it had been happening more and move over the last year. I swayed on my feet - putting my hand against the wall for a moment. Geez, I was in terrible shape, so busy taking care of others that I had really let myself go. I couldn't remember the last time I left the building honestly. I felt another wave of dizziness and knew I needed to get back to my office to sit down a bit - otherwise I'd be causing a scene by laying down in the hall. I stumbled back towards the office I shared with Dr. Davis, and fetched up against the door, which was locked. I never locked the door, I didn't even have key to the door. I rattled the door knob, baffled, dizzy, feeling faint and weak. This was impossible, I thought disjointedly, as I starred at the door. Something was different about the door. My name wasn't on it. Their was Dr. Davis' name, but the spot where my name had been, was blank, just the smooth grain of the wood. I reach for the space wonderingly as the sounds in the hall started to fade, and noticed without terror, without fear, that I could see the wood grain through my fingers. Through my hand.

I remembered then Benny's awkward goodbye, the emotion in his voice and the way his eyes had shined with joy and sadness, I remembered the smiles on his adopted parents faces as he ran towards them, as he threw his arms around them, and the smile on his face directed at me, and at the way their eyes had swept right over me as he waved his last goodbye, and as I started to fade away forever - there was a smile on my face as well.