Her eyes fluttered open at the sound of the alarm. She craned her head around, 6:00 a.m. It was the middle of December and her comforter felt like the pearly gates after spending an eternity in hell. Okay, slight possibility she exaggerated, but she hated the cold. The only time she could realistically get in the gym was the early morning because everything in her life threatened to push out the few things she really enjoyed. She rolled over on her side and noticed someone standing beside her.

"What the hell!?"

It didn't talk back. She dashed out of the room, slamming the door behind her. She flung the nearest chair under the door knob but since the door opened inwards it only served to make her fears worse. She grabbed her phone and darted out of the house.

"911 what is your emergency?"

"Okay, so there's this crazy guy. My house. All dark. I woke up."

"Take a breath, it's going to be alright. Are you in danger?"

"I think so—

She saw the still form through the window. It didn't walk, just eerily hovered at a glacial pace.

"Jesus! Yes! Yes, I'm in danger!" She told them her address and absolutely refused to remove her eyes from the thing that'd been hovering all over her bed. How long had it been there? Did it just appear of had it watched her sleep all night? Chills radiated down her spine.

It finally hit her that the temperature was below freezing and unless she put some clothes on she'd freeze to death before the police arrived. Both of her neighbors were on vacation, lucky bastards. She didn't feel like going to jail for breaking and entering so she decided that she decided the worst course of action would be to enter the house. She checked once more to check on the thing—

It was gone. She couldn't see it in the window.

Her heart quickened its already frantic beating as she found herself filled with a sudden surge of adrenaline. Why did she long to run into the house where a stranger lurked? Before her thoughts could stop her she dashed into the house, slightly apprehensive but no longer terrified. She threw open the closet and grabbed a jacket. When she closed the door—

It hovered right next to her.

"Fucking fuck!" Instead of running outside she scrambled back into her bedroom, desperate for the warmth her snow pants brought. Once fully clad in her battle gear she grabbed the sword she hung above her bed. Never noticed that before, but damn does this feel right. With no clue how to wield it she kicked her door open, vaulting out into the hall...

Right into the path of the first responder. He drew his firearm and leveled it at Stacy. "On the ground!"

"Behind you!"

"I said on the—

The person split in half and ate the officer... whole.

She attacked the creature with her sword but lacking the experience necessary did little more than give it a few cuts. Mostly she smacked it with the flat of the blade.