"Hey. I see you on the bus everyday and you always look very pretty, I thought I'd say hi..." I rambled on due to nerves

"Me?," she said with pointed eyes and a deathly serious expression "How in the hell can you see me?" She looked like her entire existence had somehow shifted into another plane, or at least like she was tripping out on some good shit.

"I mean, yeah, you? You okay?" I was genuinely concerned at this point, both for her and for my own safety.

She laughed out loud but no one else seemed to notice. Instead I was getting a few curious looks myself. "I'm fine John. Though, you're currently talking to what appears to everyone else as empty space, so, you might want to wait until your stop to continue this conversation. I'll follow you up to your room." she spoke with a chuckle, like this was a normal yet still funny occurrence.

I was filled with confusion but rather than argue I took a seat by her and waited for my stop. When the bus pulled up to my stop she followed me off and tailed me closely.

"My name's Lyra. I'm a god- well, was a god I guess. Nobody has even thought about me in a few hundred years. No way in hell has anyone seen me with that little worship-juice to work with-"

I cut her off as I opened the door to my apartment. "Wait, what. God? Worship-juice?"

"Oh come on now, you can't really be that dumb. The only way you could see me is if you're a demi, you surely knew you were. I mean, there are only 6 of you right now."

"Only 6?"

"Yeah. You, and 5 others. You really don't have a clue do you? We, the gods I mean, can all sorta feel you're existence - not location though. Never would've thought I'd run into one in Omaha though. As soon as you spoke to me I looked into you - hence I knew your name- and I'll be damned, a demi. You must be Aleita's kid. She's a god of numbers and data. Sorta explains you're knack for programming?"

"Can you stop saying things about me I haven't told you. It's weird."

She laughed a deep laugh, with a little snort. "I'm a god, of course it's weird."

I rolled my eyes and took a deep breath, "So, what now?"

"I kill you."

My heart stopped.

She laughed out loud again, this time snorting so loud I thought she would keel over. "I'm kidding. Jeez John. You should have a sense of humor. Here," she walked over to me and put her hand on mine. I felt a strange warmth. "you should be able to fully utilize your gifts now. Enjoy."

And with that she got up and left. I went to follow her but after I reopen the door to my apartment that she just walked out she was gone. I sat for a moment before realizing that based on her tone and speech patterns she must be an Omaha native, or least she's been here for a long time. She rode the 23 everyday around this time so she must be headed southbound towards Doge, and based on her comfort with me I knew she wouldn't make an effort to get away if I looked for her. Damn it. She wasn't kidding.

I analyzed the fastest route there and before I knew it I knew the precise location of every person in between us, of the chances that a cab would be near my apartment - 12%, of the the number of potholes between any two points in the city on average. I made it back to Lyra in less than 10 minutes.

"Good work hot stuff. Let's go back to your room." She smiled and before I could respond I was laying on my bed with her as she looked straight up at the ceiling.

"What are your chances with me?" She asked with a smirk.

"Why do you think I approached you on the bus?" I asked, knowing all along my chances were 100%


