We lived side by side spending our days joined at the hips so much so people thought we were brothers. My skin was covered in them by the time I was 12 while he hadn’t got a single mark yet, I was slightly envious of his clear skin that impressed people for a boy his age. When I asked him how he did it, he simply shrugged and said anything was possible with a slight grin. His vague reply made me more jealous, sure I lied more than most kids my age but most of the lies were petty and insignificant that I didn’t think twice about. Plus, the marks I got didn’t hurt one bit so it just sorta added up after a while. 

Then childhood ended and I moved away right before I started high-school. We didn’t really keep in contact with each other like how most kids promise but never do. It wasn’t any different with us, by the time my 20s came around he was just a hazy childhood friend I had all but forgotten about. 

It was blistering hot that day, too hot to wear anything but short sleeves and pants. I hated wearing those types of clothes, while most people’s scars were skinny and faded into their skin. Mine had become more gashed and discolored as I grew older, I was one of the unlucky ones whose skin healed badly to these marks. Just genetics they told me. 

I was walking back from the bus stop when I saw him in front of me, his clear pale skin devoid of any scars got my attention first before I saw his face. When I looked up at his face that’s when I recognized him, I called out his name and waved slightly at him. His face looked blank for a moment before lighting up in recognition as well. His pasty lips smiled at me and called me over, while we caught up all I could notice was how unblemished his arms and legs looked. Scars usually showed up first on your limbs before covering your whole body. 
He must have noticed my gawking and laughed a bit before telling me to not trust your first impressions. I was confused by what he meant, but when I asked he just smiled a bit wider. 

“Ben, I was actually kind of happy you were jealous of me when we were younger. In a way, I was just lucky they showed up in places where no one noticed.” He said to me, before turning his back and walking away before I could reply. 

I noticed a painful red looking scar peeking out from the back of his neck and drops of red starting to stain his white shirt. 
