And without a fiber of contempt within his body, Tim Miller doomed the entire planet.

The day started with breakfast: two eggs slightly burnt and a cup of watery brew. He never got eggs right, but Billy always tried his best. After the paper he stepped outside onto his porch. Jenny once called it the thinker, he just called it the chair. He sat and thought the grass was looking a little yellow, no sense in letting it get thirsty, he thought. Just as he picked up the hose, the men came.

It was a little hot for for black suits, but the sunglasses seemed appropriate. The car they parked looked a little above even their pay grades. 

"Excuse me sir, what are you doing?" one man asked.

"Waderin' mah lawn, what's it look like tuh you?" said Tim.

"Watering the lawn, of course, makes perfect sense sir!" said the other man. He tapped away at a tablet.

"Anythin' I can do for ya?" asked Tim. "Yer early this week."

"No, no. Do we tell him sir?" asked the man with the tablet.

"We just need a pulse on the average American. That's all."

"Well yer annoying, why don't you get off my property? You're steppin' on the lawn, y'know," said Tim.

"Well, we just need to ask you a few more questions."

Tim looked at his hose. He turned it on and let it run for a moment. The water was wasted on cement.

The man with the tablet spoke. "Look, just tell us what you think of the current administration and we'll-"

Tim raised the hose and pressed his thumb to the tip. He sprayed water on the man with the tablet.

"MY TABLET!" said the man with the broken tablet.

Tim lowered the hose. "Now you, I-"

"We must know how you're feeling," said the other man.

"I feel..."

Tim raised the hose and pressed his thumb to the tip again, soaking the man.

"Like you should get off my lawn. You're taking up all its water!" 

The two men, soaked, looked at each other.

"Do you have a pen?" asked the man with the broken tablet.

They walked towards their car and turned back towards Tim one last time before getting in.

"Only if you have a towel," said the other man.

Once the car doors slammed, Tim watered his lawn in peace.

A week later the water shortage began. Every lawn was flush and there was none left to drink.

The last day started with breakfast: no eggs and a side of coffee grounds. 