*Late to the party, but here we go.*

I ran. 

I ran harder than I'd ever run before. 

No one thought it would come to *this*. 

Tensions had been ramping up for the last few years, sure. The tar sands corporations hadn't taken kindly to being shunted aside for the fracking corporations down south. Everybody knew; whenever money came into doubt, that was when the powers moved. 

The clock ticked down, and down, and down some more.

But no one, not *anyone*, expected the carnage that loosed itself on upstate New York when tensions finally reached their breaking point. 

I ran harder. My breath pumped in and out of my lungs like the rhythmic thumping of the rigs in the Southern US that still pumped crude from the ground. Irony, it seemed, had yet to be scared out of my consciousness. 

As my legs churned, I reflected vaguely on what had been an otherwise dull and uneventful day. I experienced my memories in snippets between breaths. Showing up for work and donning my Border Patrol standard issue body armor, Kevlar helmet, and load of magazines for my antiquated SCAR-H medium assault rifle. I remembered shaking my head, as I always did at the nearly 100-year-old equipment. Mostly, I'd planned to look really scary as per the usual standard, without ever really having anything to do. The face of a couple travelers flashed through my consciousness as well, the old black man who was heading up to Ontario "for business," the carful of young girls that had passed through not 30 minutes before the...

The image of the invasions first moments chilled my thoughts into a motionless sludge. My legs burned. I could here the pounding of hooves behind me, and had one of those terror-induced moments of insane laughter as I ran, picturing Dudley Do-Right charging down Snidely Whiplash with a lariat or something. Then, a branch appeared in the way of my path, seemingly out of nowhere, and I went to the ground in a tumbling heap of Kevlar, SAPI plates, and bruised elbows.

I scrambled to my back and edged up against the tree whose low hanging branch had knocked me to the side. Fighting to control my breathing, I slammed a magazine home in the rifle's mag well and took aim in the direction I'd just come, sweat beading and rolling down off of my face in giant globs as my eyes fought futilely to adjust to the low light.

I only saw shadows, and just a bit of the mist that forms when a cold night rises to meet the remains of a hot, summer day. The pounding of hooves had ceased, leaving me in utter silence, the sound of my heart pounding away like an Iroquois war drum. My breath came ragged as I fought to silence the great gulps of air I was hacking into my lungs at an elevated rate.

A twig snapped to my right. I swiveled, pivoting at the waist to point the barrel of my big weapon into the shadows of the trees. Then, another twig to my left. I pivoted another 180 degrees, back the way I'd come, staring down the sights of my rifle into pure, misty darkness. 

And then the sound of slowly clopping hooves sounded, soft on the forest floor, directly in front of my position. I closed my eyes, my bowels filling with dread as I turned in anguished resignation to the direction from which I'd come.

Red, beady eyes, too far apart to be entirely normal, stood watching me, motionless. The hooves had stopped sounding again. A whoosh of breath blew a misty breath, and the eyes glowed with an infernal light that brought a glow to the beastly exhalation. Then, silently, it took two steps forward, and I beheld my attacker, one of an innumerable host, and my blood ran as cold as it had moments before, when the Border Patrol station had been overrun.

The shoulders of my assailant were more heavily armored than I'd seen the first time. Pockmarks from bullets riddled the plating, clearly from large-caliber automatic fire. The armor itself was pitch black, and mounted on... *haunches*. As I watched, four heavily muscled-yet-spindly legs appeared, holding up the bulk of the creature.

I didn't fire again until I saw the paddle horns, adorned in the entrails of my co-workers. I fired, and fired, laying rounds, then bursts, then an unbroken stream of automatic fire straight into the... the *thing*, breaking fire only to frantically change magazines, let the bolt slide home, and go back to firing. In the light of the ricochets off of the beast's armor, I saw a faint outline of the words "Canuck Defense Genetics Co." I also saw that its long, elongated head had an unnatural mouth full of serrated, gleaming, canine fangs... and that mouth was slavering, equal parts saliva and blood pouring liberally from what could only have been described as a maw. That was when I closed my eyes.

After what seemed like an eternity, the bolt clicked back on my rifle, the last magazine in my kit empty. The War Moose threw back its head, and shrieked out a roar that, for all of my current terror, made my blood run even colder. I heard more hooves in the brush, and knew that my time, the time of *man*, had finally come to the end of its evolutionary line. I swallowed, and prayed that the War Moose would be quick.

It was not.

PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: NATIONAL EMERGENCY: Canadian Forces have crossed the border into upstate New York and portions of Maine. Residents are advised to remain indoors, preferably in cramped spaces. Any sightings of moose should be reported immediately. 

God help us all.