The doorbell rang. Harry woke up. He was in his housecoat, unshaven and unshowered. He was sitting in his armchair, it had been his for around 150 years, he didn't remember exactly. He stood up and shuffled toward the door.
 His great-great-niece, Penny, was coming around this noon, to see him. "It had been so long", she said, on the phone. He knew what she wanted; him dead, like the rest of his family. He opened the door.
 
"Uncle Harry so nice to finally see you again!".
"Yeah nice to see you too, you can hang your coat there, i'll be in the livingroom," he said gruffly.
She sighed and started to unwrap her shawl, it was very shilly for a september day. Harry went back to his armchair. Followed by Penny.
 You can sit on the couch, sorry that i don't have anything for you, fell asleep in the armchair, did'nt sleep too well. She was disinterested, but atleast she nodded for an response.
 
"You know Harry you really ought to clean this place up, it can't be nice living like this." His apartment was cluttered with old photos, figurines, and other knick-knacks, spread out on every possible surfice, the only things to prove that Harry had lived for 478 years, really.
He grunted, "they bring me back to happier times, when Gwendolyn was here, you know..."

But of course, she said, and smiled modestly. She was actually somewhat understanding, that's why Harry liked her the best out of his relatives, and, well, she was the only one who liked him. She picked up a photograph, which was lying in front of her, on the table. Harry and Gwendolyn were holding eachother, smiling, at some party, all dressed up, surrounded by people Penny didn't recognize.

 "How long is it since she... passed now?"
"27 years this thursday." 
"Oh, im sorry."

Harry continued, she couldn't take it anymore, feeling like your on a completely different planet, than the one you were born on, among people you don't know... I went  for a walk to cool down, we had had a fight, about some silly thing, and when i got back.... It was a weak side of her's, making decisions while upset." 
"Im sorry, i should've shut up."

No, no, actually Harry, thats sort of why i went here. Harry sank down in the armchair, clasping it's arms. You know Jack and i have financial problems ,and with Preston going off to college doesn't make it any better.
You want my money.
"All i'm saying is that 478 years is a very long time, and maybe you'll meet Gwendolyn, again." 
"Yeah maybe." 
"You still have the pills?"
"Yes i do, is there anything more you want!"
Sorry, she glanced at her watch, i'll have to rush, i have pilates i 45-minutes.
Bye uncle Harry, until next time.
 There won't be a goddamn next time, if you get what you want, he thought. Bye! Bye! The door slammed, it was all quiet now.
 He rose up, shaken by all of this, he doddered to his desk, it was edwardian, re-painted several times, though.

 It was covered with mostly with half-hazardly stacked photo-albums, of as he said happier times. He sat down, in the old office chair, he reached down to the lowest drawer. It was practially stuck. All this trouble because of her, so she can live comfortably, he thought to himself. It got unstuck. Only a pill bottle was there.

 He started to breathe deeper, and his heart beat faster. He managed to pick it up. His tinnitus got worse, it was ringing, and ringing, in his ears. He held it right in front of his eyes. Cyanide, it read. He froze. The ringing stopped, he stopped breathing, and his heart stopped beating.

 Everything was still, for a moment. He shivered, threw the bottle in the trashcan. He leaned back in the chair, and felt good and self-righteous. She can buy me another bottle of the damn pills, he thought and smiled to himself.