Blythe…
	She’s the one word that has stayed with me, and at this point she is just that: a word.  

Blythe is no longer a name, no longer the hope of a face, no longer the pining for a chance encounter that would place all of it –all of me—back together. 
For too much time I imagined about that encounter.  In my favorite scenario, a dream I had more often than I would like to admit, I am walking in the village green –barefoot.  It was one of those days where the leaves had already begun to turn, but at the same time it was unseasonably warm, so everyone was out trying their best to wrestle as much summer fun as possible away from the impending fall.  I’m kicking a soccer ball –but sometimes it is a Frisbee – with the new friends I’ve made, and just as Avery crosses toward me to score on the net imagined out of our tennis shoes, I hear it.

“Come on, Blythe, we’re going to be late.”

I am frozen on the spot.  The ball careens off into some thicket but I make no attempt to chase.  I don’t hear Jay ask me if I’m going to get it and then run off himself when I make no obvious response.  I’m sure he was more upset with me than he should have been, but I couldn’t possibly care less at this point.  My everything is focused solely on the origin of that voice.

Blythe was being called by a woman in her late 20s, and while there was nothing overly remarkable about her, at that moment she was the most transfixing person on the planet, she was my messiah.  I can’t explain how I knew that this time, this Blythe was THE Blythe, but I knew.  I’ve read everything I could on ‘spell-loss’, and time and again I was directed to the phenomena of the ‘triggering event’.

Sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes, one who has lost memories through use of magic can have his/her memories returned if certain criteria are met.  Now of course one knows what said criteria actually are as it differs for each person, but for me, it was this.  Finally seeing the person I threw away everything for. The crowd on the green is fairly large, but I am able to get sight of her when she turns her head in order to respond to her friend.

“I’ll be right there!”

The words hit me like a downpour in a desert.  Everything comes flooding back.  My former job, my real friends – not these people who I have been occupying my time with to fill the void but feel no true connection with. I remember Michael and Allen, my two brothers, and the time when I broke my arm after slipping on seaweed at the beach.  And Chino! My mutt that is a combination of so many breeds we all referred to him as a “purebred mess”.  And then suddenly—my wife.  

Oh God, Alyssa.  It’s been years, but she’d remember me.  Remember the time we spent together and the love we have.  I could finally get back to her.  I feel the collective longing for her that had unknowingly built up inside crash down on me at once.  A moment previous I didn’t realize Alyssa existed, but now I can’t wait to find her and explain everything because above all, I remember the why.  Why I would give up my life for this woman, this person, this…name.

Every time I woke from that dream, it was simultaneously the best and worst moments of my life.  Just before I was fully conscious I had a part of that solution; the key to the puzzle unlocked with me in the real world. Then, I had to lose it all again.   

That dream stopped recurring four years ago.  I miss the wife I never had and the dog I’ve never actually played fetch with.  I am sure they both were never parts of my former life, I mourn them because they are the closest to real I have. I’ve made attempts to start again, to make something out of the shambles that I have become.  But Blythe is the scab that my brain can’t stop picking, and one way or another she finds a way to break it all back down again to just her.  Just Blythe.  I hope you were worth it.
	
I have lurked on this subreddit for a long time and this is my first submission, any feedback would be welcome!
