I'd been in my biochem exam, tears welling up in frustration. I had wasted the previous night pacing around in a failing effort to reduce my anxiety enough to allow me to study. I was sure I was going to fail. I put my head down and tried to gather myself.

When I opened my eyes, I saw an unfamiliar face reflected back at me. *A mirror?* I thought, *But... that doesn't look anything like me. Maybe a window?*

"Hello!" I mouthed, the movements feeling strangely unfamiliar. The helmet- and safety vest-clad man seemed to have the same idea. A gust of wind rattled through the scaffolding, and only then did I realize my predicament. My eyes quickly darted from the window to my feet, and as my eyes adjusted to the precipitous height, my stomach tied itself into a knot. 

"*Jesus fuck!*" I said, instinctually kneeling and grabbing the railing beside me. I closed my eyes again, trying to stave off the imminent panic attack. After some minutes, I opened them again, this time deliberately avoiding looking down. To my right I saw a squeegee, and a bucket with some rags and other things which I assumed were cleaning-related. *Definitely a window.*

I looked at my gloved hands. My wrists were an unfamiliar shade, and my skin lacked its characteristic dryness. I looked again at the window and raised my left hand. *That's... me? Why am I ...Asian?*

I took a deep breath and looked out at the eminently unfamiliar skyline. The early afternoon Sun bore down on me, and all at once I realized how hot it was. Where the hell was I? Beijing? Singapore? 

Suddenly, the little car I was suspended in jolted, and began to rise. Someone must have activated the winch. Luckily, it seemed I was already pretty close to the top. I looked up to see a small Asian woman waving at me near the winch. 

After a few minutes, I was able to step off my aerial prison onto the roof of the building. The woman was standing near a door, propping it open and beckoning me to follow her. I jogged over to her, and she closed the door behind me. I sat on the top of the stairs leading down, finally starting to calm myself. 

She sat beside me, and now that I got a good look at her, I realized she was more a girl than a woman. She was perhaps 12 or 13 years old. I chuckled to myself. I guess this hadn't just happened to me. 

She saw the look on my face and said "So I take it you're catching on then, mate?" with a not-so-subtle Aussie accent. "I saw you shiverin' with terror out there and figured I'd best get you back on to solid ground." 

"You were inside?" I said.

"Yeah, think I was visitin' the old man or something. Dude's dressed up all sharp like and he's just crawling around putting stuff in his mouth. Think he got swapped with a toddler."

"Swapped...? So did... everyone?" I said, trying to comprehend the scale of the transference.

"Seems like it. I was a 33-year-old man before, believe it or not," she said, with a sly grin. "Feels a bit creepy to be like this, to be honest," she continued, gesturing at her clothes. 

"I was lucky you were around, then. Could have been stuck out there for a long time. Thanks," I said, extending my hand out to shake hers. 

She took it, then yanked me out of my seated position, her face showing some surprise at the needed effort. "Now lets see if we can't figure out what's happening."

After several attempts to call and elevator, we decided on taking the stairs. We talked and got to know each other a bit on the way down. She'd been around the block a few times, it seemed. The contrast with her appearance, which was that of a sheltered rich girl, was amusing to the both of us. She seemed nice enough. She told me her name had been Marcus. 

When we finally got down to the ground floor, there was chaos. People were shouting at each other in several different languages, papers had been tossed every which way, windows had been broken. As we stepped outside, a wave of sound hit us, as if the whole city was screaming. There were a huge amount of car accidents; some minor, some gruesome. All manners of people were helping to rescue others from the wrecks. A boy, no older than 8, was directing a throng of other people to assist in rendering aid. His accent was like mine. Marcus and I helped out for a while, and I had the chance to wave down the little boy after things calmed down a bit. 

"Hey, are you — were you — from Canada, by any chance?" I said, nervously. 

"Yessir, a paramedic in Toronto. You too?" he said.

"Yeah, from the area. Does anyone know what happened?" 

"Not that I'm aware of. It's been total chaos the last hour or so. At least there's less people ramming into each other now," he responded, seemingly exhausted.

"Alright, thanks. And... thanks for helping all these people," I added, awkwardly. 

"Just doing what I can, man." I nodded, and walked back towards Marcus. 

We walked along the street and eventually came to an electronics store with TVs on display. All of the ones which were still functioning had a blue screen plastered with a single line of text in every conceivable language. The line read: "DO NOT PANIC. THE SITUATION IS BEING ASSESSED." 

***

Months passed. The world slowly adjusted to this new reality, and a semblance of order returned. Community care centres were set up to care for the millions of displaced former children. Housing was re-structured and homes were rationed as a provisional solution to the crisis, once it became apparent that returning everyone to their former homes would be nigh impossible. Smartphones, and particularly translation apps, became necessary as intermediaries. People worked tirelessly to connect lost children to their parents, but the going was very slow, and cases of mistaken identity were understandably common. 

The news media, one of the first industries to bounce back after the crisis, became focused on telling the various stories of the Transference. After all, it was the only thing we could all still relate to. Science and tech news was filled with speculation as to how it had happened, and how it might be reversed, on a micro scale and worldwide. A neuroscientist, now in the body of a teenage boy, had risen to fame for his part in helping the public to understand what had happened. He'd even had a book published. Debates sprang up in the news, as to who had the right to do what and with which body. Many people who had swapped sexes decided to physically transition, to much furor. Tattoos were banned in many areas. A small but significant number of people had committed suicide, unable to cope with their new situation. A few hundred thousand people had found their swap partners, either online or in person, and there were many tabloid stories about the handful of relationships that resulted. These were the new celebrities. 

I had ultimately ended up living with Marcus, and a handful of other people. Val, an elderly black lady from Texas, who was now living in the body of a petite Asian woman in her 40s, and Dean, a young British man who had been transferred into a young Asian man. We were living in Beijing, as I had ultimately found out. Not that that meant much any more. Val was a damn good cook, too.

Most able bodied people took part in reconstructing the infrastructure that had been destroyed in the first few weeks, or maintaining small gardens and farms to help mitigate the food shortages which had inevitably cropped up. I worked in a hacked-together biology lab that had popped up in the city center to help in making some of the necessities — making insulin for the local diabetic population, creating antitoxins and antibodies for tetanus and rabies, starting seedlings off, spaying and neutering strays. All manner of things.

Marcus came home one night shivering, clearly spooked by something. She sat down in our little living room and I gave her a cup of tea. "You alright, man?"

"Do you think we'll ever get our bodies back?" she said, pensive.

"I hope so," I said, "I think I got like twelve or fifteen years older when this all happened. I'd like to be back to my actual age. My back has been killing me for months now," I continued, rubbing at the now-familiar lower back ache. 

Her eyes dropped to her cup, and she rubbed the rim with her thumb thoughtfully. I sat beside her, sipping at my own tea. She handed me her phone, which had the death listings pulled up for Australia. There, in the middle of the list, under the "Adelaide" subheading, was her name: Marcus Smythe. Killed three days ago. 