When I first jumped, the calculations were a bit wrong, I was supposed to go to 1827 for a job, but the engineer must have punched in the wrong date and I landed in 1287, the signal was too weak to pull me back. All I had to do was wait for them to create enough jump bridges to pull me back, after 27 years, I don’t think they are pulling me back, my paycheck would be too large to compensate. 

I was known as ThunderKnignight, over 900 duels won, most respected and feared Knight in all the kingdoms. 

Upon arrival, I knew that if I was caught, they would kill me for being a wizard. Knowing Greek was an advantage. I disguised myself as an Ancient Greek scholar, wrote some basic math books, and headed to the closed village and started “cultural exchange”. Enough backstory. 

Thunder knight - 7ft tall, light half sword with a Glock strapped to it, and a round shield. 

All the people knew I was blessed by God, every time I dueled, God would applaud with thunder from the sky. 

The day was sunny and clean, I knew Sir. Bridgman III, I really did not want to kill him, but hell he was an amazing fighter, he would cut me in half. 

The battle started, some tiptoeing, a few swings, blocks, I was going to try and beat him without firing my glock, but the old man hit like a truck. I knew things got serious when he threw his shield and Half-sword and picked up his zweihander and starts pounding my shield, his sword is too long, I can’t even get close enough to land one blow. The sun was setting, Sir. Bridgman is tired, as am I. I go in for a flurry of swings and shield bashes, no use, he parries every single Attack. 

The cocky old man taunts me, “is this the best you got, I can parry all you weak attacks! And they call you thunder knight! More like the feather knight. 

With anger and insult to my name I scream “parry this you filthy casual” do my iconic charge attack and pull the trigger. 

....
The gods applaud with thunderous roar!
....
The old man dies before he hits the ground, center mass kill shot. I plunge my sword through the bullet hole to disguise it, pull my dagger, and strike again.

Turning to the roaring crowd I scream God Does not accept insults to his holy fighter on earth!



(Sorry for mistakes written on mobile)
 