"Sir, we've found him!"

General Grover turned slowly to meet the gaze of his second-in-command. "This had better not be another false positive, Colonel Baker. We don't have the time to train another failure."

"No, sir!" the colonel barked, letting on a sly grin. "It's been verified in triplicate and the subject himself has so confirmed. 42.7 hours logged in *No Man's Sky*, more than twice the time of our last candidate."

"And what do the algorithms predict?"

"A 99.8% chance of maintaining consciousness for the trip's duration, and a 55% chance of remaining sane." The colonel relaxed his posture and in a rare breach of protocol placed his hand on his friend's shoulder. "It's going to work, sir."

General Grover allowed himself a slight smile. "Let's hope, Marty. Let's hope. Is the subject in the facility?"

"Yes, sir," Baker replied, snapping to attention again. "He arrived at 1100 hours under armed escort. No debriefing yet."

"Have him brought into my office in half an hour," replied Grover. "And tell him nothing yet."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"What the hell is going on?" Jamie barked. "Kidnapped in the dead of night. Drugged, black bagged and locked in a cell." He was fighting back tears now, panting. "What the fuck is happening?"

"I apologize for your treatment," the general replied, motioning to the seat across from his desk, "but we had to take complete precautions."

"So you're American. That's good to know." Jamie slowly lowered himself into the chair. "So what is this?"

"Yes, we are American. And what I am about to tell you is classified as top secret. We..."

"No, don't tell me!" Jamie shouted. "The less I know, the faster I can leave, right?"

Grover sighed. "You won't be going home, soldier. You are under conscription into the United States Armed Forces, effective immediately. You have been assigned to an outward bound spacecraft, departing 9 days from now."

Jamie looked on, incredulously. "You have to be kidding," he managed to stutter.

"Unfortunately not," replied Grover. His tone softened. "We've found intelligent life, son. Communique from Proxima B. We're sending the most non-threatening, diplomatic ambassador in our nation's history to make first contact."

"That's...amazing," replied Jamie. "But why do you need me?"

"Ah, well..." Grover smirked. "It's an 11 year journey, even with the 400 metric ton antimatter ship we've had in storage for the last decade, and the detrimental effects of isolation on the human psyche are well documented."

"But why me?" he protested. "Why not any random schmuck?"

"Because our ambassador is...he's special. And you're made of steel," the general replied. "*No Man's Sky* was our project, designed to locate a human mind capable of withstanding the most boring, tedious social environments ever created. And you logged in almost two days worth of time. How did you do it, son?"

Jamie shrugged. "I don't know. I just sort of...well, I turned myself numb, I guess."

"A skill that will come in quite handy, I'm sure," said Grover. "Now please, son, I think you should meet your compatriot." He pressed a red button and spoke into an intercom. "Send him in, lieutenant."

The door opened and a tall, well-built man with a square jaw and stiff, robotic movements entered. He wore a fitted black suit with a tie so firmly roped that it seemed to be choking him. A smile crept across his face that reminded Jamie of a slowly turned flip-book. "Hello, young man. My name is Al Gore. Do you like things?"