Kayla stood at the exit door as the class emptied,  oblivious to the looks of those trying to leave. I sensed her eyes glancing at me, and found it uncomfortable, not because I'd always been shy around girls, but because she was quite weird herself. She looked normal, like every other girl, a little on the shorter side, but normal nonetheless. What made her eccentric was her behavior. She'd miss school more days than she would attend it, and even when she was there, she'd barely talk to anyone. No teacher would ever question her and none of the seniors would ever bully her either. She'd walk straight from the class to the room at the end of the first floor hallway. "Conquest Club" the door read, in a non standard sticker. Every other sticker in school, be it on the doors, in the classrooms, the labs or the admin office, was white text on a maroon background. The sticker that declared Conquest Club was a faint green on a dark black background. Dark black like it was sucking light, kind of like a blackhole. In a smaller font size, barely legible were the words "ESTD 2008". Who really cares when the club was established. No one even knew what it was for. The other members, much like Kayla were nobodys. No one knew who they were, or what they did, and honestly, no one even cared. Neither did I, till that evening when I followed Kayla into the room. The door opened quite easily and led into a dark empty room. My discomfort around people was especially high in dark empty rooms and my stomach churned as if to warn me about how bad an idea it was to follow an unknown girl into an unknown room.

"Are you scared of death?", her voice quipped, as if she could read my mind at that very moment.

"Of course, who isn't?" I replied almost instinctively.

"Good, I'm about to show you something, and if you ever tell anyone about it, we'll kill you."

I nodded in approval, letting her know I understand for some reason, she does have the ability to get me killed. She walked towards the end of the room and slid the last bench away from the corner  The tile below was loose and she lifted it using her fingertips to reveal a weird looking lock. She turned a biometric door handle, nothing of the sort I'd ever seen,and the wall behind her moved just a little, revealing an opening I could barely slide through sideways. I was nervous but excited at the same time, my stomach however, disagreed. The room I'd entered was five times the size of the other one and looked like a discarded assembly room of sorts. The walls were covered with monitors which were connected to odd looking computers and the computers were connected to wires which ran all over the room. There were huge cameras with some sort of laser system next to them and the vents had some sort of cylinders attached to them. Kayla introduced me to the other members of the club who were comfortably sitting on couches, bean bags and chairs, all around a rectangular table which had some sort of holographic AR projection emanating bluish light on their faces.

"Have a seat, we're just about to begin."

I faintly smiled and sat on a bean bag chair next to the guy who'd just spoken. He looked like their undeclared leader. Kind of like the HR or Admin who would give the induction.

"The rules are simple. You get a billion dollars, you have to invest them and double the money by the time you leave school. The next batch gets one billion with the same rules and you get to keep the billion you have made."

Bewildered, I looked at him, rubbed my eyes to shake off the surrealism hangover, and almost laughingly asked him: "Why ? And what after that ?"

It looked like he was happy I was shocked, as it was a normal thing to do, and a normal reaction meant I had no hidden motives.

"Well, the billion is yours to keep, you can do whatever you wish to, but if Conquest Club seems like the place you wanna be associated with, all you need to do is help your juniors with their investments and keep investing till we have enough money to colonise the Moon to create a new world."

Weird endgame, I thought to myself, but makes sense to create a new world rather than conquer the existing one. "Umm, how do I begin though ?" I asked, realising I'm a billionaire now, but still a school kid.

"Oh, yes, sorry about that. There are two things you need to now do, start to learn programming, the reason why you've been chosen is because you show a high tendency to learn and pursue a genius of a stint in computer science." The holographic display on the table showed an image of my face with some numbers which apparently agreed with his words. "And second, start investing with the help of the alumni who's decided to guide you."

"Oh awesome, that sounds doable" I said with equal parts of relief and worry in my voice, "Who is my mentor though?"

"This is the part where you don't freak out, there are things about this world you don't understand yet. Just try and go with the flow?"

"Umm, sure."

"So, your mentor's the one who started the club, he goes by the name Steve, but the world calls him Satoshi Nakamoto."