The crowd waited in anticipation as Dr. Henderson approached the podium. Their eyes fixed on the creature behind him. A taxidermied werewolf corpse. Hair still madded and mangled. Dried blood on its fangs. Eyes filled with both rage and fear. Somehow the last moments of horror had been captured; frozen in time. Henderson took his place at the podium, glanced over his shoulder at the beast and back to the crowd.

"Not so scary now; is he?" he smiled. The crowd hesitated and then burst into a joyous uproar. 

"Thank you, thank you," Henderson took great delight in his accomplishments, and was never one to shy away from them. 

"You are all too kind, Thank you so much. Please- Please, take your seats, everybody, we have a lot to cover in a short amount of time. As many of you know my name is Doctor Harold Henderson and I am thrilled to say that I am here in your small town of -erm..." he pauses for a moment to look at an index card in his hand. 

"...Mount Cedar. Now I'm sure you are aware that in recent months this community has been suffering from a slew of vicious attacks from what some would suspect to be a...Sasquatch?" 

The crowd becomes restless. They jeer and scream obscenities.

"THAT FUCKER KILLED MY DOG!" this agitates the group further.

"I understand my friends. Truly, I do. I truly do...." he drifts away for a moment. 

"BUT! Do not fear my friends. That is precisely why I am here standing before you on this beautiful day, and I say, it is a beautiful day isn't?" the crowd doesn't seem to react to his pandering. 

"I am here because, in all the world round, there is no finer zoologist than I. The renowned Dr. Harold Henderson. You may be asking yourself - Why is he here? How can one man be of use to us? Well, I'll tell you! I am an - EXPERT - on all things beastly. I have hunted the sirens of the sea, netted harpies from their roost.... I've even slain a dragon." he pulls a golden chain from his collar, from it dangles a large alabaster tooth. The crowd gasps. 

"So you see my new friends, I have come to add a new beasty to my collection, and make this beautiful place you call home, safe once more." 

The crowd applauds half-heartedly. 

"Now before I begin I will need a few things from you all in return. One, no one shall be on the streets past sundown. Two, NO-MATTER- WHAT do not leave your homes. Finally, trust that by daybreak I shall have the culprit at hand. Are there any questions?" 

Every hand in the crowd raises at once. 

Henderson, a bit aghast, points to a woman front and center. 
     
"Yes, ma'am you there. What is your question?"
 
"Have you ever captured one of those big feets?" 

Henderson hesitates - 

"Well, in fact, I have not Ma'am, but there is no need to fret. As I have said my captures to date include minotaurs, unicorns, chimeras, leprechauns... I could go on but I think you understand. Just look at this beast behind me. This werewolf stalked a village, like this one, in the eastern woods of German for more than twelve years. Yet... here he stands." Henderson nudges the corpse in the ribs as if he is an old friend. 

"BUT- You ain't never got you a big foot have you?" a man interrupts. 

"No, I have not... -So I can see there are no more questions here," Henderson turns his back to the crowd whose hands are still raised. 
 
"Thank you very much for your time, and please remember the things I have asked of you. Tomorrow you will have your town back!" he flashes a crooked smile and lifts his fist in the air as he scuttles off stage. 

Harold spends the rest of the afternoon preparing for the night's hunt. He has come prepared with a fresh deer corpse, two blinding spotlights, and a steel snare.  He lays his trap and waits. 

Day gives way into the night. No clouds in the sky and the moon can be seen through the leafless trees. Its reflection provides just enough light to illuminate his post. Henderson rubs his eyes, this isn't his first stakeout, won't be his last. He reminisces about the hunt in the German woods. It reminded him of this. Quiet, peaceful, nothing to do but wait. He loved the thrill of the hunt, but he always enjoyed the calm before the storm. 

His thoughts were interrupted by a shuffle in the leaves.

"This is it." he thought. 

He focused his eyes on the deer corpse. 

"Come on...." 

He heard the leaves shuffle again.  This time from a different location. His neck jerked to react. Then a quick movement in the foliage. He scanned the area; nothing. Then again, the leaves moved, from two directions at once. The spotlights turned on. One of them was aimed directly in his face instead of the trap. Henderson, in a panic, reaches for his holster. He fumbles to retrieve his pistol but find success and aims blindly into the light. 

"Who's there?" he screams. "No one is to be out past dusk! You have spoiled the hunt!" 

Henderson spins, aiming wildly in all directions. 

"I'm warning you! I'll shoot! Show yourself!

The leaves begin to rustle. Faster and louder. Henderson frantically jerks in all directions at once. He has no idea from which direction he is being pursued. The rustling of leaves becomes clear steps. Not just steps but running! He is blindsided. In an instant, he is knocked off his feet. His pistol tossed into the leaves, and his bones being crushed by an enormous weight. He can feel course hair scraping his face. The odor of wet dog and pine needles filled his nose. That is the last thing he remembered before blacking out. 

When he opened his eyes the world was upside down. His arms dangled barley touching the dirt below.  He was hanging from his own snare. Before him stood three hulking beings. Much larger than a man, even larger than the wolf. They stared at him with pity in their eyes. There was an intelligence to them that he had not seen before, not even in the dragon... The beasts communicate something with each other. Somehow, Henderson new they had come to an agreement. One of them, the smallest, knelt down next to him. He lifted Henderson's head up and cradled it in his massive palms. The beast looks at him with a fondness that a mother looks on her babe. He felt the giant fingers around his skull. They tightened. Henderson's eyes made contact with the beast, they were filled with rage and fear. There was a jerk - snap - then nothing. 

The beasts cut him down, gather the corpse, and disappear into the night.  
 








