Unfallen

Dave walked up his steps and unlocked the front door, work had been exhausting, the boss wanted a thousand things done by yesterday and as usual they were understaffed. His mind was racing and tired, he couldn’t even see the figure slowly creeping up to him from behind.

A shady looking guy in a beanie watched Dave from the cover of a tree, he had seen this run down sap a mile away and he looked like he had a nice fat wallet and a lavish enough lifestyle that he was a good target. He was also preoccupied with something, the thief had done some precursor checks to make sure he was in a daze enough that it would be a simple smash and grab job.

Dave turned the key, the thief stepped forward.
The door creaked open, the thief stepped forward.
Dave pulled back his key and pushed the door, the thief bridged the gap in big strides pulling his knife out.
Dave reached for the light, the thief reached for the sweet spot.
Dave clutched down at a blade protruding from his chest, the thief pulled his blade back.
Dave dropped, the thief cleaned his knife.
Darkness, then a tunnel of light.

Dave was suddenly standing on what seemed to be cotton, A giant gate at least as tall as the highest building Dave had ever seen was standing  firm in front of him. 

Dave could see a solitary angel standing with a clip board in front of the gate, he feared he had not done enough good in his life to be granted access to beyond the gate.

He sighed, slowly walking toward the gates head bowed. Dave was not a very religious man, but he believed in the great man that was Jesus Christ, he had prayed and been christened and done all that, but time constraints and sheer boredom had stopped him from attending church unless it was for special occasions.

He felt like he should have tried harder, he couldn’t remember the last funeral he had to attend in a church.

Dave swallowed hard.

The angel watched him the whole time he walked over, he held out a hand to Dave. 

Dave took his hand and the angel pulled him in for a hug. He didn’t know what was going on, was this st peter? Does he greet everyone like this regardless of if they burn in the pits of hell or go through to heaven?

Dave relaxed as Peter pulled away and held him at arms length.

“Welcome home brother!” peter grinned from ear to ear “We are always happy to see a fallen brother come back to their rightful place among us”

Peter then turned and the gate opened, Dave pinched himself, he must be unconscious somewhere in a hospital after that guy stabbed him. He couldn’t feel the pain, he must be right.

Peter looked at Dave, he had seen his fallen angels pinch themselves when they came up, he really needed to ask what that was all about.

“Your not dreaming” Peter said smiling still “Come in, Our Lord will explain it all to you once inside”

Peter then quickly checked Daves name off on his clipboard and checked down the list “I am going to be a bit busy checking angels in” he gestured with his hand past the gates “but go ahead!”

Dave stepped toward the gates, they loomed above him and made him feel so insignificant.

He couldn’t make out anything much for miles, just open cloud land.
He walked forward. How much will I have to walk to get anywhere?
Peter piped up “Oh and Angel, mind the ga…”

Dave fell mid sentence, he could feel the wind going past his face, the air was so beautiful and clear and delicious. But he was still falling, he was falling through clouds, maybe it was all a trick? Maybe he was going to hell.

The thought of being greeted so warmly and how nice it was up here, then knowing he was going to a pit of hell.
Dave curled into a ball, his wings flapping against his skin.
Wait… these were new… but familiar.
Dave unfurled his giant feathered wings.
He flew downward picking up speed then when he broke the cloud cover he pulled up.

Dave couldn’t explain it, but it was like the old adage of riding a bike, he felt like he had done this all before, but had no idea why, surely he would remember having wings right?

He looked down, the kingdom of heaven sprawled out below him, millions of angels were in the sky all around him, playing games, racing each other, all absolutely gorgeous in every way possible, the sun beat down on the whole landscape and Dave was gobsmacked.

Angels flew up to greet him, all shacking his hand and hugging them, they were all tanned and chiselled to perfection. One angel grabbed his hand and introduced him to some more friends, they were all so nice. The same group then took him down.

The most beautiful angel of them all hovered mid air, rearing back with his arm and a pigskin in his hand, lining up a throw. 

Dave suddenly remembered everything.