It took about a year for me to realize that the black silouette was not in fact a smudge on the musty concrete. When it spoke to me I thought that it was another trick from my captors, yet another way to break me. I hated it at first, knowing that no matter what some sick **** was watching me. As I grew weaker and frailer, all I could do was stare at the smudge until one day it spoke to me.

"Relax your body, it makes the beatings easier."

Now, I know it was the creepy smudge entity because my owners would never say something so helpful. Plus, the other two didn't acknowledge hearing it at all. After they left I dragged myself to the gauze and hydrogen peroxide and got to work patching myself. 

"Why do you clean and disinfect your wounds?" 
" Those assholes don't seem the type to take care of me themselves, yet last time my wound got infected they moved to electrocuting me until it was healthy."
" So they want you long term."
" Yeah, I guess so"
****
After that, the smudge started talking more. I had no idea smudges had so much to do and talk about, but he certainly had a busy day. I think part of why he started talking to me was because he knew I wasn't going anywhere. The fact that I was constantly on the verge of death also helped, since most almost dead people only meet him once. 

It was a year later, the night after he told me that he was Thanatos, that I came up with the greatest joke line. That day, they did their 2 for 1 spark n and smack but somehow, the puns I had made it hurt a little less. Granted, I still blacked out, but for once in the years I was in captivity, I had something to look forward to. After the usual greetings, he now asked for permission to be in my cell, I moved the bandages from the table and motioned for him to sit. He never sat but I liked to offer it.

"So, Mr Thanatos, I see you've been getting friendlier and friendlier. You sure are REAPING the rewards of a friend who can't avoid you."

" Please stop"

" I've been waiting all day to talk to you! Are you always this GRIM?"

" I will pay you to stop talking"

" Hades jokes are great! People are dying to hear them!"

" Fuck destiny, I'm getting you out. You've been here too long, you're losing it"

" Wha- what?"
****
Smelling the fresh air, feeling the sun on my skin, I realized I forgot what it felt like to be free. We were in the middle of nowhere, and Smudge Thanatos was now a huge ass Raven, but it was the happiest day of my life. I don't know if I photosynthesized but suddenly I had so much energy, I started running around, giddily cheering about everything and anything. Words and fragmented stories started pouring out but when I pointed out that this day was the anniversary of my mother's death something changed. I was in the middle of talking about her when he rudely interrupted me.
"No, today isn't your mother's death anniversary"
"What do you mean? Of course it is, it was the saddest day of my life"
" No, today is not that day"
" The fuck? I know that it is it was 730 days ago today, 7 December 2018"
" Junior, today is 16 June 2016"

I stared at the black figure, confused because everything was starting to feel wrong and uncertain.
"Junior, how long have you been here?"
"2 years 3 months 4 days" I snapped.
"Junior, you were only there for 6 months 15 days"
"Mother fu----" 



 


