The baby wasn’t very big for its age, kind of on the small side really, but it had fat, pink cheeks. It was swaddled up, nice and warm, in a blanket that was decorated with stars and moons. On the small table by the crib, a small orb was projecting flowers of light onto the walls and ceiling. The baby slept on silently for now, oblivious to the world.

Loki stared down at the child, his head craning upward as he sat on the ceiling over the crib, observing his new charge. His long red hair wavered just inches from the babe’s face.

It had been a long time since he had had any interactions with children. He actually missed it. There had been a time where he couldn’t walk a few yards without running into one of his kids. He had had so many, he had lost count over the years. There had been dozens upon dozens of them, most with his wicked eyes or mischievous smile or his fiery hair.

But that was a long time ago. Most of his children were dead now or were sentenced to death when the time came. They were no longer babies, clinging to his legs (or skirts, if that was the form he chose around them).

When he had heard his name, spoken in a pledge, claiming his protection for a child, he hadn’t known quite what to do. Over the last few decades, he had started to hear his name in prayers more often, had felt the love and loyalty toward him return even if it was, more often than not, toward the kinder aspects of his being. Being asked to be the Godfather to a child was new. He wasn’t even entirely sure what a Godfather was, but he had come to investigate anyway.

His name had been spoken in jest, he had found, but he didn’t mind. He never minded being the butt of a joke as long as it was a good one. The parents who had invoked his name seemed to be amused and the serious religious man in front of them seemed disapproving of them, both of which just made Loki all that more approving of whatever had just happened.

Below him, the child opened brown eyes and stared up at him.

It gurgled.

Loki smiled down at it. He glanced at the strange box by the crib and the light blinked off. He wanted to meet his charge in private.

“Hello,” he said softly, smiling a smile with too many teeth, the scars on his face stretching. He floated downward, twisting in the air so that he landed with his feet on the floor. He leaned down over the crib,  folding his hands along the rail and rested his head on the backs of his hands.

The babe gurgled again, rocking around in its swaddling.

Loki reached down and booped the baby’s button nose with his finger. The baby grinned happily.

“It’s been a long while since I had to take care of a child,” Loki informed the baby, tilting his head as he stared down at it. “My youngest children... well, I failed them rather spectacularly. I failed most of my children, actually, the immortal ones anyway. Sometimes I think our long lives are more of a curse than a blessing.”

The baby blew a spit bubble.

“I think my mortal children were happy though,” Loki continued, smiling down. “I’m not entirely sure what growing up in this world is like, but it looks safe... maybe not as much fun, not the kind of fun I knew at least, but I’m sure there’s some adventures to be had for you.”

The bubble popped and the baby started to blow another.

“I’m not the kindest of gods,” Loki said, walking his fingers over the baby’s chest, moving each fingertip to a different star. “I do what needs to be done, even when its horrible, even when its for the best. People don’t appreciate that. I will destroy your world and raze all you love to the ground and leave you in the ashes because that is what is best. You will have no illusions with me, no comforting white lies to wrap around yourself, no barrier between you and the truth of existence... and you will be better for it.”

The baby had finally worked one of its tiny limbs free and it waved a hand up at Loki’s hair, grabbing onto a lock and tugging on it, hard.

“Ow,” Loki winced though he didn’t try to pull the child’s hand away. “How utterly disrespectful,” he said with a straight face that lasted all for a moment before a wide grin replaced it. The baby giggled. “Hopefully you’ll keep that when you’re older. Respect is all well and good until the person doesn’t deserve a speck of it. Never be afraid to point that out and laugh at them for it. As horrible as the world is, try and find the humor in it all, yes?”

The baby gurgled and wiggled happily, Loki’s hair still clenched in its hand.

“You know, when I was younger, I tied my -”

The door to the tiny room creaked open and a slender hand reached in to turn on the light. 

Evelyn blinked sleepily into the room, a worried frown on her face. The nursery was empty except for the sea of stuffed animals in one corner by the rocking chair and the crib across the way where Myra slept. She could see her child squirming around, clearly awake.

“Sweetie?” Evelyn said softly, walking across to the crib, her eyes darting to the bedside table to find the baby monitor was off. She looked down into the crib and smiled warmly at her daughter. “You alright, sweetie?” she asked, not expecting an answer.

It took her only a few moments to check the baby’s diaper and that everything was in order. The only odd thing was a few red strands clutched in Myra’s hand that almost looked like hair but was probably just thread from one of the toys. She gathered the red thread up and threw it in the bin. She checked the monitor but found the device was only turned off.

“Mommy must be tired,” Evelyn said to Myra as she flipped the switch back on. “I didn’t even turn this on before laying you down. I could have sworn I did.” She shook her head as she turned back to the crib. “Sleep tight, baby,” she leaned down to kiss Myra’s cheek then nose then her other cheek. “I’ll be back to feed you later, okay?”

With that, she turned walked back out of the room, turning the light off but leaving the door cracked.

The monitor switched back off.

“As I was saying,” Loki said, floating down to sit at the end of Myra’s crib. “I tied my balls to a goat – for a reason, of course, but the point still stands. You see, there was this giantess...”
