Lawry licked his lips, his eyes flicked from one piece to another. Calculating, analyzing. He could do this, he could win, he just had to find the moves.  

“You’re stalling, Lawry,” death said in a rasping voice.  The cloaked figure gripped the sides of the board and slowly leaned forward.  “I can smell the stench of your fear, Lawry.  It’s intoxicating,” It took a long grating sniff and Lawry’s heart skipped a beat, he could feel his soul begin to crack at the seams.  His blood pumped furiously through his veins, he could hear his heartbeat in his ears, this was it wasn’t it?  He had 25 years alive and would now have an eternity of death. 
 
Stop.  He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, he filled his lungs with his worries, his fears, his thoughts of family and friends, and exhaled them slowly out.  He focused again on the metallic black chess board in front of him.  His mind’s eye saw the moves that could be made, then the moves ahead of those, and those.  It clicked. He saw the win, and a wave of hope rushed into him.  

The grotesque figure opposite him tilted its head. A black slimy tongue flicked out of its rotting mouth.  “I can taste….hope,”  The creature whispered.  Lawry clenched his jaw and made his moves, he slid the heavy pieces across the board with purpose.  

Three moves were left when death spoke, “No...” It stood up, hovered over the board, stared down at it.  “No, this can’t be right.”  Its rotted hands squeezed the sides of the board, black puss was pushed out of its fingers. Death’s head snapped up to Lawry, “You can’t win!  It’s impossible!”  It lunged, but It’s hand came to a halting stop inches away from Lawry’s chest.

Lawry was unable to move, unable to speak or even scream.  Light flooded his clothes and a booming voice echoed throughout the dark chamber, “Congratulations, Lawrence. You have won your life back.  Only one other man has won, prepare yourself.”  

Death shrieked with fury as Lawry disappeared from his chamber.

A gasped breath, Lawry sat up and was overwhelmed by a chorus of shouts and screams.  His waist and legs were in a casket, friends and family stared at him, his mother was there, she fainted.  Realization hit Lawry like a punch in the stomach, “Holy shit.”

Edit: Critical feedback would be really appreciated. =)