A small roof upon stilts rests within the plains along the Sanshou river in the province of Sekai. Sekai was a modest land with earnest, hard working people. They were poor, but happy in their little nook at the edge of the empire. For centuries this land was worked by the same families, but the land was becoming more acrid. The river, which flowed from the northern capital was polluted and grew increasingly acidic with a murky redish tinge from the iron mines. 
 
The land was dying. 
 
Over ten years, the unyielding land fostered fewer and fewer harvests. The denizens were forced to leave their ancestral homes, or starve. From lush green pastures and thickets ripe with life, the now dry and cracked soil left a feeling of despair in those who were left.  Soon there was only one family remaining. 
 
Yuno Hara was old, he had not married, and with no wife to have bore children, he was alone. In his tenure, he had expirienced love, loss, and happiness. He sat upon a hard clay slab beneath the overbearing sun staring at pot. In it was a seed. His home was in disrepair, the porch at risk of collapse. 

Staring at the pot he remembered how his mother used to sit on the porch and talk about the land. How the gods of her parents had blessed them -- gods he had long since forgotten. Her face no longer resided in his mind, and he could no longer hear her voice. Yuno had not even a picture of her to remember her by, only a tattered yukata upon a dried and warped alter. 
 
He looked down at his tired and calloused hands and remembered his father's hands driving the wooden pillars of that porch into place, carving notches into it the wood that kept them strong, and the sense of satisfaction he and his father shared at it's completion. A smile ran across Yuno's wrinkled skin as he felt comforted by these memories long since passed. He gazed up at the dust covered wooden mallet hanging from a crooked nail above the doorway into his home. The sliding door had long since fallen off its railing. It's paper, patched over and over again had torn in the night. 
 
He took a deep breath and from the clay slab he braced his hands against his tattered pants,  upon his knees and with a grunt, eased himself onto his feet. Yuno walked up to the porch and picked up the mallet from it's purch. It was time to do something. 
 
Yuno worked diligently throughout the night and slowly tore down that porch, saving what wood he could and neatly piling it aside of the clay slab. Over the next week he would reshape the wood, building a roof over the slab. From his home he removed the tiles from his roof and placed them delicately upon the other. 
 
A simple roof upon stilts rests upon an alter carved from clay now. His home, reduced to a single room some yards away, suited the man just fine. Upon the alter he placed the small pot, burrying the seed into it, he poured a ladel of water over it, and lit a candle, praying to the nameless god. He prayed not for salvation for himself,  the land, or destitution, but for companionship. 
 
Yuno walked over to his small home and laid his head upon the straw filled sack and there he slept. 
 
*Drip... Drip... Drip...* 
 
He awoke. Looking out from his hovel he could see a fine mist of rain blowing through the air. He turned to his mother's alter, placing his hand upon it's weathered and warped surface he closed his eyes and smiled. 
 
*"Good morning mother... Father..."*

He sat up, turning toward a small fire pit whose embers still smoldered. He pushed up upon the ground and with a sigh he stood, walking out to the alter upon the muddy dirt path, he sat before the alter, and from the bucket drew another ladel of water. Slowly he poured it into the pot, whispering thanks to the nameless god. Turning from the clay alter, he picked up a few pieces of wood and brought them back to his home where he built the fire for his meager meal of rice and dried meat. 
 
Days passed and he followed this routine, every day, he would thank the nameless god. Until one day, he saw a single leaf bud from inside the pot. He would nurture this sprout every day until it had grown to fill the pot. It was grass. He chuckled at the thought, and every day he would gradually plant blades of grass into the ground around his home. 
 
They grew to take root, and every day he would plant more. Weeks upon weeks, months upon months went by. From this alter spread life. Grass covered the ground, for an acre in every direction.  With it, came animals.
 
One morning he awoke to see a bunny sitting upon the clay alter aside from the pot. Before he could approach it the bunny scurried off into the grass. Yuno smiled, and from the pot he would cut some blades of grass, placing them at the base of the alter, with them, a small bowl of water.

Every night he would pray to the nameless god, every morning the water and grass would be gone. In it's place was another seed. The old man looked around him and he could see waves of grass in all directions. Yuno smiled, and from the pot he removed the grass,  and in it's place, he planted the new seed. Nursing it every day as he had done with the grass, it too, grew.  
 
He nurtured the plant until a strong sapling would grow in it. Every day he would cut grass from the land, and place it upon the ground. He too, planted the sapling upon the hill which crested above his home. Every day he would draw water from the bucket, and every day it would grow. Every month, a new seed would appear in the bowl.
 
Until one morning Yuno awoke to birds chirping. Opening his eyes he gazed upon the nameless god's alter. Now a sparrow sat upon the alter. He smiled and he approached the alter again, and it too, flew away, leaving behind a new seed. 
 
He smiled and removed the sapling, replacing it with the new seed. He went to the hill above his home and planted the sappling in the grove with the others. He looked around at all these trees, and from the first he saw an apple. He plucked it from the tree and from it, removed the seeds, placing the seeds upon the alter, the apple at it's base. He gave these as offerings to his nameless god.
 
It had now been years since Yuno found himself alone in the Sanshou valley. From the hill above his home, sprang forth a spring,  trickling down past his hovel,  and flowing into the river. Every day he brought these meager offerings to the alter, every day he was gifted visits from the creatures, seeds to fill his pot, and new life to bring to the valley.  
 
Year after year, life sprang forth into the valley, and with it, myself.  A small roof upon stilts rests in the valley along the Sanshou River. An empty hut sits unused, an empty fireplace and hollow sack sit aside of a warped and weathered alter, it's frayed edges showing the tales of time. In it, I found the remains of an old man, who died in his sleep some years ago. There are no pictures upon his walls, nothing but a tattered yukata and worn mallet upon the alter inside. 
 
I burried the old man within the grove at the top of the hill beneath the shade of a great apple tree. Birds chirp as the gentle sound of trickling water flows from the earth. A small worn path leads from the grove to the hovel, and from it, to the alter. An empty ladel in an empty bucket rest upon a carved clay alter, a wax puddle upon a small wooden lat sits aside a pot overgrown with grass.  Upon the pillar holding up the roof are inscribed three names, two are worn and faded beyond reading. The last is inscribed...
 
Yuno Hara. 