Julie. Her name was Julie. I met her at the park I always jogged in one day. I stopped to take a rest at a bench one morning at the same time she did.  She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She was new to the city and after a few times meeting in the park, I worked up the courage to ask if she would like to come to a concert with a few of my friends. She said yes, and from that day on I knew I had met the love of my life. Two years later, some drunk driver thought that they where o.k. to drive and struck her on her way home from her job at the hospital. Two years after we met. The day I was going to propose. Now, a year has gone by and the pain still throbs. I never knew I could hurt so much. Today was the day. I stopped by the local pharmacy and picked up a bottle of Tylenol and headed to the liquor store for a pint of vodka. Julie told me how she would get people in the hospital that would kill themselves by destroying their liver that way. I head home to shave and write the note. I could not risk keeping the note on me at work, lest it fall out and someone try to stop me. The shave was to avoid any unwanted attention from any of the park cops who might question a bearded man sitting on a park bench just before dusk. I get in my car, and head over to the park. I think about the first time Julie and I kissed, how the electricity from her lips made me feel like a new man. The way she would laugh at my dumb jokes about other people at work. How she made every day in a big city feel small and intimate. As I drift off into thought, a squirrel wanders into the road and I swerve to avoid it. It shakes me out of my trance and see it scamper back towards the park. It was then I realized that I had reached my destination. I head over to that same bench where we first met, three years ago today. I sit and watch the late night joggers go by. No one seems to notice me. The joggers get less frequent, so now I felt it was time. I open the vodka and take a few swigs to build my courage. Look over my note one more time. "Off to be with Julia, the only love of my life.". My hands shake when I remove the bottle of pills from my pocket and rolls out in front of me. I bend over to grab it, when this squirrel comes from out of nowhere and grabs the bottle and runs off! I chase this thing like an idiot to the point where any of the vodka I had in me was coming out of my pores in sweat. We finally stop at the lake, and that damn squirrel looked me straight in the eye, opened the bottle with a few cracks of a rock, and dumped the pills right into the water. I was beside myself. I dropped to my knees and began to sob. The squirrel had walked over to me, and rubbed it's head on my hand. I decided that this little squirrel knew that what I was doing was not the answer, and headed home. The next morning, I go for a jog to clear my head. I slip on an acorn and fall flat on my face. Soon, I here a voice asking if I am okay. It was a woman, new in town. Her name is Tina.