Jack rated the risk factor of the Origin platform technology as somewhere between crocodile wrestling, gliding in a flying squirrel suit, and changing the fuel in a nuclear reactor. That is to say, time travel with Origin was close to suicidal if you hadn’t been properly trained, and even if you’d had years of practice, things could still go horribly, horribly, wrong. And, like it or not, just like crocodile wrestling and space travel, there were more than enough people out there who would pay to get in on the excitement. And there were enough Origin platforms out there that someone would be willing to take a little extra to disengage some of the safeguards to make things even more exciting.

Tonight’s job was different, though. Lisette was one of the early innovators on the Origin system, who’d combined her engineering background with her love of history to develop the calibration system that reduced a variance of ten years at a century back to one week. Things did get fuzzier the further back you went, and at this point if you were trying for before 1200, you almost might as well be throwing at a dart board. Tonight, Lisette wanted to throw at the dart board.

She came out of the prep room wearing the full body suit, metallic lines matching the meridians where the once theoretical energy body engaged most strongly with the physical body that gave humans the meat and senses of their experience. What, exactly, the energy body was still sparked lively debate, whether it were a soul or something less profound. But Origin and several other technologies had developed from the discovery of new ways to interact with what had once been considered only a metaphor from pre-modern times. Jack checked over Lisette’s gear, making sure the alignment was good, before he gave her the thumbs up. 

Lisette climbed down the ladder into the bowl of the platform, a gold-like alloy that was achingly cold to the touch, even through the suit. It was the rediscovery of the metal, christened Aurichalcum after Plato’s allusion, that had enabled much of the technology that had developed around the energy body. It had enabled new forms of healing, Origin, and of course, a variety of weapons that damaged more than just the physical form. The fifteen foot radius of bowl portion of the Origin meant that a platform took up a lot of real-estate on its own, before adding the mechanisms and controls to make it useful. And a lot of the precious metal.

Jack climbed his own ladder up into the insulated control structure, and put on the harness before he started this phase of the pre-flight checklist. Room clear of all humans excluding time-walker and pilot? Check. Outer doors sealed? Check. Pilot harness secured? Check.

Lisette gave him the double finger wave, “Hurry”, but he gestured back by dragging his thumb down from his chin, “Patient.” He checked off ten more items before finally uncovering and then flipping the switch to start the projector. The entire large room, from the control cabin to the bottom of the bowl became slightly blurred, like it were vibrating under the power of a jet engine. Sign language was no longer optional, in fact it was the only way for the walker and the pilot to communicate, and even that was mostly one way, since the walker could no longer see their pilot once they had started the journey.

Jack toggled the log on, and began his narration. “Phase seven of the pre-flight has been completed, and the projector appears to be in the green. This is pilot Jack Portland, and my walker is Lisette Rawiya. This is private excursion number… 2X53B, and we have set a target year of 800 CE. In order to have adequate luminous fidelity at that distance, we are running the projector at 300% of usual maximum output, pilot and walker waivers are on file.”

“My walker has given me the go ahead, and I am engaging the projector.”

***

Lisette felt the tug as the projector started to push against her luminous body, and the familiar pain as it crossed the threshold into the Origin strata. Her hands gave the go ahead for her pilot to continue, and she only knew he did by the fact that the world completed the process of blurring into an edgeless mass, stretched over a golden screen. “Blue. Gold. Fuzzed. All as planned. Proceed.” One of the things she liked about working with Jack is that he didn’t pretty her language up when he interpreted it back into English. It helped her keep the connections between what she saw and what she said tight.

“Resolving. Too soon? Frack, don’t want to start over. Go ahead and let me land.”

“Room. Mostly dark. Two… Three people here. Bedroom? Someone lying down. Tied down? WTF?”

***

The exorcist jumped back as what he could only imagine was a demon coalesced in the air above the pre-teen girl on the bed. Its body was like static under rippling water, and a thrumming murmuring as if a thousand hellish voices came through the air where it hung. He held up his holy symbol before him, and steeled himself to continue reciting the latin before him. Barely, he heard the door slam as his assistant ran.

The thing’s hands were in nearly constant motion, gesticulating and making the ripples and static spark further from the body, then close in again. 

***

“Priest. Cross in his hands. Looks freaked. Out. Must be able to see me. Must have landed too close? Too soon? Too much power? He can definitely see me. He looks like he might be trying to touch me?”

***

Father Mannheim invoked the name of his patron and stepped forward, swinging the golden staff into the body of the possessing demon, trying to drive it back from whence it came. A shriek sounded as the staff touched it, and it crumbled in on itself, the swirling pool sucking the static down to a single point in the air before winking out, like the image on an antique television shutting down.

*** 

“Mission aborted. Walker reports interaction with environment.”

Jack slapped the buckle releases, and slid down the first ladder to the platform, and then the second to the bowl, as he saw Lisette rising back up to her feet.

“OMFG Jack,” she said with her hands. “When was I?”

He put a hand out to her shoulder, steadying himself as much as her. “1949.”
