I came from bad places. Every day was spent at the doorway to hell and a tiny breeze felt like heaven. I believed this to be reality, that life was about learning to deal with the darkness, and only the darkness existed. Until the sun rose, and I was crippled by the light. I tried to abandon the hell but there was no where to go and I was instead left with the horror of total emptiness. 

I considered hating the light. It was the clarity that opened the door to hell and shoved me through it. Yet that light felt like the first glass of water I had ever had and I wanted more. I didn't want to close the door because I wanted what the door promised in the first place. I couldn't let go of the feeling that the door might lead to other places, better places. 

To prove this to myself I started opening any doors I could find. One door led to a group of people. They intimidated me. They had their own light and that suggested many other doors to consider. I was afraid they might also lead to hell but I was determined to find the promise and dove in anyways. 

Those doors opened to amazing places. Ones filled with love, understanding, possibility. I felt I had found what that first light promised and I dove right in. My life became normal, or what I thought normal might mean. I had a family and we loved each other completely. We built each other up until we were mountains of greatness and rained love on everything we touched. The emptiness was filled. 

These places were a playground to find myself in. I found so many parts, and I learned how to love those parts. Every one of these discoveries increased my love for these people I had joined. Their love seemed to increase for me as well. I had found myself and I had found a family. 

Years later some of these people that made up my new world succeeded in their business ventures. I was so proud of them, and more so since they opened a greenhouse and this love of plants was a thing we all shared. 

I was still obsessed with the light, with the promise. I wanted MORE. I had learned that the more I give, the more light I got back. So what else to do other than throw a celebration for those that brought light to me? And a celebration needs a cake, doesn't it? And I knew by then that a thing I could do was make great food. 

I turned on the tunes, a radio station we all loved. Music has this amazing way of setting the atmosphere, you know? 

When the cake was cooked I got to decorating. I put a lot of care in to it, especially since I was up against the incredible artistic talent of these wonderful doors. It clearly needed to be plant themed but I knew it wouldn't be enough to simply draw a tree. I had to get clever with it. I decided to go with an abstract thing as a way to recognize what they started and pay honor to our collective love of the potential of the universe. For some reason I decided to go with a forest [made out of sumerian symbols](https://imgur.com/a/SWhdK). 

As I finished one of my favorite songs came on. [It felt really fitting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IddDWBpkzYg).The incredibly domestic action of making a cake for those you love was the death of the door to hell while the song felt like all our interests rolled together. Acceptance, considering bigger things, moving on to other things, honoring the past. I was so inspired that I added the universe unicorn we all tended to include in bits of art, we all love laughs after all.

Partway through the song I thought I saw the shadow of a raven pass over my kitchen. I thought I was probably imagining things. How would a raven be in my home? 

As I finished the unicorn the song ended and this really boring track came on. I looked up from the cake and was ready to change the station. I was surprised to see a man standing across the counter from me. I was ready to run and call for help, but then the man spoke. 

"You have been through the fires of hell, and you have chosen light. You have focused that light on understanding the universe and the living things within it. And yet you still feel that emptiness, you still seek to find the right door. I will open that door for you, all that is required from you is confirming that opening this door means more to you than all you have now, and all you have ever had." 

The truth of his words hit me like an avalanche. There was nothing honest I could say other than "that door is everything." 

So he opened the door. I felt myself changing. When the agony was over I looked down and saw I had the body of an owl, but elongated and distorted. I felt myself falling but was caught by my plant and lowered to my favorite stone. I felt empty, and blinked in confusion for what felt like an eternity. 

And then I felt more full than I ever have. My purpose became clear and everything else faded away. I saw the man smile, and then he melted away. It was just me. And a cake and a plant. I smiled and squeezed the plant's life in to the cake. 

And later, when this cake stopped the heart of everyone I held dear, I smiled again. How sweet it is to be able to smile. The door was open, and I was all I was meant to be. When I embraced this my father came to me again. Of all the great gifts he gave me, one was his name. Stolas is my savior, the one who helped me be who I was always meant to be and the only one to recognize my greatness and show me hell is the brightest door of all.  



