I begrudgingly awake to the din of L rumbling past. As the reverberations fade, I take in tumbledown landscape of my apartment, with a wry appreciation. *Today's the day*, i muse. In a brief moment before donning my heavy-lensed glasses, the shafts of light peeking through the ratty curtains almost make the place look serene.

My body protests as I climb out of the bed, complaining with various aches and popping sounds as I shuffle my way to the bathroom. "Today's the day.", I say aloud as I flip the light switch on.

Under the flicker and hum of the flourescent light, I'm greeted by my- *well, his* - tired face. I crane the neck to inspect each flaw up close, from the pitted acne scars, to the sparse graying beard. Equally blessed Flushed skin, crows-feet, perpetual bags under the eyes and male-pattern baldness. I force a knowing smile, and open the medicine cabinet behind the mirror.

The battery of medications waiting there: anti-psychotics, anti-depressants, anti-anxiety... all prescribed to one Harold Nowak. I dispense them out, blue for depression, green of psychosis, white for anxiety, orange for pain. I ponder the pills for a moment, *they couldn't have been more wrong* I thought as I dumped the pills down the drain, but stopped short and saved the orange pill. Lower back pain can be a bitch.

The pills would help the voices go away, they said. The pills will make you feel less sad, less worried, less anxious, less like the way you do now. Almost all of it was wrong. The one thing they got right, is that I no longer feel the way I used to. The voices were never going away, because they were *real*. They were his. Harry's.

Once the initial surprise of the discovery faded, I felt an emotion I had not felt in ages, *hope*. I had spent years of this life, trapped by the insignificance of Harry's existence. A constant and tedious stream of monotonous mediocrity. After a washing of this sad tired face, I look back into mirror and force a grin. There's a hint of terror behind the eyes. *Yes, we both know now*, I think to Harry as I finish the morning ritual. *But it will be over soon*, I reassuringly add.

After donning Harry's only suit, I once again examine him in the mirror. There it was again, the flicker of fear in the eyes. "Everything is going to be ok, Harry.", I say as soothingly as I can manage. Turning from the mirror, I walk to the front door, the derelict floorboards creaking their protests under Harry's shifting weight. I pick up the keys from the table and the plane ticket lying beneath them. Opening the door I inspect the ticket's destination: *Los Angeles*, and I can't help but smile. Although I'd never been there, and always wanted to go, the journey was no longer about where I was going. As I shut the door to the ramshackle apartment I had once called home the only thought I had was:

*Who will I be tomorrow?*