"Nobody has called me that name in centuries," she said. Theo's words were so sharp and keen it would have been unsafe to run with them.

The line grew longer. The rest of the store's checkout counters beeped, like heart monitors at a hospital. Customers behind us muttered curses and complaints. One—her name was Katelyn—asked why the color had bled from the cashier's face. Another—Miles—said she was a junkie. *Look at her shake,* Miles hissed. *It's dope. Just look.*

I decided Katelyn and Miles were nobodies. My eyes hardened. "Let's go, Theodora."

Theo nodded. She threw her apron on the scanner. As we went, the manager—Tom—asked where the hell she was going.

"Fuck off," she told Tom.

When we got outside, Theo gave me a cigarette. I pulled my jacket tighter and she thrust her hands into her pockets, as if digging for treasure. She lit her cigarette. I would have seen her breath without the tobacco smoke, but the smoke underlined the fact of the woman's eeriness: after fifteen centuries, her lungs should not work.

"Didn't think you were still around," she said, eyes on my feet. "Even if you were, I didn't think you'd find me. Not after all this time."

"That's how it goes, Theodora," I said. "We see your names. They tell us what you want. Then, you pay. You and Justinian should've known better than to run. We kept you Byzantines afloat. Real Romans always paid their debts, you know."

Theo's lips curled into a frown. She turned the lighter in her hands, and I stared at it. "You asked too much," she said. "You didn't give enough. The empire fell, witch."

"You two survived." I tilted my head, regarding her. "Immortality, Theodora. You two got a lot out of us, and you tried to cheat us. I'm here to collect."

Theo flicked her lighter on and off. The metal chirp drew my gaze to her shaking fingers. I focused on the spell I would use to bind her.

"Justin?" Theo said.

"I stopped at your house before I came here," I said. "It was quick."

Theo's eyes flickered. I bit my tongue, numb with the anticipation of her taste. When we found a name and desire worthy of our magic, we planted it within the owner. After it gestated, we harvested it. Runners like Justinian and Theodora were hard to find—the two had faked their deaths—but their taste was magnificent. Long hunts were always worth it.

Theo wiped moistness from her eyes and peered at me. "Let me finish my smoke, witch," she said. "One cigarette won't hurt."

I shrugged. *Fair.* She offered her lighter, and I reached for it.

Theo's fist hammered into the side of my head, bowling me over. I crumpled to the sidewalk. The attack drew a few surprised gasps from onlookers, but nobody helped. As I shook off the daze, the woman's feet were pattering along the parking lot toward her car.

I smirked. Theodora was always more clever than her husband. Would she taste better, too?

As I stood, Tom threw the store's door open. "If you two are gonna fight, take it somewhere else!" he said.

I took one look at him. *Tom Bismark. Wants to be a good man, a good husband, a good father.* No corruptibility.

A nobody. I scoffed. "Fuck off, Tom."

Tom's jaw fell agape. I sauntered into the parking lot after Theo, eager to reap a bitter harvest.

&#x200B;