”Good ‘ay! I’m Zeevbach Ermlgorp And today we’re exploring the fascinating and dangerous world of Earth! Come along with me as I traverse this exciting frontier.”

A flashy intro flashes across the screen of the collective info spheres as a four armed alien in khaki shorts and a padded vest wrestles with large hostile creatures or smiles at adorable monstrosities as up tempo music overlays it.

Produced by Christmon Zeedillymorp

“I’m on the streets of the most dangerous terrain on the planet so we can study the majestic “heoomans” who inhabit this world.”

Zeev makes no attempt to hide who or what he is as he moves through the busy Detroit neighborhood. People mostly ignore him as he openly gawks at them and the few who don’t either roll their eyes or blow cigarette smoke at him as they go about their day step away from him with mistrust.

“So gorgeous. On any planet in the universe the reproductive organs and metal teeth coverings sported by your average human go for anywhere from 5000 to 500,000 yarbdolls. That’s why it’s so important to conserve these majestic creatures from poachers so future generations can enjoy them.”

He bumps a man in a wife beater and is promptly shoved to the ground. He is invited to partake in sexual Congress with his own mother as the male grabs his crotch in a display of dominants before strolling off.


Zeev only smiles and shakes his head, “Cheeky little blighters eh?”

Zeev catches sight of a group of youths on a street corner. As he approaches one of them trades a baggy of white powder for paper currency before stuffing it into his front hooded sweatshirt as the strange creature approaches. The youths look up in apprehension as they lower their hands to concealed weapons.

“Here we have a pack of young humans as they embark on the daily pursuit of currency, status, and females of the species.”

“What’s your problem G?”

“They will stand out in this public forum for hours, trading their illegal narcotics for what the humans call “money” so they can buy the things they require to survive.”

“Yo dawg, shut the fuck up! Some body gonna hear you. Get out of here before...” as one of them lays hands on him to rough him up he pushes the youth back playfully and smiles his goofy smile.

“Oh someone’s a naughty boy!” 

The two tussle for a moment, rolling on the ground as Zeev remains oblivious to the youngsters attempts to hurt him, before someone shouts at them and the youths take flight before their crimes are discovered. 

“It’s so fascinating to observe these creatures in their native habitat, a habitat that is quickly disappearing thanks in part to their ignorance of fuel conservation and replicant technology.”

Zeev dusts himself off and moves towards the nearby alley as a street walker entices him with a crooked finger.

There was so much wonder to explore in this human world 