The boy tested the blade, swinging it around a bit and feeling its grip. After a bit of that, he looked finally satisfied and said the words I so wanted to hear. 

“I’ll buy this sword. How much?”

I stated kindly, “50 gold pieces, son.” 
 “50 pieces?” he asked. He  began to look hesitant. “That seems expensive, and my money bag’s starting to get light. I can’t kill as much monsters since they’re all somehow getting armor and weapons.”

“I know, son. They’re getting bolder and more aggressive lately ever since they got armed. Now, it’s harder for the adventurers to keep them at bay. In truth, I’m worried about me and all my friends in this village are in danger. For all I know, it could be a new Dark Lord that’s giving them those stuff. Little people like us can’t do much by ourselves, so I want to give heroes like you a fighting chance against them. If I could, I would have given them cheaper, but I have to make a livelihood for me and my family.”

The boy’s eyes show clear pity and what a lot of adventurers had: a steely resolution. “I’ll buy it for 50 gold, sir.” 
He was naive, like most heroes, and fell for my sob story; I had been practicing it lately so I could sell it to witless adventurers like him. After he had left with his new sword, I put the closed sign on my shop and traveled to my bedroom. There was a little lever, behind my desk, which I flipped. The bookshelf next to the desk slid, to reveal a secret entrance leading to a staircase . Cliche, I know, but it was cheap. I looked at my little bedroom, with it smelling like lavenders, and a warm fireplace, crackling merrily. But, I turned the other way and walked down the staircase, dark and gloomy, until I arrived at my destination; my underground shop. There, Bob, my faithful servant was setting up everything. Bob used to  be some adventurer, but he discovered my little secret, so I was forced to make him into what he is now; a reanimated corpse, with barely a consciousness, held together by magic. “Good job, Bob.” He bowed awkwardly, before I could dismiss him however, I heard a voice. 

“Been a long time, old friend.” That voice came from Orok, a battle-scarred, seven-foot tall orc. “Ah, Orok, I assume you came to pick up your new pole axe .” He nodded. “Bob, go get it.” Bob ran in a hurry to retrieve it. I noticed his flesh was starting to fall off again; might have to fix that later. “Orok, there’s another adventurer that came today.” Orok cursed.“Again? Those damned pests keep coming.” “Don’t worry, this one had a broken sword. I made sure to give him a cheap blade, and I scammed him into paying for far more than it was worth.” I give him a smirk, “You, on the other hand, with all the equipment I sold you, should handily slice him into pieces.” Orok seemed to relax. “That is good. You’ve helped the monsters finally stand up to these “heroes”, though your genorosity and pity on us.” “Yes.” I said. As Orok left with his new pole axes, I could not help but let out a soft chuckle. The weapon I sold to the boy was genuine and his equipment should be more than enough to fight Orok. Both parties had assumed I was on their side, helping them battle the other side out of the “goodness” of my heart. I did no such thing; I sold it to both sides in order to ensure that I would get the most money out of both sides. I was no hero, just a businessman trying to earn some coin, in the end.


