"Treat people the way you'd like to be treated," mother's voice rang in my ears. It'd been six months since I lost her to cancer and ever since then I couldn't get my mind straight. Working had become an outlandish waste of my time. Instead, i became fixated on something sneaker and more rewarding. Robbing a business would give me an adrenaline rush so powerful that it may cleanse my head momentarily. 

I started with Mr. Wong's Chinese restaurant. I creeped around the corner of the plaza when Mr. Wong was leaving to lock up. Dressed in black, I sprinted the corner and frightened the small Asian man. 

"Give me the key and go home or I'll hurt you," I muttered. 

He did. I entered the restaurant with every intention of finding a safe filled with cash. After all, it was the busiest restaurant in town. However, I was met with a horrid stench that infiltrated my nostrils and every step I took was sticky and wet. If this was my restaurant, I'd want someone to clean it too. 

I located the storage closet in the back room and found a mop and broom. Surely an old man working alone can only accomplish so much in one day. I knew the police would be here soon so I acted fast. I mopped up soy sauce and soda, swept egg roll crumbs and even bleached the floor and counters. 

I had to pee. The bathroom was horrendous. I found some windex and a toilet scrubber and began putting in the work. Mother would be so proud of my diligence. The bathroom trash was full, as was the main trash and I swatted away some flies and brought it to the dumpster. 

Upon reentering the restaurant I sighed in relief. Finally, a clean place to rob. Now, the safe! The cash! 

I heard police sirens in the distance. Frantically I searched the registers which were clearly empty and  I had no time to locate the safe. I ran out of the store to my black Chevy and drove home. I felt a strange sense of satisfaction although I had no money. 

The next morning I woke up in a haze and turned on the news. My heart raced when I saw Mr. Wong was being interviewed. 

"To the strange man that scared me but proceeded to perfectly cleanse my restaurant, please show yourself so I can give you a coupon!" He exclaimed and the news reporter laughed. 

"I guess we have a Dirt Fairy on our hands, folks," and Mr. Wong's eyes drifted into the distance. 

I went straight to my computer and began printing out business cards and flyers for a new business adventure: "Dirt Fairy Inc." Maybe burglary just wasn't my calling. 

