Izzy kneeled on the floor, carefully drawing out a symbol on the carpet and occasionally glancing at an open book as thick as her arm. The diagram that she was using as a reference was faded, but she knew it well enough. She knew that her work had to be perfect, lest she wanted something terrible to happen to her. She checked over her work one final time, then stood up.

“Izzy? What are you doing down there?”

Izzy turned to the assembled group of nerds sitting at a table in her living room. Stacks of paper and various dice were placed on the table, alongside various snacks. Tonight was D&D night. She smiled.

“Oh, I’m just calling our DM,” she replied. With that, she picked up the book off the floor and started to mutter an incantation under her breath. She could hear someone muttering “what the fuck are you on about” under their breath.

Suddenly the room grew dark, and the circle that Izzy had drawn began to glow brightly. From nowhere, the wind began to howl, causing some of the loose papers to fly off the table. The carpet which the circle had drawn on seemed to disappear into an endless void of fire, as the smell of brimstone filled the room. Then one hand grabbed hold of the edge of the circle, followed by another, as an eight foot tall figure pulled itself from the depths. Its skin was crimson, its legs ended in cleft hooves, and a pair of horns protruded from its skull. As the circle faded and the pit disappeared, it spoke, in a voice deep and booming.

“For what purpose have you summoned me, mortal?”

Izzy looked around. The room was returning to normal. The few players that had seen Thorvas before were frozen in place. The ones that hadn’t were cowering. She stood up. “Do you really not know, Thorvas?” she asked. “Or is this just something you do when you enter a room?

The demon paused for a moment, then bowed his head. “My apologies, Isabelle. I do not always know who my summoner is.”

“Yeah, don’t worry about it. And please, call me Izzy.” She took her seat at the table. “By the way, for everyone who doesn’t know, this is Thorvas. He’s going to be our DM. He might look intimidating, but he’s a real softy once you get to know him.” She glanced around the room again. People were still cowering. That hadn’t helped. She sighed. “Anyway, we’re all ready for you, and pizza’s coming in about 15 minutes, so you’re gonna need to do that shape-shifting thing you do sometimes when he shows up-”

“There is one more that I am waiting for.”

Izzy tilted her head. “Wait, what do you mean, ‘one more’?” she asked.

As if to answer, the room grew dark, and the circle lit up again as the wind started to howl. A plume of fire shot from the centre of the circle, coalescing in a ball floating above the ground. The flames began to morph into something resembling a human form as the winds grew louder and the smell of sulphur grew more intense. Suddenly, a woman appeared from within the flames, and floated gently to the ground. 

She was tall, with long black hair, and a beautifully feminine face. She was dressed in a black floor-length evening gown and high-heeled sandals. She could almost be mistaken for a human if it wasn’t for the ram’s horns protruding from her forehead and leathery wings at her back. The room lit up again, the 
last of the flames dissipated, and the wind died down once more.

Now it was Izzy’s turn to be terrified. “Um… hi,” she said, awkwardly waving. “And you are?”

“My name is Vhesira, Baroness of the Seventh Circle,” she said, her voice deep and powerful. “I have come to play this game that I have heard so much about from Thorvas.”

Izzy looked around. “Okay! Great!” she said, forcing a nervous smile. “Uh… you do have dice and everything, right?”

“How could I forget?” The demoness snapped her fingers, and Izzy watched as a series of crystalline dice appeared from nothing and fell into her hand.

“Right, okay, just checking,” Izzy said, laughing nervously. “In that case, take a seat, I just need to have a chat with Thorvas real quick. Talk amongst yourselves, I won’t be a minute!” With that, she grabbed the other demon by the arm, and pulled him into the hallway, shutting the door behind her. As soon as the door to the living room closed, she turned to him. He was crouching slightly to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling.

“Listen, you need to stop bringing your demon friends along without telling me,” she said in a hushed tone.

Thorvas seemed puzzled. “I do not understand. You said that you were looking for another player.”

“I know, I know, and I appreciate you trying to help, I really do, but...” she sighed, rubbing her hand on the back of her neck. “It’s just that the people you bring along… how can I put this… are a bit on the disruptive side.”

“Vhesira is different. This I can promise you.”

“I’m sure she is, but...” Izzy closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “Look, in the last 3 weeks, you’ve brought along an incubus that wouldn’t stop flirting with Natasha in and out of character, a puck who kept trying to steal from the party well past the point of it being funny, and a member of the marching horde who threatened to burn my house down after I beat him in a fight that HE started.” She folded her arms. “That’s three for three in the people-you’ve-brought-along-being-assholes series, so you’ll forgive me for being a little bit suspicious of number four.”

“My apologies, is there a problem?”

Izzy jumped, and turned around slowly. Vhesira was standing in the hallway with her arms folded. Her eyes were glowing orange, and her gaze seemed to place an immense weight on Izzy’s shoulders.

“No, uh… there’s no…” Izzy stammered, her mind racing. She sighed. “Actually- yes, well… how much of that did you hear?”

“All of it.” Vhesira shut the door and walked towards Izzy, leaving burn marks on the carpet as she went. “I must say, Isabelle, I’m rather offended that you think of me that way.”

“Well… sorry, I guess, but… I just want to have a game that doesn’t end in me having to banish one of my players for starting trouble, you know?” She squirmed under the demoness’s gaze. “And… It’s Izzy, b-but there’s nothing wrong with Isabelle, y’know, if that’s what you prefer-”

“That is such a shame, Isabelle.” The demoness seemed disappointed. “I was looking forward to playing with you. It sounds delightful, and it seems all the time I spent learning the rules was for naught.” The weight seemed to grow on Izzy’s shoulders.

“I, well- um… okay, listen.” Izzy swallowed, and drummed her fingers on her legs. She was sweating profusely. “I don’t have a problem with you playing, but you have to promise me that you’re not going to be an asshole. That means no messing with the party, no trying to murder people for no reason, no awkward flirting with other players at the table-”

“Yes, Isabelle, I understand what that means,” Vhesira said, impatiently.

“That’s great! Then, uh, do you promise not to be one?” Izzy asked, rubbing her hands on her jeans.

“You have my word.”

“Then… yeah, I see no problem with you playing.”

“Excellent. Then let us begin.” The demoness smiled, and as her eyes returned to normal, the weight seemed to lift from Izzy’s shoulders. She gasped for air as she slumped against the wall. The two demons walked past her, and she could feel the intense heat emanating from the pair of them. Her mind was racing. What had she just summoned? Could she get rid of it? Was she in control? What if she had just brought about the end of the world because she needed someone to DM for her?

“Isabelle? Are you going to join us?”

Izzy looked up. Vhesira was standing in the doorway expectantly.

“Yeah, I’ll be right in…” Izzy said, still trying to get her breath back. “Just… by the way, you may be a little overdressed for this whole thing. Like, it’s not exactly a formal affair, most of us just show up in jeans and hoodies-”

The demoness laughed. “I know. That’s the fun part.” She turned on her heel and went back into the living room. Izzy pulled herself to her feet and followed her in, wondering what fresh hell she had just unleashed.

*(A/N: Funnily enough I didn’t plan to end this on a ‘what fresh hell’ line, but there you go.)*