I blink deeply as my eyes adjust to the blinding yellow haze. At once, shapes began to form as colour drips in the scene around me. I sharply sit up right from what seems to be a muddy patch of grass I've layed on.  

Where the hell am I? How did I get here? 

As if out of instinct, I tap my black bomber jacket for my phone. The answer to everything. My omnipotent friend. But alas no luck..just a black mirror reflecting my bewildered face as I desperately try to turn it on. The air feels nippy. My breath creating vapour in the dawn breaking ether. 
All of this is happening in seconds. While my brain is whizzing around searching for answers, I stand upright and realise that I'm literally in the middle of nowhere. A desolate country side, with green humpback hills and a mountainous terrain in the horizon.

Then it all comes back. 

The great slumber.

They said it would take a few minutes until memory would kick in. It's happening. 
There's no doubt the others are scattered around this blue orb going through a similar awakening. We're chosen. Sucked back from the 21st century into the dark world of the 1400's. This is all part of the grand strategy that was blueprinted to us as we slept. Feeding into our dreams we were told only but two of our purpose. The first is to survive. The second...well..It's dawning on me that it may be even harder than the first. They want us to ensemble in 200 years and essentially begin the divine plan to rule the world. But only a small group of us...this was faintly flashed in our recurrent dreams. An arena of red bricked walls, burning candles and hooded cloaks.  Turns out the stereotypes weren't a bunch of rubbish afterall. We're the lizard people. The formidable illumanti. Who would have guessed the conspiracy theorist folks weren't just a bunch of socially awkward fanatics.  They tapped into a truth, although with a seasoning of dramatics.

My belly grumbles snapping me back to reality. With a gulp of icy air and a shudder, I shake off all my existential thoughts like a very classical..why the hell me? More despairingly, why were there so few of us in the dream of the future when I feel like there are dozens of us switching on at this very moment?


A clip-clop sounding echo in the distance ceases any exstistential questions all together, as I brace myself for my very first test of survival. As the echoed strutt of horses feet grow, the silhouette of a carriage begins to bolden. 

It's show time.


