Simba threw the door to his father's office open. Never having been trusted by his father to do a job, he couldn't wait to report to his father that the job was done.

"Father," said Simba with his arms open wide walking toward his father. Standing with him was Simba's uncle, Oscar who had his back turned toward the door reaching into a cabinet.

"Son." Simba's father embraced him with a hug. This was not unusual for his father but something felt off.   

"Father, the jobs is done. We made sure no one-" A dull thud filled the room and Simba fell to the floor gasping for air.

Walking over to a table, Oscar placed down two bowls. "Maybe I should leave" he said looking at his brother.

"No stay," he said looking down at Simba in disappointment. "I need a witness here so I don't kill this fucking idiot."

Oscar just stood by the table as Simba struggled to stand. Still struggling for breath he looked at his father confused.

"You fucked up son. Every fucking time you do something to fuck it all up." He reached it the cabinet and pulled out a bottle then walked to the table Oscar was standing near.

"We made sure no one saw us," Simba's said  walking toward his father. "No one will ever find the body."

"I'm not talking about that."

"Tell me then."

"The human," said Simba's father placing the bottle on the table.

"What about him? He's dead." Simba said with a puzzeled look on his face. "Milo made sure of that three times."

"It's not about who you killed, son. It's about who you didn't kill. Remember when you were little, I would tell you the story of the Boogeyman and all of the bad things he did? There is someone who is even more bad. I once saw him kill a man with his own tongue. His own. Fucking. Tongue."

"You mean the dog? What is a stupid dog going to do?"

"That stupid dog," said Simba's father, "is John fucking Lick." He emptied the bottle into the two bowls and handed one to Oscar draining his own in one gulp. "You remember the stories of the Chihuahuas terrorizing everyone and everything? He's the one they sent to take care of them. Even when they went into hiding he sniffed them out."

"Father, let me take care of it. Let me finish-"

"Are you not listening" Simba's father interrupted. "Is he not listening" he turned to Oscar. Turning back to Simba, another dull thud filled the room.

"Jesus christ, Mr. Whiskers I'm gonna lea-"

"I said stay god damnit" he said picking up his son of the floor. "Listen to me. I said listen to me! As many times as you have fail me I have always loved you. As a father it is my job to protect you but there are thing that can't be protected from. Go and live the little life you have left."

Simba leaves as Mr. Whiskers walks up to a painting behind his desk. He pulls the corner of the painting and it swings open like a door revealing a safe. He opens up the safe and pulls out a little book and starts looking through the pages. When he finally finds what he is looking for, he walks over to the telephone and dials a number. It rings only once before it's picked up.

"Hello John."

Silence.

"Sorry to hear that the vet wanted to neuter you."

Silence.

"John, let us not resort to our basic animal instincts and settle this like gentlemen.

Silence.

"John?"

"Nick nack paddywhack give a dog a bone."

Mr. Whiskers gently placed the phone down looking ill. "What did he say" asked Oscar.

Mr. Whiskers turned toward Oscar sweating.

"He's coming."
