The being at the gates to heaven explained everything; if I wished to proceed past the gates I must confront the person I had caused the most pain and seek their forgiveness.  If I could procure their forgiveness heavens gates would be open to me, if I couldn't I was looking at a one way trip to hell.  I agreed without much thought.  More curious than worried.

The gates of heaven receded into a pure white space and I floated for a moment (or an eternity) waiting to confront the person I had harmed most.  As I waited I carefully considered who it might be. I immediately discounted all of the woman who had been in my life, I had never let myself get close enough to the ones that really cared to hurt me and I had cared for the ones who didn't a lot more than I should have. That left mostly friends and family, but I couldn't decide who or why, I had been the sort of person to give up just about anything for my friends and loved my family unconditionally.  So I resigned myself to being surprised and waited.

After a long while (or an instant, time has no meaning here) I found I was deep in a forest, the leaves danced softly in the breeze and I could look up to see the fragments of a lovely blue sky through the cool green forest light. There was a log in the clearing and a man sat on the log enjoying the scenery equally as much as I was.  I focused on the forest for a time before going to sit beside him.

"So I guess this makes sense." I said and he smiled and replied

"Yes I guess it does."  That made me smile too.

There was a period of silence where we both listened to the leaves and watched the sky.  Eventually I spoke again.

"Life was hard."

"Yes I agree." His smile was pleasant I saw no anger in those oh-too-familiar eyes.

"I struggled against myself every single day. How lazy I wanted to be, how needy I was, what was expected of me.  I put so much pressure on myself to do things I wasn't quite sure mattered that sometimes I would climb out onto the roof during storms and hope to get struck by lightning so I wouldn't have to worry about any of it anymore."

"I remember," he said "but I also remember all the things I accomplished, all of the good I did." He was still smiling. "I don't think life is about lacking pain and if the person I hurt most is myself then I consider that an accomplishment.  Of course I struggled with myself! What else does any adult really have to struggle against but their own nature.  How amazing is it that I managed to not spread around the misery I felt."

Again we sat in silence and listened to the forest looked back at our life.

"Do you regret anything?" I asked, smiling because I knew the answer.

He smiled back. "Oh lots of stuff, but I don't think that means I would change anything."

We turned away from the forest and looked at each other before embracing in a fierce hug.  The forest faded away to white as our voice rang out like the voice of God in the book of Genesis.

"I forgive you."