I wasn't a warrior, but they shoved me in the hall with the rest of the young men. The rest of them rushed into the hall, clamoring over the legendary weapons and trying to pick them up. 

Every weapon in the hall has been used by countless hands. They all have their own stories, their own personalities. Some weapons will give themselves up every generation, and some are so picky that they will only choose a rare sort of personality, or give themselves up in case of emergency.

The eager boys are given the easiest weapons. I tried to pretend to be an eager one, and went straight to the Scythe of Fortune, which cut wheat twice as fast as any normal tool. It became insubstantial in my hands. Several farmer's sons tried for it after me, but none could grasp it. 

The Horn of Plenty, Bottomless Vessel, and Twin Staff were similarly affected. The farming children looked at each other with concern. It was going to be a bad harvest year, and there was nothing we could do about it. 

One by one, the boys were chosen by weapons of destruction. My little brother, who was told that there was a special toy in this cave that was just for him, had chosen a small black carving of a horse before I could stop him. The remaining three of us were older, and knew what the horses were.

No other weapons would have us. We tried all of them, except for the three little horses that nobody wanted to touch. Benji caved first. His small hand shook as he took the red horse and put it into his pocket. Two left.

Paeter took the next horse. It took us a week before its insidious beauty worked its way into Paeter's soul. He looked on me with pity as he left. He looked fine in his barbarous splendor and pale green bow. He nocked an arrow at me, pity in his eyes, and let it fly. 

I spent a year, grasping at weapons that refused my touch. I worked the plague arrow all the way through my heart. I did not die. I waited hundreds of years, but no more children came to claim weapons from the hall. 

Men are not solitary beasts. I did what I could, and I resisted for thousands of years... but the voice of the ivory horse is sweet.

In short, it drove me mad. Thousands of years after I'd entered the cave, I reached out and picked up the horse. 

The rest of me is riding on the pale horse. I found my brothers, waiting for me. Inji had grown up some, but still seemed feverish and frantic. Benji kept staring at his hands, red and dripping. Paeter was gaunt, and his racking cough shook his whole body. We rode out that morning, four of us together again. 

I'm so sorry. I tried to resist.