I wake up to the loud noises of Gerald, my pet dragon. He was no longer sitting peacefully at the end of my bed. I assume he’s hungry but he doesn’t usually make that noise- “Not again!”
   
I was embarrassed that this had happened again, especially because I was in my night gown! I put on my slippers and go down the stone staircase. The roaring is louder now. Which one of those knights are daft enough to come here again. Must be a new one. 

Many people questioned my pet choices but I tell them that at least I don’t have a boring old hound. I’ve had Gerald since he was a hatchling. I found him in the deep forest, no mother in sight. I took the slimy, scaled little creature in my cupped hands and brought him home. I just never thought this would happen so many times. “Gerald! I’m coming “  I hope they hadn’t hurt each other yet. Curse these tower staircases, being so long... 

As I went down to the sixth floor, I went past the kitchen, and remembered that Gerald was probably hungry. I grabbed a big slab of  pork butt and continue down the stairs.

I burst open the door. “Gerald, who wants breakfast!?” He comes bounding over and I scratch him in-between the eyes, where he likes it, and I put the meat down. He started on his meal. I look over to the scrawny knight. He looks dumbfounded that I just fed a dragon and gave him a good pat, then blushes when he sees me in my nightgown. “What is your name?!” I ask angrily. He’s not bleeding, so I’m allowed to be mad.

“Knight Rowan, M’lady” he puts his hand over his eyes but still bows. “Take your hand down, I’m not naked” I say.  “You must be recently knighted?” He responds shyly: “yes! The other knights told me that you were in danger of the dragon!” I roll my eyes. I hope that one day they would stop sending the new knights here. Maybe I’ll let Gerald eat them. “Were they serious?” I ask. “Well... they were laughing. I was kind of confused about that but-“  

“All right, Knight Rowan, have a good day. I’m off back to bed.” He nods and starts walking out the door, defeated looking but pulls out a sword when Gerald runs over to him. He stands frozen with his sword, afraid, but Gerald licks his hand. Rowan gingerly reaches out to pet him, and goes out the door. “Bye princess!” 