
Christopher woke up in the middle of the night and decided he better take a piss before attempting to go back to sleep. As he waked down the hallway to the other side of his apartment, the corner of his eye caught something. It was the portrait of his deceased grandfather. With his mind still in a groggy state he just continued on his quest to relieve his bladder. As he was standing over the toilet his mind wondered to the portrait. He remembered that he always told him that a wise men must always fear only three things: the sea in a storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.

 

“Oh how right you were.” mumbled Chris to himself. As he walked back to his bedroom, past his grandfather, his mind recalled a memory from when he was just about 13 years old. He was sound asleep in his childhood bedroom and was out of nowhere woken up by his father “Chris, Chris, wake up! Chris!” The child looked at his father and saw a worried face. “The cows got scared by something and they ran away. We need to go and get them.” explained his father. Chris shot up from his bed, got dressed as quickly he could and followed his father outside. Both of them grabbed a flashlight on their way out and looked for clues for where the scared animals ran off to.

 

All evidence pointed to the forest right next to the patch of grass the cows were supposed to be. Father and son headed into the forest, on a night like the one they were supposed to fear. The only light came from the flashlight they were holding in their hands. Without hesitation, the young boy and his father entered the dark forest and followed the road the farm animals took. About 5 minutes in, the road split and so did the tracks left by the cows. Chris followed the road to the right and his father went straight ahead.

 

Adrenalin was pumping through Christopher’s heart as his only companion were the trees around him. As he followed the road and the cow prints on the ground, he heard a noise on his right side, he swiftly pointed the flashlight to the origin of the sound. However there was just a tree motionlessly standing. Chris shuck his head and continued deeper into the forest. The noises around him got  lauder and more frequent. His flashlight wasn’t focused on the cow tracks, but on his surrounding. The combination of a forest and the moonless night made him scared and his focus was all over the place. He looked up into the air and for the first time since he was woken up realized that the moon was hiding.

 

He was lying on his back and staring at the ceiling and remembering that night. Even 20 years later he could still feel the fear in his bones. “Well there goes my sleep!” he proclaimed lauder then he first intended. Chris stood up and made his way to the kitchen. Again he passed his grandfathers painting and once again he remembered what he always used to say. He tried to think of the book he once read about a ship caught in a storm.

 

It was the HMS York. The ship set sail in an Indian port town and was supposed to go all the way to England. The queens ship was equipped by state of the art canons with the finest gun powder the British had in their arsenal and the captain and all the sailors were veterans of the sea. However all the weapons and all the years of experience between the crew has no effect on mother nature.

 

Four days have passed since their departure and unknowingly to anyone they would not make it to the 5th one. The storm came out of nowhere and it also disappeared as quickly as it came. It was like all the gods from all the religions in the world decided to unleash their power onto the HMS York. It was a bright day with just a few clouds that divided the sky. The captain was on the deck giving orders to his sailors, when out of nowhere a razor sharp wind appeared. Just a few seconds later, Poseidon and Zeus cursed the clouds and made them black with thunder raining upon the unsuspected Englishmen. A dread filled the hearts of the sailors below the thunderclouds. The wind, the thunder and the waves were enough to send the bravest man running in fear.

 

You only realise how small and unimportant you are when you are face to face with the power of a god. The waves hugged the ship and water was spilling into it, the lightning was dancing to the melody of death and even the prayers of all the sailors couldn’t give them the courage to move and try to save the ship. There was over 400 years of experienced combined between them and every one of them stood still shaking in fear.

 

The sea swallowed the ship before the captain could even give his first order. The storm lasted only 20 minutes, but it was enough to destroy everything it encountered in its path. Out of the 45 sailors on the boat, only one of them survived. He was holding onto dear life, but he was experience enough to know that survival was not an option. He took his knife out and carved into the wooden plank he was holding on “Here lie the remains of the HMS YORK. P.S. The sea is a fickle bitch!” As he finished his message, he let go of the plank and accepted the deep abyss of the sea as his last resting place.

 

“What was the third one?” asked Christopher as he was making himself a midnight snack. “Oh, of course, it is the anger of a patient man. You know grandpa, you thought me many thing, but I never understood this one. Why would you be afraid of the anger of a patient man? However, I had to learn this one the hard way. Pops, I am a patient man and I am extremely proud of this, but  there is nothing more that I fear then when someone pushes me to the edge.” Christopher eyes started to water and a few tears dripped from them.

 

It has been two years since he last felt this fear and he promised himself this would also be the last time. It was just a typical day, he woke up, showered, ate breakfast, kissed his beautiful Maggie goodbye, went to work and came home. However everything that happened afterwards was anything but ordinary. As he opened the door he was greeted by a thrashed house, he ran inside and saw his wife in the living room having one of her mood swings. He tried to calm her down, but none of the usual tricks helped. She just kept screaming, crying and swearing at him. Her words still echo through his mind “IT IS ALL YOUR FAULT!”. This was the moment he for the first time felt the fear of an angry patient man.

 

He tried to unclench his fist, but her screaming just made it tighter and that is when all the fear, when all the anger was released in one swing. This was the first time he ever punched her or anybody else for a matter, but it wasn’t the last. His anger was burning and nothing could have stopped him in this moment. He kept hitting her, over and over and over again. He will never forget the sound of her skull cracking and he will never forget the blood that was smeared all over the living room.