


"It's not really *such* a bad place, I think." Said the man. 


He had set down his harmonica the moment that Jobe had come into the chamber, but the mysterious notes he had been playing still resonated darkly off of the smooth stone. Jobe stared at him. The man seemed so normal, so *ordinary*, that he almost didn't notice how out of place he was. He wore old-style formal wear, complete with bow-tie and tails that draped over his rocky chair as if they had been designed to do just that. Were it not for the pool of magma that illuminated his face, or the red arrow-like tail that slipped from his waistband, Jobe might have thought him a simple waiter. 

"At least..." He continued. "Not as bad as some of your kind have put it, now, is it? For being *literally Hell*, I think it's rather nice."

"Are you...?" Jobe began. He paused, unsure of how to continue. 

"The Devil?" The man asked. He grinned, and Jobe couldn't help but notice his overly-pointed canines. "The one and only. What, were you expecting something else?" He played a few more notes on his harmonica. 

"No, I just..." Jobe stammered. "It's...how did I get here? What happened?" 

"A car accident, I presume." Said the man, eyeing Jobe's blood-stained t-shirt and cargo pants. "Nasty way to go. Of course, I can't be too sure. I can't claim to be *omniscient*, unlike some people who would best go unnamed." 

"No, I remember *that*." Jobe said. "I mean...why am I *here*? In *Hell*."

"Oh. That." The Devil replied. "Yes, well that I do have the answer for. Atheism is quite the crime, young man. You should be ashamed of yourself." 

"I ran a charity!" Jobe spat. "I...I dedicated my life to serving others!" 

"But not to serving *Him*, Jobe. That was your mistake." Replied the man, studying his polished fingernails. "All too common, these days."

"So...I'm...damned?" Jobe replied. "There's nothing I can do?" 

"*Au contraire, mon frère*." Replied the demon, smiling his fang-toothed smile. "I am required to tell that there is, indeed, a way for you to get out of Hell." 

"There is, is there?" Jobe asked, suspicious. "What's the catch? Do I have a choice of ten thousand years or a wooden spoon or something?" 

The Devil chuckled. "Amusing, but no." He replied. "Simply go back the way you came, back through the tunnels and the dark, and you will find yourself at a staircase. Easy enough, no? But Jobe! I urge you to consider staying here, with me! I would give you power, make you a general, a lord of demons!" 

"Uhh...no, actually. I think I'll just be on my way." Jobe said. 

"I thought not." The devil replied, smirking. "Very few fall for that trick, and of those most still choose to leave eventually just the same. Very well! I wish you luck, Jobe...may you find what you are looking for." 

"...Yeah. Sure." Jobe said, turning his back on the Beast. "Whatever you say." He clambered over the uneven stone and slipped back into the darkness of the tunnel, not even noticing the slight downward incline. 

The devil smiled. 


***
*Note: This should go without saying, but this piece in no way reflects how I actually view religion or atheism in any way. To each their own!*

*Thanks for the read! CC welcomed, and if you enjoyed this piece, feel free to check out my others over at /r/TimeSyncs!*