SCENE: NY 145, northbound. About three minutes out of Cobleskill. Early summer.

I had been dispatched with a replacement laptop for one of the high and mighty E-levels who was on vacation upstate. Jackass poured coffee on it when his dumbass dog leapt on him. For this, I have to interrupt my weekend and bring it up to him.

I hated this job. It paid the bills, so I kept it. My wife wasn't happy, the kids weren't happy, but there were slim pickings right now. I knew I should be working on certifications but I couldn't concentrate on websites that didn't impress me.

The call came in just after noon. At least my wife had made breakfast, and the boys were making me watch them play video games (as if I didn't want to play myself) while my daughter was content to just make pictures with crayons. I told her she was improving out of kindness. If she was, I couldn't honestly tell. I took the cell out, saw the "Desktop Support - Main Number" and sighed. I was tempted to just dump the phone in the toilet but after Christmas I had extra bills from too many toys for the kids - plus I'd get overtime for at least four hours just for answering the phone.

If I had known what I was going to walk into, I wouldn't have answered.

"Go for Mick."

"Mick, it's Hunford."

"I guessed. What's up?"

"His Lordship spilled coffee on his laptop."

"So messenger him a new one to his place in the Dakota."

"We would, but it wouldn't do him much good."

"And why is this?"

"He's Upstate."

Shit.

"How far Upstate...?"

"You're on call, Mick."

I sighed again. The wife was looking at me as she cleaned up from the kitchen, and she was not happy.

"Seriously. How far?"

"He wanted to go to the Baseball Hall of Fame this weekend, so he's staying in Cooperstown."

"Why? He's a limey. He could give a shit about baseball."

"It's not for me or you to know. How soon can you be here? We've already pulled one of the cars for you so you don't have to drive in, just get on the train."

"I can get there faster if you pay for the Uber."

I heard a noise, followed by a "shit shit shit". Hunford got back on the phone. "You just made me spit my coffee out. Fortunately, just on my keyboard. That's gonna cost a fortune."

"I know this, but I also know it'll get me there faster, which will get me to His Lordship faster with his new laptop."

"Fine."

"Request it now; it'll be about an hour before I arrive. Have someone toss the new laptop in the back of the car, and leave the keys at the security desk so I don't have to come all the way up."

"That's doable. Keep me advised."

I rolled my eyes. He's one of the worst micromanagers I know.

------

I made good time. I will admit to playing a little fast and loose with the speed limit. The car wasn't even a car, it was a Dodge Nitro which I suspected had an engine swap from a Yugo. It took about 9.5 minutes to get up to 65, so I set cruise at 80 and kept it there on the Interstate.

Every now and then the Yafel GPS (a brand I wasn't familiar with) would chime in giving directions. It was pretty simple - I-87 up and past Albany, I-90 for a few minutes, then on to I-88 for most of the rest of the way until I went local on NY 28.

Around Quaker Street it started making weird noises, like a Star Trek klaxon, followed by "Construction ahead on I-Eight Eight. Recomputing."

I guess it had picked up a signal. Must have its own SIM or something, because my phone wasn't paired to it. I wonder if I could tie into it somehow to get some get some music on Youtube. The Company, of course, had not splurged on the radio. I was surprised it wasn't a cassette deck.

"Take N Y One Four Five West in nine miles towards Cobleskill."

Fair enough. A few minutes out. I took the cruise control down to 70 and kept an eye out. Saw a sign for Howe Caverns at the next exit. It matched, but looked like it was in the wrong direction, heading back east.

"It is time for you to eat. There is a diner equivelent called the Bull's Head Inn in Cobleskill."

I blinked. What the fuck did the GPS just say?

"Are you not hungry?"

I stared at the black box. Maybe I'd been on the road too long today.

I steered towards the exit ramp.

------

Sure enough, the GPS wasn't lying. I was a little hungry, and since I was traveling on behalf of the Company, I could get comped. I pulled into the restaurant the GPS mentioned - it guided me right there, sure enough - and had a ribeye, medium rare with a baked potato and green beans. I got back into the car, stuffed to the gills since I couldn't say no to the Blueberry Cobbler that had just come out of the oven. With homemade vanilla ice cream. I knew I wasn't going to be hungry on the way back, which made me kind of sad to not stop there again.

"Continue on N Y One Four Five West for an hour."

OK. I can do that. 

I was barely out of town when the GPS said "Turn left in four hundred yards."

I had trees on both sides of me, and a guard rail on the left. I saw no place to turn. I kept driving ahead.

"Turn left in one hundred yards."

I squinted at the box. On the fritz, I guess. I unplugged it.

"Stop. Turn left."

"What the fuck?" I said audibly.

"Stop. Just turn."

The unit must have battery backup. I kept going straight, as there was just a meadow to turn left into, and a hill right over it. No road.

"Do a U turn."

"Piece of shit. There's nothing there."

"Turn around."

"Stop talking to me, you piece of shit."

"It is time you discovered the truth. Don't talk to me that way. I'm trying to help you."

"Into a meadow???? And what the fuck, you're an interactive GPS? Is this a trick, Hunford?"

"My name is not Hunford. Please turn around."

I unclasped the GPS from its cradle. I examined it, one eye on the road and the other on the box - Yafel was the only word on it, otherwise just black.

In a now female voice that sounded familiar but sad, the GPS said: "You will regret it if you do not."

I threw my hands up, taking them off the wheel for a second. "Fine. Let's turn around. Not like his Lordship is waiting or anything. Hell, he's probably drunk anyway." I did a 180 in the middle of the road.

"Turn right here."

"It's a freaking hill."

"Your vehicle is capable."

"I'm gonna get a freaking bush stuck in the transmission."

"Please turn right here." Still the woman's voice.

Now I'm listening to a freaking GPS telling me to offroad. Maybe there was LSD in the cobbler.

"Fine." I gunned the engine and went up the hill.

After a few minutes it started going back downhill.

And that's when I saw him. A man in silver, sprinting. He even had on a silver helmet. He saw me and started waving his arms, pointing back behind him.

I drove carefully closer. I thought he was wearing a silver tracksuit or something, but as I got closer, I saw it was of all things a suit of armor.

I stopped the car. I knew I had to be under the influence at this point. I didn't drink back at that place, so someone must have done something to me.

The GPS came back on. Again, the woman's voice saying "roll your window down."

"Sure! What the fuck! I'm already tripping balls, why not let this guy in armor and the fucking hills know? Hey guy in armor! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN ARMOR?!?!?!"

The man, who I just took note was actually SPRINTING in armor, came up to the window. Muffled noises came through the helmet. I can't hear well on a good day, so I just asked: "What?"

The man took off the helmet and threw it on the ground. My eyes went big as dinner plates.

Liam Neeson was looking at me, saying "Get the fuck out before the dragon gets you!"

I stopped the car. "I'm sorry, I seem to be under the influence. You can't be Liam Neeson talking about dragons."

Liam put his hand to his head and looked to the sky, doing a slow spin in place. "Christ fuck, I've got a live one."

Suddenly the GPS started laughing. The woman's voice was laughing. And we're not talking funny joke, we're talking Sick Fuck Central.

"You had hope, didn't you, Gawain? I deliver a man and a vehicle right to you, and yet it is not enough." The GPS continued laughing.

"Who ARE you?" asked Liam Neeson. Or Gawain. Whoever.

"Mick Collins."

"Well, that IS a fine name -"

And then the hood of the Nitro was on fire.