I’ve always grown up alone. I was an only child. My parents didn’t have many pictures of me growing up. When I was a teenager, I decided that I didn’t want to have any kids and for me, that was okay. My parents had no brothers or sisters, I had no grandparents. It was just the three of us until they both passed right before I met my husband. 
After I met my late husband, I did change my mind but apparently God had another idea because my doctor told us after three years of trying, that I was barren. 
It was a sad few years after my husband and I found out we couldn’t have children of our own. I heard so many horror stories of adoptions in the 50s that we decided to spend our money traveling the world. 
Lewis and I visited so many wonderful places before he passed a few years ago. I’m so happy we were able to spend our time together because it was when he was 42 that he passed. That was about 3 years ago. Lewis had a massive heart attack. 
It was a complete shock being teleported to lewis because he seemed so healthy. As soon as I saw him working on his car, I thought maybe I was dreaming until he heard me say his name. He asked where I can from and then the look on his face said it all. He knew exactly why I was there. 
When the heart attack hit him, I knew there was no use in telling the ambulance to rush because I knew it was less than 15 minutes before it would be too late and even without traffic, we were 20 minutes from the hospital.
That’s the thing about time. You never know when it will be over. Knowing when Lewis was about to die, that was different. I knew him, I had loved him. I watched him sleep. But now, this room, there’s so many people and I have no idea who anyone is. 
As I start walking around the room, I see a body laying on a hospital bed. Everyone starts to look at me like I’m a ghost, like they can’t believe I exist. It was eerie.
What was more eerie was after hearing someone call me but they called me by a different name. 
“Elisa, Elisa, is that you?”
“Excuse me? Who are you?”
“I’m Bridget.” Bridget took off her oxygen mask and I gasped. “Who are you?! And why do you look just like me?!”
“Elisa, I thought I would never see you again!”
“What do you mean?”
A doctor entered the room, “there’s about 2 minutes left. Everyone should probably say goodbye now.”
Bridget replied, “I don’t have much time left do I?” She turned to me, “there’s a journal under my bed. Read it.”
“What? Why? Who are you?”
“Elisa, it’s too much to explain. Elisa, I’m your twin sister. Our parents were murdered and you were kidnapped, I was able to get away but I could never find you!”
“But then how, why...”
“You have to turn off your tracker Elisa, you have to find our brother.”
“I have a brother?”
At that moment, Bridget took her last breath. I was now alone in a room with about 10 people. A man walked up to me and introduced himself, “I’m Robert. I’m Bridget’s husband. These are our children, my brother and his wife. You need to remove that tracker immediately. We have a lot to tell you.”