“Marv, Marv, you there? Come on buddy, I’m in a real pinch this time.” Steve’s voice carried across the room and into Marvin’s chamber. Marvin sighed and pushed himself out of his chair. Pain shot up his leg with each step, but the thought of Steve calling a fourth and potentially a fifth time was enough to coerce him out of his favorite resting spot.

He exhaled deeply before picking up. “Yes, Steve?”

“Oh, thank God. Thank god, thank god, thank god,” Steve cried with joy.

“Steve, I’m in a lot of pain. Pain that ironically even magic can’t fix. If you do not tell me what,” but Steve cut him off.

“Okay, okay, okay,” he said clearing his voice. “My car battery is dead.”

Marvin slammed the phone into the wall. He started walking back towards his chambers, using the walls for support. The ancient wood, smoothed and refined over decades, and imbued with several generations of his family’s magic gave him strength and resolve to get up and out of bed every day, but not nearly enough to handle his brother-in-law.

The phone rang. Marvin expected to be irked, but then again, he also expected the call. More pain coursed through his body as he turned his body. 

“Marvin Graves, Necromancer and other Netherworldly Needs. Please leave a message,” his answering machine chirped. The sound of his own voice made his skin crawl.

“Marv, buddy. I’m late for work. I just need you to reanimate my battery or whatever and I won’t bother you again,” he said pausing. “For the rest of the day.”

Marvin inched over to the phone and yanked it out of the wall; the cords of the old landline stretched and groaned. “Steve, even if I wanted to, there’s no way I could make it to your house in this crazy weather.”

“No, no, no, no, no,” he said desperately. “I was thinking.” Marvin could tell by his nervous tone he was about to suggest something stupid. “I was thinking, maybe I’d just hold my phone up to my battery, and you’d do your thing?” His voice went up a few octaves as he finished.

Marvin didn’t say anything at first. It seemed so preposterous that the very idea of it even possibly working made Marvin question Steve’s ability to survive on a day by day basis. And yet, in the last few weeks, his understanding of the fundamentals of necromancy had completely flipped upside down. And as much as he hated to admit it, it was Steve who had unwittingly been the muse in his latest discoveries.

“Just do it,” he said plainly.

“My man!” Marvin could hear Steve move excitedly. He heard his initial slip, undoubtedly on ice followed by Steve’s cell phone falling to the ground as well as several curse words. Marvin felt the pain building in his bad leg but stood patiently. The sounds formed a picture in his mind’s eye of the hood of Steve’s Jeep opening. He could see the round man stumbling over the ice, likely bruised and possibly bleeding as he made his way back to his fallen phone. The return of his voice, albeit agony filled and labored breathing, made Marvin shake his head.

“You still there.”

“Still here.”

“Okay, go ahead, NOW!”

“What the hell.” Marvin felt his magic stirring from within his soul. His mind twisted and kneaded the elements and he felt his third eye awaken. Marvin spoke the words and sent them through the phone. He watched as the Earth’s energy surge round and round, down the telephone cord before disappearing from sight. He waited a moment before the sound of the Jeep Sahara roaring to life filled his ears.

“Alright! Marv, I think you can reanimate anything!”

“Let’s not get ahead ourselves Steve,” Marvin said not wanting to get his hopes up.

“Hey, don’t sell yourself short, Marv.” Marvin hated his enthusiasm, or at least he believed he did. “You fixed that guy’s love life.”

“Steve, I didn’t fix his love life. Like I said before, all I did was correct the blood flow going down to his—”

“Doesn’t matter,” he interrupted confidently. “You’re a miracle worker. Hey, I got a great idea! Why don’t I bring Roxy over after work? Maybe you can try your magic on her!”

“Steve! Don’t!” but the line cut out. Marvin held the phone to his ear, expecting to hear Steve’s laugh but all he heard was the dial tone. Slowly, Marvin returned the phone to its home. Since the accident, his relationship with Roxy was never the same. He grew callous and angry, withdrawn and aloof. The daily reminder of his arrogant mistakes created a rift.

Marvin pressed his hand against to wood and felt the house breath. 

Maybe Steve was right. Maybe he could fix this.