It's been 7 years since the new crime policy was put into place. No one knew to what extent the law was going to go to, people with crazy imaginations thought of extremes and worried themselves with those... it was worse. On the bright side, my life was better since the change. I was bullied a lot in school, for silly things too like humming to myself or chewing the eraser on my pencil, but that all stopped when John, Luke, and brad were all lined up during recess and executed, such a sad thing to lose such young kids, but on the bright side I could hum and chew in peace. it also decreased my class population in a new way, all homes became surveilled, we were always being watched day and night and when kids wanted to beat off the stress of our new national holiday in the safety of their homes they would get a not so friendly visit by a man with a gun.
 
The national holiday never affected me, I lived with my parents in a small suburban town a fair drive south of Philly and we never got into trouble. today was the day that everyone feared, April 30th and I just took a very stressful U.S history test and was looking forward to going home. everyone was silent going to the busses, scared to do something wrong as the watchers stalked us. I returned home at the normal time with nothing unusual happening and drew myself a bath. I stripped my clothes and entered the warm water and as it flowed over my body I started to hum to my favorite song. after a few minutes, I reached the chorus and I will admit I got a bit carried away, I started to sing and sign I did. it was always my dream to be a singer, being watched by the masses and living life to my own rules. I was reaching the end and slowly turned down my enthusiasm, then I heard screams, I heard begging. my parents begged the man but he did not listen, he charged my bathroom gun in hand breaking down the door and in 3 swift shots, one to the head, to the shoulder and one just missing my neck I was dead. I made one crucial mistake that day, I forgot that in the state of Pennsylvania it is illegal to sing in the bathtub.