A cold scowl groped its way across the board. Piece to piece, Deaths eyes frantically darted over the way the game had played out. Their chin anchored their arm to the dark oak table as heavy sighs hissed out of their nostrils.

I won. Death didn't seem to believe it but I won.

As death lifted their head, a frustrated growl escaped their lips. Their colorless dark pupils fixated on my face. 

 As they stared daggers at me, they spoke. Their voice was a breathy, calm tone. Unsettling.  "This... This is a new one. I suppose my eternal drudge has to have its own decay as well. I'd say thank you for livening up the place, but I don't really think this is the time or place."

Death waited for a response. 

I sat in silence scared to speak. The room around us was just so... Quiet. No reflection off the walls. A light that seemingly came from no where shown on only the table. The chair I sat in was plain, black, and cold. The awkward silence sitting with a myth right across from me got a bit too much to bear. 

'uh...I'm... I'm sorry? I... I don't really know what's happening right now? I think I'm dreaming but stuck. You know like sleep paralysis or some shit. Oh! S-Sorry. I didn't mean...to... swear? I guess? Do you even care? How does this... Work?"

Death closed their eyes and took a deep breath. They raised their arms and interlocked their thin spider like fingers behind their head. "This. This is the first person to beat Death in the game of chess. A socially unaware woman that can hardly speak." Their eyes flicked open to give me a condescending look.

I bowed my head. Getting called a loser by what is essentially a God isn't exactly a great feeling.

" Still, " they continued, " I'm not in a position to talk am I? I've beaten kings. Queens. Presidents. Supposed demigods. Real demigods even."

They leaned forward onto the table. "I mean your chess champions were fun, don't get me wrong. I'm just trying to say that how is it that you, being such a... And please don't take offense as this is simply the facts, but *plain* human woman beat me?"

I lifted my eyes to the golden clock on the table. I had two minutes, thirty five seconds left. Death had three seconds.

"Look, man... Girl? Whatever. I don't know. I just played the moves I saw. I don't even really like chess. I'm more of like an Uno and ice cream kinda girl. My dad showed me how to play but not very well."

"Oh yes I remember your father! What was that in your time? Say about... 30 years ago? And you're right as I recall. He wasn't very good. Good talk though. Gave me some entertainment in between the rounds."

"uhhh. Like 10...but...uh...hey since I beat you, do I get like a... A prize or something? Reincarnated as a higher lifeform. My own planet. Can I like.... Go back home?"

"Oh, god no" death laughed. "I've got one job here. And that's to get you to the other side. Well, I wouldn't say job. More like an innate compulsion I can't fight. Literally my one and only job."

I blinked, being a little taken aback. "uh... So... Like.. Why the...." and I gestured to the chess board.

"Well... I am an eternity old. I picked this game up who knows how long ago. A few passers mentioned it before I asked how it was played. I learned it well enough from some passers who were amicable enough to play with the literal God of death. Some asked for things in exchange. Similar to how you did. I used to say just no, I can't and push them on through. But once I fully understood the game, it became a whole lot easier to say "beat me and you'll get what you desire" or something like that. Made them feel like it was a thing they must earn instead of just the short end of the stick. And no one ever earned it so it made things easier on both ends. No offense to you humans, but... I *am* a God. My powers and reach may be limited in scope, but my intelligence is, and I mean this in a literal sense, in a whole other world beyond your comprehension. For the past few millennia, I used it as a way to ease travelers minds as they adapted to their new state. But... Well I guess it has gotten a bit tired."

I sat wide eyed. I couldn't tell if they were serious.

Death sat back in their chair and propped their shoes up on the table. The pale light reflect off the black mirror like surface of their shoes. 

" you know, you are like your father. Aside from the chess part that is. No idea where you got that. But, despite being inept at talking, you are good to talk to."

"uh... Thanks? I think?"

"What was that game you said?"

"um.. It was Uno."

Death took a look around the empty space of the room. They grabbed the golden clock and set it on the wooden chessboard, knocking over some pieces. Both thin hands clasped around the sides of the board and they threw it high into the air. I flinched and covered my head, but the pieces never fell. I looked up to see them dissolving into a fine grey mist that twinkled and danced in the light.

"Well, no prize in the sense you're thinking. But. How about you teach me this game of yours?"

"Well... Uh.. It's kinda not a lot of fun with only two people. You need at least three in order to actually play. The more the better."

Death pursed their thin lips and pushed them to the side of their face. They were thinking.

"Here. How about this."

Death reached into their jacket pocket and pulled out a strip of paper and a pen. They wrote something down before tossing the note into the air just like the game board. They snapped their fingers and another chair appeared at the table.

Several specs started circling the seat, growing more and more thick. Until finally a shape started to form. A human shape. As the fog continued to condense and solidify in the chair, a familiar voice sang through the cloud. 

"... Michelle?", the voice asked. 

"... D-Dad?" 