The new state of the world had had an unexpected consequence in our region. Suddenly, people were taking a higher interest in history and archaeology, and not just general history and archaeology. Specifically, people in my country and our neighbours wanted to know everything there was to know about the Iron Age.

For it seemed our ancestors were right. The Gauls of old feared not the Romans, invading and oppressing their lands. They feared not the shiny, clattering legions. They feared not the Gods, of war or otherwise, Roman Gods nor Gaulish Gods. They feared no kings, no emperors; they feared not death. But, as we were all told when we were young, there was one thing the Gauls of old did fear: the day the heavens would fall on their heads.

The moral of these children's stories were that our ancestors were brave indeed, but foolish all the same: they were held back by nothing but superstition. Superstition, most likely forced upon them by their own priests, the Druids, in their intoxicated state from who knows what mixture of poisonous plants. And yet, as anyone could see, as everyone in our regions knew: the old Gauls, our forefathers' forefathers, were right. 

But it didn't end with a healthy, scientific interest in history. It quickly became an obsession for many -- innocent at first, people walking around in old time's cloaks and shoes, woad dye on their arms. Arts and crafts with old, Celtic symbols made an appearance. But some, ever more, went further: leaving their homes in groups - tribes?- to live in the wilderness, claiming that "to find the answer of our forefathers, we must live like them"; including giving up on all modern comfort. Living in complete isolation, naming some man chieftain and another Druid, praising the long-forgotten Gods Teutatis, Abnoba, Esus, Epona and countless others. They would smith their own swords, and not just for fashion. They became so isolated that any trespasser that wasn't from their tribe -or indeed, any tribe- would be met with aggression. The first person to die was a police officer, who died with the same fear in his eyes as many a Roman, seeing a bare-chested, braided, woad-dyed man charge him with fury in his eyes and a war cry in his mouth. 

.

Many years have passed, and the whole floating rain business has gone and passed; scientists said something about an electro-magnetic field that only affects rainwater due to some of the air pollution particles in it or something -- I don't know, and I don't really care to know. It was just another global warming & climate change wake-up call, and I'm hoping our politicians listen this time. Some 3 years of bad harvests and disrupted air traffic later, everything went back to normal as the rain started pouring again. Not all at once, mind you, just bit by bit in normal albeit somewhat heavier showers.

As for the so-called neo-Gauls, well, they largely noticed that their reaction had been somewhat over exaggerated, though they all stubbornly maintain that they did nothing wrong. Some were arrested, but mostly they were pardoned for anything they did wrong. They still exist, in sort-of isolation and sort-of avoidance of technology and sort-of pagan worshipping. Most tribes are content with being a tourist attraction on weekdays and just plain being themselves in the weekends. It seems we now have an equivalent of Amish people here.