Several important looking individuals wear their respective meat skins around a conference table strewn with papers and debris.

Voices are raised.

Tensions are high.

Great feats are afoot.

The leader stands and gesticulates wildly to his comrades.  His speech is passionate, intelligent and cunning.  With iron will, he will sway the others at the table.

But not me.

I'm far too clever for his pathetic ruse.

As long as our kind have stalked the earth, attempting to subvert and control humanity, we have never come to an agreement upon how to effectively do this.  Monarchies, republics, dictatorships, collectives.  No one could agree.  

I've collected my allies carefully here.  Soon it will be my time to strike.

My time to take control.

My turn to rule this secret council.

Our leader finishes his diatribe, the words hanging on the air with electric energy.  If we had tear ducts, one of the weaker links may begin to cry.

But not me.

Not my coalition.

His iron rule ends here and now.

"You make a good case," I drawl.  The mouth of this meat skin moving slow and deliberate.  Weird controls, but we get by the best we can.  Adapt and hide, infiltrate and overcome.

Out there, those that know of our existence proclaim us to be the secret cabal of alien overlords.  Controlling world governments and population, orchestrating armed conflicts and suppressing freedom.

If only.

If only.

"But I think your authority has come to an end here," I say.

Our Leader's eyes narrow.  This is the one area of true control he has over our organization.  Where his words and choices actually matter.

The one thing the great Leader can truly control in this world.

What we're going to be ordering for lunch to the secret conspiracy chamber.

Before we ever manage to get to our pressing concerns regarding poisoning water supplies or setting various groups against each other in armed conflict, the primary concern is squaring away what we'll be eating for lunch. 

Once that's handled, we'll get around to planning how to conquer the world.

Yet it's always the same.  One of our secret organization seizes control, spending hours convincing and bullying the others into submitting to their will.  The horrors I've endured - the shitty pizzas covered in too much grease and with virtually no toppings.  The oily pastas and the salads absolutely drenched in far too much dressing.

Day in day out, as long as I can remember.  We've argued about food.  About whether or not we'll give a king a crown of silver or gold.  About the colors of the uniforms for our resplendent military.

All these decisions.  One by one, taking up all our time.

Eventually, we'll make up our mind.

Eventually, we'll prove those conspiracy nuts right.

Once we figure out the minor details first.

Because we'll get to the big picture stuff eventually; and there's always time.  Handle the small things.  Clean your apartment, do the dishes, tidy up your desk.  One at a time, finish these tasks and eventually you'll get to the hard objectives.

The son of a bitch always orders from that sandwich place on 3rd, and I'll be damned if I have to suck down another soggy turkey on whole wheat.  They never put enough mayo on the bread and you can tell the tomatoes come from those pre-packaged topping trays you'll get at every average deli.

I deserve fresh vegetables and sufficient condiments.  Maybe more than one meat.

Maybe some god damn variety.

First lunch.  Then the world.

"You know damn well we're all only two more sandwiches away from getting a free lunch," our Leader responds.

Again, cunning.  An appeal to our frugality.

I look to my right, at my right hand man, then back to our Leader.

"We'll still be buying two more sandwiches you fool.  It's a classic sunk-cost fallacy."

That should shut him up.

Now for the kill.

My right hand man eyes me, then the Leader.  Then across the table, he locks eyes with an unknown factor.  There's understanding.

Betrayal.

He stands, holding arms wide.

"All in favor of Thai?"

Silence.

Then hands, one by one, from every other member except myself and the Leader.

With a glance full of hurt and dismay, I attempt to appeal to whatever shred of mercy he may have.

There is none.

He knows Thai is too spicy for me.  I get indigestion and have to squeeze out of my human form for at least three hours.

Not even our Leader can stand before his mighty conclave.

Grinding my teeth, I open my phone to look up local places.

A great debate begins about which venue offers the greatest selection and quality of foodstuffs.

In these hallowed halls, where outsiders see us as the greatest manipulators history has ever seen, we continue a vigorous discussion, unable to come to a unanimous decision.

Instead, we decide to just order sandwiches again.  We already have the number and everything.  

This time, however.  Change.

Upheaval.

Fear us humans.  I've ordered an Italian sub and there's nothing you can do to stop me.

Another day passes.  The sun rises and sets, and our planning continues.  True, we've made no actual progress on our plan on world domination.  And nowadays the world seems to change and heave every hour.

Back then taking our time seemed only logical.

Now, perhaps things have changed.

Or they've stayed the same.

Who's to say.

Outside, the world chugs on.

None the wiser.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato