Death, you are surprised to learn, looks rather a lot like Harrison Ford.

He has that same leering smirk, anyways; you see it in flashes, bending around a corner in the sidewalk, reflecting off the windows of cars plunging past you as you linger, one foot edging off the curb, trying to catch his eye. He won't ever look at you. 

You spent several months trying to corner him back in the summer of 1970, after Woodstock, when you decided you had experienced all the best this little rock had to offer and it was time to board your flight off this astral plane. You don't find him in hospices - you figure it was a good thing to volunteer regardless - and whatever horror you find in the sweltering jungles of Vietnam, it isn't him. 

It's years, decades, before you see him again. These days you've got a good eye, though. These days you catch him dripping down the cheeks of widows, their hands like pale spiders as they brush death off their cheeks, as they tap folded tissue paper against their red-painted lips. Sometimes you glimpse him reflecting back off the wide eyes of children as they gleam strangely, cat-like, in the dark. 

Sometimes you hear the shush of his robes snapping against your ankles, cold and sharp, a reminder to you that you are not forgiven. The touch of him always makes you stumble, and laugh. 

Sometimes you feel that death is all you see.

You meet a girl on a street corner in the soaking rain. She is smiling at you, glowing like a star. You haven't felt awake in decades but your eyes are open now and you see the rain water catching on her eyelashes, you see the streaking headlights of passing cars like sunsets in fast motion. 

She steps off the curb.

You see him with the edge of your eye: his tousled hair, his Harrison Ford smile. The girl is still turned back towards you, and she doesn't see him, and she doesn't hear the bus screeching, and she doesn't expect the blow - not of the bus, but of that Harrison Ford smile, twisting into a leer as she stumbles against the cool crush of his body. You know what she is feeling at this moment: the shocking cold, the hard angles, the buzzing in her ears.

Death catches your eye, his hands folded in his leather jacket. Flips a wink, and you're gone. 