“Death?” I asked the envoy, clearly not amused with this trick. “Why has *Death* chosen to be my sponsor?” In the mirror the envoy seemed ill.
His sank in his robes,“My Master, my Lord request that any and all questions be directed to him in person.”
“Huh!” I snorted with surprise. I turned to face the envoy. “And how shall I acomlish that, Envoy? With the funeral in three days time, how will I journey to Elysium in time?”  The envoy simply bowed his head.

“My Master, just call upon him, he *will* hear you.”

I chortled. “Am I supposed to believe that Pluton will bend to mortal man’s whims? The singular Lord of Death, when the gods of Sun, Rain, Life and Earth must have men bend at knee and be offered sacrifices? These same gods that could care less about the plights of their people? The people they shepard and use to spit in the eyes of the other gods?”

The envoy kept silent. 

I began to laugh, “And I’m supposed to believe that Pluton, Seat of Elysium, with kneel before me?” 
I broke out in a manic laughter. “Pluton, Lord of Death, Seat of Elysium, I am Kazdan Temenbre of Edohr D’nalsi, and I demand you enter my presence!” I huffed at the silence. I looked at the envoy, who was now bent at the waist. “Master Kazdan, I present to you Lord Pluton.” I stared at him. My eyes darted around the room. “Gah, you are wasting my time.”

I pivot back to face the mirror. There he was, inside the reflection. I fell to my hands and knees. I trembled.
“Great Lord Pluton!” I sighed with shivers, “Forgive my ignorant tongue! I don’t know what- what I speak! I... I...”
“*Quiet, and rise...*” Pluton whistled. His voice was deep and dark as the sea, and as coarse as gravel. And yet, it was as light and high as the sun, and as soft as the breeze. “*Please... do no fear mee... I am here to ask for thine favor...*”  To say that I was perplexed would not do justice.  “My Lord,” still kneeling, “I do not understand.” I looked upon the mirror. Pluton’s cloak swayed in an unknown breeze. His figure was taller than any man’s, and his might was evident. “Please, humor me. What do you want with me?”

“*I want to aid thee in thine times of trial...*” I could not understand what he meant, Edohr D’nalsi hasn’t seen war in generations. “Trials? What trials? My homeland has seen peace for many years.” Pluton moaned, “*You have been called upon by Fortana... to prevent great casualties...*” My mind was spinning and my heart was pounding. “Casualties, from what?” I managed to cough.

“*There are great murmurs of treason amongst the gods... the death of Old King Balthazar the Just was no misfortune... It was orchestrated by Venusia to sow distrust amongst the factions... and each faction called upon their patron for favor and victory in the coming war... save thou and thine own... why?...  does thine people scoff at the gods?...*”

This information the Lord of Death had laid upon my shoulders shook me to my core.“Lord Pluton, my people do believe in the gods. But my people do not praise or worship them. My people have called upon them, and they have seen their power, but their cries and praises fell on deaf ears, so we have abandoned them.” Pluton’s gaze held steadfast. “... We do not call the gods names bescause we do not want their help.” Pluton nodded, and he began to walk slowly to the mirror’s glass. The flutter of his cloak in that ghostly breeze kept my attention. As he stepped through the mirror into my chamber, it rippled and buckled like ice. I began to tremble at this otherworldly sight. I could not look away from his eyes.

“*Sir Kazdan Temenbre of Edohr D’nalsi... I am not cruel and cold...*” His left left foot passes the mirror. “*I am kind and forgiving... you shall bring peace to this torn and broken earth...*” His right foot. He stands above me, and I dare not stand. “*If thee accept mine aid, I shall guard and protect thee and thine people... I ask only that thee not kill in these waning days of peace...*”

“I accept your offer, Lord Pluton.” He smiled, and his face became almost human. He extended two fingers and touched my shoulders, my left, and then right. “*Then go... Forhindre Dod... Savior of Edohr D’nalsi...*” And just like that, he was gone. I turn to the envoy who’s face had turned white from disbelief. “Envoy!” “Y-yes, my Lord?”

“Prepare my coach. Send word to the Dutchess I would like an audience.”