The gate of arrival was abandoned, the metal distorted and bent. James walked through the unhinged doors and shouted: "Hello, anyone here?" A faint echo could be heard in the clouds, but all James heard was a deep and unsettling silence.

The white paths throughout the heavenly town were deserted. James glided through large parks, spacious swimming pools and houses, houses everywhere. They were stacked on top of each other, side-by-side, made out of wood, stone and various other materials, all blinking in the shining sun. It defied everything he knew about physics, and yet it felt right. James saw a house ten miles in the sky, and didn't hesitate for a second that he'd be able to get there in just a second. It felt like he was at walking pace, but as he turned around a minute later to check up on his surroundings, the gate was nowhere to be found.

James came to a stop. He knew there was something strange going on, something *wrong*, but he didn't know what. He had always assumed heaven, if that's where he had actually ended up, and not some hollow imitation that would end revealing itself as hell, to be happy. Cheerful. That he would see loved ones, the ones he had longed for, the ones that would unite his heart, and the people throughout his life that made him smile but that he had forgotten about. But there was no one there. He was all alone in paradise.

A noise crept in his ears, first softly, but he noticed the rising volume. It sounded like nothing else he had ever heard before, but he chose to associate it with a violin. Long, high-pitched strokes, slowly rising to then fall again and again. He felt the goose bumps on his arms. A sadness spread through him, and the bright rays of the sun disappeared behind gray clouds. A melancholy fell over him. This was no longer heaven.

He glided further, subconsciously, towards the music. His surroundings changed from city to a more rural setting, with breathtaking vistas scattered around him. A waterfall fell from the sky into a lake of the deepest blue, a thick forest that radiated an ancient calm, and a beach, all the way in the distance, with lazy waves crawling onto wet sand.

But as he glided further and further James saw that the vistas were not as breathtaking as he had taken them for. The blue lake was more green than blue, a green so bright it instinctively scared him, and the fish that had splashed around on the surface were floating on their sides. The forest was thinned out, trees snapped in half, and smelly, burnt grass and moss covering the open spots. James couldn't help but avert his gaze. The music grew louder and louder, and the direction of it became unclear. He glided towards the open sea, the harmless blue, and as he set his first step on the warm sand, he heard something. It was a soft sound, as if a bubble popped, and James sank to his knees.

In front of him the sand had turned into brown mud. The waves crashing onto it were no longer made of cool water, but smelled of sulfur, rot, and smoke. And, in front of him, lied a robed man, twitching in the only bright spot left. James hurried himself towards him.

"What is this? Who are you?" he exclaimed, but as he came closer he saw something was wrong, very wrong. The last bits of sand surrounding him had turned transparent in a shade of black and white, and liquid of similar color seeped out from under the man. "Are you alright?"

The man choked in pain. James walked over to the other side and looked down. A dark opening had formed in the man's belly, and black and transparent liquid dribbled out of it. The man coughed, and red smears appeared on the corners of his mouth.

The man spoke, but his lips didn't move. "You know who I am", it boomed, a deep and primordial voice that shook and resonated through his bones. "You know."

"Are...you're God. What happened to you?" James asked, as he lowered himself to his knees, his own voice trembling in fear. He couldn't help but think of his wife. "Where is everyone?"

God coughed again. "They're trapped". He pointed at his stomach. "I'm sorry. I don't know what happened to me. But before I knew it...it was too late. Nothing else I could do." He coughed up more blood.

"What do you mean, do about what?" James asked, panicking, as he tore a small bit of fabric from his shirt. He gently cleaned off the blood, his hands shaking. This was not how he had imagined it to go. No heartwarming welcome, not the ultimate gift. He was all alone, with the savior dying by his side.

"I'm sorry. I should've seen it coming. I always knew he had it in him, but I just- I couldn't. I didn't think-" he mumbled, his voice sounding frailer as he went on, but James interrupted him. "Who? Who did what?"

"Him. On the other side. Lucifer." God exhaled, and an emotion of pure pain spread over his face. "He asked me about what I was doing. Whether my judgment was fair. Whether my treatment was fair. We argued, and he left, angry and disappointed, and hurt, but not murderous. But he didn't know what he had already done. He planted a seed in me, deep inside, that festered". He pointed at his stomach.

"Whether what I did was right", he mumbled, softly, his voice close to abandoning him.

"But, but- of course! Of course it's right. You're *God*!", James exclaimed. "Who else?"

"Who else?" God repeated, and coughed blood again. "I've never bled before. It's my human side coming back to me, as the darkness extends itself in my body". James had ripped up another strip of fabric from his shirt and was trying to bandage the wound. A smile formed on God's lips, and he mumbled: "Don't bother. Time has come."

"But- what? You can't just leave. This is *heaven*. There are people, people like me, waiting to come here. This means *everything*!", he exclaimed, his last words ending in a desperate yell.

"No..." God shook his head. "You were the last".

A heavy silence fell. God coughed another few times, each leaving more blood behind. James didn't know what to say, or do.

"It's time for me to move on, son. I'm sorry that this wasn't what you had expected. I'm sorry I'm not the expectation you had for me. What you had imagined".

James couldn't do anything else other than sit, and he slowly began to shake, until he trembled next to the fading glow of God. Tears poured out of his eyes, and he could taste the salt on his lips. It was over.

They sat in silence for a few minutes longer, and the breathing of God turned heavier and shallower. "Do you trust me, James?" he wheezed. James nodded. And God began to cry.

The darkness that bled out of him halted, and the translucent stream that seeped out of him increased its pace. "The darkness", he pointed, "my humanity", he motioned and wiped the blood from his lips.

"And that?", James asked, and pointing at the bright liquid.

"That-", God mumbled, before he choked. He coughed up a large stream of blood, and shook in pain. "That-, that-", he choked, "is my...my..." his voice was nothing but a faint whisper.

Tears rolled down James's face. He put God's head in his lap and stroked the white hair gently.

"That is..." he mumbled, and his body froze. God's eyes spread wide open. "Godly...essence". He turned to James. "You".

And with a last breath his body lied still, and the last bits of sand underneath them had disappeared into dark, stinking mud. James roared, and with a flash God's body rose from the ground and collapsed in shining light. A orb of pure light drifted in the dark, and James reached it for it. It was warm, pulsating, and James could feel a radiation coming from it that almost boiled his blood from within. It was such an intense, pure feeling of love that James nearly collapsed. He enclosed it in his hand and the world around him shimmered, and he closed his eyes. He couldn't see it through his own darkness, but the sun had broken through the gray clouds once more.