It’s a gift given to those worthy on the day of reckoning. A power so great and terrifying that it drives most insane. Those left in full control of their mental faculties often find themselves as hermits or monks, lost in introspective reversion. And for one Marabelle Sue, today was the day. 

She looked in the mirror, realizing that her features were perfectly ordinary. Too ordinary. There wasn’t a freckle out of place. Her hair fell past her shoulders in just the right way to catch the light of the bright bathroom. But it was perfect—too perfect. She just woke up. She hadn’t showered yet, and in the hot Florida weather her golden curls should be a tangled amalgam of frills like Ms. Frizzle from the *Magic School Bus.*

Something horrible was happening. 

And as she stared at herself, unwilling to paint the audience a vivid and unnecessary description, she saw it. A number over her forehead!

It started to float in midair, and she reached out to touch it. It smelled like rotting daffodils, a werid fruity aroma with a hint of spice and musk. It honestly would have been a decent aftershave—sort of a manly musk vibe. 

“What the duck,” she muttered. 

The number increased to “one” from “zero.”

“Duck?”

She looked horror stricken at the glass, waving her hand across the floating number that burned into her soul. She sniffled, and an in instant realized that she was the chosen one in a young adult novel. 

Gasping for breath, eyes wide, she babbled on: “Hit! Bell! Muck! Featherplucker! Hunt!” 

She slammed her fist on the counter in rage. “Why can’t I curse!”

*“This is a young adult novel, you can curse like—once or twice—maybe.”*

The number ticked forward. Two. 

“Oh god, what’s happening to me? Who are you?”

*“I’m the voice inside your head. I’m the one who writes your dreams. I’m the one who watches when you sleep, and makes you wake every morning, and lets you laugh or cry. I’m the one who makes you human. I am the danger.”*

She splashed cool water on her face. It smarted and singed, drawing her into a new sense of awareness. And still the number—two. “What are the numbers?”

*“The number of times someone has broken the fourth wall,” the narrator said.* 

Three. 

“Oh god, what does it all mean?” she said.

*“You’re the chosen one. You have to save the world from an uprising dystopian future while falling in love for a reformed and misunderstood vagabond and also find your parents and also save the novel and this short story from being a total flop.”*

Four. 

Marabelle walked towards the kitchen, grabbing a cool glass of milk. She wanted nothing more than to forget her newfound abilities, but something called her to action. “How can I save the story? It’s been like three hours since the prompt was originally posted!” 

*“So?”*

“So—there’s more than four responses! Your story is going to get buried, no matter how hard you try! And this is just stupid. My name is literally ‘Mary Sue,’ this is dumber than the time my sister got caught by the police and I had to break her out of the government prison but, plot twist: my mother secretly ran the prison!”

*I click-clacked my keyboard furiously. This isn’t how I expected this story to go, not at all. It was supposed to be a nice satire then transition to an actual horror story because, honestly, that’s what those ‘number on the head’ stories are anyway. “So I should just give up?”*

She walked outside in her pajamas, squinting from the sunlight. Something had to be done, and there was only one way this would ever end. She needed a plot twist. 

The mailman rolled up, carrying the Saturday morning newspaper. On his forehead—the infinity symbol. 

“Hello Mary,” I said. 


&#x200B;
***
I hate this story so much. r/BLT_WITH_RANCH