I sit in a fancy chair, my wife across from me, ordering from the extensive menu of this five star restaurant. god she's beautiful, far more beautiful than I deserve. I think about the first time I fell in love with a girl. I remember grabbing her, and teleporting her to a cage that I attached to the top of the Eiffel Tower. I wanted the world to see her beauty, and I wanted everyone to know we were a couple, I made sure it was broadcast all over the news when I tried to kiss her and she slapped me.... then I dropped the cage. Killing 120 people below, as well as her. In her country she was a star, a model, a celebrity. But Nobody could tell by looking at the twisted metal and red stains on the concrete.... I remember the second time I fell in love. I had just given up using my powers to wreak havoc. I took her to dinner, we dated for a couple weeks, she then complained of a coworker who hit on her. Naturally, I overreacted a bit... I hung him from the Empire State Building by his underwear. Apparently that was NOT the correct way to deal with the situation. But I don't regret those, the woman I married doesn't care about my past. I made it easier for her by wiping her memory, so she won't remember my shame, and will treat me like a normal person, her husband, her love. I remember when we met, she was being mugged in an alleyway. Naturally, I was amused, but then I saw her. I decided to act quickly. The man stabbed me, but I wanted to put on a good show, so I lowered the density of my skin, and let it puncture me slightly, before stopping it with my hand and stabbing the man in the heart. Unfortunately, my wife is very prone to accidents. Like the time she created an oven fire, I came home to the burnt husk of what was our apartment, her charcoal skin in a perfect cocoon around her lifeless body, cradled in the corner. I turned back time and told her to come smoke with me. And we watched out building burn in hell together, I looked over at her and remember thinking "that *could* have been her". I remember when we were on a plane and we hit a massive balloon, the fabric got caught in the turbine and made the plane start going down. I lifted the plane till we got to our destination. I remember the time I stood in front of her as we were getting mugged. They fired a dozen bullets at me, but they went through me, killing her instead. Again I turned the clock back and killed them with my hands. All those times you had the feeling of deja vu, that was me turned back time to protect my lovely wife. The poor girl would be dead long ago, if not for me. I don't care though. I love her, I'd do anything to protect her and make her happy. Which is why we are getting a complementary meal, free of charge. In a moment I'll shapeshift into a waiter and destroy the bill once our food arrives, but until then, I can look into her eyes and think to myself "there's nowhere I'd rather be than next to her" 