Part 2.

I threw down my bag and laid on my bed. I turned to face the wall and just stared at it, trying to centre myself, trying to make sense of why I feel like this.  I knew I had homework to be doing, but I just couldn’t find the motivation just yet. 
After an hour or so, I slowly got up and switched on some music. The thrashing guitar riffs and the constant beat of the drums helped. 

My mind wandered to Tilly. My soulmate. How could I ever meet her when I’m such a mess? She’s so pretty and funny. I’ve seen her, just watched her for a few minutes. I’m not a stalker, I just wanted to see her. 

I found out her name when I had my 15th vision of her. She was filling in a job application for the cafe that she’s worked in for almost a year now. I’ve never been in there, as apparently you will know your soulmate as soon as you see them and I don’t think I want her to see me like this. 

Another day at college done, I get home and sit wearily in the comfy chair. My dog, Benson, comes over and lays next to me. Since my dad died, Benson has stopped me from cutting myself. I’ve not self harmed for 13 months now. Im doing this for Tilly. For our future I hope we have together. 

I sit down with my mum later for dinner, suddenly my plate is gone. I can see Tilly’s room. She’s dancing. I catch a glimpse of her in the mirror. She’s just so beautiful. She whirls around and picks up the cd case. Wow! She’s an Iron Maiden fan! 

“Luke? Are you ok?” Asked mum. 
“Yeah. Another vision” I relied, blinking
“I haven’t seen you smile like that for a long time” she said, her eyes filling with tears, but quickly wiping them away, hoping I hadn’t seen. 

I decided to take Benson out for his walk. The beautiful May evening helped me clear my thoughts. We walked our usual route to the park, behind the football field, then back towards the woods, which will take us home. No. I need to see her. The feeling was overwhelming. I couldn’t stop the feeling of today was the day. 
We turned and walked back to the football field. Benson seemed to be very excitable, so I let him off his lead to explore. He ran off to the left and into a field filled with about 40 bored looking sheep in it. We walked around the edge then out the other side. 
I lost sight of him again and began cursing him under my breath. Maybe today wasn’t the day. 

I rounded the next corner, only I was looking around for Benson and I didn’t see someone heading towards me. We bumped into each other
“Oh I’m so sor..” I began
“Is this your... “ she began. We both stopped and just stared at each other, for what seemed like hours. 

Her beautiful green eyes met my blue ones. 

“I’ve been looking for you” she said.  “I know.” I nodded.  I stepped closer to her. We moved forward and kissed. It was then that I finally felt complete. 

Sorry for format, on my phone.

