"What did you say?" The woman looked at me, bewilderment defining the angles of her face.

"Th... thank you. For the berries." I said again, confused, holding up the pound of strawberries she'd just handed me.

"No, not that. The name. My name... you said Klarys..." her voice trailed off and she looked away suddenly. "Never mind. Please excuse me, I have to go." Before I could say anything more she turned and whisked away through the flapping doors to the back of the store.

I don't usually slip up like that. Certainly not in some place so public. I'm generally much better at not letting on. It's tiresome always having to come up with reasons how I know the names of complete strangers. "Lucky guess" only gets me so far. And this time, she'd been wearing a name tag. "Stupid!" I thought, mentally kicking myself for not being more mindful. "Oh well, she didn't ask any questions," I thought as I walked up to the cashier.

As I placed my basket on the belt, the young man behind the register gave me the usual greeting. "Hi, find everything ok?"

I nodded and responded "Yup. Thanks," giving a slight smile as he started scanning my items. "$43.72." I stick my card into the chip reader, wait for the ding, and collect my bags. "Have a nice day!" he chimes. "You too."

Outside it's started to rain. Nothing heavy, just the characteristic mist of Seattle in December. I'd been lucky and found a spot right by the door. I pull out of my spot and shuffle my way into the line for the traffic light to leave the lot. Traffic's pretty mild today, only a few cars waiting. 

It's only a 5 minute drive back to my apartment from here, but I like to listen to the news so I flipped on the radio. The stock market tanked again today, some unrest in Poland. Theresa May apparently resigned as the prime minister of the UK. Nothing I found particularly engaging but I do my best to stay on top of things. The light turns green and I make my way home. 

Several hours later there's a knock on my door. Not a knock really, more like a battering. I set down my bowl of half eaten strawberries and move quickly to the window. "Who the hell could that be?" Peaking out the curtain I see a black van parked downstairs, the side door slid open. I recognize the woman sitting inside. "The store clerk! Klaryssa!" 

Three more raps. I slowly approach the door. "Yes?" I ask, looking through the peep hole. Two men dressed in dark gray suits stand on the other side. The one on the left spoke first. "Mr. Ryder? Jackson Ryder?" His voice was harsh and cold and hearing him say my name sent a chill down my spine. 

"Uh, can I help you with something?" Through the peephole I watch as the men give each other a look. Before I could move, the man on the right, the taller of the two, leans back and kicks the door. The cheap wood frame splinters easily under the force of his foot, and the door flies back, knocking me into the wall. 

I sit dazed against the floor as the two men step quickly inside. They grab me, one on each side, and start dragging me out the door and down the stairs. As we approach the van, the hold me up for the woman in the back seat to see. "Yes, that's him," she says, her voice shaken as though she were the one who'd just been assaulted in her home. I feel a sharp poke in the back of my neck and the world fades to black as they toss me in the back of the van. 