"Heads," Roger said as the large, black coin flipped through the air high above his head. 

Death caught the coin in his right hand and slapped it onto the back of his left. 

"Wait," Roger said before Death could reveal the outcome. 

Death looked up at Roger with disdain. "What is it?" 

Roger flashed a yellow grin. "Let's make this interesting." 

Death sighed heavily and shrugged, waiting for Roger to continue. 

"As you know, I've been winning this silly game for what, like a bajillion years now?" 

Death stared blankly. 

"What do you say," Roger continued, "we just call this the last flip and move on with our lives." 

Death squinted at Roger for a long moment. "What are you saying?" 

Roger chuckled. "I'm saying that if I win this time, I get to live forever and you never have to see me again. It's a win-win. I can't imagine how much it must suck to constantly lose to me after all this time." 

Death lowered his arms and balled his hands into fists. "What do I get if you lose?" 

"You know, my soul or whatever." 

"That's not fair. That's what I'd get normally. I want something more interesting." 

"Like what?" 

Death scratched his chin. After a minute of thinking, his eyes lit up. "I got it! You have to admit that you're a big, stupid dumb-dumb and I'm the best in the world." 

"That's it?" Roger said in a low tone. 

Death frowned. 

"I mean... Damn, I don't know about that. That's kind of intense." 

Death smiled again. "Okay good, so we have our terms, yes?" 

"Sure," Roger said. 

Death threw the coin in the air and they both watched it spin.  

"Heads," Roger shouted. 

It landed in Death's palm with a thud. He slapped it on the back of his left hand and slowly revealed the coin. "Tails! I win! You suck, I'm the best!" 

Roger watched Death dance in a circle. 

Death looked up. "You hear that, Universe? I won!" He looked back to Roger who wore a stoic expression on his face. "Say it, bitch." 

Roger sigh heavily. "I'm a stupid dummy--" 

"Dumb-dumb." 

Roger glared at Death. "I'm a stupid dumb-dumb and you're the best in the world," he said through gritted teeth. "Happy?" 

Death remained silent. "Actually, I was thinking... What if we forget this whole thing? You get your immortality and I go back to beating all the other poor souls who don't have your luck." 

"Why would you do that?" Roger asked. He tilted his head. 

"Are you really questioning immortality right now?" 

Roger shook his head violently. "You're right! Thank you so much for this!" He held out his hand. 

Death smiled wide as he took it in his. 

The moment their hands touched, Roger fell to the ground. His limbs stretch and contorted. The bones in his hands and feet cracked as hooves replaced them. Fur covered his entire body. His face elongated into a snout. When the transformation was complete, Roger turned and ran off into the distance. 

Death waved as Roger the donkey trotted away. "Enjoy eternity, you ass!" 
 
 