"Turn to page 122..." My ears picked up the faint buzz of my teacher's voice, lingering in air, wafting in the soft breeze through the window crack. My pen rolled over the desk and dropped. I didn't hear the clank as it landed beside my feet, for the floor was matted.

I raised my head, roused from my transient siesta. What did I see? Through bleary eyes, I saw numerable things skulking behind a luminous wall. A hulking figure of a middle age woman throwing a chalk at me. Gaping classmates gawking at me with assorted expression of shock and exhilaration at their faces. Chairs and desks and books scattered around haphazardly and waiting for the next second to play out. The still fan. The sodden wall. The silent clock...

It was a great moment to stop at. 

I tried to stand up. My chair wouldn't budge no matter how hard I pushed, so I had to clumsily step over it. I avoided the floating chalk and stepped past the many misplaced mannequins, slipping through the crack of the door. It was a nice afternoon and the sun was beaming outside, swarming the corridor with a warm golden hue. People stood like statues, ruminating deeply with beautiful faces, my favourite versions of them. 

The whole school was frozen in time. 

I brushed past the many people at the stairs, perfectly positioned. Many of them were friends. Many of them were foes. But it didn't matter now, for I loved them all this way, innocuous and infinitely intimate. I loved them all just the same. 

I left the campus and stepped onto the football field, glancing back at the staid tower of concrete, still tall and proud at its spot. Nothing had changed. It had retained its 2019 look, and so did everyone inside it, including me. 

There was a piercing shriek. A vulture shot across the sky. I faced the world around me, an unfamiliar sight. Dead ruins stretched as far as the eye can see. Ashes, cinder and soot strewed over the flattened earth, replacing the trees and vehicles and buildings that I knew and loved. The air was stifled and nauseating, but amidst all that there was movement. Clouds floated by, and checkered sunlight shone on the tiny burrows of life all about, of stoats and rodents and insects, lounging in the present, complacent, their heartbeats frail and fragile.

I went outside the gates and knelt down on the ground, feeling the texture of the surrounding dust, so soft to the touch. A heavy stone was in my heart, and a sense of melancholy and despondence overwhelmed me, ushering me to go back inside. It was too soon. Go back. 

I stared at the welcoming gates of the entrance gate, calling to me like a mother, coaxing me to return to its warm embrace. The ground turned dark, and a shadow, whose muffled footsteps had eluded my senses, caught me off guard as it loomed into view.

"What are you doing here?" I stuttered, staring at the fully suited being, his face hidden behind a layer of mist on his helmet. 

"Calm down sir. " The man replied. "I am here to bring you to a safer place." 

I didn't respond, but instead stared at the small print on his suit that read "Manufacture Date: 6/10/2049". It was a hazmut suit. 

"Let me get back in," I muttered softy. "I want to stay." 

"Sir. Your school was struck by a nuclear warhead. Did you see other survivors inside? Hello? Hello?" 

I paused, eyes fixed on the desolute soil, then drifted to my polished black shoes and to my uniform and my tie, finally settling on the great campus building behind me, which slowly vanished into thin air, bringing with it the grandeur and pride of a three decade-old vestige. 

The reminiscence was over. I sighed, turned to the man, and beamed at him.

"No. No one did." 