It looked at me, empty eyes. A being in a dream state, me but not me. "I am you" it said in my voice, it's hollow eyes filled with expression. "I am you in all other probabilities and times, all spaces. I am here for you now to ask what you will." Stunned, I sat in silence. The environment around us now coming to my notice as I processed what I had just been told. Shifting changing settings that I forgot immediately after they changed once again a million places all at once. The echoing hollow voice continued, echoing into uncountable probabilities. " I'm sick of your shit, every time I manifest there's some new emotional trauma or unneeded drama to worry about. Something drawing my attention from the infinite possibilities of you that I maintain from the other side of your death."  I sputtered, frightened now, in a dream with no control but my awareness. " You mean I'm dead?" . The figure shifted irritated, it's shoulders clenched and it threw it's head back. with a groan he continued "No human, I'm dead. I'm you after your death. The culmination of infinite paths of life calculated and complete, the result of your lives equations. I exist outside space and time in what you would call a dream" Lucid dreaming, I had been studying it lately with some success. gaining control of my dreams and beginning to remember them on a regul.... " The Me interrupted, "Yes Lucid Dreaming, that is what brought you here, where you may converse with your true self and subconscious, I am the thoughts in your head and the voices that drive you. I am the emotions and understanding you hold of the world inside and outside your body. And I need you to stop being such an asshole, You're always bitching and finding a problem for yourself which distracts me with the real problems what may or may not eventually face you, things of far more significance than getting emotional over politicians and money.. "   I replied " Like what, come on man help me out here.. give me a few pointers in my timeline. " The pupil-less me paused a moment, sure.. How about the possibility you have to meet the soulmate you've always wondered about? A Partner as good as you'll find in any timeline of yours, it's close and I can tell you what decision to make to find that special person you'll be with for the rest of your life...   You just have to...   BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP ".. I was confused, shifting in and out of control, BEEP BEEEP BEEP .... the alarm.. I clung to sleep and the dream.. "Just tell me what to do... " I cried at the now dissipating figure, who just looked at me with empty white eyes, fringed with electricity, it hummed out of existence and I woke.. 