One man turns to the other, sipping his beer.

"So how's your day?"

"Oh, same old, same old. Yourself?"

"Yep, yep -- nothin' much, just a long day. Had to, you know, concentrate all day, now I finally, like, get to kick back with a beer, you know."

"Oh, I gotcha. What do you do?"

"Well, I... spend my day, one eye closed, looking through a viewfinder. Sit in quiet places, all on my own, looking out over the distance, you know."

"Looking for the right subject, the right moment?" The photographer smiles as he mimes shooting a camera.

"Yep, no kidding, that's my job."

"Spend all day taking aim and shooting?"

"Hah, well, like... you can say that again." The sniper chuckles. He looks beyond the rim of his cup, into the distance.

"I totally know the feel. All day lugging around all that equipment, taking thousands of shots, all of them come out terrible, just in the hope that one will work out, right?"  The photographer sips on his beer. "And sometimes they do."

"Well, like, thousands of shots is overkill. That's a lot of shots, you know." The sniper looks at the photographer and gives him a wry, knowing smile. "I try not to miss."

"Wow! If you really manage like that, that's impressive. Honestly -- and I know this is a little embarrassing -- I just try to shoot all the time and hope that one shot works out, right?"

"Yeah I remember that, working with the automatic point-and-clicks, just firing all day, way back when, but, well, these days, I just need a single cartridge, twenty-four rounds--"

"Just twenty-four? Do you always use film when you work?"

"Yes, of course." The sniper furrows his brows. "It's protocol." He sighs. "Anyway, most days I only take four, five, maybe six shots. It's all just waiting."

"Oh, patience is a virtue, that's what they say!" 

"It's true. All day, well... it's just waiting--"

"Waiting until something comes by--"

"Yeah, like, and it's the right moment and you pick up your gear--"

"And you scope and the zoom is good and the picture is sharp--"

"Right! And you breathe--"

"You exhale deeply--"

"Right, and when your body is still, just as the breath... bottoms out, you know--"

"Then! Then's the moment, and you pull--"

"Click." The sniper snaps his fingers.

"That's right. That's the big moment. And, then, heh, well, maybe if you're me, you shoot a little more, and then step back, and hope that it's come out all right." The photographer smiles with self-consciousness. "Has it been fun, being in the industry? I'm still pretty new myself."

"Well, to be honest, well, like it's a rough living, you know. I'm lookin' to get out, myself. Most guys I know are."

"Huh, that's surprising. What's the deal? You get to travel the world and all, see cool exciting, uhm, foreign places, and do something you enjoy, right?"

The sniper sighs. "All the world-traveling gets a little to ya. I haven't been... to the best places, you know. It's not as glamorous as you'd think. A lot of stress."

"Huh, I guess so."

"And, you know, it's something you enjoy, right, but doing it as a profession, really seriously, day-in, day-out, a hundred and twenty degrees in the sun, that's, well.... something different, you know. Sure, the tools are cool, but it's not the same as, uh, you know, hunting back at home or something."

"Right, yeah, hunting or something -- I get it. Home. That's fair." 

"There's this one time..." The sniper trails off, staring into the distance. "I was, well, you know, out there, and I had been watching this target all day, but it was, like, moving all the time and I couldn't focus my aim and I got really tired, and I fell asleep..." The sniper closes his eyes and pauses for a few seconds. He rubs the bridge of his nose. "And I was sleeping in this bush, and suddenly there's this big cracking of twigs or something and I'm waking up as fast as I can and I thought for a moment it was all over--"

"Hahahah!" The photographer laughs. "That's intense! I get startled sometimes when I'm sleeping on the couch and there's a loud movie on." The photographer slaps the sniper on the back. "You gotta take it easy!"

The sniper gives the photographer a blank look.

"Hey, uhm--" the photographer's eyes dart around. He pulls out his Windows phone. "Uh, so, this has been pretty interesting. Can I add you to my professional network on LinkedIn?"