“This corner’s fine.”

“Right here? This, uh, this is not a great neighborhood, man.”

Already a good start. “I appreciate it. Keep the change.” Oliver Paterson threw a paper bag of bills that would put the cabby’s kids through college on the passenger seat and jumped out of the cab. He started running to put as much distance between them as possible before the cabby saw what he’d left him. A second later he heard the driver’s door open.

“Hey, wait! What is this? Hold on!”

Oliver darted down an alley, already fighting for every breath. He ducked behind a dumpster, but it didn’t sound like the cabby had followed him, probably didn’t want to leave his taxi. Oliver ground his teeth and pressed his fist into his sternum. It would be inconvenient, but not entirely surprising, if his heart exploded before his brain was able to kill him.

He leaned against the dumpster and reflected on the mission he’d set for himself while he got his breath back. Probably get himself killed wandering around in this part of town, but the brain cloud was going to kill him soon enough anyways. Might as well go out his way.

Paterson flicked his hat into the dumpster, then stretched out on the ground and had a good roll, covering his trench coat in mud and something that looked like mud but smelled worse. He pulled himself to his feet and headed towards the opposite end of the alley.

He emerged onto the street a new man, a dirty, limping, wide eyed man. People gave him a wide berth. Perfect. His plan was already working. The person he was looking for wouldn’t shy away from someone truly pitiable, which he intended to be. He pulled a sign he’d written in advance out of his coat and plopped himself down at the corner.

The sign read like so: 
“Veteran, worked hard every 
day of my life, now all alone,
will appreciate any charity”

All of which was true. Paterson looked over one last time, nodded in satisfaction. He was glad he’d decided against deliberately misspelling anything, it would have cheapened the whole thing and been unnecessarily disparaging towards the beggarly. 

He sensed someone slowing down as they came towards him from behind. He tilted the sign towards them. “Anything you can –“

A couple bills landed on the ground next to him. That was fast. Paterson looked up. Two girls in school uniforms were walking past, deep in conversation with each other.

“Ugh,” Paterson said as scrambled to his feet. Somehow both of his legs had fallen asleep, which he hadn’t even known was possible. He shuffled after them, “Wait, little girls.” Oliver Paterson had never been blessed with children.

The girls turned around and stared at him. Then they began walking very quickly away from him. He was about to shout ‘come back, little girls, I have money’ then realized how badly that might go. It occurred to him this plan might not be as well thought out as he had initially believed. But if one lets poor planning stop them they’ll never get anywhere in life. It was inspirational nuggets like that which he couldn’t allow to die with him.

He started after them. His legs needled him every step of the way, which gave him presented him with a new plan. “Aaaaaaaaach.” Paterson toppled forward, rolled onto his back dramatically, and stayed there. After a few moments he cracked one eye open. Were they coming? 

They were not. He opened his eye wider and saw them running away. That was disappointing. Paterson decided to stay on the ground a bit longer. It was surprisingly comfortable and frankly felt better on his back than any of the mattresses he’d bought from one of those countries with umlauts. What a day. 

Pretty soon Paterson was dozing. It really had been quite the day for him. 

“Are you ok, buddy?” Someone shook him.

“Keep the change.”

“What? Should I call 911?”

Oliver opened his eyes. A middle aged man was kneeling over him, cell phone in hand.

“Oh, I’m fine. Thank you.” Paterson sat up.

The man stared at him. “My daughters said there was an old man dying in the street.”

“Your daughters?” Bingo. How to phrase this. “Which of your daughters would you say is more likely to give money to a homeless person? Or would you say they are equally likely to do so?”

“Uh, I’m glad you’re ok, but I have to go now.”

“Wait.” Before the man could go Paterson reached into his pocket. The stranger tensed, but then Paterson came out with a newspaper and handed it to him. It was less than a week old, and on it was a full color photograph of Paterson himself. The caption read ‘Local Billionaire Oliver Paterson Breaks Ground for Museum of Shovels.’  The man took it, confused. Then Paterson showed him his driver’s license. “Would you help me up, please? Thank you. You may keep that newspaper.”

The man didn’t say anything. 

“Things are going to become very awkward if we can’t clear up which of your daughters gave money to me several minutes ago.” Family squabbling over money was an ugly thing, and Oliver hoped to head it off at the pass.

“They said they both did.”

“Ah. We’ll have to sort it out some other way then. Perhaps whichever of them gets the best grades in business school.”

“What the hell are you talking about?”

“This is me.” Paterson tapped the newspaper impatiently. “I have no family, no heirs. I came here today, incognito, to find someone to leave it to. Your daughters were the first to try to help me, so they get it all.” Paterson hit his forehead. “Oh, I’m dying by the way.” 

“Whoa. Sorry to hear that.”

“Thank you. Not much you can do about a brain cloud, unfortunately. Apparently.”

“A brain cloud?”

“That’s right.”

“I almost hate to say this, but did you get a second opinion?”

“Huhm.” Paterson stopped. “Maybe you should be my successor. That is an excellent idea. Well. I’ll still need a successor or two at some point though, and I really don’t feel like doing this all again. How about we order some food at your place and get to know each other? I’m buying.”

The man compared him to the newspaper one last time. “How about we get to know each other at a restaurant first?”

“Fair enough.”

They began walking.
