I slowly die in pain. Blood stains me, my own I think.

I don't know what's happening around me, everything is so confusing, it seems that I am surrounded by swirly white sheets.

"I do not deserve this", I am thinking to myself, "I helped those people, held their so cherished standard, was a people's champion".

My brain is slower now, and I feel myself choking on my own blood. I still can't understand why they did this, sure I went a bit over the established rules, but I wasn't the first one! 

"I was loved, or so I thought" keeps rolling in my head like a mantra. Such a treason was inconceivable, but here I was, my body slowly shutting down. 

I now feel life going away by my multiple injuries, but, I hope, my heritage is not totally lost. After all, my popularity wasn't going to just go away, it will surely help my goals being achieved.

I am thinking about my family, about my wife, I am not going to see them again, I am hardened but it still hits me an infinite wave of sadness.I need to empty my head from this, feeling depressed won't help me in the twilight of my life, I need to move on.

I then think about the previous treasons, how I should have seen this one, I can't stop thinking about this, this stabbing in my back is so painful.

My thoughts drift towards my friends in the army, who will surely no leave me unavenged. Then again the thought of this abject treason takes me by the throat.

I can't keep myself silent over this, even if it is the last time I speak, I want to curse those animals, to make them know that their deaths won't be as sweet as mine, that they will suffer, that their aims will be like ashes after the fire of my hatred. 

To face them I ready myself as well as I can, though weaker as blood goes away from my body like a river. I slowly stand up in this river, red, or so I try, pushing on my arms with my strength left. They seem to notice this and are ready to go back at me again. I don't mind as I want my death glorious and combatful, as I now there is no way I will leave alive.

But then I see him, in the middle of the others, I don't know how I couldn't have noticed him before. 

With my mouth babbling in blood I just manage to pronounce "Es-tu Brute" before I take in the shock of knowing he was one of the conspirators, one of the assassin of the great Julius Caesar, and fall down unconscious.