There’s one thing Johnny loves, and it’s his car. Right now, it’s laying in a ditch, flipped over and leaking smoke. The side of it’s completely ripped apart, shredded by another vehicle, and all the windows are shattered. It won’t be easy to salvage, and while he should call the cops, he ain’t that kinda guy.
	
He takes a long hit off his cigarette as he flicks around his dashcam, finding today’s video. There’s an anger brewing inside him, but he’s learned to be calm in these kind of situations. Last time he had to use his gun, he almost got caught—and he’s making too much money off these drugs to get caught right now.
	
The video starts playing, showing his car cruising down the street. While he had a long drive he’s always careful to obey the rules. In his line of business, getting pulled over’s dangerous. He watches as another car pulls up besides him…no, not a car—a monster truck. It makes a hard, purposeful turn and slams into him before speeding away.
	
His eyes go wide when he sees a portal open up and the truck disappear through it. They go even wider when a voice starts talking. *And that’s it, folks! We finally got him! Look at that damage, too. Was it worth it?* It’s high-pitched and mousy, almost annoyingly fake. He pauses to let the crowd cheer before continuing on. *Hell yeah it was! Okay, well that’s it for our show today! Join us next week on Earth’s Funniest Crashes, when we’ll see what happens when Tonky, our monster truck driver from a planet nobody’s ever heard of, takes on a helicopter!*
	
As the video ends, Johnny flicks his cigarette off to the side, huffing and puffing. He doesn’t know what this is except that it’s bullshit. There’s a fire brewing in his belly, and hearing that voice pissed him off.
	
*Finally got him…*
	
That phrase peaks his curiosity, so he clicks to another video. One from a few weeks ago. He watches as that damn truck appears behind him, but this time there’s too much traffic for it to catch up. *Wowzers! Hiding among traffic like this? Genius!* the voice says as the crowd boos. Another video, the truck misses him as he sharply turns a corner. That’s when he was gonna be late to his niece’s birthday and *had* to speed. *Some humans are so crafty! We picked a good target in this one—we’re in for a real treat of a show.*
	
He must flick through a hundred videos, each time watching him *almost* get wrecked and listening to that goddamn voice. He grits his teeth and clenches his fists so hard the dashcam shatters. Not only did they wreck his car, they did it like cowards. He’s never seen that monster truck before—if they’re aliens, they must be cloaking it.
	
Standing up, he pulls out his pistol and points it toward the stars. His brow’s furrowed, entire body shaking with anger. They’re mocking him, making light of destroying the only thing he ever loved. He doesn’t know how, but he’s going to destroy them.
	
“*Bring it on, assholes!*” he screams.
	
He’s crafty enough that once he gets a new car, they’ll be back. And this time? Oh, this time, he’ll be ready.
***
Part 2 down below!

If you like this story, check out my sub r/longhandwriter or my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter?lang=en)