This is me:

An odd little child, alienated at school for knowing everyone’s name by the first day

A quirky teenager, never invited to any parties.

A petty 18 year old, roaming the streets of New York, holding a cardboard sign saying “guess your name for $5 or your money back!” The reason this is the case is because everywhere I went, every job I started, I was accused of being a “stalker” or “creep” because I have this uncanny ability to know everyone’s name. Once I know a name, it just slips out, and I can’t stop it. Thus, I am here, advertising my magical, unique ability as a party trick. It’s something to live off of.

However, this is the story where that all changed.

So I’m at the supermarket, buying what little I can, when lo and behold, just my luck, I drop everything. This man walks over and helps out, so I turn to thank him. I say thank you, and out of habit I am about to say his name when I come to the startling realization that, for the first time in my life,
I can’t.

The man freezes. “How do you know my name?” He says, “no ones called me that for centuries...”

This elicits a very puzzled response from myself, because 
A) this guy was not old enough to be my dad, let alone centuries old.
B) I didn’t know what his name is, let alone say it.

I make the latter very clear to the guy, and he seems to understand something. “After all this time...” he says, shaking his head in wonder. “Listen, I have no time to talk, but I know what’s going on with you. Meet me at Joe’s Burgers tonight at 8.” He started to walk away.

“Wait... “ I say, “That’s my favorite burger place! How did you know that?” 
“Because you do,” he simply responds, and with a twinkle in his eye he walks away.

Now, I can’t say that I wasn’t debating whether to go or not; on the one hand, that guy was ultra creepy and possibly insane and/or a stalker, but on the other hand, I really didn’t have much to lose but my cardboard sign. 7:40 comes, and I make my way to Joe’s.

When I get there, the man has two burgers in front of him, one being eaten. The other remains untouched, and looks like a double patty joe special with ranch. Which is odd because that’s my favorite burger.

I sit down across from the man, and before I say anything he speaks. “Listen, I know you have many questions, but allow me to say what I have to say and all will become clear. Kapish?”

I reply that it is, indeed, kapish.

He starts speaking. “I am one of the last elves in existence. Elves like me have the power over the mind-to read it, and even control it. Due to this extraordinary power, the elves were hunted due to fear of them. I was able to hide away, and for centuries I have been trying to find others like me-“

I cut him off. “Wait, I said. OK, if what you’re saying is true, and I highly doubt that it is, you’re saying I’m an elf?”

“Yes, “ he replies. “Or so I think. If you’re wondering, the pointy ears and small build went out of style years ago, so those aren’t really requirements. What you’re able to do, knowing peoples names, is a basic-level elf ability. A name encapsulates someone’s identity, and people’s minds basically scream that out to us.”

“Alright, “ I reply, still wary. “If so, how come I couldn’t read your name?”

“Well you did,” he says. “At least, your subconscious did. For obvious reasons, I hide my identity as much as I can-it was pretty impressive you were able to find it at all. I simply read your subconscious and thought you were aware of what you did, which is why I reacted how I did.”

“I see, “ I say. “So how the heck am I an elf, and why have you been looking for me?”

“Well, “ he replies. “Being an elf is really just genetics, and it skips a few generations. You’re not that special. In any case, back in the day the elves weren’t exactly the best kind of people. I’ve been trying to change that. Using our powers, I’ve stopped countless wars by suggesting to politicians that it could be wise to forge a treaty, and spurred many now famous inventors to work together. All I want is to give the elves a fresh new start, as a force for good rather than mischief and trickery. That’s why I’ve been looking for you.”

So really, this got me thinking. What this man was offering was a life with meaning, in contrast to my slice of cardboard that my life seemed to depend on at the time. It was tempting to say the least; a break in the monotony of the cycle I seemed to call “life.”

I was in.

“Hang on a second, though. Will I get to live as long as you?” I ask.

He chuckles. “Maybe,” he replied with that twinkle of his eye. “It takes work, but I’m sure we can get you there.” He put out his hand.

I put down my cardboard, and shake it.

This is my story. A story of how I rose up and made a difference, just by someone showing me I could. I urge you, whoever may be seeing this, to apply this to yourself. Don’t belittle yourself; put down your cardboard! You have so much potential, so much you can do, once you understand who you truly are. And to do that, I simply ask of you one question.

What’s your name?

Mine is Hope.




This is my second time posting here ever, please leave feedback! :)


EDIT: The elf focus is not a growth of food




