After a few hours during lunch, I approached the girl and said in my head “Hey, you can hear my voice?”

The girl looked at me strangely, almost as if she can. I went closer to her and said in my head “What am I thinking of right now? Say it if you can.” I thought of my dog, Razer, doing a flip and falling down. That would seem like a good conversation starter. She raised an eyebrow.

“Oh my god, could this be real? People can hear my own thoughts?” I said to myself. I held her wrist and pulled her so we can get to somewhere safe where nobody would suspect us. She resisted, and I angrily said in my head “We can’t be here, they will see us!”

She took her hand and slapped me, “This is a rare power that only the two of us have, do you not want to be special and be just like everyone else? We could change worlds!” I said to myself, and yet she only reacted with a face of disgust. “What are you doing?” she shouted directly.

I raised my hand and gave her a slap. “Cut it out, you aren’t yourself, let me help you! Don’t be afraid of your own abilities!” I said in my head.

I turned my head, then saw an entire crowd circling around us... looking at us. I said to her directly, “Our cover is blown.”

She opened her mouth wide, almost as if she’s about to shout a million words, and then “Excuse me, what do you think your doing? I was just minding my own business until you just suddenly came near me and close to me... and then you just suddenly held my hand? What the fuck, Dan. I’m not interested in you okay? Atleast learn how to give some fucking respect because this shit won’t work.”

“Then explain why you were blushing awhile ago during Math class when I thought ‘I know you’re listening’?” I replied. “Huh, wha—? No that wasn’t about you or whatever your delusions are.” She shouted at me.

“Then what? Stop lying to me.” I said to her. “You fucking weirdo why were you staring at me, I was thinking about my— UGH” she replied. She stormed off the canteen and rose her hand and did the middle finger. I was forced to leave the area as I was attracting too much attention.

Heh, that was good. Nonetheless I know the truth, and I know that she was merely making an excuse. There are superhumans out there... and I’m out to find them.