It was said that great magic requires a great sacrifice. A single ordinary man's most precious memory might be equivalent to the power required to destroy a castle, and his entire mind save for his name could be enough to erase an entire civilization from existence. A true hero, who cultivated precious memory after memory of desperate struggle and impossible victory, could have the power to reshape the world without anyone the wiser. Not that they would willingly toss away memory for power, those smug "enlightened" bastards. I, on the other hand, aimed for far greater heights.

Let us start from my earliest recollection, waking up to an indescribable sensory overload. The sole thought I had was what I know now to be my name. It is unimportant, but imagine this existence for a moment if you will. I could not speak because my lungs, vocal cords, and tongue could not remember how to form syllables. I could not think to speak because language was nonexistent. I could not even process what my eyes saw, my ears heard, or what my body felt because everything was completely new. An eternity passed in the blink of an eye, because the concept of time itself was forgotten.

And yet, I am here speaking to you because of exactly what that sacrifice brought about. We broke the laws of magic. Equivalent exchange was gone. No longer would magic cost a wizard his mind. Magic ran freely, abundantly, and within moments of our accomplishment, all of our memories were returned to us by our dutiful apprentices reveling in their newfound power. What wonders could Man accomplish when working together!

Immediately we turned on each other, having cultivated centuries of grudges that could now be answered with impunity. With unlimited potential to reshape the universe, we immediately began to strip each other of our powers, putting restriction after restriction onto magic until magic was all but impossible to conjure up by anyone except he who had planned this betrayal from the very beginning, from the moment he began calculating the price of magic.

With my power secure, I decided to spare the poor fools from the agony of knowing they were once gods. A world without magic was the fate of them and their descendants, while I alone could manipulate the fabric of reality how I see fit.

Or so was the plan, before I realized there was someone who reacted faster than even I could anticipate, who locked me in this prison and has done nothing with all that potential because they themselves do not know the power they hold!

But you don't know anything about that. You don't even know your true name, because that was the price you paid to lock me away forever, to lock away magic forever, to be reborn endlessly into this mundane existence and live in peace while I seethe and rage behind bars, watching you be born and grow old and die again and again and again and and again and again and again again AND I WILL HAVE MY VENGEANCE. YOU WILL PAY FOR LOCKING ME IN THIS CAGE AND YOU WILL PAY FOR LIVING TRILLIONS OF LIVES COMPLETELY UNAWARE OF THIS UNENDING HATE I HAVE FOR YOUR SOUL.