To be fair, I didn’t know how long I’d been in the dark. It was just a stupid dare that one of my friends had made me do. “Go in the cave for ten minutes.” They said. “It’ll be fun!” They said. And it was, for a while. 

Until the rocks fell, and trapped me in.

To be fair, I probably shouldn’t have shouted at him when he poked me in the side and ran, as he’d done so many times before. But this want the time to dwell on that. His legs were pinned by those rocks, and I, wanting both to get him out and to get away from him, offered to try and find an exit, and hopefully help too. 

That was days ago.

Somehow I haven’t found a way out of the cave, and yet, I still haven’t seen the same rock formation twice. It was hard to tell in the dark, but I was sure the thin green moss that covered me had begun flaking off. My legs ached, and my head felt light, and yet still carried myself forward. 

Turning a corner, I found myself looking toward the first light I’d seen in too long. I felt a sudden burst of energy, and I ran toward it. I turned one more corner and found myself in a lit room, full of tiny dots that clung to stalactites. Under them was a pool of white, a sea that was only breached by rounded off stalagmites. 

I took a deep breath, waiting for the light to provide the energy I had so desperately needed, but none came. I sat down, confused. Sure, these things were no sun, but couldn’t they be enough? I stared up at them, and as I watched, one dropped onto my foot. I was right about the moss flaking. But the small glowing dot now wriggled on the dried moss. It was a worm.

I picked it up carefully in my pale green hands, still hoping that somehow it would save my life. That maybe now that it was closer, I would go back to my normal green. But nothing happened.

I laid down and sighed, accepting my fate. But as I watched the cave ceiling, another worm fell straight down into my mouth. I sat up and lurched forward, about to vomit, but nothing came. I didn’t even feel the worm wriggling in my mouth. Where could it have gone?

I looked around the cave floor, the other worm now smeared on the ground below my palm. I stood up, and suddenly became acutely aware of the dim light ruminating from my body, along with my newfound strength.

I looked myself over, I was definitely glowing. Hints of green were even beginning to return to my skin. I picked up a small rock on the ground, and threw it as high as I could. As it made contact with the cave wall, a few more worm fell to the ground. I picked them up, cursed myself for what I was about to do, and swallowed them like pills. 

I grew brighter, stronger, and the best part, greener. I picked the rock back up, and threw it again. I was going to survive.