My laughing was cacophonous, even to me. I can only imagine how it sounded over the voice chat.

"Listen," I said, addressing the group, "if you didn't want to lose, then you shouldn't have made it so damn easy." A clamor of voices poured from my headset, making me wince. One boomed out over the others.

"That's feckin' it! You're done! SWAT is on its way!"

I snorted. "Yeah, sure, friend. Whatever you-" My door shuddered. My jaw dropped and my headset followed suit as the door shuddered again and broke in a cascade of splinters. Men in black poured in, crouched low. A chorus of 'clears' went up as their muzzles swept over my tiny, one-room apartment. Still in fighting stance, they crouch-walked over to me and formed a semi-circle.

Except they were all facing away from me. One glanced over his shoulder and whispered, "Here they come."

I sighed, picking my jaw back up as I did. "How many?" I grunted a little as I stretched, loosening my stiff muscles. The man had already turned to face the door again.

"Twelve, we think, sir."

I made a little pleased noise a I stood up. "A full complement this time, then? This will be a good opportunity for you all." I began moving forward and the agents matched my steps without a word. Out the door, through the hall, down the stairs, and past the main entrance we walked. It's times like this I'm grateful I chose a second-floor apartment.

The outer doors swung inward violently, driven by an unnatural wind. I glanced around. "You ready, friends?" A small chorus of assent met my words. "Then let's get to work." Confidently I strode out the front doors, my squad around me.

There they were, just standing there. Smug little pricks. Twelve little black hoods, all arranged in a circle. I frowned. Another gust of wind blew through my group, this time carrying with it the voice of the twelve people.

"Hah. Ayup, they're gregorian." I glanced to the man on my left. "You can tell on account of the circle formation and the god-awful chanting." Another sigh escaped my lips. This group was kind of pathetic, really. They had practically nothing in the way of defenses and their working took so long to build up it was like they were *asking* me to stop them.

But first things first. I tapped the man in front of me on the shoulder. "Flashbang." Like magic the grenade appeared in his hand and he pulled the pin. I watched it arc for a second before muttering a word. For a brief moment, the world around me went entirely black and silent. Immediately after, it all came rushing back.

With the sweet addition of twelve gregorians writhing on the ground, clutching their ears and eyes.

"Ayup," I said, my voice loud enough to reach the hooded delinquents as I walked calmly toward them. "I figured that your little defenses wouldn't account for normie weapons like a flashbang. Real oversight, that." The distance between us closed. Twenty feet. Ten. Five.

The wind picked up again and I noticed one of them had collected himself- I'm sorry, herself together well enough to resume the chant.

"That's quite enough of that." I made a slashing motion with my hand and crimson spurted from her body along the line I'd drawn. "And for the rest of you-" I splayed my fingers each digit pointing at one of the punks, and brought them down like a concert pianist playing the opening movement. The air above them whirled and solidified, forming razor sharp frozen spears. They all slumped over, pierced through either the heart or the head. I turned slowly to face the last man.

"And. Then. There. Was. One." A smile spread across my lips. This encounter may have been disappointing, but at least I could get *some* entertainment out of it. The man gibbered and scrambled backwards. I think he might have soiled himself.

"H-H-how?" He finally managed to get out.

"Listen," I said, addressing the man, "if you didn't want to lose, then you shouldn't have made it so damn easy." I smiled again.

He went out like the first.

Just with more screaming.