Noa was by no means conservative, but the populace was easy to fool. He had his predecessor, Rei, to thank for that. His campaign platform rested on simple, overdone miracles more than on virtue of any kind, but so long as everyone had their Panem et Circensis, Noa was a dead cert. Every day, another opponent dropped out. Some were coerced, but most of them concluded that since nobody could fuck up the universe anymore than it already was, it simply wasn't worth the Drachma to run.

However, there was a spanner in the works: a radical right-wing coalition of angels and the blessed dead had been ignored too long, and they had just the guy to fill in their galaxies' vacancy: Thomas Allman Doyle. There were a few small problems with that plan, not the least of which was that Tommy Doyle was not only still living, but he was merely seven years old.

Tommy loved to listen to the works of the old masters. Wolfgang van Beethoven, Amadeus Mozart, Johann Sebastian Bach; they all seemed to work together forming patterns of small lights, or at least that's what Tommy thought they were, as he lived in the heart of London where all the many glories of the first creator were obscured by thick smog. Not that anyone complained, since few had seen stars at all outside of pub brawls and reruns of *Doctor Who* late-night on the telly. 

As Tommy listened to the aural nebulae pouring out of the radio, he would try and harmonize with them through the only instrument he knew: his voice. Although the lyrics he assigned to the various symphonies rarely made any sense, it was still music to him. At the first movement of Beethoven's Fifth, the familiar refrain of "Washing Machine! Wa-shing-Ma-chiiiine!" could be heard all throughout the Doyle residence. The unfortunate seraph assigned to bring the gifted child to St. Peter's booth at the pearly gates was one Orpheus Palladine, an  accomplished pianist in life, and an astronomer in death. Although the task of killing Thomas was incredibly daunting, to say the least, Orpheus had a plan.

The moment that Tommy's father, Jacob Doyle, managed the herculean task of fitting an upright piano through a standard-sized apartment door, the kid had already determined that it was haunted. This is one of the things children do better than adults, along with remembering the names of all those dinosaurs (Thanks, God #2!) The Doyles had purchased it from an auction two blocks away, at the manorhouse of the late philanthropist and historian, William Palladine. 

At last! A third section to accompany Tommy and his new musical idol, John Williams, for along with the piano came a pianist (Although none of the other Doyles had the gift to see him!) This pianist, dressed in the same fashion as Mozart, soon taught Tommy to play *Washing Machine* in such a way that he could conjure up the same images of stars as his musical heroes. "Soon" said Orpheus to Thomas, after a number of years, "You will be able to make real stars appear with minimal effort. You could even create life on their satellites." 

"But I don't want to play god!: Thomas replied, "I want to play piano here and tell stories of his creation!"

"You will learn soon enough that creating worlds is a natural extension to rejoicing in their glory through music." was Orpheus' reply, "That is how Eru created us, how Vishnu guided us, how Aslan redeemed us, that is how Rei betrayed us, and that is how You will recreate us."

Thomas Allman Doyle finally agreed, even though he was young and inexperienced, and departed this life alongside his teacher, with a newfound hope. After all, how could anybody fuck up the universe anymore than it already was?