"I'm sorry, but that can't be right. I renewed it just last month" I exclaimed, slighty irritated as I was eager to leave for the first time in my life.

"Sir, please, no need to raise your voice. It says right here that your license has expired and I apologize but there's nothing I can do about it. You'll have to renew it and come back another time."

I stared at her perplexed. "Madam, I'm trying to tell you I just fu... I just renewed it. I can see on the card that it is not supposed to expire in several years. Will you please let me through?"

The woman startet to get visibly uncomfortable."Sir I must beg you to lower your voice. There's nothing I can do. Now please leave or I will have to call security!"

"Security? What? Because you can't do you goddamn job properly? Every paper is in order and my license is perfetly valid. Let me through or let me speak to your manager immediately." 

I just now noticed that every single pair of eyes in the whole airport was staring at me and more people were coming closer, just looking at me with blank expressions. The gate agent glanced over her shoulder at an armed guard walking towards us with his hand on his gun, ready to unholster it. "What the... What's going on here? Let me through now."

The guard stood right beside the gate agent now. He had the same blank expression as everyone else but I had a feeling he was just waiting to draw his firearm.

"Fuck that noise." I lunged out at the guard and knocked him to the ground before he could get his weapon out then hit him in the head. I took his weapon raising it towards the gate agent. She cowered while everyone else continued to stare like if they were judging me but at the same time couldn't care less. "You're gonna tell me what's going on. Right now, right here. Understood?" 

She looked at me and started to panic. "S... Sir your licence. It's invalid."

"Oh for fuck's sake" I had to get out of here. I ran through the gate onto the plane still standing, waiting to take off. I threw open the door to the cockpit and aimed the gun at the pilot. "Take off, now." He didn't respond. Just stared at me. 

"John,why are you doing this?"

I turned around. A suited man was standing there. Calm as can be. "Who are you?"

He smiled at me. "John, who I am doesn't really matter much now does it. I'd like to inform you that the police is coming, as you may understand. After all, you can't just steal a firearm of a guard and try to hijack a plane."

It was logical I supposed. What had I really expected? Not that much made a lot of sense right now. 

"You do know you've hit a blind alley, I'm sure. You can't fly the plane yourself. As of now the police should be blocking the exit to the gate. Just give the gun to me John. It will make everything much easier."

He was right. There was nowhere to go. What could I do? Kill myself? That seems a tad overdramatic. Try to fly it myself anyways\`? Great idea if I want to experience the thrill of a plane crash. I raised the gun at him. "No."

"John, give it to me. Give the gun to me NOW." His smile disappeared and he aggressively stepped forward.

I did it without thinking. Surprised myself really. Never shot a gun before. Who knew the first time would be at someone's head? Accidents happen. But was this really an accident\`? I don't think so. I aimed at him after all. "Well shit." The police stormed in, several officer in protective armor. They aimed rifles at me and yelled at me to get down. Might aswell. Then I felt a hard hit to the head. Darkness. 

"John, wake up." I slowly opened my eyes. Bright eyes in the ceiling blinded me. When I got adjusted to the light all I could see was my wife on the left of the bed, and on the right stood the same suited man. "Happy to see you awake John" said the man.

"What the fuck? I shot you?" I didn't understand anything right now. 

"Not sure what you are talking about John. My name is Doctor Albernathy. You're currently in the Blank Stairs Mental Asylum. You stole a gun and tried to hijack a plane after threating a gate agent. But don't worry John. We are all here to help you get better." Without saying anything else the man left with my wife behind him. She glanced back with tears streaming from her eyes.

I didn't know what to make of it. A mental hospital? Over a perfectly valid license? "Well... Shit."