As John twiddled the marker between his fingers he thought about where he had began. The start of his career. He also thought about how he had come full circle and the past had come to bite him on the ass. 

Bruce lay back in bed and stretched as Alfred greeted him.
"Good Morning sir, Winston has requested a meeting with yourself" said Alfred.
"When is it?" Requested Bruce, The playful toy boy billionaire still young at heart but the head of an empire. 
"10.00am sir" replied Alfred.
"I don't know why I even bother with that place" muttered Bruce to himself as Alfred left the room.
The clock read 9.30.

John remembered that night like no other. Of all his hits, this one was publicised. Everyone knew about it. It was meant to be like that. 
John was young and new to the game. He got given a hit and he took it. 
Two adults. One child. Take the pearl necklace. Let the kid watch but don't touch him. The imagery played in Johns head like he was watching a show.; they were watching a show. John made it look like a mugging gone wrong. 
Then, his phone rang to break the silence. "Bruce Wayne" the handset spoke. Then, the silence screamed.

Bruce met Winston in the foyer of the continental with a weak smile and a strong handshake. He knew what went on here. He knew the customer base. He did sometimes extract information from the customers of the Continental, however it was usually on his terms and he was certainly never called on to visit. Today though, this was Bruce Wayne meeting the head of a hitman harbouring hotel. Not Batman. He sometimes had to remember which persona was which. 

"Bruce, lovely to meet you again" said Winston, coyly.
"Again?" Questioned Bruce.

"Yes, yes. We met at one of your fundraisers last year in Gotham. How are things with Wayne Industries?" Winston spoke as he led Bruce into a side room with a bar.

"Things are fine. Thank you. I must ask you though on what business have you asked to meet with me today?" Enquired Bruce.

"Ok Bruce. You're straight to the point and I like that. So I'll return the courtesy. All those years ago, your parents were murdered as you left the Monarch theatre." Started Winston.

"Yes, Joe Chill shot them. A mugging. That's in the past. What's that got to do with today?" Interrupted Bruce.

"What if i told you, Mr Chill was a scapegoat? Or a fictional character? And someone else killed your parents?" Asked Winston.

"Give me a name" barked Bruce. Batman was slipping through into the conversation. 

"John Wicke" smirked Winston.
"He shot your parents as part of a hit placed on their heads. You were meant to watch whilst he made it look like a mugging." Winston added.

"John Wicke will have a global bounty placed on his head in approximately one hour. He has been excommunicated. I know this isn't about the money for you but I want to see you get to him first." Said Winston.

Bruce was never irrational. Always thought things through but hearing about new evidence regarding his parents death compelled him to move. He thanked Winston for the brief hospitality and left. 

Night had descended and John was sat in his living room. He had made appropriate plans and was waiting for the inevitable. He looked at the clock, the global bounty had been active for most of the day but he knew only one person would heed its call. He looked at the clock again, he heard before he saw. It was time.

Like the cool night wind Batman floated down onto John's lawn and John rose quickly as Batman's legs were taken clean off from a planted claymore. A field of mines around John's property made sure he or his enemies were going out with a bang.

He didn't think this would work so well on the bat but when emotions cloud judgement, shit happens. John calmly walked outside grasping the cold metal handle of his desert eagle. A bird of prey against a bat. Batman was nothing without his legs. No fancy parlour tricks would help him now. Batman was bleeding out and weak from blood loss. John peeled back the mask with the barrel of his gun. 

Now it was only Bruce and John. Man on man. 
Eagle vs Bat.

Bruce's head rocked as the hammer clicked. The bullet shattered his skull and blew the back of his head onto the lawn. 

John apologised and walked to his car. He was sullen on the drive into the city. He had one more thing to do. There was an Arabic restaurant on the Main Street in town. It was called "The Demons Head", it was where all this began and it's where it was going to end. 

Johns engine ticked and sighed as it rested outside the restaurant. John stepped over the threshold and the ambience fell. All eyes were on him. All fingers were prepped. John met eyes with his first ever customer. It's one rule he had. Don't get involved with the customer. The marker was cutting into his hand as he squeezed it. The pistol lay warm in his other. He threw the marker at the man sat at the head of the table and placed the gun at his own temple. 

"Fuck your global bounty" John spat. 

And "Fuck you Ra's al-Ghul" he added.

His brain painted the wall. His body dropped to the floor. 

