I could not believe it. Years of dedicated service, spent protecting the world, bringing justice to criminals, exposing lies, making everything better.

And in a single instant, I was thrown in jail. Stripped of my assets, my titles, my pride and honor. 

But two hours ago, I was one of the most respected man on the planet, if not THE most. Now I was in chains and locked in a maximum security cell, with no way out.

And it was all because of *him*.

"Guards, please leave us. But stay at attention at the door, I will call on the panic button if I need assistance."

The dozen guards slowly left the room. And then it was just me and him.

I didn't need to ask why. I could peer straight into his head. I knew it without any effort. But he could do the same. He knew what I wanted. And there was a single burning question in my head.

"How", he said. "Well let's ignore the politicians who back stabbed you. That's obvious. What you really want to know is how the entire nation immediately turned on you. When you were arrested at the fancy dinner affair, you were surrounded by people who had been by your side for years. They'd always believed in you but the moment I denounced you, told the world you were the devil who had deceived them all in the name of greed and lust they abandoned you and fled for the hills. Well it's quite easy."

He peered at me over the table, wanting to let me stew in frustration and anger. Then...

"You were too pure and good"

What?!

"No one honestly believed that someone could possibly as law abiding and forthright as you are. Especially with your, well, OUR powers. Maybe you should have toned it down a bit, all the righteous and good stuff"

I would have pointed out he might fall to the same problem but I could see how he planned around it. 

"And they never *intended* to ditch you", he continued, "so you never saw it but the moment they had the slightest reassurance that their suspicions were right, that the man who had accumulated so much power, so quickly, was indeed the disaster they suspected he might be, they were relieved and happily gave in to their fears and doubts. They doubted you for years quietly". 

I could sense he was done here. About to go. I had a question about him.

"Well I didn't really have this ability until some time ago. Nasty head accident. But I knew I couldn't just come out with it. I'm sure it's obvious why, you would have eliminated me as a threat; rightly so. So I got in contact with a few minor important people. They set me up to meet some rather important people. Proved who I was, that I could expose you for the evil you are. And then here we are."

He was done and leaving. And while he knew what I was feeling, what I *wanted* to do to him, it was something I had to say. It needed words.

"I will get out of here. I will oppose you. I will expose you for your true intentions. I will find some way to rid the world of your presence and I will do it with my own hands".

"Brave words from a condemned man and condemned you are, courts be damned. The entire world is on my side, not one person trusts you, you have nothing to your name and not a single cent to spend".

He paused with his hand on the handle. "But who knows? The stories are always about good vs evil. Maybe the good man who has nothing can overcome insurmountable odds to defeat the great evil"

He gave me a bone chilling smile. 

"But I doubt it"

He flicked the light off and shut the door leaving me in the darkness  with my thoughts and intentions.