I stand before you accused. Accused of a crime no man can commit. They say I am a murderer, but how can a man stand trial for his own murder? 

Yes, I have aged but a year in a millennia, and I have no intention of reaching 21. You look at me amazed, some terrified as if I were the god of death, but the truth, like all truths is nothing if not ordinary. 

I am a man. Born to the empire of the san with skin as black as soot, a heart as white as the fluffiest of clouds floating across the bluest of skies . I, like you bow before a god, whilst yours is demands life for love, mine gives life in exchange for love,  and unlike yours, she does not hog it, instead, she sends her faithful serpent to spread it to the likes of you. 

You’ve often heard the educated fools blunder about how days blend together when a man chooses immortality. They compare it to the way lovers lost in the art of sex as their bodies and souls melt together to form one being. Yet none of them have ever made it past a handful of decades, not even to a century as they are eager to surrender their greatness to what? A life of smiles, laughter, arguments and sex, a vicious cycle made more interesting but exchanging ageless prostitutes and those yet to reach their soul’s true age. 

I have lived more than a millennia and I can attest to the lies in their words. I remember every day as if it were a letter in the alphabet, I recall every lover I brought forth to a wondering soul is if it were a kiss in a the rain. Yes, you, Martin, was it not under the Apple tree that Mary came forth, her body popping in lights as if she were a Christmas tree, shining just before your eyes? 

And you John, I recall how you, 50 years ago raced towards the train, your trousers wet from the effort as your dream job threatened to disappear in the horizon. If it was not for me, you would be waiting on Joan in the distant land of Yen.  I saw how she shone before your eyes, is notice how distant your gaze was, I stretched out my left foot and and tripped, within the flames of anger in your eyes, I fanned a gust that turned the passion in her direction, and from that day you started to age. 

Anthony, Brain, Charlie, David, Edward, Frank, was I not the instrument of your unions? Gemma, Helen, Isabella, Jessica, Karen, tell them you never saw my face moments before your hands of time starting ticking on your lives and I will call you a liar. 

I brought you all together,  I schemed and moved the pieces, one at a time leading to your meetings, as mine where denied. Sarah. Sarah. Sarah was love to me, she made me feel like a god, made my day brighten and bubble with a feeling you know too well,  but she is no more, her life, not a tragedy but the price for your unions, the way mine is not an abomination but the instrument of the goddess of love. 








