"I know its hard ma'am, but we found his dead body today on a construction site."

The young detective and her 2 police officers seemed dead serious.

"No! I mean he is standing in the kitchen right now cooking some soup for dinner."

"Well, that seems odd. May we enter and to ask you some questions?"

I just nodded. This entire day was strange. This morning somebody called and asked for my husband. Judging from accent, the caller must have been either german or austrian. But Sam never had any friends from oversea. And after lunch there was this noise. Like someone was building something in the neighbourhood. Only that everyone exept us was on vacation.

I let them enter and sit down in the living room. My husband came out of the kitchen with that blue appron I bought him last week.

"Darling? Whats going on?"

"Sam, these police officers said that they found YOUR dead body today. They just have a few questions."

He seemed just as confused as I am.

"Well, why not. Do you want something to drink detective..."

"Gardner, these are officers Crown and Miller. And yes, a glas of water for each of us would be nice."

He brought a carafe with water and several glasses from the kitchen and sat down with us.

"Sir, how long have you been living here with Mrs. Steiner?"

"3 years already. It still seems like yesterday since we moved together."

"Do you have any relatives?"

"No, my father was the last family member and he died 6 years ago."

"Mrs. Steiner, what about you?"

"My parents are still living in Chicago. And I have a older brother but...."

"Well?"

"He is in a witness protection program. I'm not supposed to talk about him."

"I understand. We will check this afterwards. Now, was there anything in the past that could explain the body of the, obviously perfectly healthy, Mr. Steiner?"

I had to think for a moment. 

"My husband had a accident 2 years back. He was in a coma for a week. But I visited him every day till he woke up."

"I see. Mr. and Mrs. Steiner, I have to ask you to come with us. We need to make a DNA test to be absoluetely sure."

"But why? I'm right here, you can see that!" 

"Sir, its just for you own safety."

Gardner reached into the pocket of her jacket. Sam just sighed and drank a sip from his glas.

And then slinged it against Gardners head. She fell down backwards from her chair. Sam then grabbed a pen from the desk and rammed it into Crowns neck, who stumbled back in complete confusion while holding his throat. Miller tried to stand up and pull out his gun, but Sam charged him and slammed his head against the wall. Over and over again till the wall was covered in blood and pieces of bone and brain matter. He then calmly stood up and crushed Crowns neck with a stomp.

I couldn't believe what I just saw. The tender and understanding husband I loved was no more. Instead a blood thirsty monster with the eyes of a predator looked at me.

I screamed and tried to get away from that blood covered lunatic. But he grabbed my legs and brought me down before knocking me out.

When I woke up again, I was cuffed to a chair in our basement. Detective gardner was bound to a chair in front of me.

And there it was again, the noise like someone would use a hammer to crack something open. Only that it was very close this time. I turned my head and saw Sam breaking a concrete wall.

"Look who is awake again. Had some sweet dreams darling?"

"S-Sam? What are you doing?

"Just getting some gear."

He reached into the hole in the wall and grabbed a large black suitcase. Detective Gardner also woke up.

"And now we are complete, great!"

He brought a laptop and a foldable desk and put both in front of Gardner.

"Detective, I am aware that you are one of the few people in this town having access to some of the classified data about the brother of my wife. But in order to view them I need a code. If you would be so friendly..."

Detective Garner spit him in the face. 

"If you think I wou..."

Sam just wiped the spit from his face and then forced a towel down her throat. He then grabbed a old car battery and connected the jumper cables to the detdective.

She started twichting, her muffled screams filling the room.

Same then took off the cable and removed the improvised gag.

"How about now?"

"Fuck you!"

He put the gag back in and repeated the procedure while whistling the american national anthem.

"It could be so easy. We dont have to do this detective. Now for the code please."

He removed the towel. Gardner seemed to comply.

"5..8..M..s..1..."

"Thank you, was it so hard?"

Sam gave her a pat on the head and the entered the code in the laptop. He spend a minute reading the file while the smile on his face became bigger.

"How the stars align... It seems your brother is visiting the neighbouring town tomorrow. I think I will pay him a visit."

Tears ran down my cheecks. I now realized that he was only interested in my brother. I tried to deny it to this point, but now I had no choice but to accept the fact.

"Oh....don't cry darling. I never loved you. In fact, everything was played. And it was fucking awful. Your so called cooking managed to even kill the ingredients a 2. tme. Your meatloaf would be greasy on the outside and fucking raaaaaw in the inside all the time. So disgusting even a starving african child would rather face death than eating this shit. Even the fucking sex in our played relationship was awful. Every fucking time we had sex you would start crying and screaming when I picked up the pace. And on top of that I wasted 3 fucking years trying to reach your brother over you. And now I get the chance but now from you, but from a detective with too many administrative rights who just so happened to discover a mistake I made. But now this ends and I can finally finish my assignment. By the way. They didn't found my body. It was the body of my useless twin brother. That twat always wanted a calm life like this. I killed him because I could never stand him and because you were stupid enough not to notice any difference."

Sam grabbed the suitcase and forced the towel in both mine and Gardners mouth.

"Now if you would excuse me, I have a job to do. Don't worry, I won't kill you, I still have a use for you 2."

