I listened as my captor approached. His footfalls were heavy, and could hear raspy breathing as he circled around behind my chair. I could feel coarse rope biting into my wrists, binding me in place. Suddenly my blindfold was off—about time. As my eyes adjusted to the bright light, I did a quick survey of the dark room: a few boxes sat moldering in a corner, and damp crept up the porous concrete walls. A single incandescent fixture hung from the ceiling of what I presumed was a basement

My captor’s voice came from behind.

   “Detective Morrissey. How are you this evening?” 

His voice was harsh and nasally—like some sort of goblin. It was no surprise he was a societal outcast. 

   “Wh-What—What do you want with me?” 

I carefully added a slight quiver to my voice. I didn’t want to spoil anything; I was just a nerdy, cowering detective from queens.

   “All I wanna know...” he stepped in front of me,  revealing his ogreish features. “Is why you thought you could get away with trying to catch me?” He leaned close, pressing the flat of a knife against my face. “Did you really think you’d be able to stop me?”

   “Just—doing my job” I croaked. My captor’s eyes gleamed with excitement. How disgusting. He was actually going to enjoy this—or so he thought. 

   “Let’s get started, shall we?” He raised the knife over my right hand, his dark eyes boring into mine.

   “Yes, let’s.” 

He look of confusion flashed over his face, but it quickly resolved into anger. He plunged the knife into my hand.  Warm blood flowed out of the wound; the knife had gone straight through and into the arm of the chair. I didn’t cry out. I didn’t make a sound. I did’t move, didn’t even blink. My captor looked shocked.

   “What the—“

   “Listen to me well Arthur Mayes Stonebridge,” My voice did not waver this time. “I am going to kill you here, tonight. Or rather, I am going to make you kill yourself.” He looked dumbfounded. 

   “How do you know my—I-I just stabbed you!”

A grin crept across my face.  Now I couldn’t hide my excitement. He stepped back, fear in his eyes. 

   “Who are you?”

   “Wrong question, Mr. Stonebridge.”
