Hannah tried to keep her mind from wandering, tried to focus on the sting of the freshly inked tattoo on her arm - nothing special, just a black bar. No need to make it different from the other tattoo she had covered. If they looked the same, they would lose their power over her. Or so she had hoped. 


But still, the name rung in her head as she drove along, as it always did. Ezekiel. Ezekiel Ezekiel Ezekiel. She always found it a strange name, but it was the better out of the two. When she was a little girl, she was convinced that this would be the love of her life. She filled the margins of her notebooks with the name, bought one of those license plates with the name when she happened upon it as it wasn't a name she came across often. 


“Ezekiel, Ezekiel, Ezekiel,” she told herself. 


So much better than the other name. John. Who names a kid John? Every person in their life knows at least one John. It's the most common name she or anyone she knew had ever heard. “John?” her friend asked when she told her the names. “Great, so you have to constantly look over your shoulder?” 


Things were simple to her - Ezekiel would be her future soulmate, John would be her killer. The names alone proved it - how many killers named Ezekiel were there?


That was until she came home one day to her parents arguing. Again. 


Just a few days earlier, she had asked her mom why she stayed with dad. At thirteen years old, she expected a better answer than, “you're too young to understand. He's really sweet. He just gets upset sometimes. We're meant to be together.” 


Hannah was excused to her room. She put in noise canceling headphones and tried to do her homework. After a while, she got hungry and went to the kitchen. Her father's name was obscured by the blood running down her mother's shoulder as she was bleeding to death on their floor. He shoved her backwards, her head hit the corner, and rather than call for help, her father ran like the coward he was. 


Jeremy, her mother's good friend, was the first one there, holding Hannah tight as her mother was placed in a body bag. His name, printed on the nape of her mother's neck, still haunted Hannah to this day. 


She asked her mother once, after helping her calm down from a bad fight, why she chose her father and not Jeremy? Why stay around Jeremy if she thought he could be her killer? Her mother got a cold look in her eyes - perhaps the only time she would admit to herself what she knew was true. “What if I was wrong?” 


The memory left Hannah feeling nauseous. After her mother's funeral, she knew. Ezekiel or John, no matter who they were, she would never let either of them in. There were other people in the world with better names who weren't conspiring to kill her. And even if one was her soulmate, well… 


She knew the truth. A soulmate could kill your soul off slowly if you chose wrong.