I awaken another Sunday to the sound of Nala racing around the house. At this point, there is no telling what that crazy kitten is up to now. She was a stray I found on the walk home from school. "Nala, settle down" I said, as I slid out of bed. 

Exiting the bedroom I hear her hissing and growling like I've never heard before. "What has gotten into you Nala?" I asked while entering the kitchen. To my surprise, I find Nala swatting at what looks like a new toy she is having fun with.

Curious, I kneel down and see a bloodied unconscious mouse. "Nala get back!" I said as I shoo her away. I grab the nearest towel and scoop up what appeared to be a mouse in armor, gripping a broken yellow plastic sword pick. "What the hell?" 

I raced to my room, dumped the overflowing shoebox of G.I. Joe's out on the floor and placed the armor wearing mouse inside. Being a short and bullied kid myself, I've always had soft spot for the ones who can't stick up for themselves. 

Thinking quickly, I grab a bottle cap and fill it with water, along with some deli meat from the sandwich I didn't finish from the night before, and place both inside. Hoping there was a fight still inside for this warrior mouse.

The sound of the garage door opening makes its way to my room. "Crap, mom's home" I say to the mouse, as if it can understand what I'm saying. She wouldn't let me keep a mouse in the house, so I slid the shoebox under my bed.

"Jeremy, I just made it back from the store, want anything to eat?" My mom asked as she entered the house. "Uhhh...no I'm fine thanks!" I said, closing the bedroom door. "Alright honey, just let me know when you get hungry" she said. 

Still facing the door, I hear a whimper. I turn and see the mouse limping upright out from under the bed. In the tiniest voice I hear, "you saved me, why?" As I realized the voice coming from the armor-wielding mouse standing on two feet in front of me, I faint. 

As I gained consciousness, i opened my eyes to the mouse on my chest. "Master...did I frighten you?" The little mouse asked, slapping my face. 

"You... are talking!" I thought it was a dream.


(To be continued....maybe. At work right now.)




