I woke up at 6AM drenched in sweat from a particularly bad dream. This has been happening all too often. Thankfully I live alone. Since I was awake, I decided to go downstairs and make some coffee, I had a lot of work to do today. Per usual I opened up reddit while sipping on my coffee. At the top of /r/all I saw a post with 35K upvotes saying "Did you all just feel that?" I assumed it was a joke at first as most of those threads are, and I assumed that the 35K upvotes was just a moderator screwing with us.

I opened the thread expecting to see a joke comment on top. What I saw was totally unexpected. Thousands upon thousands of comments about how they all felt their floor shake at exactly 1:06AM (my time if you corrected for time zones). The people from california, japan, and other places where there were earthquakes said that this felt different, and that they were scared. Reddit readers were trying to piece together tweets, news reports, and reddit posts about the incident to try and figure out where the epicenter was. I was confused because so many people felt it, and many had been jostled out of a deep sleep, yet I had not felt a thing. Maybe my nightmares were too much.

I flipped the news on my TV. There was a report on CNN about the event. I listened intently when all of a sudden the breaking news banner came on. The news anchors looked unsettled. I watched closely as the lead anchor said with a quivering voice, "ladies and gentlemen we have just received a video to show you that may be unsettling. Ive never seen anything like this before in my life. It is video from a gas station surveilance camera from small town in New Hampshire called Wolfeboro." I inhaled sharply as that was my small town. Maybe this is why I didnt feel it.

I leaned forward on my couch, waiting in anticipation of the video. It starts, showing a person seemingly floating down the street by the gas station. It is a grainy video, but his eyes are glowing, further unsettling me as I watch. All of a sudden at exactly 1:06AM the person stops hovering and starts convulsing. I watch in horror as the man erupted in fire and dissapeared from view into the ground, after which the gas station video cut off. The CNN anchor comes back and says that at that exact time a local seismograph recorder something never before seen, an earthquake at the center of the earth, radiating to the entire planet at once.

The CNN anchor then said that they enhanced the video to try and identify who or what that monstrous thing was. As they show the enhanced video I slowly start to recognize the person. It was me


>Edit: Hijacking PART 1 to tell people that the updates will become a bit more spaced out, but someone had a good idea and started a subreddit here for the updates: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheInfection/. I will post the updates to both places so dont worry. I am hoping to have part 4 done by tonight, but then since Im really busy with school (medical school --> hence the EMT/infection reference) the updates will be less frequent. Thank you all for the comments, this is really overwhelming!

Edit 2: Now a published book!!!!

Links to the US store:

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07L7FJXZB (E-book $0.99)

https://www.amazon.com/dp/1730797105 (Paperback $7.00) --> if you buy the paperback you get the ebook free!