"Well," I said holding her hands as the last flickers started going out, "we had a good run, didn't we?"

She nodded quietly. She face had been old and wizened. Her hair had greyed out eons ago. But those eyes. The woman I met eons ago had all but disappeared except for this eyes. They still held the same fervor and twinkle that captivated me. That held me prisoner and drove me for in my dark enterprise. Life, my one true love was dying and I, Death, would have to take her pass the black beyond as so many have done before me and will do after.

"You remember the dinosaurs?" I asked with a smile as another light faded. 

"Yes. How could I forget? I was so sure bigger was better back then?"

"I know. We was such children. Though I have to admit meteors seemed like a good idea. I may have overdone it a bit."

"A bit?" She questioned, her voice seemed upbeat, "Caused a whole damn Ice Age you did." She glared angrily at me.

"Okay maybe it was excessive," I replied sheepishly. Her gaze softened. And I relaxed too. 

"But it taught us a lesson in scale. Bigger and grandiose aren't always the better options," she stated stroking my face.

"Then when you gave birth to Change I could sworn that child was crazy."

"Of course she took after her father." She played song to me.

"Took after her mother more like."

We shared a good long laugh as more lights faded. Only a few left now. She clung tight to my hand. I could feel her shaking. 

"Won't be long now," I said trying to hold her tightly.

"What will you do without me?"

I haven't thought about it. I will probably end soon after her. But I don't want her last thoughts of me being bad.

"Probably remodel the universe. Get it ready for the next pair. Always wanted that man-nebula. Maybe with you and the kids gone me, time and space can finally go on holiday."

She chuckled. I was always a bad liar. I could feel her  disappearing. It was like she was slowly dissolving. Her heaviness was replaced with light sensations. Until she was gone. I could get a word out before I could no longer feel her. Not weight but her existence. The tug that I used to guide me to her. I cried. My tears glowing in the darkness then I summoned my strength.  Without her I didn't want to be in this universe. Without her I don't want to exist. In single great moment I exploded. In a single moment I took all of time and space with me. The last thing to fade was one single tear. Still glowing in the empty void.