"I have spent my existence bringing about an end to yours'. I know more about the end than anyone, and I have learned much about the human race. If there is anything that holds true it is your survival rate, no matter the danger you continue on fighting, searching for something else to keep going, the human spirit is one I'm delighted to to carry on. You may call this the apocalypse, you may see it as the end but I will be damned if I am done carrying the souls of your kind! This will not be the end! This cannot be your undoing! It must not!"

The most surprising thing, to us, may have been the way he looked. He was a skeletal figure draped in tattered robes, I mean tattoos and t-shirts were spot on. Perhaps though it was his voice, baffling, does he even have vocal chords? I couldn't understand how it worked, but it sounded fairly normal, which was odd. He stood tall like a looming shadow, a good reason for his apt naming. With him he carried an hourglass strung around a silver beaded chain hanging from his wrist. He came to us one day, speaking of how we must not be frightened, probably because a seven foot tall skeleton in a shredded robe riding a pale horse was scaring the shit out of everyone, before that I think we were doing okay, well alright until he started helping out. He's made many speeches since then and I think he's making everybody feel better, either that or they just pretend to smile for survival.

We've been rebuilding a bit and we're doing good for a community, farmings rough and supplies are hard to find but we're alive. If anything it's a least grouped everyone on religion, I guess the bible got it pretty close. I'm probably the only non-believer left but that's fine with me. For a guy who's existence revolves around finalizing deaths he's pretty good at this survival stuff, though that makes sense learning somethings opposition is often a good resource to learn more on the other. 

All the people said war and nukes or maybe drastic climate change and the movies all said solar flares or disease; an apocalypse means more than destruction though, like the card of death an end doesn't mean the end. The world's more clever and cruel than we as humans could hope for. It let us hold on and survive, brought together by disease and starvation we had hope. Some company accidentally let out a chemical that poisoned the livestock, mosquitoes and the like carried the disease globally like in the movies. Starving, weak and unable to fight we stood together and helped feed the world. One day a united band of scientists saved the world and the plague was ended. We rebuilt, countries' ties strengthened by threat of demise, we were at peace. It was Beltholin-30 the miracle that saved the animals and the world, at peace we grew. With no conflict we lost ambition, we stopped trying to best each other and advancement slowed to a peak. As the generations grew we discovered the higher levels of produced Beltholin-30 in humans was making us sterile. Without the means to help ourselves, medical science had dropped a drastic forty-six percent in rate, we failed to find the next cure. Then came the wars, fighting over the last bits of land, fighting over the unsterile. In the last moments before the world was turned to rubble the remaining countries sealed away all the unsterile people they could. We are the remains of the world, the breeders, it's sick. So yeah maybe everybody got it right, a disease brought about our end, war finished us off, but if you ask me it's peace that killed us.

"Hey Mike."

"Hey Death."

"How are you doing?"

"I'm okay, you?"

"Mike, I'm Death."

"Ya, but you still got shit to do, and if you didn't have things to worry about you wouldn't be trying so hard to save us."

"Thanks Mike. So what are you doing."

"Thinking about how you can speak without vocal chords."

"Again, Death, living personification of the moving on from mortality."

"You don't even have a throat it's just-"

"Its magic Mike, it's just god damn magic."

"That's the other thing that worries me."

"What's that mike?" Death looked at me with anticipation and worry, I think, I'm not sure it's just eye sockets there's not eyebrows and he doesn't have lips so he's basically always grinning.

"If there's magic why the hell can't a throw a fireball?"

"Wait you said this worries you."

"Ya it keeps me up at night."

"Look I didn't make you don't ask me."

"Okay no need to get pissy, wait are you getting pissy I can't tell, you are the happiest looking pissed guy, can't you at least do the Jack Skellington scary face thing?" He just walked away, he just fucking left. "Hey wait there's something else! Where's your scythe?"

"Maybe I don't have one, why the hell should I?"

"Im just saying apparently we got everything else right." He didn't turn around he just kept going, jerk. He didn't go far though before he could he was stopped by, well I'm not sure. He was a large man with flowing locks of orangish hair and he had giant wings.

"Micheal!" Death said, sounding surprised.

"Fourth horseman, your actions are beyond our limits with the mortals, the lords demand you cease this at once." Micheal shouted.

"All of them? No matter I will not have my duty as the carrier of their souls forgotten, I will fight for them."

"After their final ending, that duty will no longer need exist, you may have another seat upon the council." Micheal swung forward a flaming sword, and from nowhere Death blocked the blow with a scythe.

"Ha! There's it is!" I shouted, seriously somebody had to have seen this gu before or something, to be this accurate. The two odd beings fought harshly clashing again and again until Death found an opening and placed a hand on Micheal's chest, personally I would have socked him. A blinding light lit up the sky and Death stood alone holding a glowing ball, okay that feeling up the chest thing may have been more effective.

"Horseman this foolishness must end you cannot defy the lords!" 

Seriously now the ball is shouting?

"These humans can be saved, they will continue to live, I will teach them to survive. Their souls are too important I will not let such wondrous things be extinguished."

"The lords demand the end-"

"Micheal I will return your soul to heaven once more, and you may bring a messages to the lords. I will stay and help the humans, we will continue on, and if they so choose... You cannot escape death, all things have an end." Death lifted his hand to the sky and the glowing ball floated out of sight.

"Come on now Mike, let us return the the village." I hurried up beside him, barely able to contain myself.

"Nice scythe." I grinned.

"Shut the hell up Mike." We continued on towards the village quiet for a while. "I was thinking of setting up small aqueducts like from Rome to try and help the land and transport of water." Death spoke.