Jonathon stood in the kitchen, the morning rays gleaming off his empty cup as he stared at the machines in front of him. He looked each of the devices over, trying to incite some spark of motivation to use any specific one. The first one was the Desperado Espresso Coffee Machine, which was combination of matt and gloss stainless steel, and could give barista-grade results from ground coffee or espresso pods. The one beside it was the much larger Benedict Prestige Fully-Automatic Built-In Coffee Maker, which had a flow system which meant maximum espresso indulgence with an ideal, constant brewing temperature. This was what he knew about these contraptions. The longer he stared at them, the less he was sure of either of them.

Then, a thought struck him. *I need a new coffee machine.* He let out a sigh, his eyes falling on this month's catalogs that were strewn across the bookshelf in the next room. The sudden creaking floorboards from upstairs broke his train of thought, and he lifted his head up to the air. He idly focused on the sudden sound of gushing water, simultaneously from his upstairs bathroom and to the right of him, where the water tank was. Then, he quickly shook himself out of his trance, shoved his cup onto the closest machine and hit the button, just as his guest descended the stairs. 

Her mid-length blonde hair fell about her in wild strands, and she had elected to wear one of Jonathon's shirts and not much else. She gave him a smile, and leaned against the wooden door frame. 

"Making coffee?" she asked, and even her slightly hungover morning voice sounded as chipper as it had the night before.

Jon muttered a tired "Morning..." trailing off as he failed to recall her name, and he dutifully took another cup out of the cupboard above him and placed it on the counter. There was an awkward pause where Jon couldn't figure out what either of them were waiting for, before he realized the machine was prompting him to fill the water tank. He gave a grunt as he struggled to open the top, while the girl broke the silence.

"So... This *is* your house, right?" she asked, and as he looked up at her smile, he couldn't shake the feeling that she was mocking him. As he mustered up a quizzical look, she added, "It's ancient. I thought it might be your grandparents' or something. Maybe an inheritance?"

He nodded in sudden understanding, and shook his head. "No, I moved here a couple weeks ago. It was going for dirt cheap for its size, so I grabbed it after I..." He trailed off briefly. He hadn't thought it wise to tell everyone about his winnings, but lately he hadn't been very careful. He grinned as a thought quickly flashed through his mind. *I've earned this. I should tell her all about it.* "... I won the lottery, actually. Now I can buy whatever I want." He couldn't help but hold his head a little higher, even as he stopped caring about the empty water tank. The girl raised her eyebrows, as her smile widened. 

"The lottery, huh? I'm happy for you." She replied, while Jon switched the second machine on instead, moving the two cups onto each of the slots the machine had while he waited for it to heat up. "If I had that money, I'd pay off all my mom and brother's medical bills." She continued. After only a short pause, she added, "Not that I'm hinting at anything!"

*Of course she wants your money.* Jon felt a sudden flash of anger, which he just managed to keep out of his facial expression, only staring hard at the coffee machine as he fiddled with the coffee pod. Quietly, he took a deep breath, and something made him look up at the girl. She had a small look of unease and concern on her face, clearly picking something up. Her eyes were a piercing deep blue, and he could see the ghosts of freckles around her nose. His shirt was only mildly buttoned, just barely enough to make her decent. 

*She's beautiful,* he thought, and the images of her last night on his air mattress forced their way into his head. He smiled widely at her, and she sent him a half-hearted grin in return. *You should ask her. Right now.* He leaned slightly on the counter, just as the machine automatically stopped on his cup, waiting for input for the second.

"How about we go again?" He asked, smile not leaving his face. "You and me."

The girl was taken off guard for a moment, but she quickly recovered with a pleasant laugh. "Sorry, dude. Not today, I kinda have to get home soon." Jon's smile started to fade, and he looked back at the machine, to quietly replace the pod and set it working at her cup. 

*I bet she has other guys she messes around with all the time. She's probably going straight to them after leaving.* His smile faded by the second, as his eyes stayed fixed on the machine, waiting for it to automatically switch itself off. The girl took a tentative step forward, and concern was back in her voice. 

"You're not... Upset, are you?" She asked. Jon shook his head, and tried to give her the best smile he could. 

"I'm fine," he said, not convincing her or himself. To distract both of them, he took the two cups in his hand and placed one in front of her. He almost left the room, then, before another thought pushed its way into his head. *A snack will help you feel better.* And then, *I bet there's something good on TV.* He took a bag of Triangle Bits out of his cupboard, and he turned to the girl, who was awkwardly clutching her arm. He paused for a moment, looking for something to say. Then, "Um, you can use the shower upstairs. Just let the water run for a bit to heat up." 

He passed her, missing her response, and slouched himself down into his armchair. Switching his curved TV on, he didn't bother changing it from the first thing he saw, and settled in. He was briefly aware of the girl lingering at his door for a moment, but he opened the bag, masking the sound of her creaking up the stairs. Soon, he was laughing at the show, occasionally savoring the crunch of a Triangle Bit. *You know what?* He thought. *I am happy.*

___

**This is my first story here! If anyone didn't understand what was going on, the demons, instead of being manifestations, were quietly influencing his thoughts. And instead of improving his life, the sins were actually, unknowingly, making his life worse by doing so.**

**I hope you enjoyed! Criticism is welcome!**