"So.... why am I here then? If the sin positions are not filled? "

"Well... you see, the deal was, accept god in your heart. Most  people on the death bed do it. You didn't. I mean, if you had, you would go into the to be tortured pile.... BUt you see? No other stable personell in here except you and maybe a handfull of other dudes. "

"But what about the deadly sins? Riders of the apocalypse..."

"Died down years ago. I mean, War? What you do is no longer war! The last war that qualified was dudes with swords. I mean, the dude was really insistent woth the phrasing... drank himself to life over it...."

"Hunger?"

"Sucessfull argued against that most people today don't die from hunger, but from missmanagement. "

"Pestillence?"

"Have you actually checked how many people die from real plagues? "

"HIV? Auto immune diseases?"

"Are you kidding? Tell me the gays come down here and would like to be slaughtered by pestillence, when there is lust available. We tried that in the 60's, but it got out of hand, and it became really really popular..."

"So, what you are telling me is, numbers are down across the board, you got nobody fresh to sign up to the team, and your office is going down the shitter? "

"Yea, well, the good old days..... Wait a second, are you one of these management guys? Why did I not expect this.... "

"Okay, lets start from the ground up. Can you introdude new sins? I mean, the old ones are nonexistant. "

"Well, I have the form somewhere, but only for redefinition...... But why? I mean, what is even humanity anymore? I mean, you can't sin if it's not really, really annoying. "

"That sucks. I mean, short refresher, Is it still true that souls have to be tormented for the sins that they have committed, before they get to heaven?"

"Well, duh, but people got like really good at arguing.... "

"Well, lets start at zero then. I will make you a suggestion, and you say if you like it. Hear me out on this one. We start with the first sin, memes. "

"Memes? Like the little cat pictures?"

"Exactly. The first sin is memes, and it takes over for Pride. "

"But what is bad about this? "

"Nothing... except the meme gets reposted in perpetuity. Every meme is an old meme by design, only you could be the one to make it old and annoying. So, that covers all reposters, and copy posters, and the job of meme goes to the people who die right after they make a meme old. Like, the first one who elicits groans. That means whoever is meme knows his shit is limited, and works hard, because at any moment something else could come along ..."

"That kicks him of his horse. I love it. It's like pride is reinvented. Can you do this for the others? "

"Well, with pride, I was about to get the camwhores, but let me think.... How is gluttony doing? People are still fat I hope? "

"Yea, but have you heard, it's not eating too much that makes you fat, it's genetics. So it's not really a sin. "

"And you believe this shit? I mean, it is what they were eating, dude. "

"Pope agreed to it. Must be true. That is the rules. "

"Okay, so we have to redefine gluttony in a way that the pope agrees to....... I am thinking, hoarding. I am thinking, hoarders level hoarding. Just, retaining stuff after stuff after stuff, for stuffs sake. Extensive collections, and such. Takes over for gluttony. It has three heads of affairs, that get replaced by People who manage to amass a better collection then them. The  qualifiers are quality, quantity and rarity, who has the best gets the most say. "

"That would cause them to bicker amongst themself, and try to .... Oh my god, a hunger for ressources that drives gluttony to hunt new members. I love it. "

"Lust and Fornication... That's easy. Exposurewhores. "

"Exposurewhores? What are those? "

"Simple. People who post things for clicks. Or, to make it as broad as possible, who share to get liked. You have Zuckerberg on the Line here? "

"Nope. He has not died yet. "

"Shame. Get a cable up and ask Larry Flint or the Playboy Guy if they would want the place. Promise them staff, exposure, and time off in purgatory. "

"But why? I mean, I can see why the founder of playboy would want to be Lust... "

"Easy. Once Zuckerberg dies, put him in as a replacement, and say that he gets replaced by the next person who leads the most successfull social media empire. "

"That can be arranged, but I am curious, why?"

"Who do you think is best suited for determining who shares things just because they want to be liked? Someone who has to look at each case, or someone who can just check how much people posted with a press of the button?"

"Self explanatory. Real luck that you ended up here, and not for the other side. "

"Greed... greed is tough. "

"You shovelled that grave yourself. "

"I said tough, not impossible. Give me.... Give me all people who have to have the newest stuff, and then brag about it. The people who not only hunger for new stuff, but have to brag about it to others bcause they hunger for their approval. "

"Nice. I am guessing the greed is based on how long between a tech gadget purchase and ..."

"Nope. Simple formula. Value of the tech gadget purchase divided by remaining life time times personal value at the time of death. "

"That is... evil. "

"Pride is eviler. Simply put, everyone who thinks it neccessary to convince someone by words instead of by example. "

"Wow..... And the Pride person...."

"Let them argue amongst themself who is the most worthy to lead...."

"Oh dear, that... that is diabolical. "

"Despair.... Let that be the humblebraggers. Everyone who complains about problems just to be told that their problems are not that bad, and that they are fine. "

"How would you..."

"Popular appointment of all present. Can you imagine how it must sting if all the dead hipsters decide per vote you are the person that has the most problems? "

"That is tough. You have something for wrath in mind? "

"Yep. Everyone who is intentionally a dick to someone else. Like, intentionally acting stupid. People who are accidentially dicks to each other will go straight to heaven. That will shake things up for a bit..."

"Even if they deserve it? "

"Yep. Wrath does not need a leader. Can you imagine trying to argue for leadership in a club where the one rule is, be as much of a dick to each other as possible?"

"Very cute. But I see your point. If you argue against wrath it would be like kicking  hornets nest..."

"Vainglory...." 

"I am guessing it has to do something with internet again? "

"Nope. Vainglory is the only position you let people apply for. "

