Timothy hid in a janitor's closet, holding the mop's handle like it would save him. Outside, he could hear the mob of people rush past. They were looking for him. They were hollering and chanting. Someone had bongos.

He shivered in the closet. All it would take is someone to open the door and peek their head in and it would all be over. He clutched the mop's handle even tighter. 

"Praise be Tim, the Almighty!" They shouted. "May he love and protect us forever!"

Tim closed his eyes and shuddered.

He never asked for this. He was born an immortal - it happened every few centuries. By the time the Earth was uninhabitable, there had been quite a number of them. Each was chosen to watch over a different generation ship while humanity sailed through space to its new home. 

He would have taken his chances on Earth if he'd known this was going to happen.

As the generations came and went, the younger ones began to look up to Tim as a role model. He had loved that at first. He was the caretaker of the ship, after all, so shouldn't he be a good role model? But a few generations later, that admiration turned into devotion. Soon almost everyone on the ship was worshiping him as a god. They'd turned one of the communal halls into a Church of Tim. The whole ship met there every Sunday.

A few generations ago, Tim had make the mistake of telling everyone it was his birthday. Oh, how he wished he could take that back. Now, his birthday was a holiday. It was like Christmas and Easter all rolled into one. Everyone bought each other gifts, then the whole ship went looking for him so they could wish him a happy birthday, shower him with presents, and pray to him that he be kind and merciful to them for another year. 

Which brought him to today. The sounds outside the door began to die down a little bit. The crowd must have almost passed by his hiding place, but he wouldn't dare exit the closet until the lights dimmed and everyone went to sleep. 

Most of his birthday passed by without incidence. The crowd marched past another three times, singing louder every round. Toward the end of the day, though, a janitor popped in to grab his mop. 

As soon as the janitor locked eyes with his caretaker, his eyebrows jumped to his hairline and a giant smile crawled onto his face. He took in a deep breath, only for Tim to clock him on the jaw. He couldn't have his hiding place figured out right before the end of the day. Tim put a finger to his mouth and whispered, "Shhh." The janitor nodded vigorously and pulled out a small box wrapped in blue paper.

"I got this for you," he whispered. Tim made a pained expression, but thanked him anyway. "I'll open it in my room," Tim assured the man. "Now go on. And don't tell anyone where I am."

Ten minutes after the janitor had left, Tim sneaked into a bathroom and hid in the stall until the lights dimmed. It was much easier to sneak around during the "night." He made his way into the control room, only having to duck into an alcove to avoid his passengers eight times.

Tim turned on the communication console. Eleven other immortals were in the chat room right now, too. They all greeted him and wished him a happy birthday once he logged on. Tim thanked them, then listened as they resumed their conversations. A lot of the other immortals had the same problem as him, though they all enjoyed the attention and didn't find it hard to walk around. Tim wished he could be like that, but he hated it every time a little kid smiled up at him with big, round eyes like he was something greater than he was.

"Hey," Tim said when there was a lull in the conversation, "how much longer do we have until we get to planet 3XB10?" 

A couple immortals laughed. Joey hummed as she typed in some calculations. "It looks like it'll take another five hundred and twenty years before we reach the solar system it's in," she answered.

Tim put his head in his hands and groaned.

Edit: spelling