"Revenge... I can respect that but,"

"You can Respect that?! You think I give a damn about your respect?!" roared the T-Rex. "Here we are, on my mother fucking space ship, a living collection of Gaia Life from over 2 million years ago that's been self-sustaining itself while floating through deep space, and YOU can Fucking Respect, my desire for revenge?"

"Look, I get it alright? But destroying that Asteroid Belt can have some far reaching effects you haven't thought of yet." Or perhaps the T-Rex did in fact realize destroying the asteroid belt would certainly put the Earth in grave danger.

"Far-reaching effects... yes human, tell me about your species incredible 'visionary' prowess," He snarled. He stood from his chair and walked to the glass walling of his office and looked out to the Vast Artificial Life Dome. The sun was setting and the sky was burnt orange and deep reds, resting atop the dense dark green foliage. A River winded amongst the vegetation. 

"You crave security," a suddenly contemplative T-Rex spoke. "Your 'vision' is nothing more then a prescription, an attempted antidote to dull your crippling sense of fear."

"We can SEE that destroying the Belt has a high chance of destroying the Earth, OUR Home!" I irrupted. "Just come home! Show resilience, not hard headed carnage," I was stumbling for anything to convince him otherwise. "Think of all the life still ON earth. Just come back with us."

Still staring out into the Dome, the T-Rex took a deep, slow, deliberate breath as he turned to face me.

"Your fear destroys mystery. All stories, tales, fables -- all things mysterious come to an end thanks to your advance 'visionary' mind. You fail to see that the story is still ongoing, the mystery.... still mysterious."

With a dip of his head, a slight swing of his tail, and the faintest gesture with his left arm, the T-Rex invited me to the Dome Glass Wall, to look outward at this inexplicable creation.

"You see, you are aboard Earth's most infamous ship! And, you are so very lucky to witness the ending of this chapter."

Infamous ship, he doesn't mean...

"I'm sure you've read the book, but fortunately the real life playing out is much more exhilarating and doesn't end with doves and olive branches. Let's head to the outer observatory, shall we?"

"You can't do this."

"Ah, but I can, and we must. The Destructive Flood of Humanity is soon coming to an end."