The cereal is soggy and bland. Like my life. I stare at the dripping spoonful as I hold it over the bowl. This has become something of a morning ritual for me, this existential crisis of self. Maybe I should start writing poetry.

“Ready?”

I shove the spoon in my mouth and nod, a little milk dribbling down my chin. Shannon gives me a quick, good morning sort of hug before throwing a couple slices of bread into the toaster. I haven’t told her how I’ve been feeling. With the therapy, and everything, I didn’t want to put anything else on her plate. God knows she’s dealing with enough already.

“How was your breakfast?”

It’s so forced, her question. Strained. My answer will be the same.

“Good.”

I stand and gather up the bowl and the cheap bag---we can’t afford the real cereal. It’s fine. I tell myself that every morning. I will never be...successful.

I shouldn’t let it bother me like I do. The truth is that a lot of my money, money I’ve worked hard for, goes to Shannon’s meds, her therapy, her hospital bills...but it’s fine. I knew what I signed up for when I married her.

Her shoes click on the kitchen tile as she heads off for the bathroom, and I put the dishes in the sink. I rinse them, like she asks me to, staring at the wall like there must be something behind it. Today is not a good day.

The toast pops up with a clang. She likes her toast a little bit burned. I like mine just right. But it’s ok. We’ve made it work so far.

“Aaron!”

She bursts out of the bathroom toward me, eyes glistening.

My first reaction is to run. What happened to me? I used to care so much for her. I used to hold her and tell her everything would be just fine, that I was here and while I was here, nothing could get her. Now her breakdowns make me want to leave. To find someone else to deal with her problems. Maybe that is best.

“Are you ok?”


She collapses onto me and I stumble back.

“Aaron. Aaron.” She looks up, tears filling her eyes. “You’re alive. You’re ok.”


I nod, forcing my face into a sympathetic one. “Yeah. I’m fine.”

I should wrap my arms around her. But I don’t.

There is a different sort of look in her eyes this time---realer, more painful. And she’d only been in there about 15 seconds. This was far worse than any of her others. “I thought I lost you forever.” And she buries her head in my chest again.

“You...what?”

She nods into my chest. “You’re still here.”

I pull her away, confused. “Of course I’m still here. Shannon, what’s wrong? What’s going on?”

Her eyes widen as she points back “We only have five minutes. C’mon.”

She tries to pull me toward the bathroom. 

“Five minutes for what?”

“Until the portal closes!”

“Shannon…” She will be hurt by the pity in my voice, but I cannot hide it. I've been trying for too long. I am only one man.

She stops. “Aaron. I know. I know what this looks like. But---”

I cut her off with a shake of my head. “Please. Dr. Cooper will be waiting.”

“No. I---I wrote you something!” She begins scrabbling at her pockets desperately. “No, it's here, it's…” She trails off, her hands slowing. “Where is it, Aaron? The picture, the letter?”

I stare at her. This is not the woman I fell in love with. “Shannon…” I pick my words carefully. “Shannon, I can't do this anymore.”

“What?”

“This.”

*********

When I tell Dr. Cooper what she's told me, it is not hard to have her institutionalized. I feel bad, in a way, but there are no other options. Then I wonder if I was just looking for a way out. I don't think so. This is what I have to do. 

It's around 3 am when I finally get back to my apartment, and I realize it's been nearly three days since I left. My cereal bowl is still in the sink, and the milk has begun to smell. I'll take care of it later. 

I'm not sure what to do with myself. I try to sleep, but I won't come. Probably won't for a few days. When the guilt begins to ease. I roll out of my bed and shuffle to the bathroom. The sun is just beginning to come up. I stare at my reflection---there are heavy bags under my eyes, and I look exhausted. I am exhausted.

I am about to turn on the faucet when I notice something in the sink. It's a picture. Odd. I hold it up in the dim light, examining it. It's the inside of a house, or apartment. Much, much nicer than this one. It's sleek and modern, with dark countertops and striking accents. I am about to set it down when I notice there is writing on the back. I turn it over slowly. The handwriting is familiar. 

*Aaron,*

*There is far too much to explain that what I am able to write here. It has been nearly 900 years in this world, but* *they have told me you will still be alive. I can only hope that you are. My episodes are not what you think,* *what I once thought. They are glimpses, glimpses of another world at which I arrived today. This is our new* *home, Aaron. I hope desperately that you will come with me. It is hard for me to picture your face, and that* *makes me afraid. But I still remember what it was like when you were there, and I knew that I would never be* *afraid again. Please, come back with me. A wonderful life awaits us.*

*I love you,*

*Shannon*
