I'm lost. I've been wandering for I don't know how long, but these street signs I don't recognize, these landmarks make no sense. I feel disoriented, it's throwing off my sense of direction. I left the device what feels like days ago, but could it have been this afternoon? Could it have been a week?

I remember it was Patch Road, Patch and 35th. But was it Street? Avenue? Place? Everyone I've talked to knows even less than I do. They seem lost in their own city, wandering aimlessly, scared, confused, dazed. I've looked at maps, but there is no Patch Road, and when I try to get directions from an attendant or police officer they respond with the same questions I've been asking for days.

I've noticed they all seem to be gravitating towards the center of the city. I tried following them for a little while but their paths are crooked, as if they have to check every street ok their way to their destination. The roads are wet with precipitation, almost too slick in spots, people are sliding and falling every few feet. The ground seems uneven. Everything seems unhinged. 

I get this strange feeling that I jumped once too much. I recognize some of these faces, people I was before, from times that I've been before. Am I hallucinating? Sometimes I walk down the same road and the buildings look different. Things don't fit. It's like a glitch in the fucking matrix. Am I losing my mind? Have I been too many places? I have been too many people? I can't remember my name sometimes, people's voices change mid sentence, names get switched around, it's like my brain is shuffling information like a deck of cards. 

The only thing I can seem to focus on is walking further and further out of the city. I don't know how far I've walked, my feet hurt, and I'm hungry, but that seems to be the only proof that it's been any time at all. There's something telling me if I keep heading this way I'll find what I'm looking for, whatever that is. Something seems familiar here. Am I home? Is this my time? 

I've seemed to have grown a following though. They stay a distance back, observing me. I think they're trying to decide if I'm trustworthy, or if I even know where I'm going. I don't. My hope is that they're friendly, but some of them look aggitated. Maybe they're just as anxious as me. I probably seem a bit on edge. 

The buildings have stopped, I'm guessing this is the edge of town. I need to keep going. There has to be 200 people behind me now. They're all silent, it's creepy, but it's almost comfortable. Like I know them somehow. I don't know where this road will take me, but I know it's the only way. The sun is starting to set, I should probably pick up the pace.





