  

“Did we hit it dad?”

The shaken  voice speaks up from the back of the stopped pickup truck. As David looks through the cracked windshield and at the rising steam from the hood he can only chuckle at his sons words. 

“Yeah buddy, I think we hit it. If I tell you to stay in the truck I know you won’t listen so let me look first and then you can come out.” David has already started to rummage through the front of the farm truck for the pair of leather work gloves he knows are buried somewhere in the passenger seat. As he locates the gloves next to a Leatherman multitool, which grabbed with the gloves, he unbuckles himself and steps out of the truck on to the gravel road.

David considered himself lucky that he had only been going at thirtyish kilometers per hour. Daniel had wanted to look at the winter wheat fields and see if the small herd of deer still walked across it most mornings. As David looked at the smashed in front of his truck he realized the deer might not be around for others reasons. 

Mixed in with the growing puddle of coolant and the gravel road was the blackish blood of what David had hit. Looking around to whatever he may of hit he quickly spied a small trail of the blackish blood leading to the overgrown ditch. 

Not wanting to get any closer than he needed to he quickly walked back to the truck and grabbed the long handled shovel that lay amongst the now unsecured truck boxes contents. “Can I come out now?” Daniel’s impish voice called out. David knew he would keep asking him like any other 11 year old would until he relented, or worse just appear at his side before he said anything. “You might as well you little imp, I know you already took your seatbelt off and have your phone ready.” With the lack of an immediate response David knew he guessed correctly. 

Sure enough the gangly preteen stood outside the truck in a few heartbeats looking at the dented bumper and cracked grill. As David walk passed him to the ditch s son followed a few steps behind. David knew his son was starting to copy a lot of what he did and the next few years would be tough on both of them. 

As he reached the spot in the ditch he figured the creature to be at he knew he didn’t need to worry as much as had been. Firmly with his gloved hand he reached down and grabbed the exposed black feathered wing and quickly pulled it back onto the road.

As he looked at the spread out corpse he could hear the shutter sounds of Daniel’s phone going off. David didn’t stop his son but he didn’t approve. At his age the idea of a Harpy, and everything else that now roamed the earth, existing had been only through mythology or CGI. Last year the Farmers Almanac had started to include the cryptozoology section and what was a pest and what was helpful on the farmstead. As he toed the body gently looking for any reaction from the dead creature he knew firsthand how the harpy had fit into the section. The feathered nine foot wingspan supported a body slightly smaller than his son and the poorly tanned and joined deer hide covered a human and raven hybrid. As they had driven down the road the Harpy had rushed out of the ditch, most likely devouring some road kill or a small creature it caught, out of surprise. Their wrinkled human visage hadn’t made them any friends when the Event happened and their tendency to abscond with tools, small pets, or anything else they could steal didn’t endear them to anyone like certain Mythos creatures had.

As his son kept taking pictures David was thankful this Harpy had covered itself in the bits of hide. The too human part of them extended to the top half which had led to another worldly problem that didn’t quite have a solution but had its share of online deviants that started underground websites and their own brand of, disgusting in David’s mind, literature. The main one called itself ‘Zues approved’.

Turning around to Daniel, who was no doubt posting the images to his friends, he handed him the shovel. “Start digging a hole in the ditch now that you have your pictures. I’m going to look in the almanac and see what else we should know.” A surprising number of the mythological stories had been overstated, understated, or had been lost to time. As he found the book from the truck and started to find the page he was recalling what he knew about the Harpy status. They didn’t count as human or humanlike as their speech and intelligence put them on the same level as monkeys, they didn’t have poisonous flesh, or a venomous bite.  Reading along the page he realized he knew almost each line by heart. Small groups, non-threatening unless cornered, non-protected status.

Realizing the truck wouldn’t move anytime soon he also sent a text off to the farm so they could send whoever was available.  One of the surprisingly helpful Mythos creatures his farm had been the centaurs. They hadn’t quite taken to technology but had embraced the roll of cattle wrangler. The law was still a little behind as to how their pay would work or if they could legally own a firearm, something they were drawn to more than anyone could have guessed,  but it didn’t take the revenue service long to start taking taxes or for you to need a rider on your insurance policy as they counted as magical wildlife for some reason. 

As the sounds of the shovel working the earth hit David’s ears he knew the day would be a write off but at least the truck was covered and insured for everything short of a Dragon , class 3. 