 He didn't know what was about to happen.

If He knew, He would had run away, faster than even his ship could muster.

Away from that choice. The choice he took, denying any other possibility for humanity.

[Area B127Q Sector 1 (B127Q), Deep space, Unexplored

Distance from Earth: // ly (unknown)

Time passed: 6 years 9 months 4 days (as indicated by on-board machinery)

Notable events: ...]

Captain Felix stopped writing. He was in the command room, accessible only by him. He passed most of the last 13 hours in here. The command room was basically useless. It was nothing but experimental pieces of technology which were supposed to be useful in unexpected situations. Of course, all them worked only "theoretically". Almost everything broke or straight up exploded as soon as the ship entered light speed travel. It was just a recurring joke between the crew members. The only working thing was, surprisingly enough, the ECST (Earth Communication System Terminal). 

Until 13 hours ago.

He stepped inside for his usual report to Earth Control. As he was writing, just like now, he suddenly stopped. A loud beep screamed through the usually quiet room, like a beep from hell itself. Felix quickly located the source of the sound, not so difficult thanks to the intermittent red light which would become his joy and his despair for the rest of his life.

The words UFC were engraved by a laser on the tag of cold metal glued to the black computer. He knew this pretty well. Unidentified Foreign Communications. The big guys and the best science guys of the planet were very excited when they introduced it to him. It was "theoretically" indestructible. Even if the ship was blown to pieces by a Super Nova, the UFC wouldn't even have a scratch. It stopped reporting back to Earth, so it was assumed to be dead. Its work wasn't complicated: catch any signal, probe it for any kind of pattern, archive and send to Earth. There was even a "translation" feature, which was more of a way for ~~Dr. Veliç to suck his own d~~

That was what triggered the alert.  The translation feature. 

He pressed a button.

"Warning! You are within  @#£*'rhgn&¥∆... (Err)'s borders. Your vehicle has been deemed unauthorized. Please, contact the nearest Council affiliated Planet/Service Station as soon as possible. At the senses of Article 28 of the Sovereignty and Free Circulation Convention, any other action will be deemed as criminal and the nearest Operative Task Force will be deployed at your location.

*This message was translated to you by ....(Err) Academy & Associates*"

Cold sweat dropped down his spine. He checked the transmitter on his wrist. No messages. That meant that there were no interferences nor changes on the radar. But it was obvious it was wrong. There had been a contact. The first thing he did was stopping the ship. Without explanation. In the middle of nowhere. Everybody thought he was crazy. That the space was messing with his mind. An explanation would only worsen things, despite the training and the protocols.

And so 13 hours had passed. 

The Captain looked again at the ECST.

[Notable events: None. Continuing the exploration.

*End of report*]

Part 1

PS: I don't know if I'll continue, I hope I do. I stopped because it's late and I have to sleep. Let me know what you think of this.




