I pressed the call button on my comm crystal. The same one that I’d been keeping under twelve pillows as obnoxiously fluffy as they were ludicrously expensive. The terrible screeching it had been making, along with the bright red flashing light really killed the mood in what was an otherwise luxurious mansion, more expensive than any other in known existence. The little jingle of an outgoing call played at exactly 4pm solarium time. At the same time I held my finger tentatively over the end call button, poised and ready to strike. A gravely voice came over the line, barking out its name, credentials, and the command word written into my contract that required me to answer its questions for at least the next 20 minutes.
 
As his voice was reaching the end of his sentence my finger hit the end button out of habit. See Sergey has been trying to reach me for months. As per our original promise I call in at 4 the last Friday of every month and have a 20 minute debriefing on the events and goings on of the vault planet, named uncrackable. Although at this point it’s more ironic than impressive. The first few of these calls they forgot that if I deemed it a threat I could hang up unless they identify themselves and speak the code word within two seconds. Reluctantly I hit the call button once again, I really should get this jingle changed it’s so boring. Sergey’s voice once again boomed over the speaker in a thick Thelurian accent. “You *^%(&*& I said the code word in time.”

“Sorry Soggy my boy I wasn’t expecting you to figure it out this soon.” I took a long sip of my ambrosia before continuing, and yes it is as expensive as the name would suggest. “As you know I have to answer your questions for the next twenty minutes, but before we start.” I say in a serious tense tone “I missed the last half of the Fibs game did you catch who won?” 

“Listen you sniveling little *&^*^% you are going to disarm that planets defenses right now and return every dollar you took from that vault or so help me you won’t ever see starlight again” Sergey boomed over the crystal, rudely ignoring my question. I hmphed back at his surly attitude. 

“Sorry Serger no can do I’ve got the planet on lockdown, no one comes in or out without my go ahead. If I recall correctly you definitely weren’t on my guest list the last time I threw an ahem security council meeting.” I looked around at the party streamers, and empty alcohol bottle strewn about my honestly inconveniently large living room from said “security council meeting”. 

I could hear the popping sound of Sergey’s second aneurism through the crystal, before his deep voice flowed into the room in a tightly controlled display of calm. “Head of security general Dale.” I cut him off as my name came through his lips.
 
“Sergury buddy I changed my name on the security system to Meme Lord, if you’re using official commands you’re gonna have to use my official name.”

“Head of security general Meme Lord” he reluctantly amended, shattering whatever he had been holding in his hand by the sound of it. “I command you to disarm my vault planet’s defenses, relieve yourself of your position and turn yourself in as per contract through my authority as comptroller A7.” I could hear the smugness in his voice as he knew I was stuck. You see I have this little inconvenience where I can’t lie, which also means my word is supernaturally binding on myself. It’s actually the whole reason I got this gig running the biggest bank in the 10 solar systems. I thought I was doomed when I first lost the bet with Loki that stuck me with this curse, but some real big shots where real interested in a verified truther. See people get oddly trusting when they find out you can’t lie. There’s this stigma that you must be a fundamentally good person too. I’d correct them if anyone bothered to ask, not because I want to of course. Some company snatched me up, had me sign some four hundred page carefully written contract made binding by my little gift. 

I’m sure the smile reached my voice as I replied, “No can-do Segway my friend I fired you last month.”
“You what?” came the droll disbelieving reply.

“Ya sorry man I had to use my clearance to protect the vault, just had this weird suspicion you might try to hurt Ol Uncrackables interest’s and used my emergency defense clearance to fire you. Listen you’re a good guy okay, you ever need a reference for your next job give them my number.”

“Mister Dale… Meme Lord, how did you manage to break our contract?” came a defeated sigh.
“Saggy my boy I did no such thing, I assure you all is well here and I’m following the contract to the letter. No one goes in or out of the vault but me, I never leave the planet, hell I even keep the emergency defenses on all the time.” Of course, the emergency defenses where what was stopping the literal galaxy worth of military from storming my personal planetoid mansion but why sweat the details.

“I keep a careful ledger of all the spending I do to defend this horde, just last week I brought in some android hookers. Now don’t worry turns out it was just me being overcautious. Their tech wasn’t enough to get in, but I had to work overtime to test out all their formidable features. I stayed up half the night with all the tests I ran through them. Anyways Segmeister that’s your twenty minute debrief and I even threw in an extra five as an apology for hanging up on you ok. I’ll talk to you next Friday 4 sharp like we agreed.” I heard the beginnings of what the world’s longest, most frustrated Thelurian shout as I gingerly clicked the end call button once again. 
Today I’m going see if this planet’s main thruster's have enough juice to get me close to the Coralei comet, apparently it produces some of the best scotch money can buy. If there’s one thing I have plenty of it’s money for buying. 