In the middle of the barren gray Da’Farko and Karshen took turns forming and exploding stars as they schemed against their immortal elders. Countless cycles of repeated debates led nowhere while others did nothing but complain about the lack activity. During the universe the immortals were separated and rarely encountered each other. Since the end of the universe immortals had no choice but to interact with each other. There had always been a distance between fellow immortals as well as a tension between those that decided to compete with others over their creations or claimed territories. The fact that there was nothing left only made that tension stronger and Da’Farko and Karshen were tired of dealing with it.

“I loathe the boredom forced upon us by the firsts.” Stated Da’Farko with a scowl. “We will create our own universe. A beautiful universe.”

“The firsts are greedy.” Protested Karshen. “They do not share their secrets yet expect us to wait. We lack their knowledge.”

“They roar if we do not let them ignore us yet they cannot make a decision.” Said Da’Farko. “We will do things our own way. We do not need their secrets.”

Karshen turned his attention to Da’Farko with eyebrows raised.
“You do not know how to create time.” He asserted. “And the firsts have knowledge on how to create life. Knowledge that was only passed to their first descended.”

“As I had mentioned we do not need their secrets.”

“You mean to re-create those means?” Karshen asked in skeptical tone.

“No.” Da’Farko stated with a confident smile as she turned her gaze towards Karshen. “I already know their means.”

“Impossible.” Karhsen stated in disbelief. “The firsts keep their secrets guarded well.”

Da’Farko closed the distance between the two of them and gently cupped Karshen’s face in her hands.

“You mentioned yourself that the firsts are greedy. They speak only of their greed even now. They do not see where their secrets truly are.”

“Then why not start now?” Karshen excitedly stated. “We can finally end all of this.”

“They are greedy Karshen. Not stupid.”

“Then we convince the others. They will not find fault in our reasoning and I’m sure some are even planning on doing the same. We have the means and have made a decision when the firsts have not.”

“None of the others are planning the same.” Da’Farko said with a smile.

Karshen took Da’Farko’s hands from his face and placed a soft kiss on each one. 

“Then we convince them. We have power that they do not.” He said returning a smile.

“That is not so easily done. And if we fail the firsts will not forgive us. It will not just be death.”

“If we succeed it will be more than just a solution. And we will make a new universe.”

They smiled at each other one final time before destroying the remaining stars in the distance. As the final star exploded with a thunderous boom they made their way towards their fellow immortals.
