I can't stop you from trying to find more meaning in my words. I type away on my phone to this prompt since I find it intriguing. I am writing this as free form poetry. It's the same style I've used to write about depression in the past. On a few occasions I used it to write about some happy memories, but it was all mostly about my negative emotions. I would include metaphors and simile. An occasional idiom included sarcastically to try and convey my displeasure. I wrote about abuse. I wrote about unrequited love. I wrote about watching the sunrise. I wrote to help deal with my issues after a psychologist suggested it. The first time I wrote like this I was in the middle of a panic attack some time late at night. I wrote one giant paragraph and sent it to a good friend via email. Since then, I wrote to help sort my thoughts more and more. At least until I started to recover from my severe depression. In the process of recovery I showed the psychologist all my previous writings. My long monologues of struggling with thoughts of suicide. My short poem dedicated to the memory of a person I knew who died a while ago. My contemplation on the existence of a higher power. I showed them all to try and get help. And I got the help I needed. And during my recovery was the last time I wrote this way. I wrote about my identity. It was something that basically boiled down to "I am." Not romanticized, nor cynical. It was a pragmatic view. It was that frame of thought that helped me through the last stretch of my recovery. By now you may wonder why I chose to write using that same style, and the answer is quite simple really: I'm not great at writing in stanza or with rhyme and I can never find when to start a new paragraph, so why not just let the words flow out in a stream? Because it's easy. It's easy to just put the first thing that comes to mind down. So why did I decide to write this? I'll admit, it's a little more than just being intrigued. It's so that someone may try to find deeper meaning though I only wrote facts. I think it'll be fun to see whatever responses I get. If no one responds I'll probably promptly forget this post and move on with my life. Either way, my phone is getting low on battery so I'm going to wrap this up.

Edit: [low battery proof](https://imgur.com/a/XTqQI)