It was the year 3018. Things were very quiet. The universe hummed to itself in a deep harmonious baritone. There were no more wars. That was because all conflict could be resolved at the source: thoughts and intentions. There were no more bodies — no sort of physical representation of life. Everyone who currently existed did so as a small glowing ball of light, similar to a lightning bug flitting about after the sun has gone down. 

Everyone was pure energy, pure consciousness. There was no more murder or starvation. That made the world an awful lot better place to live compared to when souls inhabited physical bodies and disagreed about who to worship or what type of government to have. But now, after over three thousand years after a thin middle eastern man died on a cross, there was also no more sex, no more kissing, no more art. Everything that needed figuring out had been figured out. Knowledge was free and was openly transmitted from each glowing ball to the next. Everyone was on the cutting edge of the here and now.

This particular small ball of cream colored light floated in a formless grey space. There were no edges and no corners. The ball of light could be anywhere it wanted in an instant. It needed only to think where, and it would re-materialize instantaneously. This ball of light had not asked to exist. It had simply flickered into being one instant hundreds of years ago. It was nothing and then it was something. It sat in an area of the grey light that was slightly dimmer than the rest. It felt more comfortable floating in this space because it did not want to be noticed. It didn't want to be noticed because it was thinking about something. It had a problem, which was a very rare thing indeed in the year 3018. The ball of light was wondering why, when all this knowledge was imparted upon it from the moment of its creation, was there a feeling of emptiness deep in the center of its being, a feeling of something missing.

Surely someone knew the answer. The creamy light began floating through the open space. It was looking for another ball of light. It thought that perhaps if it were to find someone else floating in the infinite expanse, it might be able to ask it if it also felt the same feeling of hollowness deep inside. Rather than instantaneously transporting itself to another ball of light, the creamy light decided to float along in space the old fashioned way: by way of motion through space and time. It was after an inordinately long length of time that the creamy light found another orb to communicate with. Since neither orb had a body, neither of them aged. They looked identical except for the shade of light that emitted from each. The creamy light greeted the other orb with a flicker. The other orb — one a shade of cornflower blue — did not respond at first. It didn't respond because it was very confused. It had never been communicated with in its entire existence. After a moment, It did what any decent orb would do and responded with an identical flicker. The creamy light was delighted, and began flickering in a staccato pattern while exchanging thoughts with the blue light.

It asked the blue light whether it was happy. The blue light responded telepathically with an enthusiastic 'Yes!'. It lived in a time devoid of conflict, of free knowledge and immortality. What was there to be unhappy about? The creamy light politely responded, "Yes, yes of course you are right." It floated away, leaving the blue light in the grey void.

Days, years, millennia passed. The creamy light traveled the universe. Here and there it happened upon yet another ball of light. Each time it would say hello and ask the other whether it was happy. Every time the other orb would respond with yes, and the creamy light felt each time a little more sad, a little more alone. It was only after it had searched so long that it did not have the motivation to seek out any more orbs that it found itself in an unusual place. It had found some sort of edge in the greyness. The fuzz gave way to a hard line that was inked in a blackness. Beyond the line was continued darkness. There was no sense of space and it extended as far as the creamy light could see. The creamy light looked very hard through the blackness and eventually found a pinprick or light off in the distance, smack in the middle of the blackness. It stared at it and felt scared and excited and bewildered all at once. A feeling welled up inside of the creamy light and it floated into the blackness. It was cold and large and it boomed with silence. As the creamy light traveled toward the pinprick it began getting larger. Speed gradually increased and before the creamy light knew it, it was hurdling toward the white at a speed it could no longer control. There was a force greater than it. The white swallowed the creamy orb and everything stopped.

At that same instant a mother screamed and a baby emerged, wet and red, from her. It wailed, high pitched, and was wiped down and swaddled and handed to its mother. Love flowed, warm and soft, between mother and daughter.