I didn’t think I would be a police officer on one of these runs, but hey, it seemed appealing.

Usually, I stick to the normal office jobs, boring stuff, you know? Paperwork, coffee breaks, whatever.

Turns out, it’s pretty much the same, except sometimes, I get to drive out and hunt some idiot down for breaking the law. There’s also the jargon which I didn’t actually bother learning about. I just wave my hand and they hear what they wanna hear, so that one less annoyance gone at the very least. Generally though, it’s been some of the most ‘general’ fun I’ve had that didn’t involve a relationship. 

Of course, there *would* be that one time where shit gets flipped on its back and get forced to take a rod to the throat. And that my friends, happened one quiet night during a little patrol I decided to do.

I say patrol, but I was just dozing off in a parking lot when I got a call from the office that there’s something going on in a nearby neighborhood. Someone screaming for help, then the call cut off. 

Now, the first thing to come to mind was, ‘Oooooo! Something interesting!’ So I headed over, excited for what I’ll find. I kept bouncing in my seat, giggling. Yup, giggling. Fuck you, I do what I want. 

Back to reality, I got to the address I was given and it immediately made me grin. The house I was in front of was broken down and decrepit, made of dying wood and shit. 

Suddenly the radio crackled to life and I answered just as quick, saying that nothing is happening and that I don’t need back up.

“HELP ME!” I smirked. Nothing at all. This is *my* fun.

I parked my car and ran towards the house, following where the scream came from. Pulling out the gun they gave me with one hand, I illuminated the way with  my pocket torch in the other. “HEY! WHO’MST IN THERE?”

I stepped up into the porch and I immediately knew that I would be able to hear any footsteps. It’s *that* kind of floor.

I kicked down the door, which wasn’t hard, and was faced with what looked like some alien crab or something. Think Half Life. It screeched at me and tried to lunge at my face, before exploding from the bullet I shot at it. 

As I stared at it’s lifeless corpse, I knelt down to see what exactly I was looking at.

“What are bullets, but high velocity knives?” I echoed from a recent memory. As I did, the floor in front of me started creaking like people were running on it.

“HELP US!” Three teens, two guys and a girl, came into view, something hulking behind them. I let them run as I stood my ground, wanting a look at who was chasing them. “HEY! PLEASE!”

“Just get behind me.” I simply said as I escorted them outside slowly, closing the door I kicked down behind me. Surprisingly, as we walked (well, *I* walked. Those lunatics ran.) out onto the yard of the house, nothing happened. 

“Alright, so what seems to be the problem?” I calmly asked the poor saps. What followed next was a blabbering mixture of crying, puking and trying to explain what just happened with frantic words. I was able to piece together something concrete though. Something something teenage podcast, something something, trying to get famous, something two guys dead, something something aliens are real and tried to devour them.

“Mmhmm, alright. I can handle this.” I nodded with my hands on my hips. 

One of the guys ran up to me, panting heavily. He looks like he’s been through shit. “WHAT?! DID YOU EVEN SEE IT?! HOW ARE YOU GOING TO-“ Before he could finish, the door exploded open and I turned around to meet a giant worm thing. Like... a centipede on mega steroids, if that makes sense.

It was huge, that’s for sure. I mean, hey, what kind of monster isn’t more effective when it’s big? When it’s abilities do the talking for them, duh. Like, that crab spider. Probably was trying to leech onto my mouth or something and I’m getting off topic here.

“SHOOT IT! KILL IT!” I remembered where I was and looked up at the massive, goopy, fleshy worm. Putting away my gun, I just turned to the group and started pushing them towards my car. “I’m going to need you guys to get in the car. I’ll handle this.” They didn’t even wait before running and shoving themselves into the backseat of my squad car.

The alien let out a guttural howl behind me and I winced. “Goddamnit. As if something actually manages to be more annoying than nails on a goddamn chalkboard.” I snapped my fingers as I walked to my car and instantly, the noise stopped, as if someone simply pressed the pause button. There was a deep rumbling before the slimy sound of something exploding, followed by goops of something hitting the ground. I saw the faces of the terrified idiots in my car as I got in and started the engine, “Told you.” 

“B-but... h-how... what... who are you...?” I revved up the engine as I looked at the mess of slime and disgusting body parts all over the place. With a wave of my hand, the area was clean and quiet once more.

“The name’s Bronwyn, if that helps.” I chuckled as I drove the poor kids down to the hospital.