July 3, 2018,

Cell 43A

"For years, the sound of hell itself flooded my apartment. The aroma of the antichrist himself hung in the air every morning, afternoon, evening, and midnight hour. When the bell struck 6 every night, the suffocating wrath of the beasts of fire and sin found its way into my humble abode. I was the only one who saw it, the only one who knew.

"It was my job to damn them as God would.

"I tried to appeal to the courts of man, only to be rejected on my mission. They would not grant me their arms, then? Fine. They would praise me as a saint in God's name eventually, but I knew I first had to equip myself to fight the coming battle. I meeded a special weapon. A weapon to deal damage to as wide an area of the beasts as possible. A weapon that could be easily repaired or replaced. A weapon to keep them at a distance. The one called a rake would do fine.

"I bided my time until the monsters had fallen asleep, their drivers long since gone. Slowly, stealthily, I moved to strike. I attacked the smallest ones first, the ones least likely to awaken. All dead. Good. I moved on up the food chain to the ones slightly larger, and the ones larger than them before I was stopped by demons who shone the lights of the devil onto me. I tried to flee, but I was blinded by their hellfire. They soon had me restrained, and try as I might, I could not escape them. They locked me up in a cell to await an appointment with the antichrist who sits upon the throne of bones in hell. 

"I swear with God as my witness I will escape and be recognized as the hero I am."

Todd and Jack looked at one another after watching her interrogation. Jack took a sip of his black coffee while the other wiped his brow with his hand.

"How much was in her system?" Todd asked, his voice clearly drained from an excess of bullshit.

"Enough to kill a small horse," Jack amswered, a soothing baritone that gave away no secrets of past experiences. "How she got that much heroine in the first place is anybody's guess."

"Fuck, how the hell is she still alive?"

"Beats the hell out of me. Charges are gonna be pressed for property damage. Then it's off to rehab, and 20 years prison after."

"If she doesn't plead insanity."

"She believes her delusions too much to deem it insanity."

"Maybe."

The two men stood in silence for a minute before Jack turned to leave. He had signed up for highway patrol in fifteen minutes. Todd stood watching her for a few more minutes.

"So you're one of the ones who know?" He whispered to himself. "Be careful. They'll be coming for you."