"Fuck, we're getting more satellite alerts off the coast of Alaska!" screamed president Hershey. "Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, we're done for!"

"Please calm down," placated his minister of defense. "We have warheads prepared to launch that will intercept the missiles above the Yukon. They will detonate in the stratosphere."

"You idiot. More like the stratopause or mesosphere," thought the minister of meteorology. He didn't say anything aloud because he felt as though he was very fortunate to be in this emergency meeting, and didn't wish to be recognized as non-essential. 

The minister of authority took charge. "Hershey, sir. Do you remember the launch codes?" The minister himself remembered the launch codes, but president Hershey was a very volatile and narcissistic man, and the minister felt that it would be wise to play a more passive, advisory role. "You chose them yourself. They were your favorite numbers."

"Yes, yes, of course I remember! Christ, how could I forget?" bellowed Hershey. "5138008, 6969696. Please! Let's prevent a nuclear holocaust!"

"Do I have your permission to launch, sir?" asked the minister of defense.

"Goddamnit, yes!" cried Hershey. "Hurry up!"

The minister of authority stepped up to a large panel of buttons and pressed a fat red one with a plastic label reading "LAUNCH." Two hundred miles away, engines roared to life and three missiles plunged into the night sky amidst a billowing column of smoke and vapor.

The president breathed a small sigh of relief. It was difficult being the most powerful man in the world, but it was also very rewarding. He was a savior. He imagined a bronze statue of himself, set upon a marble plinth on the White House lawn. He was holding an olive branch and a message carved into the marble read: "Oliver Hershey: remembered for his heroic bravery in the face of unimaginable adversity. To him alone we owe the majestic beauty of this planet which we call home." He smiled, ever so slightly. He felt a twinge of excitement. The parade down Pennsylvania Avenue would be a celebration like no other. It would be old-fashioned, with ticker tape and go-go dancers and cheerleaders with pom-poms and a man on stilts dressed as Uncle Sam and he, Oliver Hershey, flag in one hand, olive branch in the other, beaming and waving at the adoring masses. He couldn't wait.

"Um, sir, we may have a slight problem." He was interrupted by the minister of defense. 

The president felt a cool bead of sweat run down his forehead. "What is it?" he asked, trepidatiously.  

"It seems as though the missiles have disappeared," answered the minister of defense. "We are no longer receiving any readings from our radar. We searched well up into the troposphere and saw nothing."

"He means exosphere," thought the minister of meteorology, bitterly. 

"Is that a problem?" asked president Hershey.

"Strictly speaking, no," replied the minister of defense. "If the missiles do not reappear, we can easily pass this off as a successful mission."

The president prayed that the missiles remain lost. "Out of sight, out of mind," he told himself.

-----------------------------------------

It seemed his prayers were answered. The world did not erupt into a cataclysmic fireball, and president Hershey was hailed as the modern messiah. Headline after headline poured off the press:

"Hershey displays humble pride despite essential role in halting global destruction."
"Mahatma Hershey: a new icon for non-violence?"
"The Hershey Company to produce peace-sign shaped peanut butter cups in honor of US president."
"The second coming: is He already here?"

Oliver Hershey basked in the publicity. He freed his schedule of all policy-related appointments and spent each day in photoshoot after photoshoot. Time magazine, People magazine, Sports Illustrated, Better Homes and Gardens, Bon Appetit, even Playboy and Penthouse. They all wanted his picture. He pretended to acquiesce, but in reality he was thrilled. His face was everywhere, in every newsstand and corner store. He had never felt this sort of exaltation before. This, he thought, must be the apex of euphoria. The reason for human striving.

He was right.

On November 16th, he awoke to find the latest copy of the New York Times on his nightstand. He skimmed the headline, shook his head, and re-read it more carefully. No, he had gotten it right the first time. There, in bold black print, read:

"Hershey or dud? Declassified CIA documents reveal all nuclear warheads to be blanks."

As the morning wore on, more headlines poured in:

"Was there ever a threat? Nuclear weapons may have an expiration date."
"Hershey's lies a pitiful attempt to mask failure as success."
"Britian expresses concern at United States' 'startling show of weakness'."
"US president as impotent as his warheads."

In the early evening, Oliver Hershey appeared on CNN, in a misguided attempt to redeem himself. "The claims in these articles are false!" he blurted at a stone-faced reporter. "It's all lies, it's fake, they're trying to undermine me! I am a hero, you have me to thank for your lives, your welfare, the majestic beauty of the planet we call home!"

It didn't work.

As time wore on, Hershey's legacy faded into obscurity. In textbooks, his existence was memorialized first in a chapter, then a paragraph, then a footnote, and finally only the recommended reading list for highly motivated students. 

Many years later, a junior at Washington Peabody High School in Walla Walla prepared an extensive oral report on his life, but tragically died in an automobile accident the day the assignment was due. 

She was the last person who cared about president Oliver Hershey. 