I was not expecting Death to visit me. At first I thought he came to take me away because it was my time. When I opened the door I shouted "I just turned 18 and now I am going to die" at him. Death waved his boney finger side to side gesturing that I don't understand. "I have a gift for you, a gift that balances the universe." He then presented his scythe to me. He was right about me not understanding. Not. . . at. . . all. He just chuckled and left his scythe in my hand. I thought about telling my friends and family that death gave me his scythe but either they will believe and fear me or become a joke. I went with the joke option. I told everybody that I wanted to be an executioner of the wicked. After a couple of weeks there wad a public execution of a noble who betrayed the crown for money. His head came off after the executioner brought his axe down. The noble was still alive. "I feel nothing! Ah ha ha haaaa!" His body grabbed his head and put it back on his body. Everybody was in shock that he was still alive. He then began to chant. His family was known for having powerful fire magic. As he continued to chant the scythe appeared in my hand and time stood still. The man was frozen in time but as I got close to him, I felt nothing. Just peaceful bliss. When I touched him, he unfroze. He was still laughing until he saw me and the scythe. "You are death? I thought you would be more bones then flesh." I then asked him if he had any regrets in life. He told me that he regretted not giving his children a parting gift. I then pulled out a piece of paper and a quill for him to write. He wrote his letter and handed it to me. He accepted his death and after I swept the scythe, his soul was separated from the mortal plan. I then popped back to where I was standing. Everybody was behaving like they didn't just witness a man losing his head and lived. The scythe must have erased that moment from their memory. After I got home, Death was in my room giving me a thumbs up before he disappeared.