Project EXILE had seemed to be humming along just fine until the shift change on Thursday morning. Seemed. 

PFC Johnson was one of the few A51 staff members to be a Qualified Sensitive. Rumor had it there used to be more, but budget cuts took their toll as more and more money was devoted to recent saber rattling instead of ongoing domestic operations. 

And there weren't a lot of Qualified Sensitives to go around. That designation took a very special individual, one who possessed a very rare set of inherent skills, but didn't want anything from them. Someone who could be perfectly happy as a PFC for an entire career, in spite of being the hopefully unknowing backbone of the entire classified site. 

PFC Johnson possessed all the requisite characteristics. Incurious. Placid. Uncreative. Trusting enough in his superiors to take orders without question, in particular, the order to never, ever take orders from the man in Cell Block C. And willing to accept an entire career without a promotion based on some vague hand waving about how important it was that anyone working on Project EXILE never have "dominion over man." 

On Thursday morning he put on his uniform, like always. He picked up a tray of raw eggs and bacon, like always. He carried it through the mostly empty cell block, like always. He slid it under the door of the only occupied cell, like always. He waited by the papyrus covered iron door to see if the inmate had anything to say, like always. He waited in vain, like always. He walked to debriefing, like always. And he answered the only question he was asked each day with mild impatience, like always. 

Once debriefing was over he was clear to play video games until lunch, after all.

"How was the inmate this morning?"

PFJ Johnson scratched himself in a manner s PFC would normally be disciplined for doing in front of a superior officer, and said, in words that lit up security and diplomatic lines world wide moments later:

"I dunno. Seemed different this morning, I guess. Dunno why. Just a feeling."

And then he played video games while the world screamed into action. 

A swat team stormed Cell Block C. Twelve virgin men consecrated as clergy in no fewer than thirty seven faiths (three apiece, except for one try-hard marine core officer at four) armed with never before used experimental weapons kicked in the cell door, only to stand, impotent, in an empty cell. 

Tanks rumbled to life in nearby bases. Jets deployed. A shocked and terrified public was placed under martial law in nearby towns, as roadblocks were pointlessly established, out of sheer habit and weight of institutional momentum. 

International allies mobilized. Militaries leapt to high alert. Silos ran readiness drills by the hour, on the hour. Millions of people rushed to and fro in a frenzy. 

Nuclear launches on civilian population centers were contemplated. 

All in the absence of one key detail. 

Any identifiable target. 

A grizzled officer walked down a hall to the A51 barracks, an Aramaic cell phone in his left hand, and a faded post it note in his right. 

PFC Johnsons video games were interrupted. 

"We need you to make a phone call," the officer explained. 

PFC Johnson's face scrunched up in confusion. 

"To the inmate in Cell Block C."

"I didn't know he had a phone," PFC Johnson complained. *He* didn't have a phone. Security reasons or some such. It just seemed irresponsible to give an inmate a phone if a PFC couldn't be trusted with one. 

"He doesn't, exactly, just..." the officer sighed. "Please just dial this number. And tell him we'd like to negotiate our surrender." 