Thomas stood staring out the window, the melancholy grey clouds drifting through the sky, threatening rain. He felt dead inside, the nights spent crying himself to sleep at night had finally given way a feeling of near emptiness. 
It had been three weeks since the funeral, three and half since he’d had a few drinks to celebrate his 5-year wedding anniversary with beloved wife Julie, three and half weeks since the accident. An ache of guilt and pain overwhelmed him and he fell to his knees, tears falling freely again. Outside, the sound of children’s laughter echoed from the nearby playground. All Thomas could hear however, was the screeching of tires and the terrible squeal of twisting metal. 
Tears still streaming down his face, he squared his shoulders and pushed himself slowly to his feet, a determined look on his haggard face. He stumbled towards the stairs to the basement. There was a rope down there somewhere….
Thomas opened his eyes and found himself standing in a field of yellowing grass. A soft wind blew across his face bringing a tinge of cold that made him shiver slightly. Overhead, the sky was a faded blue, washed-out like on old sepia tone photograph. Feeling disorientated, he closed his eyes for a moment and tried to remember what had happened. He brought a hand to his neck, then winced in pain from the rope burn. His memories came flooding back and he closed his eyes, breathing deeply to steady himself. 
As much to distract himself as anything else, he started walking through the grass towards what appeared to be buildings, following a rough path through the grass. He approached one of the buildings, looking like a run down guard house of sorts. He knocked on the door, and a tired looking man dressed in white robes appeared. He had long, thick white hair, and he leant on a slightly crooked walking stick for balance. 
“Ah, welcome” the man rasped in a dry voice. “Welcome to paradise.”
He pulled out a dry, dusty tone from somewhere behind him and started rifling through it. 
“Name?” the old man asked.
“err.. Thomas Beresal” he replied.
“Thomas with an ‘h’?” the man asked, his eyes peering over a pair of dirty spectacles. 
Thomas nodded and the man flicked a few more pages, then nodded to himself as he pulled an old pen from his pocket and made a mark in the book, then shut the book with a snap. Thomas coughed slightly from the cloud of dust that rose in the air. 
“Continue down this street, take the first left, then second right. Find yourself a place there, and enjoy your eternity.” The man started to turn back inside.
“Wait!” Thomas called, grasping as the man’s robes. “Julie Beresal, I need to find her, is she here?”
The man rolled his eyes, sighed and open his book again. 
“Julie, spelt J-u-l-i-e?  Died a couple weeks ago?”
Thomas nodded, a flicker of hope in his eyes.
“Nope, she didn’t make it” he rasped, snapping the book shut again and starting to turn again.
“What do you mean, didn’t make it?” Thomas asked, confused and concerned. “How is that possible?”
The man sighed again, “I don’t know. Some people just aren’t good enough, don’t have enough faith, I don’t know, I don’t care.” He shook himself free of Thomas’ grip and moved back inside.
Thomas was growing angry “Now look here…” he began, but the man just cut him off.
“Not my problem” he said in his dry voice. “Ask God, he’s the judge of such things. Just head straight down into the middle of town, and knock on the door of the temple. Can’t miss it. Can’t say you’ll get much luck though, he’s not deigned to show himself to anyone for years.”  For a moment, a nostalgic look passed over the old man’s face. Then he promptly slammed the door closed.
Still angry, Thomas strode down the path the man had indicated. The path lead him through between neat rows of houses, all in various states of disrepair. He passed a few other people on the street, shuffling alone down side streets, staring at their feet. He tried to engage a couple, but they only looked at him with dull eyes and moved on. 
Feeling more and more disturbed he sped up, walking quickly towards a massive temple rising up in front on him. Once upon a time, it must have been an awe-inspiring sight; now, however, it appeared to be barely standing. As he arrived, he noticed two massive guards standing at attention at the sides of an ornate golden door. One of the guards swiveled his head to look at him. 
“What do you seek, pilgrim?” he asked in a thick, deep voice. 
“I want to speak with God. I want to know what happened to my wife” Thomas replied in a tight voice. The strangeness of the place was starting to get to him.
“The Almighty hasn’t spoken to anyone in decades, but you may enter.” He turned slightly to pull open the door. “Once inside, proceed up the main stairs. At the top, stop and state your case or petition.”
Thomas stepped in quickly, walking up a set of marble steps, lined with columns on either side. As he reached the top, he stopped and stared in amazement.  He was standing in a massive courtyard, paved with delicately designed pavers extending in all directions as far as the eye could see. About 20 or 30 meters ahead he could see a dais with a massive throne on top. Seated on the throne was an old man, wearing a golden crown, his eyes closed.  He had pure white hair and skin, and he was wearing thick, luxurious robes and the purest white. In one hand, he held a golden scepter; in the other, an ornate golden goblet. To either side stood dozens on attendants, similarly dressed in white robes, with smaller crowns on their heads.  They were talking quietly to each other in small groups.
Thomas quickly fell to one knee, bowing his head. 
“Your Majesty” he began, feeling a weight on formality “I come to ask about my wife, I need to see her, to say sorry”. He bowed his head further, waiting for a response. The attendants simply ignored him and he waited there, awkwardly. 
Feeling confused, and somewhat ashamed of the dirty clothes he was wearing, he stood up, looking around uncertainly. Seeing at no-one seemed to care, he tentatively moved forward towards the throne. He kept walking until he was within a couple meters of the figure on the throne.
“Your Majesty?” he tried again. “I come to …” he cut off abruptly as he noticed the figures eyes. They stared at him, unblinking, unmoved. Almost…almost like he was dead.  He reached out a hand and touched the man’s hand. It felt, cold and lifeless. Feeling strange beyond all comprehension, he gently reached out a put a hand on the man’s shoulders. Without warning, the body disintegrated into dust; Thomas leapt back with a yell or surprise as the scepter, crown and goblet clattered down and rolled to a rest at his feet. The figure was gone, leaving on the white robes.
The attendant turned in surprise, their surprise and horror writ large on their faces. Nobody moved in the complete and utter silence.
“What… what have you done?!” one of attendants breathed after a moment. “You’ve killed The Almighty!”
Thomas stepped back, raising his hands “No, I didn’t do anything!” he protested “I just –” he cut off mid-sentence and a thought occurred to him. A slight smile played over his face as he slowly bent down to pick up on the scepter, goblet and crown. He stepped forward towards the throne and sat down with a smile, placing the crown on his own head. 
He smiled as he felt incredible power fill him. He threw back his head and laughed. 
He turned to one of the attendants.
“Now, find my wife Julie. Then we’re going to visit a little … divine retribution… on a certain driver who cut me off!”

