I withheld, suppressed, or destroyed life saving medicines, and took advantage of deadly pathogens and addictive prescriptions. I cull humanity the way you mow the lawn. I do it because I'm good at it and it needs to be done. I grew up working class and remember the moment I grew out of it. "Use one half of the working class to destroy the other half". So I went to a top school and got along to get along. 

I worked with the people who developed napalm and agent orange. I picked up trade craft from the people who sold DDT even after everybody knew the danger. I am a mercenary lobbyist and I have no evil plan. People don't understand the super organism we are, or the threat to ourselves we present. I don't need a comfortable angle to see it, or the abortion metaphor some of my colleagues use. A job is a job, and mine is an important one. I like cutting the grass. I like order.

You don't flaunt a job like this, and your circle gets small. People are not chattel, but I don't want to know their names or the names of their kids. I'm not better than them or superior, but I am apart from them. I see what they eat and I know what's in it, and what that means. I don't sit at their tables with them.

A mercenary lobbyist sees the threat before it is unmanageable. We look at profits and sustainability through a different lens. We design social systems with an expiration date. We create a problem because it is preferable to another problem. Who was it that said "he's a son of a bitch, but he's our son of a bitch".

I don't consider myself a killer. People make choices. People choose self destructive habits and lifestyles. People grow up in old paradigms that can't survive, and that's the truth. People don't change. They die. Change is generational. It takes time for humanity to learn. It is trial and error. Only survivors survive.

Every now and then a book comes out like "Confessions of an Economic Hitman" or "A Peoples History of the United States" and I wonder if I should put pen to paper. I wonder how to tell my story. I watch "Fog of War" every year and imagine my career on screen. I cut the grass. I like the smell. 

We don't have a union. Many of us belong to a number of secret societies. The truth is, there is no control. There is only influence. I believe in order, but I believe our nature is anarchic. The word is Greek, it means "without a leader". That seems right. We have to be free. We will always fight with that instinct coarsing through us. We have to be free. 

And so I enable people to do what they want, to make money and buy what they want, to indulge, to invent, to try anything. Some of them put lead in gasoline and paint and poison an entire generation. Some of them just go to work and pay for a house with all the modern standards, and the worn out plumbing, and the carpets full of carcinogens. People make choices.

I have been a part of a mechanism that has rolled through centuries of human progress. There are hundreds of us. We are behind humanity, pushing it out of the mire, everybody push! There is evolution, and there is social evolution. Every revolution starts with us. We have killed billions of people. Half of them by giving them what they want, and half by not. They will develop the future. We will try to keep the species alive, strong, and free.