The number in the corner of my shocked eye, which should've remained perfectly stagnant at zero jumped to the insanely large digits of 7912. My initial connection was the passing of the family's German Shepard, which through only tremendous guilt, did I manage to not save it for the 7912 time. Yet the number also introduced the possibility of a joyous event that may have compelled my finger to strike the lightly transparent sign of relive. However, my heart strings tug ever so slightly warning me not of a true happy ending but a tragic and miserable repeat to prevent the wrongs of me, my close ones, or the world. I trudged through the day as waves of insecurities wash over my heart. As the ticks and tocks continue, and the life of day slowly fade away, the weights on my worried mind slowly starts to release it self.

"I am fine", I told myself, not with absolute certainty but more as a plead to keep down my growing fear.
"I am fine", I told myself again but unfortunately, fate would not have my wish of a peaceful day granted. 

Heavy rain started to pour as I began my journey to home, plodding slowly and cautiously on the familiar street, smeared with fondness and nostalgia. The pitter patter of down pour dulled my senses as the cold stole away my touch, the strike of rain on the pavement blocked away my sound, and the nonstop rain directed a ever going spectacle of falling droplets that blurred my sight.  Yet, a bark, just audible enough through the ever crashing of downpour, caused my eyes to swerve towards in the little canine's direction as it traveled timidly towards my way. 

"How unfortunate" I whispered to myself as the flutter of my coat in the cold icy wind and the hard thump of my bag pack hit the cold and damp road provided the final symposium to my dash towards the middle of the road. A yellow light caused my eyes to squint, but it did not stop my almost now mechanical movement towards the little German Shepard. I first felt one, and then both of my feet leave the wet and slippery ground. Extending my hand out, I grabbed and pulled the Shepard close to my heart and embraced the massive impact on my body.

Frail, and senseless. Raising what seemed like my now only working hand. Tears run down my face as I sob furiously. I tap the relive button with a sense of hope and hopelessness. Knowing that I will no doubt save the mutt again.

First submission. Woohoo!