It only seemed like yesterday that Death had given me his card before he vanished. At least that's what it felt like. When you live as long as I have, it becomes hard to measure time. I used to think days passed by fast, but that was before I became an immortal. The years had gone by faster than I had noticed. 

The hardest part was watching my immediate family pass away, only to see my wife and kids age right after. But the beauty about immortality is that everything hurts less in the long run. I'm not saying that getting hit by a car gets easier the longer you live, but the broken hearts from lovers and friends who have passed before me became easier to stomach. What used to be gut wrenching pain turns into a momentary sigh. Their death represented more of an inconvenience for me at that point. I would have to spend time meeting people. The problem with meeting people wasn't the fact that I was impatient. I had all the time in the world for Death's sake. It was the fact that every single person I would talk to would eventually die. Think about being friends with someone who only has 6 months to live. That's what being friends with people felt like. I never had spent enough time with one person to make it worth living.

I lived a life of complacency for the most part. I had chosen a minimalist lifestyle, only buying things within reason, never wanting more than I needed to. Because like I said, at the end of the day, all I really wanted was a friend.

I looked at the card Death handed me that one fateful day. It was a little scrunched up, but I could still make do and see the numbers.

I dialed the numbers, and put the phone in my ear.

"Hello?" A lady groaned.

"Uh Hello" I replied.

"What do you want?" She sounded irritated. In the background I could hear an audible laugh track. It sounded like she was watching a game show or something.

"Death gave me this number...." My voice trailed off in confusion. *Did he change his number?*

She sighed. "One second. MARTY! ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS IS CALLING YOU!"

I couldn't help but giggle. Death's real name is Marty? And he lives with his mother? This sounds too good to be true.

"Mom!" a high shrieked voice said in the background. "I told you to call me Death!" He sounded a lot more geeky than I remembered, but it has been about 2000 years, so what do I know.

"Under my roof I will call you whatever I want to call you alright Marty?"

For a second I thought I was dealing with a preteen.

"What is it you want mortal?" A deep voice came from the phone. As much as Death tried to hide his high voice, it wasn't working.

"Yeah..." I began. "You gave me this card and told me to call you when I realized living sucks and that you had a job offer for me."

"Go on."

"Well, to be honest. I'm not here to call about the job. I called for something else."

"Which is?"

"Since that you are alive forever, and I am immortal, maybe... you could... we know..."

Silence.

"I was wondering if you wanted to hang out sometime."

A couple seconds pass without any noise being made.

"I'm sick of watching my friends die around me, so I figured you living forever means we could spend some time together."

Death sighed.

While I could tell he certainly wasn't amused by the idea, it seemed like his mom was.

"Why yes of course!" his mom chimes in. "Marty would love to hang out with you! How about bowling at 7pm?"

"MOMMMMM!" the high shriek came again.

"Sweetie, all you do is your job. You need to do something else besides that and sit in your room all day playing Lucifer knows what. Plus this guy seems nice."

"Sounds great!" I replied happily. "I'll see you soon Marty!"

"I WILL END YOU HUMAN." Death yelled.

After I hung up, I felt a feeling I haven't felt in awhile.

Happiness.