Brandon Filch clutched his backpack to his chest. Only a little farther and he would be free. It had worked. His plan had worked. Months spent pouring over every single detail. Countless hours of research and preparation. And he had done it, well, not quite. All he had to do now was walk out of the bank.  
	Act natural. He took a deep breath and slung his backpack over his shoulder.  As he stepped out of the office his tension melted away. People were lined up in front of the tellers, moving to and fro occupied in their own little world and not paying any attention to Brandon. Business as usual.   
	He smirked as he approached the door and looked back at the building that had set him up for life. He looked at the countless flaws in their security, the government officials signing off on the new shipment of bills and all the people depositing their money in one easy to rob place.  
	A gunshot. Brandon was pushed to the floor. Blood draining from his face as he came even with the now lifeless eyes of a security guard, whose hand was still holding his pistol.  
	Carla Verden looked down at the scrawny kid, contempt written all over her face. “Everybody on the ground” she yelled, punctuating her statement with several more shots into the guard. “Nobody do anything sudden, or else” All eyes were drawn to the growing puddle of blood. “This is what you might call a robbery. So do as we say and only some of you will get hurt.”  

Brandon cursed under his breath. Hunched in the corner of the room they had been stuffed in he desperately tried to think of a plan. Make a run for the front door? No. It was too late for that, he’d get shot before he even made it ten feet. Roof? Not unless he wanted to end up in police custody with two broken ankles. Basement it was. There were old tunnels running underneath the bank, but they had been sealed of centuries ago. He also needed to get out before they managed to open the vault. He guessed he at most 30 minutes. He’d need help.
Brandon stood up and approached the man guarding them. “S..sir? Could I speak to your boss?” The man raised his gun and the room took a collective breath. “I.I..I have information that could help you. As long as you don’t hurt anyone.”
The guard scoffed “How about I make you talk instead.” He grabbed Bradon by the collar and shoved him out of the room.   

Brandon spat blood out of his mouth and looked across the desk at Carla. She was reclined with her feet propped up on a nameplate that read Regional Manager.  
“Did you have to hit him?” she asked.  
“He had a smug look on his face.”   
“God forbid someone look at you. Close the door behind you” The sound of drilling became muffled as the guard slammed the door.  
“So what’s this amazing information.” asked Carla as she lit a cigarette.  
“I don’t think you should be smoking in here” said Brandon.  
Carla laughed before taking a long drag. “Spit it out or rejoin all the little people praying that they get home to their families.”  
“I’m an architect. There are tunnels beneath the bank you can use to escape”  
Carla  looked at him with a hard gaze“But...”  
“It’s walled off. You’d need explosives to get through.” Brandon glanced down only in part faking his nervous behavior. If he wanted any chance of getting out of here she needed to take the bait.  
Carla leaned back in her chair with smile on her face “And I take it I need you to point out exactly where to place my explosives”   
Carla got up and opened the door. “George” she yelled. The man who had escorted Brandon over here quickly appeared. “Get the explosives. I’ve got a job for you”  

Brandon watched as George finished placing the last of the explosives. He stood up and clapped his hands together.  
“All done. You sure this is the right place?” He asked Brandon.  
“Absolutely” said Brandon as he glanced at the clock. 5 minutes to go. “Could you get me my water out of my backpack right there.” Brandon gestured to his backpack leaning against the basement wall.   
“Water sounds good. I think I’ll have some.” said George as he bent down to open the bag.  
“What the-” Brandon kicked George to the ground, lunging for the rifle that George had propped against the wall. Brandon face planted into the ground as he felt an iron grip on his ankle. Brandon desperately reached for the rifle as he was dragged backwards.   
	George got on top of Brandon and started mercilessly punching him in the face. “You thought you could steal, from under OUR noses” Brandon felt the bones in his face crunch.  
	Brandon grabbed at George’s armored vest as George laughed at his sad attempts. “You just made the last mistake of your life.” Brandon spat blood into George’ face. “Hopefully not” He said as he found what he was grabbing for.  
	
When the smoke cleared Brandon dragged his body out of the rubble. He grabbed his backpack with what money was left in it and began to walk down the tunnel, Not hearing the shouts of confusion from above over the ringing in his ears.
