To claim a dragon is to ride the wind.  It is to burn in the fire, grind in the earth, drown in the ocean. For to tame the dragon, you must become wild yourself.

And all his life, Livi had wanted nothing more.

There were few who could survive on the island of Nova, home to the dragon hordes.  To most, the skin of their feet would long be burned away from rock supported on a bed of magma, their flesh consumed by the acidic belches rising through the glowing cracks.  The heat in the summers was harsh, but it cowered in the face of their winters- brutally cold blizzards that nipped at any exposed extremity, giving it frostbite in seconds. Hurricanes racked the island in the fall, sheets of rain so thick that they might as well have been underwater.  And earthquakes kept civilization on its knees, preventing any building from lasting more than a few years.

But that was the price of dragons.

Dragons summoned the extremeties- they summoned the powers of nature, that which would make even seasoned warriors cower and hide beneath their sheets.  They brought forth the pure essences of nature, clashing them, turning them over in a world of chaos.

And they did the same to men.

Those that claimed a dragon became the essence of human- they became courage, anger, power, and empathy.  With the dragon their hands shaped the lands- their souls resonated with power, pulling it forth from nature itself.  With a dragon, a man could call a storm from a blue sky.  He could summon a tsunami, he could break a mountain.

Some, who knew little of the beasts, called them weapons.  That claiming a dragon was like claiming a larger sword.  But they are wrong- the weapon is the effect, not the being.

Livi had only seen on man claim a dragon- with a hand on the dragons back, he had called forth fire, the energy rushing from scales to the mans palm in an instant.  From the dragon he pulled that essence, just as he next pulled the ice that froze the embers black. But like all who claimed dragons on their island, he soon left for the mainland, surfing a torrent of air pulled from the east.  Leaving Livi and his people behind.

For every thousand that attempted to claim a dragon, only one succeeded - it took more than courage.  It took skill, and intellect.  Sorcery in the binding arts.  And more than all, purity- the ability to stand the test of fire, and live.  Only then could they travel to the land beyond the island, where it was rumored they were kings among soft skinned men.

Soon, Livi would climb the mountain to the horde's caves.  he would take the incense he had prepared for months, and his spelltraps, and his mothers blessings.  He would bring the coals of the fire which he had kept burning for twelve years, and the ice he had harvested a decade before, each imbued with runes of his own making. He would leave only when he had claimed a dragon, or they had claimed him. And his mother would cry. 
