History may well refer to it as 'the Crack'. Ever since earthquake sensors registered a Richter 7.5 earthquake, it singlehandedly changed the Earth's orbit and rotation just enough to throw things out of whack. The thing was that the epicenter didn't match up with any known fault line...

Six hours after the earthquake, a helicopter brought two men to the scene. They wore crisp black suits with perfect creases, and in a measured, practiced move, each pulled black latex gloves from their pockets and silently put them on. They walked towards the edge of the crack, passing the law enforcement tape and dozens of various officers. While never asked for ID, they would have silently walked on — the agency they worked for didn't exist and did not provide their agents with ID anyway.

One of the men let out a low whistle. "Hell of a crack there," he said. The other man said nothing, but looked toward the horizon. The first man spoke again: "They say it's almost five kilometers long, almost a kilometer deep, and growing. A containment team is trying to stop it from growing, but they're not optimistic." 

The second man slowly looked from the horizon, down to his feet just centimeters from the edge, then right to the other horizon. He still had nothing to say, but looked to the other agent.

"What do we do?", he finally asked.

The first agent took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I don't know. We don't know who did this, *why* they did this, or where they are now. It must have taken a hell of a lot of charged energy to do... *this*..."

The second agent pulled out a small device from his breast pocket. He turned it on and starting punching his index finger at the screen. "Knowing what we know about how charging works on an exponential scale, this would have taken... Jesus... 72 hours, give or take a few minutes."

The first agent looked down at the second agent's screen, then let out another low whistle. 72 hours. They both knew that 'charging' your power meant you were almost motionless, expending almost all your mental energy towards your hands. You couldn't eat, you couldn't sleep, you could not *move your feet*. The current — well, the *known* current world record — was just over 12 hours at a public demonstration. The energy from that was carefully funneled into what was then the world's largest battery and powered 100,000 homes for a week.

The first agent had a look of incredulity. "So this guy, he stands here and just charges for 3 days? No eating, no drinking, no pissing..." He let out a look of disgust. "Wouldn't there be a... puddle or a... a *smell*...?

The second agent shook his head. Any 'puddles' — or water of any kind within hundreds of meters — would have vaporized with this much energy. "There's no way he survived this," he finally said. "No way."

The first agent's phone vibrated. "Yes?" 

"Sorry, sir, I was told you were the person to contact. I'm about 500 meters southwest of you. Do you see me waving over here?" The agent turned southwest and spotted someone in a orange hazmat suit. "I think you two need to come down here. We found footprints leading away from where you guys are standing."

The first agent put the phone back in his pocket and looked over to the second agent. "Come on," he said. "We need to figure out who brought the end of the world on us."
 
