"Alright, new year of events rolling around. Germany, your move."

"Hmm. I think I'll annex Austria...ah, got an eighteen!"

"You absorb it with little commotion and much apparent joy. Austria, any moves?"

"Nah, I'm good. It's not like this can go worse than last time, anyways."

"Fair enough. Anyone else want to make any moves?"

"I'll just watch from my island for now, I think."

"I'm an ocean away, I'm not concerned."

"Well I am! You two didn't get invaded last time! I'm going to fortify my borders, seeing as that Schlieffen Plan thing didn't work out before anyways.

Rolled a twenty! Get through that, Jerry!"

"Any counters, Germany"

"Nein, not yet. I think I need a bit more space to move about in. I invade Poland and Czechoslovakia."

"You rolled a fourteen. Some resistance, but otherwise its yours."

"Woah, hey, we agreed to split Poland last time! Ugh, fine, can we agree to a truce for a little while?"

"...Possibly."

"Okay you two, roll for it."

"For a truce? But we both agreed."

"Are you the DM? Roll."

"Ten...?"

"You have a truce."

"Okay, cool, well, I think I'll invade France through Belgium again, but this time do it fast."

"Both of you roll."

"Twenty, nice."

"Germany, you take France in two weeks. France, how do you respond?"

"I attempt to resist with the full might of my military."

"You rolled for a one, catastrophic failure."

"Fuck. So now what?"

"Your army splinters and runs, half your country is conquered and works with the invaders, the other half is repeatedly raided and murdered, and one of your generals flees the country. Would anyone else like to step in and help?"

"Uh, I'm a little busy in the other ocean at the moment, can it wait for a bit?"

"*Sigh* I guess I'd better lend a hand. I dispatch a fleet of ships to withdraw my army and France's from the mainland."

"You roll a fifteen. Almost all your forces make it away, but you lose some people and a few ships."

"Oh, also, France - can I have your ships?"

"What? No!"

"Fine. I sink France's ships."

"Woah, hey, what the fuck?"

"You roll a nineteen. France's navy is destroyed."

"This blows."

"Well, since Britain is clearly taking sides and not surrendering, I guess I'll bomb them a bit. Oh, and blockade them...looks like I got an eleven."

"The people starve and many die, but heavy losses occur on both sides and Britain does not break."

"Oh well, at least they're occupied. I invade Russia."

"Hey, what about the truce?!"

"*Shrug*"

"You roll an eighteen. With minimal losses, you push almost to Moscow and besiege Leningrad. Russia, how do you respond?"

"I call the people to arms and rally our great spirit against the vile invaders!"

"Eight."

"Dammit."

"Struck off guard and uncertain, your leader takes two weeks to even address the people, and when he does so, it's not in person but by radio. However, some partisans begin fighting back."

"Well we can't have that. I create an extermination group and set up camps to kill as many people as I can that I don't like."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Okay, well, you roll a seventeen. Over seven million people die. I hope you're proud of yourself."

"While he does that, I rebuild my army and even recruit women! Then I push back Germany."

"Six. You slowly repel the attackers, but suffer staggering losses."

"I suppose I should get involved now. I team up with Britain and Canada and land on the shores of Normandy."

"A nine. You successfully secure a beachfront, but take heavy losses."

"Race you to Berlin?"

"You're on."

"I rolled a twelve."

"I got a thirteen, hah! I'm gonna plant a flag on their parliament building."

"We should capture the guy who started this."

"You roll a one. He kills himself before you can reach him."

"Damn. Well, okay. Let's divide up Germany again."