"What are you reading anyway? Something from work?"

Ayu, the young woman across the table from me was visibly annoyed. Every time I looked up from my book, she was messing around with either her glasses or her black, shoulder length hair. I wouldn't blame her. Reading a book while on a date was obviously annoying, if not downright rude. I wished I could've cared, though. There was something I needed within these pages, and I needed it fast.

"Yeah, something like that."

"Care to be more specific?"

I took another glance at her. This time, she was staring at me with an impatient gaze. It was as if she was giving me an ultimatum. 'Answer me or I'll dump your sorry ass', or something along those lines.

"Sorry honey, there was this incident at work, so I need something from this manual fast."

I put the book on the table, cover up, so that she could see what I was talking about.

"An AI manual?"

"Yeah, for the production androids."

As soon as I finished my answer, she took the manual out of my hand and started to quickly flick the pages.

"What kind of problem?"

Her eyes were fixated on the pages she was flicking through, as if she was also looking for an answer.

I had forgotten for a moment that the woman in front of me had a degree in robotics engineering.

"Two chicken satays."

I nodded and made a gesture to the waiter to put the food on the table.

"Er, there's this new android that just came in..."

"Mhm?"

Still looking at my manual, I see.

"...well long story short, it kinda forgot that it was a robot. Joked to me about being worried of being replaced by an android or something."

Ayu finally looked back at me. Something I said had obviously caught her attention.

"And where is it now? The android, I mean."

"I told the boys to take it to disassembly a few minutes ago, before you arrived."

I was about to grab a chicken skewer off my plate when suddenly Ayu grabbed my arm. 

"Call them again! Tell them to stop!"

"What? Stop what?"

Her sudden change in tone caught me off guard.

"The disassembly! Don't you get it?!"

I must've missed something that was so obvious to a robotics expert like her. But what?

"No time to explain! Call them now and put me on the line!"

"Uh, ok, just calm down for a second..."

My left hand rummaged my pockets, looking for my phone, while my right hand reached for another piece of chicken satay.

"This really isn't the time for eating, you know?!"

I don't remember ever seeing her in such a panic.

"What? Give me a break, I skipped lunch. I'm really hungry. By the way, I can't seem to reach the disassembly facility. They're not answering."

"Shit. We need to go there. Right now."

She was already walking quickly towards the parking lot when she finished her sentence.

"But, the food-"

She slammed a hundred-thousand rupiah bill on the cashier desk, in front of the cashier's surprised face.

"Keep the change."

I did my best attempt at keeping up with her.

"If we're going to the facility, I think we'll need at least half an hour if we're using my car. Jakarta traffic at this hour is really horrible-"

"Fine. Use this."

She handed me the keys to her scooter.

"But I didn't bring my helmet. What if a cop sees us?"

"A cop is the least of our worries now. Just hurry up, will you?!"

---------------------------------

"I do hope you're wrong, Ayu."

"Me too. But something tells me that isn't the case."

We were walking up to a warehouse door, somewhere near the outskirts of Jakarta. Luckily, we didn't run into any cops on the way from the restaurant earlier, as they would've stopped me for not wearing a helmet while riding a motorcycle. Come to think of it, I left my motorcycling license back home too.

I was about to open the door, which had 'Disassembly and Examinations' written on top of it, when suddenly, two young men came out from inside the warehouse. They were pale and breathing heavily. Something had obviously freaked them out.

"Mr. Ali? We... we..."

One of them tried to speak up, but he was already out of breath. The other guy spilled the contents of his last meal all over the floor.

"Guys? What happened?!"

That was when I noticed that their white lab suits had red stains all over. Blood?

"That... that was... definitely... not... not an... no wonder... the screams... the..."

He fainted.

I looked at Ayu who was only a few steps behind me.

She had already collapsed to her knees.

"Don't tell me... you were right?"

She weakly nodded. Tears were already forming in the corners of her eyes.

----------------

"Can't you go any faster?!"

I was already twisting the throttle as fast as I could, but Ayu didn't seem to care.

"I'm already risking getting thrown into jail here! And can you tell me what's happening already?!"

"Haven't you realized it already?! The second line of mandatory android programming?!"

"Sorry honey, I can't remember."

"Robots must always be programmed to realize what they are. In other words, they should always know that they are robots!"

"So does that mean..."

"It means you just sent something that *is not* a robot to the fucking disassembly facility!"

What the fuck.