Another day of nothing behind me, and another night in the Gypsy. I set my empty beer onto the counter and waited for the bartender to look in my general direction.  The bar seemed crowded for a Tuesday, people I didn't know were packed in and having a grand time. There was a lot of laughter and hugging going on, probably celebrating something. I wish they would leave for another bar.  The Gypsy is my safe place, a place that helps me forget about her.


Someone had put music on the jukebox, but it was nothing that I knew.  In fact, I wasn't even sure if it was music.  There were no lyrics, just a steady constant beeping.  God, if this is the new dub step, I am giving up on humanity.  The bartender comes up to me, smiling sweetly, grabbing my empty.  Kate is good at her job.  She never sits with her face glued to a cell phone, never questions why I sit in the same place every night even though I am only 30, and always takes care of me.  


"How are you tonight, Cory?" She asks me, mixing some sort of cocktail.


"Fine, I suppose.  A bit crowded tonight though.  Could you close me out?  I think I am going to finish up at home."  I reach for my wallet, but she shakes her head.


"This one is on me. Have a good night!" She chirps, returning to attending the large group.  I give her a nod and a smile and begin walking towards the door.  A cute woman with blonde hair and freckles suddenly steps in front of me.  It is almost as if she is staring right through me.  Probably drunk.  She reaches up and brushes her fingers through my hair slowly, making me uneasy.


"Excuse me." I state bluntly and walk around her and out of the door.  Yup, she was drunk.  I wobble the four blocks back to my apartment and fumble with the keys until I manage to get inside.  Collapsing on the couch, the familiar thoughts of guilt begin to run through me.  The whole scene plays out piece by piece.  We were on a date night.  She wanted to get home and sleep but I was having too much fun and forced her to stay out with me for a movie.   We were driving home, about 5 minutes away,  when I missed my turn.  That's when it came out of nowhere.  A car from around the corner, going too fast and with their headlights off.  She died, I didn't.  What made me feel worst is that I couldn't even remember her face.  I destroyed our photos after it happened because I couldn't bare to see her.  If only we had stayed home.


I reach into my pocket for my smokes, but pull out a lottery ticket instead.  I dont know why I even get these things.  Maybe for the impossible chance of waking up with a new life. I pull my smartphone out and look up the numbers.  It takes about several minutes of me looking at the screen and back to the crumpled ticket in disbelief for me to realize that Ive actually done it.  I have won.  The pot is 20 million dollars, and even after taxes and lump sum cuts, I am looking at around 10 million.  More than I have made in my entire life.  I set the ticket down and wonder about my next move.  If I had friends and loved ones, maybe I would call them.  I close my eyes, smiling for the first time in years. For a moment, I feel sort of happy.


The next thing I hear is that song again.  Beep...Beep....Beep.  I open my eyes to see only brightness and haze.  How much did I drink, I wonder.  I instinctively reach for the coffee table next to the couch with my ticket on it, but for whatever reason, I can't move my arms more than an inch.  I hear a woman's voice suddenly.


"Nurse! Nurse! He is waking up!" I can feel the presence of people entering the room, two shadows looming over me.


"Cory, are you with us? Cory?" A familiar voice asks.  My vision begins to clear, and the first person I see is Kate the the bartender, except for some reason, she is dressed in nurse scrubs. "You have been asleep for awhile. Glad to see you open your eyes.  Let me check your vitals."


The second person in the room leans over into my field of vision.  It is the blonde from the bar, the one with the freckles.  She gently brushes my hair on my forehead like she had done before.  That's when I begin to recognize her, not from last night, but from long ago.


"I was so worried about you Cory." She says, crying and smiling now.  "After the accident, they didn't know if you were going to wake up.  But I knew it...you wouldn't leave me like this." 


The world starts swimming.  Could it be?  Am I dreaming? Is this Kaylee?  She bends down and embraces me, and I smell the familiar mixture of lavender and Marlboro again.  I try to form words but my mouth is so dry that only air comes out.  The thought of the lottery ticket is the furthest thing from my mind.  This...this is what I have wanted. 