I look around me and see a sign post reading " Terra del Diablo" 28km . Cool , I thought , some small ass Mexican town, I'll head there. The next 10 k was gruelling to say the least. Tumbleweeds rolled across the dusty dirt road. The dead desert heat and lack of water was making me irritable. Questions soon filled my head . How did my Spanish teacher Ms Martinez send me here? Did she drug me ? Did she rape me ? Actually she is a fine lady , that wouldn't bother me. But still 1000 pesos ! How generous of her ! I wonder what my final test is ? I don't really care, fuck that , i'm getting the hell out of this shit hole and getting the next plane back to Ireland. I don't even like Spanish . I don't listen in class , I really only know the basics, El Perro , El Gato , El ...... Suddenly over the brow of the next hill on the road i see some buildings. This must be the town. Great I'll hitch a ride in the back of a truck to the nearest city , just like the movies ha... hopefully. As I approach the village a knot begins to wrap itself in my stomach. This place could be abandoned. No look I see people. Sitting in the shade of the wooden veranda of one of the wooden shacks was an old woman. Like a seriously dried up wrinkled , seriously prune looking old lady . Hola , I shouted . Bitch ignored me . Okay I thought, I'll just have a look around town. There was an old American west - looking bar with saloon doors. I approached cautiously and entered the bar . The loud squeaking of the saloon doors alerted the bar man , the only person in there. He was dressed in a faded but clean white shirt and black apron just standing there looking at me . Hola , quierro quierro aqua . He filled me a dirty glass with tap water which I graciously drank. I have 1000 pesos I thought , if I get cholera I can just go to the doctor , or witch doctor or whatever they have here . Hablas ingles ? "Si " he grunted. " What brings you here ? " he asked in a low deep voice . I'm looking for an airport ,Mexico airport perhaps. And is there a bus I can get , or train ? I have 1000 pesos ...."HAHAHAHA" chuckled the bar man . "There are no bus here ...no train ....HAHA." Now feeling a little uneasy I step closer to him. Dammit why didn't I step closer to the door , this dude probably has a gun. "Flashbacks of watching Texas chainsaw massacre looping in my brain " . Is this terra del diablo ? I asked . The bar mans face dropped , his smirk quickly faded .  " What business have you in terra del diablo? Who are you ?". Okay so I woke up on the side of the road with 1000 pesos and a note from my teacher , which I showed him.  Now looking more confused  and worried than ever the bar man opened his till and took all the money out and placed it all in a bag and put it on the bar and said in a nervous voice "take it ... take it all ......wait wait" he shuffled into the back room and I heard the unmistakable clicking of a safe being opened . He hurried back in with a big bag of cash , threw it in the bar. As I was taking it he threw a gun on the bar also . " take take he said nervously" without a word I took the money and the gun and ran outside. Looking at my teachers note I began to wonder who the fuck this lady was . At the end of the town was another sign Terra del diablo 5km . I guess I need to go to that town , nowhere else to go . As I walked out the road a little I spotted a black new ish looking car parked with the drivers door open. I approach cautiously and see nobody is in the car or nobody is around. The keys were in the ignition and it looked as if somebody left in a hurry. Looking around me I decided to take the car. I had a gun after all and this is Mexico . The plush leather seats and air conditioning was a welcome change to the arid Mexican heat . According to the odometer on the car I had travelled 5 km. still no sign of This town. Up ahead was a sign post . I pulled up to read it . I couldn't understand the Spanish part but the English part read " Welcome to Terra del Diablo- Land of the devil " the sign had billet holes and spray painted on it read " private property keep out " Yeah I thought , private property it's all just more desert . I continued driving for about another km when a black SUV pulled up behind me . This dude had plenty of room to pass me but stayed behind me instead. Suddenly 2 more black SUV's pulled out in front of me. One of them Thad the trunk / boot open and a bald guy in a suit was sitting there casually with a fucking machine gun resting in his lap. He waved at me and held up a sign saying "  follow us :) " . What the fuck have I gotten myself into I thought.. they turned into a dirt track and stopped at a large wooden shack in the middle of the desert . The bald guy walked up to my window and said " get out and open your trunk " I dutifully obeyed . Inside was a man gagged and tied up , 4 duffle bags filled with American dollars and Euros. Oh shit I thought ... today I die. I looked around , 5 other guys with guns started chattering excitedly in Spanish . Out of the shack came  who I assumed to be a cartel boss. Handsome looking lad with a bit of a Jesus complexion going on , dressed in a loose white Lennon shirt and pants . "Hombre! "he exclaimed to me with a big smile. " You made it " I will make sure my beautiful wife gives you a very high grade in Espanyôl ! ......now I will pay you for your hard work for me ...l" actually I said , I have lots of money , and a gun I do not want . I reached into the car and threw the gun on the sand and poured out the money I had 1000 peso , and a further 1500 peso from the bar man . All the guys started laughing . "Hombre ! What you have there may seem like a lot, to many Mexican people it is indeed a lot of money . If you were to exchange that for your Euro money it you'll be €75- €80 ha ha ha " Here hombre , take this" , handing me one of the duffle bags full of money . "Inside is 3.5 million Euros" "you have done me a big favour today hombre ... Carlos here will take you to the Aeroporto , tell my wife I love her " Adios hombre 