The cold winter has already arrived. Its freezing pincer slowly closing on all and every creature, prepared or not, and cut their lives in half. But not the Nords. They were never something the Winter could ever erradicate. Blonde, white, stark, and most importantly, unwavering. I had been born to them, raised on the frozen ground, fishing, hunting, listening to stories of great Nords while cooking our meals on a campfire. I may have been raised differently. Racist, maybe.

We Nords do not like other people. Not the lizardmen from the marshes south, not the tanned folk from the West, and we like the pointy-ears the least. They are, if anything, big mouthed and always acting like we all are of lesser quality. I have been to the walled city many times, and the seat of the High King twice, and every time I met one, they had this bored and sneering emotion written all over them.

I married a warrior. A respectable man from the eastern parts of our land, who was proud of his heritage. He was too proud to refuse the request, he was too proud to refuse the call. He had fallen in the early skirmishes; a martyr to some, and a criminal to many. I escaped to the mountains, to a small hut I have bought off a widow of a warrior, and decided to live there, like one of those hags from childhood tales. 

I could have sworn I saw a small dragon among the bushes when I arrived there, but I waved it away as a simple trick of the mind. But the more I stayed, the more I had seen. Small, dragon-like creatures, flying around, catching prey and watching me. My house. I tried scaring them away, but they returned every time. After a while, I just gave up. Maybe I have gone crazy since he died. 

I sensed my pregnancy two weeks after I finally settled in. Small pains, hunger, exhaustion. The weeks went past, and slowly I started to see the dragons growing in size. Every week, they became bigger and bigger. I tried touching them, but they vanished as soon as I lifted my hand. Tricks of the mind, I would say.

After more than half a year since I went on to be  hag, the day arrived. I had gone into labor, and my pain was unbearable. I looked out, and I have seen the most graceful yet horrible sight of my life: a giant golden dragon flying towards my house. I knew this dragon, I was sure it was real. I could not think of anything else, and my lips parted to realize my thoughts: "Alduin."

It tried. It was brutal, and his breath destroyed the surrounding pine trees like they were twigs placed by a child. But somehow, his efforts were in vain. My house, maybe defended by some divine being, stayed upright and stable. I knew I had to be swift, and I endured the pain, until his body was finally out. He was silent at first, but then screamed - no, he shouted, like Alduin did, but with extraordinary power, obliterating the World Eater and banishing his soul from the world.

I needed 5 days to fully be able to move again, and thank the gods for my foresight to keep a large suppy of firewood, food and water beforehand. I knew he was my child, yet I was not sure if he was of my dear husband, and if he was, I could never foresee this consequence. I decided to raise him a normal man, never to tell him of his birth and his power. 

For I named him after his father, but his true name is Dovahkiin. 