"Is that so ?" was the only answer I could give to my spouse, Jane. I couldn't think, my mind was blank.

It was the same when I caught my ex cheating right on our bed, their sweat and bodies connected. It got me sick, thinking about it.

I couldn't come up with anything, all I understand is that by the time today ends. I will die inevitably, there were no ways to save me.

The town had a rule, ever since time travel was introduced into our daily lives. everyone could only use it to revert one day, to save whoever was going to die in front of their eyes.

It sounded crazy thinking about such a thing, living the past everyday. Fixing something that couldn't be fixed, it felt not right. Like we are trying to alter our own destiny when the time arrives.

"How will I die ?" The only thing I could ask her, it wasn't time to give up so early, I needed to know how was it that i will die. Unless...

"Heart attack, you will die from a heart attack..."

"I see... I didn't really expect my life to end in such a way."

There's no way of stopping it, yes heart attacks could be dealt with. But is it worth the trouble ?

"Let's enjoy our day... Our last day together."

"No ! I'll always try to save you, stop giving up. Every time I tried to save you, you keep giving me the same answer. Over and over and over again. Why won't you just let me save you ?"

Her tears flowed down her face, it had made a red streak already.

"Just give up on me, you have so much more to live for."

"Stop telling me that, I just want to live till the end with you. I've never been so connected with anyone else."

"Do you remember how we met ?"

The sudden shift in topic confused her, but her answer was very straight-foward.

"We met at... a bar, the most popular one, in Kansas."

I could picture it, the moment was still deep with me.

Her snarky remark to my sudden complement, we talked, from when we were introduced to each other through a series of events.

We never stopped talking...

I snapped back into reality and stood up, I told her to get dressed as we prepare for the most eventful day of our final time together.

                                      . . .

"Cheers, Jane."

"Cheers... Am I allowed to be this happy ?"

We tapped our glasses together in celebration, her confused manner was written all over her face.

But I couldn't do anything, all I could do was sigh as I told her again and again.

"Yes, you are... It is our final day together."

The waiter brought our last plate of food and we had a delightful dinner, the cost was well worth the quality the chefs had produced.

I started reminiscing about our past years.

Our first kiss, our first night, the moment I proposed to her.

It was all coming back to me. I told her several jokes that prompted her to laugh, and her face was finally how I loved it.

That was the face of the girl I love.

Could anything more worth it than this moment ?

I recalled about an old song, and I started singing it.

"You are my sunshine, my only sunshine."

She started to sing it with me, the song we both fell in love with.

Thump-thump

" You make me happy when skies are grey. You'll never know dear, how much I love you."

thump-thump-thump-thud

I can feel it, my heart stopping as I focused to finish the first verse. She could see it in my eyes, that it had begun.

But all I cared about was finishing the song.

"Please... don't... take... my... sunshine away..."

I breathed out my last breath as I faded away from the world.

It was like I fell into the ocean, the light gets dimmer the deeper I fall. I kept sinking and sinking until the light just disappeared, it faded away from me forever.