Martin saw nothing but pitch blackness and a woman who sighed, her face filled with irritation at the metallic echoing of gears turning in the clock-tower. He stood - and rolled his eyes when the woman's face turned into anger.

"How many times have we done this, Elizabeth? I just want this to over; I just want to see-!"

"-What? Us two, together again, slowly dying after fighting Luther? I *made* you promise that you wouldn't die, and you didn't. But I didn't want you to bring me back-!"

"You were everything to me," Luther spoke, "-I brought you back to life because of necromancy-!"

Elizabeth crossed her arms, "I didn't want you to revive me, you little corpse-fucker!"

"-Oh for god's sake, Elizabeth, I would never fuck a corpse!"

The two stared at each other, only for Elizabeth to laugh. Elizabeth sat on a golden throne, clasping at the rapier that was fondly held by the former heroine, her mirthful shaking shook the sword. 

Meanwhile, Martin rolled his eyes, palming his face at the ridiculous site. "Honestly," Martin sighed, "I'm glad that you didn't take that seriously. I can see that you still have your... *wonderful* humour." 

Elizabeth chuckled, "Well, it's not like we haven't tried to die in the past eighty years." She smirked, "You have let yourself go; what happened to the genocidal villain who wanted to conquer everything?"

Martin puffed, "For fuck's sake, Elizabeth. That was me in my fifties," Elizabeth snickered, making Martin groan. 

Martin glared at Elizabeth, "You're going to laugh because of my name, aren't you?" Elizabeth guffawed; walking over to pat Martin's shoulder, before her guffaws were reduced to chuckles.

"It's been two hundred years since we've been friends - and I still can't get over that," Elizabeth's laughter rang in the tower like a bell, "The greatest conquer of all time - and his name is Martin!" 

Martin brandished his sabre, "O'Wise one, do you have a better name to call me?" Martin exaggerated his poise - and Elizabeth palmed her face.

"Really, Martin? *Really?*"

"Yes, really. Now, come on!" Martin grinned, "Let's see if we can break this promise, aye?" 

"Alright. First one to die is a chicken!"

Then, the two ran towards each other with loud guffaws. A few moments later, the world was filled with metallic clangs - and the haunting sound of cackling fire.



