In the December dusk, the bubbles of light around the street lamps, whirling with specks of sparkling ice crystals, looked like oversized snow globes.

“I want to capture the street outside,” Adolf said.  “Where do I start? Atmosphere? Lighting? A blitz of color?”

“You start by not painting,” Bob said. “First you need to understand. You start by thinking.”

The young aspiring artist flipped his hair to the side, narrowing his eyes.

“Careful deliberation is the key to a great painting,” Bob continued. “Remember; every stroke of the brush has consequences.”

“So, I start simple?” Adolf said. “The falling snow!”

Bob ran a hand through his thick hair and took a deep breath.

“That is a good place to start. A snowflake is one of Nature’s most beautiful creations,” he said.  “They’re all made out of the same water, but every snowflake is unique…”

“I think I get it now,” Adolf said and made a few quick strokes across the canvas. “The canvas is the province of my expression. It is a domain that I, alone, control and shape to fit my unique ideas.”

Bob shook his head and stopped the eager hand of the young artist.

“Your brush is a coryphée, and the canvas is a stage of white ice. The stage belongs to the art, not the artist,” Bob said.

“So, I need to pour my mind onto the canvas,” Adolf said and made another series of quick strokes. “I need to get it all out, and not consider my desires!”

Bob leaned over and plucked the brush out of young man’s moving hand mid-motion. 

“Wrong; your heart is your most valuable consultant,” Bob said. “That’s why you can’t rush. Some ideas are better left unexplored. Each color and stroke have to feel right in your heart. If your strokes are too fast and too many, your heart won’t be able to keep up.”

“I think I finally get it…”

Certain that he had taught Adolf the value of constraint and diversity, Bob Ross returned to his own time. On the way to the kitchen to grab a snack, he noticed that something was wrong with his world globe. The place that had previously said Europe now had big capital letters spelling GERMANY.

“What the hell…” Bob mumbled and grabbed his history book.

*Due to his icy restraint and meticulous planning, Hitler avoided a war on two fronts, taking his time to first defeat France and Great Britain before attacking Russia. Modern scholars have placed Hitler among iconic conquerors such as Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan, and named him The Artist of Warfare.*

*****
[/r/Lilwa_Dexel](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/5foev0/welcome/)