My name is Donald J. Trump. I wrote the *Art of the Deal*, I've built a tremendous business and made billions, and billions of dollars, and I want to take that talent, whatever it is, and put it to use to make Western monotheism great again.

I have many fantastic apostles, let me tell you -- and I say this not in a braggadocious way --  But my closest apostle, Dr. Ben Carson, is one of the great apostles of the world and, I think, will have a place at my side in the heavens as Angel of sleep and rest.

Many people have told me "Donald, you'll make a fantastic God! You should run for God, Donald!", and I've always said "No, no, it isn't for me". I never wanted to run. But what I look around and I see what is going on in the cosmos... People, we're getting ripped off. We're getting ripped off in blessings, we're getting ripped off in recruitment. The Buddhists -- and I have many great Buddhist friends -- but the Buddhists are beating us **BIGLY**. Because we're being led by incompetent dieties. The level of incompetence... If you had any idea, folks... Let me tell you. If you had any idea how incompetent our dieties are, you would be disgusted. Yahweh is a NASTY GUY! °He's a NASTY GUY! And... I like him. As a person, I like him. I really do. But he doesn't have a clue. Folks, we need a competent diety that knows what to do. You've got the Buddhists, okay, and they're going on and on and on about impermanence. Then you've got the upanishandic Hindus, and everything is just Brahman with them. But what do we have? 

I'll tell you, Yahweh has been off for two millenia golfing while monotheism is falling apart. You never see the guy! You never see him. He just leaves his hippy kid and dopey popes to take care of everything while he is teeing off in some other dimension, and they're running it in to the ground. People are getting complacent because they don't take us seriously anymore. When is the last time we've had a good flood? Hell, even a plague? Yahweh has lost his edge. He used to be a wrathful God, and I'll give him that, but he is washed up, folks, and it is time for a change.

I promise you, if you elect me for God, I will be wrathful, and many blasphemous heretics will suffer and die from my fiery rage. I will send a plague -- and folks, nobody sends plagues like me... I will send a plague that will take out *billions*. You haven't seen anything like it since the bubonic plague, I can promise you that.