Honoured members of the high council,
the topics discussed in this letter came to light over a course of several months in which the renowned Tront skald father of the midlands did a great deed in abridging a book I heired from my grandfather Harald Menderson.
During his prime he was invited to join an expedition formed to bring the King to his last rest behind the boiling mountains and was tasked to maintain the expiditon ships and boats and fulfilled the duty of the scribe.

Me grandfather was capable of reading and writing the old tongue in which this very diary is composed and it holds information that might be disturbing yet interesting.

The noble Tront requested to donate the book to your course of finding and veryfying traces of the elders.

A swift gathering of the contents for your convenience:
p. 46 "... alast the 17th day of pilgrimage to the tombs is over and the air is filled with faint scent of ashes.... the burial preparel ritual has begun"
p. 83 "... the landing lying behind us two days the warmth of the boiling mountain, fearsome yet comfortable, is very tiering"
p. 89 "... thus we have to admit that the contours shall not be of natural descent, touching and retracing them one might grasp that them "letter" are made by the hand of the gods"  
p. 95 "... so the sentence is that we shall not displace the signs of the elders"
p. 98 "... still no trace of the tombs the common concern is that we have gone astray"
p. 137 "... true that these constructions are not crafted by the hands of our forefathers, though they tell of ingenuity that only could be a gift of the elders. But who plannded built those brick temples"
p. 145 "... or is it? The gifts in the tomb resemble swords and knives of various shapes admittetly not of our origin amongst various vases that contain aged scrolls which shall not be unfolded for the would be torn apart."

Honord council, we sincerly hope that you might admit the importance of this modest heritage bestowed upon my family.



