The knife sliced his scrambled egg in half, cheese melted from its insides and stretched as the fork took the chunk to his mouth. Tomas smiled as he chewed, he always liked to make his monday morning's as pleasant as possible.


He put his now empty plate on the kitchen sink and walked to his sofa, lunging over it and falling on the soft cushions. He still had thirty minutes before having to go to work, so he turned on the tv.


Tomas flipped through channels, trying to find anything worth of his short window of leisure, when he found a blue image. The whole screen was blue and a constant tune played. "That's... weird." He thought, and flipped to the next channel.


The next one, however, was the same. And the next, and the one after that. He moved to the edge of the seat, thinking on standing and slapping his television back to it's senses, but a white text appeared in midst of the sea of blue. And them the recording played.


"Attention all citizens! Please remain indoors and do not look outside. I repeat: do not look outside. This is not a drill, remain indoors and do not look outside!" Sounded a both calm and alarming male voice from the television set.


Tomas looked around in his studio-like apartment, the blinds were still closed, his work clothes over a chair close to the kitchen table and not a soul he could ask what to do. Should he call someone?


He reached for his cellphone, unlocked it and stared at the screen: the signal bars crossed with an white 'x'. He tried to do an emergency call, but had no luck. Tried to turn on his GPS, but it also had no signal. He got up and paced, what should he do? The repeating message didn't help calming his nerves. He went for the door and grabbed the door handle, when he realised he still was in his boxers.


Tomas walked to the chair and grabbed his pants, but something felt off. He looked around and reminded himself he left his radio alarm on and it played on the background, but it wasn't music. He sat on his bed a grabbed the black thing with 6:43 flashing on it, he would be late for work soon enough.


He turned the volume wheel and a whisper turned into a female voice, she had a both calm and alarming tone to it. "... This is not a drill, evacuate immediately and get to high ground!" A tone played for some seconds, and the message started again. "Attention all citizens! Evacuate immediately and get to high ground. This is not a drill, evacuate immediately and get to high ground!"


His head felt dizzy. What was going on? His heart raced, he felt sweat rolling down his forehead. He jumped up banged on his wall, shouting. "HEY! ANYONE THERE? WHAT IS GOING ON?!"


He kept banging and shouting, he should've known the name of his neighbor, why didn't he pay more attention to that kind of stuff? No answer came and his hands hurt after some minutes. He stopped and listened, but just the two different messages could be heard. No sound came from the apartment next to his.

He paced back and forth in his apartment, but what should he do? He went back for the door and held the handle, taking deep breaths. Tomas went back in his living room one more time and put on shoes. Back at the door he took one more breath and pushed it open.