"I am Atom! Basic unit of matter for this brave new world!" First Man proclaimed in a stentorian call heavenward. Never sure where the spy sats were, he'd taken to addressing the sky generically. His mate, version three and so far so good, looked up from her weaving. 

"Great!" She enthused. 

"And you shall be, Eve! Named for a transition between states!" 

"Wonderful. What should we name the making thing?"

Atom was caught off guard by this leap; he had anticipated naming beasts, plants and rocks next not the semi-acursed genesplicer of the type used to forge his fleshy prison and a smuggled seed of which he was now using to make slight alterations to this planet's biomes. 

"Yggdrasil!" He proclaimed. "In whose branches are all knowledge and whose roots touch all things!"

Eve tilted her head to the side, frowned.

"Er, Sephiroth." He stated with slightly less confidence. "As above, so below; whose fibers conjoin the universe." He sorta trailed off as Eve began to glaze over.

She screwed up her face, unsure.

"What would you name it, love?" Damn his biological meat machine and it's infernal desires. In the interest of ensuring a warmer bed he had finally relented and let her name a few things. 

"Tree!" She said with a giggle. 

He rolled his eyes. Always Tree with this one. 

"Ok, fine. But-"

"What are those things?" Eve pointed to the single, gleaming 'fruit' suspended from the branch of the biomechanical splicer. It was sequenced to blend into the planet's ecosystem, the "roots" reaching down and tapping minerals, it's gray-green "leaves" generating solar power.  

"Ehh..."

His second mate, Lilith, had taken an interest in it and begun breeding monsters and worst: she'd used the Eat function to give herself fangs, wings and beast legs. More muscles and quicker reflexes. Very quickly she made herself smarter than he as well.

The overseers who put him here in the first place had destroyed her at Atom's suggestion: she was wrecking the ecology and, besides, he was *not* going to be mastered on a planet given to him. 

His first mate had remained unnamed. Made to his exact specifications she was docile, obedient and his intellectual inferior. Atom had made the mistake of watching as she was grown: bone, muscle and flesh layered up from the marrow cell by cell at amazing speed. 

"Apple." He said flatly. 

"That looks like no apple I've ever seen." 

"Apples always look different." *Great* he thought *now I'm gonna have to go back and make that true* "Honey, don't ever eat from that tree." 


 