*Years. So many years.* Shok introspected on the journey that took him this far. The sacrifices he has made. The pain he endured. The lies he told through his gritted teeth. The battles he lead to overwhelming victory. He nearly annihilated the elemental Gods in his crusade. Ravaged the druidic lands. Toppled the human empire. His sanity was long depleted, for as long as the Grand Emperor ruled over his dominion, the life of all living beings was doomed sooner or later. Shok dedicated his life to the study of war, for what?

"Arran!" Dust seeped from the ceiling as Shok's voice echoed through the throne room, momentarily a feeble ogre stepped forward from the shadows.

"Y-yes my kindest master?" The pathetic thing quivered. It's honesty as true to it's nature as its beauty.

"The cup has a dent. Replace it." With haste, Shok headed to the throne room. Finally being promoted as the right-hand man of the Emperor, it was bound he would stand beside him, just as his unfortunate predecessor.

"But sir, it is barely noticable." Arran argued, examining the cup. A wave of regret awoshed over him when the Grand General gazed over his shoulder and pierced his mortal soul.

"Your vitals will be barely noticable if you dare to quibble with me, you pathetic thing! Get out of my sight before you join the ranks of Gena!"

With that Arran, and the cup, would be nowhere to be found.

*Gena.* A campaign of extraordinary cruelty. The first, and by far, greatest scar left on this plane of existence. As a campaign of terror, the Dark Lord not only gifted the survivors to his minions, no, he turned it into a competition and would shower with gold whichever goblin tortured a human to the greatest extent. Many were taken as slaves; the women as sexual, the men for their labour, but all for their entertainment. Many captured that didn't enjoy the luxury of dying young would be kept imprisoned and tortured relentlessly, some even for years at a time. One of them Shok's mother. Shok's dear mother didn't have the mercy of dying, no, instead the Dark Lord founded an organisation of exceptionally sadistic and powerful Dark Etherals and directed them to use their power to study humans. Shok's mother befell in the category of terror. From the documentation it took only 42 hours for her to lose her sanity and 1688 hours to finally rest.

But that was in the past. And the past couldn't hinder Shok. This was the grand finale. The day he awaited for. And with that determination he swung the door open.

"We've another one." The cleric observed as her companions were too preoccupied scavenging whatever was salvagable. That is if anything, as Shok observed. The entire room was scorched, and you couldn't differentiate between a common goblin and the Dark lord since the crust on their skin was no different than the scaly, dark armor of the Emperor.

"Holster your weapons, heroes. I'm not an enemy, I'm an ally." *This changes things.*

"You? An ally? Emperor's right hand? Don't make me laugh." The Sorceress scuffled.

"You've wiped out the gnomish population." Paladin added.

"And spared as many as I could."

"You ravaged my lands!" The druid seethed with rage.

"I had no choice." Shok conceded.

"Enough! I won't be fooled by your trickery, traitor!" 

"Wait!" Shok held one palm open and in the other his dagger, halting the party in their battlestances, "if I truly was as corrupt as you speak, could I wield this." And with that Shok drew his blade from his holster. A pristine, enchanted blade with holy aura. A very distinct holy aura.

"That's a holy weapon..." Cleric dropped her stance, baffled, "But how could a being this wretched..."

"Only an honest and pure being could wield a holy blade. So believe me that I only did what I had to do. I did anything and everything to find the opportunity to come close to the Emperor and kill him. Without the head, the Dark Empire would topple. It took many years to find myself in this position and today was the day, or would be if not for you." 

"Many lay dead in your wake, Dark One." Warrior spat as he stared Shok down, "Why would we forgive you for your crimes, you degenerate! We should strike you down as your Dark Lord for the lives you took!" The Warrior stood, ready to draw his weapon.

Shok now drifted across the room, with a gleam in his eye, "Because I'm still useful to you, for one. And two, we both want the same thing." He stood over the Emperor's body, "As a matter of fact it's extremely convenient that you appear at this moment of time. Now my reputation is unhindered and I will take the position the Dark Lord. Think about it. You will have insider intel on all the machinations of the Dark Empire and with this knowledge we will be able to topple the regime once and for all."

"You're getting ahead of yourself, Dark One!" Paladin tensed.

"No, wait, he's right," Mediated the Cleric, "The Empire may have lost it's Emperor, and even though they won't find one as powerful as the one we killed, the war may still drudge on for many, many years. If we can truly implant one of ours into the regime as the Emperor... we could end all of this in under a year!" 

"Can we trust him? He is the Dark One." Sorceres eyed Shok suspiciously. 

"We don't have a choice. Plus he wields a holy blade. He wouldn't be be able to if he wasn't honest."

"Very well." The Paladin stepped forward, "I am honoured to establish this newfound Alliance."

Once the Shok and Paladin shook hands, the group headed for the exits, ready to shower in glory and wealth and prepare to fight another day.

"Wait!" Shok's voice echoed, hesitantly, "If you go through the front, an entire batallion will be ready to dismember you. There's a secret passageway for Emperor's safe escape. Just follow me."

The party cheerfully agreed and shared their laughs and thanks. As they disappeared into the corridor Shok drifted to the throne room, holding his holsted dagger. 

All of these sacrifices he has made. The pain he endured. The lies he told through his gritted teeth. All for naught. Meanwhile, the war with Dark Lord will cease and the land will return to its wretched glory where the poor are seen as nothing but subhuman filth and the Goblin war will be merely replaced by another Elvish war or Druid war. Just the way it was. Before the great war he couldn't decide whether things have become that different. Why wouldn't he take the chance to fix it all? He unsheathed the blade, the blade deisgnated to pierce the Dark Lord's chest, and contemplated.

"Arran!" He called out once again.

"Yes my master?"

"Discard of this blade at once," he handed the dimmed blade to the Goblin, "And clean the incineration room. I don't want to see even a smudge, understood?"

"Yes my master."