The officers glanced at each other. There was worry in that look.

"We weren't aware that you'd remarried," the bigger of the two said. "When was the last time you saw your ex-husband?"

"Ex?!" I spat. "I've been married to one man for ten years! You've got the wrong house!"

He looked down at the folder, tracing the text with his index finger. I had an old mugshot, back from when I was in University. Activism. I liked to pull it out at parties and rant about my glory days. Seeing it staring up at me from the paper made me feel so naked.

"I don't think so," he went on. "Look, this has to be hard for you. God knows it'd be hard for anybody. But the dental records were conclusive; the body we pulled out of the dam was your husband."

I broke a nail on the tea towel. When had I started wringing it like that?

"He's *in the fucking kitchen!*" I growled. "We're making *pasta!*"

He sighed. "Okay. Take me to him."

"No, you are not coming in!" I said. There was a bag of weed in the bedside drawer. I realised that cops weren't magicians who could detect narcotics from another room but something in my head told me not to let these people into my house.

His lips thinned. "Fine. You bring him to the door, and we'll be on our way."

I threw the towel over my shoulder. "Wait here."

I danced over the catastrophe of dirty laundry and boxes as the creamy aroma of alfredo sauce wafted out of the kitchen, mingling with the dusty musk of unclean carpets. I'd been hungry a moment ago.

"Honey, I-" I started, rounding the corner.

Everything was the way I'd left it. The dough was flattened against the breadboard, with several thin slices cut out of one side. The water and sauce were roiling on the stove, faint flickers of blue underneath them from the gas flame. The semolina was horizontal, with powder falling between the open zip-loc seals and onto the counters and floor.

But there was nobody there.

I figured he'd ducked to the bathroom, so I started off in that direction. I hadn't gone two steps before blistering pain seared the space between my eyes. I needed something to lean on, so I groped for the door frame as fluorescent zig-zags clouding my vision. The pain was right where my nose met my forehead, and as the colours danced in front of my eyes I made a mental note to go see Patchouli to get my chakras aligned, or some other garbage to make me feel better. The migraines had been getting more frequent.

I stumbled back to the front door, holding the tea towel over my eyes to protect them from the sunlight.

"I'm... I'm sorry," I muttered. "Can you come back later? I'm not feeling very well."

He hesitated. I wished I could look at him without feeling like my eyeballs were on fire.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I'm fine," I said. "I just need to lie down."

"We could call for an ambulance-"

*"No!"* I spat. Nobody in the house. "Please just... leave me alone."

I heard pen scratching on paper. "I'm giving you the number for our coroner. We're investigating but it shouldn't be too long before we can release the remains. In the meantime, you'll need to come down to the station to make a statement. Do you understand?"

I nodded. "Coroner. Statement. Yes."

He pushed the paper into my hand. "If you need a counselor, we can point you in the right direction."

I didn't say goodbye. I wasn't even sure if they were gone when I closed the door, and I hadn't been listening for their footsteps. All I could think of was getting rid of all the damned light in the living room so I traced the perimeter, yanking the curtains closed with one hand and covering my eyes with the other. By the time I got the light staunched, I felt the strength going out of my knees. Sitting seemed like a good idea.

I turned, extended one foot towards the chaise, and froze.

There was something in the room with me.

*Familiar* doesn't feel like the right word, but I had seen it before. I can look at a spider for months but I'll never really feel connected to it. Similarly, those yellow eyes held a place in my memory, but there was nothing familiar about them. And how could there be? They were the size of goddamned abalone shells.

I opened my mouth to scream. Before the sound could escape, it reached out with one of those digits that seemed half finger, half pincer, and touched me right where my head hurt. There was a new feeling now, enveloping me like a cool wind on a hot day.

*Peace,* I thought. *Quiet. Friend. Love.*

"Love," I said, spittle falling from the corner of my mouth. "Where did you go, honey? Somebody was at the door."

*"I REQUIRE PROTEIN,"* it said, like a million cicadas mimicking human speech.

"Protein," I parroted. "Yes. Of course. I'll go get the possum traps."