I picked up my glasses and slid them past my nose. Much better. Time has been my greatest enemy. You would think an all powerful god would  never need glasses but here we are. The ancient form of twisted metal throne protested as I leaned closer to the wisp of magic showing me the enormous battlefield of mountain, labyrinth and forest barring the way to the gates of my palace. There, kicking up dust and emerging from my favorite dark forest, was Yuriels latest champion. Fast on their way to ultimate victory and salvation for the land I'm sure. Pitiful.

It's quite comical to be honest. I looked down my hallway of collected treasures from Heroes past. Quite remarkable how many shades and sorts of gear Yuriels experiments have yielded. Another hero to grow my collection with their little trinkets, broken dreams and lost hopes. 

I peered into the mist once more. There was a brilliant white horse, no doubt magically enchanted to never tire, of course, bouncing a heavily armored hero on its back. Yuriel was a fan of horses. She probably put some ridiculous notion in this one's head that they are the only blessed hero that can save the realm. Only in a billion years is there one born with the blah blah blah....

There's a pile of them in my basement. 

I'll tell you one thing. Yuriel sure knows how to make armor. Finest craft in all the land. In fact, she got lucky once and some of my power was actually absorbed by one of her brightest masterpieces. Took a bit of effort to slay that one. Maybe there is something to this chosen one nonsense? Probably not. She also loves silver and gold. Not my first choice in metal. I much prefer the flavor of richer steels and exotic offworld metals. Gold is too soft for my liking. No crunch.

The shimmering obsidian gates to my palace creaked open. No denying that sound. As loud as my knee joints and just as irritating. It was time to perform. I have never been so entertained by so many guests but it was getting tiresome. Not to mention I was starting to get attached to her poor minions. They really try and she often sends them disgustingly unprepared. She also seems to hold an affinity to the lesser developed ones. They tend to be much more gullible and eager to please.

I truly feel sorry for them. When I arrived on this planet a lesser god known as Yuriel had the entire planet wrapped around her finger. She proclaimed to be benelovent and a loving goddess. She is the most irritating and narcissistic being I have ever had the displeasure to meet. Naked statues of her everywhere. Paintings and endless pottery showering her with borish praises, bent knees and endless worship. And for what? The poor creatures live and die serving her every whim. They bring her exotic spices, foods, gifts and young slaves from every corner of the planet. She even demands young virgin sacrifices. Why virgin I'll never understand. I think she might have some jealousy issues but she refused to talk to me about it. She's also taken such terrible advantage of the lesser beings on this primitive backwards planet. Oh, just imagine how disturbed the world is to know there are more powerful gods in the cosmos. Imagine her surprise when I wouldn't "bend the knee" as it were. Its unfortunate really. You don't meet too many folks with her level of power. It would have been nice to have a friend to walk on the stars with. Always one of my favorite past times.

"I have come to slay you! Your evil reign is done!"

Oh my I must of lost track of time. Reminiscent memories seem to distract me more powerfully as of late.

"Oh come in my friend, we have so much to talk about." 

As I looked up from my little whisper of magic a shimmering steel blade tip split the air before my face and thrust through the left lens of my most cherished onyx trimmed glasses. The brave little creature slowly withdrew the broken tipped blade and stared at it in horror. My glasses. My favorite glasses were ruined. 

Now I was angry. 

A sharp crack of thunder shook the walls and rattled the collected armor on their stands. That was enough. I was done. Yuriel can have her stupid planet back. I've had it with these ridiculous mortals and this stupid chosen ones game. The poor creature looks barely old enough to leave home.

My fingers snapped and an enormous bolt of crackling lightning erupted from my hand and vaporized the beast into dust, armor and all. From my hands in all directions I instantly levelled the palace and teleported my form before Yuriel. Reckoning had come. I stared straight into her shimmering blue eyes and I pointed straight at her face.

"You suck. I'm not playing this game anymore. And I'm going on a vacation." 

She stammered a few words before collecting herself. Several servants were hastily crawling away from me. Horrified screams erupted and the loud echo of soldiers stumbling away from the scene were almost enough to break my bad mood. 

"Have you changed your mind and decided to bow down to my greatness?" She managed to stutter.
It took all the strength I could muster to not vaporize everything in the immediate area but then it just didn't seem fair to harm so many because of a bad mood.

I rubbed my brow while looking down like a disappointed parent. My poor glasses.

"You really are full of yourself aren't you? I give up! Your people won't learn. You won't learn. I'm leaving."

"Good! Great! Begone then! I have vanquished thee and my people can now rejoice! The land has been saved! Come slaves! We will have a great feast in my honor! I have defeated the great evil that plagues the land!" 

She gestures towards the trembling poor creatures that couldn't make sense of the man floating several feet off the ground completely engulfed in black flames.

"Before I leave I'm going to give your people a gift. In my defense, you kind of had this coming."

I reached out and gently touched the woman's face. A brief smile cracked my lips, and in that instant I was gone. The volume of space I had occupied twisted slightly and snapped back like a burst bubble.

The room grew quiet. Several soldiers peered in around the corner to see what had happened. Yuriel started shaking. She looked at her hands. A slow horror crept upon her face. She realized the worst had just happened to her. Her hands desperately clawed at her cheek. Her power was gone. There was no strength surrounding her. No magical finesse. Nothing. Only herself. Naked, mortal and screaming as the slaves started to realize the chosen one had actually saved them afterall.