“Sure, I can pass along the message. Who is this for again?” The older woman across from me looks down at her hands, her face creases in contemplation. She doesn’t even look up at me when a reply leaves her lips,

“Abigail Forester. She will be born in September of 2026, but don’t give her this message until December of 2070.” A wave of disbelief came over me. 2070? That can’t be right, that’s fifty years from now!

“Surely you’re joking!” I laugh nervously. I scan the stranger for any sign of insincerity or perhaps madness, but nothing makes itself clear. Her head raises from across the table, her brown eyes piercing into my brain,

“Look, this is very important.” She takes a deep breath. Her hands briefly touch my own in a comforting gesture. “No one else in New York would take me seriously. Trust me, I’ve tried them all.” She runs her fingers through her thick greying hair. She smiles at me, and instinctively, I smile back.

“Ma’am, your request is crazy.” I tell her bluntly; her smile falls slightly, and she leans back. “But I suppose nothing is impossible.” I drink the rest of my lukewarm coffee. Chuckling to herself, the stranger gets up from the small, metal table. She waves at me and adjusts her collar, flashing one last smile before she disappears into the streets.

“Happy New Year, Harrison!” A voice calls out from the bustling crowd.

\--

Snow is falling in large clumps, blanketing the covered heads of New Year’s Eve spectators. Their rosy cheeks lift into smiles as they clap and cheer on the performers. The sounds of synthesized guitar and crooning baritone blend together in the cold air. From leagues above the crowd, cozy apartment parties observe lazily from the skyline. The sound of clinking champagne glasses and polite conversation drown out the bacchanalian festivities below.

Abigail stares down at the flashing lights and excited crowd, her breath creating a fog on the window. She wrings her hands in anticipation.

“Abby, darling!” A voice croons from behind her. Abigail whips around to see an older, rotund woman with a large feather boa. The woman lifts a knarled finger to her cheek. “Looking young as always, not a day over twenty-six!” She looks down at Abby’s dress “And the devilish body to go with it! Me-ow!” Abby steps back and nods politely, quickly ushering herself towards the table of various wines.

She shakily pours a glass of red wine and downs it without thinking. If it was up to her, New Year’s Eve would best be spent in her old apartment or reveling with the crowds below. But Jess begged her to come to her stuffy work party, and Abby didn’t have the heart to say no to her girlfriend. The wines were old and more expensive than her car, the people were friendly but incredibly out of touch. She had to keep breathing or else the walls would threaten to collapse in on her.

As if summoned by her discomfort, Jess sidles up behind her. She lays a kiss into the crown of her head “Doing okay, hon?” she mumbles into her hair

“I’m alive, so that’s a start” Abby replies, staring upward beyond her brow line. Jess shifts herself into view, her short, greying bob contrasting with an elegant black bodysuit. She steadies her clear, brown eyes on Abby.

“The ball drop is in a few minutes, I think we might want to move to the balcony.” Abigail nods and walks slowly, holding on tightly to Jess’ arm. They find a place on the steel balcony next to the space heater. The snowflakes vaporize as soon as they touch the boundary of the heaters, filling the air with a light mist.

The television in the background magnifies the voices down in Time’s Square. A young, clean-cut man strides confidently into center stage and the crowd erupts in cheers.

“He-llo New York!” More cheers from the crowd. “Are you ready to welcome the year twenty-seventy-one?” A muffled “yeah” seems to cascade through the crowd. The man sobers up slightly. “Before we do that, I’d like to honor my predecessor, Harrison Wright, who was unexpectedly killed in a skydiving incident last Fall.” The crowd grows silent, some audible sobbing can be heard. “Now, Harrison would want us to celebrate, so we at INN have made a tribute celebrating Harrison’s life.” A hologram materializes behind the man, the text reads “The Wright Man at the Right Time: A Story.” The other lights dim as the announcer reads along to the animations.

A young man in a large trench coat appears, drinking coffee from a paper cup. “Harrison Wright began his journey in 2020, when he dropped out of law school to become an entertainer.” The man throws the coffee on the ground and runs off stage right “He started at a local news station as the man who would report on happenings: fires, rescued puppies, high school sports games. You name it, Harry was on the scene!” A man appears holding the hand of a young high school football captain, beaming into the camera and shaking his hand vigorously.