“Getting old is no fun,” I conspiratorially whispered to Jake, a spitfire of a lad who had soft brown eyes and a chipped front tooth from an errant football.   

“But everyone says its better,” he said, beginning to pout. He eyed my slice of birthday cake enviously. “You are ***really*** old, grandpa. You get to do whatever you want!” 

“The best part about life,” I said, feeling my expression shift into seriousness, “is allowing yourself to enjoy it. If you keep on waiting for the next goal or something in the future, you’ll find yourself old and boring before you know it.”

Jake wrinkled his nose. “I don’t want to be as old as you,” he said emphatically. “You’re very boring.”

I grinned. “And we wouldn’t want that, now would we?” I said, before laughing at his quick nod of agreement. 

For the next few minutes, we talked about nothing and everything as Jake talked about himself, his school, football, video games, and anything else that flitted through his mind. I just sat back and watched, smiling despite the dull ache in my chest. 

I had never liked growing old. Some people took to it with grace and dignity, while I always felt like life was taking things away and giving little in return. I missed football. I missed hanging out with the lads. I missed my wife. 

I started as Jake stopped talking, glaring at me. “Are you even listening?!” Jake demanded petulantly. 

“Of course I am. You were talking about how you craft a mine -”

“No!” Jake snapped, shaking his head so hard I was surprised it didn’t rattle. “It’s called Minecraft, grandpa, I’ve told you this a million times -”

He continued to talk about Minecraft while I struggled to comprehend what he was saying. Making your own world? There was a whole world outside. I didn’t understand, but I smiled and nodded in the right moments, my mind stubbornly reliving the past while I sat listening to the future.

A few minutes later, the birthday cake came out. “Ninety-three!” Jake exclaimed. “You’re close to a hundred!” 

Everyone laughed as I shot Jake another conspiratorial look. “I’m not ninety-three,” I said, smiling as I slowly reached for the cake, which had been set down on the table. Barbara, my daughter, went to pick up the cake again, her eyes wide with alarm, but I subtly shook my head.

“See?” I said, grinning as I shifted the three so it was in front of the nine. I’m thirty-nine, Jake. I’ve still got many years left ahead of me.”

Jake looked me over doubtfully. “I don’t think so,” he said skeptically. “You look old.”

“You look old!” I said, glaring at him mockingly as I dramatically thrust a finger at him.

“Do not!” he shouted, before Barbara stepped in, struggling not to laugh as she placed the cake in front of me.

“Here you go, *Dad*,” she said, rolling her eyes at me as I looked up at her and winked. 

“You don’t look a day under fifty, my dear.”

Barbara raised her eyebrows and shot a wry look to the chuckling crowd. “I think a trip to the morgue is in order after cake,” she said, making the room burst into laughter and catcalls as I smiled and went to blow out my candles.

“No!” Jake said desperately. I stopped, raising my head slowly in question at my grandson, whose eyes were wide with horror.

“You have to make a wish before you blow them out grandpa. It’s the rules.”

“Of course,” I murmured, smiling softly at Jake. “How foolish of me.”

*I want to be young again*, I thought sadly, lowering my head to blow out the candles. 

It seemed fitting.