"Hey you mother fucker!"

"Oh no, I think you're looking for Oedipus."
The crack of a fist hitting a face knocked Zeus on his ass. 

"Oh what the fuck?" groaned Zeus as he rubbed the new bruise on his cheek. He rose as looks of anger, confusion, and pain flashed across his face. A deafening boom rang out and a flash of lightning turned the mortal into a pile of ash. Zeus turned back around and went back to eating and drinking. The sounds of footsteps continued to reverberate in the marble palace. Another boom rang out, and another, and another. The mortal's march continued. He raised his fist and cocked it back like a ballista. 

"WAIT!" Zeus cried out. "What do you want?"
He kept walking towards Zeus and grabbed him by chest, pulling their faces close together. 

"I want you" He pointed towards Zeus. "to keep your cock" He pointed below Zeus' belt. "out of my wife." He pointed down below the clouds.

The mortal heard the crackle of electricity, but headbutted Zeus before he could send a bolt from his fingers. Grunting through his teeth like a cowboy in a movie that wouldn't be filmed for a few more centuries, the mortal asked "Do you understand me?"

"Yes... I mean, yes sir" Zeus croaked out shakily. "Good." said the mortal with a sense of relief. He dropped the god of gods and turned to walk away. A wet slap reverberated off the walls as Zeus' sweaty body hit the ground. "You know we wouldn't have to do this if you'd stop fucking her, right?" the mortal added. "I can't help it, I'm a sex addict, I'd stop if I could, but I can't, it's just because..." The mortal looked over his shoulder with the same look he walked into the room with. "I mean, I'm sorry I won't let it happen again." Zeus said like a child in time out.

"That's better." He turned and walked through the palace doors with a grin on his face, and the blood of a god on his hands. 


Zeus turned to Athena and quipped "You know, If *we'd* raised Heracles, he wouldn't have turned out like such a huge dick."