She was tall, pale, raven-haired with high cheekbones and an elegant frame. She moved with an arachnid grace, like the bar was her own web. There was a predatory gleam her eye as she surveyed a roomful of unworthy barflies.

I, drunk on courage and cheap booze struck up an even cheaper conversation. Small talk. I forget much of what I said, but I was amazed that she responded with interest. Caught in her web, I blundered forward and uttered words that would change my entire life.

"Your place?"

She laughed darkly, the music of her voice ringing deep irony and mirthless humor as she said, "you wouldn't say that if you knew my father."

"Live with your dad, huh?" My mouth ran ahead of my wits once again, and she frowned ever so slightly. That frown was as ice down my spine as I realized my blunder, and I said my first intelligent words that evening, "I'm your ticket anywhere,  beautiful spider."

---

My drunken fingers fumbled for an Uber but she wouldn't have it. A limousine built like a stretch hearse crept to the curb and then slid silently away through the darkened streets as I came to know my abductor, and she greedily surveyed her prize.

She was direct. She knew what she wanted, and I willingly gave all I had and more. Her dress fled her shoulders and I was in her thrall, the walls of my apartment standing silent witness to our doings, and wincing at the scratches and bites, hisses and moans that punctuated the night.

For weeks she held absolute dominion over my phone, my bed, my mind, heart and... everything else. A text would send shivers, calls lasted inexplicable hours, and her presence was a drug. 

She begged to be dominated, but there was no question who was in control.

---

My world ended at five 'o clock Thursday afternoon, on a blustery fall day. I finished an ill-conceived donut as I turned a corner into the company garage, and my gut went cold.

A limo like a stretch hearse stood open, waiting. I loosened my tie, and stared at the silent attendant.

He, too, was tall and pale. He wore what I can only describe as funereal clothes, a darker-than-charcoal three-piece whose only splash of color was the hint of red paisley pattern on his bow tie.

His gaze transfixed me with empty eyes, his expression neutral, humorless and without pity. She was nowhere to be seen, but this creature was inevitably tied to her.

He gestured, and I went in.

END OF CHAPTER ONE -- How'd I do?
