Bond heard the rockets ignite. Strapped into the car, the G-force drove him backwards into the seat, sending his cheeks tearing into his face. His lungs compressed, then almost collapsed, as his entire being shook.

All the while, he thought he could hear Musk's evil laugh. 

He would not go out like this. 

****

The rockets plunged into space. At his current trajectory, he would forever be stuck in orbit, his corpse withering away in isolation - the perfect crime. Musk would have won, and no one on earth would know that their savior was in fact their doom. Musk had revealed his plans for humanity in true villain fashion - even he could not resist a monologue. 

Bond knew how helpless his situation was. There were no parachutes, no way to cancel the payload detachment. Though Bond had survived countless missions before, he knew that this was his end. 

But he planned to go out in style. 

He eventually managed to pry his right arm loose from the straps. With that, he switched on the car, accessing the GPS system.

He knew there was no way of landing safely back on earth... he could only crash. But he could crash with *purpose*.

Musk had let his hubris get the better of him, Bond thought, as he hacked into the GPS system with a small, metallic object - a deceptively simple device, but then again, Musk was a man of simple efficiency. He used the same GPS system on the car as the rockets itself, and it was a simple task of linking the two operating systems together.

He typed in his destination, pressed 'confirm', and felt the rockets shudder. They used the last of their fuel to divert their course back to earth, then detached themselves soundlessly.

Bond kept on telling himself it was for the good of the world. That this was a selfless act. 

But deep down, he tasted revenge. 

As he entered the atmosphere, the car burning up, he stared at the blinking GPS system. His destination was nearing, ever so quickly. 

As he felt his suit set alight, as a magnificent house came into view, he could only hope that Musk was home. 

****

[CroatianSpy](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/)