      My mornings were simple: wake up, use the bathroom, get some coffee and eat whatever I whipped up that morning. This morning went from simple to weird at the coffee part. 

      My brew had just finished, and I'd started pouring some into my favorite mug. The coffee fumes had started working their magic, and I was slightly more awake than before. Deciding I had enough in my cup, I looked up to the kitchen window to check the weather outside.

    Except I wasn't in my kitchen anymore. I blinked a few times, confused. Huh...?

    "Holy shit...!"

    "Dear Lucifer!"

  Sitting beside me were three teens who looked scared out of their minds. Well, they looked like normal teens except for the horns and pointed tails. They were sitting around a coffee table, their hands placed on a ouija board.

     We starred at each other for what felt like hours. Just what in the world was going on? Just how strong did I make my coffee this morning?!

     "Um, hi?" I raised my hand in a feeble attempt of a greeting, but it only caused the situation to get worse. All three screamed in terror and hauled ass to another part of the house, tails literally hanging between their legs. A long string of "Fuck!"s, "We're gonna die!", and "I told you we shouldn't have touched it!" could be heard as they ran into a room down a hallway and slammed the door behind them.

     I took a huge swig of coffee, in the small hope that the hot liquid would help me make sense of what was going on. 

     At least this morning couldn't get any weirder. 

       I placed my coffee pot and mug on the table, and inspected the board the kids had been huddled around earlier. It looked like your average ouija board; letters, a sun and moon, decorative edging, the works. Except for the pentagram near the bottom of the board, that is. What was even the point of that? 

     Since there wasn't much else I could do, I walked down the hallway towards the room the teens  had fled to. It wasn't hard to find, since you could still hear their panicked screaming from the inside. 

     "This is all your fault, Lucas!" 

     "I didn't force you guys to play! None of us thought we were gonna summon a fucking human!"

      "I want my mom!" 

     Okay, these kids were definitely not human. Demons, maybe?

   I knocked on the door lightly, which only elicited more screaming. 

  "Hey! Excuse me! Could you guys stop screaming for a second?" 
 
    The screaming stopped, but it sounded like at least one of them was crying. 

     "Thank you! Now, could you guys help me go home? I don't want to be here anymore than you guys want me here." 

     Some squabbled debate started in the room.
    
       "Should we listen to it?" It sounded like the older girl in the group. 

       "Hell no! It's just trying to draw us out there so it can kill us!" Definitely Lucas.

       "What else are we supposed to do then?! We can't get out without opening the door, and who knows how long that human's gonna stay there?!" Older girl again.
      
        "U-um, maybe we c-can outrun it?" The younger girl asked. 

        "Let's just wait until Dad gets home. Then he can kill it."

    Uh, no. The idea of dying in some unknown place did not sound appealing.

         "Look, I'm not going to hurt you! I just wanna leave and go home!" I cried, while trying to not let panic show in my voice. 

         Silence. Then, the door creaked open, along with the older girl saying, "Diana, wait!" The younger girl, Diana, peeked through the opening at me. 

        "You promise you're not going to hurt us?" She asked, tears streaming down her face. 

        "I promise, as long as you guys promise the same." I replied, the idea of potentially dying still on my mind. 

        Diana smiled, and nodded her head. She opened the door wide, revealing the kids' hiding place to be a bathroom. Lucas sat on the toilet, and the other girl was curled up in the corner.

         "So, uh, you guys want to tell me how the heck I got here?" 

       The girl sitting on the floor shot Lucas a dirty look. 

      "Lucas thought it'd be a great idea to play with a ouija board!" She said, still miffed with him.

      "As I said before, all I did was ask if you wanted to try the board out!" He growled in frustration, making noises no human could make. 

    "And how did you guys summon me? Don't really see how playing with one of those would end up with me standing in my underwear in your living room."

       Everyone looked at each other, confused.
 
      "Not sure" Diana said. "I think Audrey said something, and you were suddenly there." 
 
      "I told you it wasn't my fault!" Lucas jumped off of the toilet, pointing at Audrey and beaming. 

       "Shut up." Audrey glared at him even harder than before. 

     "I don't care who did what. Can you guys just un-summon me and pretend like this never happened?"

     Everyone returned to the living room. I grabbed my coffee, and the kids say back down around the board. Audrey flipped through an instruction booklet, one that presumably went with the board. 

     "Hey, human?" Diana asked.

     "Yeah?"

     "What's your name?"

     "Samantha."

     Diana smiled again. "That's a nice name." 

     "Thanks." Wow, who knew demons could be so polite?

     "Alright, the closest thing I can find is saying goodbye to whatever we talk to through the board." Audrey said after skimming through the book. "If that doesn't work, then we can try closing the board. In the case that doesn't work, well..."

       "We're fucked." Lucas finished. 

        "No, we'll just have to find some other way. But let's not worry about that right now." Audrey replied, shooting him yet another dissatisfactory look. "Are you ready, Samantha?" She turned her attention back to me.
    
       "Ready as I'll ever be." 

      All three put their hands back on the planchette. 

       "Thank you for talking with us. But we have to say goodbye now." Audrey said. They moved the planchette to goodbye.

         I blinked. Then, I blinked again. Nothing changed. 

       "Um, goodbye Samantha?" Audrey tried different variations of it, even saying something in a foreign language. Nothing changed. 

     "Well, shit. You might be stuck here longer than we hoped." Lucas chuckled nervously, giving me a wry smile. I just sighed and took a long drink from my now lukewarm cup of coffee.

      This was going to be long day.