Damon felt the rain beat down on the hood and shoulders of his black parka; he was grateful to be dry, but still annoyed by the prospect of standing out in the storm for another hour or so. The night was bitterly cold, and the low visibility had him feeling a bit nervous. 

"Why can't we guard them from inside?" a whiny voice crept up from just behind his right ear. "What if someone sneaks in while we're standing out here with our heads down?"

Damon reached his right hand over his shoulder and stroked the scales of the source of the voice, "I suppose they're discussing highly classified information, not for grunts' ears." 

The arms of his weapon tightened a little more snugly across his chest, and the voice cried out again. "I'm not some cold-resistant northern drake, you know? Good luck placing an accurate shot with me shivering in your arms."

Damon chuckled a bit, "Easy, Rob. Inclement weather has never stopped us from hitting our targets."

"*Practice targets*," Rob hissed.

Damon patted his drake on the head and lifted his eyes to scan out in front beyond the large barrels resting on the wooden walkway. Behind him were the double-doors to a small inn where the officer he was charged with escorting was most likely enjoying a few drinks and a warm hearth. To his right, the two guards who'd arrived with a naval officer just moments after he did; one of them had a drake similar to Rob slung over his shoulder, and the other hadn't taken his hands out of his parka's pockets since they'd arrived, but Damon could see the tails of two smaller dragons snaking out from each. He wondered if their drakes were sentient; most standard issue dragons weren't, but if you could prove yourself as a marksmen, then the Core usually saw fit to issue you a weapon you could communicate with. Damon had always been a great shot, but his accuracy was truly remarkable with Rob.

The other two guards joked and chuckled lowly, all together ignoring Damon and the immediate surroundings, so he continued to keep a somewhat lethargic look out. The cobblestone street was empty, it was only a few hours until dawn, and there were no lights to be seen in the windows of the wooden buildings across the way; nobody had come in or out of the inn since they'd arrived, and he assumed it was empty aside from those taking part in the 'meeting'. He tried to glance up at the second story windows on the other side of the street, but the thick rain immediately blinded him. The dark of the storm was all consuming, and the lantern just above the inn doors flickered faintly. 

"I can't see a damn thing out here," Damon grumbled loud enough for the others to hear him.

Finally, one of them spoke to him, in a harsh, teasing voice. "What are you worried about, eh? Ain't nobody coming for two asshole officers trading sex stories in a pu..."

There was a sound like a piece of hail hitting the inn's patio, and the man stopped speaking abruptly with a grunt. Damon held out his hand to check for falling ice, but suddenly realized his mistake when the other guard fell to his knees and began to wail. 

"It's burning! Fuuuuck!"

He rolled around on the ground as he screamed, and Damon could see what looked like steam rising from his abdomen. The guard's drake began to hiss before letting go and scurrying behind a barrel. Both Damon and the guard still standing knelt down to assist the man, when a few more thuds rang out. 

"Get down!" Rob shouted, and the two men reacted accordingly. 

Damon looked back at the inn's doors and spotted three dark points protruding out from the wood; suddenly, they all melted down into an acidic substance that charred the wood black.

The wounded man had stopped screaming, and now laid motionless on the wood—a burned pit in his gut and blood flooding out from his mouth. 

"What the hell!?" The other man was panicking. "What is that? Poison?"

"I don't know," Damon breathed steadily, trying to calm himself. "Those shots hit low on the door; they must be coming from the second story across the street, can you see anything?"

The other guard poked his head up over the barrel and shook his head, "I can't see shit." 

The dead man's drake had crawled over to its master's corpse and was letting out a terrible cry.

Rob crawled around to Damon's chest and into firing position, "Shall we hit the windows?" 

Damon shook his head, taking a moment to think, before turning his back to the barrel and looking upward, "The light!"

Rob flowed beautifully with Damon's movement, and the lantern above them was blown out instantly. 

"It's no good out here," Damon said calmly as he wrapped up the sobbing drake in one arm. "On my word, we bust through the door and slam it shut as quickly as possible. Let them come to us."

The other guard was in a crouching position, and his two slender drakes slithered into position on either hand, "We're with you."

Damon readied himself, gripping the two dragons tightly, and locked eyes with the other man. "Go!"

They burst to their feet and crashed through the doors, falling flat inside the inn and kicking the doors closed. Damon felt the vibration on his feet against the door as a few more shots hit; he'd let go of the other drake and was lying on his back pointing Rob directly at the doors. 

"What the hell is going on?" He heard an unfamiliar voice from behind him.

Damon got slowly to his feet and turned around. The two officers were standing at a table a dozen or so feet away, and the inn-master was resting in a chair with mug in hand. The heavy rain fell hard all over the building, easily loud enough to muffle the guard's screaming.

Damon's naval companion spoke first, and it was the last words he heard from him. "Sir! We're under attack..."

A mighty roar followed by an amazing flash of heat lifted Damon off of his feet and sent him soaring across the room. He felt the two drakes separate from his grip in mid air, and he crashed down behind the inn's small bar. 

He heard voices amidst the sound of crackling fire as he came to and found himself staring up at the ceiling. He searched around for Rob and was distraught to only find the other guard, now lifeless, and his two small drakes weeping softly on his chest. There was a gurgling sound somewhere out behind the safety of the bar, accompanied by a pitiful moaning, and then all was quiet except for the popping of the consuming flames. 

He didn't dare peak over the counter, but what he heard next made him act quickly. 

"And the drakes?" A soft female voice, just a whisper above the fire. 

"They're slaves, better off dead." A dragon's voice, but the booming kind that comes from one much bigger than Rob.

There was a sound of a knife piercing scales and a feeble screech, and then Rob's weak voice. "Please... Please don't..."

Damon was already arming himself with the two crying drakes, they hissed vengefully as they locked themselves into firing position on his wrists, and he threw his arms over the counter and opened fire. 

The drakes shrieked loudly as they expelled shards of razor sharp ice at their targets, and Damon assumed he'd landed a few shots as he heard the large dragon wail. 

Another mighty roar, and the counter of the bar exploded before him. He was propelled back into the wall, and he could feel the massive splinters that had pierced throughout his body. His vision was a blur of rising embers and smoke as he looked out beyond his destroyed cover, and a dark, slender figure sauntered over the wreckage towards him. He instinctively lifted one of his arms, somehow managing to slowly bring it perpendicular to his chest through the pain, but the poor drake hung bloodied and dead from his wrist. His arm fell to his side as the figure arrived, and it knelt down before him. 

"You know, we might not have noticed you if you had just stayed quiet," the women's voice was affectionate, almost sympathetic, and Damon saw something slither from her wrist as her hand stroked his cheek. 

"Rob... My drake.."

"Isn't that sweet? I guess some of you Core boys really do care," she put her finger to his mouth. "Shhh. You'll be with him soon enough."

The drake that had crept off of her arm bit gently into Damon's neck, and he watched the comforting fires burn as the poison did its work. 

/r/BeagleTales 

**Thank you all for the kind words and amazing feedback! I’d definitely be interested in starting a series from this (I know I ended it with the deaths of these characters, but I’ve got a lot of ideas for where I could take this) so if you liked it, keep an eye out at my sub for more!**