My number was 278.
All of my friends were all happy go lucky and even Dan, the daredevil of our group and a fireman, only came close 15 times. And yet, my number was 278. I didn't have a dangerous job, I worked at a nice law firm downtown, I don't drive aggressively, I don't really drink or smoke. But I would have had to have been near death almost every single day that past year to get 278. The Grim Reaper must have been more sexually frustrated than I was because of how often I've been close to the line. And so, why the massive number? I went to my doctor immediately afterwards to make sure I was healthy, ran a whole load of tests. It confused me so much. What was I doing that made me so close to dying? I'm not suicidal so the obvious answer was out. 
I turned on the TV like usual before going to bed for the night, nothing out of the ordinary. Just watching the same shit I did every week, reruns of old sitcoms I loved when I was in college, that new crime thriller that comes on every Thursday. And I couldn't figure it out. 
But my week suddenly changed when I found her on the side of the road, limping, starving. I saved Bella's life and she would be so giving as to save mine. Instead of sleeping and watching TV I suddenly had an 85lb alarm clock for when I was going to be going for walks or waking up in the middle of the night or snuggling with a numb leg and a mouth full of hair.
When I went in the following year, I had dropped to 130! Still too high I know, but I was ecstatic to make so much progress. A month later Bella got out over the fence one morning and I thought I had lost her for good. Thats when I realized it.
I hadn't really been living most of the time in that past year. She had made me go outside my comfort zone, smile, and generally changed how my life played out. I knew I had to get her back. 
It was Stacey who found her. She already had my number from the lost posters and apparently loved Bella already and the feeling seemed to be mutual. So we arranged for a play date with our dogs at the park. 
And that was the day when my counter fell to 0. 
In these past 25 years I have yet to have 1 day where I have been close to death. Bella made me live a life and Stacey, my wonderful wife and mother of our beautiful daughters, made me want to never be that un-living ever again.
Thank you for your time in listening to my sappy story, but my oldest is getting married today and Grace, my beautiful daughter, I am so very proud of you and happy for you two.