I flinched as he appeared. They had only just thrown me back in my cell. I managed to use what little strength I had left to prop myself in the corner. “They really took it out on you today, huh kiddo?” 

I tried to respond, but only managed a weak smile in his direction as I lost consciousness again. This happened fairly frequently when he’d visit. He always waited patiently for me to wake up though. His visits were the only thing that kept me going. He would come in and distract me from the pain, tell me about the world and the prophecy. One day, my true power would appear and then I would save the world. That’s why I was here after all, if they could turn me to evil my power would sway things in their favor.

I woke to my arm being force over someone’s shoulder. “Please, not now...” I said weakly, still coming into focus. 

“Wake up, Kid.” Came a gruff, but familiar voice.

“Malik?” I winced as he lifted me to my feet, trying to take pressure off my broken leg. “I don’t understand. What ar-“ 

“I’m getting you out of here, Kid.”

“But your job- the prophecy-!” 

“Prophecy be damned! Fuck destiny! I am not going to sit around and watch this happen any longer. I TRIED to do this right! I TRIED to send heroes on a GODS QUEST to save your ass, but NOOO they all chicken out or die before they can reach you! Fuck my job! The other angels can deal!” In a blinding flash of light, we were outside. 

My eyes were still adjusting to the light of the sun when another flash of light sent me reeling. When my eyes focused again, there was another angel, nose to nose with Malik. “It’s about time! I thought you’d never figure it out!”

Malik’s brow furrowed, “Figure what out, I went against orders. I broke the prophecy. It said that a mortal would save-“ 

“This IS the prophecy! I, Azriel, hereby demote you. I strip you of your wings and banish you to live out the rest of your MORTAL life here.” He grinned wickedly, “Or at least until you prove you are still worthy of your position, say by- oh I don’t know- saving the world perhaps?!” He shrugged. “Eh, it’s none of my business. I don’t tell mortals how to live their lives.” With a chuckle, he was gone and so were Malik’s wings. 

That was the where our adventure began.

Edit: grammar fixes.