“What the fuck?” I yelled, jumping out of my bed. My head slammed into the wall behind me, knocking my glasses off of my face. The dog, Ophelia, looked up at me in annoyance and went back to sleeping. 

Immediately I had a throbbing headache. I struggled to keep down the beer I had been drinking moments ago and the whiskey that had preceded it. 

As I fell back onto my bed I saw the bear start to walk towards me.

“Jesus Christ,” he said. 

“Good thing your roommates are out tonight, or we’d have a lot to explain,” he chuckled. 
“What the fuck are you?” I asked. 

“You said it yourself friend, I’m the fucking Devil.”
“Fuck off.”

The bear crawled back onto my bed. It walked over to the dog and woke it back up. Ophelia jumped back and ran under my arm. The bear, not put off by this, put his paw upon her ear and began rubbing it. 

“I’ve seen you cuddling with her long enough to know that’s her favorite spot,” he said. 

“What do you want?” I responded. 

“Okay, Andy. There’s a lot of catch you up on here.”

“Why are you in my room? Have you always been here?”

“Yeah, lets just say that it’s in your genes but it skips a lot of generations.”

“What the hell is that supposed to mean? That in no way answers question.”

“Look around the room kid, the heavy metal theme, your intense feelings towards social justice and your hardcore liberal politics?”

“Being the Devil I get a bad rep, but let’s consider for a moment the possibility that I represent something other than evil incarnate.”

“I’ve been with you since you were born kid, you may not have known it, you may not have seen me, but I have been here influencing you from the shadows.”

I looked to my right, reached onto the floor, and grabbed my pipe. Reaching onto the bedside table I took my grinder and unscrewed the top half. Packing a bowl I put the glass pipe to my lips and took a hit. Closing my eyes I sank down on the bed. I rolled over, onto my stomach and kept them closed to the count of 45. 
I rolled back over and looked up. The bear was bent down, looking over my face. 

“Feel free to smoke as much as you want Andy, in fact, let me get you another shot.”

The bear walked out of the room. I heard drawers opening and closing in the kitchen. The bear walked back in, holding a very generous shot of bourbon. I took the shot and disposed of it quickly. Savoring the warmth of the bourbon I leaned forward and asked the bear another question.

“Why are you showing yourself now, what do you want?”

“You have a path ahead of you kid and a lot to learn, it’s best we begin immediately.”