Thunder crashed outside my window, waking me up. I sighed, rubbed my eyes, and looked at the clock. 6:30. Yep, time to get up. I stood slowly, stretched, then sauntered to the sunlit bathroom. As I did my business, I noticed the number in the corner of my eye. 7212. I frowned.

I'd never had a reason to rewind the day before. I mean, my life wasn't perfect, but it obviously wasn't worthy of being rewound for a better outcome either. I returned to my room, changed for work, and left, still puzzling over why I would choose to reset the day so many times.

Some coworkers invited me to the bar after work. I took them up on their offer, but only sat in the corner and listened to their stories. Some of them were about work, others were about "the good old days." When it was clear they didn't see me, I excused myself and left. I walked around the city for a little bit, enjoying the fading sunshine, when my phone started to ring.

"Honey, you have to help me," Rebecca said when I answered.

"How?"

"I... I don't know, just come over." She hung up. That short exchange was not like her at all.

I sprinted to our apartment complex and ran up the stairs as fast I could. I was panting by the time I got there. I knocked. No answer. Tried the door. Locked. I debated getting the key out or kicking the door down. The door was faster. I kicked.

Wood splintered as the door gave away to my kick. The apartment that lay beyond was dark. I pulled out my phone and turned on the flashlight, uncertain of what I would see if I turned on the lights. I checked all the rooms, but came up empty. I looked out the window, wondering where she was, how she needed help.

And then I saw her. Her clothes rippling, hair loose in the wind. The posture, even in mid-air, that spoke volumes about how she'd given up on life. I was too stunned to move. Even as her body hit the sidewalk below, all I could think about was her. And the thunder from earlier today. It'd been a clear day all day. That's when the realization hit me.

I'd gone back to save her and I'd failed. But I could do it again, or at least I'd try. Try to keep her hear with me. I closed my eyes and thought "Reset." A sound like a turbine started up and...