I don't know how far into the worm-like network of caves we were, when we stumbled upon the first bone. Perhaps we were a thousand feet below the surface of the Earth, perhaps slightly more. Moving is slow inside these constricting, void-like labyrinths, even with Selena's keen eyes and uncanny sense of navigation to guide us, and distance soon becomes hard to track. A few feet can feel like a mile, when crouching or crawling through mud and icy water. A mile, like a marathon.

I had travelled from London to the barren, rocky tundra's of northern Slovenia, to take part in what I was guaranteed would be *the caving experience of a lifetime*: unparalleled exploration of a vast, part-unexplored cave system that descended five thousand feet into the soul of the Earth. 

I had travelled alone, as I always did on such expeditions, but had met my fellow spelunkers, Martin and his wife Elanya, in the hotel Luknja (a rather run down motel, by modern British standards), about forty miles from the entrance to the cave. Martin and Elanya were newly wed and this was to be a honeymoon, of sorts. Martin was a wealthy young American, who had amassed a small fortune in internet currency trading. In his spare time (which was most of the time), he was a keen snowboarder; Elanya was a mountain climbing enthusiast, and seemed to do little else, besides. I suppose they wanted to partake in something exciting and completely new to the both of them. Personally, I would have picked the Amalfi Coast for my honeymoon. In fact I *did* pick the Amalfi Coast and, well, that marriage didn't exactly last long. Perhaps it's not where you go, but who you go with.  Regardless, they both seemed like bubbly extroverts and people I could see myself getting on with, for a few days at any rate. Whether I would trust them with my life... Simply put, I would not. I would *never* normally go on an expedition like this with first-timers, but this was a totally unique situation: we would have *Selena*.

The real expense of this trip to Slovenia, was not on tickets for the plane journey, nor for access to the cave system. *It was for the guide.*

Vampires, of course, are incredibly rare, as only a tiny portion of the population have the genetic predisposition to the disease. As such, nearly all who try to 'self-turn' only make it... *half way*. Selena is one of the two vampires that are willing to guide tourist excursions into the bowels of the earth -- and the cheaper of the two vampires, at that. She's also the more camera shy and serious, and the one (based on what I knew of them) that I trusted with my life more. Why other vampires detest cave systems, I can't say. It seems like something they'd be well suited for, and yet...

It was Tuesday morning when we set off from the Luknja, hoping to be back at the hotel sometime on Thursday afternoon. The coach the hotel had provided for us, had been packed with provisions, our bulging backpacks, and an air of untameable excitement.

"I swear, Christopher," said Martin, as he strut down the coach's aisle, waving a solemn finger directly at me, "We are going to break new ground! *Records.* This cave system will be renamed after us. Forget 'Cehi,' they'll call it Mart-anya-pher, after this. You mark my words!" 

Elanya giggled (politely, I assume). I somehow refrained from rolling my eyes. But while full of bravado and hot air, Martin was, at the very least, infectiously uplifting. Selena was not on the bus with us, and we were instead to meet  the vampire (for the first time) inside the cave system, on account of her predicting a clear day -- unusual for the Slovenian winter. A note had been delivered to the hotel in the early hours of the morning informing us of this plan.
I glanced out of the window; the sun was a shimmering halo of orange, lazily simmering in the cloudless, early afternoon sky. Selena had already made one correct decision, and that brought a modicum of relief to an unease that had settled insidiously in my stomach. 

We soon arrived and, with the help of the porter who had accompanied us on the coach, we hauled our bags and belongings off the vehicle. The coach seemed to sigh in relief as the weight was lifted from it. Not a huge burden, but still a great weight for such an ancient, sorrowful vehicle.

"Holy..." Martin began.

"*Shit*," Elanya continued, her French accent turning the profanity into a soft '*sheet*'.

I turned to see what had caused their surprise and found the cave entrance: it looked like the maw of a hungry demon, it's throat spiralling into the ground. Red and black seemed to sparkle in the void below. 

"Good to you luck," said the porter, his face pale, as he hopped back on the bus. "We come again, Thursday. Two."

I gave the boy a wad of notes, and he gave back a polite curl of his thin lips. His hand shook as he took the money.

Martin leaned into the dark mouth. "Selena?" he yelled. "Selena!"

*Nothing.*  

"Guess we'll have to find her," I said, wincing as I coaxed my backpack onto my shoulders.

Martin turned to me. 

"You're the one with experience. How about you go first?"


