"How does this keep happening!?", the young Tabaxi rogue says shouts in frustration. "Every time we manage to get better gear, the monsters get even better stuff? We get a new fire spell, the monsters get rings of flame absorption. We get a new ability of being able to talk with plants and animals, hell! Even teleport between the trees, the animals hate us and all the trees in the damn forest have circles of anti teleportation! Why is this happening!?"

Skrung, leader of the goblins that live in the forest, silently chuckles to himself. He activates his ring of invisibility as he makes his way to the shop of his one human friend. Through the back door he goes in and deactivates the ring, awaiting for his friend to return. "KAZE!! My friend! How have you been you old bastard!?"

The older man, a human in his late 50s, hair white from old age and stress, is slightly startled and has to adjust his glasses. Focusing he whispers, "Skrung? Is that you?"

"Yup! The one and only. I take it that you were forced into taking another bad deal?" 

The old man looks weary and sullen at this remark. "Yes..... again..... intimidated into buying this rusty dagger for 10 gold..... Without you my business would've gone under so long ago..... Thank you my old friend"

"No problem man. So, what were you able to gather from them?"

"Well, the Druid can use lightning and turn into a much more powerful beasts, but from what I've read of the druid ways, he is still unable to use spells with motion or verbal requirements. The rogue sadly is becoming better in the ways of stealth, and has added magic to his arsenal. Calls himself a....... tricker.... or something? He used an invisible hand to pickpocket me..... and the Barbarian..... he was the one who intimidated me...... scared me into giving up my priceless family great axe.....I try not to ask you for too much.... but please.... can you try getting it back for me? I don't know if I'll be able to pay you for it thou-", the short green creature holds up a single finger. 

"Stop right there old man. Don't even consider paying me for it. You've done more than enough in your lifetime. I'll do what I can."

"Thank you...... thank you so much....", he wipes a tear from his eyes. *ding ding ding*, the bell announcing somebody coming in rings. "Wait here my friend. I have a feeling of who it is." As he comes out, 2 small, female children tackle him lovingly. 

"PAPA KAZE PAPA KAZE!!", the 2 small humans both chant

"Mortred, Mercurial! My babies. I have a surprise for you. Close your eyes, and follow me." The children take his hands and are led to the back of the shop. "Open"

"PAPA SKRUNG PAPA SKRUNG!!", chanted in unison as the children tackle the green being with no fear.

"Aww. Love you kiddos too. I hate to say, but I was actually just about to go"

"Nooooo", the sadness palpable in their voices

"I'll see you soon. I promise."

With that the children nod and skip off on their merry way

"Oh, before I forget my friend, here." As he hands off scrolls of various spells, or items, weapons and anything extra he can afford to give while still looking like a shop. 

"Right. And here's my end", the green being hands him a large sac, full of coins, weapons, armor, and other items and gear from past adventurers. "Make sure you set it up and try to make it look presentable. Later Kaze!" with a poof, the goblin disappears

"Thank you. Thank you so much", the old man says to nobody. "Well children, time to set up shop" 

"Nooooooo"