A letter was dropped inside my toolbox. It contained three pieces of information: the identifying code of an aircraft, a date, and a volumetric value. As an aircraft mechanic, I quickly identified this volumetric value as fuel quantity.

Half the flights leaving this airport would end up crashing if they only had that much fuel. Most likely at sea. People were probably going to die. Why would anyone do this?

But the machine-printed letter ended with a handwritten piece. *“For the good of mankind”*.

Even if I went ahead with it, it wasn’t such a simple task of stopping the pump at the right time. I’d have to tamper with the avionics systems so the onboard computer wouldn’t notify the crew of the missing fuel. I’d have to social engineer the check-up routine so no one would four-eyes my work and documentation.

Even if I was damn careful, once the investigation started, they would know it was me. Or at least someone from my crew. But I did it anyway.

I don’t know why I did it the first time. But there were no reportings. No one noticed the flight, and people, went missing. So it was a conspiracy bigger than myself. Government, media, corporations? It made it easier to do it again, one month later.

I did it eight times already. The ninth was different. It was a longer letter, all handwritten this time. It told me the world was going to end in a few years. It didn’t tell me why. But across the globe, systematically, people were being selected and hidden in places to, hopefully, continue civilization in our stead - should they survive, once it starts.

So I wasn’t selected for continuing civilization. Maybe for the best. I am depraved and twisted enough to follow instructions that endanger lives because of something a letter told me. But I was selected to facilitate the way for those survivors. Something in me was apparent to someone who was looking for it. It gave me peace.

I hope the survivors I helped can reach the new world safely. I hope, for the good of mankind.