"They took him!", said the formless shadow as moved menacingly across the wall, dancing around the edges of the moonlight the bathed the room. "He was ours! They knew that and they took him!"

"They know this means war." Slowly, from out of the closet, crept a disproportionate being with spider like arms and what appeared to be human teeth jutting from it's obtuse face. "They trespassed and stole him, all because they lost theirs."

"THAT'S NOT OUR FAULT!!!" From under the bed erupted a large hulking mass of a creature, far to large to have fit under the bed. "THE LAW DICTATES THAT EACH CHILD IS THE GROUPS RESONSIBILITY TO SCARE AND KEEP!!! HE WAS OURS!!!"

The anger and displeasure almost masked the presence of the other. Almost.

On top of the toy chest on the bag wall, she sat. Quietly. Almost patiently. She (if it was even a she) was petite, taking the form of small girl in a white night gown. She had jet black hair that glistened in light glow of the room and porcelain skin that reflected the moon. But her eyes. Her eyes were terrifying. They were a deep and unrelenting darkness that seemed to command fear itself! Those eyes seemed to suck the air out of the room into their endless void. Once you were caught in their stare there was no more hope, no more light. 

The shadow was the first to notice and receded to the furthest wall, watching and pulsating for her to respond. The spider like creature was next, crawling back to an opposite corner, never taking any of it's endless eyes off of her. The last one to notice was the hulking mass. It was always the last to notice things. When it did finally realize what was going on, it defiantly sat right where it was but still kept it's head low because it knew better.

"Who?", she whispered. That whisper carried with it an amount of dread and cold poison that made all those present tremble! It was as if horror had exploded with such force from that singular source.

"The one's next door", said the spider in a hushed tone.

"When?", said the girl. Anger accompanied the already present terror with her voice driving every one back further.

"Yesterday, when the boy went to offer condolences", the spider said, almost gasping for air under the thick and palpitable fear.

"Why?", asked the girl. At this all color and life left the room. In its place was only emptiness, only darkness. All those in the room were thrusted into swirling cacaphony of dread and nightmares that could shatter any normal living entities psyche, human or otherwise.

Only by sheer force of will and the previous rage it experienced early was the large mass able to choke out, "Because they lost theirs."

Then silence. Piercing and unrelenting silence that was quickly escalating. Time stopped, air quit flowing, everything was suspended for this nearly infinte moment. None of the other monsters dared to move, and they abandoned all ideas to speak. They waited, if for no other reason then because they had to. Then, movement.

The girl glided from the toy chest to floor and floated to the door. With phantom-like movements there was a sharp 'click' that made all the other monster jump and the door was locked. Then, she glided to the window and, as if the window had a mind of it's own, flashed open. She stepped up to the window on an invisible staircase and turned to look at the rest. They sat, still waiting.

With words drenched in death and fueled by the same abyss as her eyes she spoke, "Go." With those deadly the words the monsters were compelled, invigorated to go forth. They all in unison rushed out the window with the girl in the leap, heading towards the house where there boy was. Heading to war.