It was early in the morning. Dad had prepared our breakfast. Three plates, as usual, rested atop the table. Mark, my twin, was a night owl, and so he never woke up to share the first meal of the day with us.

"How was college, sweetie? Anything interesting?" my mother asked, as my father entered the bathroom.

"Not really," I said, and took a proper bite of steaming hot cakes. "Well, we'd an interesting discussion in Child Psychology about Imaginary Friends. Supposedly, there are some people who never grow out of that stage, and as a result, they keep seeing imaginary friends throughout their whole lives. Mark found this absurd, said that was schizophrenia. So yeah, that was interesting."

Mom smiled, rubbed my shoulder tenderly. "You made a new friend, sweetie! You should've told me that. That's great news. Tell him he can come over whenever he wants to."

"What? I didn't mention anything about a new friend."

"Oh, don't be silly," she said, making a dismissive gesture with her hands. "I'm referring to this Mark you mentioned."

My brows wrenched downward. "Mark as in my twin. You are acting odd this morning."

Confusion daubed upon her face in the shape of a scowl. "Who?"

"Mark, your other child? Are you okay?"

Her face turned the color of ash. "Tom, is this some sort of joke?"

"Why would it be a joke?"

"You are scaring me now. Cut it out."

"You are the one scaring me. You are acting beyond weird."

She drew a deep breath, rolled her eyes. "Okay, I will play along. Tell your 'twin' that I love him very much, and that I hope he has a great day today. I have to go to work now. See you later today."

"Whatever," I said, shaking my head, as she left the table I murmured under my breath, "*Psycho.*"

The bathroom's door swung open. "That was two days worth," my dad shouted, proudly, as he rubbed his stomach. "Let's make it three. How's the breakfast, Tom? Did your brother wake up? I heard you talking to someone."

I laughed. "No, he's sleeping still. I was talking with mom. She's acting weird today."

As I said that, Mark came down the stairs, clad in a coat of drowsiness. "Waking up at this time should be illegal."

"I agree," Dad said, pointed at the third plate on the table. Mom hadn't eaten anything. "Food will make it more bearable." He came to me, rested a palm upon my shoulder. "Hey buddy, I know it's hard, but it's been a year now."

"Wht do yu mean?" I asked, mid-chew.

"This talking with your mother thing. It's not healthy anymore. Listen, I will appoint you a date with Dr. Laurae. People say he's great at this sort of situations. Will you go?"

I swallowed, and nodded. Mark had fallen asleep over his plate. That cheered me up a little. "Am I crazy, dad?"

"Of course you are not. Everyone has his own process. This is yours," he said, ran a hand through my hair. "But it's okay to get help when things get harder than they should be. Will you go then?"

Mom came storming through the door, panting, and shouted, "I forgot the car's keys! She glanced at me with a worried expression. Her eyes darted to my father, who was patting my back. My father didn't even flinch at her coming, nor at the open door. 

It was as if she was not there.

I took a deep breath. "I will."

In that moment, my mom's lips crooked. She left without saying a word.

Many things shattered within me, and the shards fell sharp and ruthless.

She wouldn't come back, would she?

-------------------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn
   