**Hey guys. This is my first response to a prompt here, so please feel free to tell me if I'm doing anything I'm not supposed to. As a heads up, suicide comes up several times in this, in case it's not something you want to read about.**

&#x200B;

I can't say I've been summoned to this particular deathly-silent alleyway beside Target in central Seattle before, but it beats the hell out of hanging around for hours next to a hospital bed, hearing the family cry themselves hoarse over someone whose been on their way out for years, and that's more or less what I've been doing for the last week straight. Don't get me wrong I mean, great stats for our longevity target, all these fogies whove lived for near enough a century before I come for them, but I only took this job on 190 years ago, you know? Sometimes it's nice to talk to someone whose livespan hasn't been that long either, before I send them on their way.

I see now it's a man who is standing in the alley, back turned from me, shivering a bit. He looks kind of familiar but most humans do these days. They've got the same hair as their old aunt Mary, same build as their Pa thirty years ago.  I  clear my throat, but they don't turn around and I've got another two appointments pending rather shortly, so I launch right in my standard disclaimer to the dead.

"Good evening, human of Seattle, Washington, United States of America. I regret to inform you that you have passed in to-"

"Yeah, I've got it." I almost flinch. I *know* that voice.

He turns around, and of course I feel like a perfect idiot. Guy's only been dead twelve times before. You'd think I might have been expecting a thirteenth.

(I'd secretly sort of hoped there wouldn't be one, for his sake. Weird, I know.)

"Aw fuck, sorry man. It's been longer than usual. Thought you might've-"

He raises an eyebrow and I raise my hands. "Look, I'm not the only entity that can claim your soul, you could've gone straight to Cthulu, right?"

The human- first-name Will, 28, a veterinary nurse- scowls. "You know I don't want to do anything to deserve that." He crosses his arms and leans back against the alley wall, staring at the ground like I don't already know he's teary with disappointment. This guy, I swear. You'd think he was the one sent after people's souls.

I roll my eyes, but it feels oddly cruel somehow. "Right, but you're pretty damn determined to shuffle off the mortal coil, and clearly it's out of my juristiction to put you there so..."

"So, what?" He's flushed with anger, though he's fainter all over than he should be. Kind of translucent almost.  It's a common side effect of hovering between life and death. "I don't know if you're trying to test me or whatever, but I think I've made it *really* fucking clear by now that I don't want to be here anymore. Is it funny to you, bringing me back every time?"

Hell this is awkward. More than awkward- there *isn't* a reason why he shouldn't be dead by now. I take suicides all the time. Most of the time they think they made the right choice, initially at least and it's my *job* to respect that. I don't get to choose who lives or dies. Ever.

I've told him this before, but it's like he can't bring himself to believe me.

Pep talks aren't really my thing. Even before I claimed people's souls for the realm of death, and I was just a regular human with an unusually keen sixth sense, I was always fatalistic. I'm pretty sure I predicted my own death. I can't imagine I did anything to prevent it.

(The point being, I understand Will, okay? I knew when it was my time, but only because a part of me was always ready for it.)

It's not Will's time though, clearly. That's left to someone or something beyond either of us. I gave up trying to convince him of this after that sixth time back when he was in Brooklyn, and had done himself in, in ways that would give Rasputin's ghost the heebie jeebies. Most of my humanity was forgotten during my 57th year (another story for another day,) but I had a heart once and the sight of Will on his knees, sobbing, begging to die and stay dead- I felt that old pull again. I wanted him to be at peace.

I've walked with him in to the light every time since, drawn the death rites on his skin in black marker (once or twice in goat's blood, even if the old ways are more for flair than anything else.) And nothing, *nothing* has worked.

He's fated in other ways. He doesn't want to accept that. I swallow, and try to ignore the strange sense of human empathy that comes back to me with him. I need to try a different tactic.

"Look, I'm a pain in the ass right?" I think I'm pleading with him now. He lifts his head, looking almost baffled. "You don't want to be stuck hashing it out with me every time you top yourself do you? There has to be someone alive you could be friends with right? You don't have a girlfriend, or something? Wife?  Boyfriend? Literally anyone who would be really, really pissed at you for dying on them?"

Will blinks for a second in utter confusion and then unbelievably his mouth quirks up and it looks like he's struggling not to laugh. "Oh my god. Are you actually- you're *death* and you're trying anything to convince me not to-"

"Yeah, yeah. Nice to see you with a smile for once."

"Sorry, it's just you sound so *normal*."

"Who says I'm not?" I shrug, and yeah it feels natural almost. Like it isn't outrageous that a mortal soul should question my authority as a reaper. "I used to be a person didn't I?"

Will looks genuinely shocked. "Wait, so you're not-"

"I'm not a angel or a demon or really anything, no. There's tons of them though- don't get me wrong." Will still looks bewildered at the revelation. My cheeks feel hot. "What?"

"I don't know," Will says. "It's weird, I guess."

"You put yourself at the precipice of death once a month, and you think *I'm* weird."

"Maybe we're both as bad as each other." Will is joking but I catch his eye and it's like something *jolts* me suddenly. There's faces flashing behind my eyes, rotating over and over like a slot machine. Somehow they always come back to his. I stumble away, blinking furiously.

When my vision clears at some uncertain point, there's a tugging in the air beside me, calling me *immediately* to my next contact. Fuck.

Will's hand is on my arm, like he's trying to steady me. I shake your head.

"No-no Will. I think that might be it."

"What?" Will cards a hand through his dark hair, looking concerned. "I have no idea what you're talking about but maybe you should lie down or-"

"No!" I grip his hand excitedly before I can think better of it, or really, think better of *any* of this. "Will, what if- Maybe you're like me? You have to keep coming back for a reason, right? And if it feels like you're *meant* to do this-"

Will opens his mouth, then closes it, but I don't have time to explain. "Look, once more Will, okay? Once more because I know you can do it but then- then it's going to be different. I'll make sure, I swear." I squeeze his hand once more, then disappear, taking Will's temporary death-state with me, and find myself standing outside a red-brick building somewhere south of Amsterdam. He'll understand. I know he will.

I reach down. There's something beating in my chest now, like I just needed the time, the place for it to come alive again (yeah, despite the circumstances.) I can't believe it's taken this long.

And fuck, I don't want to admit it but I can't wait to meet him again.