The sun above darkened under them.

It's always the eyes that take my attention. It's been that way since human creation. The drive for social interactions makes it key as to whom shall receive one's reflection.

She was beautiful, more beautiful than my queen. I'd glanced at the future once to see if my progeny with my queen would have her beauty. They did, some even exceeded hers.

But that young woman in the middle of the market of my capital? She looked as if she was Her, the previous me. Or the young woman in the middle of the isle deep within the swamp. The same young woman who enticed me, the king, to become her, to become God.

She was a little bit uglier though and I'd not found her in Her memories. She was also not a statue in reverence of Her that I had commissioned, so her naked stillness was definitely unsettling. Her expression was nothing, it was as if time itself had stopped around her. I didn't do that to anyone yet.

I felt a rough, calloused hand grip my right arm. Before I had become Her, I'd have chopped it off, even without today's grievance. "She's sick boy, tired of our king's endless wars," the owner of the hand said. "She has the plague from the peoples of the continent we've invaded."

I didn't turn my head, but I was about to reply. I felt his presence leave though and that's when I saw it.

Some of the people around left as soon as they've had their glance at her. Some stood transfixed, as if debating on whether to cry or laugh. The well-dressed merchants gripped their purses, some had even drawn pickpockets. Most of the nobles acquired weak knees and fell to the ground with their hands as deflectors of the dirt, but the peasants who also fell added the speckles with indifference. 

I had a smile though and while I vowed to limit my interactions with mortals, I felt she wasn't one.

I walked towards her and heard a couple gasps. It was mostly another set of people that almost fainted on the spot at her sight. When I neared her, her eyes twitched. The sun was again the strongest source of light. "My lady, did you do something wrong?" I asked in a curious tone.

"You are too young, boy," she replied. "Be like our king, conquer a few places while you have the strength."

"But isn't the king old now?" I retorted. "Isn't that why he hasn't been seen since uniting our continent?"

"Boy, I meant just that--when he was out conquering himself."

"And how do you know he isn't leading the front lines still?"

Her expression of nothing turned into a frown and raised eyebrows. "I know many things."

"Is that why they look at you with fear, your seeing ability?"

"I'm not a seer and that's not why they look at me with fear."

"Then why do they react like that at your sight, you must be famous?"

She sighed, her breath almost taking me away to the land of the most redolent flowers. "Shoo now, boy," she commanded, her voice as peremptory as when I order thousands of men to die for the sake of appearances. "I've said you're too young."

I allowed myself to grin. "I fucked her, you know?"

Her eyes narrowed, like two rivers converging. Clear rivers, for they were a clear blue. Her hair, the color of harvest-ready wheat, shuffled a bit for the first time, probably since she arrived there. "What?"

"If I fuck you, will I also become you?" I sniffed. "Wait, I'm guessing she created you instead of being a duality." I closed my eyes. "See that fatass noble over my right shoulder, nearest to us from that direction."

His opulence was going to catch him, with my tampering or not. I let him choke on the apple he had just taken a bite out of. 

At first her frown grew worse, but then it made its way into a smile that I knew too well. "So you are the one who had me leaving my realm."

It was my turn. "What?"

She rolled her eyes and I swear if I wasn't already resigned to what I've planned, I'd have reset her memories right then and we'd be chilling right where I met Her. To relive what I wanted with Her. She was a close-enough replica. "I felt a strong energy call for me." Her mouth opened and her right hand took its time to somewhat cover the unblemished white teeth. "Every thousand year or so I'd come to personally receive them instead of being automatically teleported to my realm. That seems to be the way to give those strong souls the acceptance. Give them and the innocent collaterals the terrible view of the unrelenting reality." She pressed her lips back to a frown again. "But you're different."

I raised my eyebrows. "How so?"

"You speak as if you've met my creator and as if she's told you all about me." She grabbed my right hand with both of her hands. "And that's impossible."

"How so?" I repeated.

"Cuz she severed my connection to her the moment I took my first soul."

"She doesn't have you in her memories."

Her eyes widened for a moment but they became the beautiful, indifferent, covered occupied hammocks again. "Ah, I see," she muttered in acceptance. "But you're you, what nears you to my domain?" She paused for a moment. "Isn't that impossible? Erasing your creator?"

"My queen just died," I stated. "And it looks like I'm reminded once again of what I couldn't have."

"Have you tried remaking her?"

"Which one?"

"Both."

"No, I dare not disrespect them both."

"It's your idea of them."

"Yes, I know."

"What do I look like to you?"

"You don't look as beautiful or feminine as she did and you're more androgynous." 

"We're genderless, in case you didn't know."

"I know."

"So you really are?"

"Yes."

"What will you do now?" Her eyes displayed apprehension.

"I won't have you," I declared. "It's not fated."

"But you control fate."

"I do?" I kissed my teeth. "Maybe I should make a god of fate then."

"There is one already."

"Really?"

"You aren't using your powers at all, are you?"

"Why would I?"

"That's what she did in the beginning."

"I didn't see her beginning."

"Neither did I, but can't you tell?"

"That she'd delegated it all?"

She nodded. "You're a true continuation of her: tired and in need of a break."

"Do you think they'll be an end?"

"Not unless you will it."

"Huh."

The moon began its invasion and the death-struck people waned. We both didn't breathe, close eyes, piss or shit ourselves. We just stared at each other's eyes.

She caved in first after the sun was completely subdued. After the moon had fully stolen the stage. "So what will you do?"

"Does it cost you anything to be here?"

"No."

"The others?"

"All gods are equal in having no restrictions with power."

"Is there a hierarchy?"

"No, but they make one anyway, like mortals."

"And you sit at the top?"

"No, I am removed like you."

"But you're not a seer."

"No, our powers are specialized for their roles."

"Do they see you as like this?" I asked as I moved my eyes from her head down to her feet and back up again.

"No," she replied, quicker than her previous responses. "They see nothing. And if I interact with them, the only thing they converse with is my voice."

I sighed. "Cuz they have no need to fear death, eh?"

"Yes."

"Do you think they'll be happy if I give them a lifespan?"

She snorted. "No."

"Why not?"

"I like living or its equivalent to us."

"You mean suffering?"

"No, I mean watching the beauty of the world."

"Live for beauty, huh?"

"Yes."

"I won't have you, the power dynamic is infinitely vast."

"I didn't say anything."

"But I'm handsome?"

"I perceive it, yes, but it bears nothing."

"No, but I can read minds if I want to." She grew a tall small, then thought of our endless copulation, in my current pre-God body. Well, it was the same body before and after my ascension, just the mind's different. "I'd like that but no."

"I still haven't said anything."

"You know I hate these pseudo-intellectual conversations?"

"Cuz you're the smartest?"

"No, cuz it can't be done with the rest of them."

"You can make them your intelligence but not your power."

"Yes, I know, but still."

"Does it irk you I'm uttering what you've seen in the future or in my mind?"

"I don't use my powers a lot, remember?"

"But you did just then."

"Cuz I know you'd do that."

"Did you see it from the future?"

"No, from intuition."

"So you're a lady-killer, then?"

"Mortal or not, everything is the same in relation to me as that's how it's supposed to be--comprehensible to one's self."

"I thought you hate sputtering about pseudo-intellectual stuff?"

"Well yes, but this is near the end."

"Of what, the conversation?" She pouted. 

"My decision," I said. "Can you feel it decreasing, the strong soul?"

"No, I only felt it for a blimp, here in this area."

"Huh."

"Yes, it might not even be you and he'd already accepted it quickly."

"So are you leaving?"

"When you want me to."

"Stay for a moment, I want to make a daughter of you."

"Not with me?"

"No, she won't even know her origins."

"Just like our creator, eh?"

"Yes, but she won't be for me either."

"No?"

"I'll give her to someone that died to their last beliefs."

"She'd forbidden that for some reason you know?"

"He'll be the first reincarnation?"

"Should be, one of the gods got punished once for trying to resurrect his first mortal love."

"Ya, I've imposed that on my descendants too."

"They're mortal, aren't they?"

"Yes, divine's too much."

"And this likeness of mine will be your first divine creation?"

"She'll be the only one."

She laughed then. It was the most beautiful sound, as Her laugh was never revealed to me. But it was probably close to Hers. She was probably Her first creation. What brings forth life must allow death.

"Will she be greater than me?"

I nodded. "The hierarchy will go me, her, then you."

"I said I was removed."

I smirked. "Ya, that's what being at the top means."

She cupped my left jaw with her right hand. "Are you sure?"

I only had reactions for my queen as she was the beauty of my past. "Yes."

"Then I should go now, you've imprinted her on your mind now, yes?"

"Yes, I had to use magic to make it permanent."