Is it even worth it? I know that there isn't even a right answer but I still want to know. Nobody really knows me nor do they want to, to them I'm just someone they can use to make themselves feel better. I don't want to live my life like some machine, that's why I made this god forsaken box. I people come by, generally gloomy, and donate their bad emotions to me. When they leave, they go with a smile on their face. Is that what happens when you lose your sadness? Or could it be something else? 

One morning, when I went to resupply on emotions. I saw a man there and in his hand was a beautiful gem. It pulsated in a soft, yellow color with a tint of orange. I had never seen something so beautiful. The man opened the box and closed it immediately. after seeing the dark purple gloom of what was remaining from last week, he wanted to protect this shining gem from any corruption. He tied his treasure in a small cloth but before he put it in I asked him, "W-What is that"

"It's my happiness"

"Happiness..." I didn't think it was real, some people told me that they were able to be happy because of me but I couldn't understand it. I had thought it was some sort of urban myth or a saying of some sort. "Why?"

"Huh?"

"Why are you giving it away?"

"I don't deserve such a thing in life anymore"

"I see, can you tell me what happened?"

It was visable that the man didn't expect me to ask him about his story, never the less, he told me: "All I've done throughout my life was hurt others for my own self gain. Today, I realize that what my actions have done to others. This is my punishment. I must also apologize to you, this happiness is not pure. It was gained by the misery of others. But it is happiness none the less."

"May I see it" I said.

Without hesitation, the man hands me the tiny gem. And with his hands in his pocket, he starts to leave.

"Wait." I said.

"It's yours now."

"I said wait!"

He paused and said "If you don't want it you don't have to use it."

"This has no impurities"

"What!?"

"I've seen greed, I've seen lust, I've seen everything bad. I'm telling you this is pure."

"Yea well it's yours n-"

Before he could finish, I placed the jewel on his chest and let it sink into his heart.

"WHY DID YOU DO THAT! DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT WAS TO GET THAT OUT"

I'm going to have to use some anger for this, I always have some in my back pocket just in case.

"NOT AS HARD AS CREATING SOMETHING LIKE THIS!" The man has a shocked expression, I may have overdid it but I'm not going to give up on this. "It is even harder to nurture this. This isn't your happiness from hurting others this is your happiness from being selfless. But that isn't all I see. I see sadness I see regret, not only in here but in you."

"I-I-i..." He's breaking down.

"You can't just do this to yourself you've got to nurture this forever, you can't decide to give up on this precious gift of yours."

"I... t-thank you... so much"

I watch him leave, on the verge of crying but he stays strong. Once I lose sight of him I go to check my box, and there my eyes are greeted with a soft yellow color.

edit: spacing. Also this is my first WP