I wake up up fully clothed in my bed, my head feels like it's filled with a mix of cotton wool and acid. 10:34 AM.After laying there for awhile I get out of bed to go make a coffee. As I wait for the kettle to boil I try to recall what happened last night, tv static, my mind is blank bar a few fleeting memories. Went to the store. Drink at home. Go out with friends. Bar. Smoke. Another bar. Smoke. And then bed, but I know thats not the full story. Kettle boiled.
I look down at my arm and see smudged sharpie pen, did I hook up last night? 
I pour my coffee and try to collect my thoughts while leaning on the counter. 

I notice more black pen on my face, it must have came from whatever was on my arm, the one that I sleep on. I spare a moments silence for my mystery lover, whos number is now nothing more that a an illegable stain on my skin. 

After I gathered myself I got ready to leave, the last thing I do before I leave is check my watch. 10:34 AM. I become confused, I'm sure I've been awake for atleast an hour now, did the clocks go back? Damn farmers. I brush it off as I don't have any real plans today. 

Outside is peaceful, "another day in the countryside" I say to myself as I retrieve my bike from the shed. It's not unusual for me to see nobody between A and B. I arrive at my friends house prepared to see the rest of my hangover off in good company. I knock at the door, and weirdly enough the dogs dont bark and nobody came to the door. I figured he might be walking the dogs but find it hard to believe seen as we were both out last night. I try the door and let myself in, put the kettle on and make myself at home. I switch on the TV and get straight onto the xbox, the internet seems to be down. I play offline for awhile until it dawns on me that I've been sat here for some time now, "where the hell is he?" I think. I check the time 10:34 AM. I tap my watch, "has this thing broken already?", I brush it off and make my way upstairs to the bathroom. As I turn the corner into the bathroom, I find my friend leant over the toilet being sick. "I knocked you know? I've been sat down stairs for ages. Whats up with you?" it takes a moment for me to notice, but he isnt breathing. Infact the vomit is suspended in the air. 

