I leaned forward in my recliner, imploring the volume to rise from the TK implant. It wasn't real telekinesis but marketing teams thought it was cool to call it that. The retirement home seemed quieter than normal.

Everyone was tuning in.

The news cycle for the past few weeks had grown worse. People going missing then. Mass disappearances. Wild fires raging globally. Strings of arsons. Several space stations had even had catastrophes. Even on Mars there were occurrences.

And no one taking credit.

As the reason was revealed, I was glad that I never had kids.

The Immortals, essentially every one to be born since the anti-aging drug's release, were a literal ticking time bomb.

It artificially restored telomeres through chemical means but it seemed to eventually fail in a catastrophic chain reaction.

People gooified. Then the goo reduced to base elements of oxygen and hydrogen, then the spark of phosphorus hitting air. Spontaneous combustion.

The failure rate was 100%. There was no way to prevent it once the body reached a tolerance to the drug.

It was even transgenerational.

People were frantic to call family. I dreaded reaching out to a friend as the news started to go to talking heads who's youthful faces perspired fear.

The poor bastards. I let a slow breath, trying to not get worked up. 

It was bad enough to have family die to it. Seeing young and vital people die after getting so advanced years resonated in me. My bitterness and regret at being aged out had long dried up. It was wrenching to hear the sobs from the nurse's station from the Immortals that took care of us. Poor Gina, she was nice. My lips drew tight as emotions began to well in me.

There were so few not on the drug, few brave enough to age and face oblivion. But the majority of them were the fundimentalist Christians who thought it was wrong to "play God." There were a few in the home. They were self-righteous and ignorant. Often a case of sour grapes more than a devotion of faith.

When the calmly smiling, pastor-slash-pundit appeared in my Holo-Screen and declared it "Rapture." I knew his face all too well. I had interned with the pharmaceutical company that made the drug during my biochemistry degree all those years ago. Funny how an R&D head could be born again. He was a self proclaimed Malthusian, which translates readily to immoral capitalist often enough. He had the CEOs ear because they were in the same fraternity.

I had disliked his sliminess then but I suddenly loathed him and his Evangelical helmet hair.

My chest began to seize with an extreme pressure coinciding with a terrible revelation. The nurses where too deep in sudden existential dread to care about my alerts pinging their implants. I tried to calm myself. Desperately and in vain. But I was old and my body couldn't take the burning implication in my brain.

The bastards had given a faulty drug but they had a plan. Now that people would live long enough to care that the Earth was fucked. Sweeping legalisation had pulled us from the brink of extinction. People had an infinite future so the made damn sure there was a lot of it.

The only issue was population. With no one dying it would grow exponentially.

They had solved that alongside global warming.

I prespired, I gasped. My chest felt like a collapsing star of pressure and straining pain. I was just too furious to control myself.

The pastor spoke as my vision and body grew distant as I was sucked down the tunnel to oblivion.

But I still saw him so clearly. His eyes delighted, his lips curved so smugly, "... And the righteous will live on in His Name through this time of Trial and Tribulation."