Late to the party, so I doubt anyone will see this, but I decided to do a bit of a short story about this.

**Asmund, Sirensbane**

Asmund and the others were camped near their boats. They had spent the past couple of days traveling across the strait, searching for their next target. They were vikings, and they were looking to do what vikings did best: plunder. They had heard about this village, Haldor, before, but they had never taken the time to attack it. Haldor didn't lie immediately on the coast like most other villages they pillaged, but was removed from the beach by a few kilometers of dangerous swampy terrain, which afforded it a natural protection against attackers from the sea, like Asmund and his band. Haldor had a reputation of being a wealthy village due to the lack of frequent attackers. Haldor was also reputably completely walled in, and something worth protecting must also be worth plundering. A final rumor that circulated about Haldor was that its night watch was entirely women which bolstered Asmund's clan's resolve to attack it, ideally at night when the women would presumably be easier to beat than the battle hardened group of men they were with.

Gunnar, the leader of Asmund's raiding party, barked orders for them to set up their camp. He appointed 4 of the three dozen men to stand watch over the night to ensure nothing took them by surprise. Asmund and Bjarke, one of Asmund's closest friends, conversed with each other while eating dinner before retiring for the night, ready to head out early the next morning through the swamp which separated them and Haldor.

“EVERYBODY UP” Gunnar's voice bellowed throughout the camp. Gunnar sprung our of bed, grabbing his sword, expecting an attack. There were no attackers though, just the confused vikings milling about, wondering why they were so suddenly woken. “I woke up early this morning, only to find that out night watch was not watching us. Where did they go?!” his rage was barely contained, with spittle flying out of his mouth with every word he yelled. The others had no idea, since they had slept through the night.

After a few minutes of trying to establish what happened to the 4 night watchers, another viking came back and addressed Gunnar. “Gunnar, it seems that 4 pairs of footprints left from the watch's post and wandered into the swamp.”

“Wandered into the swamp?! Did they not come back out?”

“It appears not, they may have gotten lost. I looked briefly, but the tracks are hard to follow in the swamp.”

“Well we don't have all day, we need to get to Haldor. Take a few men to investigate this while the rest of us pack up camp and start heading through this infernal swamp.” Asmund and Bjarke passed a confused look between them. Nobody had ever really deserted one of their raids, and the 4 that did disappear had been battle-hardened vikings.

Everyone packed up the camp and were marching through the swamp, filling their boots with muddy water and swatting mosquitoes. As they trudged through the muck, Bjarke struck up a conversation with Asmund. “So what do you think happened to last night's watch?” asked Bjarke, seeming anxious to even ask.

“I am not really sure” Asmund slowly replied.

“I have heard weird stories about this swamp before. I was honestly a little afraid to come at all.”

“What sort of stories?” Asmund pressed, already suspecting what he would say.

“There have been stories of men getting swept away by creatures of the night, another one of the reasons Haldor is never attacked.”

“Yea” Asmund paused before continuing, searching for the right words. “I have heard similar things. I hoped the stories to exist only to scare off would-be attackers, but we will have to be extra vigil.”

“Let's agree to watch each other?” Bjarke almost pleaded, hoping to find some sort of security amongst this unknown.

“Of course” Asmund smiled.

Other than mud holes, wet shoes, and swarms of mosquitoes, the rest of the day passed fairly uneventfully. They trudged through the swamp until they had gotten close to the edge of the swamp, and therefore had gotten within a short distance of Haldor. A relatively flat and dry clearing was found and a camp was set up where they would raid from. The 4 guards from the previous night were never found, so Gunnar wanted everyone to stay awake to protect against whatever caused the others to go missing before setting out on their raid.

The vikings were restless as they waited for darkness to come. A light meal and some ale was enjoyed before the impending raid, but appetites were low. As the shadows got longer and the sky grew darker, the vikings prepared to walk the last hour or so to Haldor before initiating their raid. It was then, as the twilight evolved to its darkest dusk, that a slow and entrancing voice started to flow from the swamp in the direction that they had traveled from. It started off barely audible, almost like a slight humming, but as it got louder, it started to get the attention of many of the men. The beautiful voice was soothing at first, but like a drug, the men wanted more.

“That voice... it's so beautiful” Bjarke hungrily said, eager for more.

“But we have to leave for Haldor in a matter of minutes” objected Asmund.

“I know, but I have to find the source of this voice first, I need to hear it much closer.” Bjarke started to walk into the direction of the voice, along with the majority of  the other vikings. It seemed like Asmund alone was immune to the call from the swamp. Asmund ran over to Gunnar in order to tell him that he needed to stop everyone from going into the wrong direction. Gunnar also seemed to be transfixed on the singing from the swamp. Asmund grabbed Gunnar by the arm in order to stop him and get his attention, but Gunnar just attempted to shrug off his hand before violently pushing Asmund away, desperate to continue to the source of the singing.

Asmund attempted to stop several others, but he was similarly shoved aside by the rest of his vikings, and he could do nothing more than helplessly watch as his entire group walked back into the swamp, zombily seeking out the singing. Asmund didn't know what to do other than follow the rest, but he had enough wits about him to bring his sword.

As they got deeper into the swamp, the singing got louder, but it was joined by more voices, creating a chorus of ensnaring music. Asmund didn't understand why he wasn't as enthralled as the others, but he had always felt differently about certain things, and he wondered if this had anything to do with it because he knew he was a little different than most of the other men. His thoughts were cut short as he heard a short scream which was quickly muffled, followed by thrashing water. Asmund ran forward to see what had happened, only to see them. Sirens. There was 3 of them singing, leading the men to them. They were objectively pretty: tall, slender bodies almost stood on the water. They all had long, flowing blonde hair which curled at the ends. Frail arms were barely covering their perky breasts with sections of clothing as they innocently blushed with slight embarrassment. Petite faces with longing, blue eyes beckoned to the men as they sang from perfectly formed lips, but within those lips was a line of razor sharp teeth, almost like nails, ready to tear flesh apart.

Asmund had a dreading realization that the rumors of the swamp were true. Beautiful sirens with voices of angels that led men to their doom. Asmund didn't seem to be affected by their singing due to the fact that he had never been interested in women, and instead had always been fond of men.

A fourth siren emerged from the water. Her teeth were still bared, and her razor-sheep teeth showed hints of red from the blood of his comrade that they had just lost. Asmund didn't hesitate and moved towards her. While the siren assumed he would become her next victim, Asmund's resolve held strong, much unlike her neck as he removed her head from her body with a swift stroke of his sword. The other sirens let out a screech that was a sharp contrast to their harmonic chorus from before which startled all of the other vikings who groggily came back to their senses.

The other men, who were still coming to their senses, weren't any help though when the remaining 3 sirens set on Asmund, intent on killing him after recognizing that their singing didn't affect him. Asmund was a battle hardened viking though, and he quickly dispatched the siren which was unlucky enough to be the first to reach him. The other 2 sirens hesitated, seeing that this man was going to cause them more trouble than it was worth for this night. They retreated into the murky water, leaving Asmund and the others fumbling in the darkness in the swamp.

Asmund knew which direction they came from and luckily managed to led the rest back to their camp after wandering back through the swamp for a couple hours. It was well into early morning by the time they got back to the camp and, exhausted from an entire night of walking through the swamp, almost everyone went immediately to sleep.

[part 2 in comments]