7112. What happened today? I must have really screwed something up. I've never had to redo a day. 

My calendar says that I am meeting my boss for lunch today. It looks like good news, but the last time it was yesterday was so long ago I can't remember what the meeting is for. 

Then I have a meeting with a client at 1400. Very important client. Very big deal. I hope I didn't screw that up. Over and over again. What could I have done wrong?

There's a knocking at the door. "Dad, can you talk?"

"Not now son, I need to concentrate, I have important stuff going on today."

And tonight I'm scheduled for a date night with my wife. Can't mess that up, we've been married for 15 years . . . well 35 if you recount how many times I've relived today. Couldn't something actually have messed up my marriage? I can't imagine. 

"This is really important, Dad."

"Give me a minute Griffin, I really need to focus right now."

Holy cow. What could I have done. Could it have been the meeting with my boss? Could it have been the client meeting. What could make it so important to relive it for 20 years? My wife? Is she cheating on me? Could I have done something so wrong?

I need to think, I need to clear my head. 

"DAD!"

"Not right now! I need to think!" 

I just heard the front door slam. Oh fuck! did I really just miss something so important from my son? Is that what did it? What time is it?

1000, no, he's just got to get to class today, it couldn't be that. What could be wrong?

I've been running this through my head for hours, what did I do wrong today? I need to get out of bed and figure it out. I'll get into the shower, that always clears my mind. 

Wait, I've been thinking this through in the shower now for a long time, what time is it? 1300? Hell, I was so focused on what was wrong I missed my lunch. Email, did he email?

Yes, but it's a nice note. He missed me for lunch and just wanted to congratulate me for 10 years at the company and for landing the contract with Aerofoil. Aerofoil. That's my 1400 meeting, better be ready for that. 

I need to get dressed now. But I still need to figure out what I fucked up. There's got to be something big. Pants, shirt, tie. Which color would work best. I need to look good for this. I already missed a meeting with my boss. Missed talking to my son when he said it was important. I need to make this meeting just right. 

Which shirt? What color tie? I better pick just the right one, I don't want this to be the mistake I'm reliving for 20 years. Ok, this looks good, what time is it? Fuck, how did I think through three more hours today? Now I missed the fucking Aerofoil meeting. I hope everything is still good with them!

I need a drink. I've got a nice single malt at the wet bar right next to my room. I don't even need to go downstairs. A couple of those and I'll feel better for the date with my wife. 15 years, what a glorious marriage. She's still the love of my life. And our kids are great. What could my son have wanted to tell me this morning? I hope I didn't fuck up by missing him, I hope he's not upset that I was more worried about myself. One more drink, that will calm my nerves and let me focus. 

Where was dinner? What does my calendar say? Chart House. Shit. We've never gone there before, as well as I know. Have we gone every night for the last 20 years? Shit, it's got a strike through. Now what? What the fuck does that mean? I'm getting pissed at this day, it's just getting harder to figure out what I really fucked up. 

God dammit! I need to pull together. I'm already an hour late for dinner. Get an Uber, but to where? Where do I need to go? Shit, my wife will be pissed that I'm late tonight, tonight of all nights. 15 years. One more drink. 

Shit, now I'm spinning. I had too many drinks. What's that noise downstairs? Is my wife home, pissed at me? I've got to lie down. 

"Honey, where have you been? We've all been waiting downstairs for you, at your birthday party. Didn't Griffin tell you that your boss and friends were all coming here tonight?"

Shit. 7213. I must have really screwed something up. I've got to think about this.

What did I do?

