I'm not a hero, I'm a man with a job. have a specific set of skills. When a DM wants to get rid of a character but declines to use the plethora of tools at their disposal, they message me. Generally, I like more than one session to handle these kinds of issues, but I took this job as a personal favor.

The party of four that I joined was several levels into the 3.5 adventure module, "Red Hand of Doom", and after a few minutes of playing, I immediately saw the problem.

"I would like to seduce Trellara Nightshadow." Primus, the paladin, announced to the party.

This was met with a plethora of groans from the other party members on the Discord server. 

"Make the roll I guess." Trevor, the DM, said in a resigned voice.

A few clicks of a keyboard and a triumph exclamation from Primus' player, Scott, later began the most uncomfortable roleplaying session I've ever had the pleasure to sit in on. 

Now, before most DMs bring me on I ask them if they've done the adult thing and spoken with the problem player first. Most of the time this solves the problem, but in this case, Scott was the worst kind of D&D player, he was *That Guy*. While *That Guy* can come in many shapes and forms, they can be highlighted by their complete disregard for the fun and enjoyment of everyone else. And Scott, well he was the worst I had ever seen. I won't insult you by describing what followed his successful Diplomacy check against the innocent elf NPC, Trellara Nightshadow, but suffice it to say that it would make the average person either blush or cringe in physical pain. 


It was at this point that I knew that Primus had to go. While my character was only about level 6, Gorbash Ironhorn was built specifically to take down characters like this. I know enough about 3.5 to sculpt a character for just such an occasion. The first thing you need to know about my good friend Gorbash is that his base class is Monk. At level 6, Monks have the ability to make a "flurry of blows" which allows them one more attack each round than what they would normally get, but with less accuracy. But Gorbash wasn't your usual human or elf Monk, he was a minotaur, and this gave him a nice +8 bonus to strength. The cherry on top of it all was the template that the DM allowed me. Gorbash, you see, was a vampire, something that the paladin should have known if he wasn't so busy trying to fuck every female NPC from Drellyin's Ferry to Brindol. Having the vampire template gave Gorbash's unarmed strikes the ability to bestow 2 negative levels per hit, and with the Monk's 'FLurry of Blows" ability Gorbash could take away 4 levels from a target per round. 

So I bided my time, as the DM had informed me that they would be facing off against the Ghostlord, a druid turned lich, who had sworn allegiance to the main villain. I won't bore you with details of the fight, but I will let you know that we won by the slightest of margins. Primus took his place about the Ghostlord's corpse and began to speak about not only his own glories but about how many fair maidens he would need to satiate his lust after defeating such a fierce enemy. 

He never saw my vampire minotaur Monk coming.

There is nothing like the strangled cries of a player when you announce:

"I would like to walk up behind Primus and attack him with 'Flurry of Blows.'"

"Roll to hit," Trevor said I could feel the smile in his voice.

"23 and 25"

"And damage?"

I rattled off the total and reminded Trevor that negative levels reduce the maximum HP of a creature by a hit die per level. I logged off before I could hear Scott react to the death of his paladin, but my job was done. I'm not a hero, you see, I am a Character Assassin.

