On this morning, I was surprised to find my demon unusually excited. Over the last two decades Balazar had, despite my best efforts, been supernaturally moody and withdrawn. I thought perhaps, after a period of adjustment, he would acclimate to the scenery of Earth. As my riches grew, I got him appointments with the best therapists money could buy. But nothing quite worked. Until, quite suddenly, this morning, I found Balazar bouncing around the living room like a demon possessed.

He picked up the children and danced around, letting them grab his horns, as they giggled.

“My turn” he chanted, “my turn, it’s my turn.” Soon they joined in singing with him. 

I rubbed my eyes. “Jesus christ Bally. What the hell’s up with you?”

“Hell is up with me John. Hell exactly.”

I shook my head, “I’m going to watch the news.” I walked over to the couch, sat down and turned on the TV. From here you could see sweeping views of the whole city. My neighbours were Brad Pitt and Slash. Imagine that. The anchors were talking about my company on the news: “and looks like some bad news for J Corp this morning.” I sat up, confused. Bad news? Those were two words had hadn’t heard together in, well, twenty years. 

“Since the markets opened this morning, stocks have fallen by 20%.”

“What!” 

In the background Balazar was still chanting, “my turn. My turn.”

“Balazar, will you shut the hell up.”

“Hell!” he cried, “we’re going to hell.”

“we’re going to hell” the kids laughed after him.

I pulled out my phone. Ten missed calls. I blinked. “We’re down. Why are we down? For christ sake Balazar will you put the kids down and stop dancing?” He put them down, but the smile was still plastered to his face as he skipped over, his hooves clacking on the polished floorboards. “What’s going on?”

“Your stocks are down.”

“Yes. I know. Why?”

Balazar shrugged. “They’ve been artificially overpriced for years because of my magic.”

“Yes. I’m aware.” There was a silence. “I feel like I’m missing something here.”

“Oh John” he leapt forward and hugged me, “you don’t see, do you? It’s my turn.”

“Your turn for what? And just calm down okay? You’re like the kids on Christmas.”

“Okay” he took a few deep breaths, fanning himself, “I’m calm. I’m calm. Do I look calm?”

“You look like you’re on drugs.”

“Twenty years ago you summoned me.”

“That’s right.”

“No I mean. Twenty years to the day.”

I shrugged, “Happy anniversary?”

“John. Don’t you remember? The spell you used to cast me. It was a two part spell. A contract. You get me for 20 years. I get you for 20 years.”

“I’m sorry what?”

“Don’t be sorry. Be excited! We’re going to hell! Oh hell is nothing like they tell you John. It’s really quite a marvellous place, and there’s companies there too, and you’ll really like it trust me.”

“I don’t quite understand. Me help you?”

“Yes. That’s what the spell is. Didn’t you read the fine print of the spell?”

“Read the fine print. Shit Bally I was ten years old! I pulled the book down from my grandmother’s shelf, dusted it off, flicked it open to a random page and just started reading.”

“Best decision you’ve ever made John. Trust me. Ok we’re leaving in five.”

“Leaving. No we’re not leaving.”

“We’re going to hell.”

“I’m not going to hell.”

“Yes. You really are” he gestured with his hand. And I took a step forward unwillingly.

“How did you do that?”

“Part of the spell. Look I’m not going to use it unless its absolutely necessary. You’ve been a good sport to me, I’ll be a good one to you.”

“Bally. I can’t just go. I have a family here. A company to run.”

He waved a dismissive hand. “Time runs differently in Hell. 20 years won’t even be a day here.”

“But it will be 20 years for me” I answered, “in hell. I mean — what, what help do you think I’m even going to be? I’m not a demon, okay, I can’t wave my hands and make things happen.”

“Oh but John. You can” he lowered his voice, “you have no idea the power unclaimed souls wield in the afterlife. No idea.” I swallowed.

Balazar pointed to the wall, and a dark portal opened up. “Oh god. Bally please. Don’t, don’t make me go.”

“Think about it John. This is what you signed up for. You get a choice to go willingly. Or to be dragged along. But you are coming. Satan knows the shit I went through for your dreams.”

“And what exactly are *your* dreams?” 

Balazar smiled. “To rule” he said. “All of it.” He slapped a hand on my shoulder, “just you wait” he said, “you're going to love it.” I bolted for the door. But halfway my legs stopped working. I turned around and marched toward the portal, as my children echoed Balazar’s chant from the kitchen.

“You'll be back before lunch” Bally reassured me, as I passed through the portal and darkness fell around me.

[r/jmoorestories](https://www.reddit.com/r/jmoorestories)