I'd always feared death. The idea that, one day, life would just- just end? Terrifying in a way I still can't comprehend. It had always been a hidden fear, one that stuck only in the back of my mind, drowned in the happiness of childhood. Until, at age 9, when I watched my Dad fade away in his hospital bed. I watched the light drain from his eyes, and suddenly that hidden fear had no felt so real. 

By the time I reached secondary school, I was pouring myself into studying aging, death, any avenue that might alleviate my long time fear. I was scrawny, pale and antisocial, but that was how much this fear drove me, this burning desire to be more, to last longer, to truly matter in the scale of the universe.

No one understood. Not the counsellor, not the teachers and not my mother. At first, my fear burnt away the loneliness, but it slowly built itself back up, another anxiety weighing on my soul.

Then I met her. Karen. The love of my life, the only one who shared my fear. I'd seen her at a lecture I was attending, and it was like seeing myself in another life. The look in her eyes, the desperate fear that came from deep within. The same look that stared at me from every mirror.

We were happy together. We spent countless weeks seeking immortality in the field of science. By the time we were old, we were losing hope that the world would yield the secret we both longed for. Karen decided to stay the course, adamant that science held the answer. Meanwhile, I turned to the arcane.

At first the search seemed futile, with every hack promising the power I sought, but soon enough my diligence caught the attention of the right people. A cult, who possessed the knowledge, but not the means. The Necronomicon, the tome of maddness that no mortal could read. The cultists claimed that one who had enough willpower could navigate the book through sheer determination. 

My fear allowed me to browse the book at my leisure. I quickly found what I wanted, the ritual that would grant immortality. Yet, as I read the infernal words, my heart sank. The ritual required a sacrifice, it had to consume that which you loved most.

I showed the book to my wife, fearing what she might ask of me. Yet she took my hands, tears in her eyes, and told me that eternal life was not worth my life. We cried together, accepting that we had failed in our quest. Life would take us both. And, for once in my life, that didn't so bad.

Yet I awoke next morning to an empty bed. Karen was nowhere to be found. I searched the house, the lab, anywhere she might have gone. Finally, I heard her crying from the basement. I rushed down the stairs, only to find her crumpled and crying on the floor, clutching my dead body, my cold hands still clutching the dagger that pierced my heart.

----------------------------

So, ummm I actually couldn't think of a good way to finish this. I mean the current 'ending' is alright but it's only loosely connected to the actual prompt as it is. I felt that I needed to write this afterword to aknowledge that. Wrote this on mobile btw so there are probs typos.





