It was a quiet Tuesday afternoon at school, the parking lot empty, except for a few cars. David, the captain of the varsity soccer, hockey, and baseball teams; walks through the empty school towards the library for detention. Something feels eerie and mysterious about the situation, but he chalks it up as the school being empty. As he walks in, he sees everyone else in detention. Immediately, he recognizes Damon; one of maybe four goth kids in the entire school, sitting at one of the tables, staring out the window. "His trench coat and studded wristbands are noticable from a mile away," David thought to himself. He also recognizes Mei, one of the smartest people in the class, first chair violin and also part of the school choir. She's sitting across from him, her head down, clearly disappointed in herself for getting detention. The third person he doesn't know, a new girl, previously home schooled. He thinks her name is Clarissa. He's seen her walking around school, not really talking to anyone.

As he sits down, Principal Hawthorne snidely greets them. "Welcome to afternoon detention. You all know what you did and why you're here, and this is your punishment." 

David looked at everyone else, wondering what everyone else did to get detention, and thinks back to what he did. looking back on it, he doesn't even know why he called Mrs. Lane a bitch and walked out of her class, it felt like someone else was controlling him in that moment. 

"I hope you all enjoy your evening here in detention," he said sarcastically, "I know I will." and as he finished talking, Principal Hawthorne gave them all an evil grin, and started towards the door. As he walked out of the library the four students each looked at each other in confusion, and a strange feeling overcame them all. David thought to himself, " this feeling, this is what I felt walking through the halls," and they each, one after another, pass out. 

They awake in what appears to be a town square, a hot, midday sun beating down on them. When they all come to, the also realize that their clothes have changed too. David's letter jacket has now become a leather breastplate, Damon's trench coat turned into a hooded cloak, Mei's sweater a cape, and Clarissa's hoodie became long hooded robes

"Where are we, and why do we look like we're dressed for a Renaissance fair?" asked Damon.

"I don't know, but I think Hawthorne had something to do with it. That weird feeling before we passed out, I felt something like that on my way to the library," said David.

"This reminds me of that fantasy role playing game, Questseeker!" Clarissa said, excitedly, " I play it with my family all the time."

"Okay, that helps a bit, but then what's the goal?" asked Mei, looking around, "And why are we dressed like this?" still fairly confused.

"From the looks of our outfits, i think we're character types."  Clarissa responds. "David looks like he's supposed to be our paladin, Damon looks like our rogue, you're our bard, maybe, and it looks like I'm a caster of some sort. Maybe if our stuff came with us, it might have changed too."

They look around and find their stuff, and see that most of it has changed. their bags were stocked with gold coins, potions, and food; all the books in Clarissa's bag were now magical tomes. Sitting beside their bags was a violin-like instrument, changed from Mei's modern violin, and an iron helmet and longsword, which used to be David's hockey helmet and stick.

They soon get their things together to begin their journey.

"Alright, everybody ready?" asks David, the rest nod in unison. "Now, let's go figure out why were here so we can get back home."