I jolted awake with a surge of adrenallian and immediately found myself sitting upright in bed.

*What had awaken me?*

I shook my head, there must have been a noise.

*And where is Julie?*  The bed was empty and she never gets up before me...

".. ah, crap!" I mumble as I leapt out of bed and rushed to throw some pants on.  I must have overslept and now I am going to be super late for work, more than just my usual late for work.

I grab my phone to see just how much explaining I am going to have to do, but the time says 3:01am.

*Huh*, so what is my wife up to in the middle of the night.

The bedroom door is already open and the hallway light is on.  As I walk out I can hear a steady tone coming from the TV in the living room.  Haven't heard that tone in awhile, the off-air channel tone, or whatever it is.

I quietly walk to the stairs being careful not to wake the kids up.  Their rooms are closed so I'm assuming they are still asleep.

As I tiptoe down the stairs I can make out the radio from the kitchen playing a message:

"Evacuate immediately, get to high ground"

over, and over, and over.

Oh Shit, a TSUNAMI!!  Fuck!  I jump the last remaining stairs as I yell out for Julie.

"We have to get the kids in the car, and find out where we can get to elevation here!"

I race around the corner on my way to the garage and hear my Julie yell back: "Don't go outside!  Help me close the blinds!"

Blinds?  There is no time for that.  We could have literally minutes.  We are barely above sea level, must have been an earthquake, maybe what woke me. The hell is Julie thinking?

I yell back to her "Honey, we don't have time!!  Grab the kids NOW!!    I am going to put our supplies in the car" just as I reach the garage.

The garage is a mess, but our emergency supplies are in the dusty corner where they have sat for the last 3 years.  I grab the food first, which I am sure must have expired by now, but still worth taking.  I quickly toss it in the trunk and then grab the flat of still wrapped Kirkland water bottles from Costco.  I note that they too have a best before date which was a year ago.  I didn't even know water expired.

Back in the house I can hear Julie now upstairs in one of the kids bedrooms making a bit of a commotion.  Sounds like tape being drawn and some banging.

"Just grab them, we will dress them in the car" I shout.  "We have to go RIGHT NOW!".

Its cold outside so I run for the winter stuff, grab the first bag at hand and start stuffing in the kids jackets.  "Hurry honey!!  Every minute matters here!"  I yell as I find her jacket and throw in some gloves to the bag.

I can hear that she has moved to Brad's room now, the younger one.  But I hear the same taping like sound, and some furniture being dragged across the ground.

"Just get them down here, let's go now" I yell as I rush to put the winter clothes into the car.

The steady tone from the TV has being playing this whole time, and the radio is continuing its warning "...get to high ground".

I can feel myself start to panic.  It must be just a minute since I woke up, but we have to get out of here.  I have no idea how long we have.

Clothes are safely in the car, what else do we need?  Clothes, food, what else?

"HONEY LETS GO, I'M STARTING THE CAR, SEND EVAN DOWN!"  I shout on my way back to the garage.  "I have everything we need, just get in the car!" I add.

I pat my pockets and realize I don't have my keys on me.  Not on the console table, must be on the coffee table in the living room.

I sprint to the living room and see the TV on, still playing the annoying alert tone, with a bold message "STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE".

What the fuck?  I flip the channel and all the channels have the exact same tone and text.

Is this why Julie is closing the blinds?  This must be a prank, and a stupid one because it could get people killed if there is a tsunami on the way.  But is there even a tsunami?  Maybe that is the prank..

I shake my head, I've been running around in a panic without even verifying anything.  I check my phone and google "earthquake west coast", that will hopefully bring up the government earthquake reporting site, whatever it is called.

No cell service.

Fuck, that's not good.  There must have been an earthquake.

"Julie, don't listen to the TV, there must have been an earthquake and we have to get out now!"  Christ can she be stubborn, and we really don't have time for it right now.

I can still hear her in Brad's room as I scramble up the stairs.  This is life and death, I'm going to have to carry the kids down and she had better listen and get in the car.

I see her walk out of Brad's room just as I reach the top of the stairs.  Her eyes are wide and she looks wild or panicked.

"Don't listen to the radio!!!" she gasps.

"There is a tsunami coming!!!  The TV is a prank, why would it say not to look outside, IT DOESN"T MAKE ANY SENSE!" I feel my anger rising, we don't have time for an argument about this.  And this is so stupid, why would any alert not say to look outside unless it was trying to trick you so you didn't see what was about to come.  I didn't want to take the time to explain all of this to her.

As I reach her, I grab her by the shoulders, harder than I meant to, but I'm in a serious hurry.  I look her in the eyes and try to temper my voice as I say "I know this is scary, but we have to go right now.  Everything will be ok"

She looks back at me, and I can see the fear in her eyes.

"You don't understand" she says, her voice shaking, "I didn't turn the radio on, it's not even plugged in."