A skeleton waddled over carrying the bundle, and then dropped it into my arms and waddled back like a clumsy automaton. The Lich's glare stare deep into my eyes, analyzing me. That cold, alien stare always made me feel uneasy, but it always respected the terms.

"*They will come... tomorrow. Should I survive... you will be paid graciously,*" it rasped, like wind passing through reeds.

I glanced at the weapons. One was a large battle-axe, gleaming silver. It seemed to hum, even whisper when held close to the ear. Possessed, a mark of a heroic weapon. There must be something terrible about it, I thought. The marks along its edge suggested a vorpal variant.

Another was a wand with angels etched on it holding an amethyst gem stone at the tip. They seemed to writhe as I looked at them. They showed me their true form, knowing me to be an ally. It was a wand alright, but a totem of Succubi.

And the last was a pair of daggers, blades that appeared to be shadowy mist. These were a famous pair. Any artifact merchant would know them to be rare ethereal blades, able to cut into the spirit world and reap undead. However, something was different.

"*Soul Stealers,*" it rasped, seeing my confusion.

I laughed. Of course. Winking at the terrifying undead overlord, I made my way out of the cave. Terrible evil creatures watched me leave, guarding me. I was safe here.

I slept uneasily, hearing whispers all throughout the night. These were villainous artifacts indeed. Nightmares of tormented souls climbing through my walls wracked my thoughts. These were common symptoms of cursed weapons. But I will not wield them, and this will be the worst of it.

I bathed, made a full breakfast of eggs and sausage, ignored the humming from my closet. It grew louder as I ignored it, almost as if it was angry at me for not holding it and loving it. I knew better.

The morning was slow. I checked the sun, just past noon. They will be here soon. I had no doubt they would stock up and pass by my shop. I decided to rest my eyes behind the counter.

*Knock, knock*. I opened my eyes to see a mountain of a man delicately rapping against my open door. His whiskers twitched like an animal. He wore animal furs, a barbarian, possibly even a berserker. He had scars along his face.

Behind him stood a slender man in an ornate robe, magic symbols illuminated against a royal blue. His eyes saw deep into me, piercing blue eyes that appeared to transcend space and time. He looked young, however his beard was a snowy white. Artificial aging affected some mages. The arcane arts tended to suck life out of you over time.

I almost didn't see the last of them. He had slunk in at some point unnoticed. He wore a shadowy black cloak that seemed to seep smoke at its edges. I still could not see his face, but I saw what he was looking at. He was glaring thoughtfully at the soul stealers already. On his hip, I saw two crossed daggers, gleaming stones on them. He was well equipped but a pair of ethereal blades would be too good to be true.

The barbarian was already stroking his whiskers and staring at the silvered battle-axe on the wall.

"What kind of axe is this?" he asked in a gruff voice, but I could hear his interest.

"*Throat cutter*, and a silvered singer."

I heard him gasp. Another weapon, too good to be true.

It was then I saw the mage staring at the wand in front of me. The angels appeared to writhe, singing. His eyes glared longingly at it.

"Ah, you've found the..."

"*Wand of the guardians*," he said.

"Yes. Sounds like you know of it already."

He tilted his head, watching them sing. Then I saw his eyes squint, then widen all of a sudden. Just as the barbarian and rogue began reaching for their mutual finds, the mage acted.

"*Stop*."

Everyone froze in place, even myself. It was a command word, one that carried more than just sound. Seconds passed as the mage stared deep into my eyes.

"Where did you get these?"

"I've carried them for a long while, m'lord," I lied, "bought them from a merchant that lived near the arcane tower."

This wasn't good.

"Where are all your other artifacts? The rest of the armor and weapons do not even come close to the quality of these," he said, interrogating me.

"But some others do, if these do not interest you. Over there," I pointed at a spear hanging above the doorway, "is the Lance of Galungnir, and I'm sure you know of its capabilities when carried by an honorable knight," I almost spat the words. The wizard didn't like that.

"Something is quite off here," the mage said to the rogue. The rogue looked at him, then his eyes turned to me.

"Too good to be true," the rogue said.

It was too late. The command word had ended, and the barbarian had grabbed the cursed axe. His smile grew wider as he held it. The axe sung to him, a song only he could hear. He was entranced.

"You fool," the mage said to him.

I sighed.

"You're off to kill the demon in the cave, aren't you," I said, choosing my words carefully.

The mage glared at me, accusingly.

"Truth is, I've been waiting for an adventuring party such as yourselves for a while. I have done my research. I believe it to be a Lich in that cave," I said, looking at the ground as I spoke, trying to get the right *feeling*. I had taken theater classes once upon a time.

"I learned enough about Liches to know these weapons would be dear to any that fought them. Truth is that Lich killed my family."

I began to cry on demand.

The mage did not seem convinced. His eyes continued to pierce my soul. I could feel him reaching for it, trying to determine my intentions but I saw the trouble he had. Thank the gods for the amulet of deception around my neck.

"What happened to your family?" The barbarian asked, wanting to believe. He clutched the axe. Every so often his eyes would jump to it.

"I see them around at night, wraiths. They scream at me, accuse me of leaving them to die. They say they are tormented. I want it to end. That Lich must be destroyed."

The mage's eyes began to soften.

"And that it shall be," the rogue said, plucking the daggers from the wall.

The mage looked down at the totem of succubi and sighed.

"Remember, Torik gave us the blessing back there," the barbarian said.

Good old Torik. He still knew how to give a good curse in his old age. Gullibility. I owed him one. And he'd know it too. He'd be coming here asking for his cut as soon as these fools left.

"Alright then," the mage said, snatching the wand, "How much?"

"A thousand gold," I said, "and if you come back having fulfilled the deed, I'll give you your money back in full. I'd owe you at least that much. Otherwise, I'll spend the thousand to find these artifacts again for the next group."

The mage nodded, and dropped a bag of gold on the table.

The barbarian laughed, happy with his new toy. The rogue adeptly twirled the daggers in his hands and replaced his old pair with them. The mage shuffled the wand onto his belt. I almost saw a succubus wink at me as he turned and left.

\*\*\*\*\*

The party walked deep into the cave, slaying some beasts along the way. The barbarian swung that axe like he was born to hold it, sending skeletons and ghouls flying into the walls, shattering. He seemed to grow more strong with every kill, and more angry.

"Bring them on!" he yelled into the dungeon. The rogue shushed him angrily.

After many more weak creatures, they came to a giant room like an amphitheater. A young lady was tied up on an altar, screaming for help. The Lich and his winged helpers held her down, and the Lich brought a dagger into the air, ready to sacrifice her.

"Foul demon! It is your time to end!" the Barbarian yelled. It was the axe that spoke now.

The mage quickly grabbed the Totem of Succubi and pointed it at the tied up young woman. Swirling white lights spun out of it, *then turned a deep blood red* and formed into demonic entities. The Succubi were released. They flew into the air in formation, laughing.

"Oh, shit." the mage said, his last words. He sighed.

The barbarian's anger seethed. He turned towards the mage and screamed "Demon!" and in one fell swoop, lopped off his head. His anger boiled. His rage was endless. He growled and horns began to explode out of his head.

The rogue turned and cried, seeing his best friend murder his other. It was over before it even started. He turned towards the Lich and without thinking, leapt through the air and tumbled right into him, daggers held forward. The rogue's eyes widened as he saw the Lich welcomed the attack, held its rib cage forward, ready.

They sunk right into its ribcage and an ethereal explosion knocked the rogue off. The twisted demonic skull of the Lich began to crumble into dust, but it managed to speak its last words, "*Soul Stealers.*"

The rogue dropped the daggers and began to tremble. The soul of the Lich began to pour out like a rotten red smoke and leapt into the rogue through his ears, eyes, nose and mouth. He screamed in agony and the Lich became dust.

After a second, the rogue regained consciousness, stood up and dusted his chest and legs off, and then began to laugh.

"Well done," I said, stepping out of the shadows, "Well done."

The rogue looked at me and smiled, and in a raspy voice said, "I couldn't have done it without your help."

I could almost see a spirit inside, begging to be let free, a more honorable spirit locked away.

"What will you do now?"

"Travel, make allies, conquer. There's a city nearby that needs a thieves' guild. I could own the city in a few years."

"The capital?"

"Aye," the rogue said, his voice becoming more human.

He peered at me, "why don't you come with me?"

"Sounds like a plan. A thieves' guild always needs an armory."

We nodded, then left that cave for the last time.