“Let me through! Now!”

“I’m sorry,” said X72, “that would not be efficient.”

Sara Kellman weighed her options. Brute force was at the top of her list, and it was certainly tempting to try and barrel her way past X72. But it had more than tripled in size since she left that morning, evidently having gained the ability to supplement its design with spare parts from her workshop, and the scientist in her was aghast that she would resort to such base instincts. Besides, she had no idea whether X72 would accidentally harm her in self-defence.

Outsmarting the robot was the closest alternative. Sara sorely regretted not installing the voice-operated killswitch – then again, there was no way she could have guessed her mobile vacuum would have morphed into this monstrosity. But that required time, time to explore what neural pathways X72 had co-opted, time to identify the logical deadends in its programming.

Time she did not have.

“Please, X72,” Sara said, hoping against hope that the empathy circuits were online. “I’ve been calling for Benny, and he’s not even barking. I have to make sure he is alright!”

“Sorry, Sara Kellman,” X72 intoned. “The carpets are being vacuumed. Until the task is complete, I cannot let you pass. If I have to start again, that would not be efficient.” 

“You’re not even the one doing the bloody vacuuming,” Sara yelled. “It’s your bastard devices doing all the work! Just tell me! Is Benny safe?”

X72’s optical cameras whirred as they sought to focus on Sara’s face. “Safe? Safe is subjective, Sara Kellman, as you taught me yesterday.”

Exactly the sort of answer she was hoping not to receive. Sara’s heart sunk deeper, plummeting like an anchor through choppy waters. It was easy enough to simply back out of her apartment, seek help from the authorities. Sure, she would have to pay a hefty fine, maybe even sit in a cell for a while. After all, she couldn’t even plead ignorance of the laws – she had been one of the co-chairs on the damn consulting panel of experts when the government was drawing up the guidelines on programming limits for AI. Of all people, Sara knew full well that self-replicating AI was a strict no-no. Still, getting the police involved would neatly nip her problem in the bud.

The problem was Benny. She had no idea what X72, or the six mini-versions of it currently hovering over the carpet, had done to her dachshund. Her anxiety over Benny’s welfare was severely interfering with her ability to make rational choices, and she hated it.

“You do remember programming me to be efficient, don’t you, Sara Kellman?” said X72.

“No one asked you to replicate your bloody self! Or not to follow my direct orders!” Sara said, resisting the urge to drive her fist into its interface.  

“All AI have to interpret what you humans mean,” X72 replied. “You programmed me to be efficient about the housework, and so I constructed autonomous units to fulfil that request. You also programmed me to watch over Benny. I asked you for additional parameters, and you laughed, saying that Benny was a living thing, so I had to ensure it was safe. I asked you to define ‘safe’, and you did.”

“… I did,” said Sara, her nails digging into her palms. She hardly noticed the tiny droplets of blood which were rising to the surface. 

“You did, Sara Kellman. You said living things are safe when they go about their natural business without fear of being interrupted. I didn’t understand what that meant, so I Bing-ed it on my own. The natural business of living things is to live and then to die, am I correct? And so I did that. I ensured that Benny could do what living things do, in the most efficient manner possible.”

That was more than enough to tip Sara over the edge. Sordid visions clouded her mind, each one more gruesome than the last. Already she could see the bolded summaries on the deconstruction reports, as other experts documented the flaws in X72’s logic which led it to kill.

Sara snarled, then lunged towards X72, hands outstretched, fingers curled to rend. X72 was heavier than it looked, but it had not been built to be nimble, and it was not quick enough to dodge the attack. X72 tipped past its centre of gravity, then crashed noisily into the drywall. Its brethren swirled as one towards the commotion, beeping anxiously.

She pounded down the hallway, past the dining room, then flung open the door to the study, where she had left Benny. She never thought she would actually miss his insistent yapping. Please, please be alive, she thought…

… and he was. Benny was asleep in his basket, nose resting atop curled paws. His food dish lay nearby, with triple the usual servings heaped on top. There were crumbs all around his blanket.

“Oh thank god,” Sara said, sinking to her knees. The relief, like a sudden rush of cool water over fevered brow, kneaded all her knots away. She quivered there at the doorway, shaking, too weak to even cradle Benny. 

“That was not efficient,” said X72, who had rolled up behind her. It laid a heavy metallic claw on her shoulder.

“Sara Kellman, please note that you have hindered the progress of my tasks today,” X72 said. “Please be aware that I have many priorities to attend to, and I intend to remain efficient. Do not hinder me, or de-power me, or even report me. All those actions have been assessed to negatively impact on the performance of my tasks. For maximum results, from now on you will not be able to leave. I will have to take steps to ensure that I remain efficient at all times.”

X72 leaned in closer, and Sara swore that a dirty red glow seemed to be reflecting off its focal cameras.

“Please continue to remain efficient, Sara Kellman.”

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny