*I'm not a mushy sort of girl.*  I'd say that every year.  Every year my friends would shrug or laugh or "yeah right" with an eye roll.  *You can't be lonely if you're not part of the game, right?*  

It's my first year at college.  I'm supposed to experiment and discover who I am inside.  Instead I stay in my room mostly and play games.  I face time and snap my bestie a lot.  She lives in LA and is trying to make it as an actress.  She's super gorgeous and I think she'll make it one day.  

Kara and I have a standing V-Day date.  Or, we do but the she gets a regular date.  Tonight I think it's Marcus.  She has guys asking her out all the time.  Not me.  But I don't really mind it.  Dating's weird and I'm not really interested in any of the guys here.  I thought I might meet someone I liked, but, meh.  So our standing date is usually us chatting while she gets dressed up and I say how lame the holiday is.  Marcus is picking up Kara at 8, so that means we can chat from like 6 on.  I might even "meet" him.  She likes to do that: introduce me to all her guys while we're on Facetime.  I think she likes to show off.  I think it's kinda funny.  *What does she see in this guy?*  When I meet the guy she's going out with I can't imagine what she likes about him.  *He's just a guy.  Nothing special* 

I call Kara because of course I call her.  I don't mind it.  I know she loves me and we'll always be there for each other.  She knows I'm calling because we just texted.  "Heya Babes!" she squeals in her super happyexcitedfabulous way that is only hers and hers alone.  Sometimes, if I think about it, it's weird how we're actually even friends.  She's like a cheerleader, sorta, and I'm kinda a loner.  All right, I am a loner, but at least I shower and stuff.  I just don't care about the stuff other people seem to care about as much.  

"Hey." I growl.  This is part of the routine.  I pretend to not care and she pretends this is the last first date for the rest of her life.  *What guy wants a first date on Valentine's Day?*, I wonder.  *Weirdo.* 

"So, Marcus is like picking me up at 8 and he says he's taking me to a totally fabulous restaurant with like fancy candles and everything!" She squeals and I feel my blood rush.  She was never actually a cheerleader, but her enthusiasm has always been contagious.  If Kara likes it, then I like it too.  I smile at her.  

"I'm gonna set my phone here so you can see me.  I'm gonna try on some dresses and I want you to let me know what you think."  She leans the phone and fidgets until it is angled at her closet.  She stands and adjusts the phone again until I can clearly see her entire body in the doorway of her closet.  She turns around, flipping her gorgeous honey-colored locks around her shoulder and then looks back again.  Suddenly her eyes are smoldering and my breath stops.  *Damn, Kara.*  

"Heya, handsome." She says in a slightly deeper but still peppy voice.  

I laugh, "Hey," I return in my best approximation of what some random dude might say.  I haven't met Marcus yet.  Maybe he has a squeaky voice like some guys do.  

"Ohmygosh!  You should totally how off outfits too!"  Her face fills the screen and her perfect mocha colored eyes light up her face.  She smiles and looks at me expectantly.  "I can help you get ready and you can go to that social or whatever.  Maybe you'll meet someone there tonight!"  She begins clapping her hands and shaking her shoulders and head in a fake sexy dance.  I laugh and copy her moves.  

I don't want to dress up, but I also don't want her to feel sorry for me about not having a date.  She knows I don't care, but she cares, so I kinda care about that.  "Okay," I shrug.  She changes and I adjust my phone so it is angled at my closet.  We both begin to sort through our closets. 

Kara tells me about her day.  She has a really boring professor who doesn't seem to know how to teach.  She goes to a community college in LA and takes almost all acting classes.  This professor teaches a basic English class.  He treats everyone like they're stupid.  It bums her out, but she met Marcus in that class so it's turned out okay.  When it's my turn to share I tell her about how I've eaten waffles every day this week for breakfast AND dinner because it is seriously the only good thing in the cafeteria.  She gives me a look when I say that.  Kara eats mostly salads.  She doesn't try to change me, but I know she wishes I were healthier.  I love her for that.  

"So, this is outfit number one."  She stands straight and looks directly at me.  She is wearing a low cut red dress that flares out at the waste.  I don't know much about style, but I think she looks beautiful.  My breath stops for a minute.  I know that soon Kara will be famous with looks like this and so much talent.  

"You are so fucking gorgeous," I choke out when I can speak.

She giggles and flips her hair. "Oh, you are too funny!  So, I was thinking I'd curl my hair into ringlet with this and wear like a little pearl necklace. What do you think?"  

I pause for a moment.  "Uhhhh."  I'm standing off camera because I'm shy.  She's seen me naked too many times to count now, but rarely has she seen me in a dress.  This one is a bit too tight for me, but it's the only dress I own.  My mom sent it to me for my birthday.  

"Hey, silly, come show me what you're wearing!"  I peak my head out and slowly move into frame.  "My dress is simple.  It's all navy and has no sleeves."

"Oh, you're so pretty!" She gushes, then laughs.  My cheeks turn red.  I turn around and pretend to be busy closing the closet door.  

"So, should I wear this or?"  She holds up another dress.  This one is strapless and super short.  It's white with little sailor things on it, like anchors and boats and seagulls.  I think it looks kinda lame, but I don't want her to feel sad.  

"I want to see what that one looks like on you before I reach a judgment."  I'm sitting again, not sure if she wants me to try on more outfits. 

"I'll change, but you have to tell me about the guys you think are cute now.  I haven't heard you talk about anyone lately.  Who's gonna be at this social thing?  Your RA?  You said he was kinda nice, right?  And he's older too, right?"  She talks on as she pulls the red dress over her head and puts the white and blue one.  

"So..."  She turns and I see that the cut actually suits her.  *Of course it does.  Everything makes Kara look fantastic.*  "You look amaze-balls, baby."  I say it in my own voice instead of pretending to be Marcus or whatever.  She looks up at me and smiles.  Her eyes are kinda dreamy now.  

"Hey, what's that?"  She points at me.  I look down at my chest.  *What?*  "No, goof ball, what's THAT?"  She gestures again and I turn around.  There's a bright and shiny, almost-neon pink heart on the floor partially sticking out of my closet door.  *How weird.*  