The sound coming from the radio was as much static as it was dispassionate conversation about the political goings on of the day. The driver, bleary eyed, tried to change the station to something more entertaining, but with the pounding rain and being so far out i the middle of nowhere, this station was the only one that could be find which wasn't purely white noise. He sighed and turned the station back to what it was.

"...The President was pressed for a statement regarding...political upheaval of unprecedented...a tumultuous economy with no hope for..."

"Fucks sake, would you turn the fucking thing off? It's giving me a headache." complained the man in the passenger seat, his head lolling against the window. 

"I need something to keep me awake." The driver grumbled. 

The passenger grunted before twisting himself around and reaching in the back seat. The clink of bottles could be heard for a moment alongside the noise of pained sniffling. 

"This'll wake you up." the passenger said.

The driver curled his lip. "I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to not having to drink no name beer after this." 

The passenger's lip curled in amusement. "Fuckin right. I'd kill for a Bud right about now." There was a strangled cry from the back seat, and the passenger looked back once more to the third occupant of the van. "Calm the fuck down kid, you're worth more alive than dead. That's not to say you aren't worth anything dead, of course...just less than if you were alive. So no more funny business, capiche?" 

The child's eyes were wide and red, and one of his cheeks was a fiery red colour from where he had been viciously slapped previously. The passenger shot him a nasty grin.

"Bitey little fucker."

The driver chuckled, remembering the sight of his partner red in the face, trying not to scream as the kid clamped down on his arm as they were shoving him in the sack in the middle of the night.

"Should'a worn gloves like I told-"

There was a loud pop, and a tremendous grinding noise suddenly came from the wheels. Cursing, the driver eased on the brakes to bring the van to a squealing, bumpy standstill.

They both cursed and stepped out into the rain, dreading what they would find. Sure enough, they had a flat tire.

The passenger let out a string of curses vented his frustration by taking the beer bottle that he had almost finished nursing and throwing it into the distance. "Mother fucking sonofa cunting stupid goddamn-"

The Driver however didn't hear the sound of his partners' blaspheming as he was occupied with examining the scope of the damage. A long tear had been rent through the front left tire. And, upon closer inspection, along the front right tire. The back two seemed to be similarly affected. 

"How the hell?" he muttered as he fingered the jagged rend int he rubber. "Hey Mark, come take a look at this. These tears, they...they don't really look like a normal blow out to me." 

After a few seconds of silence, the driver called out again. "Mark?" He stood up and walked the perimeter of the van, but didn't see anyone. Figuring that the lazy idiot had gone back in the van to drink himself even stupider, he opened the driver side door. 

"Mark, you moron, this isn't the time to..." he cut himself off when he realized the passenger seat was empty. Turning to his last resort, he turned to the kid in the back seat. "Where'd he go?" he asked him in a low voice. 

There was no answer. The boy was pale faced and trembling, his eyes staring straight through the windshield ahead of him. His mouth moved in an almost soundless whisper. The driver strained his ears to hear. 

"The See Through Man isn't real. The See Through Man isn't real. The See Through Man isn't real..." 

The driver reached for the kid to knock some sense into him"Hey, kid, what the hell is wrong with-"

The sound of footsteps came from outside the van, and the Driver left the vehicle once more to face his friend who was standing in the glare of the headlights. "What's the deal Mark, had to take a piss? Either way, hand me your phone, I know someone we can call to pick us up."

Mark didn't answer, only slowly began to walk forward towards him. The driver grimaced at his idiot partner and wondered what had possessed him to include him in this scheme in the first place. 

Then he noticed that Mark's eyes, perpetually bloodshot and squinting were now wide open and a single sheen of white. The driver stepped back in disgust as the man slowly stepped closer.

"What the hell is the matter with you man?" ha asked as Mark stepped outside of the light.

And he realized that Mark wasn't by himself. Behind him, only now visible that the light wasn't shining on it was a...man. Tall, pale, and lidless eyes as black as the night around them and his mouth a thin scar of red. It's sickly, long arms were on Mark's shoulders, forcing him to walk forward like a puppet on strings. 

The Driver stumbled back and tripped on an uneven piece of road as the thing got closer. He tried to say something,  a warning or a threat, but his voice failed him. 

The man let go of Mark who proceeded to crumble to the floor as blood slowly started to drip out of his lifeless eye sockets and mouth. As the pale thing stepped over his partners body, the driver realized that he could still see the silhouette of the surrounding dark trees through its body, a misty and grotesque outline of a man...who was see through.

It stopped in front of him, and they stared at each other for a long moment, the driver in abject terror, and the thing, the See Through Man seemingly in curiosity. Finally, one of them spoke. 

"What do you want?" the driver whispered hoarsely. 

There was silence for a moment. It cocked its head to the side and seemed to regard him. "You scared him?" it said with a voice belonging to a child. "You scared the boy?"

"I'm sorry..."The driver said with a shuddering breath. I'm so sorry." he started to crawl backwards, never taking his eyes away from the translucent being. 

"Not yours to scare..." it muttered, lowering its head, its voice that of a miserable child on the verge of tears. It put its head in its hands which began to tremble. "Not yours to scare..." 

"W-what?" 

The driver blinked. Suddenly, his vision was filled with the eyes of the See Through Man and its impossibly wide, ruby red mouth. He tried to scream, but its translucent hand covered his mouth. The See Through Man leaned in to his ear.

"Mine to scare."


Next Day Edit: Man, I can never tell which story will get a good reception or not. Didn't think anyone would find it scary. Or interesting for that matter. Thanks peeps, this makes 2 that I've done which have gone over a thousand now. 