TW - ANIMAL DEATH

—

There’s a few things in life you can’t prepare for, and crouching on the side of a road in a downpour, holding your best friend as he dies in your arms is at the top of that list.

Oliver was my best friend. He stuck with me for years while friends came and went, relationships turned toxic, circumstances changed. At times we lived like kings and at others we hid out under bridges to sleep. My dog was my confidant, the one being I could trust to always love me no matter what.

And now he was relying on me for the same.

The car came out of nowhere as we were crossing a street, lights off and brakes squealing. Must have been moving quick, because by the time I turned it was already gone, shot off into the dark.

Where my dog had been now lay a whimpering heap. I ran to him, picking him up and carrying him gently. I’m not sure which of us hurt more. I laid him down under the branches of a tree, holding him tight to me with my eyes wide in shock.

This wasn’t supposed to happen. Oliver had never done anything to anyone. I should have been hit by that car. I should have died. I was the addict, the junkie, the tweaker. I was the sinner. Oliver was innocent. But I guess that’s the way these things happen sometimes. Fate can decide to be kind or cruel, and there’s nothing we can do.

I still remember his eyes, full of pain, looking into mine. I saw something there, hurt but also trust, despair but also love. 

I saw him as a puppy, the tiny white collie I’d picked out when I got my first apartment. The growing dog which had knocked my furniture around in his clumsiness and had stood guard during the night in my protection. The friend who had stood at my side with teeth bared during the mugging attempt a year ago. 

And now I saw him as the light left, his old eyes conveying a mature wisdom I’ve never seen before or since. His eyes told me that he was proud to be my dog, and I believed them. I told him that I couldn’t have asked for a better companion.

No amount of practice will take away the trepidation a skydiver feels on his first jump, or the guilt a paramedic feels when their first patient is lost. Pilots trained on simulators will take some time to get used to the feeling of a real plane bucking against their control. Some of our emotions are so vivid we’re changed entirely after the experience.

Oliver was my catalyst, and my addictions slipped away that night as easy as my tears in the rain. I only wish I had realized what I had sooner.