It wasn’t any extraordinary day. If you went for at stroll down the town center, you would see people laughing at the fountains, enjoying eachothers company over a cup of coffee in the strong, midday sun and most likely of all, see all kinds of creatures, roaming the streets, side by side with their trainers, or gladly playing with kids. It wasn't anything unusual having a close bond with ones Pokemon. 

I was sitting in the shadow of a parasol, taking some time off from work to get me a well-needed break from all the paperwork that was pilling up back at the office, when I saw a kid crying in his mothers lap, holding his hand tight. He had been playing with his Rattata, when with its strong and big teeth, had bitten down on the poor kids hand. His mom quickly returned the Rattata to its PokeBall and rushed the kid away to the nearest pharmacy, where he could get some bandaids for his hand. While being rushed away, I got a look at the kids hand, where a small stream of blood was slipping out from under his other hand. 

Another one, huh? I thought, while remembering the many accidents that've been reported recently, of Pokemon hurting their Trainers. It had caused quite the stur in medias all over the world. I tried not to focus on it too much, as I needed to enjoy my off-time, and I even got to close my eyes for a second or two, when i felt a weak vibration in my pocket.

Damnit, I couldn't seem to get a break. I got my phone out, and what do you know, my associate's calling. With a sigh, I answered the call, wondering what he was calling to annoy me with this time. 

"Daniel?", heard I a slightly trembling voice say.   
"What's happening that is so important that you have to disturb my time off?", I asked, not trying to hide my irritation.  
"You should try and come down to the beach. There's... There's something I can't quite explain over the phone". This time he didn't manage to cover up the terror that filled his words.   
"I'll be right there", I said,hung up the phone and got up from my chair to head for my car. What could this be? Normally I wouldn't give up my break for anything work related, but the way he spoke on the phone... It filled me with a sense of uncertainty. What could've happened that freaked out my normally calm-minded coworker? 

Deep in my thoughts, I tripped over something small on the path. I looked down, and saw a little Pikachu looking back at me. I quickly distanced myself from the Pikachu, because there was something in its eyes. Something i'd never seen in the eyes of a Pokemon before. I got the sense, that if i hadn't been on my merry way as soon as i had, that Pokemon would've done a lot more than just stare at me evilly. I tried shaking it out of my head, thinking it was probably just something I had imagined. But I'm sure it wasn't. Its eyes were somehow... glowing. 

I arrived on the beach some 10 minutes later, not sure what I was looking at. A ship had crashed onto the beach, destroying the otherwise beautiful view of the water. I was hit with an extremely foul smell, that came from the direction of the ship.

"There you are!" yelled my coworker from down besides the shipwreck. I walked up to him asking what I was looking at.

"Come. I'll show ya." We walked around to the other side of the wreck, where a huge gaping hole in the ship appeared. I gasped out of shock. Within the ship, laid the corpses of an entire crew. Or, atleast, what was left of them. 

"What monster could do this?" I asked dumbfounded by the overwhelming view. 

"You tell me. You're the analyst." 

I walked up to the bodies, pinching my nose to keep out the smell. I went down on one knee next to one of the bodies, pulled up their shirt to get a clearer view of the marks. It wasn't pretty. The cuts were different from any creature I could think of. Attacks from Pokemon in the sea weren't uncommon, but nothing made cuts in the way it was presented in the flesh of the torso. It almost looked like 2 fangs had bitten down on the poor guy, but no water Pokemon had that bite. I turned the body around, and another pair of deep cuts were found on the back. This was a Pokemon big enough to eat a person whole. There wasn't any creature that big in the ocean. 

I hear a sound coming from a room to the left. I move carefully, stepping between all the bodies, and enter the room. I had to pull me together to not throw up. In here the smell was a lot worse. There were more corpses laying around here, every single one with a tear in their clothes where the supposed fangs would've bitten down. 

I notice the source of the sound i heard in the other room. It was a Magikarp. 

"Kaaaarp. Kaaarp", it said while splashing around in a small pool of water. Poor thing can't breathe. I look around. This must've been the kitchen, based on the broken fishtanks located at the walls and the knives floating around on the ground. It didn't look anything like a kitchen right now, though. Holes in the walls and floor and with materials laying all over the place, you wouldn't be able to make sense of anything. 

I went over to the Magikarp, which seemed to be the only one left, picked it up and studied it. 

"You couldn't have done all this, could you?" I asked jokingly. I looked it in the eyes, and it looked straight back. I dropped it, scared out of my mind. It had the same eyes as the Pikachu earlier. What was happening? The Magikarp let out a roar, which didn't seem anything like something of its size could produce. I took a step back, and almost tripped over one of the bodies. 

The Magikarp began flashing white. As far as I knew, this could only mean one thing. I had seen it a multiple of times. It was *evolving.* 

But a Magikarp can't evolve, I thought to myself. There has been no records of it evolving. It's just a useless fish, that is used in a lot of different foods. But there it was, evolving. It was growing, while blinking with different colors. I saw white, red and blue. And suddenly it stopped. In front of me, I saw a huge blue monster, with a big mouth, containing 4 extremely large teeth. I was paralyzed staring at it, as it stared back at me, eyes glowing, like the Magikarps had moments before. It let out a roar, which felt more powerful than anything I had ever heard before. It was as if that jumpstarted my brain, and I fled for my life out of the room, and out of the ship.

"RUN!" I yelled at my coworker, who was standing still, shocked, having heard the roar coming from the creature. I pulled his arm to pull him out of his trance, and he followed me, looking back over his shoulder to get a look at whatever was following us. I chose to peek back to see how close it was. Apparently it hadn't followed us, but slithered out to the water. It looked like a big blue snake with huge fins. It looked absolutely menacing. We stopping and looked in its direction. As if it knew, it stopped in its tracks, turned around, looked at us and burst out a roar, that was so strong, that I felt it in the bones. It turned around and disappeared in the dark water. 

When I went to sleep that night, I could still feel the roar echoing through my body and my usually pleasant dreams were exchanged with nightmares of a huge snake-like creature attacking my home.