I felt an intense, white hot pain, and then: nothing. There was nothing but total darkness. The feeling slowly returned to my limbs, and I was able to open my eyes. Still: total darkness. I landed, wherever I was, on my hands and knees. The ground beneath me was gritty feeling, almost rocky. I'd already scraped my hands, and my knees ached from the impact of landing. I slowly brought myself up to my hands and knees.

Where am I? I thought. It's so dark, a little frightened voice inside of me said. But a much larger terror washed over me as it all came rushing back to me: the river, my overalls snagging on a tree branch, hitting my head on a rock and then...darkness. My summer of fun ended in tragedy. And now I was here, alone, in the dark.

I knew the only thing that I could do is move forward until I found some kind of source of light. As I trudged forward, I tripped over the rocks under my feet. I must be in some kind of cave, I thought. I've never seen anywhere so dark. As I continued to move, I began to see a small pinprick of light. Hope blossomed in my chest: there was a way out of here. I started running towards the light, and then, tripping over myself one last time, I fell over a chasm, into the light, and landed facefirst in a room.

The first thing I noticed about the room: it was empty. And it was hot. I was from Georgia, originally, so I knew what heat was. But it was ten times as hot as a humid Georgia summer day. As I felt myself beginning to sweat, I looked around me and noticed that the room was bare, save for a table and a chair. The sound of a harmonica floated through the air, a haunting, dissonant melody. A melody I found eerily familiar. 

That small point of confusion over the sound dissolved quickly as I turned to literally face the music. My face contorted with rage at what I saw.

It was him. My greatest enemy. The enemy I knew I would one day have to face again. Playing...a harmonica? The evil creature who beat me, the greatest fiddle player in Georgia, the boy who saved his home state from pure evil...was playing the HARMONICA?

I could barely utter a syllable as he sat there placidly, playing. But the ungodly rage that I felt suddenly exploded and I uttered just one word: "You."

The devil stopped playing the harmonica and met my eyes with his own fire-filled ones. "Me."

We stared at each other for a long moment. I was tempted to pull out my fiddle and start waving it in his face, but I realized i'd left it back on the river bank on that lazy afternoon. Foolish, really, to leave a golden fiddle on a river bank. But we were trustworthy folk, in Georgia. And i'd already met my greatest enemy.

"What am I doin' here? I thought I chased you away for good."

The devil leveled his gaze at me, and spoke in a low voice. "We aren't in Georgia anymore, boy."

A new realization washed over me, and I knew he was exactly right. "Then we're in your house now, huh?"

"That would be correct."

As I noticed how empty it was, I gathered the courage to ask a question. "Then how come nobody's here?" 

The devil stared at me and said, "I don't have to tell you anything." I stood and waited for a beat. Then, more hesitantly, the devil rumbled, "They're all gone. My righteous and merciful Father let them go to Heaven. You can go too. Get out." 

I was astonished at that. God, letting all of the sinners go to Heaven? The devil telling me to leave? That seemed uncharacteristic of what I knew of him, of the both of them, really. Years ago, when he challenged me to a fiddlin' duel, my soul for a golden fiddle, he seemed like he would do anything to get my soul, and the souls of my fellow Georgians to boot. I didn't know what to think about the fact that he was no longer in charge of souls period. After a few more beats of silence and me looking at the devil's disgruntled face (which looked like how you would think the devil would look), I realized I didn't like that answer. I didn't like being told where to go, especially by the devil. And I found it suspicious that the souls were all gone. Not even God had kept many tabs on me, as he'd never come down to earth to check on me and figure out how i'd lived so long. But apparently God had changed the rules, or the devil had, and I didn't like what that might mean for me. Or how i'd gotten here when everyone was going to heaven now. Slowly, as I stood there staring down the devil, an idea formed. A really stupid idea, one I hadn't had since that fiddlin' duel 100 years ago.

"Alright, devil. I don't know what you're up to, but I don't like it. You say there's nobody down here 'cause God says so? Well you and me, we're gonna go see God. I think it's about time I gave him a talkin' too anyway." 

The devil continued to sit where he was. He didn't like being ordered around, either. He said, "I'm not moving. I quite like it down here without all the noise. Gives me a chance to focus on my music." But I could tell that he was lying. He missed being able to torture all those souls, and there was a hunger in his eyes which couldn't be sated. "Oh no, you don't, you slippery old...devil," I finished lamely. "You're comin' with me." I moved to grab the devil's arm.

"I wouldn't touch me if I were you, boy."

I realized that might be an even stupider idea. But then: a lightbulb came on. The only way you could get the devil to do anything was to make a deal with him. And, i'll be damned, I loved makin' deals as much as he did. I stroked my nonexistent chin hair for a minute and said, "Alright, devil. If you won't move, then i'll make you deal." The devil perked up, then. I continued. "If you come with me to see God, i'll give you a rematch on that fiddle duel we had. If you win, you get the fiddle back and as many souls in Georgia as you fill up in this place. But if I win...I get to go back to Earth and live out the rest of my immortal life...do we got a deal or what?"

The devil looked at me again, as a slow, sinister smile spread across his crimson face. He held out his hand to me and said, "it's a deal...Johnny."




