The alarm went off at 6:30 in the morning.
Jeremy managed-struggled, to get out of  his bed. It was almost quarter to 7 when he finally got in the shower. It seemed warmer that usual. Lively even. See, jeremy's shower was never hot- not cold- but just luke warm but he didn't have the money to fix it and it worked just fine so he left it. So to have a piping hot, steaming shower for once was a miracle. It splashed down his shoulders in torrents, he lathered his body in shower gel - lidl's own brand; he couldn't even afford proper shower gel.

10 minutes later.

A voice shuddered through the now misty air, it was saying something. Jeremy just couldn't hear it quite loud enough to be decipherable alongside the downpour of water... After a while Jeremy got out of the shower- well, tried to get out of the shower. The door was stuck again. He quickly realised the water was still running and thanked the door for some odd reason; as he turned it off the voice became louder, instantly. He jumped- and stubbed his toe on the corner of the shower. Jeremy listened to the shower, it was saying something about curing cancer, it got halfway through the cure -not enough to do anything with and stopped; saying this was "payback" for everything he had done, from not getting rid of mould to using cheap shower gel- "every time you use that, it hurts" the shower said. "Come on man can't two dudes just share their ideas with each other?", " I think that Donald Trump is... is... GOOD!!!" Jeremy exclaimed hesitantly. The shower turned on full power(pityingly weak, but definitely not pleasant) 
"DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER?" Said the shower.
 "Sorry, I didn't know showers had genders."
 "That's it, you aren't going to find out how to cure cancer"
Jeremy stood in the shower for a couple of minutes before figuring it out. He would torture the shower.
He turned it on full, then back down to nothing- 5 consecutive times he done this, the shower grunted in discomfort. He turned it to hot then cold another 5 times, this time the shower howled in pain and begged him to stop. Then Jeremy took it too far, he pissed in the shower... It immediately continued with the cancer cure.
After it had finished speaking; what must of been an hour worth of lecturing, he got out, dried off and wondered how he would remember everything that had been said. Jeremy never remembers anything... Surprisingly though, even when watching arsenal getting destroyed with his mates, he still remembered. It was like a drone in the back of his brain constantly willing him to do something.

He had decided, tomorrow he would send a letter to the government. Explaining everything.

It was 8 in the morning when Jeremy woke up on tuesday. He went through his morning schedule like normal: shower, get dressed, breakfast(usually rice krispies or cornflakes) and then he made his coffee. Oh- he sometimes brushed his teeth as well. 
At 9PM it was getting dark, he pressed send...

It had been 3 months and he was giving up hope on Theresa May and the bloody conservatives- they broke away from the European union and they can't even look at the cure for cancer! A few hours later though, He received a letter. The contents were simple, but sweet. Thanking him so much for his amazing cure to cancer that seemed so simple now that it was figured out. They attached a healthy lump of cash, five hundred thousand great british pounds- new, they ruffled with a satisfying sound in his hand when he flicked them. Oh, he also got knighted which wasn't too bad! After this he got so much attention. "Oh look it's Jeremy Carter!!!" "Oh look that's the dude who cured cancer" "oh look this" and "oh look that". He liked the attention and the money- for a while; in the space of 3 weeks he had gone from happiness, bliss and enjoyment to agitation, frustration and stress. After that he decided to do something about it, he poured petrol all over his front garden and lit it whilst spitting on the press and throwing all assortments of things at them.

-Part 2 coming if people like it
-First writing prompt story
-Please give me advice and positive criticism.



