He shuffled forward across the sterile tiles as his robe dragging behind him. There was the child. It slept peacefully, swaddled in white cloth behind the glass.  He leaned forward and readied his staff, but stopped as it yawned and stretched. Its eyes opened and it stared at the old man curiously. Innocent, but for its parents' mistake. Ashamed, he turned and moved towards the room where they slept.

The father slept awkwardly in a chair, his chin resting on his chest with one hand in his lap and the other hanging at his side. The mother lay in the bed, hair still damp from sweat and exertion splayed across the pillow. They were exhausted. Creating life was never easy, especially for mortals.

He tapped his staff against the floor and they both awoke with a start. 

"Uhm... Can we help you?" the father asked, one hand rubbing his eyes.

"Claire and Daniel of America."

"Uhh..."

"You must renounce the sacred oath pressed upon your child. You must deny its wrongful birthright or you shall be blasphemers."

The mother groaned and covered her face with her hands while the father rose from the chair, "Listen buddy, why don't I call a nurse for you? I think you're in the wrong room."

He tapped his staff against the floor and the man returned heavily to his chair. The father stared at his legs incredulously.

"The Bound One shall not be worshipped," the God spoke softly in a flickering light, "nor his name uttered in prayer. He shall wait the end tortured and despairing, lost to the world of Men and Beast for his crimes."

They stared at him in shock. "Who-"

"I am the beginning until the end, mortals."  His robe fluttered around him and one eye glared at them. "Renounce your blasphemy, and you will be spared!"

They shrank away from him, as they always did when he revealed his power. But they didn't recognize him. It had been too long. He sighed inwardly. Mortals could never remember for long.

"Speak my name!" he cried and pointed his staff at them.

Eyes wide, they gibbered incomprehensibly.

"SPEAK MY NAME," he roared.

"Odin," they murmured suddenly.

WHO AM I thundered in their skulls.

"Odin," they said in a daze. "The Thunderer. The Wanderer. Lord of the Aesir. Lord of Men. Father of All."

"Godfather," whispered through the room.

"And there is no other," the old man finished.

"There is no other," they affirmed.

Satisfied, he lowered his staff. 

"Farewell mortals." 

He turned and shuffled from the room as the dazed humans stared dumbly at his back. They always remembered eventually. 

He continued down the hallway and paused at the infant, sleeping once more. It would grow up as so many did in this age, forgetting what once had been, lost to the power that had once shaped their lives. Only they two remained, but better that none worshipped either of them. The old man could suffer an eternity of silence if it meant the Bound One lay tortured in the void with him.