None of what I had seen or been experiencing that night, a cold Saturday night who's wind had a bite sharp enough to make a spry young sprout like me seek shelter from it.  What I had first not been able to decipher over the howling of that spiteful wind faded into screams, then howls as I dew in closer, and finally shouts as I my inebriated subconscious drew itself closer to the source of it. Powell Street BART station made a very unique sound stage. Surrounded by walls thirty feet high that level to the street with traffic and buses rolling over top with the constant rumble of the subway station constantly shaking the earth as electrically charged tins whizzed humans by at breakneck speeds. The posters that lined the walls, ceiling and floor of the subway station made it menacingly dark, the large xenomorph head with the word 'ALIEN' hovering right below it's venom dripping teeth almost staring me down as I started down the long corridor that connected the north and south ends of the bart station. Save me from walking a couple blocks in the cold, sure, but was an area homeless people frequently camped out in for the same reasons I was currently passing through.

That's when I should have noticed something was off. This place that was usually littered with tents and sleeping bags and bicycles was rather vacant; and clean. I had been following the source of the shouting, not because I was seeking it out, but to be aware of it's presence as I passed through. Though now I was staring it down, and it wasn't as exciting as all my anxiety had made it seem like it was going to be. A man far more intoxicated than I was, spilled into the bottom of a stairwell, seeming to be holding one side of a heated argument, staring up and off into space, drool forming in his mouth and forming a glob that would drip onto his sleeve if he didn't keep inhaling it back into his screaming mouth.

I planned on just writing him off as just some screaming druggie, choosing a pair of Skullcandies over the noise I was currently hearing. If I had plugged that 3.5mm jack in a second faster I would have missed the wet sounding hiss that finally silenced the screaming I had been hearing. It had a certain venom to it that -as the escalator brought me up to the street level- sent chills up my spine. I turned, pulling the earbud from my ear and looking back down at the bottom of the rolling staircase, seeing the man's body now slumped over in a pool of blood. I stood there frozen in place, slowly being brought to the street level as the busy life of the city continued to whiz around me. When I finally reached the top of the moving stairs and I was slid into the yellow painted margin and spilled onto the brick sidewalk.

I wish my drunken, irresponsible self had just grabbed himself off the ground and continued on his way, but as I collected myself and looked around at the people of the city walking past me I thought about the man dying below me. Did I do what any straight thinking person should have done and just called 911 from my observation post and continue walking when the entertainment no longer satisfied me? No, I turned and stumbled and staggered down the adjacently running stairs that brought me back down to bottom of the escalator and knelt down next to him. 

I can still hear his wet, bloodied breath. The memory of it shakes my fingers as I write this.

I don't know what I expected to see, was I some sort of crazy person who just wanted to see the dead body? He had a nice pair of glasses on, a knockoff pair with 'GreyBandz' in silver letters running down the arm of a pair of chromed aviators. No, I must just be a kleptomaniac, because the next thing I knew I was standing on the escalator again with that delicate pair of glasses being examined by my white, hair fingers with almost no memory of how they got there in the first place. It was night, so when I put the glasses on I turned to the street lights, judging their tint I suppose, taking a moment to think about how cool I looked in my new pair of glasses; feeling like I could take over the world with how cool I was. I looked back down tunnel I emerged from and saw her for the first time, grinning up at me with sharp teeth, horns bigger than her breasts, and a razor sharp tail.