"Oh god! It's _really_ him!" He heard a woman whisper.


"Don't look at him Jane!" Whispered back the man by her side.


Thomas Wilford James, or commonly called "The Presence", walked into a Mcdonald's that monday morning. A huge line almost exited the building and just a moment before they all grumbled about the wait. But that was before he landed outside and with a faint "ding" the openned the door.


Now everyone one was silent, some shivered, some fainted, but Thomas simply walked towards the counter. He looked at the first person in line, a towering man in white and blue spandex. A symbol displayed on his chest: a double MM. _Might Man?_ Thomas tried to recall. He shuffled himself in front of the mightiest of men and snapped his fingers, calling the attendant's attention.


"I would like to make an order, please." Thomas spoke, while opening his wallet.


The small attendant, a teenager for the matter, stared at him blankly, mouth wide open. Her jaw moved, but no words came to her.


"Oh, and good day." Thomas continued, picking a five dollar bill from his worn out wallet.


"I-I... w-w-welcome t-t-to McDonalds. M-m-m-ay I take your order Mr Presence?" The small attendant babbled.


"I would like a Happy Meal, please. They are still coming with the Dragon Ball figurines right?" Asked the small dark haired man. His choice of clothing was questionable, to say the least: a cape black as the night when he turned New York, literary, upside down; blue slippers, the color of the sky the day he killed half of the Hero Council using only his index finger as a weapon; green shorts, the same tone as the pine forest that became the whole population of California; and a white tank top, the same white that reminded the terms that each and every country signed to never pursue, botter or try to punish him, ever again.


"R-r-right away sir!" The attendant taped wildly at her screen and the workers in the kitchen went back to work. In seconds his order was ready and in her hands. She shook when she extended the brown sack and her pressure dropped when he picked it from her hands.


He opened the bag and peered inside, he saw they were gentle enough to put extra Mc Nuggets, he really loved them, but something was wrong. "Oh... I don't really like Trunks, do you have Goku instead? I'm sure you can pick the right one for me."


"S-s-sure sir! I'll check on it!" She threw herself under her counter and started to shuffle through bags of plastic and cheap souvenirs, trying to find the right one.


Thomas looked back towards Mighty Man and smiled. "Fast foods, am I right?"


The mountain of muscles and prowess whimpered and tried to smile with his shaking teeth. "I-I-me? My Mr Presence, sir, you are totally right! One hundred percent sir! Fast foods these days!" He tried to laugh, but he almost choked with air.


Thomas looked at him disappointed. "I'm not gonna hurt you, have some backbone." He turned back to the attendant which extended a small Goku figurine towards him. "Thanks love, keep the change for your outstanding service." Said the greatest of super villains, extending to her both the 5 dollar bill and the Trunks miniature.


The Presence picked his small brown sack and walked outside to the warm light of the day. With a tap of his slippers he started to float and vanished in the clouds way up above.


Inside the insignificant road side restaurant some cried, some screamed, some stomped their foots on the floor. How could such travesty happen? How a man that enacted genocide upon the peoples of America can be walking freely and unpunished?


"He must be stopped!" Said Mighty Man in a mighty tone. "And I, Mighty Man, will crush this evil once and for all!" He spoke righteously, a hand palmed at his chest,  the other one pointing at the roof of the restaurant.


The people cheered for a moment, hope and pride back at their eyes. Men straightened their backs, Moms hugged their children. America was great, once again.


A flash brightened in the store, and a man in blue slippers was back in front of the counter. All became speechless.


"Can I get some ketchup sachets? I forgot that I don't have any home." Thomas asked in a gentle tone.


Some people shoved lightly Mighty Man towards The Presence, some even tried to, silently, cheer for his heroism. Mighty Man tried to smile with his perfect square jaw and took a step towards the dark cape wearing man, but that's when he turned. Mighty Man stared at that face, that... common, regular face, capable of unspeakable evil and saw that he had a duty and could do one thing, and one thing only: he pretended to faint and felt to the ground.


Thomas walked away from the counter happy with his sachets and saw the super hero down on the floor, his arms spread dramatically as if a spear had hit his left side in an heroic battle.


"Is he okay?" Thomas asked. The faces looked confused at him and nodded in unison a yes, without saying a word. "Must be low blood sugar, get something for him to eat." He said, while walking out of the store. "Have a nice day everyone!" He waved, while flying away.