When I was born, I didn't cry.  I was the quietest baby the hospital staff had ever dealt with.  In fact, the doctor initially thought I was stillborn.  You don't cry if you don't feel fear.  Only the pain of hunger or the discomfort of a full diaper would make me vocally protest my predicament.  But I never cried.  

My mother felt blessed to have such a quiet child.  Until I couldn't give her a smile.  Smiles were for happy people.  I did not feel happy.  I wasn't unhappy, either.  I was just nothing.  My face remained neutral.  This made my parents upset because they were convinced I never laughed, never smiled, and never expressed any signs of affection because I was depressed.  I wasn't.  I could not feel depression.  

Nobody wants to show off a baby who doesn't laugh.

This made life difficult.  I couldn't feel guilty for making my parents sad.  I couldn't feel sad that I couldn't feel anything.  Birthday parties weren't exciting, parks weren't thrilling, visits from family and friends didn't fill me with joy.  I was just there, drifting through the days, one at a time.  

Then my uncle had an idea: Set up a donation box where people could donate their unwanted or spare emotions.  I was up for the idea because I wanted to feel something.  I wanted to know what the big deal was.  I couldn't understand how something that wasn't physical could make someone cry out in pain, or have someone explode into laughter, or fits of rage.

We set up the box to be right by our mailbox, with a large sign that read, "Emotional Drop-off!"  Bright fliers were thrown up around town to get the word out.  The very first day, there was a line down our block with people eager to share their baggage.

That night, I picked the first piece of paper that would give me the emotion I would get.  It was from a young girl who went to my school.  She was a little older, but I remembered seeing her in the hallways.  She was rather pretty, and she smiled a lot and had many friends.  I wondered to myself if I was about to feel "Happy" for the first time.

The note read, "I cry myself to sleep every night because I am not worthy.  I am not worthy of this life, I am not worthy of my friends, I am not worthy of my experiences.  I do not deserve them.  I am a horrible person.  I am disgusting.  Every night, I allow a monster to touch me.  Every night, I am too afraid to say anything, or to do anything.  I must like it.  Why else would I let it continue all these years?  I am nothing but dirty.  I want to die."

All at once, the floodgates opened.  Sorrow seized my heart.  Guilt dissolved my stomach.  Fear clenched my lungs.  Self-loathing burned through my veins.  I was pummeled from all sides by intense emotion, not one of them good.  More intense than any physical pain I had ever felt, I immediately wanted to rip my hair out and fall to the floor in a fetal position, to scream until my throat bled out.  

*This* is what people felt?  Was this forever?  Would I ever feel normal again?  These thoughts raced through my mind as I struggled to pull myself together.  Any pain, anything at all, seemed preferable to what I was feeling at that moment.   I wanted it to end.  In desperation, I fumbled for another scrap of paper from the donation box.

The next one was from an older gentleman who lived on the next block over from our house.  Every day, he would go on a morning walk.  Often, he would go to the park to feed the ducks and the birds and the koi that live in the pond.  He was a cheerful man who greeted everyone who encountered him, and he was no stranger to a local diner in town, where he ate at almost every meal and always tipped well.

The note read, "Daria, I miss you so much, I can't even describe.  Words have not yet been invented for how much I yearn to just know you again. I see you in every morning shadow.  I hear you in every note of a bird's song.  I feel you in every warm, sunny day.  God, I miss you, Daria.  I can't even stand to be in our home anymore.  Your presence is everywhere, and yet, you are nowhere.  I can't stand it.  So I walk.  I leave.  I distract.  Every night, I hold your pillow, my face buried in it.  Your scent is long gone, but I pretend that if I breathe in hard enough, I can catch the tiny crumbs of scent that aren't there.  I want you back, Daria.  It kills me every day.  I only have you to remember, but nothing like you to look forward to.  I wish it had been me.  I wish it had been me in the passenger seat that night.  I would give anything… I would give *everything* to make it so it was me that night."

No… Oh, no.  A fresh wave of sorrow bowled me over, this time laced with intense grief, a new emotion.  I could hardly stand it.  *This* is what feeling was?  *This* is what people wrote poems about?  *This* is what made people want to create music and art?  How could something so terrible be the cause of such beauty?

That night was a never-ending tide of brand-new emotions I had never felt before.  None of them good.  I felt pain that night.  I felt grief, I felt anger, I felt guilt, I felt envy, I felt fear, and I felt loss.  That night, I learned why they called them "feelings."  

That night, something else happened: I began to grow my own emotions.  Every new emotion I felt, it was as though my body learned to replicate it for later.  Once I knew sadness, I would begin to feel my own sadness at times when sadness was appropriate.  Two days after the first night, I came upon a dead cat on the side of the road, and I felt sadness.  I had never felt that on my own before.  I would say I felt excited, but I did not know that one yet.  Instead, I just began to wonder when I would get something good.

The problem with offering yourself up as a drop-off for emotions is that everyone just wants to unload their painful burdens.  No one wants to waste happiness on someone else.  No one wants to share joy without feeling it, too.  But I continued to let them use me as an emotional dumpster because I figured feeling *something* was better than feeling *nothing*.  Besides, if I continued, there was a chance someone would eventually give me what I so desperately wanted.

I knew there had to be good emotions.  Why else would people laugh, smile, kiss, and play?  I knew yearning now… So I began to yearn for the day when someone would spare me some happiness.  

But no one ever did.

For years, past my teens, and into my twenties, all I ever knew was sadness, anger, self-loathing, fear, and regret.  I was starting to ponder more and more about putting an end to my donation box.  However, knowing how awful these feelings were, I knew I couldn't stop.  Knowing how these emotions felt, I didn’t want anyone else carrying them in their heart if they didn't want to.  So I kept the box open.
(Cont. in response)