The gigantic oak door that made up the main entrance to my mansion buckled and broke, flying off its hinges in a shower of splinters. A young knight stepped in, clad in a pragmatic and flexible armor.

"I will not let you take my dragon!" I shrieked, wielding a heavy trident.

"Yes yes, we know."

"He is mine!" Purple flames licked the trident.

"He is a dragon." The knight said, and looked around the large hall. "Also we are fairly certain you have been driven coco in the head. This place stinks by the way, you realize that?"

"He is just misunderstood! I do not need to be rescued!"

"I mean, this is more like an attempted arrest..."

I rushed against him. The coward backed away as I flung small shots of purple flames at him from my trident.

"You will never have him! None of you!"

"Yeah we gathered that when you killed the first, a crap." The young knight blocked some of my bullets with his large kite shield and continued as if he was completely unperturbed, the bastard. "... after you killed the first three people come to try and extract you. Spontaneous magical powers huh. No wonder you are completely unhinged."

"I am NOT CRAZY!"

"Sure, sure. Just any normal princess arent you just."

"Leave now or I will kill you! You will never slay my dragon!"

"We are not here to slay your dragon."

That actually disturbed me. I stared at him with large, shocked eyes.

"That was the original plan sure, but you know. We were working on limited information."

"So why have you disturbed my domicile?"

"Well..." The young knight hesitated. "We are gonna save the dragon? From you?"

I screamed out in fury and flung my arcane powered trident at him full force, he let out another frightful gasp and again raised his shield.

"Oh Crap!" The trident hit straight into his shield, breaking it in four large pieces and sending him up into the air. He hit the wall with a large thud that echoed across the hall, then fell down on the floor. He tried to stand, but his knees buckled and he fell down on one of them.

I sneered at him, looking around for something to finish the job.

"It seems you will be the fourth, sir knight." I said in a mocking tone. "You will never be able to defeat me."

"Me? Maybe not. But you know. I did not actually... ah... come alone."

And then a large number of things occurred simultaneously.

From the back of my mansion I heard a large explosive sound, as if someone had just blown up the back door, and a loud happy rumbling as if something large was being escorted out of the building.

"Oh no! My dodo!" I screamed, but at exactly the same time, windows on both sides of the building shattered as two rather short knights poured in. One of them was a dwarf, and the other were clearly a gnome. They were wearing the same style of armor as the young knight.

"This is a KESA raid!" The gnome yelled. "Surrender now!"

I snarled and turned to set the little bastard on fire, but before I could, his friend shot a strange crossbow bolt at me. As it hit me, the glass head shattered, and I was covered in a strange gas that made me cough and spit. As I was unable to form the arcane power, the gnome rushed at me and threw a very small net at my knees. Then the young knight tackled me to the ground and gagged me.

&#x200B;

"That eh, stands for Knights Extraction and Special Assault squad." He said, as I struggled and cursed at him trough the restraints.

\-

In the aftermath of the extraction, as the still cursing, still tied up, soon to be ex-princess was being carted away, the KESA squad met for a short after operations debrief.

"Cannot lie to you boss, that was helluva risky." The gnome knight said.

"Yeah maybe. I wanted to confirm she was really you know. Coco in the head." The young knight said, tapping at his temple. "Also it fit with the reports. No immediate attacks, just lots of shouting, then a flashes of purple light. And some more... much more abrupt screams."

The gnome knight grunted but said nothing. The young knight turned to a somewhat tall elf and an equally tall older human wearing the same armor as the rest of them. "How was the dragon?"

The old human shrugged. "Malnourished and scared, but otherwise mostly fine. He should be back with his parents soon."

The young knight lit a small yet finely crafted ivory pipe and shook his head. "Crazy times these. If this was back in my grandfathers days, we would have blamed the dragon for turning the princess mad and executed him on the spot."

"Things arent so simple anymore." The elf knight said. The dwarf knight grunted. "They never were. So boss, what do we do now?"

"What else is there?" The young knight said. "Now we do the paper work."