As the slender figure approaches me, I find myself begging, pleading, praying to the Gods I never believed in until I woke up from the blackness. 


No, no, no, it can't be. Not her, not me, not whoever I had been, or whoever is limping slowly towards me. Please, show me my mother, telling me how I disappointed her, the friends that I lost in the murky depths of depression, show me one of any thousand ex-boyfriends whose hearts I broke, please, please, I beg, I can't face *her*. 

But I must. She's here now, no more than a metre from me. Her hair is long, dyed in patches of brown and red. It's lank and unwashed, the tips of the split ends resting against her clearly visible ribs. Wearing nothing but a black bra and a tiny pair of sporting shorts, it's clear; she's emaciated. I can see that now. I remember looking out through those dark-circled eyes framed by that grey skeletal face, pinching the skin on those twig-like thighs, convinced that I could lose just a little more. Her gaunt hands grasp a joint in the left, and an obscenely large mug of coffee in the right, and despite the caffeine she looks as though she's about to collapse. I feel the same. 

Even her voice is no longer mine. 

"So you do remember me then?" It's a dry croak, each word punctuated by wheezes and the strain of speech. 

I stammer something unintelligible. Even I am not sure what I'm trying to say. 

"You do remember what you did to me. What you did to yourself." She's crackling with hatred, but I can see the energy she's wasting trying to stop herself from shaking. 

She's freezing, I know. The days I spent wearing layers upon layers weren't just to hide my wasted body from those that cared about me, it was to trap what little body heat to me. I'm comfortably warm now, with a reasonable amount of body fat to prevent the convulsions that are starting to shake her frame. 

She's looking at me in unmitigated disgust. Her posture is relaxed, totally in control. 

"So, how's recovery treated you, piggy?" Each word is a slap, sending me reeling. She's smirking, and languidly gesturing to the bones keeping her upright.  

"Look at what we achieved, piggy. Look how beautiful we were. Look at what you destroyed." I'm sobbing, how am I sobbing? When did I start to cry? The shock has worn off and I'm coming apart at the seams. She cackles. 

"Didn't do you any good in the end though, did it? Dead of heart failure at 29. Single. Childless. Dead-end job. Stupid bitch, they'll have to use a crowbar to get you into a coffin for your empty funeral" She's laughing hysterically now, bent double at her non-existent waist, gasping the words out, "I bet your ashes weigh more than me." 

Logically, I know she's wrong. The years of mandated therapy began the day my university GP weighed me, visibly paled, and began making the phone calls that would destroy the waif facing me. I've had nearly ten years, in-patient, out-patient, with too patient and no patience doctors poking and prodding my body, probing and picking at my mind. I know she's sick, I know she's wrong, but I can't believe it. I know I'm healthy now. I'm an athlete, I teach dance, I climb mountains. I'm not fat, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. She just hates me nearly as much as she hates herself.

"Fuck" she rasps "You're getting what you deserve" She turns, and begins to walk away, I'm screaming, reaching towards to her, jabbering unintelligibly as I feel the heat rise from below, as I watch my arm in horror as the hair, then skin, then muscle, ignite and slack off. I watch my fat arms, fat thighs, fat stomach burn away to bone and as I fall down down down to the depths of hell where I belong, my last, skeletal thought rings through my empty skull. 

"I must be thin enough now."