“Failure to appear at your ordered death date, a delinquent death contract, and improper usage of the reincarnation system,” the demon named Joe ended the list of crimes with a tired glare. He appeared more annoyed than gleeful at this odd occurrence, but Esther didn’t know anything about proper demonic behavior.

“You can’t hold me accountable for that.” She leaned over his shoulder and read the list of crimes again. She frowned confusedly, “I did this in a previous life.”

He grunted and set the list aside, “A previous life you obtained through illegal usage of the reincarnation cycle, using suicide to jumpstart it and avoid your death contract is absolutely forbidden.”

Esther rolled her eyes and flopped back in the chair. For what she assumed to be Hell, Joe’s office was incredibly tidy and comfortable. She envisioned more screams, more fire, more eternal damnation, and he was quick to inform her it didn’t work like that. 

She should’ve felt lucky it didn’t work like that.

In the chair, she blinked towards the single sheet of paper on the table. Her new contract was one Jo proposed as a plea bargain. If she accepted it, her sentence wouldn’t be as severe. 

“I don’t even remember anything.” Her neck curved on the arm of the lush chair, socks kicking tiredly on the other arm, “I don’t remember my previous name, my previous social security number, or my previous birthdate…can you imagine that?”

“Trick question.” He answered flatly, “You possessed over fifty-thousand social security numbers throughout your previous life.”

“Seriously? What a con woman?”

“No, what you were is of no importance.” The undercurrent was apparent in his statement, but was another seamless lie she wanted to thrash his skull in for. If it wasn’t of any importance, then why was she here? 

She didn’t have time to ask that question. They wouldn’t wait for her response for long. She needed to think quickly, fast, and it needed to be good. She stared about the office, searching for anything that could help her, and her eyes landed on the bookshelf.

She spun her body back around in a sitting position, and snapped the pen he held into her grip. She topped the point and sighed, “Looks like I’m out of options.”

“Yes, you have.” He closed the folder where a multidue of other signed documents were tucked in, “It seems to be that way with you mortals, always taking, always diving out of your part of the bargain.”

“No, no, you don’t.”

The pen stuttered above the signature line. All she had to do was give up the rights to her soul, forever bound in whatever hell she was assigned to.

“You know…,” she paused, “I never liked school. Always stuff about biology and spelling, but never anything useful like taxes and student loans, you know?”

“How drawl.”

“It was extremely drawl.” She hummed tiredly, “It was a waste of time, but some good came out of it, like…specifics…specific deities…and angels…and contracts…and the right, as stated in Section 407.8 Subsection Z, to evoke your angel.”

“Death Maidens don’t receive angels.”

“But my contract ended with my alleged suicide,” she air quoted and leaned back in the lush chair with a smirk, “and not only that, I read a lot of The Guide to The Afterlife and Human Expiration Resources database available online for free during my waiting period, and it specifies, because we’re doing that right now --- that I have access to my angel that may judge me and potentially take my place for my punishment.”

His perpetual smile never left his face despite all color from his chalk white face had drained in that single moment. Dim lights glowed ominously as his finger joints tightened on his desk. Each bony knuckled popped stiffly.

“What can I say?” She laughed, “They really need to consider cutting public access to these things.”

His eye sockets simmered quietly, and his head tilted thoughtfully to the side, “May I ask the name of this alleged angel.”

What happened next, Esther couldn’t explain. Her triumphant smirk faded briefly, shortly, and all was emptied, every sense in her body was slashed to strips. What was she, who was she, where was that bright light coming from?

She fell forward.

She fell backward.

Above her a woman with starlit hair and eyes of violet cosmic glared down. Her smile parted her face in two, revealing thirty-two insidious teeth, and her tongue slithered in her mouth like a decapitated serpent.

Esther came to. 

In the lush chair, she blinked at the wall, shook her head, stunned, and finally gasped for breath. 

“What the hell was that,” Joe seethed through a pleasant smile.

“Did whatever the hell that was work?”

He closed his eyes, breathed, and suddenly, was seated right in front her on the chair. She scrambled up the chair, clutching for what mortal life remained in her, and the percentage was zero.

“What are you doing?”

“Filling my part of the contract, Esther.” Eyeless sockets stared up at her, and a hand extended to shake hers, “We’re partners now, you and I.”

“So, it worked?”

“Yes.” He jangled his hand, “Shake it.”

“I don’t want to shake your hand.” She twisted at it, “It looks gross, and it’s skinless.”

“Shake if you don’t want to spend the entirety of infinity in eternal damnation.”

This was what she was supposed to do. She didn’t really want to touch his hand. It reminded her of boneless chicken, or what boneless chicken could, or the fact it was skinless hand. She swallowed thickly and shook his hand. He sighed, stood, and straightened his collar.  

“I’m Joe, caseworker and also attorney at divinity.”

“Huh…what can you not do?”

“For both our sakes, don’t ask that.”

She would’ve preferred a more optimistic response, but beggars shouldn’t be choosers.

Especially someone like them.