I wake up with one word on my mind: Steven. Is that my name? Must be. I'm lying on a bed, and I see a lamp on a table next to me. As I look across the room, I see a mirror hanging on the wall facing me.

I look into it and see an old and wrinkled face with a gray beard covering it. My hair is also gray, and it looks like I'm bald on top. Amidst the gray I see a pair of large, rather friendly-looking eyes. That's a nice shade of hazel.

After taking in my appearance, I turn to the table and see a photograph in a small frame. A man standing next to a woman, with his arm around her, both of them smiling with genuine happiness. I look closer at the man. Hey, that's me! No mistaking those hazel eyes.

After studying the photo for a few minutes, I notice that under it is a book. I remove the photo and pick up the book and thumb through it. It's a photo album. I open the album to the first page.

It's me, with the same woman, only we're much younger. We still look just as happy. I look at the next one. Same two people, only this time they're kissing. I begin to realize that this whole photo album is full of pictures of me with this woman, with us getting a few years older on each page.

My mind is racing. Is this my wife? It must be. I must be 30 years old in the first one! I don't understand! How did I lose my memory? Will I ever see my wife again? Why is nobody here? What am I supposed to do?

I calm myself down and keep looking through the photographs. Here's the second to last one. There's me, as I look now, standing next to my wife, who looks absolutely miserable. Her shriveled, ancient face shows nothing but pain and sadness. She has a hunched back and her hands look frail and wrinkled. It appears that this woman is ready to die. I flip to the last picture and my heart begins thumping furiously.

I look the same, old and withered, and I have my arm around the woman. But this time the woman is young again. She looks no older than 20 and her beautiful face is shining with the radiance of youth. I see a piece of paper sticking out behind the photograph. I pull it out and unfold it and read:

"Hi Steven! I know you probably won't remember me, but I'm sure you know by now that I was your wife. Well, I just want to say, thank you for the new body! I'm a young woman again! It feels wonderful. It's funny how easy it was to trick you into it. I don't think we'll ever meet again, but I don't think that matters. I'm sure you'll die soon. You're 87, after all. Well, goodbye!

-Heather"

