I woke up this morning like every other morning... Everybody in the house is already up , birds are screaming through my window and my stupid neighbor is mowing his lawn AGAIN! I mean how much grass is there? Does it grow back every night? I seriously hope this guys lawnmower breaks down or you know... gets “misplaced”. Anyway I stand up and go directly to the bathroom. As I brush my teeth I sit on the toilet and pee. Yes I sit on it... I’m tired and also I’m blind. I’ve been blind since birth so it’s much easier for me, especially in the morning, to just sit on the toilet... you know why. After I’ve finished my morning routine, I go and find my clothes. My sister she usually has something prepared for me to wear everyday, she started doing it when we were younger and it just stuck with us. I don’t know I guess I like it. Its our special thing, and I trust her to find me something cool to wear everyday. I go downstairs and count the steps as I go, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12! You see, when you’re blind you develop techniques to move around your house, and also you are incredibly aware of your surroundings if you’ve lived in the same house all your life, like me, you know every crook and corner. How many steps from the bathroom to the living room, the distance from the dining table to the patio door, everything is mapped out in your brain.

Now, I’m finally in the kitchen and I get my Cheerios and milk and sprinkle 2 spoons of sugar on it... I know. Ew. But I like it that way since I was a young boy. My sister walks in the kitchen, I can hear her opening the fridge and mumble to me “gumorring”... she’s not the greatest morning person ever. She sits down in front of me and as I look in her direction I freeze. She’s there. I can see her... I can see my sister. I almost want to cry. But I can’t. There’s nothing coming out of me. Not a word. Not a tear. Nothing. She’s beautiful. I’ve never seen my sister with my eyes. Her hair... her eyes, her glasses... it’s all so familiar. She looks so much like our grandma, just you know a lot younger... then it hits me.

I can see her. The last time I saw someone was the same day they died. It was four years ago, and we were all going to the hospital that day to visit my grandma, and as soon as I walked in the room I saw her, just floating in the darkness. It was the strangest experience of my life. Later that night my dad got a call from the hospital telling us that grandma past away that night. I never told anyone about what I saw. Not even my sister. And now that I see my sister I’m scared shitless. What am I supposed to do? What do I say? I mean maybe the thing with grandma was just that one time thing, and she was dying that day anyway and me being able to see her that day was nothing but a coincidence and something that scientists will figure out one day and I’ll hear it on the discovery channel... As I try and figure out this thing my mom and dad walk in the kitchen. I see them. My parents. I can see my parents, and my sister for the first time in my life with my eyes. I just completely freeze up again. Then someone knocks on our backdoor.


**Part 2!  (Sorry guys I was so tired I fell a sleep)**



As my dad walks to the backdoor, my mom starts making coffee, it’s weird seeing my mom doing coffee, not just hearing her ground up the coffee beans and then smelling the sweet aroma. I’m fascinated.. I can finally see the woman who raised me, who gave birth to me. I start crying a little but I quickly hide it and wipe away the tears when my sister asks me “are you ok Isaac?” I just chuckled and said yeah I’m fine, I just remembered it’s four years since grandma died... I know... I had to say something, it’s not like I’m going to tell them that I can finally somehow see them, I have to go about this the right way. As I’m looking at my sister though I can see my dad to the right of her... that’s weird because the backdoor is behind me... or behind my left shoulder if I’m sitting on the far left on the table. But I can only see his upper half. It took me a while to figure it out but then I remember. Mirrors. Mirrors reflect everything and I remember that there is a mirror on the wall behind my sister. I’ve felt it a lot of times on the wall... I almost knocked it down one day. 

My mom calls to my dad asking who’s at the door, he says it’s Dave from next door. -Dave? Dave is the stupid neighbor with the lawnmower right? I think his name is Dave... ugh what does he want? Is he here to mow our lawn to? I thought to myself. 



**Sorry guys I have to go back to work! I promise you’ll get more in a few hours! Thanks for the feedback and likes, I really appreciate it!**


All of a sudden I hear a familiar sound... My mom screams! I look over my shoulder and my face gets covered in something warm and bitter... I wipe my eyes and there is my father... Lying in a pool of blood. Floating in the darkness... in a pool of blood. I have no idea what happened, I panic. Next thing I know my mom grabs me and my sister and we run across the room. I'm trying to comprehend what's going on. We run upstairs. My mom tells my sister to take me in to her bedroom and hide in the closet. You can only imagine how fucked up this is. I'm seeing my mom and sister covered in darkness, running around, i'm covered in blood, and hiding in the closet... from Dave. My mom runs out to grab the phone in her bedroom. We hear her calling the police... Then nothing. We hear steps coming closer. 

I hear the familiar sound again. My mom screams again, but it's different this time.. It gets cut off, and changes into a gurgle like sound... My sister is in shock. I try to cover her mouth and tell her it's OK! I look at her... I look in to her eyes, that's so weird. Iv'e never made eye contact to anyone before. She's looks at me. I tell her "I can see you Kate, look at me. I can see you and I'm getting us out of here". She doesn't understand quite what I mean but I can tell that this expression she's giving me is some kind of acknowledgement of what I'm saying to her. I grab her arm and wait. I try and remember every last bit of the house. I map it out. 

I'm ready. I tell my sister to follow me. We run out of the closet and to the door. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, steps, stop. I listen to hear if Dave is walking outside in the hall. I hear the shower curtain in my parents bedroom move. I take my chance and run out with my sister. I remember everything. I take a right and feel for the handrail of the stairs. I tell my sister to stay right behind me. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 steps, the fastest twelve steps iv'e ever taken. I run to the left and through the living room. Five steps forward, run around the couch, feel for the wall on the right, and take a right turn straight to the door. We reach the door and run out. My sister starts screaming for help. I look at her in the darkness screaming, covered in blood.... We're outside and I can hear the sirens getting closer, my sister grabs me and runs with me down the street. The sirens are just in front of us now. I hear the cars stop and people start running to us, grabbing me and my sister and asking us what is going on, who's hurt, where is the person who did this... My sister tries to explain and tells them our neighbour came and attacked our parents. They run away from us, into the house, and we're told to stay in the police car. We hear gunshots. I look to my sister, but she's not there. I mean she's there, but I can't see her... 


---**I think that's it guys! I'm not sure if you'll like my ending, but this is my first time writing here or anything like this. I have a lot of ideas for the ending, but I also like to end it just like it is and let everyone figure out their own ending... or something? Anyways thanks for the up-votes and maybe i'll write something again one day!**



