"Personally, I think you just need to smite them every once in a while. That way they're more behaved overall, and work harder in their lives than if I let them just, run wild." Janice's eyes grew big as she motioned towards The Universe Tribune, then took another sip of tea.

Her group sitting in the restaurant at the end of the universe all nodded and murmured side comments in agreement. "I would never let them take things that far." "Bunch of selfish sinners on that planet." "I smite mine daily."

The newspaper sat in the center of the table, and the cover story took up the whole front page. All of Earth's shenanigans listed in bullet points, with a picture from an ISIS YouTube video in the background. Things looked dire for the planet. They were on the brink of self-destruction, and all anyone could ask was, where was their god?

The bell rang at the front door and an overweight woman in sweats helped herself to the bar and ordered a bloody Mary. The table of deities grew hushed as they watched her with practiced judgement. 

After getting her drink, and a few gulps in, her eye caught the familiar faces at the table and she lit up. She made her way over, and grabbed her own chair to sit with everyone.

"Hey guys! I didn't think I'd see you here!" She said warmly. "I thought you couldn't hang out because today was your descension, Bernadette."

"Hey Katie," Bernadette shifted uncomfortably in her seat, "I'm doing that in a few hours. Just wanted to take a break first." She threw back half her mimosa.

"Good to see you, Katie," Janice started, a superior grin growing. "How are things with you? Your ears must have been burning."

Katie finally saw the paper. She only rolled her eyes.

"Oh, that. Yea, it's hard to watch. I love them, but there's only so much I can do without taking away their free will."

"Is that really something you still want to prioritize at this point? I don't think the humans will last another 100 years." No one else at the table is saying anything. They're too uncomfortable with the confrontation.

Katie takes a deep gulp from her drink, looking defiantly back at Janice.

"You know, as nice as it is being worshipped, even if most of them think I'm a guy," Katie went on, despite a chortle at the table, 

"It's not important. I don't need my ego inflated. I blame myself for intervening early on. I really hurt them. Now they're still killing each other as if it's my will. So I had to stop. I promised myself I would never hurt another life on Earth. I give them gifts and miracles, but I can't smite them. They can only smite themselves, and if that ends them,"

Katie broke a little bit with one tear running, "Then that's that. I'm responsible for taking care of the planet, and maybe it will be a better place without humanity."

The tears started flowing freely. The table was shocked at her loss of composure. A God should remain stoic at all times. This was beyond all of their comprehension.

Katie collected herself, and stood up from the table. "You guys have a nice day."

She left $10 for the drink, then headed out. As soon as the door closed, Janice looked to the table for some kind of confirmation. She didn't get any. The mood was crushed, no one spoke, and everyone walked away maybe 5 minutes later.

Janice was so frustrated with how brunch ended, when she went back to her planet, she sent a plague to her people. When they asked her why, she made an excuse about how she looked ugly in her shrines.