Death, the Grim Reaper, harbormaster of the underworld, Charles that one time, whatever you’d like to call me. I sit here, on this dock over a sea of what I’m pretty sure is just a void, and greet anyone who happens to show up here.

It’s not always pleasant, not at all. I’ve dealt with my fair share of people who wouldn’t quit screaming, some who simply froze in place once I explained what happened to them, and even a few who went on as if they were still alive and wouldn’t listen to a damn thing I said. Christ, those people annoy the nonliving daylights outta me.

What? No, Jesus, I wasn’t talking about you. Go away or I’m telling your dad you’re interrupting my work again.

Anyways. That’s most of what I do, aside from directing the only boat here from this dock to the Gates every 12 hours. I won’t lie, it can get really boring at times, even for a guy who’s existed since things started dying.

...at least, it was until Ben started showing up.

I don’t know who this kid is, or where he comes from, but somehow, every single Saturday around... I think 6, Ben appears among the crowd of the dead. The first few times it happened I didn’t pay much attention, but after a while I realized that this same kid showed up every single week at this time.

Recently I’ve started talking to Ben, trying to figure out how he does that. Sadly, he’s as clueless as I am, which doesn’t help. He’s a great kid though, sometimes offering to help me with stuff around the dock. Ben has a much better memory than I do, somehow, so he’s saved my ass a few times when I’ve miscounted souls or almost sent a person to the wrong Gate. Pretty smart for probably still being in 3rd grade or something.

As for Ben himself, I’m not quite sure what happens to him at the Gates, because I’m only allowed to go on shore a certain distance, but whatever happens there doesn’t stop him from finding his way back to this dock of death every Saturday. Kid’s an enigma, I tell you.

Well, nice chat, but we’ll have to get going soon. Due at the Gates in 40 and God’s gonna chew me out again if I’m late. Just give me a sec, I gotta go get Ben.