I've seen squirrels get hit by cars before. Some get smushed under a wheel. Others prance about after girls or butterflies and then get blindsided by a front bumper. Pop! You can recognize those collisions by the sound. Not that sudden car death is a normal occurrence. None of these things are normal, or feel normal. I once saw a squirrel that was so fixated on something he thought he saw buried in the dirt, he was so OCD about whatever he was looking at that he didn't notice the pick-up truck slowly backing over him. His tail got caught under the wheel and he scrambled, stuck to the ground and his guts were squeezed out of his face along with one final thought about whatever was peculiar about that particular patch of ground. But I'm still making it seem as though squirrels get hit by cars everyday. No. A lot of days, occasionally months go by without incident. We squirrels are very good at springing and scurrying to avoid things. A healthy squirrel has less than a 1% chance of being killed or maimed by a car. So don't think about it, right?

Life goes on. Cars are bitch things you have no control over. And as soon as I decided on that philosophy life itself was a walnut.

Not so anymore.

This one afternoon I was crossing the street, and usually I look both ways. But my mind was on this squirrel I'd been chasing around the park that morning. I was chasing her around and having a lot of fun, and she seemed to be having a lot of fun and I really thought that she was going to let me fuck her. But then I went up a tree and she went down and somewhere I lost her. She seemed to have disappeared into a hollowed knot in a tree, only these weren't those type of trees. The only possible explanation would be that she was trying to lose me, because if she wanted me to fuck her she wouldn't have gone and gotten lost -- so that's what I remember thinking as I crossed the road, that maybe I chased her wrong or something...

That's when I heard this screeching sound, the loudest sound I've ever heard, louder than a tree falling, like 100 rabid squirrels dying in a pit. And I look at the sound and there's a tire coming right for me. My life flashed before my eyes, and I thought especially of a squirrel I once knew who enjoyed running in front of cars for the thrill. And I died.

I mean. Obviously I didn't die, I lived to tell the tale. I lived to tell the TALE with my TAIL... hahaha. What's even funnier than that, funnier than that joke I just made, was this: when I woke up there was a MAN standing over me, and the car was further away than it had been when I died.

I freaked! For one, I'd never been so close to a man. I was never one to eat cheetoes out of someone's hand. And I don't beg. Not that I have anything against squirrels that do. That's just not me. So he's leaning over me and I twist, no joke, in one motion springy motion I get to my feet and scurry away to a safe distance to be from a man -- for me that's about 5 yards. And then I just look at him. I just look at him. And he just looks at me. And I'm thinking we're wearing the same expression. And it just seemed like fate.

So I don't know. This may sound crazy. But I think I'm going to hang out by his house. I used to be the squirrel to say "chirpy-chirpy squeak rick rick nyuk"! People! They're no good. They hit us with their cars. Then there's all those stories about the little ones and their shovels. Sure sometimes they feed us. But we can feed ourselves. And sometimes their cheetoes are spicy and they laugh at us as we choke on cheeto dust. But I got this feeling, it was like-- I expected none of those misgivings from this man. This man who seemed to have the will to stop his car on the part of the road where cars don't stop. So call me crazy, but I think this guy is different. And what I'm saying, guys, is that I've decided to live in a tree on his property for a while. You're welcome to join me, but my mind is made up. Call me crazy. Call me nuts. I'm crazy for nuts. They are my favorite thing. Nuts nuts nuts nuts nuts. I'm going to go find a nut.

