Today's the day.

For nearly two years now, my fleet of intergalactic vessels have been traveling to my home world. We, The Nebulus Storm, were going to take Sol-3 by force.

Sol-3... I refuse to call it anything else every since that faithful day. My whole fleet knows not to call it anything but Sol-3 in presence. They've seen what happens when someone refers to it by it's proper name, or even by the name it's inhabitants gave it. Not Terra, not Earth, Sol-3.

We exited lightspeed before entering the Sol System. You could see where each system was split from the rest of open space before the next system. Sol had a thick belt of rocks on it's outer edges, with Sol-10 floating on the outside. My calculations were accurate. Given our timing, Sol-X had just passed back through the belt, throwing meteors towards Sol. Now, how many would get there was harder to calculate, but my greatest mathematicians theorized that about 50 out of 200 meteors from this belt would make it to the thinner belt in the center of the system. That would allow maybe ten large meteors through along with dozens of smaller ones. By the time we reached Sol-3, they'll have been pelted with meteors and weakened.

We continued our journey towards Sol-4, where we would set up base. We'd be there in a year's time.

It's been a long wait to reach this point, but I knew it'd be worth it.

***

They sold me back in 2085, those traitors. During the year it took to reach the edge of the Sol System, the Kalytes experimented on me and studied me. Something that differed in our genetic structures allowed my aging to come to a near halt when they applied the required control chip they implant in all of their slaves. I've looked 35 ever since. Actually, I think I'm starting to look younger, but that could be mental age versus physical age.

When we hit the outer rim and began our climb to light speed, they started teaching me Galactic Common. It's all I know now. I've pretty much completely forgotten the Sol-3 languages I knew before. When we reached the alien solar system, the Kal system, I already fluently spoke Galactic Common. They immediately put me to work. Their slave ships were like miniature planets. There was an abundance of fauna and flora. And rocks. Those damned rocks.

After a week of being in the plasmium mines, I told myself I would get out and never go back. After spending roughly six months there, the crew decided it was my turn to fight in the gladitorial ring. I was such a strong and avid fighter that they removed me from the mines permanently. I became the champion of their coliseum.

By the time the ship reached Kal-12, I had been drafted into their fleet. As a Grunt in the KQEF (Kalytian Quivolt Exploration Fleet), life on a slave ship was relatively easy. My only jobs were to clean sections of this planet-esque ship and watch the slaves to make sure they never got out of line. Given my time with most of these species of intelligent life, I treated them all with kindness until they got out of line.

Sorry, I guess if I'm leaving this journal behind in Sol-3's imperial language, I should state that Quivolt is the closest translation we would have to "space".

When I became a Slayer in the KQEF, they wanted to remove my implant, but I had already noticed the aging difference in those two and a half years and asked them to leave it in but turn it off as a test. When we reached Kal-12, I still hadn't aged a day. I asked for tests to be done and it turned out that the chemical make up of their chips when added to the genetic make up of... Terrans... Halted aging for us. With more tests, we found it was the plasmium. We removed the implant and just put a sliver of plasmium in it's place.

During my time on Kal-12, I climbed the ranks to Elite class and began missions conquering other systems in the Milky Way. After a certain amount of time, roughly a million kills during my part of the conquest, and some tests, I reached the rank of Fleet Commander and began building my own fleet to take control of Sol.

It started with building my ship. I got first choice between all of the Fleet Commanders because of my impressive record during my couple of years in conquest. I chose the newest Slayers, a couple of which hadn't been sent on conquests after receiving their new rank, so they hadn't earned any kills yet except as grunts. I also chose a handful of strong Elites to command the couple of Slayers and couple hundred Grunts they got. I also snagged more specialists like the Slayers, such as Architects, Prophets, and Glows; all of which have unique skill sets and are necessary in any conquest.

After deciding upon my foot soldiers, I found the mechanics and pilots I would need to maintain and direct my ship, as well as the B-class "ships" (more like pods). With my hundred thousand manned crew put together and my C-class ships selected, I assigned two Elites per other ship and gave them each their own set of crewmen. Think that old space show from about a hundred years ago that's constantly rebooted. What was it? Star... Explorers? Star Exploration? What ever it was, the inside of the C-class ships were designed similar to that and the manning of each ship was designed like that. For example, our mechanics were like... Smitty? And our "pilots" for the C-class ships were like... Takei? While using the B-class pods, our pilots were more like Handicap Landflyer and Dutch Landflyer.

I feel like all of those names are wrong, but I also haven't seen those shows and movies in nearly twenty years and never paid much attention anyways.

At this point, I had put together the Nebulus Storm. To prove we were battle ready and had what it took, we were tasked with finding new systems and peacefully having them join the Galactic Federation. If I and my Elites couldn't have peaceful negotiations, then we would call down our Grunts to begin fighting. Slowly but surely, we would have our specialists come in. The Slayers would massacre people of power, the Architects would design the perfect battle field for our fleet, the Prophets would predict the outcome of each battle to give us our perfect battle strategy, and the Glows would use whatever ESP abilities they were born with. Glows didn't have to be a specific race; however, certain races would have an increased affinity to become Glows. Some could alter the gravity around their targets, some could read the minds of the enemy (which helped our Prophets with stuff they couldn't predict), and others still could completely take over the mind and body of their enemies. Prophets were beings with super high IQs and were bonded with AI to help them predict battle strategies. And Architects were less of people that could build and more of people that strategically destroyed to our advantage. After conquering one system of ten intelligent planets, I was allowed to take The Nebulus Storm to Sol.

***

After about 8 months, we reached the dusty red landscape of Sol-4 and immediately set up base. We were close enough to Sol-3 to examine their possible outer orbit defense system, but far enough away that they couldn't tell we were here. We set up a defense grid to make the rovers go around us without seeing us, so the UNSC wouldn't know we were here either. Best we could tell from our initial scans, Sol-3 had no major OODSs (outer orbit defense systems). We decided that in a month's time that we would begin the Conquest of Sol.

We would train for the next few months. Our Prophets ran a quick simulation on where the Sol-3 tech might be at now given where it was in 2085, time adjustments, and adding in the possible changes Kal tech may have made on their progress. Our readings told us that they likely had newer weaponry that was still millennia behind that of the KQEF, inorganic matter teleportors, and deep space exploration ships. After adding in what the deep space exploration ships and IMTs could mean for their evolution, the simulation gave us no change in weaponry, just a change in the livelyhood of the inhabitants.

This would be an easy battle with few KQEF casualties.