“Wh-wh-wh..” 
H-143 looked at me. His eyes were blue, glinting in the breast shaped light on the ceiling. His skin was pale, and he had no scratches or blemishes anywhere on his body. That is except for the cut on his left wrist, streaming blood out of it like water does a water jug when it’s almost empty. His blonde hair was a little messy from climbing the fence from the old, yet maintained pall park right behind our house. He was confused and intrigued by my startled reaction, almost in a stupor of sorts. He snapped out of it for a second, pulling his blue and black Jansport off of his back, and rummaging through it to see if there was anything in there to suffice as a bandage in it. He found one sole bandaid, perhaps too big for the cut, wiped the blood with his shirt, and put it on his arm. 
“Are you okay, Jackson?” He looked at me, still a little uneasy by my reaction to the cut. My right wrist had been cut by the fence, it a metal, diamond patterned fence, and at the top, there was if no longer than a fingernail and thinner than phone charger, a piece of metal sticking out a little higher than the others. We had both fallen to the same spike, one after the other, as if communication did not exist during our trip over the fence. There was a drop of blood on it. 
*what the fuck is happening* I thought.
H-143 was almost a replica of me, except I have brown hair, and I’m built a little thicker. We both were 6 foot though, with an almost exclusively optimistic expression being worn on our faces constantly. That was not the case now, as I had looked down, and seen... wires coming out of my arms. They were snaking our, one of them deteriorated by the cut. 
*but.. but..* I looked at H-143, and he looked at me. 
“Jackson.. you’re scaring me. What is going on!?”
“But.. I’m the human. You’re the robot.” *i have to be dreaming*
A look of fear crossed his face. He didn’t know how to respond, and a quick smile jolted from his lips, however it ended very briefly as if it to hint that he thought I was joking for a second. 
“Jackson.. H-143.. You’ve always been a robot. What do you mean?” He let out a nervous chuckle, and took a step back. It was a very short step, probably because he didn’t want me to see his visible terror. His right foot faced the house, his left food also slightly turned to the house, like he was ready to run.
“H143.. Terry..” I began to try and form a question, not sure where I was going with it. “I’ve had you since.. si—“ 
“Jackson, you are H-143. My mother, Lisa Ayendeh, and my father, Bill Ayendeh, got you for my fifth birthday. I still remember them opening the larger box I’d ever seen, red-wrapping paper on it, and showing me you. They gave you your life chip, and your eyes came alive. I haven’t forgotten it because you were almost a mirror image of me, as if my parents had found my long lost twin.” It was true, we did look similar. My memory of this event was also a mirror image. I remember seeing Terry, well H-143, and lighting up with joy. My parents had gotten me a brother, perhaps because they would never be able to conceive another child due to my mother’s surgery. She had had a hysterectomy when I was 3, apparently there was something wrong down there, but I had never asked for details due to being disinterested in the visuals it would bring.
“Jack—H-one—“
He began running. He ran to the house, open and shut the door. It took me a minute to try and run to the door, because I was still trying to process the shock of this event. 
*Wake up. Wake up. Wake up, god dammit.*
I ran to the door, indulging this nightmare I was in, and started to open it. Only, it was lock. He had used the fingerprint scanner inside to lock it. I saw the outside fingerprint and keypad lock on the right side of the glass door, and decided to unlock it. It opened with ease. I walked in, and began looking for Terry.
“Terry?.. Terry?.. Where are you?..”
I could here commotion coming from the research room. Both of my parents had come into some money in their 30’s, by doing research for the Earthen People’s Republic (EPP) on how to use high-powered nuclear energy without risking nuclear fallout and radiation upon compromise. They had patented a motor of sorts that would later go on to be a breakthrough in the 60’s, leading to nuclear powered buildings and cars without the risk of fallout upon destruction, and no pollution hazard. 
I walked up to the door, and it was locked again. I tried to scan, but this time, it did not open. 
*What is going on? Maybe I’ll just listen*
“...he thinks...me...human...I don’t know what to do... I don’t want...deactivation..”
I could only faintly hear Jackson panicking while he was talking, but the gist of it seemed to be that he was scared that I thought I was a human, and that he did not want to deactivate me. I had heard about this once before, that when robots start to malfunction in a certain way, they are permanently deactivated. Apparently the company that develops robots, Jasmine Inc. (it is named after the woman whom founded it), was unable to fix certain bugs, but the number was so small in the affected robots (something like 50,000,000 to 1?) that they allowed the third generation units to be sold and distributed. 
Wait, I heard something..
(Muffled crying) “sniff.. I don’t.. know what else.. this is bad..” 
It was my mother. 

(Edit: part two is below)