Agathe leaned against the fence as the horses galloped past. With a slight chuckle, she pressed her hat tighter to her head as one particular horse--Et tu Brutus, her horse--  bolted  past the others, ridden by her current paramour-de-jour, Pierre Something-or-other

The other ladies of society commented on the strapping young lad and for a moment, she wasn't sure if they were referring to the horse, or the man riding it.

She didn't have very long to contemplate before she was interrupted.

"Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800s?" Startled, she turned to find a young man, dressed unremarkably in a wool suit and a boater hat.

"Pardon me, M'sieur," she began in fragmented English with a heavy accent, "I am afraid you might have me confused with someone else." She smiled politely, but began to move all the same.

To her dismay, he followed her, not seeming to get the message.

"No, I'm sure of it. Coronation of ol' Vicky, '38, you were in the cobalt blue dress." He said with a laugh. Ol' Vicky? The casualness of admitting his immortality unnerved her. Fools as callous as he were bound to be trouble. She hadn't crafted this aristocratic life, only to be given away by some young fool in a cheap suit.

She abruptly spun around on him, startling him.

" You would do well to keep that to yourself," she sniffed, speaking in perfect English. "Others will think you are mad."

"But--aren't you...?" 

"Perhaps I am, perhaps I am not. The only way to survive as long as I have is to keep your mouth shut. Especially in public." 

 The man had the decency to look embarrassed.

"My deepest apologies," he began. "It's just-- I've spent almost a century alone. I was excited to find someone like me."

She laughed cruelly, making him flinch.

" I am nothing like you. I have lived for centuries, Child. You and I are nothing alike."

She paused, and gave him a once-over.

"I give you another century before you go mad. And that, sounds like a mess I would rather not want to deal with." With a brief smile, she turned and began to walk away.

"B-but," the poor fool stuttered, "what am I to do?"

She paused, and turned to him.

"You're in Europe's Golden Years, darling. You'll figure it out."

And with that bit of wisdom, she was gone.


 

