I push my way through the crowded aisles of Whole Foods. It’s tougher than I thought. I shouldn’t have come here in the afternoon. The kids are in school and this is prime shopping time for the moms. And the hipsters? Well...they’re unavoidable. 

I don’t belong here and everyone seems to know it. Are guys even allowed in here if they’re not wearing a beanie? No one expects to see a broke college guy shopping at a Whole Foods. But I don’t need much. I focus on the original mission: grab a few cliff bars for lunch and head straight back to lecture. 

I’m mulling over the flavors when I feel a tap on my shoulder. “Um, yeah hi,” says one of the moms. It could be any mom on earth, honestly. “Can you hurry up and scoot over? I need something off that shelf.”

*God, what an ass! I hate it when people hog the shelves. Pick out your shit and move along!*

I leap backwards. “Wow, sorry! My fault! I don’t think I deserve to be called an ass, though...” 

“Huh?” She’s genuinely surprised. “I didn’t call you that...that horrible word.” A look of confusion crosses her face. “How did you...?”

“Yeah, sure. Okay. Sorry, didn’t mean to cause any trouble.” I grab a few bars and book it to the checkout line. Jeez, it suddenly seems extra crowded in here. 

“Young man, you look like you have fifteen items or less,” calls a cashier. “Come on over to the express lane.”

I dump the bars onto the conveyor belt and fish around for my wallet.  

“Hope you found everything alright,” the old lady says with a smile. 

She has everything scanned before I can get my card out of my wallet. God, why do I keep coming here? I hate lines. I hate when I mess up the chip reader. I especially hate when the cashier bags everything up and moves on to the next customer before I get a chance to put my credit card away. Yeah, that scenario takes the cake. 

*Thank goodness my shift ends soon. I can’t let that stupid child rot for too long in the trunk. She might scream and that could get messy—*

Ummmm...what???

“Sir?” The old lady looks at me with worried eyes magnified by her thick bifocals. “Are you feeling alright? You look ill.”

*C’mon, I don’t have time for this. I really hope he doesn’t throw up. Well, it doesn’t matter. I’m not cleaning it up.*

Okay, somehow I can hear what she’s thinking. And I reeeally don’t know what to do about it. “No, I’m...I’m fine...”

“Good.” She squeezes my hand reassuringly. “Alright, go ahead and insert the card into the machine. Remember, it’s a chip reader.”

God, I need to get out of here. 

*Hurry up, sonny—*

Okay, how did I hear her again? Was it because she touched my hand? Without much thought, I reach over and touch the back of her hand. It’s not easy to do—she keeps punching buttons on the cash register. 

She starts, looking up at me with confusion. “Really, sir. Are you feeling alright?”

*That damned girl better not scream. I can’t deal with cops today—*

That was it! It happened when she looked at me! “No, actually. I think I might throw up...”

Her eyes widen. “Oh dear. Well I’ll just have to call the cleaning crew then...”

“No!” I need to stall somehow. “I think it’s a migraine. I need you to help me. Can you bring me somewhere to sit down?” I press my temples hard. “Oooh it’s getting worse...”

The kindness leaves her face. It’s replaced with a mix of anger and annoyance. “Fine. But my shift ends soon so we have to move fast.”

I link my arm with hers, making sure to walk slow. As we make our way to the back of the store, it hits me. How can I possibly make eye contact with her enough to get more information? I can’t stand making eye contact! It makes me want to dig a hole in the ground and die! And I have a lecture to get back to! If I miss it my attendance grade will take a hit...I don’t know if my gpa can handle it...

Maybe this isn’t necessary. Maybe the child is just her granddaughter and she’s in a bad mood. What if I’m sticking around inside a Whole Foods longer than I have to for no reason? Wow, that would be wild. 

I feel a familiar anxious pit in my stomach. With great effort, I turn to face the old lady. “So, do you have any kids?”

She nods. “Yes, but they’re all grown by now. And thank goodness for that. They’re much better that way, you know?” She laughs. 

*Too bad I have a kidnapped child in my trunk. Children are the worst.*

Okay, so this is definitely illegal. “What do you think about college kids?”

“Eh.” She shrugs. “They’re half kids, half adults. So I guess they’re only half bad.” She yanks me forward. “I’m sorry about your migraine, but I need to leave soon. Can we walk a little faster?”

*Maybe I should kidnap him, too. I’d get twice the ransom money!*

Oh God...

She looks at me again. 

*Nah. He wouldn’t fit in the trunk.*

She glances up at my forehead, which is now dripping with sweat. “Huh. You really do look sick.” She leads me to a bench near some offices in the back of the store. “Wait here and I’ll get you a bag of frozen peas or something. Then I need to get out of here. Also, just know you’ll have to pay for the peas.” 

Once she’s out of sight, I leap to action. I race into an empty office and pick up a landline. Oh crap, do I need to know an extension for this? Do I need to dial 1 first? Man, this is the worst...I’ve wasted so much time already...

I dial 911 and hope for the best. 

“This is 911. What’s your emergency?”

God, I could’ve just used my cell phone. Why didn’t I use my freaking cell phone? “Um hello, I’m pretty sure a girl got kidnapped by cashier at Whole Foods. That’s where I’m calling from, by the way.”

“Yes, we can tell. How do you know?”

“I just know, okay? Can you please send someone?”

“Sir, we’re going to need some more information before we proceed—“

Okay, time to lie. “I saw her. Okay? I saw a little girl in the back of the cashier’s trunk. You need to help her!” 

“Can you describe the car?”

“No! Just come!” I slam the phone, ending the call.

“How did you know?” The old lady stands in the doorway with a bag of peas in her hand. I can’t read her expression. 

I sigh. “I can’t really explain it.” I hear police sirens in the distance. They’re close. 

She crosses the room and plops the bag of peas down on the desk. “Huh. Well, I guess it’s over.” She turns to look at me once more. 

*This is why I hate kids.*

“Your phone skills could’ve been better, you know. Why are you so damn awkward?”