“Miss Rufus, Can I have a word?” Every. Single. Time. Every single time! He says something like this and I think it’s going to be the day he confesses. That he will turn to me and just let loose the truth. Alien. Go on, I know he can say it. But he never does. Despite my out spoken suspicions and PHYSICALLY SEEING HIM TRANSFORM… he plays this game with me. 

“It’s Ruiz, Tim. For the thirteen hundredth time.” I swallowed hard, trying my best to keep calm. The biggest mistake was letting him watch my collection of classic dvd’s. His humor has become childish and full of bad puns. If I have to answer the “orange you glad I didn’t say banana” knock-knock joke one more time I might actually punch a fruit loop. And by fruit loop I mean Tim. 

“That’s what I said, Rufus.” I snapped my head away from my laptop and watched him clam up. For a moment, there was true fear in his eyes. Then it fell away as I huffed and rolled my eyes. He began to snort and chuckle as he walked up to the kitchen table. “What is a porcupine?”

Damnit.

Every! SINGLE! TIME! He gets my hopes up then he crushes them with something stupid. Okay, to be fair, he doesn’t honestly know anything. So to him, wanting to know what a porcupine is, would not be a stupid question. And I actually do like teaching him things. My mother says teaching is in my blood, despite my desire to work in accounting. Educating is fun, and I love helping people… but there is no money in teaching and I’m broke. Accounting isn’t a passion, it’s a paycheck that I’m good at. 

I pat my hand on the other dining room chair for Tim to take up. He eagerly bounces into it and slides it across the floor to sit next to me. I put my essay document away and pull up Google. Taking thirty minutes to explain porcupines is a good break away from an essay on why mental math is important in a world with calculators. Because we would start with images, then break down anatomy, which would always end in ‘What is the purpose of a porcupine?’.

Tim doesn’t quite understand earth yet. I suspect his society is only full of things that are useful. As anytime he is in the kitchen, I catch him trying to toss out my garlic press or my mini whisk. As I have a knife that I use to smash garlic sometimes and three other whisks, he says I don’t need the other two. They aren’t useful. Which is why I made signs and taped them on the cabinets and trash can- “Just because you don’t see it’s use, doesn’t mean there isn’t one!”

A lesson Tim is still learning. 

I really should have known right off the bat that Tim was an alien. It was kind of obvious. I mean, who shows up to inquire about the roommate ad, holding the bulletin board from the college I put the sign up on. Like the whole 2 foot long bulletin board. Then “couldn’t remember” his name for a moment before telling me his name was ‘Tim… uh… well… Uhwell. Tim Uhwell.’

Yeah, sure it is. But he paid upfront and said that he was going to college for as much knowledge as he could. Something about parental units paying for the whole experience. At first I was distrustful of some trust fund child buying his way into my room and into my life. Until he started asking dumb things. Like how to make cereal, and how to eat ramen. Now I’ve met some sheltered people in my life- I’m a waitress at a local Italian restaurant, trust me when I say I’ve met some rich assholes. But this was something out of this world. I had to teach Tim EVERYTHING! Especially after I came home to him trying to get the toaster CPR. Or… maybe he was just kissing it for fun. Who knows. 

I made it clear, if he didn’t know how to do it- He needed to ask. No more blowing up stuff on accident. I didn’t realize how many explosive things I owned until Tim moved in. 

Three times I almost asked him to move out. First was after he used the window to leave instead of the door. One trip to the E.R. later, he apologized by buying us both late night fast food and ice-cream. I forgave him. Second was when I came home and heard screams from inside the bathroom. Found him sunk into the toilet bowl, ass first. Apparently he didn’t check for the seat and thought he was being murdered. After I explained to the cops that it was a stupid college prank and not to fine us for a noise disturbance, he bought pizza and apologized until i told him to stop. The third time, however, I walked into his room to give him a letter that arrived. Usually his door was open and he never had a thing for privacy. Four months with this guy and never once did I see him shut it or shy away from the open window when changing. 

Then I brushed open the door to hand it to him and came face to face with him… but not Tim. Skin like an oil spill on the ocean, it reflected in the room lights as all his windows were covered in dark curtains. Shaped kind of like an octopus if they were bipeds and the rest of their tentacles were arms. Head moved like it were underwater and big dark green eyes. The size of my fists. 

For a second I thought I was hallucinating. Late night studying, too much coffee, normal college problems. But then I blinked and he was still there. Staring at me. I dropped the letter and whipped around. My brain couldn’t process it at all. And so I stood in the kitchen, horrified. Inside my two bedroom apartment was an alien who paraded around as my roommate. I realized then I should I have known. No person, no matter how sheltered, could be that… 

Tim returned, back in his skin, and looked apologetic. He didn’t know what to say. I didn’t know what to say. I thought of demanding he move out. I could not afford any other weird shit in my life. Until reality smacked me in the brain and wallet. I couldn’t afford this without him. Tim was always on time with rent, and he always picked up the tab if I was short. He went grocery shopping with me and picked up more than his fair share of the bill. Tim was so kind and generous, even if he was an alien. 

I couldn’t afford to live without him.

So I didn’t say anything, and he didn’t say anything. And we didn’t say anything. I acted like it didn’t happen, and he acted like it never happened. And we acted like life was normal. I went to work and went to class and pushed it from my mind. He went to class and he disappeared every other week on a random night, and he never brought it up. 

Until today when I couldn’t stop myself- “Tim, we need to talk.” I blurted out.

He looked up from the article on porcupine population with a furrowed brow. “We are talking?”

“I meant about that night when you weren’t-”

“Oh! You mean my costume!” he laughed nervously. I stared at him with narrowed eyes. He shrank slightly, his smile nervous and shoulders tense. “Tia, I can’t talk about that.”

“And why not?” I cocked my head.

“I’m supposed to never talk about it. They’ll take my… um… you know… green card.” He whispered and the realization rolled over me. “So I was wearing a costume.”

I sighed, nodding slowly. “Yeah, it was an impressive costume.”

“You think so?” His face lit up bright as a light bulb. I laughed and motioned for him to continue reading the article. I sat back in my chair, watching his face as he went back to mouthing the words. I wanted to talk about it, but I also didn’t want to lose Tim. So it would be a costume. And we could continue to act like it never happened. 

“But what do the porcupines actually do? What purpose do they serve?”

“Tim, not everything serves a purpose.”

“Then it’s useless.”

“Get out of my face, porcupine hater.”

“I do not hate them, I merely-”

“GET!” I huffed, shoving him away from my computer. “I have a paper to write and you have an entire species to apologize to.”

“For what I didn’t offend them. I am merely summarizing their existence is useless.” I shot him a look as he shrugged.

“And what do you think about humans? What purpose do we serve?”

“.... uh… well….”

“Yeah, go on, think on that one for a while.” I rolled my eyes as I went back to my paper. Comfortable silence filled the kitchen as I began to type away at my paper. Tim pouted, clearly stumped in his own vicious cycle of useless or useful. 