The first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall. I bumped into the person in front of me and apologized, but I got no response. A moment later she fell forward. What a bitch! Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response. She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me. Oh boy, I was in for a fight. I braced myself for the first punch, but his fist stopped mid-swing. Perplexed, I noticed that EVERYTHING had stopped in that moment. I quickly used my advantage to retaliate and back away. As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact. Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away. I used this chance to flee.

You would think that moving through stopped time would be cool, but I soon realized that I had no control over it. It would only last a few seconds each time, but that was enough for me to collide with someone. Worse yet was if I was driving. There was no way for me to set the pedal back to normal if I pressed too hard, so I could easily speed up if I wasn't paying attention. I soon made it my mission to find out who was doing this to me.

My search finally led me to Egypt, where I saw it. A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!" and time stopped. Even though I had finally met my tormentor, I felt such an immense pressure emanating from this man. My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck. "Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed. And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened. This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me. 

I had to follow this man to stay out of his line of sight at all times. If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead. In the time spent following him, I saw some truly bizarre shit.

Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do. I couldn't risk my life for these people. Instead I had to watch in horror and hope they could figure it out on their own.

End of part 1...