"Fuck it." The General said, as the alien mother-ship came in to land. "Summon Cthulhu."

"Sir!" barked the sargent major coming to attention.

The sargent major marched to the doorway arriving with a floor shattering stomp of attention.

"Corporal!", bellowed the Sargent Major.

"Sargent!", replied the Corporal delivering his own foot blow to the oak floor.

"Summon Private Cthulhu!", ordered the Sargent.

"Right away Sargent", the Corporal turned and started marching off down the hallway.

"Double!", yelled the Sargent Major and Corporal picked up the pace.

Outside the mother-ship touched down and a long ramp descended to allow access to a recessed portal, the only feature on the silver disk. A thin fog crept out of the portal and flowed about the landing area that stood in front of the country estate. The General looked on from the bay window.

"Sir!", snapped the Sargent Major, mere feet from the Generals ear. Loud enough to startle the average man but General Marks was not the average man. He was an artilleryman and, perhaps more importantly, deaf in one ear.

Marks turned to see Private Cthulhu standing before him offering a slightly akimbo salute. Cthulhu was not particularly tall nor strong. His hair was a bit longer than regulation, his uniform could use a pressing and his boots a shine. He evaluations produced comments like "I have seen this man sober." 

"Private", he began, "As you know the aliens have given us two options, total annihilation or we must hand over to them our most feared warrior. Your mission is to be that warrior. Now, I can't say as I know what will befall you or what their purpose is, all I know is that I am going to need as many good warriors as possible if the shooting starts and so we are going to send you instead. Try to act tough but unassuming. With any luck they won't notice. We'll give you a radio and a cyanide tablet. Try to get us as much information as you can before using the latter. Good luck!"

"But, but, but...", replied Cthulhu

"Come on now!" screamed the Sargent Major, "Let's not keep them waiting! Double! DOUBLE!"

The two proceeded down the hallway in a prancing jog, the Sargent Major's baton under his arm, while he bellowed encouragement to his charge.

