It's been one year, 5 months, 22 days and 4 hours since that car crash. It was no different from any other weekend. Rachel and I would go to a party and stay till the cops came and kicked us out. It was my freshman year, her sophomore year. I don't know why I decided it would be a good idea to drive home. I normally don't drive drunk, but our DD had an emergency with his girl and we decided we would be fine without. I don't know why I decided to take the long way home instead of the direct route. I don't know why I ran that red light. And I don't know why I stared at the little bobblehead of our football team mascot (a bull) as an suv rammed into the side of our tiny truck and rolled us 4 times. I remember looking at the other half of my leg after they sawed through the bone, flesh and tendons (not that there was much left anyways). I remember the terrible long tone and watching the beautiful blue of her eyes fade to grey. It's been one year, 5 months, 22 days and 5 hours since that car crash. It was Valentine's Day. I sat in my room and turned on the news. A celebrity got pregnant, some more violence in some foreign country, a cat video... I turned it off. I looked over at my best friend, a brand new bottle of southern comfort. Hopefully it would bring me some comfort. I gulped down about half in one swig. I pulled myself to my feet and started towards the bathroom. I realized my blanket was caught in my prosthetic. Damn thing, anything with loose fabric gets caught on it. As I put the blanket back on my couch, I noticed something was different. What is wrong? I carefully searched the room and saw a white envelope in front of the closet. What the hell? I picked it up. It was a medium sized standard white envelope with a heart shaped sticker to seal it and cursive writing on the front. "Austin". I opened it and noticed it was in her handwriting. I thought it was a sick joke at first, then I read it. 

"Baby, do you remember that time when we went to the beach for spring break? You remember how we climbed onto the hotel roof and stared at the stars for hours, talking about how there was nothing we couldn't do? I remember when you always had that perfect smile that lit up my world. How you would hold me and play with my hair while we watched supernatural? How come the light in your eyes has dimmed? Why do you come home and drink and hold that bottle of expired pills that you bought a year ago? Please baby don't let yourself die with me. I can't stand staying here and watching you spiral into despair. I love you too much to watch you end like this. Please, don't let yourself die with me.
                                             -Rachel"

I could hardly read the last part because the tears that had fallen had smudged the thin piece of notebook paper. I held the paper close to my heart, curled into the fetal position, and cried. In that moment, I felt her lips on my neck, her arms around me, and her hair on my shoulder.