She walks into the lobby with all the sex appeal and tragedy of a dame who just got second place in a beauty pageant.  Instantly, the guests stop sipping their lowballs, ordering around the concierge, or chattering about their stuffy, boring Marvin Gardens lives.   She's dressed for Vermont Avenue at best, but that doesn't make one lick of difference.  Everyone still stares at her like she's a real player, at how she's cutting that perfect figure between my marble floors, crystal chandeliers and all the other symbols of grandeur that adorn this final palace, this throbbing red testimony to all my success, this unequaled triumph that is called the Hotel Boardwalk.  I try telling myself not to be a sucker, not to give her the attention she wants and thinks she still deserves.  I try telling myself that she's just a three-quarters bankrupt piece of garbage, just another no good mortgagesse who can't see how low she's fallen in this town.  I try telling myself that nowadays we're as different as two people can be, that it was savvy and skill and not just luck that first separated us all those turns ago.  I try telling myself I don't still miss her.  My efforts are worth about as much as Baltic Avenue with no houses.

I strut up to her.  I shoo away the bellhop and help her out of her coat myself.  The kid I pay good money to play the piano is just watching us, slack-jawed and mesmerized, but I snap at him to get the tunes rolling again.  The rest of the employees and guests milling about, they take that as their cue to go back to minding their own business.  As much as they don't want to, they know who runs this town, and they ain't about to risk me hiking their rent just for some gossip about the rich and powerful.  The murmur picks back up, until it's just her and me, alone together in a crowd.  I put a cigarette in her mouth and light it for her.

"Hey there, Thimble," I say, "Last I heard you were still in jail."

"Oh come on, Shoe, you know me.  I always have my doubles on the ready."  She leans in close, pressing her breasts against me.

"What are you doing here?" I ask, "A chick with your puny excuse for money pile ought to hate the Dark Blues."

"What can I say.  What goes around comes around, in this town.  Sometimes a girl's gotta cross a gauntlet to get where she's going.  You still remember what taking a risk feels like, don't you Shoe?"

Listen to her, peacocking about, like she's on my level or something.  She's just a washed up failure, who had it all and threw it away on the stupidest dream anyone in this town has ever had: the Railroads.  I remember it all like it was fifteen minutes ago.  We were a team, and maybe friends.  A few more trips around town and we could have been even more than that.  

Back then, I had just started putting together my first development over on St. James and New York.  Thimble was my neighbor over on Tennessee.  At night, we'd hang out at the Community Chest, drinking cheap beer and talking about our dreams of putting up houses and hotels, of becoming the respectable, classy people we'd only ever seen in department store windows or on the television.  But whatever I was starting to feel for her, I soon realized I was a fool for it, when she traded her spot on Tennessee to some asshole in a sportscar.  I would have given her any goddamn thing in the world for Tennessee, including my whole heart.  But me having that plot of land, and therefore the permits to build some houses I could fucking afford in those days, I guess that was worth as much as a Poor Tax to Thimble.  She gave away the thing I needed most in the world and she put me back three spaces in life, without even a care.  Worst of all, she did it all for a fucking a Railroad.  

But she ended up getting everything she deserved, and so did Sportscar.  I took my lumps, and then pulled myself back up by my bootstraps.  I got a really good thing going over on the Yellows.  It wasn't easy, but the development picked up some steam, especially the one over on Ventnor.  I was able to parlay that into success on the Purples and then the Reds, until I was on the fast track to being a bigshot.  Meanwhile, Thimble just sat around, begging like a cheap whore for that last Railroad she never got her hands on.  Then before she even it saw it coming, she was having to mortgage her bullshit little traintracks just to park her ass outside one of my hot-spots for the night.  Sometimes, I'd look out my penthouse windows and see her down there, digging for loose change or praying she'd get to pass Go soon.  I'll admit, once or twice when I'd see her, I'd get all nostalgic for those drunken, bewildering, Orange nights, and I'd think about giving her a break on the rent. But then I remind myself that wasn't in the rules and that she'd made her own sorry choices.  Last I'd heard, she gotten put in the slammer with all the other indigents.  But now she was back, it appeared.  Perfectly in time to see the masterpiece of my entire career, the motherfucking Hotel Boardwalk.  

"This game ain't about no risks," I remind her, "you must be thinking of somewhere else.  This town is all about what you own.  Owning land, then money, then people."

"Is that what you want, Shoe?" she coos, "You want to possess me?"

She leans in, trying to kiss me, trying to give her body over to me instead of the money she owes.  I look deep in her eyes.  I see the innocent girl I first met over on Oriental and I see the heartless, wannabe Railroad baron, and I see everything in between.  I am witness to every version of her and every version of myself, and how there's sometimes just a single dice roll or choice separating every one of these Shoes and Thimbles.  I hope with my whole soul that there's some other town, some other history where we were both happy.  But this ain't the reality for that.  This reality is for my pain and my revenge, and it's for the Hotel Boardwalk.

 "I don't want to possess you Thimble, not anymore" I tell her, "I only want the two grand for your room."

I put out my hand, palm up.  She stands firm and tall, still trying to be the strong, beautiful woman she could have been.  

"I can't," she says, "I can't pay."

She starts to weep, falling on my shoulders.

"I know," I whisper, "So that means you just have to say it instead."

"I can't say it either," she insists.

"You have to."

She wipes away the snot and the tears.  She looks me in the eyes like she's supposed to.  She gives me what I deserve.

"You win."
 