The Hunter ran and the men followed. They were quick, he thought, they didn't even hesitate. Perhaps he had given something away, a small motion or twitch that he himself had not noticed, but as soon as he turned to flee, they followed.  He was faster than them, he was sure of it, could dodge or fight them if need be. He hadn't gotten into his position without learning how to out run at least a few wild animals or take them down when need be. But he could feel his age with each step. He wouldn't be able to keep this chase up for long. There were more of them, they wanted what he had, and they had started at him so much faster than he anticipated. Not to mention that they would chase them both through life times to repay the debt, both hers and, now, his. 

She started to wriggle in his arms as he rushed down the halls and out the doors. This part of the city stank. The poor inhabitants here deserved their position, and they knew it. They called them The Low. Some past crime or immoral behavior put them in this hole and so many accepted their life time of punishment, hoping that that acceptance would grant them a better position the next time around. The smell of their unwashed bodies and garbage was everywhere and hit The Hunter hard. He clinched his eyes closed briefly and then looked for an escape. The Boss had situated himself in this gutter quite purposefully, he knew. There were always those of The Low that hoped they could move up in the next by pleasing their betters and who better to please than The Boss. The Hunter knew he had to avoid them at all costs.

As he darted down an alley and made his way over a bit of half fallen fence he stumbled. She took in a breathe as if she were about to cry. He pulled her away from his chest and looked down at the infant in his arms and once again he looked into her eyes. Brown eyes with flecks of green almost in rings moving away from the center. “Shhhhhh,” he tried to hush the girl, fearing that he might attract the attention of The Low sleeping in the filth around him, and continued to run. It was his wife who had first told him about the eyes. “We die and are reborn many times, but the eyes always remain the same, a window to the soul,” she had said, as they looked through old photographs of famous kings who had ruled for generations. He wasn't sure if he believed her. They all looked different to him. Those sons of bitches had probably just hit the jackpot when the priests picked them as the new kings. After all, they didn't have the technology to truly know, like he had strapped to his waist. But he never felt quite the same about his job and avoided looking into the eyes of his captures ever since. 

He climbed the side of a small shack and sat at the top. The men ran by. He wasn't safe yet, and he knew more men would come this way soon.  It hit him then, 'What have I done?' His life was over, but how many lives would he be punished for this. There were others hunters and they would be after him now. He was able to find the reincarnations of so many debtors and had given them over to The Boss without ever looking back. They payed their debts as slaves and he could eat and drink just as well as The Exalted with the money he made. But he had to look this time. He had to know. All the details were just too similar. The debtor had a love of animals and wanted to study how good people sometimes became them. Not only that, but in the recording he heard, the laugh, the pure musical joy in it, was like living in his own past. And when he came to give the infant to The Boss, he had to look. He pulled back the swaddling and looked into her eyes and felt his heart sink. It was his wife. It had been 35 years, but he could never forget her eyes. He had watched them close on a beautiful young woman and there they were, wide and bright, staring back at him from an infant girl that he had ripped from her mother days before. 

The Hunter peered into the night, hoping to see some kind of escape from his situation. He lowered his gaze and looked at her again. “I am so sorry. I sh-should have looked for you,” he said as he tried to hold himself together. “I could have saved you. I could have given you whatever you needed. You didn't have to go to The Boss and make that deal. I'm so sorry. I should have looked. I should have looked.” More men came down the street with lights, rousing The Low in the area. He had to leave now. He had to keep them both alive. The Hunter could protect the infant he held in this life, even if he couldn't in the next. 

...

First time I've ever replied to one of these, but an idea came to me from the prompt and I just went with it.