08:00 am Washington D.C

I work a typical 9-5 in the heart of D.C. My job itself is alright although after about 15 years working is more of a mindless motion to pay for my bills and hobbies. I'm older now, so the newness of being a yuppie has worn off.  

D.C. itself is beautiful, but the traffic, THE TRAFFIC, sucks.I usually have to leave about an hour early (or now) just in case someone decides to be stupid and wreck someone else's car and simultaneously ruin many peoples day. Coffee and bagel to go, no spread. 

In retrospect, today is a special day since I wouldnt spend the full day in the office. I have to transfer some funds which, unfortunately could only be done in person. I guess that's what I get for picking fortune 500 instead of that non-profit.  God, I need more coffee. 

The bank today was pretty quiet, most Wednesday mornings are like that though, at least from what I remember with my biannual visits. When I walked up to the clerk I showed her my card and she began filling out the paperwork to transfer $1,000,000 into some random CEO's account. Once she and the other clerks were busy I fixed my cuffs and slipped into their break room to grab a coffee. Perfect business as usual. I hate it when people fuss over these ridiculous transfers. I saw that a few doors were unlocked so I contacted my boss. I can't tell you who he is but let's just say what happens from here out was pre-approved by some people in the Pentagon. 

More clerks gathered to help with my obscure transfer and I slipped into the back, grabbed a hefty amount of cash and started to make my way out. I'm respected here since I work for so many God damned rich people. Business as usual. 

*Bang**Bang* I turn around in a flurry. "GET ON THE GROUND" ....not these fuckers.   *Bang**Bang*

"IF You want to live stay down and get us the cash" .....fucking imbiciles. These assholes try to ruin every single money related mission. Who do they think they are some villans from comic books? At least Rob a place professionally....to be continued