*Cold. So cold.*

She zipped up her hoodie and tucked her hands into her pockets. Her wet sneakers squeaked against the sterile tile as she walked the familiar trek to her mothers room, the biting scent of the hospital filling her nose. She passed the threshold of her mothers room holding her breath, then exhaled as she saw her mother smiling through tired eyes and a shrunken body. 

"I thought you may want to hear more of that book today," she commented, grabbing the book from her bag and turning to her bookmark.  She sat at the edge of her mothers hospital bed and began where they had left off. 

Warmth began seeping its way into the room. There was a rushing of feet and the blaring of medical equipment. She continued reading. 

*Warm.*

She unzipped her hoodie. 

*Too warm.*

She took her hoodie off. 

*Something's not right.*

"I'm going to go see what the deal is with the heater. It's June, in Austin. This is ridiculous." She huffed, stuffing her bookmark in its place and standing. 

Her mother reacted, "You're going to stop reading *there*? I'm not hot in the least bit..."

She was already out the door. She headed towards the heat. That's when she saw her. White flowing hair, soft eyes, pale skin. So much pale skin with none being blocked by clothing. She watched the woman and began drawing closer. She wanted to feel more of her warmth. To be wrapped in it. The woman's face met her gaze and warmth flooded her body. She stopped, her eyes wide with the sensation. 

**"You can't be here!"** A powerful shove and a door in her face as a nurse ushered her out of the door. It hadn't occurred to her that she was invading on a medical team attempting to restart a heart. All that mattered was the warmth. She peered in the window. 

The warmth that was gone, as was the woman. 

-----------

It was a while before her moms health declined to the point where hospice was involved. During that time, she felt the warmth many times throughout the hospital. Often following it to see the same apparition. It was never frightening. Contrarily, it was inviting. One time in particular the woman walked towards her. The sound of graceful bare feet on the floor echoing in her head with each step.

The woman's gaze never left hers as she stood in front of her. A hand was raised and placed on her shoulder. It was hot to the point where she flinched out of instinct, expecting a burn when instead there was only an engulfing of tranquility, happiness, and love. A burning love of seemingly endless supply. The hand was lifted and tears sprang to her eyes. 

"Don't! Please, stay." 

The woman's eyes shifted to something of pain; she shook her head. "You will regret all the time you have spent fantasizing about Death," and she was gone. 

It wasn't long after that when her mothers condition became very unstable. She continued to read, waiting for any warmth. 

The day came when her mothers vitals were indicating an end. She continued to read. 

*Finally*

The warmth began. 

She placed her bookmark and waited. 

It grew. Warmer and faster than ever before. 

*Warm. So warm.*

Then she was there. The woman's eyes turned to her in sorrow. 

"How did your book end?" Death questioned. 

"Happily," she responded. 

Her mother took a final breath. Ever wrinkle flattening out as she was engulfed in Deaths embrace. Her eyes began to overflow. 

"I'm sorry," death whispered. "All life must end. I knew you would regret loving me. All who see me do at some point." Death hung her head. Her pin straight white hair laid gracefully down her back and over her shoulders. 

"I didn't love you," she responded. "I loved what you had to offer." She paused 

Death peaked behind her glittering locks, peering quizzicality at her. 

"A happy ending."
