Roger's eyes danced from gravestone to gravestone. The moon feathered down the dead grass, bathing it with a glittering, almost magical light that broke and shone past the wavering curtain of cold mist.

"I've always loved to come here in these eerie days," Roger said, lit a cigarette. "I can share my solitude with all you. For none dares to step on a graveyard in days like these."

He took a quick drag, narrowed his eyes, and drew a deep breath. "I don't know if I've been blessed, or if I've been cursed. I've seen all of you leave this world, one by one. Your last breaths have hunt my sleep. Some of you left smiling, knowing there was no more time left in your clocks, and glad with the way you'd spent it. Others left early, all of a sudden, in the midst of your best years. I've cried for you, and the unjust nature of life and death."

His cigarette turned half to ash.  "And yet, here I am. Alive, yet hollow. I'm aware of my condition. I'm aware that I can die if a bullet goes through my head, or if a knife lacerates a vein, even if I fall the wrong way. But it's been two centuries, and I've only broken an arm. My thoughts are starting to rotten, and I'm terrified of wind up mad like my father."

Roger clenched his fists. "Insanity, to us, I've come to understand, it's not a matter of deterioration by age, but a matter of how many blows it can take. There are too many thoughts circling my mind, and many are far from rational. They come by the hundreds when one of you passes. But unlike you, they stay there, with me, forever.

As childish as it may sound, I'm sure my heart is full of holes, if I even have a heart anymore." He threw the finished cigarette, and smiled. "What do you think, Edward? You have always been great at giving advice."

The silence hung for a long time, and throughout all of it, Roger did not move, nor blink. He was clinging to the idea that an answer would come, and that it would mollify his musings. 

But it didn't come, of course it didn't come.

He stood up, drew a deep breath, and turned to go. "It's been a beautiful evening. I've missed all of you, and I still do, and will do forever. I'm sure someday I'll be there with you, but until that day comes, I will fight to find joy."

With that he left the graveyard, fighting to keep the tears from slinking through the corners of his eyes, thinking of how many times he'd said those last words, and how every time he'd found happiness, it had slipped away from his fingertips. For even happiness is ephemeral, tethered to the chains of time.

But until the end came, in the shape of darkness or insanity, he'd keep his head up, and relish every single smile.

-----------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn -- Not sure if I understood the prompt properly, so I apologize for that!   