I groaned, getting up from bed. After making the bed, I went to the restroom to brush my teeth and use the restroom. I looked through my closet and saw the same blue Polo shirts and khaki pants combo that I would wear to work. After changing my clothes and sending the dirty ones through the laundry chute, I walked downstairs, petted the dog exactly three times, and started eating my daily breakfast of cheerios and milk.

"Honey, we're almost out of cheerios," Sally said, as she was making breakfast for the kids. Of course, I never had anything else. My day always had to have cheerios for breakfast, a boiled egg sandwich for lunch, a small snack, and a big dinner.

...

I groaned in frustration in the back of Mark's mind. Every year, on January 2nd, I would switch bodies with another person. The minute that I would realize what their ultimate skill is, I would be transported back to the original body. Usually, it would take me a week to know what skill the person has. Whether it was best singer, artist, dancer, soccer player, joker... These skills were pretty easy to figure out.

I have been in Mark's body for three months now. Three freaking months. Who knows what happened to my body. Maybe it was dead. Maybe Mark was controlling it.

Try as I might, I cannot figure out what was up with Mark. He was so... ordinary. He disliked letting anything new enter his life. His life was the same, day in and day out. I was so BORED watching him.

I knew what he would do next. He would go to work, say hi to the other employees in a tired tone of voice, and get a cup of coffee. He would sit in the cubicle all day and type numbers in the computer. At exactly 4 pm, he would leave work and, if any groceries had to he done, he would get the groceries. He would head home, help the kids with homework, and have whatever Sally cooked for dinner. After doing the dishes, he would watch TV for a while, say good night to the kids, and tuck them in. He would change, use the restroom, and brush his teeth. He would lay in bed with Sally, have sex with her (missionary position and I would dislodge myself to the back of his mind so I did not have to watch. His body knew what to do), and then fall asleep.

Trust me, I tried to make him do various things, like singing or dancing. I tried to get him out of the same motions of petting the dog three times in the morning. Nothing worked! I could not go off the rhythm!

"Honey, you really should try something new... You have and do the same thing every day. At least try some of this breakfast," Sally said.

My eyes widened. That was his skill. He would do the same thing every day, with very little to no change. I felt myself detaching from his body and I reappeared in my own.

"Riley, honey, can you please help me with the groceries?"

"Coming mom!" I yelled, heading outside. I helped her with the groceries, but I made sure to throw out the pack of Cheerios that she brought. Never again will I have Cheerios...