We met in the summer, I had just moved into town and he was starting in school. He wasn't being appreciated for his classic art style, but after I moved in with him, I helped him explore his different cycles, I might have recreated art work from centuries in the future to spark his creativity. He gained some minor notice in the circuits, was shown at a few galleries. But one day I came home and he told me he was done, he just wasn't as passionate about it. And he wanted to start a family. So, he started working with his uncle's wallpaper business, and we tried for children. It took two miscarriages for him to realize it wouldn't happen for us. About the time the second one happened his uncle passed unexpectedly and left the business in his will to Adolf. I worked as a local school teacher and kept the children in line, the children loved when he would stop by. He started incorporating painting alongside wall paper in folks homes. One time he even did a mural. Life went on and he grew older and I had to put more work into make up for wrinkles and growing older myself. I held his hand while he went quietly. 

Click click

I find myself, clothed as before this whole excursion began.

“Well?” I expectantly ask the high council I face.

“Well….we see now why you asked to go so many years prior, we honestly thought you were going to do the whole punch his mom in the abdomen that won second place last year”

“Yeah, but I didn't. I gave him a quiet life. I stopped a powerful force, one of the terrors with time and patience.”

“Yes...but it’s so..so boring.”

“Exactly!”, I shouted starting to get a bit peeved. “Wouldn't this be the most creative way so far? The quiet death? Not dropping random shit on him or stabbing him with the horn of a narwhale but just an alternate route?’

“Look,” sighed the headmaster “I just don't think you are grasping the concept here, I know this contest is also so you can enter the school of time traveling, but...don't you think your talents lie elsewhere?”

10 minutes later I was on the curb. All of my tools beside me. Down on my luck this is the ninth school I got kicked out of. I was frustrated, can't I grow as a person? I gave Adolf a chance why can't I get one? I looked up at the sky and started thinking of his very similar past. 

Maybe there is a reason I am getting kicked out of all of these. Maybe I need to think of..an alternate route for myself..

I hear a similar click click noise, I know that sound. 

I only have a brief moment to look around before a stupid fucking narwhale horn goes through my abdomen. 
