So for you little shits out there, let me teach you about something called econotourism. My buddy Phill works at the airport in Montgomery and he likes to tell me about how Brazilians and Argentinians like to go to major cities in the US, buy up all the shit they can since it's cheaper in the US than in their home countries, then fly back and sell them back in Latin America for a hefty profit. And it's not just clothes and shit, but Disney trips and boats and all sorts of shit. It's like it's own little black market economy and airports are practically designed now to boost it. 

See, me, I don't see any of that stuff. I just work as a cashier at the Home Depot in Mobile, Al about half a mile from Spring Hill. Nothing crazy, nothing easy. Lots of heavy lifting and a load of people all up on my ass in case something goes wrong or if they can't get their light bulb pulled out of their ass.

So, how do these things go together?

Apparently, according to the FBI agent that has my balls strapped to this chair here, I have been pinched as an accidental accomplice in the biggest black market scheme in the history of the Americas.

So, let's start from the beginning. 

Mobile is a big place and we get a lot of people of all walks of life, and so comes this dude name Hugo who says he's from Caracas. Hugo's cool, talks shit with me, asks about the Saints and goes by his way. He used to give me these notes he would say are Bolivars, but not being able to accept those just in case my boss thought it was monopoly money, I told him to hit up a currency exchange out in Pensacola by their airport, and with a little google-fu, found out he should get a dime for every Bolivar. He thanks me and bounces.

Next week, he comes again. Same monopoly money. Said the currency exchange told him to fuck off. I sigh, and me being a nice guy, start fronting him. I grab each one to the currency exchange and let him buy...well whatever the hell he was buying.

Wood. Nails. Knives. Power tools. More and more shit every day. I had to ask one day what kind of project he was doing, and he just said it was stuff for a home he was making. I don't take much else note on it and kept doing this little exchange we got going.

We-e-e-ellll. It turns out he wasn't building a home. He was selling that shit back to his home country by flying back to Caracas every weekend and sending that shit by freighter and then selling them at upkeep. Basically for ever 10 cents I gave him, he sold it for 30c on the dollar and that isn't good when you become the supplier for an international black market ring and it's all caught on surveillance camera.

Now. Agent Leon, seeing as I'm an unwitting participant, will you let me go because time is money man and the dude wanted to build a yacht. I don't know what for, but he did say he wanted to know where the nearest gun store was too, and y'know, I kinda want to make that money. I got employee of the month last month from his glowing reviews!