When people picture psycopaths, sociopaths and cold blooded murderers, usually they have an image they go to. Hitler is one I see quite a lot, though recently the trend has been Hannibal Lecter. The most terrifying thing about them is that they are one of us. They don't just look like us, they *are* us. They have many of the same thoughts that we do. You would be surprised how many people contemplate murder on a daily basis. Quite a few have plans in place as well. Obviously most don't go and commit homicide, but the intent is there. The only thing separating murderers from functioning members of society is mankind's tendency to do nothing.

This man was not one of those who chose to do nothing. I could see his memories, his choices and the rationalizations he made for the sins he committed against his fellow man. He needed to die.

"Welcome ladies and gentlemen to Fright or Fraud! I'm your host, Rodney King and here we have the illustrious, Aura. Please, tell us about yourself. I'm sure the viewers at home want to hear more about a striking beauty such as yourself." His voice was like a caramel treat, sweet and thick. I could see how many would be fooled by his act. Not me. "I must know the secret behind your hair; its absolutely gorgeous, darling. What do you use to keep such a glossy, dark sheen? And that dress. Oh my word, I say, the baby blue matches up well with that piercing gray in your eyes. Dare I say, I think you're the most beautiful creature to step on my show."

I blushed on command, putting a hand over my mouth bashfully. "Oh, I bet you say that to every girl who comes on here?" He did.

"Oh, but it's true darling. But I don't want to turn this into a fashion show, no, were here to see if you can figure out the greatest murder mystery of all time!"

"Are we going to find out who really killed Kennedy?" I snarked.

He chuckled kindly and somewhere a butterfly died. "Oh, maybe I exaggerated, but our viewers are on the edge of their seat nonetheless. Now, do you feel any spirits lingering near?"

I pretended to concentrate for a moment, but I hardly needed to. They swirled around me in a frenzy, itching to take revenge on their killer who was in reach, but they could not touch. Their rage only ever grew with time. I could tell that if left alone without intervention or peace, they would form a poltergeist.

"There are..." I uttered with my eyes shut tight, "A few. I'll need to sit down to concentrate better. I might be able to bring one to our realm if they're angry enough." That was a half truth. I *could* bring one forward, but I had no intention of doing so.

"Take all the time you need, darling. This is an art, not a science."

Reaching forward with my second power, my control over the air, I took a grip on his lungs. I didn't squeeze yet, but he would feel a slight tightness, like he wore a suit a size too small.

"Oh... Oh this is interesting. I don't even have to pull, they want to come forward. They say... No that cant be... Tell me more please... No!... No stop! I won't let you!" I opened my eyes, letting a bit of panic show. "They're forcing their way through! They say their killer is *here*! And alive! I'll try to shove them away!"

Now I tightened my grip on his lungs and he began to wheeze. He could breathe, but only barely.

"You're wrong! He can't be the killer! He was the one who was looking for the killer! He can't have- Oh. Oh I see. I understand now. Yes. Yes I'll let you through."

I put his lungs in a vise and one of them collapsed under the pressure. Millions watched live as Rodney King, public figure, coughed up blood onto a pristine cream colored suit. His stagehands rushed to his side, but there was nothing they could do. I released my grip on his collapsed lung and gave one final squeeze that shoved the remaining air up and caused him to become a red fountain. Rodney King collapsed to the floor and my work was done. I collapsed in feigned exhaustion. My story was pre arranged and I had top lawyers waiting to back me up should it come to that.

I felt the spirits disperse, their anger relieved at the passing of their killer. Rodney King may become a spirit in the coming weeks, but a lone spirit was no threat to anyone.