The ramblings of a madwoman, pure and simple.  The book starts off well enough but it soon devolves into an incoherent mess of unused characters and frayed plot lines.  At one point, the main character literally dissolves into the book itself and only comes back to make zany one liners at seemingly random points in other character’s stories.  For goodness sakes, there are ten pages in an orgy scene that describe which part goes where as if it was instructions from Ikea.


I sigh.  In her heyday, she was a prolific fiction writer.  Heck, she might have been the most prolific fiction writer of all time.  But this.  This is garbage, both crazy and poorly written.


I pick up the next of her books that I’ve sorted by publish date.  I run my finger along the name on the spine.  My name.  I used to feel such pride as I would touch my name of these books but now it’s only shame.  I wonder what happened to me.


I sit in the Library of All Books, a library that houses every book that was ever written or ever will be written.  Each night I sleep, I wake here and am stuck for months, maybe years.  Some nights, others join me but I’ve never seen the same person twice.  Some of them learn new scientific facts or business strategies in the millions of books here and return to better mankind or just themselves.  I read fiction.  The rest of the library, the wings on technical topics, just confuses me.  So I read fiction every night, which lasts months and months, to pass the time.  I thought I had read everything of value until I found a new wing: my wing.


This library holds every book that will ever be written so at some point, I will write a lot of books.  That’s not true, not some point but tomorrow, my birthday.  I was pretty clear in the bios of every one of my books to state I started writing on my ninth birthday.  Others likely think it’s to show how young I started writing but I know it was a message for myself on when to begin.


I crack open the book in my hand.  At some point, I go absolutely nuts.  This book is the proof.  It and the other half of the wing I’ve yet to get through.  I assume it’s like being diagnosed with terminal cancer.  You know it’s going to happen and you have no control over it.  And let me tell you, it sucks.

edit: typo
