"Atention Klerg vessel, you are entering a quarantined area. Please redirect your vessel to avoid this star system." The message repeated several more times before going silent. At the helm of the small research vessel was a diminutive creature, standing on 4 legs, a round body with 4 arms and a very large head crested with 4 eyes. Plex was its name, and science was its trade. Plex's eyes blinked slowly as it processed the message, the pieces slowly coming together.

"Plex, we should leave. This system is under quarantine, and it looks like there are several military posts orbiting outside this star systems debris cloud. I don't think we should be here." Syriq, Plex's research apprentice, said nervously from its seat in the cockpit. The rough skin on Syriqs round torso rippled with anxiety.

"No! We have finally confirmed the gravitational anomaly we found when researching this quadrant! All the star charts on the galactanet fail to show a star system at these coordinates. Some being has gone through great trouble to hide this system, and I want to find out why!" A rumbling sound came from Plex, almost sounding like a feline purr. Plex activated the communications array with a thought using its cybernetic implants, which were highly integrated with the small vessel. The cockpit was merely a formality as Plex could have controlled the vessel from anywhere inside.

"This is research vessel Klerg TT 6676153. I request permission to speak with whatever science team is posted here, please." Syriq stated at its teacher in shock. "What are you doing? They're going to arrest us! The told us to leave, and yet we haven't! That violates galactic codes -"

"I know!" Plex barked, cutting Syriq off mid-sentence, "but this system is quarantined and hidden for a reason. I must know why!"

A few moments later a stiff sounding voice came on the comm. "Research vessel Klert TT 6676153, you have not heeded warnings to leave. If you do not leave in 70 plips, you will be arrested according to -" The transmission cut off abruptly and quickly replaced with another transmission.

"Plex, is that you old friend?" A holo came to life, showing another Klerg roughly the same age as Plex peering with one eye into the camera and hastily looking about. "By the stars, it is you! We're on the rimward most station, head there and I'll get your clearance approved! However, Plex, I must inform you, once you dock, you will spend the rest of your orbits here, studying this star system."

Plex, the equivalent of a smile splitting its face, replied, "Tjorn, old friend, this is where they have you now? Of course I would love to see whats going on here! What about my young assistant? I doubt they would like to waste away their prime years out here."

"Place them in stasis before you dock. We will send them back on the next transport."

"Acknowledged, I will see you shortly."

&#x200B;

\~

&#x200B;

Several hours later, aboard the outpost station, in a briefing room.

&#x200B;

"The beings that inhabit this star system call it Sol. They only have one habitable planet that they call Earth. There once were 3 habitable planets in this star system, but two were destroyed in the great interstellar war."

"But that war...that war was tens of thousands of orbits ago!" Exclaimed Plex. "Are you telling me, these humans are decedents of our hated most enemy?"

Tjorn chuckled, "Not quite. You see, our sworn enemy was completely and utterly destroyed. Even their cachets of spawn were hunted down and eliminated. These humans aren't direct decedents, per se, but rather they are a science experiment put on by the Limthinan."

"A science experiment? You mean to tell me that the Limthinan created these humans?" Shock, awe and wonder all ripppled across Plex's round body, resulting in interesting patterns as the emotional muscles all tried to interpret it's moods all at once.

"Sort of. We're still investigating and learning. From what we could tell, the Limthinans modified a native species genetic code to spur certain, aggressive traits. If they were still around, I firmly believe that the Limthinans would be surprised at how these humans turned out." At that, Tjorn started a holo-presentation in the middle of the room.

"The humans are bi-pedal creatures, and evolved highly efficient bodies to cope with the harshness of their planet. Their stamina exceeds that of our most advanced fighters, able to function highly effectively for complete rotations without rest. In many cases, they train to enhance that particular capability."

"This body efficiency and stamina has led them to become an apex predator on their planet. Occasionally they will succumb to wildlife larger than they are, but that is an exception. Armed with nothing but a sharpened stick, we've witnessed humans exterminate beasts far larger and stronger than they are."

"There are beasts stronger than humans? This planet keeps getting better and better!" Plex exclaimed.

"Indeed, but these creatures don't match humans in stamina or keen intellect. Tell me Plex, if I gave you two simple batteries to experiment with, would you experiment on both, or just one at a time?"

"Ah, that is easy, I would experiment on one so I have a backup to experiment with in case the first failed. I would apply my lessons learned to perform better experiments on the second."

"Ah, so refreshing to have a fellow intellect with me! That's not how humans would run the experiment. They would connect both batteries together in order to, "see what happens." Absolutely fascinating creatures." Tjorn said, a bit wistfully.

"Astounding. So is this why they are quarantined? Their technological level seems to be fairly limited." Plex asked.

"It took the Klerg 8 thousand orbits from when we first learned how to manufacture goods. Humans did it in under 200."

Silence reigned as Plex took stock of that shocking revelation. Tjorn continued, "Additionally, they discovered Nuclear Fission before they reached space, by a scant 30 orbits, roughly."

"Surely they used that knowledge to gain access to the stars." Plex said.

"No," Tjrons voice dropped, his body sagging in emotional response, "They used the technology as a weapon."

"You can use nuclear fission as a weapon?" Plex asked earnestly.

"Yes, and they used it on themselves during a time of great conflict."

"Then how did they reach space?"

"They strapped themselves on what were essentially giant bombs and shot themselves into orbit."

"Are they crazy?"

"And now, Plex, you understand why this system has been removed from the galactanet, and the system is quarantined. These humans represent a keter class species, and must never know that life exists beyond their heliosphere."