*"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -* Arthur C. Clarke

*"Any sufficiently understood magic is indistinguishable from science"* \- Unknown

"The first twenty years were fine. People traveled back and forth between all the worlds connected by the spacegate network. Each world had a slightly different way of constructing spacegates, but each spacefaring race eventually did. Some used rings of stone, some drew circles of blood. The humans used... of all things... rings of carbon-laced iron. Can you believe it? Iron, the most magically inert substance. It was like when the Stone Magistars first entered the ring of worlds. Everybody thought stone was an undynamic element, but the ways they used and moved it opened up all kinds of new industries. At first, we thought humans were that again. Some race had invented iron magic. As we began to trade spells back and forth, trying to decipher eachothers' codexes of knowledges, we found something disturbing."

"What was that, grand maester?"

"Our spells translated into their system just fine. More than just fine. Every spell, one of... what we thought were their mages... scientists they called them... were able to be figured out... not in years, but in minutes. When we demonstrated one of our more advanced teleportation spells for the first time, the lead scientist screamed out, 'This confirms quantum entanglement is an expression of the holographic principle!'"

"What's that mean, grand maester?"

"Even to this day, we don't understand. It was like that with everything. We spoke in step-by-step processes, and cherished the lessons handed down by our ancestors, never questioning but only expanding - never tearing down the origins of our knowledge. But humans and their scientists... they tore down their own foundations every day, rebuilding them stronger and better. We had never seen anything like it. We used cocktails of ingrediants to help those damaged heal, just our vitalism traditions encouraged. They, however, could take a living being apart into pieces and put it back together. They were ALWAYS taking things apart and putting them together. They couldn't leave them alone. Their appetite to know the inner workings of things instead of just using them was insatiable. I heard they had a device called a 'atom smasher' that could even break down the fundamental building blocks of all worlds to see what THEY were made of. Everything we did could translate into what they did. They understood the parts. It never worked the other way around though, not even once. Their 'solar panels' are still a mystery to us. They capture light itself and can move iron chariots with it."

"So what happened? Why didn't we learn from these great sages that joined the ring?"

"The problem was afterwards. in a month, humans could perfectly replicate our best personal teleportation spell. In a year, every human was blipping in and out of existence. The entire imperial treasury was emptied of its gold by thieves in a week. Of course, we tried to stop them, but we were used to teleportation spells being something only grand maesters could do. We wouldn't sully ourselves with petty thievery; our reputations alone were worth more than that."

"So what happened?"

"We couldn't stand it. And we couldn't understand their methods. We went to war. Our greatest mages launched their best fireballs, our invisible assassins stormed their unwalled cities."

"Did we win?"

"We lost. Horribly. The entire ring of worlds was powerless before the humans. They could steal one tome, upload it to their infernal web of knowledge, their 'internet', and soon every human was using spells only our greatest could aspire to acheive. Our invisible assassins would trip their 'laser sensors' and 'automated defense drones'. And the fire mages..."

"Did they have bigger fireballs?"

"Even to this day, any fire mage, will break down in tears if you mention the words 'new-clear Eye-See-Bee-EM'. They did not even bother to learn our most destructive fire spells. They had already long surpassed them. They sent great flying iron chariot golems through the portals to deliver these potent spells. Entire cities were wiped out in seconds."

"You mean days. It takes days for a proper fireball seige."

"One fireball, acolyte. In seconds. In the ruins of Char'bog, you can see the shadows of people imprinted on the stones where they were eating their dinner."

"So... why are we still here? Why are humans not ruling the ring of worlds?"

"We surrendered, unconditionally. After they plundered our greatest libraries... they didn't even destroy our tomes. They merely copied them. Something about a library called 'Alexandria'.  They had a very high respect for knowledge. Rather than rule us, they helped us rebuild. They did not teach us 'new-clear', but they did teach us some. As we did not have 'internet', they left us tomes called 'encyclopedia'. And then, after they had interpreted everything from our tomes... they achieved godhood. The whole species."

The acolytes eyes widened, "The.... whole species? Why do we not worship them then?"

The grand maester shook his head, "They didn't need it. When they ascended, they understood the Gods' needs for worship and sacrifice and... found an alternative. They built something they called a 'dyson sphere' to power their godhood. We do not fully understand what this was, but that it could devour a star and provide much more power than an entire world of worship and sacrifice."

"So, they left for good?"

"Not quite. After that, for daring to tread into their domain, the gods declared war on them."

"So the humans were finally defeated?"

"The gods were. Easily. They understood how the gods gained their power, they called it 'Quantum probability shifting'. They moment the first human mimicked it, it was over for the gods. This is why all of our gods are less than a thousand years old. They're all newly ascended gods that replaced the ones we lost before."

"So, humans are still out there in the universe, more powerful than any god, still lurking?"

"Yes."

"Why do they not simply control our worlds easily?"

"Because they surpassed even the desire for control. They sated that desire with this thing called 'video games'. They could fulfill their desires without the need to harm others. Even the weakest of humans could revel in the gore of a million destroyed worlds and yet not harm a soul."

"...scary."

"Yes, Acolyte. But the unknown always is. I only wished we had worked past that fear like the humans had... to embrace the unknown. Then maybe we would have been beyond the gods as a whole as well."

"So... this is all interesting... but what's it have to do with me learning to cast my mind-reading spell?"

"Because it demonstrates why I must also teach you the human art of 'psychology'. Because you need to understand why seeing without understanding truly leaves you powerless. The spell will grant you the ability to see what they're thinking, but without the ability to understand *why* they're thinking it, you will always fail against a mind-reading mage who has learned it."