I tapped my acrylics nervously against the folder, the sound the only distraction I had in my entire cramped little office. Cases about young girls always really got to me. Even after all my time working with missing persons, all of the tragedy I had uncovered, I still got a little shaky when it was a little girl. Losing my daughter to cancer has been a big enough blow. I couldn’t even imagine the pain these other families were going through...the not knowing. 

Finally, I took a deep breath and pushed my hair up and off of my face and flipped the file open again. The case was old, one that normally would have been filed back for review another five or ten years, but it had been waiting on my desk for me when I got back as if I’d been requested to help find the president’s daughter. He dust made me sneeze. My boss had explained as I walked in that the case had been a really poignant local tragedy and there were members of the community putting pressure on the department to revisit the case now that the girl would be in her forties and her family had all relocated. 

I was from another town upstate, so it wasn’t the case that was familiar to me. A brittle old photograph slid out of the file as I opened it and onto my lap. Staring up at me was a gorgeous 6-year-old with a heart shaped face, big hazel eyes, and auburn hair. The photo was in black and white, but I recognized the picture immediately. The lace curtains in the background were my mother’s favorite dining room accessory she’d ever owned, and the carpet had a floral pattern that I remembered fondly as being a hideous blemish in our otherwise perfect home. I swallowed hard. 

There was no way this was the right picture. It didn’t add up. I rifled through the pages looking for some kind of explanation but only found that all of the information lined up. The girl’s physical description definitely matched the photos. And then things got even weirder. The reports listed Nadia and Santiago Peralta and while my mother and father were in fact named Nadia and Santiago, our last name had always been Pereira. And while the little girl in the photograph looked shockingly like me, her name was listed as Valentina instead of Tatiana. There was another picture of a sparkly bike like what was popular with little girls back then in the 80’s, one that I could remember crying with happiness over one Christmas. Valentina had been riding the bike to a neighbor’s house when she disappeared. The neighbor’s name was Valerie, my best friend all the way up until I moved in the second grade. 

There was so much overlap. Some things could be easily explained away. A white girl named Valerie was not hard to find. Tons of little girls back then had the same bike. It was super popular. My parents had switched to cheaper brands for a few months to save up for it. My mom really missed her special imported coffee. She still drinks it every morning. There was also the fact that during reporting a lot of foreign names are taken down incorrectly. People are really careless with shit they don’t understand. But even with all of those solved, there were a thousand other questions I had no answer to. 