I was seated a little bit away from my family, in the kitchen. I had opened up a 12 pack, deciding to enjoy my new ability to drink somewhat alone. I mean, today was my 21st, and I love my family, but they can be a handful sometimes. All of a sudden, my cousin came into the room. 

And I could see her. 

When I was born blind.

Upon realizing this, my first instinct was to tackle her to the ground. After all, it would probably be a shooter. But I decided that would be a little weird. Instead, I headed to the basement, where the vests and guns were. Upside of having dad be an important man, and ex-military and ex-cop at that. But descending the stairs I did not think of the current situation, rather I thought back on how I first found out about this ability of mine. 

I was 17 when my grandmother died. She had been in hospice for a while, and at the hospital for even longer. We all knew it was coming. She was old, almost as old as her husband and eldest brother-in-law, and had fell and hit her head on the concrete in the garage. Despite having Alzheimer’s, she was inexplicably able to remember us, which was probably more of a curse than a blessing. One day we were talking, just the two of us. Now she wasn’t born blind, but rather had most of her sight taken by age. This meant we at least had something to talk about, besides the daily hum drum, so we talked about it a lot. One day, we were talking, and she asked me to pick something up. After I had bent down and picked  it up, I could see her. Not just her though, I could see the whole room, almost as if she were shining rays of light throughout the room and directly into my brain. Gradually, it faded, but my grandma was still lit after everything else had gone. It was late when this happened so after this incident, I took a nap on the couch in the room. 

When I woke up, she was gone.

I didn’t realize my gift until a couple days later. A man had gotten T-boned by an SUV, and there was carnage. I saw the driver, beaten and bloodied. This time, I didn’t see much around him, just the front inside of his car, and this time he faded faster, and was gone with his surroundings. Then, a little bit after that, I had seen a man jump off a building, the light around him fluctuating as he fell. Suicides were curious to me. With them, the light always faded and grew until they died. With nobody else, did this happen. I soon figured out what the light was. It was willpower. Those with stronger will took a while to fade, and even then stuck around for a little bit after their light had faded.

I had to hurry, though, right now. I had just heard dad open the front door. I could see him do it, too, through the little window in the floor. But I couldn’t see this visitor. I knew now what was going to happen. I put a vest on, and grabbed an AR-15 we had around and ascended the stairs, with my personal pistol where I always had it. 

“Get the fuck away from my family.”

And with that, my family slowly faded, and I had a target for my sight.