The first day.

It started with a leaf; it fluttered down so gracefully, but in so doing landed on a squirrel. Shocked, the squirrel dropped his prize, only for it to roll onto the great black path. Focused exclusively on its nut the squirrel bounded after it, catching up in the middle of the great black path. Relief soon turned to panic, with a monolithic animal bearing down on him. He stood there stunned, but the massive shiny animal veered across the black path with a screech more chilling than any tree-flyer. Colour returned to his world, joy penetrate every fiber of his being. He followed the beast with all the speed he could muster.

The other days.

All were the same, the beast-rider was a creature of habit. Every light-rising, he rode the shiny beast away, but too far and too fast to follow for long. Instead the squirrel had taken to observing from a hollowed tree knot. The beast-rider lived in a tree of his own, but it was solid with white flaky white bark, no entrance but the one the beast-rider commanded open when the shiny animal approached; a tree-fort. After that the tree-fort would close, not to open until the next light-rising.

The squirrel would watch the nightly ritual aswell. Each night light would pour from the lower left through-hole, bright lights of all colours flickering and flashing; but sound would also pour out, drowning out his attempt at thanks. Then the light would would cease there, only for another steady light to appear in the right side of the riders tree-fort. He would ascend to the tops of his solid tree, then all light would stop. This is when the squirrel would retire to his own bed to wait his next chance of communication.

The final day.

One night the squirrel was awoken. A new light had appeared in the riders tree, but this was after the ritual - most strange. Puzzled the squirrel climbed down his own tree to investigate. This light flickered back and forth but it was only orange folding into red. When he reached the through-hole he felt it; hot, so hot, too hot. The red light was spreading, making its way tenaciously towards the rider. The heat was bad, the squirrel knew, but how to warn the rider. The squirrel leapt down and grabbed the largest rock he could climb with. He pulled himself up to the hieghest through-hole, to the rider. He smashed the rock against the through-hole, but all in vein. Black air flowed steadily into the riders tree hole, filling from top to bottom. Again, again, again, again, he hammed the through-hole, but he would not awake. The hot light had reach them, the licking forks consuming all they touched.

His rock fell from his grip as the beast-rider set alight. Helpless, wholly useless. Now the tree-fort itself was ablaze.