January 1st, 1:36 AM. Looking up at the ceiling thinking what it must have been like in the 80's, I know the basics like they started commercially using the flying car, and some old guy named Tom Holland became President of the United States. Somebody at work the other day told me how he used to be an actor in this really old films. 
"What are you thinkin about cutie?"
"Just reminiscing" 
Not gonna lie, she is a fine thing but I don't think i'm gonna take it anywhere. Sex was great but my lord she's crazy. 2127 was off to a weird start
Huh? What's this?
 
'Get to safety'

What. The. F*ck. 
I immediately look at her.
She looks oblivious.
"Is something wrong?" She said that in the most innocent voice I've heard from her all night. 
She must be a really good actress to sound that genuine. She must be here to kill me. Otherwise she'd be alarmed like me. 
"I-I need to use the bathroom" (now she definitely knows something's off) 
I look at myself in the 8 foot long mirror. The look of terror is more intense than I thought it'd be, I've always sucked at hiding emotion. 

"GET TO SAFETY" 

The objective is now highlighted a bright red. This is bad. 
I can't go out in public, i'm in my boxer brie-
BAM 
That came from behind the door
I signal the lights off, the bathroom is now dark but anything from silent.
Even from behind the bathroom door her screams sound like she's in the same room. I would have heard footsteps, I know I heard my front door get knocked off the hinges. 
What is behind that door? 
I'm afraid to open it. I'm 48 stories high so going out the window isn't an option. 
The screaming has died down and now she's hyperventilating repeating the same thing over and over 
"He isn't here. He isn't here"
I can't hear anything that's causing this response. 
I slowly open it, and I see it. 

An orca drone. Designed by the military in 2084 it's only purpose to inflict an immense amount of pain to it's victim before killing them. The name fits, looks like somebody hacked it telling by the way it's programming wires are still attached to it's head hanging off like a tail of a deadly predator ready to strike. The blue LED light is eerie. In the movies it's always a red light. 

It comes towards me slowly. I can only stand still as I look into the blue light. 

