"Honey?" I said ringing a nearly frozen bell. I felt utterly sick, this pregnancy has left me bedridden for months. All my other female friends have been totally fine when they got pregnant, but I feel like i'm constantly in a blast furnace. The room is chilled to subzero temperatures and it's still not cold enough, my husband has to put on winter gear to check on me. 

"Y-y-yes Karen?" Louis said, his breath visible due to the incredible cold in our bedroom.

"I think this pregnancy is making me delirious. I'm seeing things, and I need your help to determine if they're real or not." My head felt like it was spinning, and I had a frozen bucket of vomit by the bedside, but I think it will all be worth it for this baby.

"Sure K-k-karen, what do you see?"

"Well, there's a walrus in a bowler hat playing freeform jazz in the corner." He was a skilled musician, playing masterfully with his little flipper arms. He was wearing a cute little tuxedo with the nametag "Mr. Piddles". Louis approached the walrus, and poked at him with a broom. Sure enough, the broom passed right through him, as if he were a ghost.

"I must say, I do not appreciate this treatment", Mr. Piddles said, in the thick voice of a black man, before returning to his song.

"Okay, Walrusguy ain't real. What next?"

"There's this lizard looking thing flying around the room. He's been here for a couple of days, he takes little bites out of my meals, but I'm too tired to mind." The lizard was about the size of an average bird, bright cyan color, and it had small wings that it used to flutter around the ceiling, making a nest in our TV stand.

"Where is he?" Louis said, holding the broom up in a position to strike.

"On the windowsill." Louis opened up the curtains ready to strike, but relented.

"N-n-n-n-not an I-i-i-i-illusion, he said, picking the creature up and holding it out for me to see."

"Well then what is it?" As if in response, our door was smashed open by another lizard, about the size of a large dog. It had thick brown skin, with massive sharp horns like that of a ram. Also sharp teeth. It was accompanied by a human, wearing tacky green robes like something you'd see out of a fantasy novel. I say human, but something seemed off about him, especially the eyes.

"And who in the world are you?" Louis had grabbed the handgun from my nightstand, and was pointing it at the two of them.

"Calm yourself, Louis. We mean both you and Karen no harm." The green robed man spoke with unwavering calmness, even with a glock being pointed at his face.

"Wait, how do you know my name?" He made a wave of his hands, and suddenly, my body no longer felt hot. Still warm, but it was no longer unbearable.

"I am Dragon Sage Alphas. I've been watching you and your ancestors for some time, protecting your bloodline so that it isn't snuffed out prematurely. Did your grandmother ever tell you a story about getting attacked by pirates, and them all getting teleported away in a flash of light?"

"Yes, but I had always assumed that was due to her dementia."

"I did that. My magic powers are unlike anything you've ever seen." 

"You're a loon. This is crazy, your insane, you've broke my door and I hate you. Take this." Louis fired a shot at him, but it reversed direction almost instantly and flew into a wall.

"I understand your despair and confusion. But try that again and i'll send it into your throat."

"Yes sir."

"So why are you here anyway?" I felt well enough to get out of the bed and walk to him, only to notice a small tail trail behind me. I should have been shocked, but I honestly didn't feel anything out of the ordinary.

"Many thousands of years ago, a band of dark warriors called the Dragonslayers desired to conquer the world for humanity. In this time, Dragons controlled half of the earth, although our forms were... unrefined, to say the least. I believe you refer to our ancestors as Dinosaurs." 

"So you're saying I was cucked by a giant lizard?" Louis still pointed the gun at him, tears frozen in his face due to the cold.

"Don't worry Louis, you are the biological father of Karen's child. But it isn't necessarily a child either. Now, the Dragonslayers..."

"But then what is this child anyway?" I started to panic, desiring an abortion.

"Ahem. You humans are so willing to interrupt, I always hated that about your race. If I can continue without being so rudely interrupted." He may not have seemed human, but he still had human emotions. Like disappointment.

"Go on." I said to him.

"The Dragonslayers, true to their name, hated Dragons. They used a massive amount of magic power to banish the Dragons to a parallel world. This also meant that they banished magic from the world, but it was a small price to pay for conquering what you refer to as the Americas. However, the nature of magic seals necessitates that there must be a way to undo it. So they set the condition for it's breaking as a dragon being impregnated by a Dragonslayer, figuring that it would never happen. But it did.

"Are you saying I'm a dragon.?"

"Not in your form, but it runs in your blood. And Louis is descended from the Dragonslayers. Your unholy union has freed us, and when this child comes to term, it will free the rest of us from our extradimensional prison. But the seal is unstable, without my help, you will die upon this child's birth."

"So what should I do now?"

"Come with me. I have the skills and magic to make sure that child comes to term."

"Do I have a choice? Will you attack the humans?"

"The answer is no to both questions. I only want to aid you."

"Allright, I suppose I don't have a choice. Pack my bags Louis, i'm giving birth to a dragon."

