The creature gurgled and spluttered, splattering some sticky yellow-greenish, purple-bluish, orange-pinkish foamy liquid - mistish  substance on the walls, in the wastebasket, on the floor, and...

"My shoes!" the doctor's assistant, Vern, wailed, lifting a fey hand to his head as he swooned, swayed, and ultimately fainted.

The doctor, meanwhile, was returning from the window where he had ceremoniously upchucked everything in his digestive system and then some.

DR. Dr. went to kick Vern, but slipped on some vomit and went figure - skating to the other side of the room.

Taking a deep breath, he put on a tight smile and faced his patient. "Hello."

There are no words in the English language to describe how the creature looked. At all. There are not even comparisons. Even as DR. Dr. tried to think of suitable similes and metaphors (for when he wrote about this incident later in his autobiography) all he could think of was naked grandmas and seals.

DR. Dr. hated seals with a passion. Even more than naked grandmas?

Even more than naked grandmas.

The creature did something that was sort of in the middle between a jiggle and a seizure. 

"Err.." DR. Dr. err'd, feeling quite very afraid.

The creature did it again.

"Are you...are you saying something?"

The creature did it again.

"I'm sorry, I just don't unde-..."

And then he felt it - like a tentacle crawling up his leg, under his pants. He looked down in horror and saw the outline of some bulging object - a mini-creature- scurrying higher and higher up his right leg. 

He swatted at it, and it made a hissing - growling sound that would've made him piss his pants in fear, if he hadn't recently read about a set of piranhas in the Amazon that could swim up someone's pee-stream and into their urethra. 

He didn't know what the creature was, but he wasn't about to piss and find out. Continuing to scamper, all DR. Dr. could do was whimper and quiver as it made it's way up his leg, over his torso, and up to his neck.

The mini-creature was walking over his bare skin, and it was as if it had little pins for feet. Every step it took felt like he was being pricked by a little needle. Not too painful, but very unpleasant.

He felt it start to crawl sideways so that it would emerge on the side of his face. Scared that if he turned the creature would sting him, he kept still as it popped out from his collar and moved up to his ear and...SLITHERED INSIDE?!?!?!

"OH MY GAWWWWWD" He hollered, tears streaming down his face as he relentlessly jabbed a finger into his ear over and over. But the creature was already oozing along his ear canal.

The creature meanwhile had remained silent this entire time, as the mini-creature did its thing. 

Giving up, DR. Dr. fell to his knees, sobbing as he every once in awhile reached into his ear, in hopes he could scoop it out.

"It's okay."

What? DR. Dr. jerked his head around to face Vern, but Vern was still knocked out. So who...?

Slowly, turning to look at the creature, the creature did its little seizure dance again, but this time DR. Dr. understood him/her/it.

"It's okay, Doc. Had to do that so we can communicate."

"You...had..."

"So, listen, Doc. I'm not feeling too well, as you can imagine."

"Y-yeah..."

"I need you to take a look at my eyes, Doc."

DR. Dr. glanced in a daze at the creature. From his vantage point, he could see 7 things that looked like they could possibly be eyes.

"All of them?" 

"Yup," Krit-Krit (that's what I'm calling the creature now - don't ask me why, don't ask me how, and I won't tell) replied. "All 27 of them."

"2...2...27?! I only see 7!"

"Oh, I see where you're looking, Doc, you nasty man. Those aren't my eyeballs. Those are my di-"

"Out."

"What?"

"I SAID OUT! I can't TAKE this! I'm not even really Canadian, I just moved here because my wife doesn't like Trump! But no...no..." he shook his head. "I'm going back to the US. This is ridiculous. I'd rather live in AUSTRALIA and all of its NOPES than deal with this crap!" 


And in a rage, DR. Dr. stormed from the office.

Vern was never seen again.




