I am the best boy.  That was what he said in the moments that my master left that shell of himself behind.  This can not be forgiven.  I knew my master was a very capable human, I smelled the blood of his prey on him many times.  Unfortunately, I am just the best boy and I can not do what he did.

I wandered through the city looking for the smell of the man that was on most of the ones that came into my home and took my master from me.  I knew he was the one responsible and after looking for so long, I finally found him.  I smelled him coming closer, it was the smell of alcohol, cigars and cologne that no self-respecting human should ever wear.  Finally, my plan was coming together.

As he came closer I picked up my hind leg and started limping towards him.  I could smell his concern for me and I knew this would work.  I was a beagle, I knew this because so many said I was a beautiful beagle.  Which meant there were many others that looked like me.  I also knew that being cute could be used to my advantage along with my previous masters.

He stopped in front of me and picked me up to look at me, I had to keep going.  I licked his nose and never felt more like a bad boy than I did in that moment.  But I knew I was a good boy, my master told me I was.  "You look like the same type of dog that pathetic fool had that my men killed a while back."  The horrible smelling man said. "I think I will call you John Lick." His laugh let all of the stench from his mouth come out in waves.

He let me in his home and fed me the finest foods.  Meats from all different creatures.  One he called a lion, another he named a bear.  If not for the circumstances, this might have been the best time of my life.  Instead I was forced to play along.  Finally he brought me into his room and I got to sleep at the foot of his bed.  This went on for a few weeks and finally my chance had come, he was passed out from drinking too much alcohol.  I bit his foot to see if he would wake and he did not.  I crept up to where I could reach his neck and chewed my way into him, he never even woke up but I knew he was dead.  I sat next to him and waited for his servants to come.  I was a good boy so I sat there through the night.  His blood dried into my hair.

As she entered the room she began screaming and it was then I knew that it was time.  The men entered with those vial things that they used to end my masters life.  It wouldn't be much longer and I could go.  They looked between me and the man on the bed next to me.  One of them raised his weapon towards me.  I never heard the sound, but in those final moments I knew I was going to be with my master again.