There are moments in life when it feels like your hearth have truly stopped for the longest of moments.

When you take your first leap off the plane.

When you fall in love on first sight.

When you succeed at life long goal.

When you kill.

I have only experienced the later. Pitch dark, riding fast, some promille in the blood. There was no chance, nowhere to turn and no time to react. Only my heart skipping beats and my face a mask of stone. The girl was blond. I noticed as much when her hair spread like a curtain on my windshield. Beautiful, gold like in the moon light. It was dripping with blood moments later.

My hearth have stopped. My life is forfeit. This is how I will go down. Coming years of my life just went through my head in second. A trial. Crying parent. Prison. Gangs. Fights. Either forever a criminal or a dishwasher in Crappy Crabs. And the girl! The Girl! I have just KILLED A GIRL! I...

Finally my hearth has restarted and racing madly

Cautiously, shaking I left the car. Girls hair was black now for the blood. The blood was everywhere. I had to step in it to reach the body and check the pulse. The last glimmer of hope. There was no pulse.

The moment I have taken hand off her cold skin, I felt burning. My hand felt as if it was on fire!

For as long as I can remember I had a tattoo on my hand. Nuns in the orphanage thought my savage parents have branded me and left on their doorstep. "Terrible people" they said...I thought so too. This tasteless tattoo never bothered me. Faint and unnoticeable, just two letters "XP" and empty rectangle beneath.

The cursed rectangle was burning my hand, driving me crazy! It began rapidly feeling with blood. I tried to touch it. The further blood went, the more intense was the pain! I scratched at it! I want to Stop it!

Agonizing seconds felt like hours. I felt tears in my eyes, my teeth began to hurt from how hard I squeezed them. I have blacked out just moment before blood have reached the edge.

I don't know how long I have been lying there, instinctively holding the burning hand. Rocking back and forth. When I finally woke up, it was still night time. 

Something was off. The ground felt...awfully...dry. There was no blood. I have turned around to see the girl, but the body was gone. There was no blood on the ground. No blood on the car. No gore...no victim.

Here I thought it was alcohol hitting me hard. The relief slowly began to feel my senses...but the windshield. It was cracked. Just as I remember. And the tattoo. Cursed tattoo on my hand was pulsing with faint red light. The it was filled to the fullest with blood, still looking fresh.

This is can't be right! This can't be real!...

"THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE!" I shouted out loud.

A silent voice answered in my thoughts.

"No cursing, young man".