Of course Life is doing yoga when I find her. She's on a mat in a field, and there's an indeterminate golden light all around her, as though she has a personal sun. She's in shavasana, stretched across a mat. Next to her is a bistro table, a carafe of coffee, and two cups.

"Hello again," I say quietly, standing over her. She opens her eyes, shielding them from that invisible sun with one hand. "It's about time," she says with a smile.

I slide into a chair and pour myself a coffee. Steam rises from the cup, and it smells like liquid gold. I take a sip and nod. "This is the last thing I wanted to taste," I say. 

She sits across from me and ties her hair back. "Will you miss it?" she asks.

I look at her sidelong, and grin. "This is a ploy," I say evenly. "You're not the first to try and talk me out of our deal."

She pours herself barely half a cup - she's always had a lot of energy, and the caffeine makes her jittery. "And what's our deal?"

"The same as all beings who take a form in this universe. You are given life, and one day I come and revoke it. And in the time you have, you do your best to understand why you exist, or at the very least to not make things worse."

She sips her coffee and shrugs. "You've always been a pessimist."

"I'm a realist," I say, absently tracing the lip of my cup. "Everyone does their best, but few understand how any of this works."

She stretches her arms above her head and lets out a long, satisfied yawn, like a cat in the sun. "No one understands it like you and me," she says.

I nod. "No one has been here as long."

"And we've been here from the beginning."

"When the first cloud of gas spun like a top, shrank down, and caught fire."

She nods slowly, with deep assent. I've always liked her genuine, gentle nature in conversation, and I've always known what it hides. "Do you feel like you understand how all of this works?" she asks. "Truly?"

"I understand my place in it."

"But do you understand why you - why either of us - exist at all?"

I look up at the sky. It's completely dark, not a single point of light, no variation in its blackness. "No," I reluctantly say, "no I don't."

She looks at me for a long time, the way you might look at a work of art.  "I'd like to," she says finally.

"It truly is a shame," I say.

She downs the remainder of her coffee and looks at me intently. "I'm older than you," she says, "by milliseconds. The first living thing came into being as a kind of divine mistake, and milliseconds later it died. And we came into being with it."

"I remember."

"And do you remember what it felt in that instant, the entire breadth of its life?"

I fold my hands together. This is a thing we never discuss, one of our unspoken truths. "It wondered why it existed."

She nods. "And since that instant, we have been bound by this.  By this wonder."

I swirl the last, sad sip of coffee around my cup.  "What's your point?"

"My point is that, perhaps we should wonder a little longer."

I shake my head.  "We are at the end."

"But I exist to make beginnings."  She reaches into her pocket and takes out a set of dice. "Do you remember these? How we played for millennia? How we were always at a stalemate, roll for roll?"

I pick up the dice and examine them. Ancient iron, no oxidation. "You want to roll for the fate of the universe."

She takes the dice from me, cupping them in one hand. "Ready?"

I know this is wrong, this isn't the permitted order of things, but she is difficult to resist. Life has a way of pressing in, guiding, reshaping. "Roll," I say.

She rolls a 3.  I roll a 3.

She rolls an 11.  I roll an 11.

Roll after roll we match each other, and the mysterious light around us flickers.

She picks up the dice, and blows into her palm. "In everything I bring to life," she says as she shakes her hand, "I feel you as the shadow within. In everything I nurture, I feel you as the dark root."  She tosses the dice.  12.

I pick up the dice and begin my roll. "You have always been the sun that casts my shadow."  I toss the dice. 12.

"Are we still sun and shadow?" she asks. "Do we still exist, and wonder?"

I look at the dice. "Yes," I say, as I turn one over. 11.

I look up as the sky fills with light, the stars returning like animals to the Ark, in twos.

