"As long as I don't force people to act, they don't fight me."

"But, you can turn off the sun." A sharply dressed but unassuming person questions, Sol.

"Ya, that's true. It's boring really. I mean, ya, I can turn off the sun but what's next? I turn off the sun, everyone dies, I'm here with no people to service me. Super boring." Sol seems irritated by the question.

"I guess... but don't you manipulate the sun?"

"Oh yes! Absolutely! I'll turn the sun on and off really fast to reduce the total energy that makes it to the Earth. Not many people notice it but it happens. I do it when the other powerful people piss me off. It's like, 'Oh... No second scoop for me? I guess crops aren't growing in West Viriginia this year...' Then the president roles over! Little bitch..." Sol wears a brazen, broad grin.

"But, if you can hurt one state why can't you hurt one person?" The reporter asks, small beads of sweat on her brow.

"Oh, I can. It just takes a LOT of effort. It's usually not worth it. I stick to screwing with the powerful people. Who cares about nukes when you have no sunlight, eh Putin? By the way, I expect a better performance in your next hockey match, Putin. I didn't say, 'I want someone *kinda* like Wayne Gretsky running a superpower.' If you keep having the goalie take dives then I'll have to dim the sun EVERY DAY at 16:00 GMT for 2 or 3 hours. Not cool, bro."

"I see." The reporter takes a breath. The Kremlin has warned her about instigating Sol. "What about on the day-to-day? What does Sol do when she has free time?"

"Oh, not much really. I have all the money I could ever want but lots of people live that way. I generally just go around picking pockets and stealing food. It's always a rush when you piss off a good person. They are so hurt and confused."

"Yes..." The reporter adjusts slightly in her chair and collects herself. "Could you run our viewers through a normal day?"

"Oh sure..." Sol takes a deep breath and absently looks toward her namesake. "Well, I wake up and kick my conquest out of bed. I usually make a joke about his penis or her boobs, depending on my mood."

"You take male and female lovers?"

"Oh yes. You can't really abuse your power with just one gender."

"Yes... of course... Are the days starting with male lovers different from the days with female lovers?"

"That's stupid. There are at least 30 people in the sex room at all times. At least 10 of them have weird genitals as a matter of principle."

"Oh. [Unprofessional pause.] After you wake up, what's next?"

"Well first I go to the gym. I'll find any machine that the one or two overachievers are using and begin doing the wrong exercise."

"The... 'wrong' exercise?"

"Oh yes.  You know, doing curls in the squat rack. That sorta thing. You gotta find the people with 'roid rage first thing in the morning." Sol grinned wide.

"Surely, being a woman keeps them calm?"

"Oh. Oh no. No. You are so wrong here. I ONLY pick the 'roid chicks and the dudes that look like they hate their mothers. I never bother with the nice guys and gals. They're no fun."

"I see...?"

"Ya, so after watching the 'roid head get their ass beat by one of my minders"

"Wait, minders?"

"Oh ya. Other than turning off the sun, I'm a normal chick." Sol shrugged.

"So I could kill you right now with a regular knife?"

"Well, yeah! Please try!" The air shifts in the room.

"Heh... I'd never consider it." The reporter wipes her brow while conspicuously removing the pepper spray from her purse and rolling it across the room. "But are your minders able to stop all your enemies?"

"Oh yes. My minders are paid for by someone. Every few weeks I'll kill a minder to send a message." Sol begins to look bored.

"You kill your minders?" The reporter asked concerned.

"Oh yes. My minders are just fodder. If I die, the sun dies. If I'm unhappy, the sun turns off. My minders' bosses are aware of this. My minders' wives... er, spouses... right Jim? ... my minders' kids are too. They are very happy. My minders' families get excellent pay-outs." The sun starts to dim. Sol isn't happy and a minder has repositioned himself.

"Let's circle back to that. After spending some time at the gym, what do you do?" The reporter manages to regain her professional, plucky persona.

"After the gym, I'll go shower off. I go to the men's room but I never disrobe. I'll toss on a big fluffy robe, disrobe underneath it, then masturbate in the shower and moan as loud as I can." Sol smiles big.

The reporter sits stunned. "You... masturbate in the men's room after your workout?"

"Oh ya. All those dudes come in for their workout, see me, then hear me and don't do shit. Total waste of their time. It's hilarious. After I cum, I usually just lay on a bench and laugh a while at the old dudes' dongs." Sol has reclined on a couch, laughing. She seems a little high.

"Does anyone ever... bother you?"

"Minders."

"Right. So after your... shower?"

"Eh, at that point I've gotten over the basic shocks. The easy laughs." Sol's face becomes more serious. "From there I go to the coffee shop. I'll chat with the other people in line about dog poop, anal fissures, and other awkward topics. Sometimes they're interesting but mostly they're zombies.

After the coffee shop, I go to work."

"To work?"

"Yep. I found the best way to piss the most people off for the longest period of time is becoming a high school teacher."

"I've heard of this. You really are a high school teacher?"

"Oh yes. High school kids are really stupid. It's like the tap-on-the-shoulder gag. It only works on kids and dupes. I got tired of looking for dupes."

"I guess that makes sense. My research shows that your pupils are all excelling in college."

"Yep. I'm really proud of that. You know, turning off the sun is cool but getting a bunch of little assholes to be less shitty is better."

"I can't say I understand."

"Well you see, high schoolers respond to people who are stronger than them. It's very primal. I just make them hate me. I'll embarass them in class, tie their self-worth to test outcomes, and so many other little hells. It's my passion project."

"... What about after school?" The reporter takes on a conversational tone.

"I'm not sure you're ready for the last part of my day. It's pretty screwy."

"I think I can handle it. What about your day after class?"

"Usually I'll just go after the last person who ticked me off. For instance, tonight I'm having Jeremiah Alduwenewitz join my sex room. Getting him to say yes has been a fun little game, hasn't it, Mrs. Alduwenewitz?"

*Alduwenewitz = al-du-ven-e-vitz*