I've lived my whole life just following pure human instincts. Considering I didn't feel anything, the only thing keeping me alive was my survival instinct.
One day I started a donation box to see what people felt, I was fine with anything, I was indifferent about what emotions I would receive, I just wanted to feel, it's as if feeling is one of our oldest instincts.

People kept coming with tears in their eyes, "Are you sure you want this suffering?", "Just take this pain already", "please take my anguish"... I just wanted to feel but everyone just saw me as a savior, which sucked... From being indifferent about my life I came to wanting to end it... why is there so much pain in the world? Why do others create more suffering? 
I had never felt positive emotions for those are the feelings people didn't want to leave.

One day I woke up ready to take in more bad feelings, what I got instead was someone's happiness. I was shocked.
I asked the little girl why she gave me her happiness, her answer stuck with me forever; maybe because of the events which would have soon unfolded.

The happiness was amazing; for the first time I felt as if my negativity didn't matter, I was happy.
I was happy.
There are no words to describe the feeling I felt that moment. 
I was just happy.
Suddenly I had realized what people kept living for, happiness. Such a good feeling, such joy. All my bad emotions just vanished on the back of my head for a moment... I was happy to be alive. 

People kept giving me the unwanted parts of their hearts, but somehow the happiness I only got once overpowered them all. 

As time passed I realized people who had given me before were coming back... all they had left was good, but the bad kept originating within them. Why was that I wandered.
I started to study them, and I realized happy people were slowly destroying themselves, they had no limits anymore and they kept putting immeasurable stress on their bodies and minds. 
I tried to find some of my former clients and what I discovered numbed my happiness.

3 out of 5 people who visited me ended up killing themselves.

I was stunned, by that time I had experienced every possible emotion and had an understanding of them all above the average person.
And yet I didn't understand how containers of joy would want to end their lives.
And the little girl's words repeated in my head
"Making other people smile makes me happy, you're always sad so everytime I see you I also get sad; if I gave you my happiness you'll smile and I won't be sad anymore. Emotions come and go".
It was a simple premise but somehow had infinite depth to it .

All the people who gave me bad things had the good inside them all along but were too weak to see it. Once they were left with only the nice things they failed to acknowledge their happiness and the bad slowly came back... the worse someone feels the more powerful is the happiness they hold within themselves; likewise the better someone feels the more powerful the sadness.

We constantly create emotions, getting rid of them only makes us vulnerable to the other kind of feelings. I then knew that one needed both dark and light to function.

My realization brought me to end my donation box; people had to develop the strength to find their inner happiness and my box wasn't going to allow that.

But I kept thinking about all the people who died because of my box, happiness is what kills, sadness is what kills, but put together they allow to live... 




