I remember Aris.

I sat at my undersized metal desk and read through the file. The girl seated across from me nervously twiddled her thumbs. I glanced up at her briefly. She wore simple green jeans and a dark purple top. An interesting fashion choice, particularly the color scheme she had. But if her file was accurate, it probably wasn’t the craziest combination she had chosen.

The file says that her powers manifested themselves when she was in kindergarten. Incredibly early for powers to pop up. It did make me curious, however.

“So, Miss, uh...” I began, glancing at her file.

“Just call me Aris,” she replied.

“Aris, your file says that your powers first emerged when you were in kindergarten?”

“That’s correct.”

“And could you describe them for me?”

The nineteen-year-old girl cleared her throat before saying, “I can change the colors of objects that aren’t touching me.”

“I see. So I’m a little curious about something, if you’d indulge my cat-like curiosity for a moment.” She raised her brown eyebrows and nodded. “Did you have a good sense of colors that looked good to wear?”

Aris smiled cheekily. “If you’re asking if I made some outrageous color changes to my own wardrobe, the answer would be yes. All I’ll say is that the craziest choice my 5-year-old mind made was a dark teal shirt and neon maroon pants.”

“Neon maroon?” I repeated.

“That’s what *I* called it,” Aris clarified. “It...uh...well it was ugly.”

I chuckled. “I can’t picture it.” I sighed. “Are you aware of the services I provide, Aris?”

“You help people find what they can use their powers for,” Aris replies.

“That’s one way to look at it,” I replied. “Do you know how many clients I’ve had?” Aris shook her head. “Thousands. Thankfully, my power is an incredibly powerful memory, which comes in handy at my age, you see.” I straightened my tie. “My point is that I’ve seen other individuals with these same powers come through my doors before. A couple of them are quite famous, actually.”

I remember the first one. He was a timid, short man. But he was all dressed up in amazing colors that I had never seen on fabric before.

“I can change colors of things,” David, that was his name, told me.

“So is that how you changed the colors of your outfit?” I asked him.

“Yeah,” he nodded.

“Tell me, David,” I simply said to him, “do you like fashion? It could be a rewarding line of work for you.”


“Yeah, I know,” Aris said a little dejectedly, bringing me back to her. “And while I enjoy being able to change my wardrobe up from time to time, I don’t have a passion in the fashion industry. Or any art industry for that matter.”

“Okay then,” I said slowly. “What is your passion?”

“I kind of like science,” Aris replied.

“Well there’s definitely some options there,” I said. “Care to hear some?” Aris nodded. “Very well.” I stood up and turned around to face the Spacial Adjusting Filing Cabinet behind me. I pulled down on the handle at the top drawer. The drawers cycled down like the old Price is Right wheel. (I remember that old show. They had to stop it when some contestants had the power to always make the right guess. In order to remain the show would’ve had to not allow contestants with powers that could help them win. Thanks to the Supreme Court decision *Andrews v. Walmart* in 2096, it is now illegal to discriminate based on powers. (I remember that court case. The poor man, Thomas Andrews was trying to shop at one of the old Walmart supermarkets. His power was telekinesis, so he was able to move store product around willy nilly. The Walmart employees kicked him out of the store for simply using his powers to make his life easier. After that, Walmart went out of business. (I remember that store——



“Mr. Harris!” the nurse yelled directly in my ear. I jumped in the hospital bed. The pain from doing so made me wince. I gazed around the plain-walled hospital room as my presence of mind returned to me. It had happened again.

“I’m sorry to frighten you like that, Mr. Harris,” he apologized.

“It’s quite alright, my boy,” I reassured him. “Thank you for snapping me out of it.”

“Your recall episodes are happening more frequently, aren’t they?” the nurse asked. I nodded.

“How long was this one?” I asked. Part of me wanted to know. Part of me didn’t.

“That one was four hours,” the nurse answered sadly. He looked at me sympathetically. It was the same way my beloved Henry looked at me before he died. I remember...