I dodged the first lightning bolt with a duck and roll so fast my father would have been proud. Unfortunately, the second bolt caught me in the face. In an instant everything went white, and I felt myself thrown back into the ground. 

A few seconds later, and my vision had returned. Slowly, I dusted myself off and rose to my feet. Around the arena, I could see the gods whispering to one another and staring at me with a mixture of shock and amazement. 

In the center of the field stood Zeus.

“What...How?”

The stunned look on his face caused me to laugh.

“You have underestimated humans for too long Zeus, and this will be your downfall. Just like my father as a babe, I have been coated in the protection of the Styx. And I am also armed with a weapon even you must fear.”

I reached my hand out and the Reaper’s scythe instantly materialized into my grip.

“Now”, I continued, “I will avenge all those who died in that pointless war you gods created.”

“Is that why you are here,” Zeus asked, incredulous. “Do not attempt to blame the gods for the war, you stupid mortal. Neither the kings of Troy nor Greece were immortals.”

“No,” I replied, looking around the stadium. I spotted Ares watching me with amusement. “But the gods fanned the flames for the war. And through all of your actions, you forced my father to fight and die.”

The god of the sky bellowed out in laughter.

“Again, I say you are a stupid mortal. Your father was not forced to fight at all. Hades, summon Achilles here, so he may teach his son one final lesson.”

The ground shook, and a giant fissure appeared in the earth between Zeus and I. Floating out of the hole, dressed in full battle armor, appeared the ghostly form of my father. He surveyed the great crowd of gods in the stadium.

“Father,” I called out.

He turned towards my sound, confusion spreading across his face as he noticed me.  

“Achilles,” Zeus ordered. “Your deluded son believes the gods forced you to fight. Tell your son about your prophecy”.

“Yes, Zeus,” my father said, never taking his eyes off me. “Pelius, I’m sorry I never told you this before. When I was a child, it was prophesied that I could either live a life of glory but die young, or fade into obscurance and die old. I chose the first option. Your desire to fight to avenge my death fills me with pride, but it is ultimately misplaced.”

I didn’t know what to say. I could only look back at my father in disbelief.

Zeus laughed. “Send him back, Hades.”

“No, wait,” I cried out, but it was too late. My father’s form was whisked down into the fissure.

“Now,” Zeus said with a smirk on his face. “You challenged me to a duel of life or death. Only one of us may live. Unless you still intend to kill me and destabilize the kingdoms of the universe, you know what you must do. Only the Reaper’s scythe has the power to kill you now.”

I knew he was right. I took one last look at the fissure in the ground. I wondered if I would ever meet my father again.

Then I raised my weapon up and brought it down.