There was no doubt about it. This was going to suck. 


The creature called Om towered over him, a being the height of a skyscraper, dozens of spider-like appendages securing it above the marble polished floor far over his head, disappearing into the darkness of the massive chamber that surrounded him. Its slick black and red body swelled and contracted in giant rhythm, as if it were breathing heavily. A singular mottled orb was embedded within the flesh directly above the spot he was told to stand, and it shivered as he approached, as if it were attempting to dislodge itself from the main mass and escape. Or attack. If it were an eye, it did not move as such, though he could feel the intensity of a gaze upon him from somewhere. Everywhere. 


It was not God, or a god, as we would believe them. His briefing with the being that spoke to him on his journey hinted that it was more a benevolent being of great power that had grown with the universe as it grew. A caretaker, perhaps, a steward. As far as he was concerned, it was much closer to God than Man. 


It took him a full minute of brisk walking to reach the small divot in the floor where he was asked to stand. He was given a torch of all things to light his way into the chamber, and as he moved, he caught glimpses of horror shining along the underbody of this… thing. Faces, inhuman and tortured, yawned at him from yellow liquid in pockets of fluid that looked like blisters. Things that looked like eels or worms cringed and scattered from the light as it neared, silently cursing with open mouths at the edges of the dark. He felt as if he were being followed by a predator, a thousand predators, as if they were directly on his heels. Keep your head down, he thought to himself. Head down, walk fast.  


He reached the divot, trying not to cover his nose from the smell that was threatening to knock him to his knees. “Mighty Om, I have arrived as you wished. I am Patrick Mirian, ambassador and priest of the Catholic Church of Rome, pleasure to meet you.”


“Earth,” the voice both boomed in the room and whispered in the center of his head. He felt violated when it spoke, somehow sullied. As the attention of Om turned more toward him, his adrenaline raced. He feared he might break into a run. He crossed his legs and pushed his feet into the marble ground. 


“Yes, Earth. I have come as you wished,” he repeated. “I have been briefed as to the reason that I am here. I have come to beg you to spare my soul, the souls of my people, my planet.”


It spoke, and his mind reeled at every syllable. He felt as if a finger was pushing into his brain. “Souls. I sent an avatar to cleanse and purify these souls, to “spare you” as you state it, as I have done for every world civilization since my beginning. All are one in the Cosmos. What did you do with this avatar, this man you named Christ?”


Patrick cursed himself as his voice broke, “He… he was killed, your Eminence.”
He felt… amusement? Savage, unhinged, amusement. Its voice was an avalanche above his head, in his mind, “Killed? Is that how you would put it? He was tortured, mutilated, humiliated. Then you monsters chose to worship his torture device and use his name to justify death, pain, and destruction for centuries! Am I incorrect in this?”


He was panicking, he could feel bile rising up in his throat as he spoke, “We believe he returned! Three days later, he returned! We believe his death to have saved us from sin, from Hell!”


“He did not. Avatars, once lost, have no presence in any reality any longer. I granted YOU the potential for everlasting life, not him. Not them. His death did nothing but show me your savagery. You worship a memory, and pervert that memory to whatever suits your desires.” The words tore through him. 


“We have good within us, we do! There is a savagery, but we are not lost, not yet! We have done much good as well! There has never been a more peaceful time in our history to be a human being, we are growing, becoming more. More worthy of you and your mercy!”


“You deserve mercy? Should I show you the same mercy you showed my emissary?” The body moved toward him. His heart cowered, but he kept his feet and stood, back straight and eyes facing upward.


“Yes, we do. We do. And we ask for it of you. Send us another and we will not lead you astray any longer.”


The room changed immediately. The air felt breathable again, the suffocating darkness had, for whatever reason, temporarily subsided, “I already have sent him, a while ago, in fact” it said, “I am not savage. I am not human. I will grant you the ability to ascend from this reality to all realities forevermore as I have granted to every race I have encountered, even ones as far away as yours are from our celestial church. Your people will live on, your planet will live on, though I only grant this mercy one more time. The time to prove your race worthy of this honor has arrived.”


Patrick felt a joy and relief so fully that tears ran down his face, “Thank you, thank you, your eminence! We will not let you down, this I promise you! Our race has never been more peaceful, our people have never had a better time in their lives to be alive!”


“Yes, I have seen this,” Om appeared contented, peaceful. “Perhaps you can be saved. Protect this avatar, human. He alone will be able to save you.”


Patrick wiped his forehead of sweat, gathering up his robes around him. “I will,” he said. “How will I find him?”


“His name will echo forever in the histories of your people. Though he will not rule, his name will be King. He will be known as Martin Luther King.”


His heart dropped. “Shit,” was all he could mutter.
