The girl drummed her fingers on the table. Her cuffs made a little noise, as they shifted through the bracket on the table. She was looking directly at the detective sergeant sitting opposite her. He shifted in his seat.

"I didn't do it." 

He cleared his throat.

"Miss, we found you on the scene, holding a knife, covered in his blood. We know you did it, we just need your motive - we should be able to get you a lesser sentence - pretty young thing like you, I'm sure you can give the jury something, right?"

Her green eyes captured his, until he blinked and looked away, and she smiled.

"You want a confession. You think I did it, and you want me to confess. Now why would that be? I wouldn't want to guess," her left hand strayed to the back of her right, where she absently fingered the police issue IV port, "but I suspect that your superiors want you to look for another suspect, because my blood is whiter than snow. Am I right? Because I won't confess. I didn't do it."


She rubbed her wrists as they released her, and made a beeline for the nearest public toilets.

She shut the door, jamming it shut with a wad of cloth, and made her way to the mirror.

"You have to be more careful, sister! It was luck alone that we were able to flip before they arrived on the scene. What happened to the plan? Only indulging when we won't get caught? I don't want to get the fucking noose just because you wanted to cut a man to ribbons for smiling at us!"

She paused, then sighed dramatically.

"I chose to stop you from moving on after father throttled you in your bed, that doesn't mean I'm any more okay with murder than I was when you drowned our cat!"

She growled under her breath at the mirror.

"Well, maybe mother had a point! You were no less rotten than father was!"

She swore, and punched the mirror. White blood dripped from her fist.

"His love was worse than his hate, *sister*"

In the stall behind her, there was a quiet whimper, as though someone had scarcely held in a scream, when the glass had shattered.

"We have an eavesdropper, sister. You'd better clean up..."

She shut her eyes, and opened them again. Her eyes sharpened, the affection draining from them. She reached behind her for a shard of the broken mirror, and stepped towards the cubicle.

"Oh, sister, two in one day? Truly, you spoil me." 

The shard cut her palm as she gripped it, and blood black as pitch spattered on the floor, mixing with the white. 