As you're tucking your daughter in, you hear a heavy breathing. A hefty cough comes from under the bed and you jump back, your arms raised in defense.
Suddenly, a voice comes. "Wiseguy, gimme a frickin' hand oudda here."
A hand in a white sleeve reaches out and you bend down and drag out a fat mobster, who seems to have taken too much drink.
"Ahhh... dis ain't my car..." he moans. He dusts himself off and stands up, crookedly.
"Paulie, how ya' doin'?" he asks, and stretches out his hand. You take his hand in an awkward grip and shake it slowly. 

You say your name, before guiding him out of your daughter's bedroom. You take him to the kitchen and set on a pot of coffee on your stove.
You ask him why he was underneath your daughter's bed.
"Well," began the mobster, before clouds of smoke pass by into what appears to be a flashback.
"I wuz wid my buddies, we wuz a' dis club, when suddenly, I hear frickin' sirens, right? I seein' all dese red 'n' blue lights pourin' inna dah club. The bartendah starts screamin' 'PIGS' an' suddenly we's all runnin' 'round the place. I kick down da door an' climb ovah the fence. Suddenly, a pig comes sprintin' down d'alley aftah me so I throws dis box ad' him. 'Bout a minute latah, I seen yah house. Thought it was empty but 'ventually I heard ya and yah daughtah so I tried ta hide undah yuh bed."

The smoke passed yet again, letting you know you're now back into the present.
You are now scared about harboring a fugitive but you decide not to mess with the mob. You place a steaming cup of coffee down beside the mobster before taking your own seat. You munch on biscuits and offer some to the mobster who declines. Suddenly, sirens beckoned outside and the mobster stood up, revolver in his hand. He hastily pushed bullets into the revolver.

"Ged oudda the way!" he screams as he pushes you aside. You open up your cabinet, taking out a shotgun and push your own shells into it. You sprint to the door and find it wide open, with the cops crouched over their cars, pistols aimed at you. You drop your shotgun and tell them there was someone in you house, and they proceed to drop their guns and approach cautiously.

--The Next Night--
A man is tucking his daughter into bed, when suddenly... he hears heavy breathing...
