20 minute sprint - 

According to the statistics on the hospital’s bi-annual survey, I’m designated as a “failed doctor.” By the time I get my hands on you there’s a 0% success rate. It doesn’t reflect well on the hospital, but I’m a necessary expense on their part. 

A patient once called me an angel of death, and frankly, I liked the moniker. 

6 years with a medical license and I think I’ve grown immune to the stench of both embalming fluid and morphine. By day I haunt the wards of the ICU and trauma bays, and nights I spend in cold metal rooms operating on quiet but harsh metal tables. I don’t need much sleep. I’ll sleep when I’m dead. 

As much as I hate the cliche, because it’s always what happens, it started with pets. Little Lucy down the lane lost her puppy, and well.. I didn’t mean to do it the first time. 

The second time, I wanted to see how it works. Then I made a living out of it. 

I got good at it. As “good” as you can be with necromancy. It’s not all vampires and walkers, blights and curses. Hell, I’ve never drawn a pentagram in my life. It’s black magic plain and simple - and magic comes in every color there is. 

Most physicians will fight for you. They’ll tell you that the treatment is working, if only you push a little harder. They’ll say you can try something new, something only recently approved. I think they treat you like mice in a cage - and yet people will say I’m the sadistic one. 

There is bravery in death. There is release in the truth. You are going to die someday. Tough isn’t it?  

Most of the patients in the ICU are going to die, and soon. They know it, I know it, sometimes their family won’t admit it. Letting people go comfortably is easy. More often than not, they beg me for it. If I’m feeling particularly affable, I can even give Aunt Patricia an extra hour of painless lucidity. I’m not a good doctor, but I did swear an oath. 

Sometimes people need an escape; faking death is easy, and it pays for my yearly trips abroad. Sometimes they ask me to make it messy. I’m allowed a little fun. 

The corpses down in the morgue have a lot of stories to tell. Whoever said “the dead don’t talk” had obviously never met one. The dead can’t seem to shut up. 

It’s not my job to keep them here. I could, but it’s messy, and they have to be willing to stay. A lot of people are better off dead, and a lot of dead people agree with me. 

But, I give them a chance to tell their story - confess if they like. I’ve put a lot of murderers behind bars, and held too many shattered wives and children. Nobody said death was pretty. 

In the end, death and the dead have never bothered me. The living? The living get what they deserve. 