**I don't like "the ducks are coming," so I'm going to change it to "the shadows will achieve flight."**

It is not uncommon for the same prediction to be uttered by more than one individual. In this world, the final utterances of the dying are recorded much like the time of death is recorded on one's death certificate. This time, however, was very different. Every single person in their dying moments started to scream those awful and confusing words, "the shadows will achieve flight" while writhing in their hospital beds or wherever their dying moment happened to be.

Jacqueline was perhaps the first person to hear this prophesy being uttered. It was said by her mother, in her final moments before succumbing to cancer. She held her mother's hand softly in hers. Her skin was brown and brittle. It was also grey and dry. She hadn't been taking care of herself the last few weeks before her demise. She hadn't woken up in a few days. The doctor said that her time was quickly approaching. Jacqueline (or Jacks, for short) had taken the last few days off to stay by her side, hardly taking the time to get herself food for fear of missing her last breath. She needn't worry about missing the prophesy, though. Every room in the hospital that held a dying person held also an overseer. An overseer was an individual assigned to preside over the dying in order to record their dying words in the registry. The government had no trust in civilian accounts of the prophetic words of the dying. The overseer in her mother's room was a quiet and pale, young man that sat in a small chair in the corner with a pen and paper in hand. Their role was so commonplace that Jacks hardly noticed that he was there.

Her mother's grip started to slack and Jacks knew what was coming. Looking at the monitor she could see her heart rate growing more erratic and her breathing accelerating. She leaned in closely, waiting for the prophesy to be revealed. She hadn't risen in days and yet she was still going to make a prophesy like every human being has done in the past. Her mother's head was wrapped to keep her body warm, but Jacks could still see the remaining strands of hair coming out of the wrap. The bandage was so large around her head that it made her already-petite frame seem that much smaller.

Her hand rose slowly and Jacks reached for it. As soon as her hand made contact, her mother tightened her grip. her eyes popped open so suddenly and with such alertness that Jacks could hardly believe that she was completely unconscious moments before. She looked Jacks directly in the eyes with an intensity that told her that it was going to be a big prophesy.

"Mo... Mom, I love you." She said this as she held her mother tighter. Her eyes, already wet from crying the past several hours, were now streaming with tears. Her mother was crying too. She looked concerned for her daughter, but she wasn't looking at her. She was staring into space.

"Jacqueline. I-- I 'm about to go." She reached her other hand over and wrapped it around Jacks' arm. "I'm about to go, and I know this because I can feel the prophesy coming." She took a slow breath and steadied her resolve. "I don't know how I know this, but it's going to be something big." 