"They say you are the man who cannot miss..." Diego said, in a low voice.

"And they say you are the man who always gets his mark..." Charles replied, his thick English accent echoing throughout the half empty bar.

"The Last Shot". Best bar in the town of Kardon. Only bar in the town of Kardon. A small, dark building tucked away in the middle of a run down row of abandoned buildings. The perfect meeting place for people who like their privacy. People like Diego; a short, athletic, man with a large scar running from him right earlobe to the corner of his mouth.. And Charles; a tall, lanky man with slicked back hair and thick glasses protruding from his gnarled face. The two sat in a corner booth under a dimly lit hanging light. 

Diego started again: "I saw your ad on the website and I..."

"Enough!" Charles stopped him abruptly. "That is the last time we will speak of where you found me. I need to maintain a certain level of...discretion. I'm sure you understand."

"Of course", Diego replied. "So, did you bring it"?

"Yes, of course I brought it" Charles shot him an annoyed look as he took another sip of some unspeakably bitter drink. He pulled a small black case out from under the table and placed it gently down on top. "The AVX-C 7000. With black, non-glaring coating and a 70x zoom. Did you bring the trade that we agreed on over the phone?"

"Yes. Its an older model, but well maintained and very effective in desert settings." Diego explained. He shot a quick glance around the bar before pulling a brown briefcase out from his lap and sliding it across the table to Charles. Charles took the briefcase and placed it next to him in the booth. "Aren't you going to look at it? Confirm its condition?" Diego asked, confused.

Charles chuckled a little. "No. I think we both know what would happen if you shorted me. "

"Fair enough." Diego said, sheepishly. "To be honest, I've never heard of this particular brand or style." He held the black case in his hands as he spoke. "But everyone online says it is the single most effective one for gaining the long range advantage".

"To be honest." Charles mocked. "I really don't see you being as good as they say you are. You just don't match the typical profile. How is it you always get your mark?"

Diego fronted a slight smile. "I just know how to take the perfect shot"

Charles face brightened slightly. "Only a true master of the craft would understand what that means."

"Oh I know all about the perfect shot." Diego responded. "The thrill of picking the perfect mark. The intensity of getting yourself close enough. The detail involved in learning their every move and tracking their every action." 

Charles eyes widened slightly. 

"The feeling, just as you see the perfect shot come into range." Diego continued, clearly enthralled in his own descriptive words. "The moment when your heart stops beating just as you take the shot. Then. The nothingness that follows. Sure at night you get a better reaction, but in the day...its like you were never even there."

Charles had a slight smile cutting across his face now. "Alright, say no more. I'm convinced you're the real deal. I couldn't have said it better myself." Charles slid the black case across the table into Diego's waiting hands. Diego clutched it for a moment, clearly in awe that the rarity was finally his. As Diego opened the clasps holding the box shut Charles muttered, "I must ask one final thing before we part." 

Diego stopped opening the box momentarily and looked up. "Go ahead." he chimed back. 

"You must tell me the story of the scar." Charles said, almost whispering now.

"A boar." Diego said lowly. His head drooping a bit as he said it. 

Confusion shot across Charles face. "A fucking what?" Almost choking on his drink as he asked. 

"A boar." Diego shot back. "You know, a big pig?"

"What the hell were you doing near a bloody boar?" Charles asked.

"Just trying to get the perfect shot." Diego replied, almost grinning as he looked down to open his case. He looked inside. Then back at Charles. Then back inside again. Then back to Charles. A realization set into Charles mind as his eyes grew wide and his jaw dropped open a bit. Before Charles could explain himself, Diego  pulled out the AVX-C 7000 sniper rifle scope and held it in his hand. 

At that moment, both men realized the misunderstanding. Charles reached into the briefcase and pulled out a long-range camera lens with a desert brown coating of paint on it. In the silence of the bar, only six words were heard...

"What the fuck is this shit?"










