Auricustodiax the great had slumbered for years untold deep inside a dim cave high in the cold mountains that bordered the Kingdom. The adventuring days of his youth were far behind him, and the hoarding days of his full majesty were now long forgotten even by the great-grandfathers of men. He was content to lay dormant on his hoard now, his fire rarely kindling, his body seeming to fade into the very stone of his innermost chamber.

Through the haze of his sleep he felt more than heard the movement of a small creature feeling its way into the mouth of his cave. A breath *wooshed* out of his great nostrils and one great wing lifted from his side and flapped in annoyance. The wind it sent through the cave was warm, for though his fires were dimmed from their former glory they still burned hot to the touch.

The sounds continued inwards, though growing weaker. At last, a knight carrying several small bundles staggered into the great vaulted chamber and beheld the dragon's bulk. He seemed to pause there, his breathing labored. After a moment, the great wyrm opened one golden eye, its lids as tall as a man standing at full height.

The knight was stunned into utter stillness. Auricustodiax slowly lifted his great head to the ceiling and stretched his neck. In his younger days he would have snapped up the knight without a second thought. Now, he was slower to act. He noticed as he looked back at the knight that the crest emblazoned on his breast was that of a golden dragon--Auricustodiax himself. Steam hissed from his nostrils.

"Who are you that comes to my inner sanctum bearing the sigil of the King?" Auricustodiax asked. His voice was deep as the roaring waters of the Mistel falls and as soft as the finest velvet. The knight fell to his knees and placed the bundles before him as an offering.

"O, Auricustodiax the great, I am Kalistor, of the King's guard. I come bidden by King Giles on a desperate errand. Our land has been overtaken by foreign enemies and all hope seems lost. The King's house has fallen and our cities are burning. The King bid me seek thee as a last desperate hope and to invoke the ancient oath you took with his forefathers untold years ago at the founding of our country. He bids you take his beloved daughter and only heir Juliana and keep her safe. In this, he considers your debt paid."

The dragon was, perhaps for only the second time in his long life, rendered speechless. He need not have answered the knight, though, as the young man finally succumbed to his wounds and fell to his side, never to rise again.

After another silent moment, the dragon reached out a single claw, sharp as a spear-point, and pulled back the wrappings of the bundle the knight had carried. Inside he found a young child of golden hair sleeping peacefully and along with her a fair crown of gold and a sharp sword scored with runes along its fuller.

*It has been long since I have had the care of a wyrmling,* Auricustodiax thought to himself, *but for my oath I will raise this little one as if she were my own.* 

And taking the bundle up in one giant claw as gentle as any mother, he climbed out of his cave and for the first time in four centuries spread his great wings in flight.