I was born in a broken home to a broken mother. As a result, I never really developed emotions. This didn't upset me nor send me into a spiral of self-loathing and pity- it simply couldn't. I had accepted that my life would be emotionless and even thought it would be for the best, life can be full of tragedies and heartache; none of which I would experience. I was at peace with this concept until it was suggested to me that I open a public donation box where people could donate their unwanted emotions. I failed to see any real issue with it and decided to try it, if only for a while.

That was three years ago.

Every day since, I have awoken with the same feeling of dread deep at the pit of my stomach. I don't know how I failed to realise that unwanted feelings would be the only feelings donated and that they would be unwanted for a reason. Each day is different. Sometimes, I feel the utter heartbreak of a new mother whose child isn't in her arms. Other times, I feel the intense rage of a man who has discovered his partner is cheating. More often than not, I feel the most paralysing of the emotions-
loneliness.
My days are largely filled with loneliness. A once suicidal person now works towards building a new life as they have gotten rid of the debilitating loneliness that once plagued them so, unfortunately, I now have that burden to bear. I considered ending my own life when I discovered I couldn't close the donation box, but why bother? My (albeit unwilling) adoption of the unwanted feelings of others has saved more lives than I can count and that fact brings me some shred of relief.

Today, however, was different.

Today, I woke up feeling energised. I felt tall and awake and fantastic. I felt alive. Someone had donated their happiness to me. I took on the day with the most amazing sense of wonder. Every colour was brighter, each smell was sharper, the breeze was cooler and the day warmer. The world, if only in my opinion, was perfect. I took full advantage of my new happiness. I went on a tour bus that taught me more about my area. I bought lunch in a lovely little café by the beach and ate it beside the sea. The salty air and sea breeze caressed my cheeks and filled my nose with the smell of opportunity and escapism. I was truly content in that moment.

I lay down to sleep that night bewildered as to why someone would do this, then it hit me. 

Someone didn't want the euphoric feeling I'd had all day and I couldn't imagine why. I had no way of finding this person, of telling them to revel in this feeling and never part with it again. At first, I fantasized. I pictured a wonderfully kind 'Good Samaritan' who decided to give someone else a day in the wonderland they knew. Then, I began to rationalise. I pictured a desolate, lonely being who felt as if the entire world was on their shoulders. I pictured someone whose spirits could not be lifted by a day at the beach, or a bus tour, or even the sun shining upon them and the feeling of complete and utter freedom. I imagined a figure sitting in darkness, lonely and unsure of the things to come and I realised; happiness was worse than loneliness and anger and sadness and jealousy all put together.

When you live on borrowed feelings, you expect the worst of people's lives to be sent your way. When you receive happiness, you receive the worst of people's lives. When you receive negative feelings, you are connecting with someone who wants to be happy. When you receive happiness, you are connecting with someone who has given up on happiness.

Sometimes I wish I couldn't feel anything again, that was easier than this.
That was easier than guilt.