My class of 300 sits in front of me, casually waiting for me to begin the lesson on early history. Acidic Substances are being popped, tentacles are being twirled, smells are being pass around, just a normal day. I stand up, and hush my class. They are being extra rowdy today, as the entertainment from the newly released psychic projections were not enough to satisfy their hunger. But, I, having done this for thirty years, know the exact pheromone to calm my class down. My glands release it, and the class is put into a state of calm. Their eyes all turn toward me. I begin excreting the lesson pheromone, causing the entire class to hallucinate the entirety of our early history. I know what I am doing, but I have been extra careful recently. I keep making small mistakes, not big mistakes in the pheromones, just mistakes. Mistakes I should have caught. As soon as I came out of the cloning vats, I was sent to one year of education. My profession was to be a history teacher. Everyone makes mistakes, but I was one of the old batches. I should hold myself to a standard, to make The One proud. Today, we are learning about the early experiments of The One, hundreds of thousands of years ago. Experimenting with the small ones to make them big and smart, and fighting off the apes. My pheromones are very thought sensitive, so I stop wandering my mind immediately. I focus on the lesson. *Afraid, cold. A world where we were fighting to survive. Hundreds of thousands of years ago, when The One was focusing on perfecting her breed.* My mind wanders from the lesson, and thoughts that I should never have thought begin to slip in. A tidal wave of emotions, of my love for The One, of our need for The One, of how badly things could have gone for us without the one. My students begin to sway. But then, it occurs to me. It was not hundred of thousands of years ago, it was millions! Wait, that cannot be right. A weird hum overtakes me, and I blink. My students change form into a more mature breed of their species. I begin to panic, as they have appeared to have evolved millions of years. Ah, not again, I think. This is becoming a daily occurrence now. My psychic link is too strong now, my old age of 31 years is wearing down on me. But then I realize something. "I CONTROL THE EVENTS OF THE PAST!" I squeak aloud, breaking the pheromone hold on my students.

They blink, and change their attention back to playing. But their playing is different, playing that a civilization of millions of years would do, not hundreds of thousands. A playing of old gods. I think, "*How, how long has our species survived?*" A humming overcomes my thoughts. *Mil    i o n   s   y  e     r s       f      l    i   e       i  t  h              o       n        e.*  I begin to panic. How did they do that? No one in my time could do that. There are not smells of regular communication. No sound, just, a hum. A meaning that I can barely perceive.  I look down. My body has matured as well, but my brain has remained the same. I then realize my gift. My happiness begins to take hold of me. I can worship the one in so many ways! I can make her infancy easier. I can make her truly the deity of eternal knowledge! I begin my meddling, my suspicions earlier confirmed. "*The One was gifted eternal knowledge and eternal life during her infancy, and her intelligence was truly unmatched! She no longer needs to labor for her children, for us!"* My world begins to spin. My body begins to twist in ways unnatural, and the class fades from existence. My body collapses in on itself. I lose awareness of the world around me. I realize I made a mistake. I try to correct it by reaching out with my newly made abilities, to receive, nothing. Just a strange static. Empty. I feel empty. I feel alone. Alone. All alone. No one. I see nothing. I feel nothing. My world is gone. It is gone. It is gone. It is gone... It is gone..... It is..... Gone..... It is..........

ENTRY 33, PALEONTOLOGY

Something is up. I don't know what it is, but the radio signals have been going crazy. A horrible, stomach churning, "scream". I can barely describe it... It appears this activity has been limited, thankfully, to our dig site in the Amazon. I personally hold the strangest feeling, that something odd is trying to call out to me. Something ancient. I feel a sense of dread. A team has been dispatched to locate the source of this anomaly.  It may be nothing, but something is telling me it is worth checking. A nagging. Everyone feels it. A longing. Whatever is down there, if real, is not human.

**Was this any good? Any feedback would be much appreciated. Thanks to OP for the great prompt!**