I spent my entire life believing, "Heaven was a place called Earth." I wish I would have been right.... 15,000 years and nothing has changed. Well, for me anyways. Many people have come and gone, I have learned countless stories from trillions, yet, I still remain. An ironic punishment of sorts I could say, I did so much to preserve humanity it was only fitting I would be here to help others understand their lives. There were others like me, some had been around for as long as myself, others longer, but for the majority you got 100-200 years maybe. 

A light started to flash next to me as I focused back out on my surroundings. "Time to go to work," I yawned stretching my back. The faded shells of people moved all around me as I floated down from my perch. The fountains water did not touch me, just flowed through my body. Before me a man began to gain color from his faded self. Many other faded persons gathered around him attempting to help, but like the trillions I had seen before, he was beyond help. 

"Stay back!" He yelled at those surrounding him, waving his arms about as he stood up. I gave a little chuckle as I flowed the rest of the way down. "They cannot hear you anymore," I spoke, placing my hand on his shoulder. Angry, he lashed back, as per usual, pulling away as if to run. As the reality of things set in, he turned back to me dumb founded. His eyes shifted past me to the faded fountain I had come to call home. "Where am I?" He whispered as I flowed my way next to him. 'Welcome to purgatory," I spoke, "Or at least that's what I like to call it, I've never really been sure."  He continued to look completely lost, like so many before him. That expression never changes, even with time. "So I'm de...." "Dead," I spoke, cutting him off. "You have left the bounds of mortality indeed" 

I let him sit just staring at the fountain as faded shadows pasted around us. I had all the time in the world for all I knew, and after waiting so long I was no longer impatient. I looked over the person before me as I had done many times before. A simple man in comparison to my last 'visitor'. A plain set of clothes uncommon, yet standard for the time. Comfortable clothes were always the best way to go, especially if you didn't know how long you would have to wait. Advance medical watch and ear pieces paired with what I could only imagine where bionics.  He also seemed to have been lucky, he clutched a cube I knew had to be a new form of a satchel. He would have some familiar objects to toy with while he waited. 

I gave a smile as I realized his watch was a version of mine from his time. I always knew it to be a good brand, too bad it held little meaning here aside as a friendly reminder to his own time. I opened my satchel, and removed my journal. I flipped open to my marked page and turned to a blank sheet. Trillions of notes taken, yet I still would find a new sheet when I would come to the end. A glorious perk of being here I suppose, yet, when I was gone who would read this. I continued to wait for what seemed like eons, until finally he turned towards me. "Yes?" I spoke knowing he was finally ready. "It's you isn't it?" He asked, turning back to the fountain once again. "Yes, I replied, it's been quite a while." 

He bent down to look at the fountain's plate, faded in the twilight the numbers 1994 - 2037 could be seen. He sat back up and moved his hand across his watch. June 17, 17048 flashed in front of him before blinking back down. A confused look passed over his face once again, "How does this all work?" "Well," I spoke, "It's a bit complicated; however, as I have learned from my time here you can still use anything that was on your person when you passed over." "So," he spoke softly, "I can send a message to my family?" I laughed a little, "I'm afraid not, although that is always the first question it seems." "You can try to send one if you want, but they will only get a form of interference, in my time you could cause a phone call with no one on the other end to come through; however, I do not think your technology works that way anymore." 

He began to look over me more closely now. My hiking shoes, jeans, and button down shirt was something out of a history book to him in comparison to his jumpsuit. Technology had always had a way in making things less unique in a sense. He then focused around us at the shadows we stood by. He reached out in curiosity as the shadow closed her arms feeling a chill. "Are they..." "Alive?" I spoke, "Yes, you are still on Earth, just in a different form of existence." He let out a long sigh before turning to face me once again, "So what do we do now?" "I gave a smile as I touched his shoulder, "We help those that pass understand this and wait." "Wait for what?" He said, looking once again confused as before. "Well, I don't really know, but in time you will learned." "Come," I motioned towards the road ahead of us. "Let's go and find your passed friends and family, I am sure they have missed you." He turned with me and began to walk. "If you don't mind me asking," He questioned, "Can you tell me about your life while we look." "You're the single most important person in history." I patted his back as we continued down the road, "Of course, ..." "Daniel," he said excited. "Of course Daniel," I smiled, "where would you like me to begin." 

Behind us the shadows continued to walk along with the occasional few stopping to admire the fountain. Some throwing objects into the water, others bowing there heads in respect. One knelt down and cleaned off the name plate, smiling as he worked. The golden name etched forever in history. T. Ten, The Great Archivist, Savior of all Records.