I sat nervously in the room, draped almost all in black, mindlessly tapping my fingers to pass the time. From the outside, the building looked like any other office tower. Glass panels lined the entire structure, a polished lobby with two receptionists dressed in blazer and white buttoned up shirt.

My ripped jeans and worn out t-shirt must have looked terribly out of place, in contrast with the neat and pristine condition of the building. But then again, when you're someone who has been living for the past one thousand years, without any way to die no matter how you tried, looks isn't exactly a high priority.

"The boss is ready to see you now," a voice interrupted my thoughts. I turned to see a woman standing next to the hallway. She was wearing the same outfit as the receptionists downstairs, the blazer and shirt hugging her slim figure tightly. I may have walked the earth for a thousand years, but rarely have I seen such specimen of beauty. The boss of this place must have some exquisite taste.

"Ugh okay," I said and headed to the direction she was pointing. It was a short hallway with a grand wooden door at end. My thoughts flashed back to a thousand years ago, when I first saw... HIM. Draped in black robes that flowed strangely in the wind, it was quite easy to identify who he was. The feared angel of Death. He approached me as I was walking down the bazaar street, the first day after I had achieved my gift. Or curse, as how I would see it today.

He told me that he had a job for me, asked whether I was interested. I simply brushed him away, of course. Why would an immortal want a job with Death? He simply laughed at me, and proclaimed that there would be a day when I would beg him for a job.

The second time he appeared to me was five hundred years after the first encounter. In my bedroom in medieval Europe, after a drunken orgy with the finest courtesans the Portugal king had to offer.

"NOT BORED YET?" he simply asked, telling me that the job offer was still open. I brushed him off again, saying that I would never want his job, or any job for related to him for that matter.

And yet five hundred years later, I was seated in front of him, in a posh office that sat on the highest story of downtown Manhattan. I wanted out. I was bored. I no longer wanted to live forever. And Death seemed to offer the only viable option. 

"What job do you have for me?" was my first question as soon as I sat down on the chair opposite of him. There was a raspy sound beneath the shadows of his hood, like someone who was drawing their last few breaths. A sound that I was all too familiar with.

Death leaned closer to the table, crossing his fingers in front of him. Skin were peeling off some of them, while others were only bones. 

"DO YOU DESIRE DEATH?" his voice croaked, filling the room with despair.

"Yes, if I don't I won't be here in the first place."

"GOOD..." Death replied, and he flew out of his chair, straight at me. There was not even time for me to shout. His hands gripped my face, a cold, burning embrace, as my vision blurred and changed. Death was giving me a vision.

In it I saw a magnificent city perched above the clouds, basking in all the glory and warmth of God. HEAVEN, a voice whispered at the back of my head.

The vision switched, the wondrous city morphed into a twisting cavern of despair and anguish, filled with tortured souls that were damned to eternity. HELL, the voice whispered now. 

AND WE'RE GOING TO TAKE THEM ALL, the voice announced, as it flashed to the image of hundreds of people, all around the world. They all looked normal, except that they were not. All of them were like me, immortals. People who could never die, who could never enter hell nor heaven. 

In that moment I understood. Death was raising an army to take over the afterlife. And he needed those who could never die.

"I'm in," I announced as my vision cleared back to normal, revealing the office that I was seated in. Perhaps this would be the salvation that I was seeking for.

-----------

/r/dori_tales