"Level Zero?  Well then what are you calling me for?  Call me when it gets serious.  Like level five or one hundred or something!" he yelled into the phone line while hanging out of the Time And Relative Dimension In Space ship flying across the Star Queen Nebula.

"Doctor, who is it?" the red haired girl asked.

"Oh, just some joker telling me there are no problems on Earth."  His ear snapped back to the phone.  "Oh there are problems?  What?  LEVEL ZERO!?!  Well why didn't you say so!" he said as he adjusted his bow time.  "I specialize in level zero, we'll be there right away!"  He clicked the phone back onto the receiver and pulled the blue wood half door.

"What's going on?" the girl asked again.

"Who knows?  He kept shouting level zero, level zero," the Doctor said as he swirled around the girl.

"What's level zero?" she said with a stern face.

"Well, it's pretty simple really," the doctor said as he adjusted switches, levels, and buttons causing the TARDIS to woosh, woosh.  "You see Amy, many cultures have developed different numbering systems.  Some count on their fingers, some with their hair, some even count with their," the doctor paused to look down at his pants.

"No, no, I know what a zero is you silly old raggity man.  What does 'L E V E L Z E R O' mean?"

"Oh, well, I already said who knows?"  The TARDIS shuddered and came to a halt.  Without a word, the Doctor glided out the doorway and Amy promptly followed.  The room ahead was a large command center with giant projection screens, rows and rows off desks with computers, US military personnel running amok, and sirens blaring with flashing white lights.

"Doctor, you made it," the young private said as he gave a crisp salute.  "The Brits gave us your number in case of emergency and we have an emergency."

"Of course you have an emergency.  Your entire culture counts backwards.  Real emergencies get big numbers, like five, or ten, or one hundred, or even fifty four billion, two hundred and thirty four million, six hundred and four thousand, two hundred and nine.  THAT is a doosey of an emergency, am I right?  C'mon, I'm always right, I don't even know why I ask," he said with a huge grin and his arms swinging through the air.

"Doctor!" Amy and the private said in unison.

"Oh, sorry, right, okay now, what's the level zero emergency?"

Just then a large overweight man with his uniform coat unbuttons and four stars on his shoulders approached.  "Are you the man on the phone?"

"Nope!" the doctor promptly said.  "I was the man on the phone.  Now I'm the man standing in this room.  Well, if you could call me a man.  I've been many things."

"Well, whatever, we have a serious emergency.  Follow me to the large oversized screens."  They turned.  "You see here, this is a graphic of the Earth.  And right there is a giant rock creature burrowing to the center of the earth to, we believe, eat the iron core.  If you don't stop it within the next 30 minutes, he'll reach the core and start eating.  We estimate he'll completely consume it within a few weeks and the Earth's protective magnetic field will collapse and we'll be bombarded with radioactive rays from the sun.  The earth will be completely dead within days of that, at best."

The Doctor grinned.  "Aww, well, it's just a little barinkula bear.  They're basically harmless.  He's just hungry is all."

"Little?  That this is massive.  He'll eat the entire core in weeks - didn't you hear that?"

"Yeah, well," the doctor said with a bit of seriousness, "the big ones would just swallow your planet whole just for the core.  They have a bit of an iron deficiency.  You would too if you were big enough to swallow a planet."

"Well what are you going to do about it?" the General demanded?

"It's simple, really.  They're essentially big babies.  If we...yeah...that's a great idea.  I'm going to use the planet's core as a resonance device.  If I set the TARDIS to project a the right harmonic frequency attuned directly to the core's resonance then I can use it as a giant loudspaker.  Now, all I need is" the doctor spun on his heel.  "Amy, come with me".

The doctor and Amy rushed into the TARDIS where the doctor promptly swung levels and hit switches and the TARDIS woosh, wooshed.  There was a hard THUD landing.  Then the doctor dived under the TARDIS floor through the bulkheads pulling on wires and tubes.  "Ahh, here we go," he said as he climbed back to the floor level with a microphone.  "Okay, Amy, I need you to sing a lullaby while I project it to the barinkula bear."

"You need me to WHAT?  Oh no no no, I don't sing."

"C'mon Amy, this is to save the WORLD."  He shoved the microphone into her hands.  "Okay, now, I'm tuning the TARDIS to the iron core right...now....go"

"Uhh, Baa, Baa, Black Sheep, have you any wool?"

"No no, Amy, something more lullaby...y...ish."

"Umm, Hush little baby don't say a word.  Papa's gonna buy you a mockingbird.  And if that mockingbird won't sing, Papa's gonna buy you a diamond ring.  And if that diamond ring turns brass, Papa's gonna buy you a looking glass."  As Amy sung, the screens showed the barinkula bear falling to sleep in it's tunnel digging to the earths core.  On the surface, the song continued to resonate and the earth sung softly to it's inhabitants putting children to sleep from end to end.  The Doctor flew the TARDIS to where the bear rested, extended the TARDIS' dimensional field around the bear, and flew everyone to an uninhabited world high in iron.

THE END.