It was the year May 29th x9 and I lazily flipped through the complete works of sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Although every book ever written is in this library I couldn't help myself from returning to certain stories and fantasising about the protagonist. Each word brought me closer to that warmth of human experience. An intellectual tete a tete with the author rustling through a wall of paper.
It seemed of all I had read thus far that Sherlock Holmes was the only person who would understand. He knew what it was to hold an immense knowledge base and to be unable to find someone to share it with. He had mysteries to solve and enemies to fight. Watson by his side as a sounding board. 
I only have one mystery and no real people to talk to. 
The others who never leave scare me. They all vary in age, race and sex. The only thing they share is an unwavering fixation in their tomes and blazing blue eyes. I think I must share this look. I once used my sleeve to polish up the walnut desks in the geography section to see 2 blue supernovas twinkling back. 
I tried to talk to one of the others in the year 1st August x2 but I gave her such a fright by breaking the dusty silence that she hid behind the religious text section seeking sanctuary behind the Torah. I gave up shortly after that. Occasionally newcomers pop in for the year but they are normally so excited that they don't want to talk. They obsessively plough themselves into a topic that excites them and ravenously consume the morsels as if it were their first and last meal.
I remember being that way in my early years. After I had learned to read with the traditional ABC books and Spot the dog, I read the entire works of Roald Dahl, Brothers Grimm and Enid Blyton. I was a slow reader at the time but the experience was an adventure. There was so much to know. I was Richard of the famous five setting out for adventure without the help of grown ups.
Now I sit with Aldous Huxley by my side debating the merits of his Brave New World. I care but much less then I did then. 3,000 years will do that. I just can't wait for the end of each year when I hear mum whisper.
"Gyan it's time to get up. You have half an hour before the school bus gets here."

