“The King is dead; long live the champion!”

The call I’ve been dreading.  I am Princess Joyce, 21st in the line of the late King Thane the Mad, and soon I will join my father’s side. I thought it would be sooner... I should have been too young to compete in his cruel game.

My father earned his title. He conquered the nine usurpers and united the kingdoms long before I was born. He was praised as a hero by historians, and bards, and citizens, but know the truth. He made an unholy pact to be seen as a hero. He was willing to sacrifice the lives of his sons and daughter to hold power.

My father created a new way to find an heir to the throne, and he passed the cost onto my brothers and I. After uniting the ten kingdoms he took ten wives, one from each of his new lands. And, to keep the peace started the challenge: when the Crown dies, all men and women with claim to royal blood would fight to determine an heir. He kept the peace, by sacrificing the lives of his children....

I can hear them coming, the madmen my father made priests to legitimize his fever dream. The priests would take me to a temple and prepare me for the challenge. I would be given food and drink, shelter, armor, weapons, and my... sponsor.

“Princess, it is time,” said the High Priest, “The bell tolls your father’s death. You will fight or die for the glory of our kingdom. May your sacrifice please the gods!”

“May your sacrifice please the gods!”

“May my sacrifice please the gods....”

—————————

“My Lady? It is time.”

Finally. It will all be over soon.

“The High Priests are waiting for you.”

“Let’s get this over with.”

I could hear their chants. Calling on the gods and old magics. I stepped out onto the altar to join the priests and the Princes. I am the youngest of all legitimate heirs so the most powerful sponsors have chosen their champions. This looks very grim.

“Oh great beings of power’” chanted the priests in unison, “hear the call of one with royal blood! Hear her call and grant her your power!”

“Announce yourself and your offering, and claim your sponsor!” Said the High Priest.

“I am Princess Joyce, 21st in the line of King Thane the Mad, and the rightful Queen of the Ten Kingdoms!” 

I could hear my brothers laughing behind me. None of them ever believed I’d make it this far. I was born near death, according to my mother. And my brothers refused to let me forget.

“To my sponsor: my victory will be your victory! You will be honored! For my victory, I offer you a seat on my court, a place in my home, and the fruits of the Ten Kingdoms!”

The laughter stopped. The chanting stopped. The room went quiet.

“My child, what have you done!” I heard the High Priest shout, but his voice was fading. Everything was fading.

I awoke in darkness, in cold. A deep sense of dread set in.

“My Lady! The honor is mine.” These echoing, booming words shook everything around me. They cut into my soul like an icy dagger.

“Who are you? Why have you summoned me?”

As I said this, the darkness moved around me, forming a figure. It towered above me, shrouded in robes darker than a moonless night. I only caught a glimpse of its face... it was a skull, burning with blue fire. And when I looked into it’s eyes— for the brief moment that I held its stare— I felt empty.

“My Lady, did your father not tell you? No matter, the bargain was sealed.”

“What does this have to do with my father?”

“Ha! He didn’t tell you! But then again, Thane always was a weasel. No matter, as I said, the bargain was struck, a contract made. The firstborn daughter for nine kingdoms.”

“What? This is outrageous! I don’t care what you gave my father, return me to the temple and begone!”

“All deals are final, My Lady. Your father promised me you. You are my vessel, and the Ten Kingdoms are mine.”

“Your vessel?”

“Your father told me the cult called them something different... gods?... spirits?... ghosts?....”

I knew what he was talking about.

“Sponsors. You are my sponsor.”

“Yes! That’s what you call us now; sponsors. I’ve always preferred harbingers. Death and his harbingers. Always had a nice ring to it.”