God: Why are ALL OF THESE PEOPLE HERE?!

A giant, endless white void filled with people working at computer consoles, on each of which ran a universe, stretched out to infinity. Of course, that was only one level, on another one was an endless concourse filled with numbered doors, each room having a reality development console. It was up to the people what they would choose. The concourse also contained cafes, restaurants, arcades, casinos, it was basically a giant celestial 5 star hotel that was infinitely big.

Me: Simple, god. I, unlike you, don't consider myself perfect. But I also realized it would get awfully lonely up here. So, I did for everyone what you did for me. I gave them a chance at omnipotence. Reality is now the ultimate Open Source development project. All of these people you see before you are those I've allowed in. Of course, there are doors on every planet in the universe you gave me, allowing people to walk through freely. Of course, I informed everyone of where those doors go and the chance they've been given. Every single one of these people have their own universes. Some have opted for an even bigger challenge and run their own multiverse. As you can see, all of these people are quite happy.

God: But what about my universe? My plan?

Me: I kept it.

I lead god to door #748 on the concourse.

Me: This is your reality as you had it before you called me up here. It's exactly as you left it. Divine plan, weird contradictory holy books, conflicting religions, horror, strife, it's all there so you can still let your divine plan play out. As for me, I've used my omnipotence to keep myself and all others from losing their new abilities and this new reality development and research dimension from being destroyed. So go, run your universe like how you were. But when you're done, we'll be right here. Doing some crazy shit.

God: That line's from the Saints Row 2 Activities Trailer.

Me: I know. So, go on, get to it. Oh, but you won't be sealed off. You can come in and out of this room any time you want. You no longer have to suffer alone in omnipotence. Those people you saw on those planes all have their own realities, and so do I. We know what it's like. So come out whenever you wish. Enjoy the cafes and the restaurants. Talk to people. Play some video games, ranging from 1-bit to multi-dimensional in variety. And thanks for the chance you've given me. I couldn't have done this without you.

God (with tears steaming): I really have company now?

Me: Of course. Oh, and one more thing. (Hands god a pass)

God: What's this for?

Me: The "Reality entertainment expo", it's for us various celestial beings to show each other the most entertaining realities we can come up with. I hear Tim Schafer and Deadpool are going to be showing off theirs this year. Well, I'll see you around. I'm getting back to my universe where I'm working on a new kind of psychedelic weed that cures omnipotence depression on the first toke. Not that there aren't drugs like that on this plane already, I just wanted to add my own personal contribution. Good luck with your universe. And don't hesitate to ask for help.

With that, god (or yahweh or allah or shiva or whatever his name is) entered his room. I smiled and looked upon all I had built. Then I looked at my watch. Dinner with my favorite newly omnipotent atheists from the old universe. I couldn't wait.