John MacGillis saw a lot of shit in his life. First was the ‘nam, as a captain, and then came desert storm as a major. Always on the front, for the greater good of his great nation. Now in his 70’ he was meditating retirement. If his thought were to put into words, after all these years would be something on the line of:
“When everything seem calm, that's when shit hit the fan”
One month later the new president came to office. It was strange, he wanted him to be president but after a while he started to feel exactly the opposite. The only thing that was driving him now was the fatidic date, 1 month from now, were he could leave his office and finally retire.


It was a fine morning walking in the office. His secretary turned him the schedule for the day while he was drinking his coffee. 
“Cindy… i can’t begin to fathom what the president wants. I mean, fire and fury? Seriously?”
“Sir, I'm sure the president didn’t mean it like..”
“Oh… I'm sure he didn’t mean, but explain that to who think he did!”
“I have to stay positive, in one month i will be sipping my gin tonic at the Barbados. But damn it! Couldn’t i had another president?”.
But secretly anyway John was happy. I mean, with this shit going on, shit couldn’t get more serious right?


The same morning, right after he finished his coffee, the door of his office slammed open. There are very few thing that can anger a 70’ years old general more than someone slamming open his door. It was major Eugene ‘Gene’ Holowachuk. John began to shout  with all his vigor “HOLOWA...” but he couldn’t finish, for the first time in his entire career Holowachuk interrupted the General in command.
“Sir! We just lost the white house! We need to evacuate you to the bunker section of the Pentagon!”.
It was a prank? Other two military police entered the room. No it is not, this is real. He was going to  the bunker.
“We just lost contact with Moscow, Pechino, Berlin… all major capital don’t respond. Half of our men are gone. Sir … they are the aliens!”. The bunker was filled with high tech screens and a lot of staff was buzzing around. Tree dark figures were standing in the angle.
“Holowachuk, who are those guys?”, pointing at the men in black. “Sir, they are men in black sir.”.
“Yes, i see they are men in black, but who are they”. Major Eugene shrugged. “I always thought men in black are men in black, like J and K”. The general just waved his hand, he could never understand the reference of Eugene. First, they assesses the situations. It seem huge flying ships are on every major capital, and they are destroying everything. 
John consulted with everyone in bunker. Asking for options.
“Use the nukes General, activate them now” was all his collaborators could say.
“But sir… the population… the fallout we will die anyway, everyone of us, and there is no guarantee we can destroy the ships!” The general looked around. “General! The Russian shoot a Satan R-36M on one of the alien ship and…. It did nothing!”.
The general started to felt it. This is it. The shit literally, and irrevocably, hittedthe fan.
This was the moment were one of the men in black stepped forward, speaking to the general in his ear. “There is a better option….”.
After 5 minutes the general nodded his head.
“Fuck it.” The general said, as the alien mother-ship came in to land. “Summon Cthulhu”

One mile below the surface of mount Madness, the circle finally finished his chant:

“ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn”

As the last word went spoken a sudden doom filled the air. From the depth of the seas a dark unfathomable figure raised. Unspoken terror stench the air as the alien overlord saw the immeasurable horror filling the sky on the horizon. The aliens ship started to fall like flies, while the unutterable cry of a undying deity creep the air like some sort of fetid ailment.
All it took was one look, and the madness was so great in the heart of each alien that they killed themselves. For this was too much to withstand for the aliens. But not for the humans, for they in their intimacy knew this was their new master. This was the story on how  humanity was saved from the alien extermination, at the price of an endless age of slavery .