The Angelic voices of 3,000 members of the United Unitarian Universalist Church bounced off of the interior of the 40,000 square foot auditorium, and bounced towards the roof, nearly 200 feet from the ground and filled with the natural Sunday Morning light. In fact, looking around the auditorium and each member now singing the praises of their God, all color was noticeably absent, and the walls, furniture and clothing of each member in the auditorium were all pure white, seemingly cut from one large piece of fabric and they believed that through their singing, this cloth would one day be reunited. After 15 minutes of beautiful, angelic harmonic singing hymns, the congregation sat down and attentively listened to the impassioned speech of the church pastor whose face was broadcast across multiple screens within the church so that everyone could see.

God looked down over his flock, and felt a warmth in his heart and he knew that he had made the right decision in not flooding earth for a 2nd time, and this experiment seemed to be doing much better than the first. Exhaling a deep sigh of relief, God looked away from his projection of the church scene, and stood up from his throne in order to give his back and legs a bit of a stretch. Letting out an audible yawn, God took two steps down a velvet-covered Altar and took a look at the time: 10:37 A.M. and he told Mrs. God he would be home by 10:30. Quickly turning off the lights in his one-room office space, decorated with family photographs from previous vacation, God quickly grabbed his coat from behind the door, shut off the lights and locked his office door. Attempting to save as much time as possible, God quickly hurried his footsteps in the direction of his house.  

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Returning to his front door, God unlocked it and quickly rushed in, slammed the door and threw his coat onto a side-room of his 3 bedroom apartment with recently updated Kitchen appliances. as God began to separate into his three constituent parts, which assembled adequately recreate the human form, but apart represent a strange assortment of mechanical, robotic 'creatures'. 

'Honey, I'm home! Sorry I'm late..." God began thinking up an excuse for his tardiness, when he began to wonder why he hadn't heard his wife yet. His form continued to separate into the three machinations, as the portion which generally constituted his head, neck and upper torso (while in human form) began to hover, flying from room to room searching for his wife. 

"Honey? Honey?" God kept calling out when he was about to turn into the last bedroom of their apartment on Boston's South Side, when he felt a pair of eyes on him, immediately spinning around to see a uniformed Plumber drop his tools and stare in amazed bewilderment at the floating torso 30 feet in front of him down the hall. 

\[to be continued\]