The party double check their gear each preparing in their own way. The fighter, Joe, checked the sharpness of his blade. Theolin, the cleric prayed to their god asking for the power to protect their friends and self. While the rogue, Jahall, made sure to poison her blade hoping to slow the body while keeping her victim aware.

Jahall looked around bored they had been hired to do a job yet here Theolin was lighting incenses she sighed, they did it every time why even have a cleric for aid if it takes a hour or so to be useful. It always made her feel stuffy and- her train of thought was lost as she sneezed hard her head feeling heavy the incense giving her a dream like feel. She smiles as her impulsive nature gets the better of her. She could kill the necromancer her way with out having to hear about mercy and compassion nonsense. Her body felt heavy and weighted down thanks that nasty smelling incense. She sneezed again before deciding to leave her gear behind for "Joe the mule" to carry going into the cave alone with just her knife and armor.

Theolin sat there still while their incenses burned as Joe looked on with awe at the deep meditative state he wondered what it was like to talk with the gods but had always been too nervous to ask Theolin. After a few minutes Joe stood up to leave them in peace. He looked around for Jahall but only saw her pack he sighed tempted to look around but the scar on his face from finding her in the bushes was a keen reminder that some times it's better to wait nature to take it's course. His mind begins to wander recalling a rather "rememberable" dream he had last night while they rested the figure with shapely curves and stron- a scream from the cave snapped him out of a memory best left for another time. He rushed towards the source long sword in hand as he hears Jahall pleading deep in the cave before it was cut short.

Theolin jumped startled from their nap the incense always made them feel sleepy and they figured one of the other two would wake them once it was time to go. Theolin stood up just in time to see Joe moving into the cave. Theolin grabbed their holy symbol and moved to follow Joe. The air was rich in a metalic smell and death moving carefully in the dark cave they noticed bodies of dead adventures and a few disarmed traps. Theolin thanked Desna for the caves where wickedness hides in to always being a single path. After a few minutes they entered a large candel lit chamber they see Joe threatening a cloaked female adding a comment to "do you mind closing your robes or getting clothes?"  Theolin honestly wasn't expecting a response but felt the urger to say it none the less.  To their right Theolin noticed the body of Jahall laying on her side in a pool of her own blood her throat slit eyes wide with terror in and her knife in her hand.

The sound of combat snapped Theolin out of it realizing that they were done talking and fighting they casted their first spell hoping to guide Joe's blade to strike true. Theolin watched Joe take a step towards the nercomancer pulling a spear out of its holster to help keep a few extra feet of reach. The nercomancer takes a big step back and starts to cast a spell but Joe spear shoots out stabbing at the spell caster distrupting it bad enough that the nercomancer stumbles. Suddenly the combat seems to break a slight pause. Theolin's mind trying to recall a spell before settling on a old fall back raising their holy weapon they call out causing a starknife to appear. Joe strikes the nercomancer hard impaling her and cries out his battle cry "Go Joe!" The Nercomancer begins to chuckle growing into roaring laughter as she pushes against the weapons her skull pushing against her skin starting to rip it she says "you were expecting a mage but it is I" her words are lost to just clacking of teeth. Theolin vomits they were not prepared for today.


((Figured make a D&D game style story from the character view feel free to guess what is happening))