We were standing there on the edge of Dallsworth Cliffs, watching the breakers a hundred feet below. I'd been drinking again. I had a little airplane bottle of vodka in my breast pocket and whenever Ian bent over to pick up a throwing rock or examine a bug I'd take a little sip without him seeing. I wondered if he could smell my breath. 

"Dad," he said, standing there on the edge with the void behind him, "are the clouds candy?"

"No," I said. I wanted to go on, to explain that they were water, but I didn't trust myself to say anything without slurring. The years since Anne had left were a blur of drink; a marathon of binges and benders and waking up in the backseat of my car. I watched him turn over a rotten branch and examine the critters underneath.  He looked like her. Like Anne. I could still remember her face on the night she left, flushed red with anger and pain. "How could you?", she had asked, "he was just a little boy. He needed you. You should have protected him."

Wait, that wasn't right. What had she meant by that? I took another sip and watched Ian, our son, as he ran through the grass along the edge of the cliff. Suddenly, my head was throbbing.

I saw a flash in front of my eyes, an image. A sterile hospital room with a buzzing fluorescent light. I knew this room, it was at the Naval hospital, on base near my office. Was this a memory, or a dream I'd had? There was a bed there in the middle of the hospital room. Something was under the sheet. Anne was crying. "Why?" she said, over and over. In the dream, I stood next to her, unsure of what to do, wondering if I should touch her, hold her. But I'd been drunk, too drunk to do anything but stand there and sway and will myself to stay upright.

"Daddy!" Ian said. He'd run back over to me and now he had his arms around my leg. I looked down at him and smiled. 

"I love you, bud," I said. I could feel tears forming in my eyes. "Daddy's going to be a better daddy from now on. I promise."

His eyes were black. My heart skipped.

"Ian," I said, bending over, "your eyes..."

I lost my balance sat down hard in the dirt. My head was spinning from alcohol. What had happened to my son? To his eyes? It had suddenly become very hard to focus. I had only had the two glasses before we left and then one small bottle on the drive, the same size as the one in my pocket. I couldn't be that drunk. Something else was happening.

My son walked towards me, black eyes peering out from a pale face. He didn't look like Anne at all now. I tried to get up but found I could not.

"He was just a little boy!" Anne had screamed. This was no appeal to God, no rhetorical cry. She was speaking to me. Accusing me right there in my own living room. The memory was fresh. I'd reached instinctively for the bottle I always kept in my pocket and she slapped me for it. I could still feel the sting of it, even then on the cliff with Ian, so many years later. I deserved it, after all. What kind of man kills his own son?

I killed my son, I said to myself. I killed him.

"Father" Ian said. He was standing over me, looking down at me. The bottle was in my hand; I hadn't remembered pulling it out. 

"The Navy trusts you with their defenses. But they shouldn't. You could not even defend me. You could not even defend me from yourself."

This wasn't right. None of this was right. I tried to stand but Ian had a hand on my shoulder. He was impossibly strong; too strong for a little boy, too strong for a little boy who'd died in my arms as the alcohol swirled in my veins and the remains of our car smoldered just off the road. How had we gotten here? Where were we? This was not a place I knew, I suddenly realized.

"Ian!" I screamed. I put my hand around his leg and laid my head at his feet. "Ian, I am sorry. IM SORRY!"

"The defenses father." Ian said. "Tell me. You cannot be trusted."

He was right. I took another sip and told him everything.






