The sound was thunderous as the door came crashing down. I was sitting in the living room, in my favourite sofa chair, I'd just prepared myself a small snack and poured a few fingers worth of my favourite whisky which was called Four Roses. I'd been looking forward to this moment the whole week as I'd managed to get the water to booze ratio *just so*. And the snacks I'd prepared were small crackers made out of flour and seaweed that I'd carefully salted to perfection.

So, freeze moment and observe the living room. Me: In my chair, just about to crack a smile. Door: About to buckle inwards from the sheer force of the tac miniram the team had just put into action.

And now, in slow motion you can propel time forward and see how the door slowly opens. Now you can see the soundwaves emanating from it, they reach my ears, zoom as electrical signals up to my brain, disrupting my tranquil space. Shattering the soothing pond in my mind.

GO GO GO! I hear one of the men shout as they all file in and carefully check all the angles as they move through my home. They're wearing the latest tactical gear. Hardened thermoreactive myokev jackets, very expensive, pretty much guaranteed to stop anything except perhaps a nuclear blast or a powerful bomb. Great faceplates too, probably good against situations where you'd have psiABMC onsite. Their sidearms were a version of Smith & Wesson I hadn't seen before, a bit bulkier, most likely to accommodate a higher caliber. But what caught my eye was the actual rifles they were sporting, oddly enough they were regular MP5SDs with seemingly a normal stock and magazine variant. 

I couldn't see much else since they quickly surrounded me after that and the captain whispered "get ready men, here they come". Then the shooting started and shattered whatever semblance of peace there was in my small home. The walls were shredded, the windows shot out, one of the men brought out a panel and pressed a button and an explosion from the remains of the front door made someones day a very bad one. Three minutes and twelve seconds after the explosion, all the men drew their sidearms and started shooting, one of them just exploded into a bloody mist while another clawed at his eyes until he'd ripped them out. 

The remaining men then drew their knifes, long beautiful carbon filament blades that had that extra sheen that informed you that they were sharp as fuck and most likely more than met the eye. And eyes they met as the men sliced and diced and cut their way through the enemies coming in through all entrances possible. I heard a digging sound from above and looked up from my chair to see two very long claws emerge from the ceiling. I sat there in the midst of the battle, perfectly serene and watched with fascination as it dug a hole it could squeeze through. Then after some time it started to get ready to pounce. I calmly emptied my glass and pulled out my sidearm and shot the thing in the center of it's forehead where it's control pentagram was.

My shot seemed to mark the end of the engagement as everybody just stood there breathing and panting. One man laid whimpering in a corner and was probably bleeding out. I stood up and pulled out my stopwatch and pressed the button.

I looked around angrily and stared daggers at all the men that stood around me. I started "So, does anyone know what happened here? ... Anyone? I expect an explanation for this fuck-up NOW!"

The men looked sheepish and their captain on the floor tried to say something but blood kept pouring out of his mouth. I gave him a look and said "No, you shut up or you're just going to cost me extra in rehab money, also you're off the team Lucas, you hear that? OFF.THE.TEAM! Your performance here was absolutely shit, in fact shit would probably feel insulted by your poor display of tactics here today. Seriously, THE FUCK did you just do? Anyone can explain this idiots reasoning? ANYONE?"

I looked around for a bit to make my point clear, I was pissed. I took a cracker from the tray now covered in dust and inspected it before taking a bit out of it. It tasted like paper now, the magic was gone apparently. I started walking around the room, taking in the details while I continued "So, you all decided together with captain asshat here that running headfirst into an unknown area would be a good idea. Then at least one of you had a brainwave and set up a claymore mine at the door. Good job, whomever that was. But nobody thought of putting down siguls or wards, or deterrents or EVEN FUCKING CHANTING ANYTHING! Why?! I've said it a million times, they attack from all directions, reality, unreality and then the aether, you can't just rely on weapons or you'll end up like Holmes and Grimes here. See what he did? He clawed his eyes out because one of them probably made him think it was a good idea, probably gave him a fucking boner too while he did it. And if you could say one thing to Holmes, it'd be that he should have kept his goddamn suit on, which he didn't because I saw that idiot unbutton the first part of his vest, MAKING IT USELESS!

I'm going to have the team bring those two idiots back, but they much like captain ass- .. oh wait, he's dead isn't he? goddamn waste of air. Fuck it, MEN FALL IN LINE AND BACK TO THE BARRACKS! I'll see you all tomorrow for your weekend punishment, because leave is obviously cancelled. Now get the fuck out of my face"

As the men filed out of the room, I brushed off the debris from the table, sat down and poured myself another few ounces of whisky and ate another cracker. I pondered how infinite lifes little surprises were and how pleasure was truly in the mind of the person experiencing it. I also smirked at the thought of putting the team back together again. They were shaping up faster than I'd hoped, but you couldn't let them in on that or they'd get comp- a shot rang out suddenly and Lucas slumped back towards the wall again. Eyes once more blind to the world as they should be.

Goddamn, they didn't even get a rez shield up... fucking amateurs. I grimly smiled and resolved to do my best to turn their weekend into a living hell. And ironically, that's where we were headed after all....

