It was a simple favor, watching the boy. My free time had never been occupied with much else, and the boy didn't go from place to place too often. This city can be dangerous for an adult, even more dangerous for a teenager, so when my long-time friend asked me to keep tabs on him I obliged. I thought it would be an easy task.

Somewhere along the way I realized I could never come into contact with the boy. Everything would end. The entire world would collapse. 

It was one morning that I had realized the change. What mysterious world rules were at work there? The morning was odd, different, but also the same. *Déjà vu*, I had thought. I felt as if I had experienced that morning before, but in a different way. *That specific morning.* For whatever reason, in that moment, I found myself wondering if light had shone through the boy's blinds and woke him with peaceful gentleness. It was an odd thought, the first clue that something that day was amiss.

*The boy looks so similar to his mother,* I found myself reflecting as I peered at him through the rifle's lens. His fur a beautiful burnt orange, black tipped ears, white tipped tail, and a white pattern of fur from his lower jaw, likely ending around the bottom of his stomach. *Just like his mother*. The fur atop his head, between his ears, was longer. A white strip ran between his ears. A pretty little haircut for a pretty little fox.

A snapped back into reality. I felt odd for watching the boy more than I should be. I'm to be looking out for his safety and nothing else. 

For a while, things were back to normal. But somewhere in the back of my mind I knew I could never meet the boy in person. Things got a little more complicated once the boy took to the rooftops as his transportation. The rooftops were my playing field, so it became a little harder to remain unseen by the boy. Then one day, my cover was blown. 

The boy had ran down an alley to get to a ladder and ascend to the rooftops, but was stopped by a crook. The badger held a blade near the boy's throat, telling him to empty his pockets. I found myself from the top of the building down to the side of the criminal before the boy could even get his hand out of his pocket. I pulled the mugger off of the boy and slammed my knee into his stomach, sending the thief's blade clattering across the pavement, then I gripped him by the sweater he wore and slammed him into a brick wall, knocking him unconscious. 

I turned my attention back to the boy and he was gone. *Damn,* I thought, scanning the area. The boy had scaled the ladder and made t to the top of the building. I followed quickly in his footsteps to make sure he didn't get himself into any more danger. 

After following behind him a few minutes, I realized he was headed towards his apartment. The boy didn't know these rooftops as well as I. I took a shortcut to cut the boy off before he arrived at his destination. I needed him to not fear me, that would only make my job harder.

When the boy had reached me, he stopped dead in his tracks. He breathed hard and looked at me with shock, maybe fear as well. "Why are you following me?", the boy shouted towards me between heaved breaths. I opened my mouth to reply, and my heart skipped a beat as I realized the world would end right here with our meeting. But it didn't. "Your mother asked me to look out for you," I explained "I'm just making sure you're safe." 

The boy gave me an odd look before saying "Ok." That was the end of our conversation. 


NOTE: Will write more later but I have to get ready for work right now :) 