It was 6 months ago that the bombs began to fall.

Little ones, like a light rain from the sky, except this rain contained the most deadly viruses known to man. Smallpox, the plague, anthrax, you name it, even some things that were whipped up so quickly that they didn't even have names.

Nukes followed, bringing a heat like the world had never seen before. Oceans boiled. Tectonic plates bristled with the impact of a force never before seen. And when the dust settled, the Earth glowed with a dim brown light.

When God is dead and literal omnipotence is on the line, things like morals and ethics go out the window. After all, once you win the election, you'll just bring everyone back, like nothing ever happened. At least, the ones you feel like bringing back. And the surest way to win an election is to make sure nobody else votes. That was the theory anyway. 

We just failed to consider what would happen if no one was left to vote.

India had it worst of all. The largest population was immediately the largest threat. In the first hour, the surface of the Earth could be seen to curve inward.

China was next, followed by Russia, the United States, and then just everywhere else. Everyone else. In the final hours, when it was clear the vote would come down to hundreds of people and not billions, even the ocean was targeted, every ship and island they could find. By the end of the day, no person on Earth was left alive.

&nbsp;

And so, the fight for godhood came down to just 6 people, floating in a tiny metal bucket 250 miles above the Earth as millions died below.

At first, we had an agreement. We intended to be peaceful. We had rules, decisions, meetings. We debated what course of action we would take, should one of us be elected. Should we make everything just as it was? Or would we make the world a better place, as we saw fit? The vote was divided, and so were we.

A few hours later, the three Russians disappeared. Without even stopping to talk or say goodbye, they left the room and headed to the Russian module. They knew what had to happen. I quickly took Hikaru and Judy to Destiny module on the other side of the station to prepare. For hours, we sat, breathless, listening for the faint sound that would come from the sealed door being opened between modules, signalling that the attack would begin.

Hikaru was at the door when it breached. Armed with nothing but a shard of glass from a broken coffee pot, and somehow he managed to slash through Anatoly's suit and into his jugular, before going down himself. Droplets of blood sprayed throughout the cabin, floating in zero-G like so many red water balloons.

As soon as we heard the screams, Judy packed the explosives and headed off, sealing the door behind her. The shock reverberated through the whole module, but as our calculations had predicted, the walls of my module held and theirs did not. Vladimir died in the blast, and was lucky for it; I watched Boris float off into the distance afterwards, with so many hours of oxygen left in his pack to sit and think.

&nbsp;

6 months of dry rations and recycled water left, and here I am. The vote popped up in my mind, accompanied by an entirely inappropriate heavenly chorus and a single name, in embellished golden script. As I mentally checked my own name, I felt the power pass into me. Think, and it would be true. Wonder, and it would be known. Imagine, and it would be real.

I've already decided what I'm going to do. Bring everyone back, then not say a word. Carry on where the old God left off, like nothing ever happened. It's probably for the best; I'm sure I'd make a terrible God if I tried to stick my nose into anything, and of course, anything that I'm sure of is true.

But, at least for a little while, I'm going to stay like this, just a man in a can. Floating through space, sorting through it all. Watching the stars shine in the emptiness of the night sky, alone with all the power in the universe.

And yet, it feels so empty.