I had just finished putting the finishing touches on my paladin's character sheet.  Ah, classic Dungeons and Dragons 3.5, the best version available.  Call my old fashioned, but there's just something so refreshing about playing a goody goody character with a strict moral code.  And heck, playing D&D was a great distraction from my boring real life - bank teller by day, dangerous rogue by night.  Well, not this time.  This time, I was going to be playing a hero.

As I placed my blue dice into my special Crown Royal bag, the room started to spin faster and faster until I must have passed out, because when I opened my eyes I was face-to-face with what looked like an actual, real wizard complete with pale blue robes, spellbook, and ioun stones floating around his head.  To my surprise, when he spoke I could understand him.  "Finally, a Demon worthy of my power!  You do look quite fearsome!"  He looked quite pleased with himself.

I rubbed my eyes again and pinched myself.  No, not dreaming.  This was...rather shocking.  Pretending to fight against monsters was one thing, but to actually be summoned and identified as one...?  Did he really think I was a Demon?  I looked at my hands.  They still appeared to be your basic human hands.

I noticed the chalk circle on the floor studded with lit candles at random intervals.  I tried to nudge the chalk with my foot, but I was instantly repelled backwards.  I sighed, and I could only hope that the same rules of all the fantasy games I'd ever played in my life would also apply to this strange place, wherever I was.  "What is it that you want of me?"

"Simple, Demon.  I have a list of tasks for you to complete, and should you succeed, I will grant you freedom."  The wizard tossed a scroll through the barrier.  I scooped it up quickly.  I was a bit excited.  A real quest?  My life was now infinitely more exciting than it was a few minutes ago.  My eyes scanned the first request: 'Acquire a Night Lily from the Garden of the Magus.'  I had no idea where or what that was, exactly, but I nodded.

"Give me all the information you have on this Garden, and I'll start working on a plan..."  The wizard's eyes widened in surprise, and he smiled.  Oh yes, this was going to be fun....