Alex was really into video games. I met him in UChicago where he was studying maths. He was working on video games with his friend Jason, and wanted me to join them. Being something of a gamedev myself, I was more than happy to oblige. 

I meet him after class at his "office" to discuss my joining. In the office, I find Alex waiting with Jason, along with other people I don't recognize. "It is important", Alex says, "that you share our vision". I have heard that line many times from many companies - I don't pay much heed and nod along.

Alex said while pointing to a seven-point list "We have a plan - a seven step plan - that will help us achieve our final goal...". Finally, it seems like he's about to get to his point, I think to myself. "... Of taking over the world"

"WHAT!" I let out unprepared. What I expected to be a routine pitch to hire an employee for "small startup" rates suddenly turned into a joke.

"Are you serious?" I say laughing "How did you go from making video games to overthrowing the earth? Is this a joke?". Obviously, the dead serious look on everyone's faces said otherwise.

"Aah, another one who doubts our vision. You're not the first, you won't be the last. Keep laughing. We'll see who has the last laugh when you're shot into the sun" says Alex. At this point, I can't tell if this is crazy or he's gonna point at a hidden camera. I walk out of the room, never to hear from them again.

Fast forward to today. I always thought this was a practical joke or "social experiment" - for such a "Pinky and the Brain"-esque plan would never succeed. I read something today which brought all the memories back - the office, the company and, the plan. I remember point Six - "Stage bloody coup of parent company". I stare at the news and realize they might be closer to world domination than I hoped.

"Microsoft Acquires Bungie"

A chill goes down my spine. "Oh well", I think to myself "I won't be cold for longer."

*(This is a fully imaginary story - no real people/events here whatsoever)*