We hand the tickets to the overly enthusiastic gatekeeper.

*Renaissance Festival Weekend Pass September 21st, 2018.*

We walk through the enormous black metal gates and seemingly fall back in time. We are greeted by the overwhelming smell of gyros and turkey legs, which everyone seems to be eating. The women are dressed similar to me, in long skirts with high slits, and revealing blouses. The men are mostly drunk and have beer stains on their light colored shirts.

It rained yesterday, so it is more humid than normal. The grass is hidden by the overwhelming amount of mud that has taken over. It begins to sprinkle as we hop over a puddle on our way deeper into the renaissance festival. I can see the carriage trails from the $10 rides they were offering at the front gate. I wonder if this is what it was like in the 15thcentury. Well, besides indoor plumbing that some genius invented.

We meet with our friends and a night of drinking ensues. I am happily drunk. I see Harry standing by a gypsy wagon plastered with all of the colors of the rainbow. I prance over to the wagon, hoping the gypsy lady has water. The smell of incense takes over the smell of the port-o-potties, thankfully. I creep behind Harry and grab his bum and stand on my tiptoes to kiss his ear.

“Hungry?” Harry grins at me. He was already chomping away at a pleasantly crisp gyro.

“No, just thirsty” I remarked, looking to the gypsy to see what she had to offer.

“Tea.” She said with an ominous grin. I think it was supposed to be a question, and I didn’t want tea but I was quite thirsty for something other than mead.

“Water would be great, actually”.

“Tea?” she again suggested.

“Sure, thanks.” I look to Harry and he shrugs his muscular shoulders in confusion.

She brings me hot tea that she was eager to sell, and I hand over three dollars in return. I grab Harry’s hand and we walk away from the awkward exchange with the gypsy woman.

I begin sipping the tea and the more I drink, the more vibrant colors begin to form around me. I can see colors that don’t have a name. I look to Harry, he flashes the biggest grin I’ve ever seen, and I grow tired.

I wake up the next morning with an obnoxious, pounding headache. Fuck, I hate hangovers. The temperature dropped significantly over night. It must be 50 degrees! I roll over in bed to grab my phone, only to find I am lying in straw.

“Harry?” I confusingly ask as my eyes adjust to the morning light.

“Harry!” I call for him again.

The orange glow from the sunrise peak through the windows and bounce off the straw on the ground, making the barn I am in have a golden glow to it.

I look around the barn and see nothing I was expecting to. Where am I?

I drag myself off of the ground and to my wobbly, unstable legs.

Harry is nowhere to be found. This “barn” more resembles a large wooden shack with golden straw on the ceiling and the floor. There are silver weapons stacked in no particular order that reflect off the rising sun. The weapons must be what the actors use in the renaissance theater. Wait! Maybe I am in the theater…but how did I end up in their prop room? And why is it so damn cold?

I look through the glassless window and see the most beautiful colors in the sky that I have ever seen. The sun is sinking below the horizon, tugging the deep blue, pink, and blood red colors that engulf the sky along with it. The black of the night slowly submerges the sun into submission.

How did I manage to sleep through the whole day? And why didn’t Harry wake me? He would be so pissed if I let him sleep through the day after paying for these tickets. I walk out of the shack, determined to find him. He’s probably at our tent, or at the meadery from...

The smell of manure overwhelms my nostrils, and something else that makes me gag. Fires light the cobblestone pathway to many shops, pubs, and hotels. I can feel judging eyes stare at me as I walk toward the “Inn”. It is beginning to dawn on me, that I am not at the renaissance festival anymore, but where the hell am I?

I cautiously walk in to the “Inn” and glaring eyes tell me I do not belong. There are a group of men sitting by the fire in the left corner of the Inn, sipping on something other than water. They are increasingly loud as one tells a joke. They are wearing black, weird shaped hats that I sometimes see in movies. They have on colored long coats that stop at their knees, with stockings that correspond to their red or blue coats. They all have British accents, which I love. What are the chances that all of those men have an accent? I listen in admiration. Once they notice me staring, they begin to pay close attention to me, some even getting angry by my presence.

I reach the woman at the desk, who is looking at me with disgust. She has on puffy, blue dress that is not at all revealing. The sleeves descend down to her wrists and a white lace peaks through the end, reaching for her fingers. Her scrunched face and glaring eyes continue to scan me, and takes certain interest to my upper left arm.

“Where is your band?” She judgingly asks me in a British accent.

My band? What the fuck is this lady talking about?

“Excuse me, what?

“Your band! Where is it!”

“I’m sorry, I don’t know what you’re referring to” I reply.

She gave me a confused stare.

“Referring? What? You’re a whore, I presume. You’re missing the red band around your left arm. What are you doing in here, anyway? Are you drunk? The whore house is not too far away!”

Anger fills my belly. I begin to feel sick, something isn’t right.

“I am not a whore, I am just looking for somewhere to st-“

“Penelope, hi darling. What happened to you? Did someone steal your dresses again? Come with me, darling. Please excuse her, my lady. My wife is having a rough day, aren’t you, Penelope?”

He pinches his eyebrows together and his hard face stares at me with a concerned look. I trust him. I don’t know why, but I do. He is wearing a ridiculous outfit, not at all the typical style men are wearing at the renaissance fair. He has on white tights that disappear at his upper thigh and a skirt to cover the rest of his lower half. He has on a blue vest over a white long sleeve shirt that tucks into his blue velvet skirt. I glance down and see his long, pointed shoes. I let out a little chuckle.

“Yes, um, I…my dresses were stolen…again.”

“Come along, Penelope”.

I walk towards him and his eyes lock to mine. He has green eyes. They look worried, or maybe sad. I’m not sure. He stares back at me and I feel as if he is looking straight through me. I quickly move my eyes to the ground as I reach him. He grabs my arm with an alarmingly tight grip and he pulls me into a stride.

“Do not let her down here looking that way again, Nicholas!” The woman called out. Nicholas waved her away.

The silence is deafening as we walk down the stone halls toward his room. This is a nice hotel, or “Inn”, or whatever this place is called. The stone is soft and grey, lining the ceiling, walls, and floor. I didn’t expect there to be a place like this in Houston. Though, it is beginning to dawn on me that I may not be in Houston anymore. Maybe I was kidnapped and I woke up days later to discover my new reality. I am not sure, but Nicholas seems to know something. I will save my questions for him, I suppose. I stare at him as we hurriedly march down the hall. His blonde hair bounces off his shoulders with each step he takes. He has a shadow on his face from where the hair is peaking through his pores. The hair follows a straight line along the square jaw of his face and stops at his soft, plump lips. We reach a wooden door to which he pulls out large, silver keys to unlock the door. We enter the room, and he lights a lantern that is sitting on a desk. He must live here. There are colorful clothes hanging in the open and more ridiculously ugly shoes.

The smile that was so welcoming fades from his face as he scrunches his dark eyebrows together once again.

“What year are you from?” He sternly asks me.