I twirled the pen in my fingers, careful not to slice it into pieces with my carefully painted claws. The blank computer screen was mocking me, I could feel it. I had a report due to my boss in two days and I had no idea what the fuck to write. It was some regular schmuck that was out for revenge against his coworker. Do you have any idea how boring that is? I can barely write a sentence, let alone a full report!

When I said I wanted a life off of the front lines, this wasn’t what I had in mind. 

Whatever, this beat answering to horny guys who couldn’t keep it in their pants and ripping the wings off of angels. Well... ripping wings was pretty fun. The other? Not so much. 

“Tsubasa, you’ve got a call,”

“Oh thank Satan,” I lurched up off my seat and snatched the black leather jacket off the back of my office chair, putting it on my shoulders over the gold dress I had worn to work today. Stopping by the mirror, I fixed my long black hair, moving it around my horns before opening a portal. 

I opened my eyes only to see a plain room. The walls were painted pastel green, and the plain bed was far too small for any adult. Looking down, I saw a little girl staring up at me from the shoddy summoning circle she had scrawled into her carpet-

Where did she even get blood?

“Aren’t you far too young to be summoning demons from Hell, sweetheart?”

Fucking hell, I’m going to have to yell at Kole to do his damn job when I get back. 

“I don’t...I don’t care! Please help me!”

I opened my mouth to reject her. Her soul was far too young to suffer in hell, and Satan had put out the edict himself to prohibit accepting deals from minors. Yet, some still made it through, apparently. 

“You brat! Where the fuck are you?!”

Heavy footsteps resounded throughout the house, too sloppy to belong to a sober man. 

“What the fuck did you do with the rest of my booze?!”

I looked down at her, raising a brow. 

“I... I dumped it down the toilet,” She dropped her head and I sighed, before placing a hand on her head. 

“You did good, kid,” 

The footsteps came closer, the angry voice louder. 

“Hide!” She grabbed my wrist and dragged me under the bed with her. The little girl managed to fit if she curled up enough, but my legs stuck out the other side. Ah, whatever. The man couldn’t see me anyways. 

“I know you’re in here, you little bitch! What the hell is all this shit, anyways?! You’re cleaning this up!” I wrinkled my nose at the overwhelming stench of alcohol. 

“I want my sister...” She trembled and I stroked her hair. 

“What happened?”

“He invited some strange man and they talked to my sister before my dad left them alone. She was crying really hard after. She’s gone now,” She started trembling harder. The man’s hand appeared under the bed and started feeling around. The girl shrunk away, and I scowled. I shoved my wrist into his hand, and let him pull me out. I stood to my full height of seven feet and unfolded my black crow’s wings, baring my fangs. 

“Wh-What the fuck-“

Reaching out, I cradled his atrocious face in my hands, and opened my mouth. His body convulsed before falling limp as his soul left his body and into my mouth. I dropped him to the floor and reached out to the child. 

“It’s okay,” I cooed, and she slowly crawled out. “Call 911, say he died of liver failure. Please don’t try to summon demons from Hell again, they might not be as nice as me,”

I pressed a kiss to her forehead, left my contact, and left. 

~x~x~

With a satisfying click, I sent in my report and stretched, glancing out the window of my office. The benefit of being an ex-general: my office had the best view of the fire fields and the magma lake. 

I saw a familiar figure and opened my window to get a closer look. 

A satisfying grin split my face as I saw the man’s wrists and feet bound my shackles, being led straight to Gluttony’s fields. 

I wonder how that little girl’s doing. 

“Alaric, I’m heading out!”

“Wait, you didn’t get a call-“

“Don’t care!”

I opened a portal and, with a wave, stepped back into the human realm. 