“The Darwin Act,” Mack thought, “how stupid!”

“Sir? I can help you here.”

Mack looked up from his phone’s screen and saw the barista motioning him over. He stepped up, placed his order, and was handed a tall cup of piping hot coffee. As he grabbed it Mack looked at the lid. Blank. No worries, holding the side of the cup told him all he needed to know – the stuff inside was hot.

The Duty to Act Responsibly Without Individual Notice Act, colloquially known as the Darwin Act, had passed after a bitter fight. The alignment of the various pro and con groups, however, surprised many. Most surprising might have been the so-called “Trial Lawyers.” Proponents of the Act openly acknowledged that one significant objective was the elimination of “ridiculous and lengthy” lawsuits brought by Trial Lawyers. Yet the Trial Lawyers simply sat this one out (though the group did refer to it as the “Law of Unintended Consequences”).

Reaching his office Mack sat down at his desk and pulled out his yogurt. In contrast to the coffee cup lid, this lid was unchanged. It still showed a date beyond which consumption was not recommended (this one was good for another three weeks).

Mack remembered the fighting that took place over food labels after the Darwin Act had passed. The Act itself comprised all of one page. As originally proposed it was seventeen pages, but was pared down significantly as one group or another took issue with various parts. Ironically, a large section that quoted from “On The Origin of Species” had to be completely removed along with any reference to the work. At bottom, it meant that the contours of the Act would be left to regulations and the courts.

On food labeling, some proponents argued that a pure interpretation of the Act meant expiration type labels were a form of “warning label” and therefore must be excised. One public interest group, the self-styled “Naturally Selected,” observed that when the Constitution was written, James Madison would have been personally responsible for deciding whether the food on his table was fit for consumption. Ultimately, that position was rejected. (In yet another surprise, it was the food companies themselves that opposed that view. They strongly supported having “throw out” dates on their products.)

The day passed quickly, as it always did for Mack. He loved his work and he was always busy. Even so, he couldn’t help but notice all of the “non-warning” labels around the office. The Act had not just eliminated such labels going forward, but to “level the playing field” mandated that existing labels be removed. In many instances the labels were not tags or stickers, but were molded into the product itself. Compliance in such cases meant a sticker covering the warning. Hence, while Mack had little desire to poke his fingers into the spinning blades of his desk fan, the blank gray sticker covering the warning inevitably reminded him of the warning itself. Mack sighed.

Returning home, Mack went to his garage to continue with his woodworking project. Wearing his ear and eye protection while working the table saw, he didn’t notice his ten year old son Karl come up next to him. Mack was momentarily distracted as he saw Karl’s hand reach up to the saw tabletop. Karl dropped an item on the top with a clatter as Mack turned off the saw.

“Mom says you need to listen to this,” Karl directed, pointing to the CD.

“OK, I will,” Mack replied.  Karl didn’t move. Damn demanding kid. Since Mack enjoyed music, it was his job to listen to all new CDs in case there was language on it that Mack and his spouse thought inappropriate for little ears. Fortunately, there were parts of his project that Mack could attend to without ear protection.

“OK, I’ll do it now.” With that reassurance, Karl turned and went back into the house.  Mack switched on the player. It happened to be on the radio setting, and was broadcasting a news report.

“The head of the Naturally Selected has died in what is being called a freak accident. He was hiking with friends in an area that, unknown to the group, was littered with abandoned mines. The area was unmarked, and there was no warning...”
