The Fire Fiend took aim at the monster creeping towards him. 

It had terrible, rolling eyes and a tongue that would choke you to death before you knew it. It was snapping up screaming citizens in its massive jaws as it made its way towards the Fiend. He had to *do* something. The thing had destroyed most of the city over the course of the past week, but it ended here. 

"Stand with me!" he roared at the Mute Menace, who nodded grimly and joined him at his side. "We'll finish this!"

He only had one power, and one chance to use it. One shot. Wait for it...wait for it...

The monster began running - they could smell its putrid breath. The Fiend whirled and summoned the fire that raced through his veins, forming a fireball and sending it straight at the thing. 

"Yes!" he yelled, as it scorched the monster's flank. It roared and stumbled, but it wasn't dead yet. The Fiend summoned the forces of the universe: he would *unmake* this thing. 

"Begone from my city!" he said, snapping his fingers, and the beast blinked out of existence.

The Mute Menace was silent for a moment, then spoke. "You just...snapped your fingers and sent it away, didn't you? Since when can you just snap your fingers and send it away? And it's not *your* city."

"A long time," the Fiend countered. "I'm better than you. That's why it's my city, too."

"*Right*," the Menace said, rolling his eyes. "Try it on me then, go on."

"It only works on enemies," the Fiend muttered, to a snort of laughter from the Menace. His laughter was cut short as the monster turned and attacked him, trying to wrap its tongue around his neck.

"It didn't even work," the Menace said, trying to squirm away. "Useless. Look at this - *my* power works."

"SILENCE!" he roared, and the monster cowered back. 

"That doesn't count! Of course he'll stop when you do *that*. That doesn't -" the Fiend began, when a looming figure approached them.

"You boys, your lunch is getting stone cold. And leave Diesel alone, Jason, you know you shouldn't work him up like this!" his mother scolded, stroking the Great Dane's head as he began barking with excitement. His tongue lolled as he jumped up and almost knocked her over.

"It was the Mute Menace, mom -" Jason whined.

"Was not!" Mark interjected, looking furious.

His mother squeezed the bridge of her nose and gestured them inside. "Why don't you both act like Mark's name and be a bit quieter, huh? And come get your lunch."

--------------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.