"Two days," I tell myself as I unpack boxes in my new living room, "two days until this craziness is over and I can relax."

The pile of boxes and bags nearly reaches the roof of my ceiling. It isn't as high as the ceiling in my last place, but it is much cheaper. My girlfriend calls to me from the kitchen.

"Honey, can you come in here?"

"Sure," I reply. Why does she call me honey when we are only dating? Because it is my story and I can tell it how I like. I walk into the kitchen, attempting to force vigor into my legs. They are almost as tired as I am. 

"Hey, what's up?" I ask Emily as I enter the kitchen. 

"Can you please look at some of this furniture with me? There are just too many options."

I move over the counter where her laptop is setup and playfully bump her hip with mine. 

"Move over fatty," I say playfully. She gives me a look and a nudge, and then turns back to her computer.

"Do you prefer the Malm or Hemnes bed frame?" She looks at me with a smirk as she says this. 

"Actually, I prefer the Tomrefjord," I manage to say while attempting to keep a straight face. I look Emily in the eyes while pointing at the screen. The look holds for a few seconds before we both succumb to the laughter. 

"Are you sure you don't want the Snefjord instead?" She says while wheezing.

"I'm pretty sure, Utaker sounds like a comfy bed. Betcha it feels like a soft coffin lining."

She gives me a perplexed look. I roll my eyes into the back of my head and raise one are into the air. She snaps her finger and smiles. 

"Oooooh, gotcha."

  As we continue to laugh and point out ridiculous names, the house begins to vibrate. At first I simply thought it to be a passing truck, or the air conditioning. After about 30 seconds of increasing rumbling, my gleeful laughing slows. The entire house begins to dim, as if an invisible covering were pulled across the windows. Then another laugh begins to echo through the house. A different laugh. The laugh grows louder, and from the corner of the room, a shadowy figure emerges. As the figure comes into the faint remaining light of the kitchen fixtures, the defining features of a man can be seen. The man wears a dark coat, dress pants, and a smug look upon his face. He strolls up to the counter where my Emily and I stand in shock. Finally, the man speaks.

"Crowley is the name, trading is my game. You called and I answered. What wonderful things can I get you in exchange for a soul?

This is my first post on this sub. I would appreciate any and all feedback.

Thanks!