"So - what do you say, son?"

The man who asked me that question was what I imagined a stereotypical career military man would be - immaculately pressed uniform, medals and ribbons galore, and a classic look straight from the Tommy Lee Jones School of Facial Expressions.  The other two people flanking him at the large table in front of me had introduced themselves as NASA researchers.  And there I was, sitting on a little folding chair like I was at a group interview - or getting grilled by a Congressional committee.

"Well, sir," I stammered, nervously clearing my throat.  "I wouldn't mind taking part.  I do have some concerns...."

"If you're concerned with means of transport and survival, that will be provided," one of the NASA people replied.  "Our R&D branch has designed all the necessary equipment - exosuit, faster-than-light drive, multitool - everything you are familiar with from the simulation."

"You mean the game?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Well, son, you're part right," the senior Air Force officer nodded.  "It was released as a game.  But it was all part of our selection and recruitment process.  Once the news that it didn't have all the features promised, it narrowed down our selection pool rather easily for us."

"So, I spent $60 on a government-funded simulation?"

"You did, and on behalf of the United States government, we'd like to apologize for it," the other scientist chimed in.

"Pfeh, typical bait-and-switch."

"But it was with good intentions," the other scientist riposted.  "You are aware that NASA is trying to secure funding for exploration outside of our Solar System.  You would be making history with this project."

I sat there for a while, thinking it over.  My fantasies of exploring the cosmos were coming true, all on the government's dime.  The trio at the table sat silent, waiting for me to say "yes" or "no."

"Okay.  I'll do it."

"Alright.  We'll get started right away."


~~~~~

The following few days were a bit of a whirlwind.  Physicals, psychological evaluations, security clearance background checks.  The next thing I knew, I was standing in a hangar in a place I'd never thought I'd be.

"Welcome to Groom Lake," a man in aviator sunglasses smiled.  "My name's Weller."

"Name's Sam."  We shook hands.  "I guess I can't ask you your first name?"

"Just call me Weller," my guide replied.  "Need-to-know basis.  I'm sure you understand."

"It was crazy enough to get security clearance to get here, so I'm not worried."  I gestured toward the further interior of the hangar.  "So - what do you have for me?"

"Options.  We've examined the telemetry - you are capable with all three classes of spacecraft."

"Well," I smirked, "I did play a fair bit of X-Wing vs TIE Fighter in my day, so I think I can handle flying.  Hopefully I don't need an instrument rating."

"With your telemetry, I don't think you'd need worry," Weller smiled.  "With forty-plus hours of data, I think you'll be fine."

"To think I logged on to kill time after work," I joked.

"Funny how that works, huh?"  Weller replied. "Come on.  We need to get you settled in."

Weller led me deeper into the hangar, where technicians were busying themselves with three craft - which I immediately recognized as Explorer, Fighter, and Trader type ships from the game.  Weller paused to let me take it all in.

"What do you think, Sam?" he rumbled from over my right shoulder.

"Jesus, they're almost exactly like the ones in the game."

"We figured you'd like them; the designs you saw in the game were actually based on a couple of mock-ups and prototypes.  These are based on the ones that you preferred the most."

"Walk me through it, Q."

We made our way to the ships and Weller picked up the explanation.

"This right here is the X85 Echo," Weller began.  "This is similar to the Explorer ships you saw in the game.  Pretty rudimentary; good sized cargo holds for whatever resources you can scrounge, decent defense systems.  We've installed all the basics on there, and if you find upgrades, there's a basic AI installed to guide you through installation."

"Communications?" I asked.

"We've got that covered," Weller replied.  "Sub-space comms array.  Complicated stuff.  But the important thing is, it works."

"Faster than radio waves?"

"Much faster.  Not my department, but the eggheads tell me that we could easily communicate with you in almost real-time.  Just a very slight delay - couple seconds max."

I was intrigued.  I was apprehensive when I got the suits knocking at my apartment door, saying they were government representatives and I should go with them.  Now, here I was, getting the Q briefing at Area 51.  The hand in my pocket pinched my thigh without me thinking.  It hurt - this wasn't a dream.

Weller kept on talking.  "Here, Sam, is the X85 Foxtrot.  Fighter equivalent.  Speedier, better hull armor.  Similar armaments and usual perks."

"Sleek."

"The guys here enjoyed making that one.  Pays to be working at a place like this."

"I can tell." I gestured at the craft.  "I can see Oxcart and Have Blue influences in this one."

Weller smiled enigmatically.  Granted, those projects were declassfied years ago, but I got the feeling he was impressed.  It was either No Man's Sky or browsing Wikipedia between my mind-numbing retail job and my equally desolate social life.

"What about that third one?"  I pointed to the last of the three.  "Reminds me of the Serenity."

"Oh, the X85 Tango?" Weller glanced over at it.  "Pretty basic.  Lots of space, but it's a bit slow.  Good armor and shields, though."

"Surely the guys here at Groom Lake can hot-rod it, can they?"  I didn't want to be exploring the deep expanse of interstellar space flying a milk truck.

"It would take time," Weller admitted.  "But I don't see why not."

"Well, there's funding."  I knew damn well that big secret projects like this could be canceled at a moment's notice.

"We've got that covered.  Black budgets have a way of sticking around, provided the suits don't pull the plug."

The Tango was calling to me.  I turned to Weller with a resolute look on my face.

"I think I've made my choice, Weller."

"We'll get that souped up and ready to fly."


~~~~

"KXTA Control to Forerunner, final systems check."

I ran through the systems on the control panels in front of me.  Despite my worries, the first flights with one of Groom Lake's test pilots flying driver's ed with me were surprisingly easy.  There was a bit of those virtual training wheels left, mostly because I was still a civilian.  Thankfully, it was laid out as simply as the engineers could make it.  Everything I needed to know was on the three separate binnacles that formed a boundary between me and the viewports.  As I wrapped my exosuit-gloved hands around the center stick and the throttle, I felt the power of the engines reverberate through me.  And the spike of adrenaline ran like greased lightning through my veins.

"Forerunner to KXTA, all systems green. Requesting clearance for takeoff, over."

"Affirmative, Forerunner.  You are clear for victor tango."

"Roger that, out."  I switched off the comms and quickly double-checked my exosuit HUD.

I paused.  This was the culmination of all the science-fiction dreams I had when I was a small boy.  And they were coming true.

"I am a leaf on the wind," I whispered to myself.  "Watch how I soar."