Five years ago I heard rumors of a society dedicated to breeding dragons. As a fantasy enthusiast on his way to a Phd in Biology, I knew this would be my dream project. I did everything I could to find a way on board. There were times when I had my doubts the society even existed, so shrouded in mystery as they were. It took a few years of sleuthing and utilizing sinister connections before I was able to find a contact and beg for a place on the team. It took a few more months before I had proven myself enough to gain clearance to actually work in the lab. But the moment was finally here, I was shaking with anticipation as the great stone doors slowly opened. I could already feel the dragon's snores vibrating the floor. The acolyte ushered me in and closed the door behind us leaving us in complete darkness. After the five most suspenseful seconds of my life light suddenly filled the room dramatically illuminated a great winged beast awakening from it's slumber. It took a few seconds to really process what I saw.

"Behold initiate, Qothu the Earth Blazer, be awed at her glory!"

"What... what is that noise?"

"T'is her terrifying and majestic roar, sure to strike fear into the hearts of our enemies!"

"It sounds like she's having trouble breathing..."

"Well... we've run into some issues with the last five generations. For the flames to pass through without killing her we had to thicken the internal lining of the nasal cavity which has narrowed it quite a bit. But it's worth it, watch...Qothu! Ignis!"

The beast gave what sounded like a hacking cough before spitting up a fireball that landed a few feet from the acolyte, who swore as patted out the embers singeing his robes.

"Why... why is she so slimy?"

"Ah are you referring to the the jewel-like gleam of her scales?"

"No like those strange colored clumps around her joints..."

"Oh...Most reptiles shed their scales but we've had to make some adjustments to the process to ensure our creation has diamond hard scales. We've had to make them molt less often which sometimes leads to mold and parasites..."

I watched with my mouth agape as Qothu began scratching at one of the strange growths on her left wing joint.

"What happened to her claws!? They're practically nubs!"

"Well you see in order to fly she needed hollow bones...any way don't worry about the small stuff, Qothu is way ahead of the other sects, we're sure to win this years Dragon Show."