At first, Michelle’s quite sure the other woman’s a lunatic. She touches Michelle on the arm in the train station -- deserted as always at 4 in the morning -- and smiles lightly. Giant, colorful wings bounce behind her. Even next to the deep hue of Michelle’s own skin, this woman seems impossibly dark. “Hello!” she chimes, in a voice soft and low, and strangely musical. “I’ve come from another world, and your world is very strange. Would you like to see my world?”

Michelle rolls her eyes discreetly and reaches for her mace. “Of course. What is your world called?” she asks, very pleasantly. The woman smiles, a stunning gleam of bright gold in her face. *Wait, gold?*

“It’s called Nuniter! And I am called Calia!” She holds Michelle’s arm. Then the world whisks itself away, trotting like an overly-excited horse. 

Then Michelle thinks, *Oh. A dream.* Nothing else could explain the vibrancy of this woman in the dullness of the train station, or the way that the landscape shifts while it leaves, and then twists into something else entirely. *Definitely a dream.* And then she’s on her feet again, walking after Calia. The ground seems strange, though, and so she looks down.

It’s white. Spongey, and soft-looking, and *white*. She squeaks. “Oh, yes! I forgot to explain! You see, I’ve been to each of the five worlds, and each is a little different. I did a thinking bit, and you see, we haven’t got what you call ‘dirt’.” Calia delivers that, looking far too excited, before she blinks and frowns. “If I remember right, you would call what we’re walking on ‘clouds’?”

Michelle squawks out, “Wh-what? But clouds are… are too light… That’s impossible! There’s no way we’re in the sky!”

Calia giggles gently. “Follow me!” Michelle does, awed and confused. After a few minutes’ walk, they draw to a stop by a railing, leading up to a bridge. “Look over!” Calia urges.

Doing so sends Michelle’s heart into her stomach. For when she looks over, she looks down, and down, and down, and down. So far below it’s unbelievable, she sees vast fields of blue, stretching to either end of the horizon. “But… if there’s no earth, no dirt, what’s the core of the world made of it?” she mumbles, staggering away from the railing and holding her head.

“Magic, silly!” Calia giggles. Michelle looks at her like -- well, like she’s a damn idiot.

“Magic’s not real,” she states, very flatly. 

“Oh, it’s not for you, but it is here! You see, each world misses something the others have. Yours is missing magic, but we’re missing ‘earth’, and another one’s missing air… and stuff!” Calia shrugs and laughs. “It’s all very strange, isn’t it?”

“How do I know there’s magic?” Michelle asks, crossing her arms. *There are limits.*

“Well, how do you think we got here, silly?” Calia tosses her silvery-white head of hair and laughs again. 

*God, that’s getting annoying. She laughs too much.* “Still not proving it.”

“Oh, well, and there’s the wings!” Finally, Calia stops laughing and… flaps her wings. Michelle expects nothing. Instead, Calia shoots into the air and twirls before landing. “The wings aren’t natural, you see. We attach them magically after someone comes to maturity. How else would we get from cloud to cloud?”

Michelle’s head hurts. “Oh,” she mumbles.

“You know, I bet you’d really like seeing the other worlds too! Let’s go!” Calia gasps. She latches onto her arm again. The world spins away again, this time going at a gallop. “It always takes so long to travel from Laecma -- that’s your world -- because there’s just *no* magic! At all! Going  elsewhere is just… so much faster. It’s probably why less people from the other worlds have gone in the last few millenia.”

Now they’re in the middle of vast, vast fields of the lushest and strangest grass Michelle’s ever seen. It’s as vibrantly blue as the sky, and the sky shimmers a pale green above them. “What is this world?” she asks, both curious and a little afraid. 

“Oh, this is Seewa!” Calia tells her. “They don’t have any water here! None at all!” Just thinking about it makes Michelle thirsty.

“What do they drink, then? And what about the plants? Is that why the grass is… blue?” Michelle wonders out loud.

“Well, for the drinking, they have lots of things to drink. None of them are very *pleasant*, it’s true, but they do have lots.” Calia wrinkles her nose. “The most prevalent is what they call ‘acier’. It burns going down. *A lot*.”

“And the plants?” She kneels down and picks a piece of the grass, studying it. It’s rather like the sawgrass she ran into on one field trip. But it’s *blue*. 

“It still rains, and things, but it’s not water.” She looks up in time to see Calia’s shrugs. “We’d better go, though. I see one of the people who live here.” Calia leans over and stage whispers, “They’re not very friendly.”

Judging by the bellow that follows their standing, it’s true. As Calia whisks them away, Michelle catches a glimpse of someone wide and broad, just like the grass, thundering down on them with anger in its pastel blue face. 

And then, they’re somewhere cool. Her eyes fail her at first, but then she picks shapes out of the darkness. Just as her eyes adjust, something bright flares into existence at her side. Startled, she shies away -- but it’s Calia. The other woman’s wings flicker between colors, but stay close to a soft orange light. “This is the world without fire,” she says, almost solemnly. “They’re very serious, you see. It gets so cold at night, and they’ve got nothing to warm them without magic. Not a lot of people have magic here, you know. They have to be serious in order to survive.”

Someone looms out of the darkness, and calls mournfully, “Who goes there?”

“‘Tis just I, Calia! Don’t worry, Prinkaire!” she calls back. “I’ve met someone from Laecma, and they were interested in the sights, you see!”

A heavy sigh precedes the person appearing in the circle of light. Whoever it is has the squarest, longest face Michelle’s ever seen. The way they look reminds her of an albino, almost. “Very well, Calia,” it sighs. “Just leave quickly. The hunter’s bands have been bad lately.”

She sniffs. “As if I’d let one of those magic-stealing *tikrari* take *my* magic!” She beams at him and turns to Michelle. “Michelle, this is Prinkaire, He-Who-Warms-The-Outskirts. He’s very good at it, too!”

“It doesn’t feel all that cold, though?” Michelle asks, eyeing the thick clothes the man wears.

“That’s because he’s doing his job, silly!” Calia chides her. Then they’re off again, galloping through the borders of the world. This time, Michelle remains focused enough to see the edges of the fireless world, and then the edges of… whatever comes next. 

*No earth, no water, no fire… no air?* Then it occurs to her. *I breathe air!* “Shit! Calia, I --”

Her mouth fills with water. She gulps, and struggles, and --

Doesn’t drown. “What?” she mumbles, looking at the winged woman who’s bent over cackling.

“I love doing that to people!” she finally howls. “Every time!”

“....thanks.”

“Anyway, this is the world without air! Welcome to Diawa!” Calia claps her hands and flutters her wings. “You’re breathing the water because of --”

“Magic?” Michelle guesses. Calia nods and grins. 

“And I teleported us right into one of the paths the guards like, so you can meet some of the Diawi!” Seconds later, soft trills touch Michelle’s ears. She turns toward the sound inquiringly.

What approaches leaves her gasping. Every myth, every tale she’s heard of mermaids, left her unprepared for what they might be like. The people approaching are iridescent, glimmering in the light, with long faces and eyes set too wide in their heads. But they’re *beautiful*.

“Touring again, Cal?” one purrs. It’s not words. Somehow, Michelle understands it.

“Of course! I love visits!” Calia trills back. “And I have a visitor.”

The underwater dwellers turn to Michelle and do what she *thinks* is a nod. “Greetings, stranger. Do you come from Laecma? You do not bellow, nor have you wings, and your skin stays too dark.”

“Yes, yes, I do,” she replies. Their voices aren’t voices. Instead, they seem like songs.

“We’d better get back, though! I think she’s going to miss her traim! Train? Tram? Whatever!” Calia chirps. The world blurs again. The thick, soupy water turns into the familiar polluted air of home. All the light, filtering through untold depths, turns into the dull drone of overheads. “I hope you liked the visit! Can I come visit you again? I like visiting!” she asks, hovering in front of Michelle in the still-abandoned station.

All Michelle can think of is, “Yes. Yes, please.” Then Calia disappears in a burst of color. Michelle sits down hard, in the middle of the station, and stares ahead.

“Amazing,” she breathes. Nothing seems the same anymore. "Definitely not a dream."
