He was just a dot in the sky at first, and I didn’t notice. I was enjoying the mild twilight on the porch, watching the water silently churn in the Haro Strait as the tide turned, drinking my second (or maybe third) beer of what promised to be a six pack of an evening. 

When the vague shape whisking silently through the sky registered on my brain, it was already recognizable as a man, and there was only one man I knew who could fly and would also visit me unannounced. So, despite my initial surprise, I greeted him with a smile as he landed, going from silent levitation to a warning groan in the planks of my deck.

“Evening Tama.”

He grinned. A huge white grin over dark skin. He registered the creak in the deck and winced sheepishly, then lifted a few inches above it and settled into a bulky hover.

“Allen,” he greeted me with a nod. “You ain’t been answering your phone, man.”

I fished a beer out of the cooler and handed it to him. He took it in a meaty hand and effortlessly popped the cap with a delicate squeeze of thumb and forefinger, like picking a grape off the vine. 

My familiarity with “Rapa”--one of the most powerful beings on earth--was a side effect of my fading celebrity. I’d known Tama since before he had any of his tattoos, when he was a young superhuman celebrity, doing Closing Time with me and Liz, she in her then record-breaking twenty sixth month. We’d sat on that couch and joked about needing him to babysit for us, since at the time his mother’s twenty five month pregnancy, and the immense powers he was already displaying at fourteen were unparalleled. Now he was … what … almost thirty? He had a web of half-finished traditional Maori designs, each fading off as the needles broke on his rock-hard skin. I noticed that some progress had been made since the last go, and pointed to the new ink on his bulging left forearm. 

“How’d they manage that?”

He seemed distracted, but he glanced down and laughed. “Oh, Sumanus came up with some kind of super-poly-carbon whatsis and the needle hasn’t broken yet.” He rubbed his arm with a rueful smile. “Takes hours though. They have to position it with a hydraulic arm. Kinda takes the art out of it.”

I shrugged. “Looks good.”

The smile on his face faded to seriousness. 

“Allen, Liz is--” he paused, my own expression probably dropping four octaves of pain, or whatever measurement they use for that. He quickly shook his head. “No, she’s fine, but … she’s in labor, man.”

I stared at him, his earnest, slightly pudgy face, that massive frame like a well-tanned naked grizzly bear with a fragile smile on his face telling me my wife, who had been in a coma for eight years, was in labor. The whole picture was completely absurd.

I laughed, and Tama looked stricken.

“Seriously, Allen. Not a joke. I would nev--”

“That’s impossible.”

He shook his head. “Nothing’s impossible anymore, man,” he said gently.

---

I’d never been carried by a flying superhuman. Very, very few people have, statistically, I supposed. It was terrifying, even though Tama’s arms were like a goddam lazy boy. He kept it slow, for my sake, though I knew he could crack the sound barrier if he needed to. Luckily, I was distracted.

Liz and I had crossed the border into Canada on the 360th day of her pregnancy. Four more days and the U.S. would have prevented a legal emigration. As it was, they were none too happy about it, and a lot of noise was made about “American citizens, American supers.” 

At the time, we were full of all the rumors of the U.S. government taking long term infants away from their families for special monitoring. I’m thankful that those proved baseless hysteria, but I’ve never regretted moving away. 

When Liz hit two years, right at the peak of the superbaby revolution, we couldn’t avoid the spotlight. She handled it well. Better than me, to be honest. Canada hadn’t had a pregnancy over 664 days. That was Tanya Montgomery, who was born right after we emigrated and was all over the media back then, making her toys come to life and giggling as they entertained her. 

The whole world was watching us when Liz hit 26. Magazine covers, talk shows, endless speculation. The whole world was excited.

Then Markus Visser stole the headlines. “Razernij,” the first true “super-villain.” I think I read that his mother had been pregnant for 21 months, which is definitely on the spectrum, but Frenzy was an overachiever even for a super. He moved faster than the eye could tap some kind of kinetic field to protect himself and destroy anything in his way. The fact that he was a sociopath, and a nearly unstoppable one, became the biggest crisis of the Super Age.

Visser hunted down other supers. He used simple numbers. Anyone who was the product of a longer labor than him was in his sights. He killed eleven before his first defeat, at the hands of Krakatoa, the Indonesian super whose civilian identity is amazingly still a mystery to the general public. 

Everybody thought Visser was dead, somewhere in the mountains of Pakistan. Then three years later he killed a pregnant woman in Switzerland. Thirty-one months. Then another in Cairo. Thirty-eight.

Visser was suddenly the world’s boogeyman, and every woman with a super-advanced pregnancy was terrified. Governments moved to protect national assets. Canada put two supers and eight full-time government agents on watch over us. 

I don’t think it’s any dishonor to their memories when I say they did their best. 

Tama was the one to finally stop Visser, but by the time he did, our neighborhood was a pile of rubble. He saved Liz, but she never woke up. 

Super-advanced mothers are very resilient. Their changes are, in some ways, as profound as those of the children they carry -- they have to be. Liz survived, and it wasn’t even a matter of life support. She just … kept going. They have to feed her, of course. That’s a given. But it was the considered opinion of every doctor on the case that she’d eventually miscarry.

She didn’t.

---

As Tama set me down on the roof of the hospital, it started to rain. There were already reporters there. A pre-approved pool quickly assembled by the Board of Superhuman Affairs. I could see that look on their faces, the struggle to maintain an appearance of dignity warring with the thirst for the story. They shouted questions, which I ignored. What could I say?

Tama and three Vancouver police officers escorted me to the ward. A sea of doctors, nurses, and hospital staff drawn to the event parted before us. Televisions with muted volume but bold closed captions shouted silent questions and debates, but the same words over and over. 

FIFTEEN YEARS
FIFTEEN YEARS
FIFTEEN YEARS

and 

MIRACLE

Doctor Padeen, who had been with Liz and me for more than a decade, took me aside. In urgent whispers he explained the situation, but I was numb. I was stupid to everything he said. Reality had been jump-started again and I found I couldn’t handle it. My eyes kept moving to the bed, the feeding tube, Liz’s still-beautiful face, though so thin. The bulge of her belly beneath the sheet.

I stepped away from Padeen mid-sentence and walked toward the bed. Someone said something about a contraction, and I saw Liz’s face contort, just a little. The scar that ran from her right eye to her ear wrinkled. I took her good hand in mine.

God help me, her eyes opened.

She looked at me. The years fell away.

I felt her squeeze, and words appeared in my mind.

*I am sorry to be so late, papa, but everything will be alright now, for everyone. No one will ever hurt us again.*

