The stairs seemed to cry out, betraying my attempts to stay hidden in the doorway. I could see my father turn to me, a slight smirk on his face and he coaxed me to come to him with the familiar soft two-tone whistle he taught me to follow. Despite the living room feeling like the warm place that I'd spent a majority of my life laughing and loving life, I found it felt cold and darker than the inkiness of my vision. Even the glow of my father's life light seemed to dim with the knowledge that this visitor was not here with good intentions and my breath seemed to halt as I arrived to greet the guest.

"Mia, this woman is a friend." He said, his hands guiding me to the visitors' face. "She is just like you; born completely blind." His tone was almost comically upbeat, as though he had found a solution to the long since decayed elephant in the room. I had grown to accept this fact but my family always seemed to walk on eggshells around me. I traced her face quickly; her features were very average and unremarkable but I knew this was what I had to do for politeness sake. It seemed that my family wasn't the only one that walked on eggshells.

She wordlessly rose and drifted past me, even with her lack of sight she seemed purposeful in her movements. The tell-tale creak of the stairs told me she was heading to the 2nd floor. Probably to the guest room. However, her gait seemed staggered...was she carrying something? Maybe her blindness wasn't her only disability. My father always seemed to attract all walks of life, as if to make up for the fact that he raised me almost completely alone. In a hushed whisper, he leaned in to tell me our guest would be staying the night and to be courteous. Even though I'm sure he could sense my tenseness, he chuckled and told me he'd have breakfast ready in the morning. I decided that was the night I'd lock my door.

I couldn't sleep. I couldn't even toss and turn, I just stared at the ceiling in despair. Maybe I was wrong. My grandmother had passed from complications to bed sores from the nursing home she was living in. No one had actually "killed" her but, it does kinda count, right? It hadn't been too long for me to ponder this thought when I heard the scream. Strangely though, it was not the scream of a man but a woman. Maybe he had overpowered her? I rushed out the door, guiding myself through the familiar halls and up the creaky steps but stopped myself when I heard the screaming stop.

Was he okay? I then heard it. The weak whistle, soft and familiar. I was still terrified but that was him. I'd recognize it anywhere and I cautiously made my way into his room. Except, when I opened the door, instead of the musky scent of a working man, it smelled musty and suffocating.

"Mia..." a whisper echoed in a gravelly voice "I've...come back...for...you my...baby. He...even...took...our...call..." Suddenly arms wrapped around me in a cool embrace and I felt my body get weak.

"He...too...k...you...not knowing...of...our kind. So...I...have...come to..ta..ke...what's right...fully mine." I could feel my head feeling lighter, my throat itched. "Scream...so...that...your...bloodright...may be full...filled." My lips curled back and I felt every bit of air release in a blood-curdling scream; my world sank into darkness but I could faintly see my father life light rise into the air and disappear into the ether.