"It happened again." 


The look on the artist's face was one of intense misery. Her eyes were turned away. Jeffrey adjusted the hideous green-and-yellow tie, which, he decided, definitely had to go. Tomorrow he would buy something decent and give this *thing* back to Richie, even if the interview went badly. 


"This time, I was in the elevator on my way up. Next thing I know..." she trailed off, pointing at the covered canvas. Jeffrey tried to project comfort at her, relaxing his shoulders in the ill-fitting suit, and did his best impression of a soothing tone.


"Sometimes you get really caught up in an idea, you know? I've seen you just get distracted sometimes, and then it's like you don't hear a word anyone says. And it's like that thing, highway hypnosis or something? When you're driving a route you've taken a million times and you suddenly lose track of time and you're there already. It happens to me too. They call that highway hypnosis, right?" 


In fact, it had never happened to him, but he thought he'd read something like that once. Maria shook her head, dark hair shading her averted gaze. "This is different. It's not..."


Abruptly, she strode over to the far wall, tautly controlled, and turned over a series of four paintings. Their surfaces had been pressed to the wall, heedless of potential damage, very unlike her usual careful treatment of her work. 


"I've showed you the first two before, right?" 


Jeffrey nodded, perusing the set with genuine interest. He rubbed his newly clean-shaven face gingerly. He would still make the interview, he had two hours, no problem.  


"Sure, before you told me about the, uh, blackouts? I figured you were trying something new. I thought they were kind of freaky... with the shadows all twisted, and that's blood on the wall? But isn't there a good market for this kind of thing? Like... that guy, with the name I can never remember. Anyway, your stuff is fucking *awesome*, Maria. I bet you could kind of, carve out a niche for yourself, you know, like--"


There was something in the last two pictures. They all depicted more or less the same scene: in the first, a nondescript wooden floor by a dusty window, half of a shadowed doorway on the right side, the corner of a picture frame visible on the left. It was obviously Maria's studio, and that would be the door to the closet where she kept rarely used tools, extra supplies and scraps of wood. Outside the door--in the painting, not in real life--were streaks of what appeared to be blood, trailing down the doorframe and into the closet as if dragged by a despairing hand. Strange angular shadows gave the image a curiously offputting quality--Jeffrey, whose interest in visual art other than Maria's rarely went farther than taking pictures with his cellphone camera, wasn't sure why. Something to do with the perspective, perhaps.


The second picture showed the same corner of the studio, but the shadows seemed to fall differently--and a larger portion of the darkened doorway was visible. 


The third presented the doorway in full, and two strange, textured dots in the center of the darkness. Some shade of purple, or maroon?  


The fourth one added the indistinct outline of a figure squatting in the doorway. Those oddly-colored dots were its eyes. Frankly, Jeffrey found it disturbing... something about the silhouette was seriously amiss. Perhaps whatever nightmare vision Maria had captured here would prove profitable, but he could not call it pleasant to look at. The thing in the doorway was holding something limp at the end of one of its outstretched limbs, dangling from what might be claws.


"I didn't want to tell you at first because it scared me. I thought I might have a brain tumor or something... I've never had anything like this happen before. But they were *good*, the paintings were *good*, so I didn't say anything and I just kept going. Then, even when I did the fourth one, I told myself nothing was wrong. I figured it was just like sleepwalking, or sleep sex, or the... highway hypnosis, like you said, and maybe I was unconsciously imitating one of those people who do horror artwork, even though I don't really like that stuff. But then--" her voice began to tremble as she neared the end. Jeffrey took a step towards her but she backed away, keeping him at a distance. 


"Then I woke up after painting the fifth one, I woke up holding the brush and looked at it and--that's not me. That's not something I would ever imagine. It wasn't *right*. So I called you." Her face crumpled. "I called you. I'm sorry."


She sounded so forlorn that Jeffrey wanted to take her in his arms, to tell her everything was going to be ok, but something about the set of her shoulders stopped him. He looked again at the covered canvas. Maria was looking away from him, away from the paintings. Something was wrong. 


"I called you, and I just wanted you to come so I wouldn't be alone, with your stupid leather jacket and your stupid beard and... I just wanted you to come. But then I saw you." She glanced at him for a moment, for the first time since she'd brought him into the studio, then looked away, as if the sight hurt her.


"Wait a minute--you're upset about the way I *look*?" Jeffrey sputtered in confusion. "Like I told you, I have the interview for the office gig, and it's not like they're going to hire Mr. Hell's Angels--this is my brother's stupid cheap suit. I'm going to get another one! So you painted a bad dream, it's weird... but come on, what's the big deal?" 


Maria, still refusing to look at him, pointed at the covered canvas. With a sigh, Jeffrey grasped one corner of the covering sheet and pulled it off in a single motion. Then he stared for quite a while.


The fifth painting displayed almost the same scene as the previous one. The same room, the same doorway, the same bloody markings on the wall. But this time, no light came through the window. It was black outside; the entire room was cast into shadow. Yet what lay behind the doorway was clearly visible: it was not Maria's supply closet. It was somewhere else entirely. And the figure inside it, the horrible, leering figure--


Was holding an ugly, green-and-yellow tie in its dripping claw.


Outside, all the lights went out.    