You were supposed to let the dye sit for an hour before rinsing, but I felt fairly confident that my hair could get the job done in half that. Standing in the mirror I could see that the dye was affecting more than just my hair. My muscles started to grow, and my gut started to suck itself in. 
I could hear the TV broadcasting an emergency alert from downstairs, which was quite impressive to say the least. I mean, the volume was only set to about 6.
There was a missing child reported in Arborville. THe suspected vehicle was a blue sedan, with the license plate 420-LOL. It seemed unlikely that the car would pass down our street, but I knew I had to check. Running around the hall into my room, I pulled hard at the blinds, and ripped them right off the wall. It was a novice mistake for having such newly acquired strength.
Out the window I saw Sarah, my biggest crush since 5th grade, running down the street. She was being attacked by bees, I could see them clearly from my room. Somehow she managed to stop frantically shaking bees out of her long blonde hair to look up and wave to me. She no doubt saw my new hair, and had become moist with intent. Before she could get past my driveway I was already downstairs with the hose.
"Sarah! Come quick! I am here to save you from those beasts!"
She came screaming with lust towards me.
"AAAAHHHH They're in my hair, there're in my hair!" 
"Calm down now Sarah, it's just me, I am here to protect you!" I said 
"Turn the hose on, what the fuck are you doing!?"
It was clear what she wanted. I cranked the hose all the way and let her have it. Leaning her head back, she basked in my power. The bees had no strength here anymore, I had defeated them. Sarah looked longingly into my eyes.
"What the fuck is wrong with you, your'e always so fucking weird." She said.
Before I could let her thank me, I leaned my head over to see a blue sedan passing by Ms Johnson's house. Such terrible timing really, but it was clear what I needed to do.
I grabbed her hands, and looked into her eyes. Nothing had to be said, we both knew I had to go.
She closed her eyes. I knew she wanted me to go in for a kiss, but I could see the car starting to make a turn over on Bradbury.
I had to think quickly if I was going to catch up with them. 
My moms boyfriends motorcycle was sitting in the driveway. He always swore that if I touched it he would knock my teeth out, but I knew he would understand. 
I pushed Sarah off of me and ran over to the bike. The keys were left in the ignition, which was perfect cause  I could just see the car pulling out of sight. With no helmet to be seen, I started her up. Rev-ed the engine a few times, and hit the gas. 
Years of watching movies gave me the knowledge of how to ride a motor cycle, and it was my new hair that gave me the ability. 
With the wheel squealing, I tore off towards Bradbury street. 
The stop sign was only a two-way, but at the speed I was going there was going to be no need for slowing down. I knew that I could pull safely into traffic as long as I was going faster than they were. I screeched around the turn safely right up behind a cop car, he surely knew what car he was following, but lacked the confidence to make a simple pit stop maneuver. 
I knew it would be more difficult on the bike, but it had to be done. I made sure to motion for him to stay back as I passed him.
Pulling up behind the sedan, I knew it was it. This was going to be my chance, if they pulled on to I-5 I would never be able to stop them.
Reving the bike for all it had I pulled up along side the car and bumped the rear drivers side wheel. It sent the car into a mad spin out, coming  to a complete stop right at the freeway entrance.
I pulled up behind them to make sure no one got away.
The cop car was coming forth with their lights and siren on. THey clearly were proud of my abilities. Surely there was going to be a reward for my bravery. 
Looking back at the car, no one had tried to get out. They didn't even bother to try running now after getting a glimpse at my abilities. 
The cops approached me with their guns drawn. I felt a little irritated, I had taken the car down, and they were still coming up to me to finish the arrest. 
They seemed very irate, and continued to approach me. Looking over at the sedan, I caught a glimpse of the license plate. WRG-C4R.
These cops were not so bad after all, they noticed the wrong plate before I did. It wasnt much of a concern with them though, they could tell my bike was broken and I wouldn't be able to go out and save that poor child now. 
Before I knew it we were in the back of their squad car, off to catch our catch our suspects as a team....
  