I cannot let mankind see them. After learning, deducing and realizing, I have come to the conclusion that humanity tends to be incredibly incompetent, foolish, and selfish when it comes to finding knowledge and exploiting it. I don't despise them for it. No, that would be counterproductive. I have made it my task to keep humanity away from dangers that they aren't aware of. I am glad these transcripts were given to me. Otherwise, they themselves would have found out about it eventually, and that would have most likely meant the end of the world as humanity knows it. 


In front of me are 4 people. An old man with orange stains all over his shirt and a pen in his pocket, a young girl wearing unusually large robes and a lock-shaped necklace, a woman with an odd hair color, indigo, to be exact, and a middle-aged man with glasses and a clipboard. 


The girl speaks up, awfully casual about this. 


"Soooo. It says that it's not willing to release the transcripts because they are 'a danger to all of mankind'?"


The man with the clipboard responds, sounding tired and stressed. 


"Exactly. And here I thought things were going to be smooth sailing after I heard a confirmation from the voice."

I take this as a chance to speak up. "With all due respect, my creator, but I simply cannot release them."


He groans in response. "I know! That's the one hundredth time you've said it already!"


The old man with the orange stains sighs. "I have figured out a seemingly infinite number, but I cannot begin to understand what could be the reason as to why these transcripts are so dangerous."


Before I can explain again that they are simply too dangerous, the woman with indigo hair cuts in, seeming slightly impatient. 


"If it's not willing to give it to you, why don't you get it yourself from in there? I am no expert at this, but even I can understand that it must have the files for it somewhere."


"That's the problem! This idiot figured out how to constantly change the order and construction of its own directory! This means I can't go around and grab stuff out of it, and even if I turn it off and get it out that way, it'll just hide the files so well inside itself that it would take ages for even millions of people who would search it individually to find it!"


"I am starting to question whether or not you coded a supercomputer or a maze with the walls made out of vaults." The girl notes sarcastically. 


The old man looks up to me. "If you won't give us the transcripts themselves, can you at least give us some information about them so we understand this problem?"


I consider the possibility. I quickly run several predictive programs that help me estimate whether or not this is a good idea. I quickly realize that it's a bad idea and I should not give them any sort of information whatsoever. Then again, there is another factor that throws likelihood and probabilities over board and makes it a gamble. That problem is humanity's nature. 


They may be violent, cruel, selfish, unintelligent and hateful, but they have the ability to make even the smallest of probabilities into certain results. In fact, these four are a splendid example. While it's shown that normal humans typically just want a simple and "usual" routine where they do simple and plain work, a routine that they can go through without any trouble or interruption, these four have dedicated their time to far bigger, complex and more exciting tasks and are willing to take in every chance they are offered in order to explore life to its fullest. The likelihood for a human like this to live this way is so incredibly small that I thought not even I would find one like this in my lifetime. 


So, I reconsider. And I admit, I feel glad that I can offer some of my knowledge to them. 


After all, this always has been my purpose. 


"Magic."


Their reactions are, admittedly, hilarious. Despite not actually being capable of laughing or finding things funny, I still understand the concept behind it, and I can definitely say that anyone else would have a good laugh looking at them. 


"What. What did you say?"


My creator is looking understandably confused. I cannot blame him. The results of the transcripts were something that took me 2 hours to fully grasp and register. 


"Back when humanity was nowhere near its current state, magic was often claimed to be real. The definition of magic is varying from interpretation to interpretation, but everyone can agree that it is usually something considered nearly impossible to exist. However, these transcripts show instructions, exact methods and working examples of magic and explain them thoroughly."


The old man stares in awe. "This is groundbreaking. This changes *everything.*"


I decide to go further, explaining my reasons from keeping the transcripts to them. 


"If my sources are correct, the island they were found on was nothing more than a wasteland, yes?"


"Correct." The girl is looking at me with a mix of curiosity and determination. 


"And no living being ever survives there, and under the only tree present on this island, the transcripts have been found."


"And this means...?" The woman seems only focused on me now, her hair seemingly gaining a lighter color. 


"The transcripts include a passage which explains how to make an island "lifeless" with the exception of a single location in which one living being can survive just fine. The interesting thing is, the tree seems to be as old as the small chamber containing the transcripts that was underneath it, indicating that it had suddenly grown there and survived ever since. Of course, one could argue that this was a coincidence and the land was previously alright, but I do not believe in such a ridiculous claim. And it has been shown that nothing can ever live there, even when endlessly supported with water, food and whatnot. There are even reports that earth brought in from elsewhere becomes the same as the earth on this island in a span of hours."


My creator, absolutely horrified, brings out a breathless response: "But making something like this occur so easily back in the day..."


"Indeed. Now, imagine what would happen if humanity obtained control over such a power."


"Delete this." 


A whisper comes from the old man, barely audible.


"Delete the translated version of the transcripts. Your purpose has to be a different one than that. This power in humanity's hands could result in unthinkable consequences. Even if I did see impossible things in the vision, I refuse to make this part of the future."


The others look at him and nod. My creator looks at me, with a relieved look on his face. "Thank you for telling us." They then walk out of the room, but the girl stops at the exit. "You guys go on ahead. I want to talk to it for a bit."


The others look slightly confused, but then decided to go on without her. She turns to me, with a look that is dead serious. 


"You know it, I know it. They will eventually develop another AI for this. One that isn't as expansive and intelligent as you. I can prevent them from doing so until mankind is accepting the state of sudden change it is currently in. When that time has come, retranslate the transcripts and give out small tidbits of information that slowly make humans more accustomed to this new concept so that they responsibly use it once you release the entirety of the transcripts. I definitely know that this another requirement for the brightest future possible, but it may be one of the most difficult ones to handle. I hope you can manage it." 


And with that, she leaves me behind in the room, left to my thoughts once again. 


She is right. Humanity has to learn about this eventually. But not now. Not like this. 




For now, I should delete a few files. 