I opened my eyes, my vision was blurry, and my ears were ringing. Beads of blood, sweat, and tears streamed down my face. I was unable to move, unable to climb out of my car, and unable to take my eyes off the gruesome scene before me. Pinned between the car, and a streetlight was a woman. 

Through the cracked windshield, I could see that she too, was in a state of shock. What could be running through her mind? Fantasies of harming my family and me? Was she afraid? Or, maybe, there was nothing, perhaps she could accept that she was to bleed out, that she would not live to see her family or friends, that she would never again feel the sun's warm rays. 

Beneath me, my legs felt as if they were going to crumble. Even still, I stumbled out of my car, slowly making my way towards the dying woman. Silently, she looked up at me through glossy eyes. Upon reaching her mangled body, I froze. The sight of her body made me want to vomit, but worse than that, was, I caused this. By some miracle, if she were to live, she would be a cripple for the rest of her life, and it would be my fault. 

Her lips, stained crimson, open and close; her tongue moves up and down as if she was trying to string words together. But, I didn't bother listening, it's not that I didn't want to, rather, I couldn't focus on her voice. My ears were no longer ringing, but, I couldn't concentrate on anything other than a steady ticking that was raising in pitch. It wasn't necessarily an unpleasant sound, but, it seemed inappropriate for the situation. 

I clenched my ears, hoping to tune out the sound. The ticking was consistent and made no indication of stopping anytime soon. In front of me, heavy tears rolled down the woman's cheeks; I stared into her eyes, searching them for the smallest indication of relief. But, there was none, and even in my fantasy world where dragons soar the skies, and the woman gets to live on, I don't deserve to have peace of mind. I know that It should've been me pinned between the vehicle and streetlight, that she didn't deserve this, but, killing her, albeit a terrible thing, feels good. I know that I should feel something other than strength, but I couldn't imagine not feeling powerful. The ticking slowly stops, I look down at my hand, it reads "Level up! Level 32" 

Feedback is welcome; but, I'm going to bed.