It was awful.

Andrew was, without a doubt, the worst man she'd ever fucked.

A creak and a slam of the door was all that announced his homecoming. He lumbered into the kitchen, six foot two inches and two hundred seventy pounds of detestable slobbering apathy, and fairly fell into his chair, dropping his briefcase limply by his side.

"Hi, honey, how was work?" She said, with a smile, apron bound around her expanding waist.

"Awful. Boss works me half to death, as usual. Coworkers idiots. Dinner?"

"Lamb stew. No carrots, liked you asked. Did you ask him for a raise yet?" she chirped.

He *mmphed* in reply. It was his favorite form of communication. An epithet that could be expressed without any movement of lips or mouth, broth oozing into his wispy ginger beard, eyes focused solely on the bowl beneath him. "No. Boss won't anyways. Hates m'hguts. How's Howard." A statement, not a question. One put forth every Monday through Friday for the past twelve years, unfailingly.

"Good! He's doing very well in Math, and his English grades are picking up again. I think the tutoring is doing a lot of good for him." She hated children. Hated the pain of bearing them. Hated raising them alone, while he sat behind an air-conditioned desk paying for the miscreant, or paying for the privilege of being elsewhere, drunk, while she answered to its every beck and call. She had hated the idea of children before she even met him. Now she could thoroughly hate the practice of it, too.

"Mmmph. In bed?"

"Yes. I think he might be after a girl, actually. Keeps mentioning a Hannah in his class."

"Hrrmph."

It went on like this, for a while. Andrew finished his meal, cleaned his plate, started up the stairs to bed. She followed, dutifully. He pulled off his jacket, his too-large beige trousers, his too-small white button-down. She slipped into that one *thing* he really liked. He kissed her, emphatically, too passionately to be passionate. Twenty minutes later he was snorting quietly, she was staring at the ceiling.

Compelled, she rose. Moved mechanically to the closet where he never looked, reached into the corner. Pulled out the hatchet and took it to his bedside. Lifted her arm, took a hard look at the gentle swelling beast that she had married. Swung.

Swung again.

Over. And over. Each blow a condemnation. Each one creating a wet crunch as the blade sank through flesh, then bone, then marrow, then soft essential organ. *That* for the silence. *That* for the conversation. *That* for the dinner. *That* for the lingerie. *That* for the horrible child. *That* for the second one, stewing inside of her, festering. *That* for the sex, God, the *awful*, throbbing, moist sex. *That* for, for just being *him*, out of anybody on Earth. *That*... and *that*... and *that*...

It would have happened to anyone, she thought. She couldn't stop it. Every time, it came to the same thrashing, bloody climax. But at least with him, she could tell herself why. With Andrew, she never wanted to scream out loud, sorry, I'm sorry, stop me.

She kept going until her arms wore out. Until the heap of flesh beneath her, staining her bed red, could no longer be recognized as her husband. She replaced the axe, crawled back onto her side of the horrible mattress, and waited till sleep took her.

And she dreamt. Of someone who held her tight. Of someone who teased her, in every way she never knew of. Who touched her gently. Who caressed her, up and down, every part of her body. Who didn't fuck her so much as made love to her. And who somehow bore Andrew's horrible face.

She woke. Rolled over, and saw the husband's lumbering mass, intact and peaceful as the moment he'd slid off her the night before. She got up, showered, changed. Made breakfast. French toast, slightly overdone.

He bounded downstairs cheerfully, after a while. Put himself together, ate his french toast. Checked that his briefcase had everything. Complained about something, asked her to remember something she already knew. Kissed her on the mouth. "Bye, babe. I love you."  Walked out the door.

She would never leave him. Not as long as she lived. Because no matter how bad she hurt him, defaced him, he would never leave her. She'd found out by accident, one night, in a drunken rampage directed at no one in particular. Sleep with a man, slaughter him, start the cycle all over again, what was the difference? Well, there was her answer: him. She could never really hurt him. And beneath all the apathy, the flab, the drab hours of suburbanite life that she'd cursed all those years ago, was the simple truth that he was just as incapable of hurting her. That the everlasting boredom of his existence was completely excused by the fact that, no matter how horrible she was, he would always be there in the morning.

God, how she hated every second of it.

She made Howard's lunch. Then took it up to knock on his door. He was probably still asleep.