The man in the tan suit took a long drag of his cigarette, not looking at the man sitting in front of him. While the man had somewhat of a chuckle on his face, his guest held a grim, nervous expression that looked even worse under the lonesome, amber lamp that lit the room.

"When do-" but the man in the tan suit interrupted him. ""Of all the gin joints and all the bars in the world, you had to walk into mine." That's how it goes, yes? I guess you must've seen it in theaters." "Casablanca was almost a hundred years before my time," the man replied, not amused by his hosts demeanor. "Right, right, of course. My wife and I love that movie."

The two men sat silently for about a minute, one biding his time and the other waiting for an answer. A sharp ringing pierced the icy silence. The man in the tan suit answered a telephone like device on his desk. The call only lasted a few seconds.

"Alright. So it has been confirmed. You're Him, the Grand Wolf King. Stupid title, I always thought. Of course as of this moment, you don't really exist..."

"Look there's no way I could've known..." said the King. "No. You, your excellency, I mean. You could not have", came the reply, now extremely grim, angry even. "Of course. No offense, your exellency but you're just two-bit hustler. A midly successful con-artist. You.... couldn't possibly have known."

"Exactly. Now I am assuming you have a plan for my reveal or something? Or... ". asked the King. "No. No. No...  you aren't... equipped, no." said the other man. He took a brief pause before starting to bring out forms dutifully. "Standard procedure requires that you fill out these forms in order, by today." He took a deep breath and looked for something in the bottom drawer as he spoke.

Then he shot the Grand Wolf King. He tried to wipe the gun clean, and put it back in it it's hiding spot. He wiped the sweat off his brow, started contently at the giant hole in the Wolf King's face, not thinking about the billions he'd saved, only the millions he'd avenged.