It had to have been two weeks now. Amber was there, in my dreams, in one way or another. It was so silly, considering I hadn’t even been friends with her in high school. She was weird, goth, and a loner. She hung out with the drug addicts, the rejects, and the bums. To be honest, she hadn’t crossed my mind for years, until two weeks ago.

The same dream, the two of us in a yellow Camaro convertible, the top down, driving down the high way like we stole the thing. The radio was blaring, the sun was shining, things seemed perfect. Just as we were crossing the bridge, I’d glance at her, and her eyes would be as red as demon blood. She’d stare at me with the intensity of a thousand suns, and I’d wake up, cold scared in a pool of my own sweat.

I didn’t know where she lived, or what she did for a living. I didn’t have Facebook, and frankly I didn’t really care. I thought she’d be off with the junkies by now, judging by her lack of care in high school. 

It was a Thursday, I was headed to work, running late and I noticed my gas light was on. Shit not again, this stupid fucking car. My sister had given me this Civic as a graduation gift, little did I know it had a gas leak I couldn’t afford to get fixed. I pulled into the station right before the highway. I pulled into a lane, got out of my car, and there she was. In the lane directly next to me, she’d seen me pull in, but was refusing to make eye contact. 

“Amber!” I yelled.

She turned, embarrassed. Face red, she looked just like she did in high school, except her hair was much longer now, down past her waist. Jet black.

“Ohh haha hi John” she managed to say.

“Not to be weird or anything, but I’ve totally been having dreams about you. And err uhh like not sexual... umm...I’ve been having dreams of us driving in a car on the highway.” I blurted all at once. I guess I should have at least tried to make small talk, but then again I didn’t even really know her. 

“Ohh that’s uhh... strange haha. You’re actually not the only person that’s told me that.” She said, slightly muffled.

“Wait really?” I said.

“Yeah, I don’t know what’s up.” She brushed her hair back, it rippled all the way down to her hips.

“Ohh haha, you think it’s like the weirdest cosmic coincidence ever?”

“Maybe” she said, looking around as if to get away quickly. She grabbed the pump out of her car. I knew it wasn’t full yet.

“Well okay it was nice talking to you...” I said awkwardly, trying to figure out why she wanted to leave so badly, she was now scrambling for her keys and walking around to the front of her car again. 


“Yeah you too” she said quickly, glancing at my car, just before stepping into hers.“Not much compared to your Camaro is it” she laughed. 

“Wait...” I started.

Before I could spit anything else out, I was hit with an insane cold. A blast of icy cold air flew in from all directions, my shoes stuck to the ground, my body completely stuck. I gasped before my lungs froze. The color drained from the gas station, the ground, the cars. Everything turned white, then turned to nothing. In an instant I was falling into nothing. In a room completely empty and white, free-falling with no end in sight. I crashed down and lost consciousness. When I awoke, I was surrounded by a small group of kids I went to high school with. Kids I never talked to, kids I wasn’t friends with. 





