The hall was wet with the smell of blood. A ghastly stench emanated from multiple rooms, their doors open with hints of movement inside each one. Barry shuddered, trying his best to hold in his breath and not make a sound as he limped along the walls. A throbbing pain came from his left leg, where he could see bone jutting out. He looked away and whimpered, the pain threatening to expose him in the dank hallway. 

He knew this was a bad idea. He should of protested more, of course the hospital would be filled with these things. It's in every cliche zombie movie ever, where the humans need supplies but the place they're located in is just infested. This was so fucking stupid. Barry was intent on giving Clay an earful when he makes it out of here.

If he makes it out of here.

Tears begin streaming down Barry's face, the whimpers and sobs blending in together forming one weird sound that made it sound like he was choking on something in the back of his throat. This wasn't supposed to happen. He was suppose to have easily gotten to the supplies, he was suppose to rendezvous with Clay and friends in the eastern exit near the stairwell, and he was suppose to get the hell out of there. 

He wasn't supposed to have fallen down from the elevator shaft and completely fucked up his leg. 
As he limped forward, finding anything familiar to him, a low growl came from behind. Barry's body jolted in fear and panic, and he stood completely still. He took a deep breath, his body going numb and cold. He turned just a tiny bit before feeling a hot burst of pain on his neck. A mangled arm held him in a deadlock, and out of fear and surprise Barry used the only weapon at his disposal. He bit into the zombie's arm, the texture coarse and rough, like biting into a shedding snake. The zombie let go and with a loud thud fell on the ground.  Barry slammed into the wall, heavy breaths trying to hold himself up.

This was it. This is the place where Barry E. Clarke would finally die. Three years after the end of the world, his time finally came. 
Barry slid down the wall and sat down. He couldn't feel his face, except for the hot tears that starting dripping down from his eyes. He looked to his right, where the zombie was starting to get back up, and a sobbed escaped him.

"Oh, Clay. I'm so sorry." Barry looked at his old friend, his blue polo shirt stained with blood, a chunk of flesh ripped out near his shoulder. Bright yellow eyes glowed in the dark, staring but not looking. He was now back on his feet, a low guttural sound constantly coming from his lips. Barry closed his eyes, not attempting to hide the pained sobs that escaped him. 

He never got to tell him. It's too late.

A step. 

Clay wa-
No.

The zombie was getting closer, footsteps echoing throughout the hallway. The other zombies already thought he was done for. They didn't even bother.

Another step. This one right in front of him. A deep breath, a step.

Then silence.

"B-Barry...?" A familiar voice. He looked up.

Two pairs of eyes. One familiar and one tired.
Confused and relieved.
Worried and confused. 
The blackness of the edges expand as one opens and the other closes, leaving the other alone.