The weirdest part is reading about yourself.

You see, in most occasions I'd be born in overpopulated, poor parts of the world where most people live. At first, ages ago, I'd try to explore, see all sides of life, absorb all cultures. However now, when I've been born on all continents, in most countries and nations it came to my understanding that living poor gives you no advantages whatsoever. So first thing I'd do when I relearn how to walk is to use my just tamed legs to walk of a cliff, in front of the moving carriage or just plunge head first down the stairs. Sorry mom & dad, at this point I don't even care. 

Using this strategy I don't loose much time and at certain point I'd pop up somewhere I see more suitable & perspective. In the past I had tried many professions, had learned many skills and tried many crafts. However my knowledge in history is...random. there's no preferred area I'd know more about as often I would be just a peasant and how would I know about different royal twists. Granted, I've been a king once, a princess twice and more often than you'd think I could get good scholarly position simply for knowing maths (which never really changes) and grammar. 

Centuries later I'd find a paragraph about myself in a history book and that would keep me entertained for a few hours. 

So yeah, it's always weird reading about yourself. 

As I mentioned, one thing which doesn't really change is maths. It's constant, solid structure gives me a nice retreat when I feel like it. Sometimes I'd even calculate probabilities of being born in a desired place and would try to kill myself when being born there is most likely. Once it actually even worked! 

Recent passion of mine is science. Physics, mainly. I'm good with maths and, by killing myself a few times I'd sooner or later get to a good place to start my scientific career. Funny thing - usually I can easily find and refer to my publications from previous lives. 

However recently I came to a conclusion that the path of scientific progression humanity has taken can end in two ways: we would either be extremely lucky, successful and proceed to a new era of discovery, or we would  wipe ourselves out using newly found techniques. As for me, I consider both scenarios as a win: I'd either see vastness of space & time not being bound to this boring planet, or I'd see the fall of humanity as one of the last humans. In both cases I'd like to be in a first row. That's why I tried hard for the last few lives to progress science even further. And now we are close to the end of a first stage...

Someone knocked on my door, "Professor Oppenheimer, Sir, we are ready for the test". 

"Yes, coming", I answered. I even know what I'd say if test succeedes: now I am become Death, the destroyer of world... funny, I was the one to say it first. In another language, in another life, ages and ages ago...