**Never done this before. Go easy, I'm fragile and terrible.**

Near the top of the Ten Thousand Steps, Garvial of Arom’Thar struggled to find his breath. Balancing the crutch that supported his bad leg was tedious enough on a normal day, but this… this was murder. He glanced back at the crowd that had gathered at the foot of the Steps, tiny shapes that still resounded with laughter at his inclusion in the ascension ceremony. Anger welled in his chest. Bitterness. He turned and drove himself on. Life had been cruel enough, he thought to himself. He wouldn’t suffer the shame of failing to finish the climb.

The climb had given Garvial all the time in the world to reminisce on how he’d arrived here. A crippled orphan in his early days, he spent most of his childhood years bedridden. The city apothecaries had told him that his lungs were stunted and would never function normally, and that his leg had been a malformation brought on while he developed in his mother’s womb. These ailments left him a sickly mess most days, and nearly made mobility impossible. At the age of ten, he had been sent to work in the Wharf District of Arom’Thar, where the city orphanage believed his disabilities would hinder him least. There, he spent most days hanging from the side of merchant and military vessels, scrubbing the ships clean and removing barnacles from their hulls. It was good work for a cripple, the rope swings used to support him took the pressure off his legs, and the sea air seemed to make his lungs feel fuller. Fate dealt him a bad hand, but Garvial came to terms with this lot. It wasn’t perfect, but it was a good enough life.

Things shifted dramatically shortly after Garvial’s 18th birthday, however. When the ascension ceremony, an old tradition of Erenthul meant to consolidate the royal line and declare the new heir to the throne had been announced, the patron of the orphanage Garvial grew up in had paid him a visit. The old man had given him a beaten wooden box, explained that the truth of his heritage was kept here, and left without another word. Inside had been a letter from Garvial’s mother, who he knew had died during childbirth. The letter explained that Garvial’s mother had been part of a harem formed for the Lord-General of Erenthul, the kingdom that had conquered Arom’Thar. Fulfilling her duty to the conqueror, she had become pregnant with the Lord-General’s child. The Lord-General, of course, was none other than the current king of Erenthul. As proof of this, his mother had also left a ring she’d stolen from the man, a ring that bore the signet of Erenthul. Garvial had been shocked. He was a cripple, a dockhand… and now a bastard prince.

His mother’s final plea in her letter was that, if another ascension ceremony took place, Garvial would participate in the trial, and attempt to regain what Erenthul had stolen from Arom’Thar… and from her. He wouldn’t fail. The road had been long, and the King’s legitimate sons had promised to slay him first if he competed, even after the court mages had verified his blood-tie to the royal line. Garvial didn’t care. He would enter in his mother’s memory. 

If he died here, at least he would finally join her.

Garvial finally stood atop the Steps. Utterly winded, he limped forward and finally collapsed at the Altar of the Pantheon. At each side, his “brothers” gazed disapprovingly, venomously. They had all completed the first step of the ritual, having found a God that shared in their ideology and swearing themselves to them. In turn, the god the prince had sworn to would make them into an avatar, bestowing them with incredible gifts fitting their god’s nature.

“Finish this, cripple!” The prince representing Zeus spat at him. 

“The sooner the God’s forsake you, the sooner we can kill you!” the avatar of Mars added.

Slowly, Garvial began the invocation. The words were ancient, and he didn’t understand a single one, but this was how the others had communicated with the altar. He repeated the chant over and over, just as they had.

A minute passed. Then another. Then five.

Nothing was happening. He chanted louder. A raven landed on the altar before him, eyeing him with what looked almost like… amusement. He shrugged the very thought off and continued. Still nothing.

Garvial began panicking. This was a mistake, he thought. I should never have come here.

Zeus’s avatar chuckled viciously. “Time’s up, bastard.”

Garvial tried to reply “Please, just another minute-“

Before he could finish speaking, the avatar had gripped Garvial by his tunic collar, invoked the superhuman strength of Zeus and threw him bodily over the Ten Thousand Steps. 

Garvial barely had the wits to gather that he had failed, and that he was going to die. He looked around, bewildered. He was facing the sky. The clouds above were shrinking fast, and the raven from the altar was flying high above him in a circle. The world began to go black, and he felt at ease knowing he’d faint before he hit the ground.

Only, he never fainted.

