I trembled with rage as I stood in the courtyard. It was bad enough that I was expected to meet this creature; to have to meet it outside of the throne room broke all formality. A promise is a promise, and I intended to keep my word. I keep my word to this day. Yet, late at night, I do wonder if I did the right thing.

My daughter had been kidnapped by a dragon. When this happens to a princess, her father offers a “great reward” to the rescuer. What the reward is varies. Traditionally, we offer jewels, gold, a lordship, or the girl. In my case, my daughter was twenty years old. I wanted her to be married before she became barren. I was losing hope. Every time I demanded that she marry, she repulsed her suitor. I had begged the last one to reconsider, but he was having none of it and none of her. That was her last available cousin. I had to do something.

This is why I had looked favorably on the whole affair: the kidnapping seemed to come at a fortunate time. Dragon-slaying was how my paternal grandparents met. If she wouldn’t have a prince, count, duke, baron, or anyone with a high rank, then a lowly but brave knight would do. I needed to assure continuance of the royal line. Unfortunately, I had only one very stubborn daughter, and talks about duty had failed. A muscled lad risking life and limb was good enough for her great-grandmother, and might be just the trick I needed. If a dragon needed to serve as my kingdom’s matchmaker once more, than so be it.

What I had not expected was this gigantic, scaled creature in front of me. It lowered down its mighty head, and looked at me with its gigantic, yellow eye. The long, black slit of a pupil dilated and contracted as it considered me. My daughter walked over merrily and embraced me.

“Hi, daddy,” She beamed a smile up at me, and then turned to look up at the giant yellow eye, “Daddy, this is, Ͷoǫɒɿb, my rescuer.”

“I see that, yes,” I regally maintained my composure, “But what does he want?”

“What you promised, Daddy.”

I looked up at his awe-inspiring, reptilian form, and then down at my smiling, petite daughter.

“Impossible.”

I looked at her tear-filled eyes, and then back up at the red-scaled monstrosity. I kept looking up and down; it seemed utterly inconceivable. I began to wish that I hadn’t sequestered her in the castle for so much of her life. Perhaps, I thought, I should have let her be around young men more often.

“Darling—”

“I love him!”

“I know that you *feel* that you love him, but—”

*But you did promise,* A voice said. 

It was not spoken. It had somehow slithered into my mind. I looked around for the source of the voice. Unable to see it, I looked at the dragon. It looked placidly back.

*I can appreciate that your intentions were noble,* It continued, *But I expect you to follow through on them.*

“I know that I promised,” I said aloud, not knowing how else to respond to the creature, “But I’m the king, and she is my daughter! I’m not having my only child marry a m—what you are.”

*Promises mean everything among my kind,* The pupil widened as the massive eyelid narrowed, *Tell me, when a lie is told, then what do you think saying ‘sorry’ means to a dragon?*

“I wouldn’t know,” I said stiffly, “But I do apologize for the mis—”

*The answer is ‘not much.’ I have no interest in other, possible rewards, treasury or trinkets. Lies hurt, my dear, human king. Letting go is hard, I know. But let me assure you that in this case, holding on will be much harder. I fulfilled my side of your bargain. A good character is shown when one keeps a promise. Now, my king, tell me, what sort of character are you?*

I don’t know why I did what I did next. It happened in a blur. I worry, at times, that his mental speech had an affect on me. I acquiesced then and there. The wedding was held shortly afterward. I handed over the throne shortly afterward. It’s five years later, and my daughter still seems happy. She’s had four children since, and I try not to consider the physics involved in that. The grandchildren look a little frightening, but they are good kids on the whole. They are adorable, once you get used to them, and I can never seem to tell them no.

Still, sometimes, late at night, I cannot sleep. When this happens, I stroll through the heraldry room. I look upon the painted faces of generations gone by, and at the intricate, ancient tapestries. When I approach the latest family portrait, then I can’t help but wonder what my ancestors would say, and I feel ashamed. No one will want to intermarry with us now; the purity of the family line has been forever tainted.