 "The white clouds have been a lie!", from the Devil, so devilishly grinning, as if the deed's been easy. It wasn't.

 His voice was looming over me, with no clear direction, nor anything that could have ever hinted at it's mere existence.

 I've died from, what seems to me, a mere accident. Not by virtue of the folly of man, death, bombing, or the countless, nay, endless list of evil deeds. No, this was sudden, as if a clerical error, only, dealing with my life. A truly perfect metaphor for such a pathetic form of life I was.

 In-fact, when I saw these steps, I'd assume that I was mistaken for my neighbor, that bastard with his smile.

 The steps, on the topic, were the whitest thing I've seen since, well, myself. A better response would be Iggy, but I'm not into shit-eating-pigs, nor do I have any interest in said shit-eating-pigs.

 I'm sorry, I'm in the presence of Christ himself. Or, whatever the hell he's calling himself this time. One day he's Christ, the next he's God, the next he's...um...Allah? I'm sorry, I'm not well versed in Fiction. I'm more of a hard-sci-fi kind of guy. That joke doesn't even make any sense.

 After days of, waiting, wandering, and whatever else you could wonder of, I've made my way to the gates. The gates, they shine, they shine so beautifully. Then I notice the giant pile of rotting lumps of red. That red being, who knows what. I mean that as in, it's a mile high mound of greasing, and molding bodily fluids, only held together by, what seems, like ground beef.

 That beef, of-course, it's not beef. As I wonder, why, I want to know, what? As we all know, it's never 'why' that matters, at-least not immediately. No, no no no, the things that have always mattered is, 'what'. That 'what', being, what in the hell is going here?

 Hell! Hell, of-course it's Hell!

 I've not landed in Heaven! It's Hell!
 
 As I've made this realization, the Devil himself greets me. He's a large ol' chap, with teeth of a dragon, and feet of a dragon, and arms of a dragon, and face of a dragon, and body of a dragon, and...he's a dragon.

 He's not the devil, he's a dragon!

 The dragon's breath smells like a smoker's ashes, that being their bones. It's stench, the dragon, overwhelms me with a feeling of, what can only be described as, absolute nausea.

 "Your God is mine alone!", it speaks like the monster I've imagined it being.

 Has it grown an obsession? That's the question I ponder. Once you're dead, trust me, what else would matter?

 Of-course! What else would matter! Afterlife is, apparently, not a human construct, but rather an actuality; a fact! It never mattered now! It couldn't!

 I ignore the beast, as worried as I may seem, it never mattered!

 I walk past, and towards the chair.

 The chair, it omits such dear light, as if it was the light itself. It glows so incandescently, and worships my existence like I was a good man; the best there is. The glow consumes me. The glow devours my existence, and shines like a God's last wish upon thee.

 It ever-lasts inside, I cannot show it, or even physically witness the beauty, but it lives within. The light wanders inside, looking without confusion.

 It is.

 I sit.

 I stare.

 I demand.

 I die.

 I live.

 I am.