I could hear the shattering of glass, as my car rolled over and over.  But at some point, I could hear nothing else... even my screams had faded.  

It was dark for a time, who knows how long?  But a golden light gripped me, and I was lifted up.  I thought it might be search and rescue, but as my eyes were bathed in the light, I opened them to see clouds.  And the fact that I was laying on top of them.  

It was like in a video game; the clouds were solid on top, though a bit spongy to the touch.  I was still wearing the clothes I had one when I crashed, t-shirt, jeans, leather jacket, sunglasses.  That's just how I like to dress myself, I didn't die in the 80's. 

I got to my feet, and stretched.  Felt like I had been asleep for ages, but my body felt fine.  No blood, no cuts.  I turned to survey my surroundings... and see a golden gate, torn from its hinges.  Parts of it were still swinging in the breeze, but they made an awful sound when they did so.  

I walked through the 'gates' and continued walking.  Inside, was a lot of fog.  It was hard to make things out. Way in the distance, I thought I could see a building of some sort.  The building looked like an amalgamation of various building styles... as if it was built and rebuilt over hundreds of years.  There were no doors when I got close, but some stone pieces lay on the ground.  Maybe the doors were shattered? 

The walls were lined with drawings, stained glass (which was mostly shattered), and lines of golden light pulsating and flowing through tubes on the ground, and up the walls.  At the back center of the place was a throne.  A woman sat on it, but she didn't seem to have seen me.  

"Hello?" I called out, but heard no reply.  She was still as a painting. 

As I got closer, I realized she was possibly bleeding.  Her face was stained with golden liquid.  Her body and clothes were stained with more.  I rushed over to her, and touched her shoulder.  I tried to get her to move, but she remained still.  

I pulled my hand away, but it had some of the melted-looking gold on it.  As I lifted it to my get a closer look, it started to glow... and soon it was moving down my arm.  

"Oh god, what is this?"  

"She ain't here anymore..." I heard from the other end of the building.  A figure was at the other end.  He seemed dressed like an Elvis Impersonator straight out of Las Vegas, but there was no mistaking the swagger as he got closer to me.  *It was Elvis*.  

"Your..."

He smiled.  "Nice to meet a fan, and all.  Ah, the gold is coming in nicely."  I had momentarily forgot about my gold problem, which was up to my neck now.  It was starting to spread across the rest of my body, under my clothes.  

"Ah, what is this stuff?"  

He put his hand on my other shoulder.  "That's the stuff of legends.  Stuff dreams are made of, kid.  It takes everything you are, and everything you could be, and makes it reality.  She might be gone, but the war's not over."  

"War?"  

"Of course, war... who else could destroy Heaven?  Think hard, now."  

"I'll cover you," he said, and he was outside.  I heard screeching, and the sound of a guitar, and Elvis began singing Hound Dog... while my body became enveloped in this golden liquid.  

But I heard Her speak.  "Hello, young one.  I'm sorry that you're dead.  But I need help.  Heaven is in ruins.  Demons and Devils are pouring through the gate.  The only hope we have is you, and the dead mortals that came before you.  My blood will unlock your potential, and make you something more than mortal."  

Suddenly I was unconcerned, even when the gold had spread up to my head.  Eventually it enveloped me completely, and I was blind.  In life, I hadn't yet amounted to much.  Like She said, I was a little young to die.  But I could feel Her there, searching my mind.  I was alright with languages, I had studied and learned a few.  I was in a martial arts class, aikido, trained with guns since I was 10.  I had a fascination with history, and loved researching secrets of the past.  All in all, I may have become a spy had I lived long enough on Earth.  But up here, I just hoped the 'skills' I had would help.  

I opened my eyes, and looked down... I was wearing a tuxedo.  I had a wristwatch, a ring on my right finger, and I could feel several guns lining my jacket.  I heard explosives outside, so I started to run toward the end.  But the first thing I noticed was how quick I was.  I managed to get to the end of the room in what seemed like a second.  But I was faster on the draw, too.  I ducked behind some of the stone, and reached into my pocket, pulling out a large revolver... as if I had done this a hundred times before.  

Elvis was still singing, but his guitar and voice seemed to be causing the enemy to writhe in pain.  They didn't really look like demons I had seen before, though they were red and had horns.  They were hulking beasts, something you'd see in a movie.  I took aim at one, and shot.  I was surprised to see I shot golden light instead of bullets.  I pulled the cylinder out, and pulled one of the bullets out.  It looked like a bullet, but it was glowing.  I put it back, and kept firing, and took them out one by one.  I was like a machine.  I put the gun back in my jacket, and walked out toward Elvis, who finished the song.  

"A spy, eh?  Might be useful.  Hope you got some more weapons than that, though.  Those were small fry."  As if on cue, we heard a roar in the distant fog.  "C'mon, kid.  Let's get hunting."  