Hope I'm not too late to the party...

The faelings were the first to notice the stirring of life. The tiny glittering dragons, the size of a rose’s bloom-- the most in touch with nature. They were precious little things, more faery than dragon in truth, and more in touch with nature than even myself. Their arrival and their chittering was a comfort in my anxiety as I waited to feel the change of motherhood, they already knew had begun. Their song drifted to all corners of the world, a celebration of new life.

It was when I felt the first swelling of my belly that the wyrms made themselves present. Long serpentine dragons with two forelegs and tiny stunted wings. They wove themselves among the trees around my home, draping themselves from the branches. They created a web of tooth and fang and safety around the forest. Ready to protect the life that stirred within me.

When my body swelled with life, even more, the wyverns came. Their great bodies carried by even greater wings. They danced in the sky, magnificent scales reflecting sunlight, to entertain me. A myriad of colors blazing against the pale blue. They guarded the sky above as the wyrms guarded the earth below.

When my belly bulged and I could hardly move, I was graced by the presence of the Lung. Four great ancient beasts with long elegant bodies. They flew through the sky by ancient art, twisting their lithe bodies through the air. Their great manes streaming in the wind. They brought me offerings of food and gold on days I could not stir from slumber. My body was so heavy in those days. Most importantly they brought with them ancient knowledge otherwise forgotten by all. They spoke of the past, long ago, when the births were not so rare. I was regaled with stories of old when more of my kind dotted the earth, so many of us that even the wide world could not sustain our presence.

The pain is the first thing I remember on my blessed day. Great stabbing pain that doubled me over in agony. When I cried out all the dragons winced and looked away, all except the Lung. They whispered words of encouragement, reminding me to breathe. I remember them bobbing their great heads in understanding as I bared my teeth in pain.

I had all but given up - the pain unbearable, when I saw a glint of gold. Far off on the horizon, his great wings beat the air with purpose. He came towards me with the determination I had seen only once before. As he approached I heard his great voice sounding on the wind. All the dragons raised their heads and joined their voices with his.

The chorus of dragon trumpet shook through my body, vibrated in my bones, and strengthened my resolve. With great pain and effort, I pushed. I raised my great maw to the sky and resonated with them. My great scarlet wings snapped open and I trumpeted to them, “We are the last no more!”

For I had laid five precious eggs, protected by all that was left of dragon-kin.