Sub-Branch Officer Clevi stood before her superior, Bough Officer Fergh, watching him leaf through her report.  The details were hard to believe for even herself, and she had been there.  So she wasn't surprised when she was called in to report in person.  Even so, a shiver ran through her feathers as she realized that if Fergh didn't believe her report, she would likely be discharged without honor.  
  
"Sub-Branch Officer," Fergh started.  An in-auspicious start, thought Clevi. "I think I would like to hear your thoughts in person."  Even seated behind a desk, Fergh's presence was towering.  
  
"Yes, Bough Officer Fergh.  Where would you like me to start, Sir?"  
  
"From the beginning.  Tell me just HOW you ended up among a flight of Humans.  Your mission shouldn't have brought you anywhere near their territory!"  
  
"Yes, Sir.  But it is apparent now that they are nearing our territory."  
  
Fergh sighs and nods.  "More than you know."  
  
"Sir?"  
  
"Continue."  
  
"Yes.  As I'm sure you are aware Sir, while on patrol our group was ambushed by a wing of Lurit fighters.  My craft was damaged heavily and I was forced to land it on a habitable moon around the second gas giant.  The outpost there was also under attack so I was unable to land anywhere near it.  As per procedure I dispatched a messenger torpedo with a distress signal and my landing coordinates and I stayed with my ship to preserve resources and utilize it for shelter and protection.
  
It was only a local day before a ground force of Lurit found me.  Following protocol, I exchanged fire until it was clear that I would be unable to fight them all off, at which time I then attempted to arrange a surrender."  
  
Fergh nods.  "Understandable."  
  
"We were unable to reach an agreement.  The Lurit prepared to resume their attack.  That's when I saw the rock hit their commander's head."  
  
"A rock."    
  
"Yes Sir."  She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a grayish rock the size of her palm.  "This rock."     
  
"You stated that one of the humans threw it?"  
  
"Yes Sir.  When one of the Lurit fired back at the source of the thrown rock, the Humans opened fire from every direction and swiftly eliminated the group of Lurit.  As per procedure I attempted to negotiate a surrender to the Humans.  They would not accept either; apparently they found my surrender humorous.  Instead, they offered first aid and a share of their supplies."  
  
"Why the rock?"  
  
"I asked that, Sir.  I was informed that they were under strict orders not to fire unless fired upon.  The soldier I spoke with said that since he threw the rock it didn't count as firing at them.  Then his leader yelled at him to pick up every rock in the area so it wouldn't happen again."  
  
"He did what?"  
  
"I still don't understand it, Sir.  I would have questioned the order, but the soldier saluted his superior and executed the order.  He was doing that smiling thing with the teeth as he did so, Sir.  When they were ready to move on, he had collected a sizeable pile and gave me the stone he threw."  Clevi shook her feathers out in disbelief.  "I wish I could say that was the only mystifying thing they did.  But it wasn't.

When they were ready to leave they informed me that I should join them.  I insisted that I should stay with my craft, but they disagreed and I felt I was in no position to protest.  I quickly found out that they were cut off from their craft as well, and were taking a circuitous route around the forces blocking their way.  Over the next 10 planetary days I discovered a lot about them.  They truly did rescue me; I was not a captive.  In fact they actually incorporated me into their command structure."  She paused, trying to find the right way to emphasize what probably looked like a minor note in her report.  "If a human ever says to you 'hold my beer' they are about to do something incredibly insane.  However, the results will always be equally surprising, usually in a positive way.  But not always.  I cannot explain it in any satisfactory way."  
  
Fergh lets the silence following her statement stretch.  Finally he picks up her report and sets it aside before picking up another smaller folder.  Opening it, he reveals the bright teal and yellow marks of a Confidential Order.  "There was a member of the Human flight called John Hawkins."  
  
Still confused over the Confidential Order that Fergh so casually revealed to her, it took her a moment to realize the statement was meant as a question.  "Y-Yes Sir.  He was their medic.  He treated my wounds and was the most fluent in the Trade Tongue."  
  
"Three days ago a Human ship dropped out of subspace INSIDE our defensive perimeter.  Our engineers are so at a loss at how it happened that they are molting like chicks.  They're trying to find a way to do it safely, but based on your report I don't think the Humans have the same set of priorities we do."  He shakes out his feathers and begins to rearrange the papers in the report.  "Before we could react, the Human ship broadcasted a request for diplomatic talks.  Not threats or demands, but talks of alliance."  
  
"But if they could.."  
  
"After that display, how could we say no?  Half of the government wants to just humor them until they go away.  The other half wants an alliance in hopes having the Humans with us will scare the Lurit off.  Either way, we did ask to limit the number of Humans on our planet.  We didn't expect them to send only one, this John Hawkins."  
  
"I'm not sure I can tell you much of any worth about him, Sir."  
  
"I'm not asking you to."  Slowly, he slides the Confidential Order across his desk to place it in front of Clevi.  "Other than the diplomatic talks and basic necessities, he had only one request.  He asked for you, by name, to assist him."  
  
Clevi's universe is suddenly upside down.  She's too stunned to reply.  
  
"Sub-Branch Officer Clevi, an entire race of unpredictable yet frighteningly effective people are at our doorstep.  We need you.  As your superior, I must command you to do this.  But as a fellow Highlin, I can't possibly ask you to subject yourself to this insanity one more."  He reaches across the desk and takes the Orders back.  "If you decline, I'll take the responsibility.  My superiors can figure something else out.  You don't have to do this."  
  
"I'll do it."  
  
"Are you sure?"  
  
"Hold my beer."
 