"Well, that's why you don't trust Samoans..." I trailed off as I realize that something is not quite right. I was reasonably sure that I had just been walking down the street, talking to my good buddy Sully on the phone, but I was now decidedly not on a street. 

"This isn't a street at all!" I exclaimed loudly, as I noticed the ring of candles surrounding me. They sat at the edges of a hastily drawn pentagram. The small room seemed unnaturally hot, and I wondered if there was some sort of furnace near by. I quickly stopped wondering anything of the sort, however, after I noticed the man in purple robes gazing at me fixedly from the far wall of the room. 

I sat there, gaping at him, until I realized that I was still holding my phone. 

"Sully? Are you there?" I asked. No response. I pulled the phone off of my ear and looked at it. No bars. The call had ended. I looked back up at the robed man, who was smiling somewhat smugly. 

"Who are you?" I demanded, with all the authority I could muster after having been unwillingly apparition-ed. Apparited? I don't know. 

"I am the blue wizard of the north, and I hath summoned thee, in order to use your dark talents." the man intoned haughtily. 

"What is this, some kind of nerd convention?" I inquired. "How did you get me here? Did you drug me?" 

"Erhm- no. I hath...summoned thee," he repeated, somewhat befuddled. 

I looked back down at the pentagram, the candles, and was about to berate the man further, when I heard it. The unmistakable sound of something very large, breathing quietly. I looked hastily to me left, where I noticed the open window for the first time. 

"What in God's name..." I half whispered. The man flinched slightly, but I was too entranced to notice. 

Outside of the window, gazing unperturbed at me like a common house cat, stood the hulking figure of what I could only assume was a living, breathing dragon. 

"Ah!" I exclaimed, falling backwards. I tried to scurry away,  but an unstoppable force seemed to be pinning me to the ground. I looked down, only to realize that I had reached the edge of the pentagram. I looked back up at the man in terror, and then back at the dragon. 

"What are you doing to me?" I demanded frantically. 

"Nothing...yet," the man replied, somewhat lackadaisically. 

"I can tell that you're faking that lackadaisical-ness!" I shouted back. The man recoiled slightly, and then recovered himself. 

"So it's true..." he muttered. 

It was at that moment precisely, that I gave up on trying to understand. 

"Oh yeah?" I asked, still locking eyes with several tons of dragon. 

"Your kind, they can see falsehoods!" the man announced excitedly. 

"My kind?" I inquired without looking. 

"Homos." 

"Excuse me?" I demanded, suddenly turning towards him. "I may have taken a couple looks or two at my fellow man, but who hasn't in this day and age-" 

"I'm sorry, do you prefer Sapien?" he asked. "Or human?" he added, in afterthought. 

"Oh...yeah, human is good." 

___
/r/Periapoapsis 