Thor raised Mjolnir high.  

"Heathen! Join with US in Valhalla, and every day will be battle. At night, my Valkyries will tend your wounds as we drink mead and revel in our longhouses!"  

"Eh, I kinda did that phase in college. What else have we got?"  

Vishnu came forth. "Your faith is imperfect, but choose my path, and you can be reincarnated to continue your journey."  

"Hmm, maybe in a few millennia if humans are even still going strong then. Not right now. Have you checked out Earth lately? It's kind of a shithole not least of all for your followers."  

Huitzilopochtli appeared. "Human! Your fate depends on certain factors. In life, were you sacrificed?"  

"My ex-wife absolutely took me to the cleaners in the divorce, does that count?"  
"You have my sympathies, but it does not."  
"Well, I was an analyst in the military so I caused a lot of death-"  
"Ah!"  
"...by PowerPoint."  
"Ah. I will have to investigate what this is. If it is sufficiently brutal, you might qualify to ascend on hummingbird wings to assist in the bliss of pushing the sun across the heavens."  
"Uh.... huh? Lemme shop around a little more."  

I saw an unassuming man in a sweater.  
"No. It can't be."  
"Hello, Neighbor! I'm glad you're here."  
"You were a god all along?! Hmmm..."  
"Oh, no. But belief is what's important here. I told a lot of people I believed in them and liked them just the way they were and, well, a lot of them believed in me and liked me just the way I was. That was enough!"  

Soul tears of pure energy welled up in my soul eyes.  

"There weren't that many people in Mesopotamia, but their gods are all here too for people who like them. Can you say Meso-po-tamia? I knew you could."  

"Wh-what do you in your afterlife?"  
"We tell stories, and go to the Neighborhood of Make Believe a lot. King Friday the 13th is still there, but we agreed it would be fun to share, so we each take turns for a day. Sometimes we try and help lost souls and we always promise to believe in each other and try to like each other just the way we are."  

I doubted I needed to hear more.  

"Oh, and I always take off and put on my shoes the same way each and every day."  

I snapped my fingers and pointed directly at him.

