I awoke in the comfort of my tattered bed, trying to remember the last time I made it. I felt fatigued, and dirty. Between my matted hair and groggy eyes I was lost, trying to battle my inner stress. I got up and walked to the kitchen, then heated some cheap biscuits in the microwave. The sausage inside was warm, but it tasted like my laziness.

"It's 7AM, you've got all the time in the world to enjoy yourself. Stop worrying," I muttered to myself.

Convinced that my decisions are rational, that I am a master of organization, I fooled myself into the same trap that has been tormenting me for a perceived eternity. I placed my empty plate in the sink, and trudged my way back to my room. There I discovered that my desktop was still on, with a video game on one monitor and my writing software on the other. The page was blank. My conscious was oblivious to why it was in such a state. My subconscious was completely aware. 

Nevertheless I carried on, somehow deciding to continue where I left off with the game, only pausing to get a water bottle from my fridge, as well as a bag of potato chips. I mindlessly toiled with time until the day was nearing noon, and I was hungry once more. Leaving the computer on, I walked out my dorm, and silently navigated the hallway to the elevator. Each time I leave, I regret paying for a private dorm, wishing that I had companions I could call out to for help. I viciously beat myself up in the elevator, and called out my own character into question:

"You idiot, look at the amount of time you've wasted!"

"What are you doing? It's almost over and you're gonna blow it away just like that? What would father think of–"

I gasped at my own sentiments, trying to hold back the tears I almost brought out. I hurried out of the building and drove to a local diner. I spent another ten minutes trying to calm myself down before I entered, then sat down and ordered a burger and fries.

As I was eating, and poorly attempting to avoid any sobs, I heard my name being called out from across the diner.

"Hey James! Relaxing before our last day huh?"

I raised my head to see my friend Tom, a lab buddy of mine for the past 4 years.
I chuckled.

"Yeah, I can't believe we've made it this far. It's like we started yesterday."

"Well I'm glad we didn't start yesterday, otherwise we wouldn't have had time to finish!" Tom exclaimed as he winked. "Well, I'm off, see you tomorrow James."

I maintained my composure until he left, and afterwards I sat with my face in the table. I woke up again, and it was dark. Fear threw me out of my chair, and I ran out of the diner. When I arrived at my dorm it was 8PM. I scrambled to my desk and began typing furiously. I felt a rush, as if i had been fueled by some sort of narcotics. Words filled the screen faster than I could comprehend. I typed and I typed, striking sinister sentences on the page, not even knowing if they were coherent. Just when I thought I was in a rhythm, I question appeared in my eyes:

Today's date: May 19, 2016. Continue, or restart?

I pondered whether I could make it if I continued, and checked both my progress and restart attempts:

Repeat #7212. 60 page thesis. 7 pages complete.
