I was alone, shaking, cold and shivering. The rain was heavy and unyielding, and the air had a rusty and metallic scent to it. It reminded me of something, but I couldn’t put my finger on what… 

I was standing on a train platform, though I couldn’t quite remember how I had gotten there. Or where I was going. It was dark out, so I assumed it was late. But the sky above was devoid of stars. Devoid of…anything really. There was nothing above but a deep blackness and when I looked up it felt like I was peering down into a endless dark hole with no end in sight. 

Where was I? 

Who was I? 

“Hello baby.” 

I jumped and turned to see a little boy standing next to me. He was peering up at me with a wide toothed grin. I realized for the first time that I was naked and I brought my arm up to cover my breasts out of reflex. 

“H-hello,” I stammered. “I didn’t…I didn’t see…” 

“You didn’t see me? I know. That’s because you did’t know me before. Now you do. I’m Aafiya.” 

“Nice to meet you,” I said awkwardly. “I’m…well….I’m…”

“That’s ok,” he replied. “You don’t have to tell me your name. I know it’s hard.” 

He sat down on the platform Indian style and patted the pavement next to him. Feeling strange, I parked myself down uncomfortably next to him. 

“Are you cold, baby?” 

“A bit.” I frowned. “Where are we?” 

“They call this the In Between,” He talked casually, as if he was discussing a day at elementary school. “It’s a lot bigger than this, but this is the place you go when you are coming. Or leaving.” 

“Why are we the only ones here?”

“Oh, we’re not. There are lots and lots of other people. Look around.” 

I glanced about myself, confused. There was nothing else here, just a deserted platform that seemed to stretch on as a long as the eye could see. Which in this darkness wasn’t particularly far. 

“Keep looking,” he said with a grin. 

I peered into the dark, feeling somewhat stupid. And then, I felt something. Like the forboding feeling you get when you’re alone at night but you still feel the presence of someone of something in the room with you. I sensed movement in the shadows… no, that wasn’t it. 

The shadows themselves were moving! All about us there were shadows, imprints of people, standing, sitting, waiting. There were hundreds. Thousands. Millions! 

A shiver came down my spine.

“Who are they,” I whispered.

“They’re the newcomers,” he said simply. “Or the ones who are fading.”

“Why can’t we see them?”

“Because we don’t know them,” he said. “Or we don’t know their names, baby.”

Why do you keep calling me baby?” I asked a little irritably. 

He giggled. “Because you are a baby. Or at least you were one.”

I narrowed my eyes. 

“I think you’ve got things mixed up, honey.” 

“No,” he said with confidence. “You’re a baby. All the nameless are babies.”

“The nameless?” I blinked. “I’m not nameless. I have a name. It’s…” I went silent. 

The little one laughed, almost sympathetically. 

“It’s okay. I know it seems weird. But it won’t matter. You’ll only be here a little while anyway.” 

I looked down at him perplexed. 

“What’s going on here?” 

“It’s the In Between,” he explained again. “It’s where everyone goes after their first death. The physical death.”

I went pale. “I’m dead?”

“No. Your body is dead. And your mind, I guess.” 

“But…but then…what’s left!?”  

He smiled. “Your memory. Here is where all those stay as long as memory remains. When the memory fades, we go with it. But memories are attached to names. And if you don’t have a name… you don’t have much of a memory, I guess.” 

“But I don’t understand!” I shouted frustrated. “I’m not a baby!”

“Well, you’re not a baby now,” he said. “You’re just a memory. Like a ghost, of what could have been. After our first death, we come here. What we are and what we feel here are reflections of the mark we made on people’s lives.” 

I went silent. I wanted to argue but I couldn’t. I couldn’t even remember anything that came before. Only vague glimpses…water…and loud sounds…and the rusty smell…

Aafiya looked at me, as if he could read my mind. “You’re shivering,” he said.

“It’s raining,” I said. 

“Only to you,” he said. “It’s bright and sunny for me. Someone is probably mourning you. Your mother, maybe. Do you know her name?”

I sat and thought. 

“Cassie,” I muttered. 

He nodded. “When the Named come here, they usually appear in the forms that most people remember them as. The ones with the strongest names sometimes have the least stable forms.”

“The Nameless are different,” he went on. “You weren’t around long enough to make an impression outside the mind of your mother. Most of the Nameless, if they don’t appear as infants, take the form of their mother.” 

I peered down at my hands. It looked as if I could see straight through my palms, as if they were fading away. As if they never really existed. 


His little hand touched mine and clutched my fingers. I noticed his hand seemed to be vanishing to. 

“Don’t be sad,” he said. “Everyone fades. It has to happen. You should be excited.” 

“Why?” 

“Because when old names die, new names take their place,” he said, his eyes brightened. “I’m ready for my new name. You should be too.”  



