“I-I’m sorry, what?” Samuel stuttered, his anxiety building up again. One moment, he was lounging around in his TV Chair binging Gurren Lagann for the upteenth time, the next he’s sitting in an office chair in a terrifyingly white room. A suited man sits in front of him, donning golden, gleaming eyes, wild orange hair, a magnificent beard, and a cocky as hell grin. His feet were kicked up on a mahogany desk right in front of him.


“You heard me buddy, you’re one of the seven deadly sins,” he replied, an amused chuckle escaping his throat.


“I-I’m… In Hell? D-Does that make you… The Devil?” asked a confused Samuel. He nervously fiddles with the frayed strings loosely dangling from his dirty grey sweater that barely covers his unsightly gut, which slightly spills over his unwashed blue jeans. 


“Yep and yep. Seventh person to ever come in here. Good thing too, the other six were gettin’ a bit lonely.”


“...H-How am I… H-How am I the seventh person to enter Hell? I th-thought there would be, like… Th-Thousands, millions even!”


“Well,” The Devil sighed, moving from his laxed position to one more formal, as if this were an interview. “You see, most people assume hell is where all the bad people go, and that’s true to a certain extent. What they don’t teach you is that only the real worthless go here, the ones that God has absolutely no use for. Usually the real bad people have some sort of skill set God could use. Let’s take Hitler: sure, he murdered six million Jews, but the man could paint and God was a bit short on decent painters.”


“...H-Hitler got into heaven?”


“Yep. Hitler got into heaven.”


Sam’s spirits dropped harder than the bomb on Hiroshima. It hurts to be told you’re absolutely worthless, but it’s something else entirely when a mass murderer has significantly more worth than you. He absolutely couldn’t accept this fate, mind starting to frantically search for ways out of this horrid nightmare.


“Th-This has to be a mistake,” Sam pleaded, “th-there’s no way I’m w-worse than Hitler! I had to have done something worthwhile!”


“Oh, really?” the Devil cooed, a malicious grin forming on his lips. “You really think you did something worthwhile?”


“Y-Yes! I h-had to have meant… S-Something in the world!"


The Devil bent down and pulled open a desk drawer, returning with a portfolio thinner than Sam could ever hope to be. He tossed it on the desk, letting it slide right over to Sam.


“That right there is a portfolio of everything you’ve ever done that the Big Man Upstairs thought was even remotely important. Go ahead, open it, see what it says,” he invited. Sam immediately lurched towards the desk, snatching the portfolio off of it, and opened it. It was utterly empty.


“If it counts, that was the most effort you ever put into something,” said the Devil.


Sam sat dumbfounded. He couldn’t believe it. He absolutely refused to believe it. There was no possible way he could possibly fathom it. Everybody has to be worth something, right?


“...Wh-What…?” he barely stuttered out, the realization that his life was completely meaningless slowly setting in.


“What? What were you expecting? You didn’t even graduate middle school, you don’t have a job, and you lived with your parents doing nothing but sitting on your fat ass all day watching your stupid Japanese cartoons! What use would anybody have for you?”


“...H-How… How did I die?” Sam weakly asked, tears beginning to form behind his thin metal-framed glasses.


“Of a heart attack while you were sleeping. Your parents didn’t arrive in time, and frankly, they didn’t really care.”


Sam’s body shuddered as tears dripped down his pudgy cheeks. Utterly worthless. Utterly useless. Worse than Hitler. 


“Oh don’t cry you waste of skin. I absolutely despise crybabies.”


Despite the Devil’s words, Sam broke out into big heaving sobs. Despite the fat packed onto his large frame his soul was so weak and frail and oh so easily shattered. The Devil sighed.


“Look, I know it’s tough knowing you only got in because you were worth absolutely nothing in the eyes of God and he couldn’t care less about you, but there’s an upside to this: you’re one of the Deadly Seven Sins now, and you’ve got about six new friends that just can’t wait to greet you,” the Devil said, his tone firm and reassuring. He chuckled as he reached over to a lever that just recently popped into existence, his malicious smile growing wider and wider. 


“Welcome to Hell, Sloth. Hope you enjoy your stay!” he exclaimed, throwing the lever back. A small square area big enough to fit Sam and his seat disappeared in a puff of smoke, and suddenly Sam is falling, and falling, and falling, horrified eyes watching as he plummeted through all nine circles of hell only to hit the ground with a loud, disgusting splat. The last thing he felt before losing consciousness was a sense of deep regret, deep pain, and hunger for some nachos.


------------------
If you read all this, thank you! I absolutely love writing and I wanna improve, so I hope to get some good constructive criticism. Thanks!
