Cries of help bounced up the dirty concrete walls and through the rusty fire escapes. Thick drops of acid rain fell from the gray, polluted sky, pattering against my umbrella. It took a last drag and stubbed out my cigarette.

The alley was like any other in this godforsaken city – windowless, filled with garbage containers, and with graffiti like old fading tattoos. Popping the holster open, I placed my hand on the wooden grip and strode into the alley.

Cornered at the very end of the alley, a dainty dame was fending off a small leathery attacker with wide swings of her vanity bag. She was a real looker too – plump in the right places, a dolly face framed by streaks of golden hair, and long, lithe gams wrapped in dark nylon.

I glanced at the tiny leather creature on the wet ground, bouncing up and down, yelping and growling. This was the third one I’d come across this week. Disgusting little critters with razor sharp teeth – they’d rip you right open in your sleep.

Carefully, I pulled out my roscoe, opening the reserve box – two slugs ought to be enough. 

“Ma’am, step away from the wallet.”

She glanced at me, her blue eyes wide in terror. She was a green one – some upper-class bim, lost on the wrong side of the train tracks. She took a step back, almost tripping over one of her shoes that she had dropped in the battle.

Two quick ones. The loud echoes climbed the walls. I spun the revolver around my finger and placed it back in the holster. The heel of my boot came down on the smoking remains of the wallet.

“Thanks,” she mumbled and crouched down, strapping her shoe back on, and then started to pick up the items that had fallen out of her bag.

“Breeze,” I said and nodded at the street. “This ain’t no place for frails and old men.”

She managed a scowl despite her shivers and dripping wet face. 

“Do you mind?” she asked, looking expectantly at my umbrella.

“Uh-huh,” I muttered and started lighting a new cig.

“Please?”

I took a drag, shrugged, and then shifted a couple of feet toward her, covering her from the rain. Even through the smell of my cigarette, I caught a whiff of her expensive perfume.

“You smoke?”

“Gods no,” she said and finally got up. “Can you take me to Caledonia Plaza?”

“Do I look like a flivver chauff’?”

“You look like a criminal,” she said briskly.

“And you, like a dish – what’s your doings in Low York? Long way from home, aren’t you?”

She didn’t have time to answer before another cry rang out from across the street. I cursed through my teeth, which made her wince. I put the umbrella in her hand and emptied the used shells of my roscoe in the gutter.

“Don’t you dare run off with my umbrella,” I muttered and crossed the street while reloading.

Son of a bitternut grifter – I’d have to pay a visit to Masperoni after this.

****
r/Lilwa_Dexel
