\- You say they are ready?  
\- Yes, master. They just hatched, a male and female. The first has smoke already coming out of it’s nostrils, the other has quickly learned to growl. It growls at everything that moves, sir!  
\- Great. Our job here is done. Now we wait. Release and observe them from the distance, to keep them alive in case danger appears. Soon, they will bring havoc and chaos. And breed, their children continuing to pester Cahmius and all the other countries!

---

In recent weeks the local police in Ely has arrested members of a long-running cult. It's existence was apparently a long kept secret, but recently they appeared out of nowhere, just like that. Now they are all in prison, screaming something about death waiting for us in the form of a bloodthirsty monster, and we should be grateful for them to bring that fate upon humanity. Essentially, insane brainwashed babble.

And yet, here I am, in the main headquarters of the Royal Intelligence Comission, in the godforsaken city of Old Stanmore. And attending a conference along with the top military figureheads, most important officials and even royalty, from none other than the Palace of Blire! All because of „increased frequency of dragon spottings”. Absolute madness!

\- ...and I’m happy to see you here, mister Weeks. For those who don’t know, mister Vincente Weeks is the chief of Police – King Matthias the Fourth himself spoke. As if this day couldn’t have gotten any worse, stuck in the wretched capital with royal wankers and their bloody entourage. I made a quick bow in response to the man in a crown – Great, you may all sit now – the king stated. From his face expression one can tell that he meant business. Ha! When I request an audience nobody cares, yet when some kids state that they’ve seen a dragon in the Alberher’s Park then king himself moves his arse from the palace and comes to investigate. A dragon in the city center of Old Stanmore?

Ridiculous.

\- We all know why we’re here. Every day the Police, Army and even our Comission receives more and more information about dragon sightings in the city center parks - Ellis Wright, the head of RIC spoke – Obviously, dragons don’t exist. We’re here to deduce what’s the reason for all these claims popping out all at once…

---

After the meeting, it was already well past twenty-three. I needed to unstress, so I took a walk to the train station. I don’t want to stay in this part of the country any longer than I need to. Still, the chilly evening and the fact that I’d have to wait for the train made me want to take a diversion. I knew the area of the city center fairly well, as I come here every couple of days. This time, I decided to have a seat on a bench in the Alberher’s Park. It was close-by and I didn’t visit it in a while.

When I got here, I made my way to it’s center. Around the paved paths, an impressive amount of pine trees was planted. If there was any spot I liked in the capital, then that was the place. Sadly, it’s not on my usual route, and most of the times I’m in the area I am here in business. I sat on a bench and enjoyed the silence.

After about 5 minutes, I’ve heard something some sort of a rustle in the bushes. I didn’t investigate. Dragons don’t exist, must be a squirrel or maybe a stray cat.

And then it left the bushes.

And it was a scaly, winged dragon, with a thin trail of smoke coming out of it's nostrils.

Of course.

\- Oh, cock! – I muttered. I didn’t scream, the creature was the size of a big dog. And given the amount of alive witnesses, it didn’t hurt people. Still, I had no idea what to do. And as I sat here dumbfounded, the dragon growled. Didn’t sound angry though. It… jumped on my bench? Started to sniff me? Not only it was the size of a dog, it acted like one too. What was I going to do now?

---

This is a part 1 or something. I wanted to play with the idea of cultists trying to create a monster but accidentally ending up with a creature which, despite it's undeniable power is pretty cool with people. This is just the beginning, but I don't have time to write more right now. Check out my subreddit, /r/lecetrabantem!