Death had a certain romance.

At least Catherine had always thought so. A poetic stillness, like a picture, of life paused in a moment forever. A final moment. The very last.

Maybe it was because Catherine had not experienced death. Her parents still lived, she'd never lost a friend or relative, she'd never had a pet, and, though three of her grandparents were gone before she was born, her mother’s mum was still spry.

In fact, her grandmother often liked to point out her obsession with the macabre. Her parents proclaimed it a phase. It didn't make the fixation exist any less. Or for it to have faded after all the time spent needling her about how, “unbecoming” it was.

Catherine was a teenage girl who loved death, and no one would stand in her way. 

So, she grew into the feeling even more, undiscouraged by those who chose to look down their nose at her. She'd gone to school, studied well, and now for the first time she was about face it.

Death. Real death. Not the cadavers in the lab, but breathing patients- soon to be not so much. 

No one had been surprised in her choice of being a hospice care physician in a hospital that saw plenty of death. Her mother had hopped for a wedding, and grandchildren when her daughter hit this age, but instead Catherine married her career. 

Now, she stands with a patient dying from cancer. A vagrant from the street with no family, she holds his hand as the last glimmer of pain is eased away by a merciful dose of morphine. Alone in the room, Catherine sees death for the first time.

Her vision snapped up to catch the edge of something heavy in the air. Like the weight of the empty space in the barren charity hospital’s curtained room was shattering in on itself. 

She’d almost held her breath, watching her patient fade, knowing death was an ease to unyielding pain. Eager to witness the finality first hand.

This phenomenon was distracting from her moment. She was almost angry as the roiling air began to coalesce into a form.

A...lovely form. 

At first he ignored her, as if she didn't exist to him, and went directly over to the body of her patient as the empty space he had opened pulled away from him in brilliant shards of nothing. Flowing unknowable fabric obscured his body, but his face, hewn in sharp facets, was arranged in an empty expression that suited him. All haunting, and ethereal. 

Her mother would have said creepy. Gaunt, or gangly, and dismissed him as too strange. Unsettling. 

Catherine had never been more entranced. 

“Your first?” 

His voice was indistinct, the sound made no sense despite the fact his words were clear to her. Despite the fact he hadn't looked up from the body on which he laid a pallid slender hand upon.

“Yes,” her answer came breathily.

His reply was something of a hum, but despite its warbling static she felt his thoughtfulness at her affirmation. His hand lingered on a spot near the third and fourth rib, and though she knew it wasn't real, she could see his sharp fingers slipping in between. 

There was no ghost pulling out a shining soul as he reached in as if reaching through. This was visceral. 

Cathrine could hear the sounds, and see as his hand found it's was into the corpse's chest cavity. Then, just as unceremoniously, it retreated seeming to have found what it was groping for.

“How do you find it?”

She watched as his bloodied hand retreated into some unknown fold of his robe to retrieve something. She considered his question.

“I find it,” her answer hitched in her throat as he finally looked up at her with his unreadable expression, and faintly warm eyes, “beautiful.”

He smiled like someone whose lips had forgotten the simple pleasure of it. 

“Good.”

He pushed his hand toward her, holding out the trinket he'd retrieved from his robe, never releasing the intense presence he held- however subtle the expression he wore.

“How would you feel about experiencing it with me?”

She examined the strange thing he held. Tiny, shaped like a capsule, but so black it had no edges.

“Death?” She smiled at the word. 

“At your service,” he bowed his head in introduction, “and you can be too.”

She studied him for a moment, “at your service, or dead?”

“Yes, if you'd like. We could work together,” he looked at her almost nostalgically, maybe even longingly, “but it's a job you must experience to appreciate.”

She had so many questions.

Instead, of asking them, her lips found themselves taking the pill from his hand like some strange communion. 

Catherine learned a lot from dying. First, how it felt. Second, what came after. Third, why that was different for her, because of what he'd offered. What she'd taken. 

A job, sure, but not one she'd ever turn down knowing what she does now. Knowing what life after the end could be. Especially when it was with him guiding her path, and showing her in time what she'd always known in life. 

Death had a certain romance.







