I take a long sip of my bitter coffee and open the blinds to the window in my kitchen, letting in some sunlight.  It's been months since I was able to find cream to put in my coffee. 
"Goddamn Illuminati," I grit through my teeth.
Just on time, I hear the daily Illuminati alarm, notifying me to go to work. 
"Hello, Human 135468007," chirps an almost human-like robot voice. "Please put on your uniform and have your supplied gun in hand. Your goal today is to kill 100 zombies. There are approximately 3 million zombies left in the world.  Refusal to comply will end in your termination. Thank you for your sacrifice for the betterment of this world, Human 135468007, and happy holidays from the Board of the Illuminati and AI. The deadline for your wishlist is due in three days. You may not put weapons, narcotics, digital devices, vehicles, alcohol, or anti-Illuminati propaganda on your wishlist. Each human is granted one item from their wishlist. Today is December 5, 2079."
I sigh, and head out of my apartment, gripping my gun tightly. 

I take in a whiff of the outside air: heavy, polluted, and depressing. I breathe out the disappointing breath of air, and I head over to the abandoned mall where both my friend and most of the zombies hang out. I whistle a tune from the days before The Takeover. I think it's by a musician by the name of... Taylor Swish? I can't remember. It's been a while since I listened to the song. I lost the iPhone some time ago to some zombies. I hope they're enjoying the music on it as much as I did. 

After what seems like forever, I make it to the mall. I immediately spot my friend shooting down two zombies. Nice.
"I'm glad to see that the aliens haven't abducted you yet, Satan," I joke, giving her a playful punch on the arm. 
With the last three digits of her ID number being 666, it was inevitable for her to be nicknamed Satan. She grins. "It's nice to see you too, double-oh-seven." 
I smile, remembering the time we were able to salvage a James Bond movie and a working laptop. 
"How many?" I ask.
"20 zombies shot, 80 left to go." She beams proudly. "You?"
"100 zombies, none shot," I reply. 
"Well then," she huffs, surveying the zombie-ridden mall, "time to shoot up the undead." 
I take the safety off my gun, and we head in. 
"I haven't seen you in days," I say, worriedly. A zombie comes around the right corner and I take it out with two bullets to the head. She shoots another one to the left. "What happened?"
She sighs, and wipes the sweat from her forehead. "One of the Illuminati's robot soldiers appeared at my doorstep some days ago. They want to recruit me and make me part of their human army. The UFOs have just become more and more frequent, and they want to send in an organic life-form to talk with the aliens. Since they've noticed that I'm pretty good at fighting and that I'm a human, they want to make me, of all people, the fucking general and official diplomat between Earth and the aliens. It's probably the dumbest shit I've ever heard, but what can I do? If I don't comply, then it's off with my head or whatever the shit." She shoots another zombie in the chest multiple times, and then kicks it in the face. I shoot it one more time for good measure. 
"That sucks like shit," I say. "We won't be able to hang out anymore, and you'll become one of... Them."
"I'm aware of shitty-ness of the situation," she grumbles. "It's all fucked up. Anyways, I was interviewed and probed 'n' shit by the robots for a few days, which was why I was gone. It wasn't anything super invasive, but it was hella annoying." She picks up some rubble and throws it at a zombie. 
"AGH!" she screams angrily, and she falls to the floor, sobbing. "Why me?" she cries. "Why have I survived this long?" 
I shoot the zombie in the head, and it falls to the floor. I crouch down and hug her. "You know what they say about the fittest," I say solemnly, quoting James Bond. 
I check the small screen on my gun. "3 ZOMBIES," it reads. Only 97 more to go.

END OF PART I. 
(i might make a part II, idk.)
