Our people were alone in the world until we found the well.

Of course it was a well. The sun-scorched lands ahead could hold no water on the surface. We dug deep for every precious drop and would often shore up the holes for reuse. After all, we'd usually settle for many moons. Children would grow to teens, babies would grow to children, and then the Frost would come and we would move on, another Migration that ended once the sun scorched us again. But this well was stone, and we first spotted it far ahead of our camp, not able to investigate for many moons.

Who built it? Who could survive in such oppressive heat? We found the well dry, the sun scorching the exposed hole. Why build such a permanent fixture if the sun sucks up all the water within hours?

Then came houses and towns. We discovered metals in a discarded mine and, already well-suited to digging for our water, began mining ourselves. For hundreds of Migrations we followed the ruins until the cleverest among us thought up the round earth theory. The people ahead would one day come behind, and we decided to leave them a message.

Communication was hard. We spoke no common language and it was a hundred Migrations before we came back around and found their response. But we had been leaving messages all along our route, and now so were they. Sharing knowledge and stories. We learned that they were taller than us, leaner, with long arms and scoop-like hands well adapted to digging. They gave us the secrets of farming, but we were the first to breed hardier, more fruitful plants. Nobody is sure who thought up the wheel, but carrying crops on carts was ours. It's amazing how much bigger you can breed plants when you don't have to start over every Migration.

Both our peoples grew and prospered. Soon we had to build several new villages with each migration, spreading north and south through the world. We built great stone towers that could be seen for miles around and found the others doing the same.

After one Migration we found a wonderful surprise. The newest set of ruins we stumbled on were hardly ruined at all. The homes ready to live in, the fields marked out for planting. Wells had been dug and carefully sealed against scorching sun. And on a tower in the center of the city we saw long, spindly metal arms. Instructions inside helped us rebuild the 'windmill' and industry was born.

And so life went for thousands of Migrations. We shared knowledge, left behind comforts and new technologies, and helped each other prosper through the ages. All of it leading up to today, this moment.

The elevator screeched and rattled, every jolt sending a spike of panic up my spine, but I reached the bottom safely. My hands brushed against the smooth walls, carved by my own people one hundred Migrations before and left in the Frost and Sun to be dried out. I flicked on my flashlight and walked in the darkness, heart thudding in my chest, until I reached a door. Taller and thinner than the doors I was used to, this was clearly the work of the Others. Reaching out I placed my hand against the hard metal, then felt around for a button on the wall beside it.

The door hissed and shuddered then slowly slide aside, ancient gears grinding with a screech of metal on metal. Bright light shone from within and I, blinded by the glare, threw my hand up to block it. Blinking to help my eyes adjust to the sudden light I saw a tall, thin figure step out. A wide, scoop-like hand was held out to me and a reedy voice said, "Ambassador. Welcome to the Vault."