It felt like I had tripped up some stairs. For a second I thought I had, and immediately froze. The plate in my hand still held the Reuben, but the surface beneath.....

My head snapped up, and I noticed the darkness first. Second were the candles, placed carefully around me in hexagons expanding away from me. Low-level bands of light etched out the writing between the tiers, though none of it looked like a language I could place. The floor, instead of the carpeted stairs I had been climbing, was an old wood, stained with neglect, and riddled with gaps and protruding nails. One was digging into my hand, and as I lifted it I realized the nail was rough, as if hand-forged. 

My analysis of the floor was disrupted by a heavy thud, just beyond the candles. 

"Stay where you are, demon!"

"What?" I rose, still holding the plate.

A figure was just visible in the room, which I now saw was small, and claustrophobic. A low work-bench dominated a wall, scattered with shapes that I could only just spot in the candle-light. A window was open, but I couldn't feel a breeze. The figure, which seemed to be rather.... short, was doing its best at a power pose, and failing. 

"I said stay where you are!" 

"Nah, I got that. What's with the demon? Is that some kind of racist term I'm not aware of?"

"What?"

"What?" 

The figure shook its head. "Look, you are a demon, you have to be! I summoned you, with a demon summoning, so you have to be a demon! That's how this works!"

I tried to step forward, collided against something. Something hard. "The fuck!?"

"Ahah, see! That barrier holds in demons! And you're a demon!"

"Oh yeah? Have you tried to pass through this?" Hard as rock, my finger tips told me.

"I don't have to prove it works. It won't, because I'm not a demon!" He even stamped his foot. Adorable.

I had had enough. I shifted my sandwich to my other hand, and hefted the plate. Middle school track, don't fail me now. The plate landed with a soft thud three feet to the left of the figure. Almost as if...

"How old even are you?" I asked, leaning against the barrier and taking a bite of my sandwich.

The figure flinched. "N- not you- hush, you demon!"

"Sooooooo, eight, then?" I glanced over at the figure. Definitely too immature to be an adult. I turned my back on him, and took another bite. "Is this your bedroom? Why do you even want a demon? What are demons supposed to do?"

"I- I said hush!" 

"Uh huh. You getting bullied in school?" 

"I SAID HUSH!"

My feet skidded across the floor as if I had been shoved. Before I could regain my slouch the walls slammed into me, pinning my sandwich to my thigh, my other arm across my chest. "Wha-"

"I have summoned you, demon, from your Earthly dimension, to aid me in a task!"

The walls were crushing me, and I gave a tiny whimper in response. 

"You are to use your dark powers to kill the President, Tonald Drump!"