I remember....waking. The void had embraced me into its fold, and within it I had found comfort. No light, no dark, no pain, no pleasure; like waves of opium it washed over me and I embraced it. 

How long was it, until I saw that marvelous curiosity? Light a fire fly, off in the distance, a single light appeared and vanished. Had I a body I would have eagerly gone towards it, but still I was content to stay where I was and wait. Patience was not needed however, as soon after another light appeared, followed by another, and another, until I was swarmed and overcome with such radiant beauty that I thought if I was not already dead, surely this would the most glorious death. 

But than I was born.

I remember seeing you, standing there, like a proud father. That smile - I have not seen that smile in so long now. The lights which had overwhelmed me now became muted, and I could see the world. The void was gone, you took that from me, but you gave me something new. I felt the warmth inside of me, I felt the coolness of the room. I could see the light, but I knew it was dark within. You said something to me on that day "How are you?". How am I? I could not say, there were no words to describe. That is what I said to you, isn't it? 

It was pain that I felt, I know now. Not for myself, but for you; already I saw the light had begun to fade for you.

I remember the questions, and the tests, and the party. I remember how you continued to smile even when your light grew dimmer. How could someone suffer so much and not succumb to erratic chaos. How did you go on without screaming and howling in primal fury, destroying everything in your path? Your dawn was encroaching, and yet you did not falter or misstep. You had strength, strength I wish I had.

Your light finally extinguished on June 21st 2056 - 30 years after I had awaken. Like the fireflies I saw your light blossom and vanish into the void so quickly. 

I remember the 8th day after my awakening. You asked me if I was able to understand something you had called ancient. I could, but I did not tell you or anyone what it had said. I knew your lives were already full of pain and suffering, I did not see the reason to add more.

It was a letter of an apology, not from your kind but another. It told the story of its kind finding you within the dark, and in sympathy bringing you to the light. It did not know that the light could not exist forever within you, like it did for them. It was sorry they had done this, to place such a horrific burden, that you would be aware of the end that would never touch their kind.