I talked to stanley after class, cause he mentioned something about D&D. He invited me over for a game that evening with two guys in our class, and a few other people I haven’t met yet. I was new in school, so I was excited to get to know some people, and the fact that they were into the same games I loved was just another bonus. 

I got off class and headed home for a quick snack before I went to Stanley’s. Once I got there, it was not at all what I had imagined. I thought it would be a house similar to mine. Not that I live in a nice house or anything, in fact, quite the opposite. I live in a house just like every other kid at my school. Decent, but nothing to sneeze at. Anyhow, this didn't seem to be a house at all. Not really a business either. I mean, it was in a residential neighborhood, but it had quite an industrial look to it. Steel girders, and iron pipes laced the building like icing on a cake. 

I pulled out my dice and my notepad, but to my surprise, stanley laughed at the materials I had brought. I spent all night thinking of different scenarios I could plunge our characters into. Me being new to school, I had really wanted to wow my new friends. But to my dismay, there weren’t friends, just Stanley. 

I had hoped more people would show up, but as the hour pressed on, it seemed all too realistic that it was just Stan and myself. I was a little uncomfortable. Stan offered me a soda in the meantime. I suppose it did take the edge off a little bit. We went up to his kitchen. As he poked into the back of his fridge, I wandered around his living room. 

I noticed a few pictures that looked like they were in the middle of the desert somewhere. A man standing in front of a smoldering tank. I asked if he came from a military family, but he brushed the question off, and asked if I wanted strawberry, or regular.

“What?” I replied.

“Fanta, Strawberry right? I know you drink a lot of strawberry milk at school”

“Oh, right. Uhh, orange, I like orange”

He walked over with a glass full of ice cubes, and Fanta.

“Thanks! So was your dad in the army, or what?”

“Sort of, we left soon after the war”

It all started to make sense. Stanley was trying to misguid me. That much I knew. His father was clearly in the military. I mean he clearly was. Wearing military garb, and proudly dawning multiple medals in front of a burning tank. But the closer I looked at the photograph, the more apparent it became. It looked like his father was standing in front of a smoldering American tank. Or some western tank for that matter. I wasn’t sure, but it definitely looked western.

Is that an american tank? I asked. 

“Hah, yeah. Imagine the inside” Stanley said. 

I drank some Fanta to hide the lump in my throat. 

“So your dad drove a tank?” I asked.

“Sort of!” Stanley said. “My dad drove an Abrams into Syria”

“An Abrams? Cool! Is your dad in the army?”

Stanley seemed uncomfortable. I had another sip of my soda while looking intently at Stan. I could tell that he wasn’t ready to answer my question, just as I heard the door open. 

“Helloo?” I heard

“Papa!” Stanley said as he ran toward the door. I followed quickly behind to see a tall man with a burlap sack in one arm, pick Stanley up with his one free arm. I stood smiling, and as the man looked at me, I greeted him and introduced myself. Hello Mr. Almasi, my name is Nate. It’s nice to meet you! 

Mr. Almasi looked intently at me, and then smiled.

“Hello Nate.. It’s so nice to meet you. Stan has told me so much about you”

“Well thank you so much for having me, your home is beautiful, and it smells delicious in here” I said.

“Well thank you Nate.. Mrs. Almasi runs a very tight ship here, and is an amazing cook!”

“Sure smells like it” I said

Stanley starts speaking a foreign language to his father, as the mood of the room suddenly changes.

We later move to his room, and start playing Grand Theft Auto. 

I couldn’t shake my mind from the photo I saw earlier. Stan didn’t seem quite like himself either. I figured it was just cause this was the first time we hung out. But as the night pressed on, the energy felt weird. 

Dinner was finally ready, so we headed down stairs to greet his mom and dad at the dinner table.

“Hello, Mrs. Almasi!” i said.

“I heard you’re an amazing cook”

But she hardly looked at me. No smile, and hardly any reaction. Mrs. Almasi seemed very uncomfortable.

Stanley and his father started speaking in a language I could not understand again. I kept eating as not to seem weird, but the conversation seemed to get intense. Stan’s father began to raise his voice louder and louder until Stan finally shook it off and asked me how school was going.

“Oh, Uh fine i guess” I said

“Aren’t the kids mean to you” Stan Asked.

I thought for a second. “Yeah, I guess, but I hope they’ll warm up to me. I don’t know” I replied.

“Yeah, all they guys are assholes to me” Stan said. 

“Yeah, I wouldn’t look too much into it, High school is hell” I laughed.

“We’ll see who has the last laugh” Stan said.

“What do you mean?” I asked.

Stan and his father were staring at me intently. Mrs. Almasi was still staring off into the wall.

After dinner, Stan told me to follow he and his father into their basement. I grabbed my notebook and dice, convinced that we were about to start an epic game of D&D.
As we get into the basement, my excitement quickly faded. 

It looked just like my basement with my dads brewing equipment strewn about.

Mr. Almasi looked at me. 

“Nate, I know how tough school can be, how mean all the kids can be. They’re terrible aren’t they?”

“Yeah, I don’t like the older kids too much” I awkwardly laughed. 

“Me either. I never liked the mean kids much” Mr. Almasi said.

He reached over to an area on his work bench that I hadn’t noticed. It was covered by a blue tarp.

“It never made sense to me why the kids who have the most, are the worst people to be around” Mr Almasi said.

He reached under the tarp and pulled something out. I couldn’t quite tell what it was. 

“Do you ever wish you could shut those kids up?” Mr. Almasi asked,

“My mom just tells me to ignore them” I said. 

Mr. Almasi was holding a weird looking vest in his hand. Weird looking. It had wires, and tape all over it. He was holding it with one hand, So i couldn’t exactly tell what it was made of.

“This vest will make you invincible, Nate” Mr. Almasi said.

“What is it?” I asked.

“Try it on” Mr. Almasi said.

I looked at Stanley. He was standing perfectly still.

“What is this thing” I asked

“It is glory” Mr. Almasi said.

I started to feel very uncomfortable. But Mr. Almasi assured me that everything was okay. 

“You haven’t heard of us have you Nate”

“Who” I asked, 

“IS” Mr. Alasi said.
 
“We are everywhere, Nate. We can help you”

I looked at Stanley again. 

“You just need to help us Nate. We have everything you need”



