"Aura!" my mother called. "The guests are arriving, come downstairs!" Soon my home was filled with family and friends ready to celebrate my 18th birthday. My mother had been preparing this lavish party for what seemed like months and only ignored my protests. I held the bannister as I descended the stairs. The only person I really wanted there was gone, but I still had to put on my party face.

My family thinks I spent time with Nana because we were both born blind. This is partly true, but I've never told anyone that I could actually see her. Not all the time, just for a minute or two here and there, but every time her loving face began to appear out of the shadows was a moment of pure joy. Four years ago, I saw her for an entire day, the day she died. She seemed so calm that day, as if she was ready for what was to come. She asked me to come over that morning and we spent the day baking her delicious cinnamon raisin bread. While we enjoyed fresh buttered slices and tea, she looked right into my eyes and I've always thought that she knew. And slowly, she faded into darkness for the last time. 

I missed Nana especially during parties, she loved being surrounded by her family. Out of habit, I searched for a glimpse of her kind face in the sea of voices, knowing none would be there. But suddenly, there was! Not Nana's but definitely a face. Faces, arms, legs; all around me people, my family, blinked into view. I gasped and ran to the kitchen to splash some cold water on my face. While the sink was running, I could hear my father in the den next door arguing with a voice I didn't recognize. I peeked around the doorway and saw my father for the first time, but no one else.

"...doesn't seem appropriate, she's still a child."
"Enough," the voice growled. "You know that this what your mother wanted. It's time, Aura."
I felt a hand on my shoulder and frantically tried to see the face attached to it, but it would not appear to me.
"We should speak. Privately." Suddenly, a strong wind whirled around me and my family faded away.
"Do you know me?" the voice asked. A cheerful inflection replaced the earlier growl, but was still unfamiliar. I shook my head.
"Good," the voice sighed. "My name is Zazel; I'm a demon and also your grandfather." 
"P-papa died before I was born," I managed to squeak. "He and Nana are buried together."
"I know that's what you think," the voice said firmly. "But we wanted to find out if you were an average kid or..."
"Or what?" Some guy comes in, is trying to tell me I have demon blood, and suddenly can't speak?
"Or like me. You can see your family, right?"
"How did you..."
"You have demon sight, you can see the most honest version of the humans in front of you. Your ability to see gets stronger around other demons."
I paused. "That explains why I can see them now, but why could I see Nana? Was she a demon too?"
Silence, then it dawned on me.
"Those times I saw her, you were there, weren't you." Laughter and applause.
"I was! But I had no idea you had the ability until the day your grandmother, the day she..." He coughed, attempting to stifle a sob. "Anyway, you're old enough to know the truth. Your powers are getting stronger. And that means you can't stay here."

This is my first attempt at doing one of these writing prompts; I'm trying to establish a regular writing habit and thought this would be a good place to start. Any feedback would be deeply appreciated!