I remembered what it was like when I had discovered the truth on that dreadful day. 

I was only a little boy then, but still... I remembered it as if it was only yesterday- no, who am I kidding. It felt like a century ago to be honest. My memory retention was never the best, but nowadays, I can't even remember the floor number that I lived in.

Well anyways, that day... Yes, that dreadful day. 

------

It was a blissful summer day, just like any other day, except it was not. I was late to class at my local institution of Basic Education.

As I approached the room, I heard my classmates utter my name. 

An ugly murmur that seized my frail little heart.

"-Byron, he's the new kid." 

"Oh so that's the name of that abomination?"

A chorus of laughter spilled out into the hall, where I stood frozen, out of sight.

"Hey Emilia, I think the new kid is into you. What do you think?" 

There was silence.

"Uh." A familiar voice. It was *her* voice, a soft and angelic melody that lulled perpetually in my mind, even to this day. "Byron? Oh I don't know... I think he's-"

-----

Ah, hold up.

I think I may have gotten the wrong day. That day was dreadful too, but not dreadful in the *dreadful* sense of the word.

It was a different day. 

"Why am I different?" I asked the man wearing a pristine white lab coat. 

He looked to be in his early twenties, but I knew better.

"Byron, I'm afraid this is sensitive information that would be best discussed along with your parents in attendance," he said calmly.

"I don't have any parents."

"Ah," he said with a blank expression. 

"How about your guardian?"

"She knows as much as me. That I am an abomination, a mistake."

Still stone-faced, he responded quickly. "Well then Byron... Let me get my documents in order. I will spare you from nothing but the truth."

And several moments later, as the doc had said, he spared me nothing but the truth. 

I was the last purebred human. Wholesome, untouched and unmodified.

-----

Maybe, I had always known. I looked nothing like my brothers and sisters at my orphanage. 

Well, we all looked different. We weren't related but boy was I *different*. I looked utterly mundane next to my siblings who were impeccably beautiful and they were considered average by the Aesthetics department of the Genepool Corp. 

Sometimes, I felt like a stranger in the house. 

But it didn't bother me, because they loved me all the same even though they treated me like a delicate piece of shit sometimes.

At the institution, everyone towered over me. The boys, even the girls.

During Physical Examinations, they were all stronger, faster and more adroit than me. There was simply no competing. 

At lessons, everyone was sharper, and more quick-witted than me.

But still, I shrugged it off. 

Because I knew this day would eventually come. 

I inhaled slowly through the ventilator as I looked around me. 

Surrounded by family and friends that loved me. People that I had known since I was a child. Nearly a century, and still they remained unchanged, as youthful as they were when I was a child. 

And now, I rested on my death bed as a tiny camera bot floated above me. 

The world was watching.

"Grandpa! Let's play!" 

Tiny hands tugged at my frail fingers. My grandson was only a little over a year old but already he was capable of destroying me at the age-old game of chess.

"Brian, Grandpa needs his rest," said Emilia sweetly, her voice still as beautiful as the day I first met her. 

She turned to look at me as she held my hand gently. Tears flowed freely from her beautiful emerald eyes. 

"Grandpa needs to go to sleep again?" said Brian as he pouting slightly with his tiny cheeks. 

My daughter picked up Brian in her arms. "Yes, Grandpa needs to sleep," my daughter said, her voice hoarse from all the crying.

I watched my family and friends sobbing softly as more people shuffled into the already cramped room. 

They were here to witness my final words.

"I'm Byron. I was born different. I was not like any of you," I said slowly. "My life, I knew it wouldn't be a long one... But it was worth it. There was pain, envy, hatred, despair but there was also joy, hope and love. I might have been significantly different from all of you but in the end it doesn't matter how different you are from one another. It's simple really. I'm... just another guy who lived, and well, maybe I have enough time for another game of chess."

"Yay!" shouted Brian.

I smiled. 

----


/r/em_pathy














