 It landed in my swimming pool. Seems like a remarkable coincidence given that I’ve chosen to spend my apocalypse hot tubbing on the adjacent patio. I had chosen a Yuengling Black and Tan to be my hot date for the afternoon. 
“Tan and Black more like. Heh heh” 
 Dumb joke. I’ve never been one for gallows humour, but I guess imminent nonexistence could bring out the failed comedian in anyone. Nice to know I haven’t lost laughter.
 Beth left me. Bitch. Pretty recent development actually. I don’t think blame her though. Till death is all well and good when you still have plenty of time for a couple rounds of infidelity. I’m just mad she never told me she was into that. I shouldn’t have fucking screamed like I did. Bastard.
 I remember I woke up late today. That’s why she got the news before me. I was already in a frenzy when I found her and Rachel, the “the work wife”. Probably the first person she called.
 Now it’s only ten minutes into the trial separation and I already miss the philandering bitch. How the fuck did she use to turn on this oversized crock pot? Never gonna find out now. Fifteen fucking years and she didn’t think she could tell me—
 wait. I shouldn’t being having these thoughts. Literally. Thought shouldn’t be possible. I should be, well, nothing. 
Unless. I crack an eyelid to test my conjecture.
 Nope. That ain’t Saint Peter burning my retinas, it’s just the boring old sun.
 Ok. Let’s assess. Eyes. Working. Brain. Well, no better than before, but any function at this stage seems miraculous.   
 Going by the available evidence, everything seems to being in working order. Therefore, I should be able to signal the legs to get choochin as well. 
 stand. Yes! Hypothesis confirmed. Still alive!
 “But why”, I ask aloud to God or whoever might be listening. No reply.
 It’s in the swimming pool. 
 I walk over to inspect the lump of rusky schlock those mad post-soviet cunts decided to regift me. 
 Looks like a damn museum piece. “Ya know, there’s really no standards anymore”, I say, turning with a laugh to-
 Oh. Right. You went with Rachel. God damn it.
 But this is weird. This hunk of commie crap may be a dud, but I should at least be feeling the shockwaves from the other targeted areas. 
 I go inside to the kitchen and grab my phone off the counter. 
 “Come on” again aloud, this time to Ganesh, just to hedge my bets. Still no reply. Divine and Deaf, these celestial bastards.
 Damn thing’s dead from all those fucking TV tropes tabs I left open. I plug it in and wait.
...
...
Two percent! I guess that’s all it takes to make an iPhone chooch. 
News app.
...
No.
Fucking.
Way. 
 Not one! Not one of those antique, dusty ass, doom tic-tacs went off? This can’t be real.
 i reh, whispers a tiny neuron, trying to prevent a system reboot.
“Come again?”
 “It’s real”, this time audibly from synapse #13501-E.
 Oh. What do I do then?
 CALL BETH, came the cry from every available cellular body. 
 “Shit! Right! Fuck. Ok.”
I pick up my phone again and dial Beth’s number from memory. No matter how many times she’s had to change it I never let myself forget.
It’s ringing.
It’s ringing.
It’s ringing.
It’s ring—
click
 “Rob?” She’s sobbing. 
 “Beth? Beth it’s me. Listen, none of them went off! Do you hear me? They didn’t detonate!”
 “Yeah, Rob... I know... I saw.” 
 “One landed right in our pool! No that’s not important-“
 “Rob... I’m sorry. I’m sorry about earlier. I’m sorry I never told you—“
 “No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have reacted that way. I’m not angry anymore—“
 “But it—“ 
 “No! Look when it looked like it was all over, when I thought I was gonna die, all I was thinking about was how you weren’t here with me. And then I wasn’t gonna die and the world wasn’t ending and I couldn’t even be happy about it because you weren’t there to share it with.
 “Please, I don’t mind about Rachel. If you want to be with her, if that makes you happy, then I don’t care. Just please come home. Let’s figure it out?”
—
—
—
—
—
 It’s five years later now. Our arrangement is still working. Rachel moved in with us two years in and we’re all getting along. We don’t do any of the intimate stuff as a group mind you. I don’t want that and neither do they. No. It’s Beth and me, and it’s Rachel and Beth. That works out for us just fine. Rachel and I have even formed something of a close friendship. We bonded over our enjoyment John Ford movies. Although I will hold to my last day that The Grapes of Wrath is his best and she can fight me on that. But anyway, we’re doing alright, our little family.

 Oh and uh, all the warheads that could be recovered were dismantled, the nations of the world drafted and ratified a global peace treaty, and prosperity and progress were had for all, blah blah blah. 
 Somedays all your miracles happen at once. Life, eh?

 