"HEY YOU PIECES OF MEAT!" 

Clang~ the harsh vulgarity of metal on metal woke me. The smell of piss and rust filled my nostrils, invigorating the throbbing behind my right eye. Fucking piss and rust. Where the hell was I?

"IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO SHOVE THIS DISGUSTING GREY MATTER DOWN YOUR UNCIVILIZED GULLETS!"

Light spilled from where the figure entered the hull. Gurgling between each syllable... Xorlatan? Too dark to see... Still at the other end of the ship, 60 feet perhaps?

Spears shot through my abused limbs, the hallowing of my chains scraping along the ground with every agonizing inch. Cries and moans and chains of other humans began to surround me as the hull of the ship came to life.

"WAKEY WAKEY." Clang~! Again with the metal, and again went my throbbing head. "GOTTA EAT IF YOU WANT TO STAY ALIVE. SO DO US ALL A FUCKING FAVOR."

He slowly made his way towards my end of the ship. Iridescent exoskeleton, six protruding close set eyes, elephant like limbs. Definitely Xorlatan. I had been hunted.

A cube of gelatin was dropped at my feet as the behemoth passed. I nibbled on the corner. Grey in color, and somehow also grey in taste and smell. A protein cube from the military? No this was... Different.

There was a change in the air. As people began to eat they became more restless. The sound of chains began to drown out the sound of moans. More Xorlatans quietly started to line the walls of the hull.

I slid my cube into my shirt and waited. The quiet rattle of chains was soon replaced by a cacophony. People moving in whatever way they could. Piss and rust was soon accompanied with salty smell of sweat.

Once the cacophony seemed it could get no louder the flanking Xorlatans moved in. Piercing screams of anguish and pain surrounded me, chains growing ever louder as people fought to get away.

A Xorlatan appeared before me, large and intimidating. My legs gave way beneath me as I crumbled beneath his mighty presence. The screams...

"You didn't eat."

I gasped. With one mighty appendage he lifted me off the ground by the front of my shirt. With another, a second cube was shoved into my mouth and down my throat and I was dropped to the ground.

My body tried to protest, heaving and coughing as much as it was able. My stomach churned, but I could not wretch. As if the stifling air wasn't already enough, my breathing became quick and shallow. My skin burned with heat, dropping with sweat, and a raging energy filled me. The darkness became clearer and I could finally see the details of my assailant; cracked green shell, tiny hairs along his appendages, regarding me with deep red orbs.

He picked me up again. I fitfully tore at my chains in an attempt to lunge, at him or away it didn't matter. He lifted me, higher and higher as I fought and fought. I was blind with fury, I need to get away I need to kill them all I need to survive.

It did nothing. Fire suddenly swelled from my stomach and a sordid cry of pain and despair spilled from my being. Between my fits the Xorlatan had made his harvest, carefully retrieving the long needle from my kidneys.

With that, he was done. I cascaded to the ground, my body shaking and throbbing with pain. I wretched, and was left to lie in it, face flush against the cool of the floor. 

The Xorlatans left the hull, taking the light with them. It grew quiet. My body beaconed me to surrender... But I needed to be free.