I was eating away at my lunch and scanning over the notes from the lecture the day before. I had about an hour in between classes and I tried to use that time productively. In between each definition or concept, I took a bite of my Taco Bell burrito. It wasn't the best nutritiously and it definitely wasn't going to win any awards for best in taste, but it was fast, cheap, and easy. I was about halfway through my reading when it happened.

I felt something from across the way; the kind of feeling you get when you just know something's wrong but you can't really explain what, or even why you know something's wrong. I'd put it up there with that feeling you get when you know you're being watched like you can feel the eyes that are directly on you. Maybe it also has something to do with the fact that it was quieter than usual, even for a library; the kind of quiet that takes physical presence in a room so much that it's almost deafening. All of this caused me to put down my notes and look around to find the source of this odd and fascinating feeling. It wasn't long before I saw her; the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen in my life. Now I know it sounds like I'm exaggerating but, I swear, I'm not.

She was short, I want to say about 5'4". Her hair was a silky, brown color that seemed to have this glow about it. She had a nice, full figure. Honestly, I'm not one to really care about what a woman's body looks like all that much but hers was very noticeable and it is the closest to perfect that I have ever seen. The thing about her that stuck out to me though was her face. Her eyes were a greenish color that you could easily get lost in if you weren't careful. They were also soft and gentle as if she could calm a mountain lion with just one look. Her nose and mouth didn't stick out much like her eyes did but despite that, they somehow seemed to compliment her beauty even further. And with all of her facial features, the part that I couldn't get past was the glow she let off. Her face shined brighter than any I had ever seen before and I started to wonder if angels did, in fact, exist and had one just stumbled into the university library. Now normally, when I see a beautiful woman, I'm able to just glance and then continue with whatever I was doing, but that wasn't going to happen today; I could not stop staring.

As she scanned the library, she saw me at my table and started to walk my way. "Oh shit!" I thought as she got closer, "What if she confronts me for staring?" For half a second, I thought about glancing back down at my notes to not seem so creepy but it was too late now as she would be at my table in about 2 seconds.

"Is this seat taken?" she asked, gesturing to an open seat that was across from me. Her voice matched her persona, soft and kind like she had never uttered a mean word in her life. The best I could do in response was shake my head, too afraid of blurting out 'You are beautiful!' should I open my mouth. She giggled innocently and slid silently into the chair.

'Okay, time to not be a creep. Let's get back to studying' I thought to myself as I brought my eyes back down to my notes. 'Now where was I?' I tried to scan over them to find my place but strangely, my mind was not comprehending anything that I was reading. The sentences didn't make sense at all and it felt like I was trying to read Spanish using the little amount I knew from Spanish class back in high school. My concentration was elsewhere and it was all because of this girl. I decided to take one little glance again. Oops, that was a mistake. As I glanced up from my page, our eyes locked for a split-second which caused my eyes to immediately go back down to my page, embarrassed by what had just occurred. I heard her giggle and it caused me to look up again, this time for a little longer.

As I looked, I noticed that she didn't have anything in front of her; no book to read or notebook to study from. In fact, all she was doing was staring at me. At first, I started to panic. Was there something on my face? Was there something in my teeth? Did I have a case of Alfalfa hair? As I started to check all of these things, she started to do the innocent giggle again. "What?" I said, a little put off by the giggling on my behalf.

"It's just amusing to watch you panic like that." She said, with that beautiful smile on her face.

"Okay, well why were you watching me before; before I started to panic, I mean."

"Oh, what peaked my interest in just staring at you? Why I would be fascinated with you?" she asked.

I nodded, a little scared for what the answer might be.

"Well, for starters, when I walked into the room, you looked at me differently than anyone else in this room. You looked at me like I'm beautiful."

'That's impossible!' I thought to myself. 'I can't be the only one.' But just as she mentioned it, my focus started to shift to the other people in the room and I saw it. Everyone in the immediate vicinity was playing the glance game that I had played but with one major difference; they all had disgusted looks on their faces. "How could that be?" I whispered to myself, "You're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen."

"First off, thank you," she said, her cheeks becoming slightly red, "and second, there is an easy explanation if you have time for a story."

I nodded, closed my notes, put them off to the side, and leaned in closer, intrigued by what this woman was about to say next.

"Well, it all started out quite a while ago shortly after I came into this world. When I was put on this earth, I was told that I have one job; I am Death and I am to be a guide of sorts for those passing from this life onto the next."

"Wait, wait, wait, you're Death? As in the grim reaper? That carries a sickle?" I questioned.

"First off, offensive!" She gave me a playful grin, "and, yes. The actual Death."

"I don't believe this."

"I promise it will all make sense, want me to continue?"

Despite how crazy it did sound, I was still intrigued to hear what she had to say. "Sorry, I'll listen."

"Now, I have been given certain powers to help accomplish my task but the most important power that I possess is my appearance. You see, my appearance is all about perspective; when a person looks at me, my appearance changes to be based on how they feel about the concept of death. So, in essence, when most people look at me, they probably see a someone with an extremely disfigured face. They see me as someone they're scared of and want to stay away from."

"Wait, how does that help you with being death? How could you possibly guide someone who has died on to the next life if you look scary and unapproachable?" I asked confused.

"It actually helps more than you think," she said, smiling as if she's finally divulging a secret that she's been holding in for years. "You see, when most of the living look at me, the see this hideous, ugly, scary person and they generally leave me alone for the most part. But the dead, when the dead look at me, they've already died. I mean, yeah the experience was quite scary at first but it was fast, it always is, and then it's just peaceful bliss and welcomeness. So when the dead look at me, they see a beautiful, peaceful person, ready to welcome them and show them the way to the next life. They are more willing to listen to me and it makes the whole experience rather easy and, well, pleasant in an ominous kind of way."

As I thought about what she just told me, I began to panic as my mind go stuck on one little detail. "You are the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen... does that mean that I'm dead and you're here for me?" I stammered, a little afraid of what the answer might be.

"No, silly." She said, giggling again because of my panicked state. "You're actually a special case and that's why I came to sit by you." She got a little closer to me and started to whisper. "I know how you feel about the concept of death. I know that you're different. Everyone else in this room fears me, is scared of me but you, you look at me and are comforted by me. You look at me and see a welcoming person. I just wanted to come over and tell you that, yes, while death is a great experience, and the next life is a great, happy place, this life is great as well and a completely different and magnificent experience comparatively. And I know how people think death actually wants to collect as many souls as they can, that's not really in my job description or part of my personality. I only serve as the middle man and want people to experience as much of the first life as they can before I have to guide them to their new life. I hope that your outlook on life and death changes, and honestly, I hope your number doesn't come up for me for a long time."

I sat for a few moments, pondering on everything she just said. "So, if you're not here to guide me over to the other side then what are you really here for? Because I find it hard to believe that Death tries to find everyone she can that views the concept of death as welcoming to change their point of view."

"Actually, I'm here for him." She gestured at a guy who was studying off in the distance. "Talking to you was just an added bonus." After a few minutes, the man started to panic, clutched at his chest, and fell to the ground. Death got up to leave, then turned back and said with a smile, "See you later, hopefully not too soon."

As I watched her walk away her features started to blur and I was left wondering, when will I see her again and when I do see her, will she look the same?