"Well, this is it," I said as I gazed out at the four-lane highway in front of me. Life had become too much to bear lately. I had lost my job, lost my girlfriend, and my family wouldn't speak to me ever since I had insulted Aunt Joan in a drunken stupor at the Christmas party. Mooning her angrily hadn't helped the situation, either. Since then my life had seemingly gone down the drain. If it hadn't been for that damn squirrel that had jumped in front of my car nearly two months ago, causing a wreck with the person that had been tailing me for almost the entire drive home, maybe none of this would have happened.

Yeah, you may think that an innocent, cute, little fluffy squirrel wouldn't possibly be able to wreck someone's life like it did mine, but let me explain. Now, I *know* I saw a squirrel jump in front of me that day, but the guy behind me claimed he didn't see a thing. Of course, as soon as I went to check the front tires to check for the squashed remains of said rodent, there was nothing there. The little bugger had survived somehow and run off into the brush, never to be seen again, and effectively making me look like a jackass for slamming on the brakes randomly in the middle of a rural road. The following lawsuit from the tailgater did not end well. I lost a lot of money, and I had to take up two jobs just to pay the bills, but the long hours began to take their toll, and it showed in my work performance. After a while of coming to work late and getting barely anything done, I was fired from both jobs two weeks before Christmas. Admittedly, the stress got to me, I was driven to drink, shenanigans ensued, my girlfriend dumped me for a richer guy, and now here I was, standing in front of the freeway.

A semi-truck was approaching. I took a deep breath, swallowed, and started walking forward, looking straight ahead as I did so. I didn't want to see it coming. I heard the blare of the horn and the screech of the brakes as the truck attempted to stop, but I knew it wouldn't be able to in time. Something scurried in front of me and I stopped three feet short of the trucks path. The semi-truck blew by, honking the horn angrily the entire time. 

I found myself looking down and staring confusedly at the creature, which was just sitting there, raised up on its hind legs, little brown ears and silvery whiskers twitching, staring me deeply in the eyes like it expected something. I was lost for thoughts. This squirrel had just saved my life. I didn't know what to feel; I felt like I owed the creature some thanks, or maybe I should have been angry, I didn't know, but with a twitch of his tail, the squirrel looked to the side, looked back at me, then bounded off into the woods at the side of the freeway, never to be seen again. I decided that I would call a therapist tomorrow.