"Nobody has called me by that name in a couple-a centuries."

He pressed B-5 on the vending machine and a bag of Salt & Vinegar Bugles dropped when the metallic screw stopped turning.  He hadn't made eye contact, or even indicated he heard me, except for that.

He took the snack bag from the machine and turned to me as he opened it.  "Do I know you?" he asked, sincerely, with a long, slow drawl.

"I don't think so," I said.  I had guessed that with a name like "Aethelweard," he was among.  But you never can tell with mountain folk.

"I go by Tucker these days," he said, at about half speed.  "So then ..." he squinted at me for a few moments "...Set-Seg" he stopped to take a slow, untroubled breath "what's it gonna be?  Fightin' or nuthin'?"

His people had always had a hard time with the name "Tsetseg".  Something about the "ts" was hard for them.  It wasn't a friendly question, but he wasn't aggressive.  I wondered if that was the oldest name he had been able to see, or if he was being polite.  It takes so very, very long to change a name among.

I told him plainly, "I lived in Wessex."

"Oh yeah?  Whenabout?"  He was genuinely interested for the first time.

"Well, after Clement and Philippe suppressed the Order."

"Ah.  I was there maybe a hunnert or two years afore that."  His drawl was thicker than before; he was putting in more effort to maintain it.  Two hundred years apart in the same town was close enough to make us contemporaries.  In saying it, he had let me know that he was maybe ... a little over a thousand.  Young, but old enough to be a real friend or a real enemy.

"I haven't met one of us in a long time.  Have you?"

"No," he started walking away, clearly expecting I would follow.  I did.  He sighed thoughtfully.  "I met a injun what was named Catahecassa about seventeen-hunnert and thirty.  Him an' two more from the Great Valley.  I ain't never seen so many among together afore or since.  I lived with 'em a while--good folk--but lost track of 'em when they was marched along by Grant.  I ain't seen no among since then."

"You're the first I've met in maybe ..." I thought for a few moments, but I knew how long it had been.  It was a kind of politeness among-- a respect you pay to the weathering that time brings.  "Maybe since I fought the Mohammedans."

We turned a corner and were behind the store.  It had new cedar shingles on this wall, making it smell rich, like the forest.  Springtime in the Smokeys was really beautiful and the sun was painting the canopied sky luminous shades of yellow-green.  He threw away the half-eaten bag of bugles into a black trash drum.

He spoke again, this time with only a hint of his drawl.  "It seems like there are fewer and fewer among."

I guessed he had been using the accent for about 150 years, based on how much was left.  His speech now had that lilt that always reminded me of my half century in Wales.  They had been pretty good days.

I said, "Is there room in Appalachia among?"

He ran his thick fingers through his blonde hair.  "Well, I *would* like someone to talk to," he said.  "I've been smithing for a while up here.  I've got a few hundred acres over there a way."  He pointed northwest.  "You can have a piece if you'll patient."

He really *had* been among more recently than me.  I had forgotten about the Patient Way.  "I can do that," I said.  It was a kind of mutual security, the Patient Way.  In saying it, I had agreed to take a piece of his land and live on it without talking to him or interacting with him much.  By ancient convention it was 50 years:  a handful of years was 5 years, and the Patient Way was normally a two hands full of handfuls--50 years.  We used to call it counting "to a fist and back to an open hand."  It meant I would give him 50 years to see me from afar before we got to know each other--and vice versa.  It also let nearly everyone nearby die off.  He was generous to offer me a piece of his land.

"Ok, then."  He extended his hand.  We had sized each other up, and apparently were both ready to be among again, for a time.  He had good feel about him-- "he was good people," as I would have to become habituated to saying.

"I'm Tucker," he told me again.  "What's your name?"

We gripped each other's wrists, the old way.  "Hi, Tucker," I said.  "Call me Enoch."  I was looking forward to getting to know him in 50 years.