It was a dreamless sleep, nothing. Absolutely nothing. You don't know how bad sleeping can feel when you have nothing that the mind has to work with other than just one thing. All I could see or hear or feel during my sleep was 'Elizabeth'. It was almost maddening. I didn't even know who this person is.

I awoke in a cold sweat. I was breathing heavily. I looked around an unfamiliar room in an unfamiliar bed. I had no memory of the day before. Or any day before that. Nothing but the name 'Elizabeth' came to mind.

After taking a moment to adjust myself to the new surroundings I realized I could smell something. I groggily pulled myself out of bed and made my way out of the room. From room to unfamiliar room I made my way to the smell. I walked through the dining room and turned to see the kitchen. A woman was there, cooking breakfast.

"Good morning" She said when she noticed I was looking at her. She must know me, she seems familiar but I don't know where from.

"Good morning" I replied as I found a seat on the dining room table, still looking at her, trying to make sense of what was going on.

After a short while of silence and her cooking, she finished up, brought two plates over, placed one in front of me and one in front of her.

"Eat" She almsot had a commanding tone. "We need to talk."

I looked down at my plate and saw bacon and eggs, it smelled delicious, I started eating.

"Do you know who I am?" She asked as I swallowed down a bit of bacon. 

"No, but you seem familiar for some reason." I replied.

"My name is Elizabeth. I'm your wife." She said, looking at her she almost had a pleading look on her face, hoping I would remember. But nothing came to mind.

"Oh..." I said after a short while, taking in this surprise.

"We have been together for 12 years." She started eating her own breakfast slowly, her hands were shaking slightly. "You lost your memory."

"How?" I asked, now ignoring my food, too overwhelmed by this information.

"We were in a car crash." She said

"Did I get brain damage?" 

"No"

She got out of her seat and took me to the couch, she sat me down and sat next to me, closely, her hand clenching mine. She had tears falling from her face. I couldn't bear to see her like that, she must be my wife if I feel like that for someone I did not know.

"We live in a world where magic is possible." She told me. "But it comes at a cost. The more powerful the magic the bigger the cost."

"What's the cost?" I questioned.

"Memories. You cast a spell. An extremely powerful one. You lost all of your memories. From the day you were born to when you met me." She was visibly trying to hold back her emotions now, but failing. I squeezed her hand. 

"You forgot every second we ever spent together. Our first date. The kiss you gave me afterwards. You forgot when you proposed, you forgot our wedding day, every anniversary. Everything." She couldn't help it anymore, she started crying with all her heart.

I tried to comfort her as best I could, I hugged her as she cried on my shoulder. What I did must have been truly bad.

"What did I do..." I said. She looked up at me. And smiled. That was the last thing I expected. She has such a sweet smile.

"You saved me. I died in that car crash. You used every single powerful memory we had together. Our first kiss, the first time we made love, your proposal to me, our wedding, our anniversary, every single thing we had together, you used it all. You resurrected me from the dead." She held both my hands, still tears running down her face. They weren't of sorrow. They were tears of joy.

"I remember something. The only thing I remember is your name. Elizabeth." After I said that she just looked at me, again with that sweet, loving smile. "I guess I owe you a date if I brought you back from the dead." I said. She laughed and leaned in and kissed me. When she did I remembered. I remembered our first kiss. Maybe it will all come back to me eventually.