"Oh, for the love of God..."

As I pulled up to the gridlocked section of abandoned cars, I finally knew why the last few blocks seemed too quiet. I rubbed my eyes wearily and rested my forehead on the steering wheel. I had already driven over an hour after work to pick up the girls; this day had been long enough already.

"Why couldn't they have been boys instead?"

Ahead of me looked like a war zone. Cars and buildings were destroyed, fires burnt out of control, and the bodies of the unfortunate lay strewn across the ground. Screams of rage and pain filled the air, as did the unmistakeable smell of death. A dark cloud hung just above the road, tendrils of black lashing out at the horde of crazed pedestrians trying desperately to attack it. Every person the cloud touched either died instantly as though the life just vanished from their bodies; or if they were unlucky, in throes of agony.

I saw Piper first. Her hair; dyed green and cropped short was always hard to miss in a crowd. She was sitting on top of an overturned bus with her headphones on; kicking her feet as she watched the battle with gleeful amusement.

Nearby, half hiding behind a destroyed car, half watching the fight herself- was Farah. Her brown eyes flicked around the battle, absorbing as much as she could for as long she dared to peek. She was the most timid and quiet of the four, but keenly observant and wickedly smart.

Amongst the throng of frothing berserkers stood Willow; her face twisted with fury as she screamed at the black cloud. Her temper had always been something to behold, only matched by her fiery hair. It whirled around her shoulders as she spat orders to her entranced slaves- giving no regard to how many that fell.

I couldn't see Danielle, but I knew she was up in the cloud somewhere. She probably felt right at home surrounded by all that blackness. Black clothes, black hair, black lipstick, black everything. She was a mysterious girl; like she was always at odds with herself, never comfortable in her own skin. I always wish I could understand her more.

As I got out of my car, the corpses littering the ground began to stir and climb to their feet. Dani was turning the dead. *When did she learn to do that?* Willow screamed with renewed rage and her thralls bolstered their attack. I strode towards them furiously. This better be good.

I heard Farah squeak and take further cover as I marched past her car. Positioning myself directly in the middle of the melee, I drew myself up and let fly.

"AND WHAT IN THE BLOODY HELL IS GOING ON HERE?!" 

It would have been barely audible in the surrounding uproar; but for the four who heard it, it would have been like I shouted it directly in their ears. Everything stopped and went silent. Willow's thralls collapsed to the ground unconscious, followed shortly after by Danielle's zombies.

Piper began to laugh, "Oh boy, you guys are fucked now!" Her vocabulary matched her tomboyish nature, she had never really cared much for finesse. 

"Oh shit, I'm screwed." Willow slumped to a sitting position on a pile of bodies.

"I'm sorry!" Dani landed softly behind me, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"

"Well hello there, Screwed and Sorry!" I thundered, "Nice to meet you. I'm Pissed Off. Formerly known as Dad."


---

NB: Changed who stole from War a little bit. First prompt, so I would love to hear constructive feedback on how to improve my writing. Please and thank you :)