I could feel my senses slowly gaining strength. First a dull reverberating echo through my ears,  a numb cold through my toes. A bright light seems to sway above my eyes, still held shut by despite every effort to move. The echo becomes clear as my heart finds it's rhythm. Suddenly  I can feel every fiber in my body start to seizure​, the pain was so unbarable even death was welcome. The pain subsides, as I open my eyes. I see blood dispersing though the water that denies my sense of gravity. I relax my fists to see cuts from my own fingernails. The surrounding water turns opaque and quickly leaves the chamber. The bioglass encasing shows at least a millennia of ageing in the best conditions. I can see shadows move thru the room in front of me, back and fourth, back and fourth, in a sense of panic. My chamber opens to silence and all movement becomes complete still, my view distoriented only from a large light staged on me. "Welcome...back...Medical...Doctorate...Eleian...Donoven" the words were forced and robotic.  As I find my voice a short statured man steps forward as the light dims. He was wearing a nicely fitted lab coat although the material was foreign to me. "where am I?" The small tablet he held lit up like fire flies in July.  It was a hologram of Earth, contentental divisions had all but dissapeared, only 2 large land masses and vast ocean we're in view. My suspicions we're all but confirmed. "when am I?" Again the tablet lit up "YEAR...4...2...3...2".  I could sense more and more eyes fixating on me as a low mudder of voices fill the room. I could make out a few words but it was mostly gibberish. A dozen more fitted lab coats step forward, I felt like a giant mutant. I couldn't help but remember when I showed up to my senior prom only to spend the night crying in the bathroom, miss popular decided I would be her next emotional victim that night. All these eyes staring relentlessly on my on weak frame, flat chest, and frizzy blond hair that only acts to covers my abnormally large forehead. As my mind drifts back to the present I examain the crowd in front of me. All short, all brown eyes, all brown hair, all pale as ghost. Perhaps the result of genetic tinkering? But more curiously they seemed to manipulate their faces in impossible expressions, an extremely unique evolution of non verbal communication! I found myself smiling at the clever explanation I made of the absoulte nonsense  surrounding me.  The room exploded in gasps and awwwww. The fire flies lit the room again "beauty...to...rival...the...sky"   I was gently taken by each hand to the far door. Warmth spilled through the exit to revile the sun. Hundreds of times larger than when it last touched my skin. 

Never done one of these before, excuse formatting and spelling on mobile