"Hello Sir." I opened my eyes to see before me a dark cloaked figure. I look around to notice this place is surrounded in blackness, with only the light of a candle on the table before me. Fear overtakes me, I get up to run scrambling out of a wooden chair into the pitch black. I keep running for what feels like a mile before turning back to see that I've gotten no farther than when I originally got up.

"Come now, let's get this over with I have thousands of waiting already," the figure mumbled.

Looking closer, there are white protrusions coming from the figures hood. Then off the glow of the candle light, a sharp blade glints behind him. No not a blade, that's a scythe resting against his chair. Oh...

Breaking my revelation, the figure spoke, "Yes, I am death, and you my friend are dead. Now if you will please sit down, and you can soon begin your new death of eternal torment." There was not a hint of emotion in his voice.

I tried running again, but after a couple minutes logic came back to me. Taking my seat, I stared now at what was an old weary chess bored. 

"I know. Not very creative to you, but your kind has always been a most imaginative bunch."

"I'm not very good at this game," I croaked the words out as if they were trapped in the hell of my throat.

"Then this will be quick," he curtly replied.

Death quickly moved a pawn forward. What seemed an eternity, and well could have been, I tried analyzing the move, thinking of every film, story, and book I've ever encountered. Nothing. I was screwed. Hands trembling, I placed a pawn down. Death moved swiftly, probably having done this a trillion times, moving another pawn. "Wait!" I blurted out, "I want to move mine here instead." Attempting to pick up the piece, it was stuck harder than cement. 

"Really? The most basic rule of board games is once it's out of your hand the move is done."

"I knew that. I just wasn't thinking." Trying to drag out every move, I pondered for obscene amounts of time. Each time, the moment my piece was placed Death would counter. This went on for hours until finally the end was near.

"Check," Death commented.

This was it. This is when Hell begins. I thought about my life, it was hard fought. Lived for 50 years, starting out as a mere recruit. Slowly working my way up the ranks to lieutenant, then captain, and up to commander. Surpassed each one of my peers through one way or another until finally deciding it wasn't enough. Politics was required to make lasting change. I reformed our whole economy, social structure, and way of life by bringing order. No one could've done it but me. Ending up here though was not accounted for unfortunately. 

I moved my last piece knowing that there weren't many options left. Death picked up his queen, just then the mysterious place shook violently knocking both of us out of our seats! The floor was spasming below us lasting for 20 seconds. What in the hell was that? Death casually climbed back into his seat. Fumbling, I started heading back to sit down.

"Alright, Check..." Death stopped abruptly.

Looking at the board I now saw what hit him. "Checkmate", I said. 

"Well this is a mistake, I dropped the piece," He went to move the piece, but it didn't budge.

 We both stared at each other lost in time, until my vision got darker. It became harder to see, but before me looked to be a decrepid old man wearing nothing but cloth. He held a joyous smile, as tears rolled down his cheek.