Cheryl, a plump woman whose face is detailed with many wrinkles and a sea of flowing silver hair, sits at the receptionist desk high above the bustling city below. The room is sleek and clean favoring whites, blacks, and harsh geometric designs. Upon her desk rests only a phone, a pen, and a jar of candies. The phone rings.

"Mr. Stephano's office. How can I help you, today?"

Mr. Stephano was an intriguing man. He often had Cheryl performing tasks beyond what was generally required by her position. He treated her more like a personal assistant than just a receptionist, which is odd due to the fact that his hired personal assistant is perfectly capable of such tasks. These tasks included mowing his lawn, taking his large dogs for walks, raking the leaves, and washing his car. 

She loathes this. But she is also aware that any sort of challenge can result in the loss of her job. Her job, with full benefits and a good paycheck, is something much needed since her retirement funds recently disappeared along with her twenty-five year old grandson.

"Yes, hello?" The voice on the other end of the line replies. "This is Max. I'm calling about the arrangements I've made with with Mr. S."

"I'll patch you through now."

"Thank you."

As she hangs up the phone she pulls a chocolate from the candy jar and inspects it, lost in thought. Just as the chocolate is about to touch her lips...

*BAM!*

Mr. Stephano bursts through his doors, not caring for warn space on the wall where he always slams the door. The sound makes Cheryl jump and angry. She slowly turns red as her boss talks.

"Cheryl, my girl! I need you do do me a favor." He proclaims in a matter-of-fact way.

"What is it, Mr. Stephano?" she replies in snark. 

"Watch that tone, kitten."  


Cheryl grits her teeth.

"Nothing, sir." She manages through the blind rage building in her.

"My old friend just called me about a little work he needs done at his place. Would you mind heading over there to help him out. His car needs a wash and his lawn needs picking up. Please get to it, post haste!"  


He pulls a rake from his room and places it into Cheryl's hands. 

"He always seems prepared for the oddest jobs." Cheryl thinks to herself.

\----

Cheryl trudges each city block to get to her bosses friend's house muttering all the terrible things she would do to him, given the chance when her cellphone rings. It's her boss.

"Hello. Cheryl? While you're out, I'm going to need you to pick up some snacks. I'm holding a small get together later. Anything is fine." He hangs up, not giving her time to speak. She tenses in anger and frustration and continues along her path.

She finally reaching the apartment complex where this friend of Stephano's is supposed to live. A short and hairy man wearing a gold chain and slightly balding stands outside on the grass.

"Hello! Judging by the rake, you must be Cheryl!" He says in a gruff voice.

Cheryl forces a smile and grips the rake so hard that it hurts.  


"Whelp, thank you for coming. Here's everything else you'll need." He says as he shoves a bucket of soapy water and a sponge on her. "Rake up the entire property. You can even push em onto the neighbors place, just do it quickly because after that, I need you to get my car. It's the blue one to the far left. Please clean the inside as well. Thank you." By now, he is already getting into a cab. He gives the driver the address to her place of work and is off.  


She looks at the rake in her hands, the soapy water all over her, the mass of leaves covering the property, the rake, the water, the leaves, the rake, the water, the leaves,until...

She lets out a huge scream and curses the heavens as she throws the bucket of water at one of the cars, which sets off the alarm. She then runs to her boss's friends car and breaks every window with her rake. She makes sure to scratch up the sides and pop the tires as well. She's done with this. With all of this.

\----

The next day Cheryl doesn't show up for work. The friend tries to press charges, but no one can find her. Since then, there has been no trace of her. Even all the belongings in her home were gone. The only thing left was a single note that read: I'm not sorry.