I had begun to miss my family when we found it.  We had never been very close, well except for my dad and I, but I knew he loved our country as much as I did so I was sure he’d understand my commitment. Hell, he was fifty-six when I left and God knows how many years it’s been...he’s probably long gone.  
Well, the boys and I made ourselves a life down here that Dad’d be proud of.  We had regular exercise and a protein-rich diet, a full schedule of hunting, and soft places to rest our heads. 
Fellow seal Rick Jonslinger swam out beyond our usual depth looking for more “variety” for dinner.  Our communication line was next to shot but I could make out a few words here and there.

“...there...fish...down..”

I assumed Rick was diving deeper to pick out a few fish he saw beneath him. We’d been unlucky the past few days in our hunt so he was eager to bring back something substantial. He had his scuba knife on him and years of tactical swimming practice under his belt, so I figured he’d be fine. If he wasn’t, I figured it wouldn’t be too hard to bring whatever fish was down there to justice and eat it in Rick’s honor. He’d like that. 

I turned the brightest lights we had in the vessel on full blast but it wasn’t enough to get a telling picture of what was going on down there. I could only see Jonslinger’s legs pointed toward the surface but miles away from it.  Good god that man can swim. It’s as if after spending so much time down here, he has mutated into a sort of fish man. Water boy. Aquatic fellow. Nautical man. 
The rest of the gents were sleeping soundly, seemingly unbothered by the lights or my frequent grunts of concern. 
Wherever Rick swam, I followed.  I was ok with the idea of plummeting into a pit of deep-sea monsters. We’d been down here so long, it almost seemed like the right way to go. Like what we’d been waiting for every day to finally call off our duty. 


I lost visual of Rick which of course led me to frantically scan every piece of ocean I could possibly glimpse. But only when my heart rate slowed down enough was I able to hear the light tapping on the hatch. I got up and looked around to see if it was Rick, or something else. 
It was too dark and the windows were in the wrong places to see who or what the knocking culprit was. Rick never knocked, and from what I’d seen until then led me to believe fish never knocked either. Maybe Rick was just tired and needed a hand with the door. I readied up to join him out there.  
A younger seal that had been sleeping behind me woke up as I was getting my gear on. 
“Don’t go out there—please. We need your guidance down here or we’ll surely lose hope.”  He pleaded. 

“Hope’s been gone for about an hour. I’m goin’ out there to bring it back.” I said while putting on my water boots. 

I opened the door, looked back at the young tearful squab, and took my chances. 
As I sealed the latch and began to submerge in the wet room, I noticed water rippling close by. No, not rippling...bouncing. Not even bouncing; it was all whirling like a gigantic dervish. 
I couldn’t see the young squab anymore but he was surely terrified and waking the other men to presumably try to queasily watch me die.  As far as I knew, my body hadn’t mutated like Rick’s and I was about to be consumed by the wettest darkest death in the depths of wet darkness.  I stepped into the empty dark space and instantly began to sink, as though there were rocks in my wetsuit. I reached all around for Rick or anything that might hoist me back up toward the diminishing light of our vessel, but there was nothing. 
I plummeted deeper and deeper into the black hole of the deep sea.  I should’ve died by now or at least passed out, but I was still there—falling into nothingness—looking everywhere for a sign of Rick. 

I’d been dropping for so long that I’d begun to feel tired. I closed my eyes for a few moments until I felt a small hand on my shoulder. I opened my eyes and saw a tall yet goblin-esque and full bodied mermaid of sorts covered in thick gilded armor trying to direct me somewhere.  I swam beside it as it led me down even lower. 



“So good being home”, it said as we permeated a wall of water into an apparently oxygen rich palace of lights. 

I walked around, exhausted and amazed—wishing Rick could see this, too. 

“Have you brought anyone else down here recently? Someone like me?” I asked with hope. 
 It turned its head no, but directed me to a smaller bubble room with a few figures standing by a desk. 


They were in the middle of a conversation so I tried to enter slowly and quietly. 


“Ex-squeeze me, but mesa no thinks you were invited here! How wuuude!” said a particularly lanky and large eared one of these creatures. 

“I’m sorry, I was led here by one of your people. I’ve been wandering about the ocean for some time now with my friends. We had a mission but it’s done now and we need new orders. We need to...we need..”  I passed out. 

When I awoke I was alone in a dungeon full of heavy air, with only bubble water to consume. There was a large book in front of me.  I skipped through all of the pages, one by one, and saw that there was nothing written at all. I didn’t understand why I was here or what I was meant to do. 

“Quiet now, George. You’re alright. But your work is only just beginning. Take this book and the pen you will see by the table side.  Good.  You have passed many galaxies and absorbed life from many forces during your journey here.  Your mind cannot see it all but with the help of these tools, you will aid in the unlocking of truths of the universe the likes of which prophets before you only dreamed.”  

“Prophets?” I asked. “Who are you? G-galaxies? Where the hell am I? Who do you think I am?”


“Not you, George—you’re his father.” 

“I’m his father?”

“Yes. You’re his father”

“No. No. That’s not true. That’s impossible. It should be me.”

“What sleeps in you will awaken in him. I have foreseen this. Don’t make me destroy you. I can find someone else.” 

“Fine. I have my orders, then. Send me back and let me give him the damn book.”

“And the pen.”

“Yes, of course, the pen, too.”

“Alright. Just a moment...and—”

“Wait. There’s something I feel that I need to do first. Give me a minute with that doofus with the long ears and obnoxious voice.” 


The long-eared fellow stumbled in alone yet loudly. I picked up the pen and stabbed him in the throat with it—right in the jugular or whatever arterial vein those creatures have in their necks might be called. I don’t know how, but I knew he needed to die....for my son. 




