Darkness slowly retreated. Jase felt his mind hum, unable to focus. Pain coursed through his whole body, finally resting in the base of his skull. It's intensity was so great, he wondered if he’d soon slip into black once again. Blinking, he looked around, trying his hardest to focus, to remember why he had been unconscious. Then, to his regret, he did.

There was Sandy, directly in front of him. They mirrored each other, both chained to a slightly-too-small metal chair, arms and legs tied securely to the cold, stinging metal. Her jaw was completely shattered, agape, and oozing something dark. The bruised sockets where her stunning green eyes used to be were stark reminders of the events that led him here. Images flashed through his brain, as a loud, painful groan echoed off the lifeless cement walls, surrounding him. Images of beatings, tauntings, and vile brutality. Followed swiftly by images of a world far from this one, with soft breezes that smelled of fall, whispered words, and gentle touches. It was these latter visions that hurt the most. Visions of a sweeter time. He should have known. He should have never let himself grow attached. He was never going to leave him alone.

His heart ached as sadness, powerful and foreign, overcame him. Hope. He had always been addicted to hope. It was a part of him. The hope that things would always work out or get better. The hope that no matter how evil the being, there was light somewhere inside. The hope that he could make a life with the only person that he ever really loved. The hope that even if everything fell apart, she’d be spared. It clung to him, and never relented until now. It was a strange feeling.

A creak at the door announced Lack’s return. Probably drawn by my wailing, he thought. Sure enough, into his still-blurry sight came the abomination of his nightmares: a face that matched his own. Even now, broken and on the verge of madness, it still shocked him to see how perfectly they mirrored each other. On the outside, at least. Commissioned together from the same mold, Jase was everything Lack wasn't: kind, gentle, understanding, patient. This made him the perfect counter to the pure brutality that was his "twin." It's why they had made such a good team. That is, until they discovered the Last Words Protocol.  Despite the frenzy that overcame Lack, only Jase had been able to discover that precious information from their commissioner before he died. Words that if spoken, meant the immediate death of the speaker. Like a self-destruct button. Funny words, too. Very fitting.

A blinking blue light tinkled inside Lack's cold, steely eyes. No manic smile this time, only pure disgust and hatred. He wanted the words. He wanted to avoid death forever. Or embrace it on his terms. And he knew that Jase had them. A quick backhand strike caused everything to go blurry again.

"Tell me the words!" screamed Lack, rage tightening his synthetic, human-like skin.

Jase shook off the stinging pain and sighed, shaking his head. "You were always a terrible interrogator, Lack."

It was true. Even now, what more could he take? In his anger and frustration, he had overstepped. Without Jase there to stop him, his brutality was uncontrollable. Sandy was gone. His only hope crushed. Her lifeless body lay limp on the chair, destroyed beyond recognition. There was nothing left for him to do. But one thing remained for Jase. One thing that could insure Lack would never get what he desired.

Raising his head, he spoke softly. "Hey Lack..."

Lack turned, bristling. The blue light flickered harshly in his eyes.

"Fuck you."

The words sounded strange in Jase’s mouth, this being the first time he uttered such profanity. In some strange way, it felt good. He sighed and smiled, feeling every ounce of his body relax, as the angry screams from his twin faded into a soft fall breeze.