I hear the sound of wheels screeching to a halt. My attention redirects itself from my phone screen to the sound, i gather my things, and as I'm about to hop on, a thought crosses my mind. You see, last time i reached to pull something from The Void, i pulled out a Single-Ride pass out of the bag that i was able to use for the train. I would've missed my train  had i taken time to put money on my card. I didn't "need" a pass since i have money in my card, but i did need to get to work. So with past successes in mind, i reached for The Void, my finger feeling around for the piece of plastic. First thing i noticed was cold, hard, and metal surface. It had a strange, porous surface. I try to grasp the whole thing in my hand, reaching all the way to the bottom of the object. Then i stop, no question about it, this is a pistol. I quickly let go, hands now trembling i reach for my wallet and scan my pass. A pistol? Why would it give me a pistol? My throat clenches as a sudden realization hits me. Am i going to have to shoot somebody? Someone's going to hijack this bus and i'm going to have to shoot them. This damn bag has never, in my time with it, gave me something i never not needed to use. I've never even used a weapon. I don't think i will be able to shoot someone. I don't think i could end a life. But I'm going to need to aren't i? Its going to be an 'either them or me' situation isn't it? At the very least I'm going to have to save someone's life if not my own. I state at the front door of the bus, time just slows. I swear my heart is beating louder than the whole bus engine, surely they can hear it. I put my hand in the bag, wishing that i pull out something else, that the time that i needed a pistol has passed three stops back. My forehead furrows as i feel the pistol  still there. So i still need to use it. So far we've road pass five bus stops and picked up two people. None suspicious so far. I see a group of teenagers on the bus stop coming up. I glance at my watch, 3:30 PM. They must be high school students. Am igoing to have to shoot one of them? One of them five has a pistol don't they? Or worse yet, a bomb? No their clothes aren't particularly bulky. And i don't see a gun tucked in their pants, it must be in their bag, dammit why do they all have to have bags big enough to carry an Assault Riffle. No focus, if this is happening now, it's going to happen fast. Im thinking of how i should position myself to face them while not looking suspicious, when one of the girls talking to her friend says "Yeah, next time boo, let's just stick to either clear or dark liqueur. Let not fucking mix Jack with Grey Goose, i cant remember anything after the 9th shot boo." 9th shot? Jack and Grey goose? Though adrenaline is coursing through my veins that i can almost taste it, another feeling just as powerful comes over me, Deja Vu. I've heard this before, but where? I.. I had a dream about this. There's and elderly man sitting with a dark brown cane lay on his lap. I start to remember more and more things in my dream that are the same as my current situation. I look up to confirm my fear, bus #3678. This is it. This is my dream! Two coincidences make an strange and unlikely situation. Three coincidences make a fucking prophesy.
I quickly snap out of it, and bring my attention completely forward. Alright, alright thanks in my dream we all die when we pass a grey Ford Focus on the side of the road. There was two people trying to fix the engine with their emergency lights on when suddenly the car begins to smoke and quickly explodes right when we pass it. I look ahead and my heart stops when i see smoke in the distance. I trail he smoke down and there's the grey Ford, and there's the emergency lights. I realize i don't have a lot of time. I have to stop this bus, i have to. But how? Without hesitation a though crosses my mind and i act on it, out of desperation I don't weight the Pros and Cons. I cock the gun back inside the bag. A few eyes turn to the distinct sound. I get up and pull out the weapon. "Everybody this is a bus jacking, stop this bus!" I hear panicked screams fill the inside the bus. Why hasn't the bus driver stopped? We're not going to stop in time. I pull the trigger, defining sounds ring inside the bus. "I said Stop this fucking bus right now!" The screeching of wheels to a halt, fills me with relief. “Everybody get off this bus right now, you bus driver open this damn door.” He does so with fear in his eyes. 
“I don’t have a lot of mo-“ 
“Shut up and look!” I raise my hand and point to the grey Ford Focus. As if by my command, it explodes as I point at it. 
“We were suppose to die today” 
He scrambles to rationalize what just happened. 
“It’s ok don’t worry about it too much, I have to go now, be safe.” I calmly say as a step out the bus. I put the gun away and close the bag. I quickly open it back up and the pistol is not there anymore. Good, the time that I needed to use this has passed. I close my leather bag again. For the last time I swear to myself, but I know better. 