I can’t say I understood the point of this trial with the kingpin of the underworld, but the black, scaled skin and the pointed tail skittering the bishop across the board was pretty hard evidence. I should have been overwhelmed by the shock of it, the tortured screams, the smell of sulphur and burnt flesh, the mythos incarnate fidgeting uncomfortably in his seat across the table. But if I was the first of the transhuman generation to meet an untimely demise in our crime, cancer and crash-free world, I would have to make a show of it. A wire threaded down my spine intercepted my nerves and steadied my hands. A cranial implant flooded my mind with unpronounceable chemicals and electrical stimulus. My ears filtered the world around me, the world left so precisely quiet I could hear the creaks of the blood circulating through the devil’s muscles, an oddly biological artefact for a being so divine.

I picked up the queen and pushed her two spaces forward.

Her sharp stone cuts brought a disturbed contrast to the mottled volcanic landscape around us, the beauty of the pieces so distinct from the uneven pitted plates that covered my living oponent’s skin. My mind, so inescapably focussed, was drawn to the crafted shine delicately woven into each and every piece, loving tools of posthumous murder. The round top of each pawn reflected my own face, alone amidst the distorted scenery filtered out of existence before it reached the brain, and in it I saw the other eye darting around, double-triple-quadruple checking for inaccuracy or deception, feeding the world to the unconscious higher order silicon-germanium grandmaster I had within me.

I retreated the queen one space diagonally. A thought shimmered in my mindspace, and I drew it to my conscious attention. Mate in twelve.

Satan looked uneasy, agitated, though it was hard to tell with his foreign facial architecture and my socio-cognitive enhancements on standby to minimise power draw. He clicked out some violent sounding speech, likely a curse, but I was informed it didn’t match any known language of Earth. I saw him stare at me briefly from the reflection in the flat marble. I wondered what a board like that of my own would cost, if I were not in hell. It would not be cheap, perhaps an hour’s labour, and I was loathe to do a moment’s more labour than necessary, though if it were a trophy of this event, perhaps even that might be appropriate.

I advanced the rook and took the bishop, to advance humanity and take down a deity.

Satan looked me in the eye and spat. My heart skipped a beat before the balancing mechanisms threaded through my flesh forced it back into line. This was the final frontier. This was the last dragon to slay.