"What the fuck?"

One minute I was cliff diving and the other I wake up in a room that's completely white and empty. Is this a hospital? Did I hit my head and got sent to the hospital?

I look around to try and find a door but there's nothing.

"No come on there's gotta be a door somewhere. How else would I have gotten *IN*."

I feel along the walls, knock against them to listen for any hollow spots, even check for trap doors on the floor and ceiling. "There's nothing" I say, mouth agape. I give up on the idea of finding a trick and begin bashing against the walls.

"My my a violent one aren't you?" I hear a voice, female, mature.

"What, who's that, who's there?"

"Hello, my name is Lia."

I must be dreaming. This gorgeous 11/10 woman suddenly appears out of thin air like smoke. She's a little shorter than me, maybe 5'6? Her skin is so white it almost glows like her lips. She has flaming hair, like literally on fire, slightly glowing pink lips, white pupils and the whites of her eyes show space and moving twinkling stars. She's wearing billowing, almost sheer, black robes. Yup I am most definitely dreaming. 

"Hiya" I had no idea what else to say.

"What is your name?"

"Oh, I'm Philip, nice to meet you."

"Greetings Philip, Do you know where you are?"

"That is a very good question."

She giggled and it was like sweet wind chimes. Damn I have a good imagination. Might as well enjoy this dream while it lasts.

"So you come here often?" What is wrong with me? I can't even hit on a girl in my dreams.

"You could say that."

Wait what? She comes to my dreams often? I think I would remember her.

"Well then, let me explain. You are what we call a free spirit."

"Yea, I'm pretty free spirited I guess."

She giggles once more and I'm ready to melt. "No dear, I mean you're a free spirit. In the literal sense of the word. This is the afterlife."

"So I'm dead."

"Yes."

"Well, I guess I lived a decent life."

"Oh good. You understand. We can save some time. Now then, usually when a living being dies it goes to the plane of the deity it worshiped. However in your case, you didn't worship any deities and therefore are a free spirit. All spirits must go to the plane of a deity after they die. So you can see how free spirits are a little troublesome to us?"

"Yea I follow. So what now?"

"Now, you must choose a deity to follow, and live in their plane for all eternity."

Wow that sounds pretty miserable. ALL ETERNITY. I couldn't even hold a relationship for more than a few years so I'm pretty sure I'd screw up all eternity. I wonder where she's from.

"So which deity do you follow?"

"Me? I don't follow any deities. I am a goddess myself."

Well no surprise there she is inhumanly beautiful. The literal moving stars in her eyes should have told me that.

"Well I guess I'll just follo-"

A loud booming laughter begins to echo out throughout the room. "I wouldn't if I were you child." A huge man materializes next to me. He's about 3 meters tall, sporting fur clothes with a bear head as a hat and is missing a hand. He hefts an axe over his shoulder and says "These lesser gods are always trying to get the headstart over us. Her  is small and has little amenities to offer."

Damn this dude looks manly. "And you are?"

"My name is Tyr, god of law and glory."

Holy crap it's Tyr. I used to love mythology. Greek, Norse, Chinese; I knew most of the major mythologies and Tyr's name is pretty well known.

"Follow me and we will go to Valhalla where we will DRINK, FIGHT, FEAST AND PREPARE FOR RAGNAROK." He stabs his axe into the ground and stretches his one hand toward me.

Damn that sounds cool to be honest. What more could I possibly ask for?

"Now hold it there Tyr." The sound of a middle aged man's voice with a tinge of laughter travels over. The one to materialize this time is a short fat man with a potbelly. "Look at him. He is obviously one of my people. He should come with me to the cycle of rebirth."

"Pah, Buddha, Who would follow you? You and your weak little *peaceful* ways. Don't follow him boy, all you do is sit around all day and meditate. It's the most dull life I can imagine."

Buddha and Tyr begin arguing about the right way to live. I'm on Tyr's side to be honest. No way I wanna sit and meditate all day, fighting and feasting all the time sounds way cooler.

"You two are always bickering why don't you give it a rest already?" An old man white strikingly white hair and a beard materializes next. He's sporting what I would assume is a Toga.

"Holy crap it's Zeus."

"HAHAHAHA, you recognize me. Good child, good. What say you join me in Elysium!"

Damn I'm getting invited to Elysium too?

"Elysium can hardly compare to Heaven don't you think?" What appears next is a ... ball of light?

Zeus's face contorts and he is visibly angry. "You dare challenge me, God?!"

"I'm only speaking the truth aren't I? Heaven has far more residents than Elysium and thus we also have far better amenities."

Zeus's face gets more and more gloomy and a thunderbolt appears in his hand.

"Whoa whoa! Calm down! Violence is not the answer!"

Zeus looks at me, harrumphs and puts away his lightning bolt. "You see what sort of vile heart he has child? He provokes the very moment he appears. You wouldn't enjoy any sort of *Heaven* he has to offer. Elysium is far grander than you can imagine!"

"You shouldn't speak badly of people when they're right here you know." The little light ball starts to increase in size. 

Zeus pulls out his thunderbolt again, and I run off to another corner of the room.
 
"Hi again Lia. Those guy are fighting and I'm just trying to, you know, not be vaporised." She giggles and it's like I can't even hear Tyr and Buddha arguing. More gods start appearing: Ra, Amaterasu, Akycha, Kukulkan, Abenaki, Anansi, lots of names I can't even pronounce. The list goes on! The room can apparently change size to accommodate everyone. All the gods come and give their spiel but at some point I get tired of it and it just sounds like salesmen trying to sell me something.

"Okay guys. You've all had your say, now give me some time to think." The gods voice their assent and start disappearing one by one in their various flashy ways. The worst one made their body explode.

"Ah Lia can I talk to you for a little."

"Of course." She smiles and her radiance just overwhelms me.

"Everyone got to have a turn but I never did hear what your plane is like."

The stars in her eyes flash and she gets visibly excited. "Well it's not much! My plane is just a small solar system tucked away in a small corner of the dimensional expanse. It's like you heard I'm a lesser god compared to the others." She pouts a little. "But my planet is a lot like yours! There's plants and wildlife and lots of tasty food and good weather. And since I don't have much to manage I can always spare time to grant some of your wishes in my plane!" 

"Oh that sounds pretty nice actually. I'll think about it, but before I do make a choice could you grant one small wish of mine?"

"Oh what's that?"

"Can you close your eyes for a while?" I say blushing and unable to look directly in her eyes.

She giggles "And what are you going to do while my eyes are closed."

"Close your eyes and you'll see."

"Well I look forward to it." She flashes me a cheeky smile and closes her eyes.

I slowly bring my face closer to hers until our lips are almost touching. Then I lunge toward her throat and rip a chunk of flesh out of her neck. I spit it out and dodge backward. I watch as she collapses into a small heap drowning in her own blood. 

"I remember that in many mythologies, if you kill a creature and bathe in it's blood you can gain their powers. Sorry, Lia but being another lackey in a plane compared to being a god is a no brainer."

 I walk up to her body and begin smearing her blood all over my body. "Let's hope this works." And it does. I can feel power entering me and feel the changes in my body. I take on Lia's characteristics. My hair bursts into flames and my eyes begin filling with twinkling starlight. I begin to grow more handsome and apparently I get the glowing pink lips too.

"Nice, it worked. I stood no chance against any of the other gods. I mean they're GODS and they all had their guards up, but Lia you're such a nice girl you didn't even try to guard against me even when I told you to close your eyes."

I feel a connection to *something*. "Huh I must have gotten control of her plane too. SWEET. I'd better clean this up before the other gods come back."

I will some fire to burn Lia's body to ashes and disappear in a puff of smoke.