It was a day like any other, kids were in schools, adults at their jobs, the elderly silently judging on park benches in Central Park. We, the citizens, had no idea what was going to take place on that fateful day. That in a few hours most of the city would be in ruin.

It crept down through word of mouth that the government was at fault. They never fully screened the possibilities of what would happen, but that's the US government right? Apparently they realized Ol' Lady Liberty was designed to be hooked up to some... power source. They didn't even bother contacting the French to ask the meaning, they simply grabbed a fuel cell from a power plant a few counties over. 

Il never forget that moment, standing across the bay listening to the water lap up on the shore. The sounds of the seagulls flying over head, the bustling city behind me. Funny isn't it? in that moment with everything going around, I can almost remember an eerie silence permeating the air. 

There were government trucks out on Liberty island moving something, i didn't know what at the time it was tarped, into the statue. "Probably just some repair equipment" I thought. Funny isn't it? How we can be so ignorant of terrible events to come, you truly never see anything coming. 

It was only a few minutes after they wheeled in the object that I noticed something funny, it looked like a glint had appeared in the statues eyes. The kind you see when someone reaches an understanding, or maybe the kind that lets you know someone's "there". 

At this point I started to think I was going mad, not just questioning a small detail, but I simply could not comprehend that what I was seeing was real. Funny isn't it? That when it is most important to analyze a situation our brains seem to shut down. But what i saw before me no one could have made any sense of. The statue was... moving. 

I was frozen in disbelief, the world was spinning out of control. Thank god at this point my legs took over and I fled just as the statue was stepping into the harbor. I fled into the subway system, something told me the ground nor anything above was safe anymore. Their were maybe 20 of us, huddled together while sirens above wailed and the sounds of buildings collapsing boomed through the tunnels.

After the past 70 years, it turns out France is the most war hungry nation of all... Funny isn't it?

Edit: im new at this so take it easy