Don't get involved. That's what dad always said. We aren't here to ask questions we're here to provide a service. It's an ugly service, one we wish wasn't needed, but it is.

Merchants need weapons to protect themselves form bandits, bandits had kids they needed to feed. Knights lived and died by their lance and sword, and sometimes the fishmonger needs a good can opener because one of those knights is staying at his place and seems to have forgotten his vows.

I had it in my fool head at the time I was helping people protect themselves.

I could already see it in this "adventurer's" eyes. There's protection and then there's these folks.

So... I had to ask.

"You folks look like you've been around. You work for the caravans?" I asked. I knew the answer already, but if I ran on assumptions I wouldn't be much better than them now would I?

"No, we travel. Always have." the lady I assumed was the leader said. I wouldn't say her armor was pristine, but it was well taken care of. Really good at keeping attention while one of their friends hung out in back taking who knows what.

"Well if you folks need work, the smith can always use a hand, and the stables are always willing to pay a good meal and a few coins for an honest days work. Not much else to see around this town." Might as well give them a chance at an honest living.

"We're here for a larger job than that. We heard about Rock Thrasher raising an army in the area. We plan to put an end to him before that happens. Scatter the rabble to the wind."

Of course they were.

"Dangerous work." I replied. "Not that I don't appreciate the help but I really have to wonder what would make you stick your neck out for folks like us. We don't have much to pay with."

"THink nothing of it my good man!" piped up the third man in the shop, well dressed, surprisingly so for a traveller. Lighter armor, light pair of swords, a duelist of some kind I'd wager. "It is my fair leader's duty to fight evil where she finds it. My more brooding companion survived a raid by orcs as a youngster, he's repaid them a dozen times over by destroying their camps where he finds them. Myself... well I am of a more mercantile nature like yourself. Speaking of, maybe you can give us a deal on these goods... or maybe some tips on what's going on to make this trip a little more worth both our time?"

The severe woman in the front cast an angry glare towards her more flamboyant counterpart, but let him continue, clearly finding his mercenary nature... disagreeable.

That cinched it. "Well... I know where there's a group getting ready to strike out against Rock Thrasher." I said, motioning for the two to lean in. THe man in the back could take whatever he wanted at this point honestly, none of my best stuff was in this part of the shop. "You guys know your way out of trouble, so I think I can trust you with a package I need to get to them. Our smith has been making swords without telling anyone for the past few weeks, but the runners we used to have were picked up by the warband. I can give you the package and a sigil to identify yourself with."

I took a map I kept "hidden" and placed it on the counter, letting them get a long look. "These are the patrols best as we can figure them from our scouts. If you take this pass you should be headed in the same direction as any patrols until you get to Werther's Heath. Even if they spot your tracks they'll be hours behind you."

The well dressed man gave a smug grin to the severe looking woman and she rolled her eyes before they made a few notes to their map. We exchanged a few more conversations before they left, paying barely above the cost of making the gear they took.

I waited another hour or so before stepping into the back and knocking three times on the door across the way, then twice more.

There was of course no response. "Tell Rock Thrasher his shipment is coming in, they are headed to Werther's Heath. He should give them a warm welcome."

Not to give too much away, but should anyone be overhearing they would expect trouble to meet them at the heath, not half a day's travel away where the road narrowed. The sigil had this new stuff an alchemist friend of mine had found called flash powder. You don't want to get that too close to fire.

A religious zealot looking to kill others because their god demands it, some mercenary who will kill anyone you pay him to... well okay I didn't have too much trouble with him. Of my many foibles hypocrisy is not one of them.

The other one though, going and killing anything that resembled people that even looked like the ones that hurt him? He was the worst kind. The world is dangerous enough when people fight for good reasons, but perpetuating a cycle of violence for no other reason than it happened to you is madness. An eye for an eye makes the world blind.

I told myself all those years I was helping people protect themselves and their loved ones. At least now I can finally be honest with myself when I say it.