Would it have killed them to leave an instruction manual? Jeez, what an ickily fitting phrase… yet, I have been rather morbid since the accident. For all I know, my parents **did** die trying to leave me an instruction manual. Would that merit changing the verb from died to killed? This thing works in mysterious ways. 

It wasn’t a freak accident by any means or measure. Just your routine automobile collision leaving nothing but twisted metal, its crushed contents, and an orphaned college student. I guess I’m lucky that it happened over the summer – I got to spend my weeks out of class going through all their stuff and wallowing away. 

The chest was in a dusty corner of the dusty attic. Perhaps I should have expected the dusty attic cliché, the place of dramatic and significant discoveries. But the densely floating dust motes contributed less to an air of mystery than a difficulty breathing and a buildup of black boogers. Especially after days of lugging down box after bin after bag of old Halloween decorations, toys, clothes… all sorts of crap. 

Anyway, the chest was old and it was locked. This was more frustrating than intriguing to me. I decided to wage bets on a 21st century hammer versus a question-mark century chest. Inside, the realm of dust continued to reign supreme. The sole contents of the chest: an old leather bag. This is where the instruction manual should have been, with an in-depth explanation of how the bag works and why oh why was it locked away. 

I didn’t use the bag until this semester started, but fishy things started to happen almost immediately. Literally. I was in the library craving sushi after hours of reading, reached in to my bag for a highlighter, and pulled out one of those grocery store sushi packages. Ohhhhhh… kaaaaayyyyy… Not long after, I forgot my calculus textbook on my way to class. Or so I thought (dun dun dunnnn). Yeah, well, I sat down in class and reached in to the bag for a pencil only to have my fingers close around the spine of… any guesses? No, not my archenemy – my calculus textbook! 

I know what you’re thinking: “Maybe he should stop reaching for writing utensils…” or perhaps even more ridiculously “Maybe he just forgot that he put the book in there…” Let me assure you, I have thoroughly tested my bag-related suspicions. That same day, I hid my textbook in a cupboard of the classroom. Later in the evening, as I sit down to complete the problems for the next day, I reached in to the bag and pulled out that damn textbook. 

Was that even the same book? Did it disappear and teleport from where it had been left in the classroom? Or was an entirely new book created in its place? There was no textbook in the cupboard in class the next day, for the record. 

For a while the bag consumed my every spare thought and more, questions about it rattling and riddling my mind. But in a short time, the simple convenience of it lulled me. I pulled out a water bottle on a long hike. A tube of toothpaste was inside before I had even realized I’d run out. Quarters to pay a parking meter. Umbrella as the sprinkle of a downpour began. Gum as a friend complained about their breath. A poop bag as I walked by a dog off its leash in a park. It wasn’t entirely unlimited. With a monstrous dirty laundry pile to worry about, I shook the bag upside down (expecting an endless torrent of fresh clothes). I got a new pair of socks. Had I found Santa’s hideout? 