“Look, just get off out of my boat. Go now. I’m sick of the sight of you.”

I sneered at death as he pointed a bony finger past me in the direction of hell. He had been moaning at me the whole trip down the river Hades, complaining all the time about my company. The waters of the river Styx lapped gently against the boat, letting out slow moans from the souls of the eternally damned as they drifted past in their eternal loop of suffering.

I waited until death started waving his scythe at me before finally stepping onto land.

“What a nightmare,” I heard the Grim Reaper mutter as his vessel departed back into the roiling mists.

So, here I finally was – Hell. It was inevitable really. Before I was even born, a gypsy lady had foretold my mother of the innate and abominable evil that would fester in her and become her firstborn son. Honestly, even from the beginning I was one of the worst people you could meet. As a baby I was exorcised but, if anything, it just exacerbated my evil. The next day, after he had performed the ritual, the priest died from from a heart attack. I, naturally, was blamed. You could say, my whole life was set up to be evil after that event.

An existence of demented debauchery – too much to list here – followed. Have you ever thrown abandon to the wind and lived life with no regard to any other human? It is liberating up until the point when you are lynched then burned at the stake by an angry mob.

After death, it hadn’t taken long to judge me. Within the time it takes to blink, an angel had dispensed me to the underworld as one would flush the remains of last night’s curry down the toilet. I realised at that moment that I was relieved not to be going to heaven. If they all looked as snooty as the one judging me, I would rather do without!

I looked down at my feet and was surprised to see a flaming corpse had grasped at my foot. The gender was impossible to tell. A lifetime of skin peeling heat from the fire pits had scorched all external features, leaving a groaning, wretched stack of barbecued ribs in place of a human.

“Well, you’re something of a cliché, aren’t you?” I said. “Is this supposed to scare me?” Unimpressed by my first visitor, I kicked the crispy humanoid down the fire pit they had taken so long to crawl out of. Peering over the edge, I watched, amused, as they bounced from jagged rocks all the way down. Would I ever have to endure that same fate? Who cares?

I turned around and gazed at my new digs, chuckling as I did so. “Who’s in control of the thermostat?” I shouted aloud. “Can we turn it up a little?”

As if answering my question, a black cloud began to form in front of me. The demons that were gathering around me suddenly fled into the crevices and nooks of the hot earth as a broiling, maelstrom of the most terrible evil bubbled up. Next to me, a little man with a pencil moustache began to urinate all over his uniform and dove into the fire pit, shrieking Heil Satan!

After the funny looking man had disappeared down the hole, a supersonic wave rippled through the air, sending shock waves through the fire and brimstone as Lucifer, prince of evil, appeared.

I started to clap my hands slowly. So much about hell was unnecessarily theatrical.

“Ok – so I’m in hell; you’re the prince of hell and I’m a bad guy. What are you going to do about it?” I said as Lucifer bowed.

He smiled. It was true that he had a pointed face but he was not the crude, red painted goat man that all the Christians depict him to be. He was actually quite dashing. I waited there, expecting him to strike me down or to summon a rod of lightning to impale me. Perhaps he was going to order a titan to rip me in half and shake out my entrails.

What he did instead was take my hand and shake it vigorously.

“Excellent work,” he said, his face breaking into a wide, beaming smile. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet another master of the dark arts.”

Arching my eyebrow in suspicion, I asked him if this was part of the torture process. If it was, he need not bother.

“No, no – you misunderstand,” he said apologetically. “I genuinely am a fan. That episode with the nuns was a masterstroke.”

I could not help but smile. What I had done in that convent had been particularly bad.

“Finally, it’s refreshing to meet someone who appreciates me for who I am,” I said.

Lucifer smiled again. It reminded me of dark chocolate – sugary but bitter.

“For an eternity, God has had the upper hand on me,” he said taking me by the shoulder, guiding me past a field of stretching racks where ravens were picking away at the soft, exposed bellies of people being stretched.

“All these millennia I’ve been wondering how I finally get the upper hand.”

I could not help but smirk.

“You want my expertise?”

Lucifer shook his head.

“I can see obvious talent and it’s time I went up to earth to revel in man’s misfortune again. Tell me, how do you feel about ruling Hell while I’m away?”

I looked around at the misery and suffering.

“When can I start?”