"Jude!" He called out, "Hey Jude, honey, you here?" 

*Weird,* he thought to himself, *She's usually back from work before me.*

Quinn sat down on on the couch centered in their tiny studio apartment. Sighing, he popped open a beer and turned on the TV.

"Several disappearances have been reported to the police," the reporter said, ever smiling. "Tune into the report at 6."

"Say John, maybe all these people are taking an early vacation to get out of the cold," the second reporter chirped, "here's Olly Williams with the weather!"

The screen shifted to the weatherman, but Quinn was hardly paying any attention, having been distracted by a light glow coming from the bathroom. 

Suddenly, Jude burst out of the bathroom, looking slightly manic, with a pleasant glow surrounding her. She locked eyes with Quinn, who was quite startled, and nearly pounced into him with an embrace.

"I never stopped loving you!" She exclaimed as she took his hand. "We have to go back, there's so much you need to see!"

Quinn looked at her, perplexed, " Hon, are you OK? I was only at work-"

"Just trust me," she interrupted, "It will all make sense soon!"

She pulled him up and towards the glowing bathroom. 

"Where are we-" Quinn started, only to stop in his tracks.

In the bathtub was a grapefruit sized metal ball, floating and pulsing calmly, like an ocean wave. Jude and Quinn locked eyes, as they both reached out to the ball, not really in control of their actions due to the spectacle.

As their hands clasped around the ball, their fingers touched and an electric current went through them both.

----An Undeterminable Time Later, since time is an earth based concept---- 

Darkness. There was nothing to the couple, no thoughts or ego, just the feeling of each other's hands, then the light flooded through.

Quinn looked around, startled at the change in scenery. There were flowers of various shades all around him, and a beautiful purple mountain-scape in the background. An overwhelming feeling of relief flooded his senses and he couldn't help but shed tears of joy as he pulled Jude to him.

They both whooped with bliss as they experienced life for the first time. No more obligations, no working two jobs to pay for a crummy apartment, no more negativity, and no more leading the life neither of them wanted. Here, they were one, there was no need to say any more words, for they both knew each other completely.