"Come on Tim, It'll be funny." Frank said with that stupid, shit-eating grin on his face.

"How could this possibly be funny?" I grumbled in frustration. "The best thing we can hope to happen out of this is that we're ignored."

Frank rolled his eyes. "What? You afraid to get hauled off to some prison for Treason?"

It was my turn to roll my eyes. "Hardly, I just can't find the humor in sending a letter to the U.N. declaring 'Asslandia' it's own nation."

"Then why are you even writing that letter?" Frank demanded.

"Because if I don't," I sighed loudly. "you'll never shut up about it." I tucked the letter into an envelope and placed it into the mailbox. "There, we have now proudly declared Asslandia it's own sovereign nation. Happy?"

"I'll be happier when we get a response." Frank said with a grin. With Frank's obnoxious request out of the way, we could finally get back to getting our asses handed to us on Call of Duty. Those damned thirteen year olds that can practice all day while the rest of us have to go to work.

Several weeks go by, and Frank and I had all but forgotten the ridiculous request until the mail arrived that afternoon. A bright white envelope with a rather official looking seal with mixed together with the bills and other random junk mail. I unceremoniously opened the letter by using my pinky finger like a letter opener and pulled the letter from within. 


    Emperor Bhuthol;

    We at the UN have received your request to have the U.N. recognize your nation of Asslandia. After a long deliberation
    we have decided to approve your request...

The letter hit the floor as I ran to get my phone. It rang several times before Frank's groggy voice answered. "Dude, this better be damned important; you know I work nightshift."

"You remember that stupid letter you had me write the U.N.?" I demanded.

Frank cursed. "Seriously dude, see a therapist or something. No one's going to come beating down your door because of some stupid prank."

"They accepted our request asshat!" I growled.

Frank cursed again. "Great it's..." rustling over the phone. "8:00am, I've had four hours of sleep, and you feel the need to do this. I mean maybe I..."

"I'm not kidding Frank. I know damned well what time you get home. Do you really think I'd call you and wake you up for some kind of prank? I'm not that much of an ass." I walk over and pick the letter off the floor and begin reading it to Frank. "...We would like for you or your representative to come to the U.N. at your earliest convenience to finalize paperwork."

"Alright, I'll play along," Frank said with a grumble and a yawn. "but, I swear to god Tim, if you are pranking me..."

"Yeah, yeah." I cut him off before he could finish his hollow threat. "You do know what this means though, right?"

"What, if you're not just screwing with me?" Frank asked, more distant than before, he must have put me on speaker.

"I'm not screwing with you Frank." I assured him. "It means we've got to find a way to get to New York."

"Nah, that part's easy." Frank says with more confidence than I expected. "My uncle's always going on about how I should get out and see more of the world. He want's me to get more cultural experiences, you know. He told me that anytime I got the itch to travel he'd be happy to fund my journey."

"Seriously?" I demanded. "Then why do you work night shifts at Pump N' Dump?"

"Eh," I could almost hear the shrug in Frank's voice. "I never had the desire to go anywhere. I mean, what's out there that's not around here?"

I roll my eyes, but otherwise deside to ignore the comment. "So then..."

"Listen," Frank cuts me off. "I'll take care of the travel stuff, you just figure out what we're going to say to the world leaders."

"You're awfully calm about all of this." I assert.

Frank chuckles. "Maybe it's because I still don't believe you, but it'll make my uncle happy to see me getting away from here."

A few days later we are boarding a plane bound for JFK International Airport. Our plane lands and we hail a cab for the U.N. building. As our taxi slowly rolls through the city I turn to Frank. "Aren't we supposed to have some kind of Diplomat status or something?"

"Why are you asking me?" Frank demands. "I've never been a diplomat before."

I shrug, "Fair enough." We spend the cab ride in nervous silence the rest of the way to the U.N. building. We pay our cab driver and make our way past the flags of dozens of nations. "We're going to need a flag." I say absently.

"What's that?" Frank asks as we stride up to the door.

"A flag, our nation's going to need a flag." I say I we step into the main hall of the U.N. building.

"Dude," Frank says dismissively. "It's a thirty acre tract of land in the middle of nowhere with one resident. Why do you need a flag?"

I glare at him but nothing more as we approach the reception desk. "Hi, um..." I shakily hand the lady at the desk my letter. "I received this in the mail."

She quickly glances over the letter and back to me. "And you are?"

"Timothy Jones."

"And who is Emperor Bhuthol?" She says without a hint of amusement on her face.

"That would be me." I assure her. "I'm a Emperor Bhuthol first emperor of Asslandia." As I say the words I can feel the heat pulsating from my face.

She nods and then glances to Frank. "Who's this?"

"This is my ambassador Franklin Renolds." 

"Spell that last name please." She asks and quicly types as I spell the name. A moment she hands each of us a badge and leads us deeper into the building. "Mr. Rothenberg with be with you shortly." True to her word a balding middle aged man steps into the room. He hands us a pile of paperwork to fill out in order to solidify my land as a nation. As soon as the paperwork is finished he shakes our hand, gives us a schedule of the U.N. meetings and welcomes us to the United Nations.

Frank and I spend the flight back in a mix of talking over each other and amazed silence. The plane lands and we each head back to our homes to spend the rest of our long weekend trying not get get owned on CoD. Two days later my front door is violently kicked open and men in full army uniforms with assault rifles leveled spill into my home. 

"Emperor Bhuthol, you're coming with us." As I open my mouth to complain the butt of a rifle connects with my temple. I wake up some time later in a small, cramped cell. The dim light from small window is the only illumination. In the distance I hear a radio, the news is playing. "Earlier today, the United States military successfully liberated the nation of Asslandia. The tyrant who had declared himself Emperor of the small nation was killed by an elite S.E.A.L. team." Sounds of cheering in are played in the background. "You can hear the people cheering the troops as they tear down the statues of the man who oppressed them for so long..." The sound of footsteps approach my cell.

"Congratulations kid, you're dead." A grizzled, grey haired soldier says with a smile. "Running a nation's not all it's cracked up to be huh? Don't worry, we'll deposit you somewhere cozy. Thanks to your stupid stunt, we were able to seize that land without having to pay you for it." He chuckles wryly. "You saved Uncle Sam a couple hundred thousand bucks, and we get to look good on the news." The man unlocks my cell and leads me out. "Next time you decide to declare you house a nation, don't." The light stings my eyes as he leads me out into the light.