   The red light flashed in my face. Through my closed eyes I could see it, through my skin I could feel the warmth of that red alarm. I was still in a dream, one where the Gravesion Disease had not wiped out half the human population. A dream where the galaxy of nonhumans under our Empire had not conspired to destroy us while we were at our weakest. A dream where humanity still held control of it's star systems. A dream in which the Os'wa' Federation had decided against mercy and sought to destroy our last refuges.  

   A dream where we did not freeze ourselves in the burnt mountains of a glassed Earth. A dream where we did not have to use the GRM Firing Pin. A dream where we had not killed a galaxy of sentient creatures to save ourselves. A dream where we could start over. 

   I awoke silently, the cryogenic agent bleeding off of me in rivets of icy blue, as the ancient machine that had served as my coffin for the past twenty million years whirred quietly back to mechanical life.  My silence was not a personal choice; I felt the need to scream, to shout, to cry and struggle as cold, sharp pains and powerful, freezing throbs erupted across my body. However, with my own muscles still raw and frozen from my cryogenic slumber and a dozen tubes violating my mouth, pumping and suctioning a multitude of rejuvenating chemicals, all I could manage was a despairing, panicked gurgle.

   The process seemed to only continue and the pain did not stop, so I began to thrash and struggle against this wicked tube that held me prisoner. I wanted out. I needed out. The machine inside the tube screamed at me, before injecting a purple liquid, a relaxing agent. What little control of my body slipped away, and for a while, all I could do was listen, as the old circuits of my coffin buzzed in a joyless soliloquy. 

   I must have fallen back to sleep, for I dreamed of the now ancient tragedy that had befallen us. How my daughter was taken by a disease of man and machine that had killed a hundred billion humans.  How my son was slaughtered in a complete revolt of those countless species that we had brought up from mud and dust. How my wife was lost as these once-servile species unified and eradicated us from every planet. How an unconditional surrender of collective humanity was ignored. How a last ditch attempt to save our race was designed. How we, the last organized bits of humanity froze ourselves as our galaxy weapons fired, purging the world of sentient life. 

   I awoke once again. Immediately, I became aware of the warmth inside the tube. The red light was still flashing, but now it read "Diagnostic Test." I paused, reading the words slowly, looking at a diagram of my body, broken down with streams of medical information that poured past me at record speed. The information was being provided by Gravesion-proof Nanites that were diagnosing and repairing every ice-damaged cell from the freeze. The pain now had subsided, the tubes removed, and for the first time in nearly twenty million years, I, and by extension humanity, took our first unassisted breath. The sealed air, despite its concurrent age seemed fresher than I had remembered. Then again, twenty million years has a way of degrading memories.
 
   "Azara," I shouted only to be met with silence. Still the sound of hearing a voice, even if it was my own, was remarkable. My ears had twitched at the vibrations that formed the words, excited at the understanding and recognition of the familiar.
 
   "Azra," I shouted again, yet all I received was the same holding quiet.

  
 "Azera," I said trying once again, despairing at my failure.

  
 "Dammit," I cursed at myself, trying to remember the damn name of the Facility Controller. 

  
 "Amzera!" I now shouted with anger, greeted only by the mocking sound of hissing air.

  
 "Azamera!" I said, finally remembering the name of the AI. 
       
  
 'BING BING' 

   The red light flashed green as the Facility Controller remotely accessed my pod. A friendly face of a young woman in her mid-twenties appeared on the screen where the diagram of my body had been. I paused studying the computer-generated face of the AI. It's features had shown no sign of aging despite the twenty million years, the blessing of technology after all. 

   "Hello Jeremiah! It's been a while. The diagnostic test indicate that you are very healthy, however you should not be alarmed if you experience some stiffness or numbness in your appendages. Besides that, how are you? I have been very well, I cannot wait to tell you about all sorts of neat things I have done for humanities success," Azamera said cheerfully. 

   My head throbbed and my stomach began to hurt. After the freeze and the ensuing nightmares I did not want 'cheerful.' 

   "Azamera, run Human Suitability Index Test on the Planet," I commanded.

   "Jeremiah, the planet is at .98 suitability. Global temperature is great! Plant life is fantastic! Air quality is amazing! Threat diagnostic is non-existent. Hmmm hmmm!" Azamera said, responding with a happy hum.
