I hadn't seen them in action, but I had heard stories from the other shopkeepers. One of them, probably the bard, charmed the potion maker into an unequal trade, taking all of their stock and leaving them with the worthless excess they had gathered while they were out adventuring. Damn near ruined them. The Shopkeeper's Guild stepped in to help them rebuild their inventory, but it was awful to see them in the tavern that night, crying and wondering how they were going to keep up with the wages for their apprentices and gatherers.

We thought that would be it, but then they came back after a week. They apparently "liked our town" so much so that they decided to ruin the Weaponsmith next. Took all of his stock in the same unequal trade, leaving them flush with gold and brand new weapons. The Shopkeeper's Guild stepped in again, helping him back on his feet. This wouldn't be nearly so bad, but the adventurers never spent their gold. They just hoarded it, like the dragon Greg that lived under a nearby hill. 

Then word came back that they killed Greg and took all his hoard. For a while we were elated. Maybe this meant that we would finally see some restitution for the businesses they destroyed. We were wrong. They cleaned out the Tailor, both Bakers, the Butcher, two of the General Stores and the tavern owner. All ruined. The Shopkeeper's Guild couldn't help us, their coffers had run dry. 

With their trail of destruction complete, they were gone again. As the days passed, the orcs came in to town. Tired, starving, their ancestral lands taken from them by this roving band of thieves, their numbers decimated. The slimes they used in their rituals were now gone, their once lush hunting grounds now depleted; they had nothing left to return to, so we took them in at the Mayor's behest.

Months passed before they were back again, this time gunning for me. I was struggling to stay afloat as it was with our town economy in shambles and no assistance from the crown. But I had a plan and a secret weapon. They came in with their flashy new weapons and armor, and I managed to keep my rage quelled long enough to get what I wanted. Sure, I took all of the rusted swords,  blunt daggers, and simple shields at a hugely inflated cost, but more importantly: I got information from them. 

Their bard, good with his words, but not good at keeping his mouth shut, spilled every last detail of where they had been, and where they were going next. I smiled as he told me, making sure to keep up my mask of enthusiasm. Once they rolled out of town again, my stock and coffer depleted, I handed everything I had over to the orcs.

"We will bring you their heads!" Their leader roared, much to the delight of his remaining tribe as they made do in the abandoned warehouse. 

"No," I countered, "I don't want their heads. I want to see them ruined. Ruined and broken, like they have ruined all of us." The chief smiled.

"You supply us," he stuck out his giant hand, "we supply you."

Its been six months since I struck my bargain. Our town has recovered a bit since then and the adventurers keep coming back, but they keep looking more and more desperate each time. They only come to me now for supplies, things the orcs have stolen from them in the middle of the night or brazenly in the middle of battle that I am more than happy to sell back to them at a premium. They've stopped trying to charm me; an inconspicuous necklace the orcs gave me prevents any charm spells from working, and none of the other shopkeepers will trade with them. 

I'm please with how things are turning around, but there's still more work to be done. I'm having tea with a general that the orcs have allied with later today now that the miscreants have left again. I will have my vengeance against these so-called adventurers for ruining my town.  