The world as we know is over. Mankind's worst nightmare has come to pass. People live in fear, every action monitored, every thought censored, secret police threatening to vanish you in the dead of night. Everything must be authorized, everything must be controlled: your work, your life, your birth, your death. It was not always like this. Most of the world lived in a free state; but then He came. The Supreme Leader. Even thinking it brings a sour taste in one's mouth followed quickly by rage, fear, and finally repentance, those last two have been trained and ingrained in us all. No one knows who He is, or even if He truly exists. His slow rise to power at first went almost unnoticed, He was secretive about all actions.

Of course, we tried to resist at first. But all resistance, all hope, has been burned out of those who remain. Everyone is frightened to speak up even in small talk, everything that remains is efficient and required. Now we go day by day living, in hopes of another, hoping no one will take any special interest in you. Imagine my terror, my absolute anguish and concern, when a sudden hand clasped around my mouth in the middle of the night, bagging and whisking me away to some unknown fate. 'What have I done wrong?' was the first thought that ran through my head, a thought that was deemed required of me, so much so that it was obvious I would think it, otherwise I would not be alive to have it. This doubt of oneself was implanted early on, to further Their control. Of course They need not a reason, They were within Their full rights to seize and 'remove' me and everything 'I' own at any time.

After the first day without light or bodily control, all thought had been removed, all life gone from my eyes. I had assumed that whatever was planned for me, nothing of my former self would remain. Swift death would be my only reprieve. I was escorted at gun point, at least that's what I thought was pressing against my back ushering me forth, down numerous stairwells in the depths of a massive, enigmatic, twisting complex. It's size could only mean I was in The Controller. A large hidden building, mythic in its' influence, said to hold the Supreme Leader Himself.

The bag was removed from my head upon entering one final room. A large windowless square structure, void of furniture save a lone wide desk. Wooden in its' make, donning no trinkets nor memorabilia, only a few official looking documents. And a Man, behind it, faced away. Although average in height, His looming presence stifled this wide metal space. I somehow knew even before the guards behind me uttered their eternal allegiance to Him: The Supreme Leader. He exists.

The Man waved His hand dismissively and the guards stood straight fading into the background, faces blank. Why was I brought before Him? Allowed to see Him? What could He possibly want from me? Why not just kill me? The few moments of silence was elongated due to surreality of the situation. It was deafening. He began: "It's not everyday my information bureau deems it necessary I meet with someone. In fact this may have been the first in some number of years." Still His back was turned, adding to His enigma. His statuesque body stilted in its' perfect form. One arm remained behind Him as He waved the other about loosely. "So I'm sure you want to know as much as I: what is the purpose of this meeting?" He finally turned and about halfway through the motion stopped dead. Realization spread over both our faces.

"Charlie?" I could barely utter.

All composure he once wielded wilted, for fear replaced his confusion. His hands sprung closely to his chest in lax agitation. He quickly turned his head to one side and whispered, "Oh, shit." Turned fully around now he uttered, "Uh..." before regaining himself and feigning his previous attitude. He directed his guards using a deeper and more commanding tone, "Leave us." The guards were nervous at first, this was a command they didn't anticipate, but their supreme loyalty took hold and they rapidly made their exit. A soft smile broke over his face and his eyes were kind, though his agitation was obvious. My dumbstruck state was slowly coming around as I remembered the world as it once was, how much I took freedom for granted, and how it was all ripped away by the Supreme Leader. For the first time in years I felt an emotion, rage.

"What the FUCK!?"

He slunk under my anger and immediately went on the defensive, "Now hold on a second, calm down, trust me, I can explain." He put quite a bit of emphasis on his last word but I would have none of it.

"YOU are the Supreme Leader, are you kidding me? Charles we've known each other for years. Do you the pain you've cause, the untold scale of death? Do you know how we've been living out there!? The suffering and anguish and lost hope and, and..." My words drifted from me. The only thing containing my fury was the more pressing desire of inquiry. "How can you be Him?"

"Well... I am technically Him, but I am also not him." He had an almost joking grimace as he tried to find a way to explain. But I wouldn't hear it. My patience lost - how could he not take responsibility for the atrocities He's committed. "Now listen." He continued to try to diffuse the situation regardless of the fact that I was still bound in chains and posed no threat. "I know what you're going to say, but hand to the Supreme Lead- God. Hand to God," he tried again, "I had nothing to do with all that evil supervillainy, secret underground organization thing. All the evil that the propaganda has spread about me is a lie."

"Uh-huh." Was my response, clearly not buying it, "Why would They spread evil propaganda about their own Leader?"

"Because I'm a figure-head, man! My goal is to look big and scary so that the masses don't try anything, don't even think for themselves, ya know?" He regressed to our old cozy relationship we once had, but everything has changed since then. Although... it was partially amusing to see the stark contrast between the larger unknowable evil the once was the Supreme Leader and the young childish attitude of Charlie. Once a face goes with the name, I suppose, fear dissipates. "I was instructed to act all big and mighty ordering the minions around and keeping a 'proper attitude' befitting of a 'Supreme Evil Overlord'." He continued while making air-quotes, "I don't have any real control I just sign some documents and command some troops: everything is planned out for me just the same as you.

I mean look around you, if I had complete control of the world do you really think I wouldn't live in some nicer conditions?" That was true, there was nothing but the bare minimum. Nobody would actually spend their time here unless they wanted to make an impression. A cartoonishly enigmatic evil one.

"But They mentioned how the Authority was formed and sanctioned by the Supreme Leader, that you planned world domination from the beginning. Even if you didn't do anything yourself, who was it that started it all, who's really in control?"

"All I know is that when the Authority first formed I accidentally stumbled into it. Didn't even know what it was or what was going on. After a few mistakes that for some reason netted a following, and resulted in some unfortunate deaths, it sort of just kept snowballing. Every time I tried to get out of it, I mistakenly did something that got me more fear, respect, and closer to world domination. I'm in way over my head, dude. If I leave saying it was all a huge misunderstanding, what little of the world remains would be thrown into chaos. I figured I might as well stay in power helping where I can, rather than let some crazy maniac destroy all that's left. Lesser of two evils, you know. I assume we are meeting like this because the Information Bureau discovered our childhood connection when they went to kill and/or torture you." He said, brushing that ending off nonchalantly. "I wanted to tell you sooner but I really didn't want to admit to myself how deep I've gotten.

In the end the Authority is self-sustaining; They literally never need my input. Everyone is scared that everyone else will report them if they don't do their job. So everyone does the job required of them, no matter how heinous, I literally don't even need oversight. I'm actually scared to say that I may have had a hand in creating something that I no longer have any control over. And can't stop. I figure once I'm dead they'll just say I'm immortal and find someone to replace me."

All that actually started making a little sense, for Charlie at least. I could feel my emotions falling back to their usual passive, non-existence. All that remained was the feeling of idiocy that imprinted itself due to the whole situation. If I could, I would sink my head into my hands. "So. You did something incredibly stupid, as per usual, that resulting in something absolutely horrific, not so usual, and, once again, need my help in bailing you out?"

"Yeah, pretty much. I would have gotten you myself but I thought you might have died, or worse." He said sheepishly.

"Worse?" I replied with incredulity.

"That you might be mad."