People had pondered the rivalry between Archnae and Wasp for years. 

While Wasp's energy bolts were nothing to turn your nose at, Archanae should have been able to wipe the floor with her, just like she'd done to every other hero in Wasp's class who'd challenged Archanae to try to make a name for themselves.

Most of the public bought the story that something about Wasp's energy bolts caused Archanae to temporarily loose control over her powers. Most Superhumans had some sort of fatal weakness, and while it was extremely uncommon, it wasn't unheard of for a hero (or villain) to have powers perfectly designed to take advantage of that. 

Still there were a few newscasters out there who liked to spread the persistent rumor that Wasp and Archanae were actually working together, and that their rivalry was just a front to distract the hero association from something she had going on behind the scenes. 

As much as Archanae worked to dissuade everyone from that notion, there was some truth in that theory.  When Archanae first started her rivalry with Wasp, it was as a cover for a much larger scheme.

Granted Wasp had no idea this was the case. 
The whole point of maintaining this charade was to ensure that the hero association would send someone who would be easily defeated when she finally put her plan into action. 

Having a hero who was under her control, either via her infamous pheromones or bribery, had too much potential to backfire; Afterall the hero association regularly scanned their employees for signs of her influence, and there was too much risk that a mercenary hero would grow a heart (or a brain) before she was ready to put all of the peices into motion.  

Using an already established hero was also out of the question.  Most of the heroes whose powers could *theoretically* provide a believable foil for her own had already fought against her before and lost. 

While there were many potential foils in the graduating class, Wasp was the only one out of the whole lot who didn't turn tail and run after it was clear she was probably going to get her ass handed to her. 

There was also the added bonus of Wasp being one of the few *female* graduates that year.  

Aside from Archanae's deep seated hatred of flirtatious banter, female heroes tended to have a natural resistance to her pheromones, which meant that the hero association was less likely to believe that her defeat was some sort of plot to get inside of their compound.

Like most of her plans, Archanae had given a lot of thought as to how it could possibly backfire on her. This intense planning was part of the reason she was considered to be such a huge threat, even if she was one of the few heavy hitters who rarely came out of hiding. 

Even so, there had been one variable that she hadn't considered, and that was the possibility that she might start to *care* for her new foe.

Granted, this hadn't been the first time something like this had happened. There had been other heroes who had garnered her favor; 

Before Wasp there had been Adonis, The Millioniare who liked playing at being a Superhuman by using an exoskeleton and a cocktail of specially designed chemicals; and Virgil, who had been the league's token misunderstood anti-hero, as well as their supernatural expert.

There had been other, minor flings but none of them had quite the sting that Adonis and Virgil did when they inevitably showed their true colors.
 

As such Archanae was extremely careful in ensuring that she would never have to endure another betrayal of that caliber again.

She also took a certain pride in knowning she would  never have  gone so low as to purposefully commit crimes for them to foil like other villians.

Archanae also never missed an opportunity to mock those who did so, and wasn't shy about her opinion that they should probably be kicked out of the league to make room for "serious villains".


And yet here she was...

Putting together harebrained schemes overnight just so she could see Wasp's face. 
In some ways it almost **worse** than what those other villains had done.  

At least *those* villains had the balls to admit to their feelings and embrace the romantic tension, even if it wasn't entirely returned by the other party. 

Archanae on the other hand, was terrified to give even the slightest hint that she had feelings for Wasp that were outside of what was normal for the typical hero and villain rivalry.

Wasp was the only hero who seemed to believe that she could be something more than a villain or a sex object. 

Fuck, from the amount of time Wasp spent visiting her in jail before she inevitably escaped, Archanae felt that she might even think she could be a hero. 

It felt good to have someone who believed in her like that, and she didn't want to scare Wasp off if it turned out that she didn't feel the same way. 


Granted that was before the Annihilator reared his ugly head. 

The Annihilator was one of the few villains operating outside of League control that was powerful and smart enough that he wasn't eliminated five minutes after his big debut.

Annihilator was actually one of the Committee's top heroes before he got kicked out.

Unfortunately Annihilator somehow got it into his head that he wasn't kicked out for being too unstable, rather, it was because the League and the Committee were both a part of some secret cabal that was now trying to eliminate him for being too powerful.

Granted, the League and the Committee *had* actually been trying to track him down and eliminate him (albeit with varying levels of lethality) but that was more due to the fact that it just so happens that no one really wants one of the world's most powerful Superhumans running around unchecked, especially when he also happens to be a paranoid schizophrenic with violent tendencies.

They probably would have gone with a more subtle approach if they'd known that the Annihilator's Telepathy could have developed into full blown mind control, or that he would decide that the best way to deal with the invisible cabal was to forcibly bring everyone to his way of thinking, and then eliminate anyone he thought was to blame.


But they still considered him a big enough threat that every hero worth their salt was told to drop what they were doing and gather to fight him. 

Of course this included Wasp, who was in the middle of prepping her for transport. 

This made it much, much easier for a Archanae to escape said transport, as without Wasp there, she didn't have to keep up the charade of having her powers being nullified, and meant that she wasn't in the prison when it was set on fire.

Unfortunately this also meant that Wasp was one of the many heroes being held under Annihilator's sway.

After being mobbed by several similarly controlled civilians, Archanae started to realize something had gone horribly wrong in the capture attempt, as well as the fact that she was apparently immune. 

Luckily for everyone involved, while Archanae had largely given up on actually implementing her beloved doomsday plan, she had actually taken Annihilator's powers into consideration when designing her wonderful machine. 

Even thought Archanae was terrified for both herself, AND Wasp, she still couldn't help but giggle when she imagined what everyone would think when they realized that the Calvary had come in the form of giant spiders 
*edit: done, will post part two if I feel like it*