It started at a very young age. Though, it took years before Paul would come to understand his gift. By his early teens, he was able to control every element of his dreams. Several years of lucid dreaming went on, until the day Paul discovered the gate. Paul at first was afraid to approach the gate, but soon he found his way into the next realm, the Astral Realm.  

In this realm, Paul discovered he had the ability to manipulate others' dreams. He only had to think of a particular person, and they would manifest in front of him, given that they were in an unconscious state. Then Paul could merge their subconscious with his own, thus letting him taking any creative liberties he wanted in that particular person's dream.  

There was just one little detail that Paul hadn't considered when entering others' dreams---He had been an expert dreamer for so long, it was very easy for him to discern the dream world from reality, but that wasn't always an easy task for the average dreamer. Especially when you consider how strong of a dreamer Paul was, but we'll get to that.  Paul started this next adventure of dreaming pretty innocently. 

He would never dig too deep into someone's subconscious and always woke the sleeper if he sensed that they were under too much duress. But as the years went on, Paul would become much more malicious in his delving of others'  He would search for the one thing the person hated the most and display it to the dreamer, usually in the most sadistic of ways.

Paul had been so seperated from reality for so many years that he never once considered the negative repercussions of his actions. Lots of these victims would go on to have severe mental traumas, as well as some suffering from sleep apnea and broken bones. 

 This was when Paul came under our radar. Of course, we were shocked that we hadn't discovered him sooner. It is our job to keep an eye on all those that enter the Astral Realm, but Paul's level of dreaming was so high that he was cloaked from us for many years. We kept a steady eye on him, ready to intervene when necessary. But that was our first mistake....