"What the hell are you doing to my car?" screamed Joseph.

I stopped for a moment to collect myself, and before uttering a word I scanned his unbuttoned zip pants, the  sweat pouring out of his face. The bastard must be at it again.   

So I lifted the rake out of a gaping hole on the windshield, and said "Unnatural little things they are, flapping their wings free as if God made the earth just for them."

Joseph's eyes squinted as expected. He caught his breath, and wiped the sweat off his face. "God never gave us a damn manual on how to live."

I stepped closer to him, letting him see the steel crucifix dangling over my neck. "Somethings are just unnatural. They aren't right."

"And you determine that?"

"I do what I must!"

"Fine!" Jospeh takes out his phone, dials and glues it to his ear. 

"These flying creatures must be stopped! How can you not see that?"

Jospeh paced on the sidewalk as he listened to the ring.

"You don't understand."

It took five minutes to see the police headlights beaming like the creature's eyes. I was tempted to charge it head-on with the rake as my mighty weapon. But it took even less time to slap the cuffs on me. 

One of the officers, an overweight man with an acne outbreak listened to Joseph's rantings as he jotted down notes in his little book. 

The other officer, a frail man with a lisp surged towards me as the gun pranced around his waist. The damage I could do with a weapon like that. 

"So you're a priessess claiming to do God'sss work."

I could smell the tobbacco in his breath. I closed in for sniff which, judging by the frown on his face he didn't appreciate at all. 

"Let me guess menthol. Ah good stuff. But I'm over it now." 

"Anssser my question!"

"Aye, I do just that. I kill the unholy creatures."

"Assempted murder. That'll ssstick. And it's not your job to ssop ssomeone from ssrewing his neighbor's wife."

"Aye murder! If you wanna call it that."

"I think we're done here."

Before the officer waved to his partner, I smelled a change in the air, a stench unlike any other. I know that stench. It must be the vile creature. It must be nearby. I peered around, desperately tracking its movement. It takes a skilled eye to find it. And only a few have the knack for it. There. Right there, I saw it perched on the the officer's forehead with a grin.  I charged the officer, unholstered the gun, and aimed it at him. 

"What are you doing?" bickered the officer as he raised both hands in the air.

Instantly, his overweight partner had his gun aimed at me. His breath, wheezed and deepened, and his eyes soaked with sweat. He's perfect food for the creatures.

"Sir, put down your weapon. Now!"

"I have to kill it. It's on him."

"Put down your weapon!"

"Look at it. The thought of their existence shoots my morning brunch back in my throat. Eeeh! What savage beast!"

"What are you talking about?" Bellowed Joseph, who hid behind a pile of trash. So that's what brought them here, filth like that.


 A sneer leaked on my face, "Houseflies!" And with that I squeezed the trigger, blowing it to bits on the officer's face.
