The hallucinations had started about 3 months in. I suppose dehydration, starving, lack of sleep, and the pain of whatever newest injury, were what caused it. 

I had long ago gone hoarse screaming for help. My fingertips were raw and bloody from clawing at the basement wall. I was exhausted, nearly broken, and their next form of torture was...aweful. 

The customary hand on my shoulder made me smile weakly. "Please...don't...leave...me..." I croaked. 

The voice came from inside my own head. "Fuck Destiny. I'm getting you out of here." 

I blinked, rolled into a sitting position, groaning at another broken rib. "Why? What...the fuck...is the point?" I croaked again. 

An odd sensation swept through me, like I was falling backwards, warm and fuzzy. I felt myself floating, and then in a white room, looking through a giant window at the cold damp basement. Azrael stood beside me...willowy woman with long dark hair, piercing blue eyes, and a white robe. 

"Because I'm taking control. I found you as a baby...you don't remember us. Yes, Us. Five of them, you'll meet later. We protected you from your mother, from your stepfather, from the foster system. We've worked behind the scenes, keeping you safe and alive, hiding your memories." 

I shook my head. "No. No this is...that never happened...I made it up..." A memory of a blond woman, her face twisted in hatred, holding my wrists as I screamed. "No..." 

Azriel sighed. "We'll have time for therapy and existential crisis later. This isn't about you anymore." 

I blinked. "What?" 

"There is new life to preserve. Has been for about a month or two now." 

The realization dawned on me...I hadn't been bleeding...I was vomiting...I had thought it was from the torture...
"Oh god...no!" I whimpered. "Get it out of me! I don't...it's from THEM..." 
She pulled me into her arms. "Shh. Stay in here. The others will help you. I will get us out of here, and take care of the child." 

She stepped away and vanished, and I felt the body stand up, straighten its hair. Watching Azriel move was...fascinating..but I was so tired. I slowly wandered to a corner of the room, curling up and fading from existence. 

I woke up six months later in a hospital bed. Azriel had pushed me to the front again, and I could feel everything. The baby was healthy, and apparently, a little girl. It was weird...I could feel her fluttering movement, see the bulge of her presence. At first I was repulsed....
I learned after leaving the hospital a few days later that I had experienced a Dissociative episode, and that Azriel and the others were parts of my mind split off to protect me. It took some work but we have learned to work together.