And there it was, my new bookshelf, a few days too early. You see, my husband was away on business, and as much as I don't want to subscribe to gender stereotypes, he was the one who usually handles these sort of things. 

The doorbell rang. It was my nosy neighbour Francine. 

"Was that a delivery truck I spotted earlier? What did you get? Is Garrett back?" She tries to peer around me. 

"Yup, it was. A bookshelf. And no, he isn't." 

"That's a shame. Otherwise he could help you with it. He's so good with his hands." 

Don't punch an old lady, don't do it. 

"Yes well, thanks for that. Got to go, lots to do." I close the door in her face. 

Good with his hands huh? Who the hell talks that way about someone else's husband? God I needed a drink. 

I pour myself a glass of Chianti and settled in for another episode of the bachelorette. Yes, I watch keeping up with the kardashians too. Bite me. The Chianti floods my body, sweeping through my insides, leaving traces of warmth everywhere. I giggle my way through the show, wistfully remembering the days where Garrett would plan spontaneous dates and shower me with love and affection. Now he showers me with his sleep apnea induced snoring. 

After the show was done, I realised I was a fair bit tipsy. Being tipsy sometimes means making bad decisions, like deciding to build ikea furniture. I grabbed the instruction sheet and giggled at the product name. What the hell was this? Brusali? Sounds like some kind of pasta. I say it again a few times, laughing. God I should have gone for the Billy. Then i could have said, 'i need to get home to Billy' and people would think I was having a torrid affair. 

"Why are you laughing like that?" 

I look up to see this most gorgeous shirtless man, with salt and pepper hair, and abs for days. I stare shamelessly before realising that this was a strange man, in my house. 

"Did you break in?" 

"You conjured me. I am here to tempt you to sin."

"Come again?" 

He looked at me, a bored lazy look on his face. "I am a demon. Does that paint a clearer picture?" 

"Right. I think I had too much wine." 

"Are you ready to fall?" 

"More like barf." 

"I mean fall into sin." 

"What was in that wine?" I stumble away from him, running into the kitchen for some water. 

He follows me, leaning lazily against the counter, watching as I gulped down some water and splashed my face with the rest of it. 

"You don't look like a demon." 

"How would you know? Have u seen one before?" 
Good point. 

"Can you please leave?" 

"Does the word demon mean anything to you?" 

As I stared at him, and he stared back, I knew one thing for certain: I was never shopping at Ikea again. 