There's elevator music, and then there's this fucking cacophony. Whatever the fuck was playing over the speakers, it needed to stop asap. It sounded like someone was deepthroating a harmonica while getting assfucked by a trombone. Yeah, not a pretty picture. I glanced around the cabin and saw the same disdainful looks on my companions' faces. 
	"Literally, what the fuck man?" a young girl uttered. 
    She couldn't have been more than 8 or 9 years old. Cradling a DS in her hand and rocking some sweet Bose headphones, she looked aptly upset with her current situation. She noticed my bewilderment and said "Oh please, not like you've never heard a kid wear before."

Fuck, she was right. I blinked in approval and went about my business. As the elevator rose and rose, gently beeping as it ascended to the top, I realized that I had no fucking idea where this was going. 

I tapped the little girl on the shoulder and asked, "which floor is this going to?" 
	"Are you fucking kidding me? It's going to the top you retard."       
 "Well yes you little shit, I can see that on the panel. I'm asking you what's actually on the top floor?
She leered at me with beady black eyes. I could tell that she was gradually coming closer and closer to the same confusion I had. "I... don't know." 

I blinked at her as if to say "who's the retard now?" She shrugged and pulled her headphones close to her ears and blasted Meghan Trainor. God, what I would give to have those noise cancellers. 
	I turned around and surveyed the rest of my cabin. People of all demographics were crammed into this tiny 5x5 box. As I was busy marveling at what in the exact fuck I got myself into, the elevator rapidly picked up speed. The turbulence was getting noticeably larger and larger by the second. Someone must have been prairie-dogging during our ride, because it smelt like decaying human flesh mixed with year old lentils. While all this was happening by the way, the fucking music was also getting louder and louder. If there was a goddamn button on the elevator to make it stop, I would've hit that faster than Ray J hit Kim Kardashian's fine pre-pregnancy ass. 

Then, as if we were all crash dummies in a car hitting a brick wall, the elevator stopped abruptly. We all lurched upwards and fell back into our boots. The doors opened to reveal a tsunami of mist. I couldn't see shit, but I was quite happy with the fact that our friend's shit stained B.O. that was stinking up the cabin was replaced by the sweet smell of perfume. Huh, I've definitely smelt this before, but couldn't exactly figure out what it was. The mist began to fade and we all began to see what was outside. A bright light enveloped the cabin, but this wasn't just any plain old "white interrogation room" light. This felt like warm radiant sun. It was intoxicating, and I felt like leaning into the light to be warmed by its rays even more. I closed my eyes and drifted forward. When I exited the cabin, I took a look around. "The fuck? This looks like heaven," I said out loud. A bearded older gentleman who was sitting next to a desk said, "You're fucking right my man!" I looked at him and said "excuse me?" 
	"Yeah dude!" He chortled as he took my name. "You must be Ben Forstmann?" 
	
"Yes, that's me. How did you..?"
	
"Age 29, cause of death: Alcohol overdose. Man... must've been a helluva way to go buddy!"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing... I was.. dead? But how? 
	
"What are you saying?"

"I'm saying you're dead, and you just spent an eternity in hell. That elevator you saw there? That was a rift caused by some massive fuck up downstairs. We've been getting hordes of you lot coming up and down that street all day. You've our 500th batch today. Here, take a ticket and hop onto that spot over there."

"Um.. ok."
As I strode back to line, I had trouble remembering what exactly put me in this situation. 

"Hey old dude, why can't I remember anything?" I yelled.

"Oh, yeah, when you pass into this elevator, you felt happiness for the first time since you entered the *ahem* nether regions. It caused a chemical reaction so significant your senses were wiped transiently. Maybe that's why you feel like you have the worst hangover in history."
He was right, my head felt like Kimbo Slice hit it with a bag of bricks. I stood patiently for my turn to arrive, and as I handed over my ticket to the old guy, the fucking harmonica started up again.

"Fuck, not this shit again." 
I turned around to see the doors of the elevator open. Expecting an empty cabin, I was surprised to see something glimmering in the sunlight. Something familiar. I walked over to see what it was, and there was that smell again.. Smelt like, perfume, maybe? I focused my eyes on the floor and started to see what it was: my wedding ring. 

"Must've fell out of my pocket" I uttered. I went into the cabin to pick it up, and as I was leaving the doors suddenly slammed shut. "Yo what the fuck!" I hurriedly pressed "OPEN" for what felt like another eternity, but the damn door wouldn't budge. Suddenly, the cabin started moving. "OH NO NO NO". The music kept getting louder as the cabin fell down the path it came. It must've been going 100 miles an hour, because I was definitely floating. I began to cry as I realized exactly what was happening. 

When the elevator finally stopped, a heatwave washed over me as i opened the doors. The music continued to blare, except now it felt like I was hearing it from outside the elevator. I tried to press close and the "TOP" button again, but it seemed broken. I figured that since I didn't have a PhD in mechanical fucking engineering, I might as well haul my ass out of this box and follow the noise. Despite what ever horror movie ever told me, I decided it was better than staying here and hoping for the elevator to work. It seemed like an endless hallway at first. It was a maroon carpet with a nice black wood finish. It smelled like cinnamon buns. For all the shit this guy got, he's at least got style. I walked closer and closer to the source of the noise, and found a tall gaut figure sitting in a big study on a chair that felt like it was 15 feet tall. 

"Welcome back Ben."

"What the actual hell is happening? 
The tall figure chuckled. Good joke, I guess. 

"You tell me. The elevator was a glitch in the system, but before your ride we rigged it to operate on will. Nearly everyone in that cabin wanted to get out except for you. Why is that?"

"What do you mean 'why is that?'! My fucking wedding ring was there in the cabin and I couldn't let it go."

"Ben, did the doors shut as soon as you came into the elevator?"

"Yes.."

"Then you already made your decision. The elevator simply brought you back to where you wanted to be."
I didn't understand what was going on. Why did I want to be back in Hell, out of all places? 

"Why would I put myself back here? I missed my wife and wanted my ring back."
The dark figure took several long moments to ponder my answer. He looked at me, and I didn't see a face but a collection of waltzing shadows hiding what must have been the most horrid memories of my life. I felt palpable fear in my heart whenever I look that "face."

"Ben, do you remember how you died?"

"Some dude up there said it was a alcohol intoxication."

"Yes, but that's not what I asked. Do you remember HOW you died?"
I was about to answer "yes!" but I took a moment to figure it all out. I strained to remember what seemed like a laughter, a loud noise, and blackness. "I...was..."

"Yes, go on..."

"I was with my wife. I think we were in a car, maybe. Yes, yes, we were in a car. We were laughing and driving on the countryside underneath a beautiful sunset. It was my 29th birthday and we were on our way to see her parents for the weekend."
At this point the dark figure stood up from his chair and went over to a corner. As I was narrating my story he brought out what seemed like a tall glass bottle.

"I think we had a few drinks... yes, we must have been drinking. She never let me get close to her unless she had a few shots. Oh god, I shouldn't have been driving. I was already several bottles in."

"Seems to me that you made a judgement call."

"Yeah. We were driving down the road and I looked over at her face. 5 years of marriage to the most beautiful woman in the world. Yet, she began to resent me for whatever reason. I couldn't get her to love me like she used to. Like she used to before I started drinking..."
The figure took out a glass.

"As we were winding around a corner, I didn't see the truck coming. A big red truck, like those firetrucks I used to play with when I was younger. Seemed like time slowed down as I fought against the steering wheel. Unfortunately, it didn't slow down fucking enough..."

I began to cry as I recalled it. My stupid fucking ego couldn't take it that I couldn't drive drunk that day. She insisted on calling a cab, but I told her that I was good to go and that it was my birthday and she should let me do something fun for once. She looked at me with sadness in her eyes and eventually let in. That would be the last time she would ever look at me with pity. 

"I had a problem. Haven't been able to put down the bottle since graduation. My life hasn't been the same since. Everyone else has moved onto big careers and families, and I'm stuck her with a wife and a mortgage I can't pay since I got laid off. I lied to her about those AA meetings. I'm sorry. I have a problem."

The figure took a moment before speaking. 

"Did you come back here to get your ring because you missed your wife or...?"
I was silent. 

"Have a seat over there Ben."
I sat down. The figure strode forward and handed me a glass. 

"It'll be all right. You'll never leave me again will you?"

"No.... No I won't."