   "To the Representatives of what was the Empire of Man, from the Eternal Shopkeeper, the store is closed to you, and I am retracting all of my gifts.  I will make clear my reasons below, there will be no appeal or reconciliation.  This was a hard choice, come at through centuries of consideration, and as such, it is final.

   There had been a sort of peace once, a tenuous balance between your civilization and those at the fringes.  There would be the occasional encounter, sometimes tragic, between a Night-beast, or Longtooth Clan, and some good citizen wandering a little too far from home.  Expansion happened, of course, your Empire adapted all sorts of acquired brilliance.  Roads, and those damned rails that followed, snaked out from the heart of human society.  My shop was set up at the border lands where it was supposed to accessible to everyone and everything.  It was swallowed up by the farms, houses, and the walled city that sprung up, you encroached deeper into the unclaimed wilds, my wilds.

   I moved, or set my shop to, a simple working expanded over what remained of my home.  It was easy enough, flit in and out, be everywhere and anywhere I was needed.  I dominated trade throughout your Empire, maintaining a sort of balance.  At the time I thought this was an act of brilliant compromise, and for a while it was.  Your expansion, even if your borders were not always growing, never stopped.  Pressure grew, I watched the children of the wild starve and wither as humanity thrived, feeding of itself, parasitically off the land and creatures they desperately feared.  It was hard, watching ancient Unterlands collapse, to see the Pillars, the Wall of eastern mountains, ground down beneath industry.  I did what I though was best, charging the humans more for my workings, and my peers less.  Eventually I reached the point where I flourished, and could afford to help more, literally giving the diminished what they required to survive.

   For a while I could bare this, the powers of the Empire relied on my workings, or some reflection of them, and I imagined this gave me a sort of sway.  I collected, shielded, protected all that I could.  Publicly, I became know as a conservationist, maintaining the wilds in the name of innovation, curiosity, and novelty.  Privately, I wailed, barely maintaining the human shape I'd adopted, pouring out my rage and desperation in greater and greater workings.  Power, I believed, would let me hold back Industry and Civilization, maintain some remnant of my ancient home, my oldest brothers.  

   Your Empire, you called it another thing, but it was fundamentally still just an Empire, relied on me.  So many of their great machines bore my stamp, running off workings I had built centuries ago.  I had though comfort and free energy would calm the mad human demand for everything.  They turned my creations to other purposes, my best attempts had only quickened their pace. 

   There was a turning point, I saw them, you began copying my workings, creating shadows of my power to fuel your ambition. You bound copies my work to materials ripped from long destroyed mountains, blasting yourselves selves upward into the void. Even this planet was not enough.  I knew there would be no limit to human greed, but I could limit my involvement. 
There is something, in all of your brilliance, that none of your species ever discovered: I am not one of you.  Do not mean I am not of your Empire, or even that I am not mage.  I do not wield magic, I am magic.  I am as close to a god as this world has ever had, and everything that bares my mark is within my domain, even if it is only a reflection of my work.

   As such, I have recalled my power from all of these such workings, which you may have noticed when every artifact of your civilization ceased to operate.  There will be no restoration, I will make no repairs, and no workings will replace my own.  Your useless mages may curse, but I have taken back my power from them, I hope some of you remember how to farm.

   This will be my final correspondence, all of my stores are closed to you, and no response will be given to further inquires.  You will not reach me, I can not stand to watch what will follow for you, but be assured it ultimately is of your doing and therefore most richly deserved.

Goodbye,
The Shopkeeper"