"I'm dead?" I questioned to myself, "I'm really dead?" 

I was shocked that I finally succeeded in forcing my own death upon me. It all happened so fast. I was finally able to come to my senses and walk into the room where I would meet who I had tormented the most in my life. I expect a friend I had lost or someone who was morning my loss. 

I enter the white room, with only a table and two chairs sitting across from each other. There was a girl sitting in one of the two chairs. She had with long brown hair that covered her face. She was shaking, I guess she's as scared as I am. "Hello?" I say as I put my hand upon the mysterious figure's shoulder. She flinched in fright. She looks up in fear towards me. Hair matted, glasses, scars and bruises where the hoodie and jeans didn't cover, and tears streaming down her face. As I sit it immediately clicks who she is. 

"No. It can't be..." I mutter to myself. 

"It is." The trembling figure said. "I'm you."

But of course it's me. The person I tortured the most. It's the only person it could be. My thoughts were almost always against me. 

"I don't know where to begin." I say with a trembling voice.

"You never did." Myself said, "You were always lost for words. Lost in the sea of what other people said about you. Lost in the thoughts our brain came up with."

"I never could control it," I said, "I didn't know what to do. Almost everyone I trusted let me down."

"Yeah," she whispered, fighting back tears, "the anxiety and depression never helped." 

"No, It never did." I said, "I'm sorry I never could control it. I'm sorry I was so hard on us. I wish I wasn't. I never wanted us to end up like this. Torn apart by the people we love and the thoughts we think of. I know I didn't choose that life, but I did choose to not stand up for what I believed in, to not seek help enough, and take that life. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry for what I did and I'm sorry for what mistakes I made. I'm sorry I hurt us like this with our own thoughts. I'm sorry I didn't say enough all those times that I should've. I'm sorry."

As she up towards me I saw her smile at me, "It's ok. It wasn't all your fault. Even though you took your life away at the tender age of 16, and you had so much to live for, it's ok. You don't have to beat yourself up anymore. You're now with your Heavenly Father. The one who was always there for you, never left you, was always there when you needed him. He chose that life for you for a reason. He chose it so that you could know your closest friends. So you could show people what his love was all about. Even though you may have thought you were just alone with me. You never were. He was always there guiding you to someone that could help. I forgive you for all the scars that are here, all the desperation, hurtful words and scars that can never be healed." 

With that she disappeared. 