I expected so many people. The friends I couldn't save. The ones I ignored, because I was so wrapped up in trying to save someone else I couldn't see their pain. The broken hearts. The child I conceived, in my second year of university. The life I couldn't support, couldn't face, after drunken night with a man I didn't know or love. The woman I had been with for four years, almost to the day, when a man, driving slightly over the speed limit, passed through a red light into my body. The woman who would never have another Christmas without thinking about the way I looked, the spreading poppy bruise on my temple, the blood on the coat she picked out for me. 

I didn't expect myself. I walked into the room, and there it was. A piece of paper, and on it, the name of the person I had hurt the most in the world. As I opened it, I expected one of two names. The child, or my wife. The future the child would never have, or the past that would be forever tainted with my blood. I sat. I breathed. I prayed. Then I opened the paper. 

It was my own name. My own name. The shaking in my hands slowed. My lungs began to work again. It was long minutes before the questions began to seep in. Why? I thought back to university. Before that, I was a child. Surely, that didn't count. Suddenly a vivid image filled my mind. 

I lay in a dorm-room bed. I was bleeding, barely. No more than a period. I had painkillers next to my bed, but I hadn't needed them. I would have been back in my classes, days ago, if it was just physical. The man who had done it was in custody, expelled, and on a list. I wasn't scared. I wasn't... anything. I didn't feel anything. I had to leave, eventually. I went back to classes. I did well. But I still didn't feel anything. I was only doing well because that's what I had to do. And studying, I didn't need to feel anything. So I threw myself into school. I skipped meals, skipped sleep, skipped everything. I lost 18 pounds from my already thin frame, more than a stone. I was cold all the time. But still, I studied. And aced exams, aced classes. People congratulated me. Some even congratulated me on my figure. I graduated. 

And there, the memory ends. The two and a half years of hell, collapsed into a few minutes. And all I have to do is forgive myself. Forgive myself for the pain I caused. For the refusal to dull the pain. For refusing myself food and sleep, just so I didn't have to feel. For refusing to heal. 

