The hot water trickled down my spine as I enjoyed my after-work shower.  It was one of the simple pleasures in life, and a short-lived on at that because of the abysmally small capacity of the power saving hot water heater.  I knew that at any moment the near-orgasmic hot water would turn into freezing spikes of death on my bare skin.  
  
And there it was... the freezing blast, crushing me under an instant wave of depression where euphoria once tread. But wait... something wasn't right... the water was still piping hot.  Where was this blast of cold coming from?  I snapped open my eyes for just an instant before cursing myself for not remembering the shampoo in my hair that was now running down into my eyes in stinging gobs. I felt around for the shower head to adjust it to wash the suds from my eyeballs when I realized the tile of the wall in front of me had somehow been replaced with roughly hewn stone. *"What the fuck?"* i exclaim, confused... It was in that instant I realized something was ***very, very*** wrong.  While I still heard the hissing of the water, I could no longer feel it on my back and the walls to my front and right were definitely not my shower stall... so where the fuck am I?  
 
Slowly the susurration of the shower became a scattering of whispers and a mixture of fear, anger and indignation well up inside of me as the whispering becomes more distinct.  *"See?  I told you we shouldn't have messed with it!"* one of the voices hissed *"But it's just a game"* came the another whisper in reply.  Braving the pain of the shampoo, I force my eyes open and spin around to face the whispers, feeling my bell end smack against my thigh and growling in anger.  My vision is blurry at first, but as it slowly clears I see that I'm in a sort of cave-like dwelling, and a group of silhouetted figures crouched over a small dais with their hands all touching something small and round.  As my vision clears I notice that the figures are very definitely not of any plane of existence I ought to be on.  The same expression adorns each of their faces, a mixture of fear and surprise; clearly they didn't expect to see me any more than I expected to be transported from my hot shower to the depths of hell.  My eyes still sting a bit, but I can see that they're hunched over an aged Ouija board made of some sort of flesh stretched over bone, and the object they move around the board is an onyx pentagram with a bloodshot eyeball in the center.    
  
Standing stark naked in some other plane of existence really makes a man think.  Here I am, somewhere in hell, naked, surrounded by demons... and all I can think of is peanut butter.  Crunchy, of course, because I'm not some kind of sissy.