I reread the letter. 'too dangerous to be taught...'
"I don't even have the power to cast a simple spell, why would it be dangerous to teach me magic?" I think aloud. I hardly sleep that night, my mind pondering if the doctors made a mistake about me being born with a defective Solka, the gland in the body that develops over time and creates the chakra network within the body. Chakra, also known as chi, qi, reiatsu, and many other names, is the energy that allows people to cast spells. My parents always told me, that for some reason, I was born with a defective
Solka, and my body was only able to produce enough chakra to keep my organs functioning, and practicing magic and using up even a little chakra would cause all kinds of issues, such as organ failure. So, I never practiced magic, afraid of what would happen.

The next day, I finally decide to visit the bookstore near the college. i purchase a small book 'Magic 101: Guide for Beginners', the shopkeep gives me a funny look, I'm a college student, almost old enough to transfer to a University, and yet I'm getting a book most grade schoolers have read. 

I head home, hiding the book in my backpack. I make an excuse to get into my room, saying that I have a lot of homework to do. "Well, dinner will be ready in a bit." my mother says. My parents are none the wiser. I take out the little book and look through it. The first few pages explain what magic is, where it comes from, all things I've read about as a kid, trying to understand why I wasn't like the other kids. 
I flip through the pages, finally a spell. 'Light Ball', one of the first spells kids learn, creates a shining ball of light in the user's hand and can be upgraded later on to be destructive, a sentry, and many other effects. Light Ball is a great first spell to learn and build off of. I take a deep breath and follow the instructions on the page. I hold my arm out, palm flat, my other hand sliding down the arm and to my wrist. "*Mystika*" I speak the activation word, channeling my chakra into my hand. A light glows in my palm, glowing brighter, a brilliant white light filling the room. I smile, I'm performing magic, on my first try no less. The light keeps glowing brighter, the orb of light swallowing my hand. I can't make it stop, the light is blinding me now, and still growing larger and brighter. 
I shout for help. My father barges in, shouting as the bright light hits him, "Stop it, stop the spell!"
I frantically tell my father, "I can't, it won't stop!" The orb of blinding light grows rapidly, swallowing the room. All I see is white, even with my eyes shut, the light pierces through everything. The neighbors down the street must think the sun is rising early. I can no longer hear, or feel, nothing. All I have is this white. I'm unsure if I'm dead, or alive, or how long I've been stuck in this land of white. I can't quite remember my life before this white, did I have friends? Parents? Do I have a name? 

 