“So, what’s it gonna be?” the tall red skinned devil asked me while he was pouring steaming hot tea from the tiny, gold-rimmed tea cattle like it was an art form. 

“Er… What do you mean?” I asked not entirely capable of hiding my sweat and fear. We were sitting inside a neat little office. The devil and I. Flower wallpapers sprinkled the white walls with tasteful splashes of color. A white cupboard with delicate porcelain plates and cups stood to on side of us. A little vase with some like summer smelling flowers stood between us. There was lemon cake. 

“Which playpen would you like to go?” The devil with the great black horns and loincloth asked again. 

“Playpens, sir?” 

“Yes. We put the really good dictators into their own little secluded section of hell where they can play tyrant. It really takes a big load of work off our hands, let me tell you that. Someone had the great idea of calling them playpens… I myself am not entirely sure, whether that is an appropriate name for hell but I am not gonna complain. As long as it works…”

“So.. I am to choose a dictatorship?” I asked still very uncertain and frankly, quite put off by the faint smell of cinnamon and burned flesh.

“Correct,” the devil said. He picked up his tiny cup of tea, pinky properly spread while balancing the saucer in his other hand. He blew gingerly on the hot steam. It was grotesque. 

“Every tyrant has their own style. You know, one prefers public execution, the other prefers concentration camps and yet another simply likes to torture his subjects for eternity. Let me tell you, the free time we have down here since we gave them their playpens is just devine!” 

“Er… is there one where we would not get tortured or killed?” I asked hopefully. 

“No, darling. This is hell after all and you got here for a good reason… hit and run while driving drunk… that will surely get you into hell and there is no way back.” The tall, horned devil put his cup down and his face became all business like. “So!” He folded his long fingers in his lap and he looked expectantly at me with his goat eyes. “What’s it gonna be? Torture, execution or labor until you die?” 

I didn’t answer. I found it rather difficult to choose between the options presented to me. 

“Of course, if you are really ambitious, you could simply choose one and work your way up to new dictator. Who knows? If you were to become really good at it, they might even give you your own playpen one day…”

“Splendid…” I said, sipping uncomfortably on my tea. There was a hint of lemon and pain. 