RELEASE OF LIABILITY FORM


I HEREBY ASSUME ALL OF THE RISKS AND BURDENS OF PARTICIPATING IN THIS GAME, including but not limited to: death, dismemberment, severe burns, brain damage, and spinal fracture. Any responsibility placed upon the individuals running the "GAME" is entirely waived, including: the owner of this house, the designer of torture paraphernalia, the sound designer, level designer,  and my new Supreme Overlord Sandra Cunningham. 

Any personal injury that may arise is to be mocked mercilessly and agreed to be derived from my own negligence or carelessness. If I am harmed to such an extent where death is inevitable, I give full consent to be put out of my misery. Furthermore, if the game is completed and a future diagnosis of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder is made, I waive any and all responsibility from the prior mentioned individuals. 

I certify that I have entered this house under any of the following circumstances: I was in the process of illegally breaking and entering the domicile; I had intentions to murder the Supreme Overlord in her sleep; I saw bright lights from outside and am naïve enough to have come too close. Further, I certify that I have made sufficient effort to try and escape from the house only to find it fully secure. Finally, I understand that the only way to leave the house is to participate in the “GAME”.

I acknowledge that there are no pre-existing health-related complications that would prevent me from completing any of the described “LEVELS” (noted in section 1.1.a.3 of the “MANUAL”). I also certify that if it is found that I am lying about these complications I release all liability for how quickly I will die. I also will pre-emptively apologize to the audience for dying in such a humiliating manner. Upon death I will also release all debt inccurred by the hosts for running the event to my extended family. 

I understand that this Release of Liability Form will be used by all participating parties and that it will initiate a mutual understanding of all my expected actions and responsibilities. With specificity I acknowledge that I waive the rights to sue in civil court or press criminal charges against any organizer of the “GAME” and I further waive the rights of my kin to do the same. In the case of any civil or criminal proceedings, I give the organizers of this event the right to terminate my life before testifying.
 
I understand while participating in the “GAME” I will be recorded both for web streaming and later viewing. I understand that my likeliness will be presented in an unappealing manner and that my death will be used for the entertainment of a large group of anonymous viewers. I give full consent to using my entire name, and upon death the release of all identifying information. Including but not limited to: credit card numbers, Social Security numbers, and my passport or any other form of identification. 

I CERTIFY THAT I HAVE FULLY READ THIS DOCUMENT AND UNDERSTAND ALL POSSIBLE OUTCOMES OF THE “GAME”. THIS IS A RELEASE OF LIABILITY AND A CONTRACT AND I SIGN IT OF MY OWN FREE WILL. 



Please provide the following information:


* Participant’s Signature 
* Date 	
* Participant’s Name 


(Please print legibly.) 


----------

^^If ^^you ^^liked ^^this ^^you ^^can ^^read ^^more ^^at ^^/r/squidcritic 