I will never forget the day my life fell apart. One mistake, one sharp turn, and life takes a U turn into a mountain of shit. In High school they used to call me golden boy. I was best looking fellow in school; I kicked everyone‘s ass at sports, and heck, I even got decent grades when I put some effort in. And just look at me now. Golden boy has turned into a crippled gimp. I can‘t even please my wife. 

I met Mary back in the glory days. Our love was like liquid nitrogen, combusting in fiery fits of passion. When we weren‘t hung up on all the bullshit, of course. Did I cheat on her? Sure, if you want to call it that. Golden boy got around, but I always came back to her. It was always about her in the end. 

Now I couldn‘t spark an extramarital affair if my life depended on it. It‘s just a bit unappealing really, being flirtatiously approached by a scarred bastard on crutches, with his face half drooping. And that was before I’d even gotten started on the bourbon. 

During my weeks at the hospital I of course realized that Golden boy was full of shit. A selfish arrogant type manure. I‘m no less full of shit now. It‘s just different kind of shit. The self-loathing, hard drinking pathetic kind of shit.
 
The worst part of it is that she didn‘t even leave me. She emasculated me with her love, really. Being spoon fed vegetable goo in full body cast didn‘t exactly do wonders for Golden boy‘s ego. And so here we are. The liquid nitrogen has turned to motherly love, spiced with a hefty dosage of pity. 

She thought that a trip her family’s cabin would do us good. It didn’t. Golden boy was supposed to have his own cabin by now, with a hot tub and a kick ass Mercedes in the driveway. It was just another slap in the face. Her loving gestures were a series of emasculating bitch slaps. And so I had wallowed, and decided to go for a walk, or rather a limp, through the woods. 

When I came back the cabin door was open. It was weird, seeing as Mary doesn’t like cold, and its early spring.

”Mary?” I droopily tried to articulate. No answer. Maybe she’s taking a shit. Women like to pretend they don’t exist while doing that. 

”Mary!”

I am so pathetic I cannot even yell anymore. I saw my own reflection in the hallway mirror, and like an old habit, the potentially glorious Golden boy was plaguing my mind. 

----------

I am Him, the dweller in darkness. The one who will decide the fate of nations. I have long since surpassed my pathetic brothers in every way. I am a master of my own fate, and as a result, I will become master of the fate of others.  

Knowledge is power, and because of that, I have almost absolute power. The same principle dictates that mankind is powerless. Men of science believe, but do not know. Their science is primitive, monkeys banging stones together to see if they go bang. 

I have lived long enough to know the reason for this. It is cowardice. They create ideological molds and try to fit the raw and real world snugly into them. Things that don’t fit into their boxes scare them, and they will do anything possible to escape fear. Bang it into the mold with a hammer. No matter if the truth is distorted, disfigured; so long as it fits! Monkeys with sticks. 

I, however, have transcended fear. When I killed the first of my brothers I realized that the primitive ethics are but chains to keep the herd snugly fitted together. Lose the chains buddy! The herd exists to keep the wolf in check. Fancy molds do not allow sheep to become wolves. But I became the wolf, because I dared to. If I were to tell anyone of it, I would probably be institutionalized. Banged back into the mold, to fit snugly into the herd. 

After I transcended fear I transcended death. I have lived for aeons now. I have slaughtered wild beasts many times my size. Beasts that have not even been named yet. 

Men fear violence, even though they readily resort to it when the herd deems it fitting. But I have embraced it. Violence is the very essence of life. It is from a field of ashes, that the most glorious flower will grow. Life itself sprang from events so violent that they would consume a million earths, and all the men that have existed many times over. 

I now have almost absolute knowledge. And yet, the herd still calls me. I have deducted that I must forever be tested, to see if I am truly strong enough to be the master of my own fate. 

I say almost absolute knowledge, because men still elude me. They are completely at odds, a paradox. A man whose sole desire is knowledge will still stare in the face of naked truth and call it madness. A man who claims to love all men will behead another in an attempt to prove the veracity of that very thesis. It seems that this quality is even sought after, for the most paradoxical ones are their leaders.

In my quest to resolve this, to achieve greater understanding and perhaps find a kindred spirit among men, I have tried to find an apprentice. I have silently and stealthily observed countless specimens, all of which I ended up killing. I suppose I must first create the field of ashes. 

But I have finally found a promising specimen. Its peers referred to it as golden. Men see that as a good thing, despite gold being a pathetically weak metal. I decided that it was time for the first trial, one that none have passed so far. The specimen was moving about in its crude locomotive contraption when I decided to reveal myself in my full glory. 

”Behold the NAKED TRUTH” I bellowed mightily, as I stood before its contraption. It was a rite of passage. Most men would have ignored what they saw, or pathetically tried to fit it into a nice familiar dogma. A worthy apprentice would have started into truth, in all its infinite abyss. The specimen did neither. It simply evaded, the consequence being that it ran its contraption head on into a tree. 

The result was not stellar. The specimen was badly damaged, but I was intrigued. ”Very interesting.” I mused.  I decided that I would keep this specimen intact for the rest of its days, for I had never come this far. 

As the years passed I watched, observed and expected progress. There was none. The subject took to drink and saw its condition as something irreparable. The herd mentality was still strong. 

It took some time to realize the root of the problem. In order to break the mental shackles of the herd mentality, one must break the physical chains of the herd. 
”I must separate it from the herd,” I thought, as I descended from a nearby tree, into its hut, and promptly severed the carotid artery of the only member of the herd that actually had endured with the subject. 

--------

I vomited, I puked my guts out. The cabin smelled like shit, and I had triumphantly entered it to congratulate Mary for her first ever smelly dump. Before I had even uttered a sound I noticed the pool of blood on the kitchen floor. The blood ran all the way from the dining table, where Mary sat, dead pale, and slumped over the blood covered cutting board. She had been cutting onions, and now her artery was severed. She was stone dead and she had shit herself. 

The room was spinning. I babbled something, probably incoherent. I cried and held her for a while. Just as I was about to reach for the phone I heard a squeak. I looked up, and on the dining room table there stood a squirrel. Covered in blood. I tried to shoo it away. It squeaked again, and then I heard it. I moved closer and it squeaked: ”Break the chains, buddy!”

The following headline appeared a week later in the Windy Peaks Tribunal: ”Tourist murders wife in Lakeville camp, admitted to asylum”. The article concluded the affair with the following:”Mr. Conneleigh has consistently plead not guilty, but had only this to say before he was sentenced: ”The squirrel did it. Break the chains, buddy, break the chains!!” 
