    Darren waded through the crowd of corpses littering the street, shouldering aside those that stumbled too close. The stench was horrid. Nothing but bad blood and rot. He wanted nothing more but to dispose of each and every one. But he no longer had the strength. Half a nights rest and several nights without drink. How long since he’d had a full belly. How long since he had relaxed in luxury. Drinking from goblets and lounging in penthouse suites. Darren gave one of the corpses a particularly spiteful shove as he passed. It staggered with a snarl but righted itself, wandering in it’s new direction. 
    ‘Pitiful and stupid creatures’ He thought. The world had been perfect before they had shown up. Such a beautiful world like there had never been before. A world without suffering, a world without pain, a world without hunger, it had been perfect. A man could live however he liked. Dining without end in the slums or war torn countries, or enjoying only the richest and sweetest of drink in the so called ‘High Society’. But instead he trudged through the early dusk, half starved and surrounded with nothing but poison filled corpses too stupid to even notice he was there. And he would join them in mindless hunger soon if he didn’t find those damned survivors. They were only thing stupider than the walking corpses. And they had a habit of wandering off while he slept. He’d had to resort to sleeping half days so he could keep on their trail. It was dangerous, but if he lost their scent completely he would starve for sure.
    Pushing past another city block he tightened his cloak and cowl. The sun was set, but some burning light still spilled over the horizon and between buildings. Darren prefered to sleep later than this, and not risk sunburn. But the survivors had found another truck and had traveled much farther away that he was comfortable with. The sweet smell of adrenaline and sweat that led him each night was weak and nearly covered by the stench of poison blood. But they never moved at night. If he kept moving he would be able to find their camp. He hoped the black haired woman was on watch. She was especially easy to charm, and he didn’t want to waste any extra energy overpowering the will of the stronger ones. They are so alert now. Always looking for monsters in the shadows. At least they hadn’t thought to look for him yet. Small blessings.
    He passed a pharmacy. Pausing to glare at the broken glass windows, he considered trying to find some medicine. Leaving it in their path would undoubtedly help keep them healthy. But he hadn’t the time. He trudged forward, wishing he had the energy to sprint. But no, if he grew any hungrier he might kill one next time he fed. And that wouldn’t do. There were so few left. When he had first found the group of ragged survivors he had lept for joy. Thirty plus healthy blood bags ripe for the picking. But within a week they had been reduced to twenty. So he began his work of shepherding his helpless little sheep, doing his best to keep the wolves away. In the beginning he would gather supplies from surrounding blocks or even towns. Sprinting back and forth to place supplies and defenses in places they were sure to find.  And doing his best to dispose of any corpse that wandered onto them in the night. But the sheep were too stupid. In daylight they would wander into herds of corpses or somehow else endanger themselves. Despite all his work in the past months they had managed to diminish their numbers even further. When he left them yesterday to find a place to wait out the sun there had been nine. And he had been forced to reduce his drinking as they became fewer. Leaving him too weak to gather supplies. 
    Darren was pulled from his musings by his least favorite sound. Gunshots. He snarled and began to run as fast as he dared. No doubt they would die off if he didn’t help.
