"What?" Amara had sluggishly asked while trying to fully take in what was going on. She had only just regained consciousness while lying on her back. She strained to turned over to her elbows and knees. Her eyes hastily blinking trying to regain focus.

"I said…" the figure in front of her chortled, lifting his spindly arms and knocking his head back.
 "Welcome to Hell! As the seventh human…"

The figure droned on again as Amara began composing herself. She picked small dark rocks from her hands, elbows and knees. Swaying back and forth trying to not end up on the ground again. All the while a faint taste of blood could be found on the back of her tongue.

She looked all around herself to see where she was. Spires piercing a starless night sky. Lava pouring from cracks in hills only to disappear into ravines below.

"Okay...okay….one more time. I think i’m fully AAH!" She screamed as she had finally taken a clear look at whom or more importantly what was talking to her. 

A tall being with long spindly arms looms over her. The entire body was utterly devoid of hair. It’s dark leathery skin stretched thin over pulsating muscles. Tendons could be seen writhing underneath whenever even the slightest movement was made.

Amara tries to turn around to run but sees she has nowhere to go. She is at the edge of a cliff overlooking an incredible lake of lava. Quickly she turns around ready to confront this beast in front of her like a cornered dog.

She scowled. She was ready for this.

The being moves but does not advance. "[Cthcthcthcth]" it whimsically clicked it’s jaw. It seems to be laughing. "I am not here to harm you, Amara. I am just a herald." The being puts his fingers to his chest. "I am here to simply herald you. It would be meaningless to try to kill you since you’re already dead." It turns its gaunt body to reveal more landscape behind it.

"I’m dead?" She sounded more condescending than inquisitive. She scoured the face of the being for any sign of deception, for any sign of a lie. Yet she found none. It just maintained its same toothy grin. For just a moment she started to relax her hands in acceptance.

"Yes, very much so. It was rather messy too. Your family will most likely be having a closed-casket funeral if you’re ever recovered." It seemed to be growing restless. "But enough about that nonsense let’s get you where you need to go."

"Wait! What happened?" Amara reached for the being and swallowed in a dry throat.

"Do you really want to know? Will it really make any difference to you?" The being had asked.

Amara looked all around taking in everything once more.

"If I am truly dead, as you say, then it is the only closure I will get. I can’t say goodbye to anyone. It can’t be undone. Please tell me." It seemed more like a demand than a request but the being acquiesced all the same.

The being bowed to her. "Very well. You had just gotten out of the taxi ready to leave your mark at wherever you were going. Unbeknownst to fourteen people plus a seeing-eye dog, one of the construction cranes thirty stories above the street had just encountered a problem. I"ll spare you exact details but it ended up losing its load of steel i-beams and unfortunately dumped them into the streets below. Thirteen plus a dog went to heaven. You came here." It spread out its arms once more gesturing to everything around them.

"What did I do to deserve hell? Why now? Why such a brutal death?" with these questions and more she started berating the being.

"Your death was an accident. We had nothing to do with it. I don’t have any answers for you that won’t spark more questions" he said. "But what I can tell you is that you"re special. You"re one of seven humans to ever go to hell. Now, if you"re ready, I can send you where you need to go. Where you might find some answers. All you need to do is turn around."

She eyed him skeptically for a long moment then turned around to reveal all new surroundings. She looked back but the being and hellish landscape were gone and with it her only familiarity. The mountains and smoke were replaced by high stone walls of an antechamber. She took a step forward not onto gravel but onto cold black stone with veins of gold. Each step taken was greeted with the echo of bare feet on smooth stone. She traced her hands along reliefs as she walked down hallways with gilded statues and intricate carvings depicting the most macabre of acts. 

Eventually she came upon a large open room with a beam of light shining into the center. A loud bell announced her arrival. Amara looked around for another being but was met with only gentle whisper-like voices that told her to step into the middle of the room.
She stepped up and over a wrought iron circle on the floor which seemed to be containing the light. As she did the bell rang once more as the light bloomed to light up the room.

Seven giant figures, each bigger than the last, were sitting atop grand thrones circling her. The figures were like a sheet of covered light forced into a looming shape. The center most was the largest and most defined.

"Amara" It bellowed. Shaking the whole room with the boom of its voice.

After she took a moment to steady herself Amara let out a measured breath. "I am Amara but who are you?" she asked. She stepped to the center of the large iron circle built into the floor. She thought she was going to get an answer until the six smallest ones moved.

One at a time all six of the smaller beings leaned forward until their heads touched the floor. Each fold of light falling from its throne while wrapping around and into the shape of a human. Once formed Amara could see that three of them were most likely male. The two others were most likely female. One was unquestionably androgynous. Each were cloaked in fine gold lined black robes that cradled stars in their shadows.

"Amara May Piras, we have been expecting you. You kept us waiting." The one in the middle stepped forward. His soft golden eyes betrayed the rigidness of his facial features. Long black hair flowed passed over his shoulders and into the folds of the robe. His olive hands were decorated with ornate rings that linked into the sleeve of the robe.

"What is this? Why am I here?" Amara demanded while clenching her fists.

The androgynous one had stepped forward. Purple fingers ending in sharp black nails pulled back the cowl from its head. Porcelain skin shone on all but its hands. Soft red eyes sat atop a long straight nose. Plump lips sat above a hard cleft chin. Gentle cheeks, hairless-eyebrows, and  rounded ears held piercings. Sloping shoulders lead down to muscular arms. A straight chest ended at the top of curvaceous hips. Bare feet stuck out of the bottom of the robe with toenails as long and black as the hands. When it spoke it was a cacophony of different gentle voices.

"This is the epicenter of hell. You are here because you are our seventh. You are the newest embodiment of sin. You are our sister." It never moved from its place yet Amara felt as if she had been embraced. "You are here to accept the offer of divinity."

"What if I refuse?" Amara looked directly at the large being of light still sitting in the throne.
"What if I cast away your offer and turn my back on all of you? What will you do? Will I fail?" She asked defiantly. "Will you break me?"

A third stepped forward to meet Amara"s attention. This one seemed to be a large bodied female. Her obsidian robe one full shade darker than she was. Emerald eyes stuck out like stars in the night sky. Her long hair being kept from her face by a thick metal headband. Her robe covering just the delicates of her imposing physique. Scars and tattoos coil tightly around her muscular limbs. Through a furrowed brow she tells Amara

"You may refuse this offer. If you turn your back on us we shall not stop you nor shall we pursue you. We shall not break you either. In this moment refusal is not necessarily failure nor a sign of weakness." she walks up to the circle Amara is in but does not enter. "You are dead and there is no going back. To gain this power you must take it and accept it of your own volition. It cannot be forced upon you; however if you accept then power is what you shall receive." She weaves her fingers together and rests them in front of her waist. "You will still be you. You shall still retain your identity and self. You will simply become more. More than what you are. More than what you were. More than what you could ever aspire to be. With this power you will not punish and you will not praise. You will simply guide." She stepped back to join the others.

Amara looks around to scour the faces of everyone in front of her. All different ranges of emotion held back by slight smiles. 

She mulls over everything that has been said. She thinks to herself. About her friends and family. About the life she lived. The life that was abruptly cut short. They said they waited for her so they didn’t kill her to bring her here. She knows this ultimately up to her but she can’t go back she’s already dead. Immortality and power is better than death. She doesn’t know what death is actually like but can she risk it? Surely she would do better with the power than others.

With fists clenched at her side Amara looks once more to the people in front of her. Chest puffed up a little and head held high she looks at the grand being of muffled light.

"I accept."

[This is my first attempt at anything like this. Sorry for grammar or general mistakes. Hope you like it though. I'll take all the good and bad CC I can get.]
