"NO! God damnit! Not again. Every. Fucking. Time." I chucked my remote controller at the door that the three flaming douchebags that had summoned me came through. 

"SEE CARL, IT IS AN ANGEL HE'S INVOKING GOD! I TOLD YOU THIS WAS A TERRIBLE IDEA!"

You play one joke, one simple prank on those uptight, prim, holier than thou, douchebag angels and this is what happens. You are on the receiving end of their version of repentance, which in my case, is 'answering the calls of the lost.' Unfortunately, the 'lost' are mostly demons and people in purgatory wondering which way the hammer is going to fall. 

The last time this happened, I was stuck down in this shitty heat bucket for 3 hours, in my underwear, with my date waiting for me in my bed. My super hot date who, might I add, still refuses to talk to me because I left them naked in my room while I 'played a joke.' The only joke I had been playing was on myself thinking that I could get myself out of the situation quickly. 

Here's the thing about teenage demons (it's always fucking teenage demons.) They're as bad if not worse than regular teenagers, but not nearly as bad as teenage angels. So for me to fulfill my end of the 'repentance' I have to literally answer their calls. It means I have to answer a profound question for them. It's bullshit. Have you ever tried to get a profound question out of a teenager? Spoiler alert, they don't exist. 

"CARL IS IT STILL OUT THERE? YOUR MOM IS GOING TO FLIP WHEN SHE FINDS OUT THERE'S AN ANGEL IN HERE!" 

"Jesus Christ, I'm not an angel shut the hell up and get out here." 

More dramatic, agonized screams from the teenage damned. See, exactly like normal teenagers. Just the worst. I was tempted to force the door open, but I didn't want them flipping out even further and lighting my clothes on fire or anything. I was already going to smell like brimstone for a week as it was. 

"Look, I'm not an angel, I'm not here to smite anyone, I don't want to absolve you of your damnation, I don't even really want to talk to you, but here we are. I need to answer a question for you and then I can leave. That's the deal. Don't ask me why, don't ask what I did, don't ask if this is a trick, the answer to all of the above is no, no, fuck off and still no. I just want to go back before Simone Biles does her floor routine. Because I swear to god if I miss my favorite Olympics event because you pre-pubecent shit lickers used your stupid Ouija board to call me down here, I will find an angel, drag him down here, and make him smite you. Smote you. Smate you. Fuck it. Question time. Get out here, make it good and make it quick." 

I started counting down from ten under my breathe and told myself that if they didn't get out here before, I really would break the door down. At 6 and a half it creaked open and I saw one burning iris looking out at me. "Are angels sexless? My brother Azmo told me that they 100% didn't have dicks." 

For fucks...alright, well hey he could be seriously having a crisis. Maybe he has a crush on one of those 1950s choir boys. I don't care. Teenagers all pent up hormones right? So a question about sex has to be profound to them. Who's to judge profoundness of a question. Not I, Aender, the great answer of questions and prankster of angels. "No they're not sexless that's stupid, yes they have dicks, yes it's ok if you're into them. It's 2016, you can be here, queer, and no one really cares anymore." 

"I'm not gay!"

Mission complete. I twisted my hands, making the same movement I always made to move back to my plane, closed my eyes and prayed that Simone hadn't wowed everyone in the world with her flips without me. 

And nothing happened. First mistake was praying, second was betting on it being this easy. **Profound Aenderung, not pubecent. Profound.** A deep, resonating voice intoned in my head. "Yeah well I got something profound that you can suck on the next time I see you, you humorless dick."

*that's all I got, hope you like it! :D