The dust of ages seems to fade as I approach the old blade, dented and rusted by time. But suddenly, it seems to flicker with life as my hand draws close. The stone of the old hall crumbles in an instant as the very fabric of reality warps around me.

Suddenly I am knee-deep in a pond of the clearest of waters, bathed and glistening in moonlight. I see majestic trees reaching to the heavens all around the clearing, illuminated by magical faeries dancing with fireflies. There is nothing but calm and errie quiet for a time - but then from the depths on the pond the sword surges, restored to pristine condition, adorned with the finest jewels and shining with all-consuming light and warmth. The beautiful arm of a magical creature, clad in the most exquisite shimmering samite, offers it to me as her *thoughts* - powerful, clear and righteous - ring within my mind in the silent night. Even the fae around us hold their breath, as if time itself has stopped.

> "On the blessed night of your birth, the Archangels of the Lord True sang for the first time in countless centuries, rejoicing for a child truly pure, Chosen and blessed by destiny had drawn his first breath. The Prophecy they sang spoke of one who would mend mankind and be one day the ruler of the mightiest of all empires beneath star and sky. With this token of divine essence in your hand, you will ascend to your destiny and usher in a new Era for mankind. Chosen One, your will shall be done on Earth, as the Lord's is in Heaven."

I stand there stunned, silent, the sword of light within my grasp promising me an empire ordained by divine providence. It calls to me, it's power so obvious, it's lure so tempting. I can truly understand the magic of this place now - I *know* I stand in lost Avalon. But my thoughts are still my own, my will still my own. And so there is only one thing left to say...

> "Listen, strange women lying in ponds, distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony!"