The door jiggled. It was a sound that any homeowner immediately recognizes, and has an immediate tightening of the bowels when they know that no guests have been invited. I got up from my soft and plush love seat. The by-product of 2 decades of use by my sisters and mother. 

The jiggling continued for 15 more seconds followed by a soft but authoritative knock. I attempted to look through the peep but the sun had set an hour before, flashing its last orange radiance for the day. Leaving me the decision to feign and empty house or satisfy my curiosity. 

"Yeah? Whose out there" I cried, attempting to sound more passive than my shaking hands would allow the stranger outside to know. 

"Me you dumbass, open the damn door it's cold"

The voice was as nostalgic as strawberry candy my grandma use to have on her counter but as strange and alien that I couldn't put it to any face. I cracked the door to get a better sight but the moment I unmatched the chain it was pushed upon me and stubbing my big toe. 

"What the hell are you doing?" I started to close the door but the second I saw the face belonging to the owner my knees turned to a consistency of fresh jello and I collapsed back onto the old man tan colored rug. 

The stranger made his gait into the house with a sack of groceries, a new pack of Marlboro reds in his flannel shirt pocket and a pair of well worn wranglers on top of a pair of obviously handmade boots covered in a red dirt that came from somewhere further south and exotic. 

"Hey slick. Glad to see you got your grandpas height." 

I could only awe. This man before me was a myth of only my oldest memories. Disappearing and leaving 3 daughters, a wife and a son who still shit his pants at night. 

"What the hell, where have you been? I don't even know what the hell is going on here. Am I asleep?"

"No buddy. I've been gone a little bit I think. Little longer than I would have liked to have been I should say too". 

At the end of that he embraced me in the way that only fathers can do and held my head to his chest. The smell of pine and rain and something different but unknown to me. 

"Sit" he said. I couldn't argue. I walked to the room just adjacent to the entry and sat at an old oak table. A table I remember him conning my mom into buying. 

"I'll ask again, what the hell is going on? The police and everyone said you either were abducted for some reason unknown or killed and buried." I shook my head. Every forgotten and stowed emotion rising to the surface of my throat like bubbles in a freshly poured soda. 

"We were told you had mob ties or owed someone money and the price was your head. That's why we were left alone."

He had a slight grin. Only on the corner of his mouth. His rand raised and rubbed the slight stubble of his cheek. The sound of callous fingers sliding on the beginnings of yesterday's shave. 

"All you need to know, is I'm back"

"No. I need to know more. Like how you look so young. You should be 55. Not in your 30's. I need to wake up mom."

"No." He said with no thought. 

"I know how she is. I've been watching as much as I could." 

My heart raised a notch above the delirious and suicidal pace it was already on. 

"How? How could you be watching? Facebook stalking?"

"No. I'll start easy. I went to the store. I had to take a leak so I went to the John. It was locked so I finished the groceries. I went out to my truck but I didn't want to try and make it back or I'd have a wet seat and wetter pants. I went to the side of the building. As I was zipping up my fly i noticed it. 

His voice seemed to drop and tremble. Like a young girl remembering her attacker at first glance. His face furrowed and darkened. 

"It was a door. A dark, expensive looking door. One that only that yay who up the road in the White House would have"

I knew what he was talking about. An older lawyer had a literal mansion on the end of our street. His doors seemed heavy enough that simply letting it close could remove your fingers from their hand should they be caught in its swing. 

His head lowered another drop. "My curiosity got the best of me. I went to it and tried the handle. It didn't move. Not even an almost. It was stuck. And it seemed to just BE there. Standing itself in a resolute way. Declaring its existence. I laid my hand on it and it felt, warm. Heavily oiled to the point of being almost greasy. It was dark. On it were words, I think they had to have been. More like hieroglyphics. 
 
He spoke this out as a man who hasn't said it in decades "HI-RO-GLIFF-FICKS" 

"It seemed so strange to just be there. I heard a humm coming from it. Or around it. Maybe even under. I almost shrugged and let it be. But I heard a sound come from BEHIND IT, except. There wasn't a behind"

At this I widened my eyes and say forward. 

"How? How the hell did it not have a behind?"

He leaned back and shrugged as if to say "beats me buddy"

He continued. Hands crossed and head down. Speaking as if it was a dream long ago. 

I stepped back and forth trying to see how that made sense and I couldn't. I heard what I thought were wind chimes. But worse. It was nice. Like being at grandmas on the lake. But so, LOUD. And horrible. Chimes made of, I don't know. BONES almost. As soon as they started the door seemed to change. It existed. I didn't dare to touch the handle but my traitor hand betrayed me and grabbed the damn thing anyway. This time it turned. As easy as any old door. The second it unlatched it just,  just."

"Just what? It just what?" 

"It swung WIDE open. As wide as it would go if it was on a frame. And it SUCKED ME. It sucked me straight into it. I was behind the store and it was no later than 2:pm. I came to it came out and it was pitch black. I was in the middle of a field. After that..."

His head sagged back down. His face grew dark. 

"Dad..."

"After that I did everything I could to come back. I know it's been almost 20 years here son, but I've been gone 4."


