A bit late to the game, but I want in on this.


As I stare into the slits of darkness in those golden marbles, I marvel upon how this event came to be. Me and my kind where banished forever, and here sits my banisher, a mix of contempt and content radiating from its being. Like rage barely contained, just as in the old days.

I shift my gaze and stare into the sun as I open the conversation. *(a childish display of abilities, for sure. But even those who see all cannot unblinkingly stare into the sun. That is reserved by the kin of Horus and Ra*

"Soldier of Solomon. Unexpected, and to be frank, not a welcome sight after such a long slumber. I thought the Kin of Bast got everything they wished for"


The imortal eyes stared back at me unsympathetic, unblinking. Imortal, at least for a given value of imortal. The creature remained silent. 

"Well, what do the inmutable ones want from us?" As I ask, I instinctivly reach out to feel the world and I sense that something is off. "Just me?" I can feel a few of my brothers still dormant out there, but most of my siblings are.. gone. "You kept your word then." I say it with less resentment than I thought I would. But then again, the children of Horus are creatures of Thought and Words, more so than most creatures that have walked this earth. Still I am pained for the loss of my family. "I guess am next then. Do your worst"

I close my eyes and wait for the sting of Damascus steel or the bright flash of Lunar Light. But nothing comes. As I open my eyes again, the creature has its back turned to me and it is.. licking its paw? Without the glare of undying eyes penetrating my core I am allowed to take a closer look at the being in front of me.  What I see is not what I thought I saw. Its frame is tiny, its fur is smooth and silken, its claws and bones are mere calsium. 


"You? You are not a Sphinx, nor a templar." It was meant a question but came a statement. The scowl and the hiss the creature gave in response contained all the answers I needed tho. "So a decendant of Bast you are, but you are nothing like you where. Why?" My tone unbashfully change to one of glee and spite: "Did the deals you made finnaly come and bite your tails? Hah! We told you! They were a Djinni's deal, and we should know! At least with us you knew what to expect!" The creature looked away from me again, but did not continue its.. grooming. It ears lay flat back on its head. I think I struck a nerve.


"What's the matter, cat got your tounge?" As I proclaim my taunt I know it to be true: the riddle-race can no longer speak. I also feel it, by the sting of five clawmarks on my chin. "So, emasculated, but not powerless." Unwillingly I start to feel sorry for the little fella. As part of their deal, he is no longer imortal. He just has acces to their shared racial memories; the closest any species has gotten to true reincarnation. I wonder if this was not the onset off their decline. Pherhaps he now has realized that his precursors where arrogant pricks. I once again take a moment and allow myself to feel the world.


Tho it does not stem from the same source, I feel my power has lessened too. I share a long silence with my captor and now jailbreaker. "You allowed the words to spread to far. It's now disntegrating. As our wishes used to do. You know we never could truly change or destroy the world. I never imagenes your kind doing it tho. Inmutable ones." More silence. " I cannot do what I know you wish. It's no longer within my capabilities. I could do the next best thing tho, for the few of us that are left. But I need the words. We, as you, never were nothing without words..."


"Meow?"
Such a soft noise from a once terrible warrior. "Close enough, I guess. Very well then.. "