"You're pulling my leg, Janet. There's no way that can be true. I've been a healthy man all my life! What on earth happened?"

"I'm sorry, Mr. ...uh, Maxwell Davidson, but I don't know who this Janet is. I'm your nurse, you can call me Rachel; at least that's what at the folks here at the hospital call me."

"Janet is my wife, I thought she was playing a trick on me; you do look a lot like her, I suppose. Does she know about all this? Most importantly, what on earth happened‽"

"Mr. Davidson, my expertise is not in assessing people's mental states after an accident, but it certainly seems as though you've forgotten, and made up, and awful lot. As far as we know, you've never had a wife. You were in a terrible car accident, and although your body has made a good recovery, you sustained more damage to your head than many others I've seen."

"I'm almost certain my name is Carl Prichard. I certainly don't feel any different. Can't you people just let me out? I'm fine, and I have some important business to complete."

Instinctively checking his pockets for the winning lottery ticket, Carl found nothing. In fact, any form of identification was absent from his body. Seeing his confusion, Rachel spoke up:

"Maxwell, we've changed your clothes a few times over your weeks at the hospital. We have your wallet for when you're ready to go. Other than your jarred memories, you seem fine, so the doctor should be able to discharge within the next day."

As if on a cue, Doctor David Granger entered the room to explain the specifics of the accident with his patient for the next few minutes. While Carl's confidence in his memories was slowly whittled away with each of Granger's statements, Rachel left the room, telling the doctor she was going upstairs prepare the next meal.

In the kitchen, a man was looking over the $20 million lottery ticket in Carl Prichard's name. When he heard her steps coming up the stairs, he asked her about the operation's progress.

"Well, I think we're doing a good job at changing his memories for the time being." Rachel replied. "He looked around in his pockets, and I think he might know something is wrong judging by the fact he doesn't have major bodily injuries. If we do this all quickly, we'll be able to get away with it."

The two walked to their van with Carl's ID and winning lottery ticket as Rachel plugged the lottery's headquarters address into her phone.

"It say's we can be there in two hours. Silly thing had to be put at the state capital... why not make it in the biggest city? As long as David can keep him in our mock-up hospital room until noon, we should be able to claim the cash without any issues."

---

Mired in confusion, Carl was now demanding to see his ID.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Davidson, we have to run some routine tests before we can leave you. For one thing, I have to know that you're mentally well, and this outrage is not helping you in that manner. Please be calm, and I may even be able to clear you by the afternoon. I can understand this is difficult to cope with, but all those memories were just made up in these last few weeks."

Stalling for time, Granger said he had to check up on some other patients and would be back in about fifteen minutes.

He locked the door behind him before returning upstairs to call Rachel.

---

By the end of the phone call, the three were content with their progress, and with each passing minute, Rachel and the man were drawing nearer to the lottery office. Throughout the morning, Granger continued to "check up" on Carl and "run some tests," buying himself the couple hours before the heist of sorts was complete.

When Rachel pulled into the parking lot of the Big Bucks Lottery HQ, the man put on his hat, took Carl's ID and already-signed lottery ticket, and went in to claim the money.

Rachel watched the minutes pass on the van's clock as she waited for her accomplice to return. She turned on the radio to distract her, imagining the words being spoken: "Yes, my name is Carl Prichard." "Yes, I would like the instant money; yeah, I'm not patient enough for the annuity." "Here's the bank account I would like the money in."

A hundred miles away, the real Carl Prichard was ready to blow a gasket. Not ready to succumb to the lies he was being told, the man busted down the room's door, revealing a residential home's hallway. At the sound of mayhem, Granger immediately ran out the door and sped away in his car.

Rachel's phone was now ringing. "Hey, is he still okay," she immediately asked.

"No, he busted down the door, and right about now, he'll be finding out he was in an empty foreclosed home for the last 24 hours. Surely his head has stopped hurting from what we did last night, and he'll probably be calling his wife with the next phone he can get his hands on."

The one they called Rachel hung up; she was now sweating profusely. Why wouldn't he come out? Were the lottery people suspicious of him? The doors opened. An employee walked out, looking for a "white van." He approached Rachel's door and asked if she could come in as a family member and witness.

She was led to a small room, and asked if she could testify that the man before her was Carl Prichard. Forcing excitement, she got out an unconvincing "yes." Convinced enough, the frustrated employee checked off the boxes, and gave the go-ahead to forwarding the money into an off-shores account.

Filled with relief, Carl Prichard's unfaithful wife and boyfriend left the lottery office, each $10 million wealthier as they blocked David's phone number and drove far, far away.