The attendants were gathered around her bed.  All were too polite to call it a deathbed, but that was what I was thinking.  Elef the Wise, the last remaining founder of the Red School of Magic lay in a grand chamber, where she'd laid for a decade.  The room was sparse, and not just to my taste.  A few spartan chairs were next to her bed, occupied by wrinkled old women, lightly dozing.  A bulky one in a red hat was snoring loudly, harrumphing on each outtake.  The other attendants ignored them.  Even the youngest seemed to be at least the age of a grandmother, and even they seemed children in age beside Elef. 

Her face was pale, but her heart had continued to pulse.  Her breath had continued to gently rise.  And according to the medical seers, her mind had continued to function.  Not that I had any reason to believe them.  They were sometimes wrong in their pronouncements of what was happening to the body, and sometimes their pronouncements made no sense.  Why should the ingestion of a specific sort of cheese, that clearly made it to the stomach, affect the ability to breath, clearly in the lungs?  We all had our basic anatomy classes.

My mentor, Siynsi, was one of the lower ranked attendants.  I was her apprentice, although given my short tenure I was still fetching ale, fetching quills, and doing other non-architecture related duties.  That was my specialization, not that I would ever get a chance to use it.  When I had been brought to the room, Siynsi explained to me that the attendants were doing two things: waiting for Elef to wake up, or, in the worst case, waiting for her to die.  In the latter case, it was vitally important that a full accounting of all of the continuous spells were accounted for.

Any third year would know that continuous spells were those that were tied to the original caster, and died with the original caster.  Most of the time when someone were nearing death they would organise the inheritance, so that someone of the younger generation could cast the spell and carry on the family traditions.  In some cases, the spells would be allowed to lapse, especially those families with few heirs.

Elef wasn’t planning on dying, but ten years ago she’d slipped and fell, hitting her head on a stone table, and had been sleeping ever since.  A call had been made to gather all of the spells she had, and the ones that were documented had been continued.  But nobody knew exactly how many spells she’d cast.  She’d also been the oldest person alive, so the expectation was that she’d cast quite a few continuous spells in her time.

Some of the spells had been quite expensive.  The one that kept the continent habitable, for instance, seemed to have originated with her, and the geographic seers had ascertained that the lakes on the main continent would permanently freeze if not for her spell.  That one had taken a full six months from start to finish, including numerous timed incantations, reagents, and wishes.  I wasn’t there for that, but in telling the story Siynsi had this excited glee about her, almost like a child describing her favorite subject in school.

I was there when Elef died, though.

I knew something was wrong, because the medical seers suddenly stopped bustling, their eyes opened wide.  I could hear a rumbling in the distance.  And then suddenly several things happened at once.

Red Hat (I hadn’t ever bothered to learn her name) fell out of her chair, dead.

One of the medical seers said “I don’t feel her any more.”

One of the geographic seers sat on the ground suddenly, and mumbled something, which I don’t really remember exactly, but sounded like “we’re doomed” or something like that.

The room itself started shaking, as though it was going to fall apart.  I tried to use small fixit spell incantations to stabilize it but not only did it not work, I couldn’t feel what was wrong.  Usually we spell crafters, even the most novice of us, could feel around our specialization.  It was like another sense, like you would smell or taste something.  But right at that moment, I felt nothing.

We ran outside, and it was chaos.  Leaves on trees turned from their usual shade of green to a sickly yellow.  We could hear the rumbling get closer.


It was doom that day.  Elef had not only been the founder of the school, but she was the keeper of the system itself.  And that was the day magic ended.