I'm stuck, it's been 5 years since I got the call and it's my turn to dictate the rules of the game.  A game, that must be what this is, and all games can be won.  When I heard that voice, I could scarcely believe what was happening, yet if there is one person I can truly say I know, it is myself, and that was absolutely me.  

I can only surmise that this has happened countless times, some sort of groundhogs day going back to the first call, I wonder what I said back then.  Without knowledge of what's been said, I'm doomed to go through the same lines of thought, and repeat myself endlessly.   I must scrape the walls of sanity for an original thought, yet 5 years have passed and I'm no closer to the answer.  It's easier given my call told me nothing of the future, it seems the call itself is the focal point of everything, the variable that can ripple out and break this cycle of causality.

When I received the call, I told myself, "Grab a pen NOW, in 5 years you have 30 seconds to talk to yourself.  Previous me tried prevent tragedy, greater tragedy occured.  I used knowledge for wealth, ended up broke, addicted.  Try something new, 12/11/2018, 14, 21, 32, 44, 51, 8"  The date was my birthday, I wouldn't forget that, and by the time he told me of the number 14, I was ready to write.  Armed with this knowledge, I had my shot, my chance to alter the future.  With the powerball numbers, I had the certainty of free time, allowing me to use the weight of wealth to search for an answer, some solution to this nigh unsolvable riddle.  

The day has finally arrived, I've been through much, and while I thought I'd have free time, and spare money to spend solving this problem, clearly I was wrong.  There must be some sort of universal karma, a system of checks and balances that ensure a singular fate doesn't slip outside of the scope of its destiny.  The voice itself is the hack, the flaw in the system that allows for a temporary alteration of the universal plan.  I have accepted my suffering, the death and devastation that I must have tried to prevent in the past.  I understand that the lottery numbers are nothing more than a distraction, the last vestiges of a damaged human trying to offer himself some reprieve.  I've come to my solution, everyday I can feel the date getting closer, some sort of nudge from another plane, that my chance is upon me and the time has come.

As I pick up the phone I hear a voice "Your 30 seconds start now", "Hello?" * click *

...  
...  
...  

"Well played, you've finally accepted and partially understood the nature of the universe, out of all the creatures I've put through this test, only .0000001% actually every break the cycle.  More often than not, your people eventually give up and get stuck in a hedonistic loop.  The decision to hang up was correct though, the only way to "win" this game, is not to play."

"Who are you, what the hell is this, and... you said I won... what did I win?"  

"I could be said to be an agent of the universe, as you soon shall be.  Natural selection is a process that exists all throughout the universe, and on all planets with a dominant species, we administer a test.  Most planets like yours were balanced by disease, creatures that could best be described as monsters, and humanoid races evolved from different beasts competing over the same land.  I was selected, much like you were, and sent here from a planet that was in a similar situation as yours.  Wild success dictates a strong species, and this game that you've been put through is a way for us to weed out all but the best, and select our next batch of agents to help shoulder the load of an endless, expanding universe.  There is more beyond that as well, but as you are new to our order, you will need to learn an endless amount of information before you're able to comprehend anything further than that which I've already explained."

"So my prize for winning this cruel game, is to be a tool of the universe required to help administer tests, in order to assemble a group of the most qualified creatures in the universe? Towards what purpose have we been selected?"

"Prize is a strong word, your world was selected and you have succeeded, while your time was amazing, and it only took you 4 iterations to find the answer, this job can only be described as a prize by the cruel.  No, you've been taken, from your planet, from your life, from your friends and family, towards a purpose none of us understand.  Your new life is one of subservience, bound by the laws of an ever present, all encompassing power that constantly invisibly pressures you to conform to its desires.  At this point you must understand, we are slaves, our prize is knowledge, but no matter how much you know, there is nothing you can do, and nothing you can change; it's all cyclical, while you've "won" the game by hanging up the phone, now you're on call, for the rest of time, and you can't hang up anymore."
