They *ooo'*d and they *aaaah'*d, as they always did. It was a cheap trick but a guy has to eat. The sweet sound of coins clinking on the table made my mouth water; I hadn't had a bite of anything edible in almost a week. I did notice a few cloaked fellows looking concerned after the trick, probably just upset they could have made that money instead of me. But when I went to the bar with my haul they followed. I had a dagger on my left hip, but to be honest, I was never good with it. I much prefer a bow, and being far away when I fire it.

I ordered the stew and a mead, my heart pounded in anticipation. I kept an eye on the two who were still interested in me. The stew was watery broth and a few chunks of meat off the bones of some old chickens. It filled my belly so I couldn't complain. The mead was better, anyway. 

Some who saw the trick came up to me and asked how it was performed, others thanked me for the spectacle. Still the two men lurked and stared. I thought it best to not leave with any coin and just kept drinking until my pockets were empty. The night bled into early morning and I found myself properly tilted, but more importantly, broke again. I threw my last piece of silver to the bartender and thanked him. Then I stumbled out of the bar.

Outside, I took a deep breath of the cold air to steady my feet and briskly moved toward my horse stabled around the corner. I looked back only once, as I rounded the corner, and the two cloaked ones from earlier in the night were still in pursuit. *Shouldn't have drunk so much mead,* I thought to myself, drawing the dagger under my sleeve. I had to make a decision quickly, fight or disappear. The mead made it for me as I turned once more to see the men still in pursuit, I lost my balance, fell forward, rolled with whatever grace I could muster and faced my stalkers.

"I don't have any money left, chaps," I started, hoping that's all they wanted. "Spent it all at the bar." The taller one scoffed and I cursed under my breath. I let the dagger fall slowly into my hand, preparing for a fight.

"Not the money, the trick. We want to know how you could do that?" I stood up, disarmed by the question. I sheathed the dagger back in my belt.

"The trick, really? Couldn't have asked at the bar? Instead you just stared all night? Need to work on your conversational skills there." I said, hoping they would take the joke. They did not.

"Come on guys, lighten up. It was a sleight-of-hand. I sneak it in my sleeve, make the crowd search around for the coin, then I dropped it in the kid's pocket. Simple."

"We haven't see that kind of magic since the university closed. I felt nothing, you are more powerful than any wizard to come through this town in a hundred years." This time I had to scoff.

"Wizard? You're joking. I just told you my secret. It was a trick, nothing more," I said wondering if I should pull the dagger back out.

"We'll see," replied the shorter one, with a beard almost touching the ground. He unstrapped his robe and he staff became visible. It glowed a dark red on the crystal atop the ornately twisted wood. He chanted something I couldn't understand but the air around him changed. 

*Well, this is it,* I thought simply, watching a ball of energy form from the staff. Instinctively, I closed my eyes and threw my hands out, bracing for death. When I opened them I could not believe what I saw. The orb of energy hovered close to my head. I could feel the heat from it on my face, if I had stared longer at it I might have gone blind. I pulled my hands apart and it dissipated, along with the heat and bright light. Still kneeling, I caught my breath and looked up to see the other two had closed the distance. They were smiling.

"You should come with us," said the bearded one. I nodded meekly, as if I had a choice. 