I'd had little faith in the public defender assigned to my case. He looked like you might expect a harried, beaten down member of the state legal system would. He was stoop shouldered and weary eyed. His thinning hair barely enough to unite in a braid that wanly trailed down from beneath the hairless crown on his pate. 

I'd cursed my dumb luck when I'd died. For anyone it would be embarrassing, but for a Viking it was downright shameful. It wasn't enough that my heart gave out in the kitchen of all places, but my flailing hand had to clutch at the spatula on the bench instead of the knife right next to it. I'd need a miracle to get past the board, and when I saw who'd be defending me I almost gave up hope of getting it.

But he'd proven to be more able than he appeared. He'd stated my case evenly and had answered the board's questions adeptly and managed to sidestep the tricky ones without seeming like he was avoiding them. He'd shown a shrewd tongue and an agile mind. 

But it would all count for nothing if he couldn't close the deal. I couldn't help but fidget restlessly while he pored over his notes one last time. Finally, he raised his eyes to the board and began. 

"Members of the board, you've heard the evidence, you've heard the facts, you've heard the truth. Now we must talk about the weapon. I say weapon, because when I'm finished I'm confident you will not be able to conclude that a spatula is not a weapon. Take a knife for example. A knife is a weapon. But is it not also a tool? An implement used in the preparation of food? Consider a hammer. Great for crushing skulls and building houses. What about the axe? It will separate a man from his arm with a minimum of trouble, but will it not also fell a tree and cleave a lump of wood in two?"

He paused for a moment to allow the board to ponder his ruminations. Then he continued. 

"So now we are talking about intent. Is not a weapon or a tool defined only by the intent with which the user wields it? Now I will be the first to concede that a spatula on first glance is at best the most unconventional of weapons. But how are we to know the intent with which my client planned to use it? As a hammer can kill, so can it build. In pondering this conundrum, gentlemen of the board I ask you to consider this: to what purpose was this spatula going to be used? And I say to you, learned gentlemen of the board that you cannot definitively answer that. So I thank you for your time and I say to you, and I have no doubt you will come to the correct conclusion, if the spatula don't flip, you must admit."

He paused for effect and repeated: "if the spatula don't flip, you must admit".