“Good one mum” I chuckled but when I looked at her face there was no hint of humour.

“Good one what? I have no idea what you are on about” she replied looking unusually concerned, I looked down to my half finished sandwich to think.

“Look, Mum, I get it, your acting career demands for you to constantly try to stay in character or whatever, but we discussed this, I prefer to just speak to you whenever I see you, not this other person that you are pretending to be that week. And you know that Alex does too.” I made my reply without looking in her eye, I hated when she did this and she knew it. After dad’s death it was hard for her to process everything but I preferred to speak to the real her, not the role that she had immersed herself in that week, it was better than her drinking though.

“Seriously Jay, I’m not kidding with you, I’m not in any roles at the moment, who are you on about? Who’s Alex?” The look on her face was uncomfortably serious and I was beginning to feel a slight anxiousness. In my stomach.

Just then, as if being my saving grace, my brother walked round the corner holding his lunch tray, shouting “Hey!”. He’d gotten a hot meal, as usual, it was a miracle that he hadn’t gained massive amounts of weight with his eating habits, but he got lucky with his metabolism and so could eat about three pizzas and not gain a pound. Once he’d gotten to the table he sat down and slammed his tray down a little too hard for my liking, but that was Alex for you. “You can’t keep playing like this any more mum, Alex is here now, cut it out” I demanded, Alex looking at me slightly confused. 

“I knew it was bad but not this bad, Jay sweetie, are you feeling ok, do you want me to call Dr. Wilson?” I turned to Alex desperately searching his face for answers but the strange grin that has spread over it just made me feel uneasy, what was going on? I turned around to look back at my mother before hearing my brother speak.

“I told you Jay, she’s just gonna call some doctor and send you to a hospital for mental people, I told you not to trust her.” His voice sounded more gruff than usual and it reverberated through me causing the sense of unease to grow into full on panic.

“What the hell Alex, what do you mean you told me, and you mum, you know I don’t like Wilson, you know I don’t trust him, please stop this!” I was growing frantic and my voice was becoming strained, my wild eyes must have betrayed me because my Mum looked at me and my panic, incredibly concerned, I could feel tears welling up in the corners of my eyes, why didn’t I understand? 

“Honey, who are you talking to, who’s Alex?” My mum tried to say but her voice was drowned out by my own heartbeat and the sound of Alex’s near whisper of a voice in my ear 

“I told you, you didn’t listen and look where we are, you’ll have to dispose of her before she has you locked up, like with Dad, you do remember what happened to your Dad don’t you?” The tears were now streaming down my face, what did he mean what happened with Dad? What happened? All I remembered was that he died, I don’t remember how. Wait, was it... no, no, it couldn’t have been!

“No, NO! Get away leave me alone, what are you doing to me, please stop talking, please!” I was vaguely aware of my mums voice in the background, she was on the phone, who she was speaking to I didn’t know. 

“Jay, listen. This is for your own safety, you have to get rid of her before she gets rid of you, there is no other way.” Alex seemed to be enjoying my pain, why would he be enjoying it? What did he mean get rid of her? I couldn’t take it, Alex wouldn’t stop speaking neither would Mum, I had to shut them both up.

My hands encased my ears pressing so hard I thought I would pop my own head. It didn’t stop, I could still hear them and it hurt so much. All too suddenly my head was on the table and then back up to where it had previously been. The noise dimmed and so did the lights. 

“Do it again, that’ll get rid of them.” I don’t know who said those things words, their voice full of malice but I did it again, my head smashing into the table once again dulling everything, despite the throbbing in the centre of my forehead and the warm, thick liquid that had began to drip down my face.

One more time, I brought my head back down to the table, everything seemingly going in slow motion, I saw my Mum reaching out to stop me, Alex was laughing maniacally, and in that final second of consciousness, I remembered what had happened to Dad, how I had purposely swerved the car, causing him to be impaled on a rod in the back of a near by truck, how I hadn’t felt anything but relief after his death and how it was Alex who had convinced me to do it. It was safer that way and this would be safer too. Then the darkness enveloped me and for a moment, I felt at peace. 