  

No one has successfully conjured a reason for why weapons and magic came to the world.

The zealots whispered that the Gods had graced mankind with gifts, as much as they have given them life. That they loved them so much that they helped them, blessed these artefacts and energy for their uses. Others called it mere fate — a way of classification for what one might be destined for. A hoe, a sickle for a farmer. A pen for an administrator. A pouch for a merchant. Earth’s magic for a healer.

Natural hierarchy forming itself around these objects they receive at eighteen; a coming of age to determine what they would be in society.

Mors believed none.

With dawn creeping up from mountain’s veil, sun rays peeking and breaking bruised skies with gold, he clung onto the little freedom he had left. His nails scratch at the frosted glass of his window as he clenched fist and his unheard prayers for time to slow further fog up the pane.

His eighteenth.

Others aspire to reach the cusp of adulthood, but Mors hated it.

He knew, with deeply rooted certainty, he would miss the simplicity of childhood. How he would not be labelled by what he wielded, how he could be anything he wanted to be. A child had no expectations to meet. They were promised freedom until their objects came. He was going to lose it without even having a chance to hold onto it.

Mors knocked his head on the window, only to shrink back when he got a knock back in reply.

*The door*, he ascertained, eyes scrunched shut as he walked to meet his maker.

He felt himself breath before he pulled open the door, only to freeze at the sight of the person and the weapon they carried.

The person had no discernible gender: their hair was shaved off at one side was grown out longer, sweeping down one eye slightly. With their high nose bridge, their eyes looked sunken, burying grey irises into charcoal black, and it accentuated the jut of their cheekbones. Bone white teeth showed from thin, pale lips when the person smiled.

“I believe,” Mezzo tones ring out softly, “This belongs to you now.”

Mors tore his gaze away from their face and towards the weapon.

A scythe.

Dark handle bars with inscriptions running across sliver blade.

Death came calling.

…

It was only right to invite Death into his home.

There was no need to prolong the inevitable.

“I didn’t know that Death was a job.” Mors said slowly, sinking back into his chair to get as far as he could from the scythe that was laid on the table.

It strummed with wisps of black, vibrating the placeholder it was on. He hoped he was imagining it but the weapon seemed to inch towards him. Yearning. 

They laugh, notes haunting in its echoes. “Neither did I. Not until it came. But natural order necessitates there to be death as there is life. What must be done needs a carrier.”

Mors swallowed. “And that person is now me?”

“Yes,” they gestured at the scythe affectionately like they were speaking to an old friend. “It screams for another. Don’t you hear it?”

The room plunged into silence as they placed a hand on their lips. Sure enough, Mors heard the quiet hums; the song of the dead.

“You cannot run from it, boy.” 

Their face was suddenly in front of his when he reopened his eyes, and Mors froze. The living bruises beneath their eyes, the pale complexion shrieked for death. Light markings crawl from their neck — the same inscriptions on the blade — Mors realised, like slow poison.

“I know you longed for a legacy,” they whispered, searching. “Like kings crowned with their steels and high mages and their staffs You want adventures written in your name; you want the freedom to roam the lands.”

They raise to their full height as they pick up the scythe, skeletal hands stroking the grip gently. “And you will roam the lands. Just not in the way you wish, young one. Death has marked you for its own and you will accept it. You have no choice. But as you are my successor, let me impart some words of knowledge before I go. You will see things no man should have to witness. You will end the young, the great, the old. You will come to resent it. *Loathe* it. But you’ll want it in the end.”

“Remember,” they hiss, as they put the weapon into his hands. “Death takes everyone, even the ones it loves the most.”

They kneel on the ground, folding their arms to their chest. Their head bow, like a reverent follower.

Mors stood up steadily. A compulsion surged.

He tested the grip of the weapon before saying monotonously: 

“Thank you for your service.”

He swung.