Steve turned on his TV and settled heavily into his couch, curling his fingers around a pile of greasy potato chips from the bottom of the bag parked next to his hip. As he forced the wad of stale chips into his mouth he stared vacantly at the news program on the screen in front of him, too tired from a long day to care what was on. 

Dozens of clips flashed on the screen. In each clip a person was dying. Old people dying in nursing homes, people dying in the wreckage of car accidents, soldiers dying on the battlefield, all of them muttering something with their last breaths. Even though Steve couldn’t hear his TV for the crunching sound amplified inside his skull, he knew full well what they were all saying.

“The ducks are coming,” intoned the news anchor. “That’s what they were all saying for twenty-four hours straight just one short year ago. All around the globe all the dying gave us the same mysterious prophecy unlike any other shared vision we’ve heard of in the century that this phenomenon has been with us.”

Steve let out a heavy sigh and washed down his mouthful of chips with a swig of beer. He’d heard all this before. 

“The dying have been giving us prophecies for so long that we all expect it. We’re ready for it. Even when the messages don’t make sense initially we accept that they will eventually and move forward. But on this one year anniversary of the most bizarre and confusing message, a message that is seemingly relevant to every person on this planet we thought it would be a good idea to step back and examine what we know, to really look at what this prophecy thing is in an effort to understand, if not what the message means, maybe why we were all supposed to hear it.”

Steve shrugged deeper into his couch cushions. This sounded like it was going to be a long one, but he was a little intrigued to see if they came up with anything new.

“As a society we’ve grown accustomed to this curious thing, this death bed prophecy. Though we still don’t know how or why it all started, it effects all of us eventually. It’s almost routine at this point. ‘Grandma’s dying so get out the camera or voice recorder and catch her last bit of advice,’.”

“As we’ve seen and experienced countless times over the last hundred years, normally when someone dies they gather their last bit of strength and gasp out a prophecy for the people closest in proximity to them. On rare occasions the prophecies can relate to a wider audience, but those are truly rare. Maybe once in a few decades, and never...never like this.”

“Generally the prophecies are kind of like a heads up from the universe. The messages can range from banal to profound, from straightforward and literal to baffling Zen koans. But they’re almost always intended for the people in closest proximity to the decedent. It, of course, behooves the family members to be nearby when possible. You never know if grandma might predict your marriage, or a birth, another death, lotto numbers. Who knows?“

“When a high status person shuffles off the mortal coil there can be fights among the family and friends to get close enough to be in the ‘sphere of relevance’ of the dying person so they get included in the prophecy. The wealthier, more influential or famous a person is can have a direct correlation to how significant the prophecy is and how wide the ‘sphere of effect’ is.”

“You might remember a story from a few years ago where three family members of prominent billionaire and philanthropist, Jack Bellingham, were kidnapped from Mr. Bellingham’s bedside, blind folded, knocked unconscious and dragged outside the range of the sphere of influence. The corporate board members that perpetrated the assault were later caught, but not before they got close enough to hear Jack’s final words. Their hope was to get some prediction about the company, the markets, something to enrich all of them. Instead they all got what to me seems like a cosmic punchline to a joke they hadn’t been told yet. Jack’s message to them was simple, but incredibly cryptic. ‘Five fried pies pay for piss.’” The new anchor stifled a chuckle and continued. “When a prophecy is cryptic like that you really only have one option. Wait. Wait for the stars to align and reveal the true meaning.” 

“Well, we know the true meaning of Jack’s prophecy now. Two weeks ago all five of the corporate board members who conspired to commit prophecy theft and carried out the assault were found dead of multiple stab wounds in the laundry facility of the federal prison where they were all serving ten year sentences. It was later discovered that the convicts who carried out the murders were paid in fried apple pies from the prison commissary, a common form of currency in many prisons. The assassination was ordered and paid for by a midlevel drug dealer in the same cell block as the five convicted board members, one of whom accidentally urinated on the drug dealer’s foot in the shower a few days earlier.” The news anchor paused and looked up from his notes into the camera. “Five fried pies pay for piss,” He said meaningfully.

“So, you can see what I’m driving at. That prophecy, ‘The ducks are coming’ whispered over and over again by thousands of the dying.... It makes no sense to anyone. The internet is full of ten thousand theories about the prophecy. ‘The ducks are coming.’ What does that mean? Who is it for? Why was that specific prophecy so important that it circled the globe?” He paused, took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose for a few seconds before looking up again.

“I gotta tell you folks I’m worried. Not ‘running through the streets rioting’ worried, but I’m having trouble sleeping. As I’m sure many of you are as well. Experts from every corner of the world have been trying to decipher the prophecy, massive computers are trying to decode it, and spiritual leaders are weighing in with their interpretations. So far nobody has any clue. But there’s a part of me,” he paused, a tremor of anxiety rippled across his face, “deep in my gut that is worried that this was our ‘five fried pies’ message.”

Just as he was about to continue the newsman looked off camera, his eyebrow raised and a quizzical expression on his face. He glanced off to the side and motioned toward his ear to someone behind the camera. “John...John I’m hearing a low hum. What is that?” He glanced back at the camera, “Sorry folks I’m getting some weird noises in my earpiece here.” He reached up and popped the tiny plastic device out of his left ear and glanced around the studio. The noise was coming through the speakers in Steve’s TV now. It was all around him. A low rumbling sound like slow thunder rolling across a plain.

The newsman looked at the camera again and shrugged, “Folks we might be having an earthquake or something here. I’m not sure what’s going on.” The sound was getting louder now, forcing him to raise his voice to be heard over it. “Bear with us for a moment...”

A sudden scream of feedback sent out a shrill piercing keen through the studio that had the news anchor wincing in pain and covering his ears. The video transmission blurred and wavered for a moment before snapping to hissing static. 

Steve had been getting drowsy and was barely paying attention to the program when the screech of feedback startled him. He sat bolt upright and grabbed the remote as soon as the screen went snowy. He tried changing channels and fiddling with the settings for a minute before an uneasy feeling came over him. He became aware of a vibration humming through his couch and into his legs. He dropped the remote and pulled his feet up into the couch as the vibration suddenly rumbled through his floor, his walls, everything. It was quickly becoming deafening. 

A bookcase next to the TV bounced off the wall and crashed into the coffee table spilling books and shattered nick-knacks across the floor. Panic ripped through him as his small apartment threatened to tear itself apart from the thrumming drone of sound. It pounded through the room, through his body, pressing the air from his lungs.

Steve struggled to suck in air and scream as his windows shattered out of their frames, but could hear nothing other than the crushing unrelenting sound. As his couch bounced on the floor nearly throwing him off he felt truly out of control of his fate. A sort of madness was clawing at his mind, forced into his consciousness by the drone, causing him to curl into a tight ball on the couch and rock back and forth, his eyes shut tight against the assault, hands pressing so tight over his ears that he felt like his skull would cave in. On and on it pulsed and boomed through his body.

Then... nothing. Blessed silence spilled into the chasm that the sound had hollowed out. The pain had been so intense and the relief so profound that he sobbed on the couch for long minutes, grateful to be alive.

Eventually his heart rate slowed, his tears dried up and the adrenaline shakes in his body died down. He opened his eyes slowly. “What the hell was that?”

Seemingly in response a deep inhuman voice boomed from outside, echoing down from the sky. As it spoke every electronic screen on the planet including Steve’s television typed out a corresponding message in every human language, 

“We are the Dux. Submit.”

