“Babe seriously, I went into another world! Like, I flushed the toilet and suddenly wham, these weird space time Gods told me I was the next chosen one and I suddenly got these powers? And apparently I have to defeat the next Evil that’s going to attack Other Earth.”

“Right, one question though,” I smiled, wondering whether my husband was having heat stroke after his football game with 'The Bros', “Were you doing a number one or two when you went into the toilet? I don’t imagine it would have been pleasant either way but pee seems like the better option in this.”

“Babe!” He whined, “I’m serious okay like, the space time Gods were literally about to whisk me to my mission but I told them that I had you and that if you weren’t with me that I wouldn’t even think of helping them. Even if they gave me the jazzy cool superpowers.”

I blushed, even though the entire situation was honestly bordering on insane it was pretty cute that he’d think of me in such a disorienting albeit unrealistic situation. I still pretty much thought it was just a hallucination on his part though. 

“So when I told them about you they were all like, sure! The both of you will get your own mansion and enough riches and food to last a lifetime. Also, whenever we needed to we could travel back to this Earth and visit our friends and family. They even showed me the mansion and the riches,” he stretched out his arms widely, “It was like this big and this much money babe!” 

I couldn’t help but laugh a bit. To be honest, our life was going rough especially since he had recently been “regretfully” retrenched (courtesy of the higher up’s choice of words) from his job of five years. A friend of his who still had a job with the company said they immediately hired someone for my husband’s job but paid the newbie considerably less. They could have honestly given him a heads up so he could have found another job before firing him.

I wondered whether this extravagant story was how he wanted to cheer us up a little and I smiled, “Fine okay, if this place really exists and I do agree on going, how are we going to get there again?”

He grinned, “The same way I did of course!” An unpleasant feeling had told me that that was probably how he was going to answer and I simply rolled my eyes as he dragged me to the toilet. 

“Seriously, were you doing a number one or two — I need to know, if we’re going through the toi-“ He quickly cut me off, giving me a peck on the forehead and saying, “See you on the other side, honey.” 

Before I could protest, he pressed the flush button. For a moment, I was just sat there and just as I was about to rub it in his face I felt the toilet seat under me shaking and then, a loud whoosh. Suddenly I was travelling through blindingly white and empty space, feeling a strong pull carrying me downwards.

“Fuck!” I cursed as I landed right on my ass. I tentatively stood up, rubbing my butt. I looked around, it seemed that I landed right in the middle of four threateningly high thrones, the figures sat on them hidden in shadow. 

“Fuck?” I accidentally said aloud, my hand quickly moving to cover my mouth — I couldn’t believe my eyes, I was actually brought into another dimension? And, these were the space time Gods Kelvin was talking about? What?

Shortly, I heard what sounded like someone falling behind me and turned. It was Kelvin suavely landing on his feet, even managing to give me a sneaky wink as he did. That bastard knew I’d land on my ass and probably saw me as I did actually fall on it.

He then went on one knee, facing the highest of the thrones, “This is my beloved wife. I have brought her to live with me as I carry out the mission to save Other Earth.” I panicked and quickly followed suit, settling down on one knee beside him. 

“Yes, good,” a deep gravelly voice that seemed to come from the throne but also seemed to come from all sides of the room reverberated in the space, “I will now send you off to your mission Chosen One, and I will ensure that your beloved will be safe in your mansion.”

Before my husband could reply, I stood up, “Excuse me Your Honour but, if I might say so myself, I am pretty badass at kicking butt myself. I could probably do better than your Chosen One beside me too. Whaddya say if you gave me some cool superpowers too and I help him out with his mission?” I acted as nonchalantly as possible, I knew these Gods could probably vaporise me with a snap of their fingers but like hell if I was going to let go of this chance of being a superhero.

“Hmm,” I flinched, the sudden sound of the God’s gravelly voice surprising me, “That doesn’t sound too bad. Very well, I shall allow you to wield the same powers as your husband. Do not let us down Earthlings. The fate of Other Earth rests in your hands.” 

I saw a giant hand appear on top of me, and with a sprinkling motion, I suddenly felt a surge of power rushing through my body. Grabbing my husband’s hand, I looked at him and kissed him, letting all my emotions (confusion, happiness, worry and especially love) reach him. He smiled when we parted, grabbing my hand. 

This, was gonna be one hell of a story to tell The Bros. 

***

10 hours too late but I hope at least someone sees this :'>) 
