All of my friends are Loveless. We prefer it this way. We party every night and take extravagant trips together, as friends. We have thriving careers. We do what we want, whenever we want, and don't have to share anything with anyone. See, once people find "the one", everything changes. The life begins to drain from them. Literally. Last month, we lost James. He was careless. He saw the signs but ignored our warnings when we told him to stay away from her. First he's staring at his phone all night, next, he starts flaking out on plans, suddenly it's like he never existed. Confined to his tomb every night, he ghosts our group text invitations. Before we've realized it, he's gone, without a trace, like he was never here in the first place. 

Before, I'd try to be emphatic, be a good friend. I'd go out of my way to talk to them, listen to them ramble on about how happy they are now, how being Loved is indescribable. Bullshit. How brainwashed they become. How lifeless. Drones shuffling along, doing what they're told as if parasites killed the friend I knew and took over their body. I don't buy it for a second. My parents were supposed 'soulmates' and I watched them argue every day of my life. Watched them waste their best years in front of the tv. Watched them grow old and useless. Watched them die. 

If I know one thing, I know that isn't what I want with my life. Just because I'm Loveless doesn't mean I don't feel love. I love my friends, I love my dog. I can have a rich, fulfilling, everlasting life without doing what society tells me I 'should' do.

Despite this, I'm still human, like anyone else. I still like a bit of company from time to time. I still have needs. I've just gotten very good at spotting the signs and putting an end to it before I get into trouble.

I go to this bar I hate, on the other side of town. I order a beer, the daily special, that nearly makes me gag. I sit next to no one in particular and talk about bands I've never listened to, tv shows I turned off after the first episode. Like a carefully choreographed dance, I follow the steps I've been over a hundred times before. The cadence of her laugh tells me I am on tempo. Hook and snare, I've found my partner for the night.

If I do my job well, it means the chances of this turning into anything dangerous are low. I have something nice to look at for a few nights until the sound of her becomes unbearable, then I toss her aside. Start it all over again. 

It's all I need.
Except.
Sometimes. I fly too close to the sun.

On our fourth date, she walks in the room and my breath catches in my throat. Strike one.

Her fingers brush against my arm and leave trails of liquid gold on my skin. Strike two.

Suddenly my laughter is flowing more easily and I lose track of time. Lose track of myself. She tells me she's never met anyone like me before and my heart flutters in my chest. Like Death itself is knocking on my rib cage. I know this feeling too well. I've watched it happen to countless people. I've seen what happens with their vitality gets stolen. I can't let it happen to me. Sometimes breaking it off isn't enough to squelch the flames, and I'm not about to take any risks.

I take her home. A few pills slipped into her wine is all it takes. I found this is the least messy way to take care of it. By midnight, she's gone, and I feel free again. Another bullet dodged. I should be more careful next time.

Saturday I'm hanging out with the Loveless group. One of the girls invited her friend from work, I don't remember her name, but she meshes with the rest of us like she's been here all along. I tell them about my last date and how I had to cut it off, omitting certain details. They can relate. We laugh. We share stories. This is what life is supposed to feel like. I have fun but I'm in control. I feel stable and comfortable.

Weeks pass and I learn the new girl's name. Kimbra. I'm glad she started hanging out with us. She gets along great with everyone. She tells jokes and parties harder than anyone I know. We stay out until the sun rises once or twice, even just sitting around talking is so fun with her. The weird thing is that I never really notice when she's there but I notice when she's gone. Somehow everything is a little more stale without her.

Months pass. One morning, I look at my hands. Something is off. They seem somehow, dryer than before? More rough? Maybe a trick of the light. Maybe I need to drink more water.

I tell Kimbra about my hand problem. By now we've become close friends and I tell her pretty much everything without even thinking about it. She says she noticed the same thing about herself, and we laugh it off. Must be all those late nights we've been pulling recently. I'm glad to have a friend who can relate to all the strange little things in life.

A year passes. Somehow this past year feels like the shortest and longest year of my life at the same time. Like every other Saturday night, I head out to chill with Kimbra. This time, its her who had a date get a little too heated for comfort. Like I've done a hundred times before, I listen, I laugh. But I'm going through the motions. Inside, I feel a stab of pain. This is new. Completely unlike the feelings I've had with the other girls before, but somehow familiar. The thought crosses my mind that I feel like I've known Kimbra my entire life. Like an echo of something I can't quite make out, this thought, too, sounds like something I've heard before. That thought haunts me for the rest of the night. And the next night. My sleep become restless, until, suddenly it comes to me, clear like a bell. Where I've heard it. That's exactly what James said when he left us. He tried so hard to explain why he couldn't see us anymore. He sounded like a madman. And yet. Here I am, with his words resonating in my head. They're my words now. Line for line, everything he said now makes sense. I'm not ready. 

Later, I invite Kimbra over to my place. I make drinks, she has no idea that this night might be different than any other. Like always, we waste most of the time talking and laughing. I'm trying to hide the pain. I go into the kitchen alone, resolved to do what I need to do. This isn't what I want. I didn't ask for this. I take out my trusty pills and my hands shake above the lid. My throat closes up and my vision goes blurry. I must have stood like this for a few minutes because suddenly she's here with me. Her arms are around me and I feel the deepest peace I've ever felt.

I'm sorry, I tell her.

I know. She replies.

She tells me she's noticed we started aging. I share with her the thoughts I've been having, she admits to thinking the same. Maybe this is what life is supposed to feel like. Maybe a lifetime of peace and complete understanding with another person is better than a million wasted nights with shallow friends and nameless dates. Suddenly it all makes sense. I'm looking forward to a life well lived.