"Come to me children!" the "man" threw his arms wide and shouted. Violent energy rippled in arcs and snaps around him, particles of half-decayed inorganic matter floating up around him as he began breaking down the sidewalk. My gaze flicked over to her. Adelaide Tilton, more popularly known as Crescendo, stood just forty feet away from her adversary. "No!" I shouted at her, she didn't flinch, "Stay away from him! It's too much for you to handle!" The cops paid my outburst no mind, bumping my head into the side of the cruiser, with a snicker and a quiet 'oops'. The monster kept going, "You are blind! Simple! I will show you the truth of your existence and the purity of the void!" He reached out, shooting a pulse of energy that seemed to draw in everything surrounding it at a passerby. A hollow noise emitted from within the hapless man as he crumpled inward and- What did he do? The man reached out and had produced some sort of energy but, he didn't do anything with it? Maybe part of his power was psychological, making you miss things he's doing, redirection. The officer slammed the door in my face, circling to the driver side and getting in. I flexed against the heavy manacles they clapped on me. 

Crescendo steeled herself and began to hum, saturating herself with her aura, building up power. "Listen," she called out to the man. "You don't have to hurt anybody! We can help you, just stand down and we can give you assistance!" She was ever the diplomat. Always saw the good in me, paring me and trying to reform me. It didn't work needless to say. I'd break out, using my power to assert my will on other people. Just subtle things, a nod here, a wink there, use some smooth wording and then they were clay to my demands. She saw through it though. Crescendo saw through my deception, she understood me on a level I don't think I really have myself. 

The first time I met her, it was on a minor run. Just a few playthings along with me, I found them on the dating sites I peruse for easy manpower. Young, naive men looking for a girl without fully knowing what they want. They were hanging off every word I said in days. They went about their typical days until I called them in, then we went and hit a jewelry store, I could worry about the fence later. Who doesn't want to buy my stuff? I make far too convincing an offer for them to refuse. Then she appeared. Clad in, I think it was a gymnastics leotard with some garish styling wielding a broom handle as a staff. It was almost embarrassing just to see it. She told my boys to stand down, then when they closed in on her, but then, she started humming. A faint little tune, it was beautiful, a slow, entrancing reprise. It stills keeps me up at night sometimes, just thinking about that song, the way she always hums as she fights, it captivated me. Such a young girl, so bright, so full of hope, being plunged into this world of brutally murdered comrades and traumatizing calamities at the hands of the real monsters. Not like me, jut some glorified con-woman baiting young men with looks and mind-control. Monsters like the one that Adelaide was facing down down. 

The building he was standing by started to crumble, all the support being robbed by his destructive radius. As it fell the field around the monster intensified, hungrily pulling apart all matter that passed into it. "You're material world is a lie!" he proclaimed. "You don't understand how it feels to be nothing!" The man blinked out of sight- A man appeared in front of another person, grabbing her and dissolving her body- "To be forgotten!" the man continued, standing closer to Crescendo. She began to hum louder and the field of light around her for flared, funneling it into her spear. The point ignited in bright blue fire, she raised it and hurled it as hard as she could at the monster. As it hit his field of destruction, the spear began to dissolve, slower than the building, but dissolving all the same. the light began to flicker but it eventually hit home, puncturing the man's shoulder. "Yes!" I shouted from in the car. "Get that fucker!" 

"Shut up!" the cop barked at me. "We are heading out now, so you can save your commentary who wants to hear you speak." I frowned at him, pouting slightly, draw his attention a bit, make him more pliable. "No fair officer," I retorted gently, "I'm supporting your side, aren't I? Cut me some slack here, dear" His gaze lost some of its intensity, it was working. These next minutes of interaction were critical. "I don't care if you are cheering for her or not. Yo're going to the station and getting processed through a facility designated to hold you." He started up the cruiser and shifted into drive. "Can't we stay here? You cloud stay here, get back-up, you might be able to help Ad- help Crescendo!" Shit, she hasn't gone public with her civilian identity. It took months of careful espionage to find her; weeks of sowing people under my control and getting them to collect information for me. At first I found her boyfriend and when I did, all I felt was uncontrollable rage. He was just some college jock asshole who cheated on her, repeatedly. I found a handful of his other lovers and convinced them to admit what they did to Adelaide. She broke up with him in minutes. It broke her heart. I never realized that he meant so much to her and I didn't get it. He was such a piece of shit and yet I was always here looking out for her personal gain. 

"Well, it isn't safe for me to try and keep you here." The officer's voice sounded further off, even less focused. "You might try to... make a break for it." I smirked a little, I couldn't help it. "Look at me," I replied softly, he turned and looked my in the eye, "Do I look like I'm the type of girl to run away? How can I even get out of these handcuffs? They weigh like, a *ton*."

Outside the ground rumbled as violet light flared through the earth, consuming it. The man wrenched the remains of the spear from his shoulder and tossed away the fading remnants. How did he get that injury on his shoulder? Did Crescendo find a way to get past his defenses? She looked similarly confused. 'No no no no." I muttered. "Officer? You need to let me put *now*." He looked at me, bemused. "Wha-" he started, "Don't worry about it right now but I need to help Crescendo. I promise you I don't want to hurt her, I am on your side here." It wasn't working, the doubt was crossing his expression. I was pushing too much, fuck. 

The man shuddered and put a hand to his shoulder, looking at the smear of blood resulting. He closed his eyes, and took a breath before flickering- What was going on? I need to help Crescendo she's in danger from... something? "Right," the officer said, "off we go to the police station to-" The monster flashed back into substance before the cruiser. He placed a hand on the hood and the car fell apart around us. The officer pulled his gun and- I scrambled back trying to cover as much ground as I could. "E-excuse me?" I stammered awkwardly, "Sir? Would you mind backing up, you um, seem to be destroying everything that comes near you." 

"Worry not, dear," the man smiled, baleful, hungry darkness in his eyes. "I will show you the beauty of not being. there is no time, no space, no thought. There is no justice, no villainy, no right or wrong, and," he leveled a hand at me and it began to pulse with dark light, tendrils of purple energy seeking purchase in being, "there is no you. There is only the void. Won't you embrace serenity?" As the energy moved in closer, felt the cold empty space reaching to me. I felt, nothing. Truly nothing. No heat or cold, no electricity. Just the opposite, I felt it pulling *me*, reaching out to grab my being. 

Crescendo's humming reached its climax and she dashed into the monster's field, her brilliant aura wavering slightly under the pressure of the nothingness weighing down on her. I watched as I slowly began to unravel, starting at my extremities, bit by bit. Little flakes like soot coming off my sneakers; gloves coming apart, seam by seam. I felt the darkness creeping in, like his aura was draining my senses. She charged forward, wielding a piece of rebar, swinging it at the man with all her might. It almost connected with his head before he- A man appeared behind Crescendo and gouged his hand through her abdomen, the area parting before his grasp as though made of clouds. "No need to resist it, sweet girl." The man whispered now. "You fought so hard, yes. but no something more important, you never will be, will never have been, and when I am done my great work, will never be able to be again." Adelaide shuddered, coughing up a glob of blood, and collapsed to her knees. "No!" I screamed, running at the monster headlong. I had no weapons, but i just needed to hurt him. I was stuck here in the field, lowly dying, I need to *fight*. I need to save her. I swung a fist at his head and before it touched him, it came apart, the last seams of it's existence unwoven. I fell over, dizzy. It was hard to move, hard to *breathe*. I came apart faster and faster as he walked over to Adelaide. He knelt down and placed a hand on her face. She shuddered violently but there was nowhere to go, she couldn't run. something about his presence just *takes* from you, spiritually and physically. He shushed her, stroking her fizzling cheek. "Rest easy now, it' almost over. Know that nobody will suffer when you go."

"Adelaide! No!" I screamed, my lungs straining with the effort. She looked at me, and before she could say anything she faded- I lay there, crying and hollow, so miserable and unable to understand what is missing. Hanging on the edge of knowing what you about t say, but unable to articulate what is there. The man came over to me, a pensive look on his face. "A pity, almost," he said reaching down to me, "you were honestly somewhat amusing to watch. I would say I will miss you, but..." His hand grazed the side of my face and I-