"It hurts," I mutter to myself and clutch my chest. "Oh god, how this hurts." 

I close my eyes, and I see it. A husband, happy, a pregnant woman by his side. Then, a truck. It runs them through like a bullet to bone. Scattered and ripped, torn asunder like the man's soul, once so complete and bright, now floating inside a tornado of red. It surges into me, and I just want to die. I want to join them. I want to hold a daughter I never knew, her face, her laugh. Her everything. I want the love of my life back.

God, I want it all back. 

A rustle from behind me emerges into existence, bringing me back to my surroundings. I open my eyes. I'm sitting in a nearly empty room. A screen is in front of me, and a projector behind, along with a hole in the wall. 

A note, quite like the one before, falls through the gap between me and those who wish to donate. It descends onto the projector and becomes lit up on the screen, the words dancing to life in front of me.

'I lost everything in my job.' 

The words embed themselves into my mind, and the feelings soon follow. Bitter, like ash, burns over my tongue. Seething rage encompasses my soul.

I blink and get a glimpse of an empty office and a bottle of scotch in my hand. The anger boils and grows, and I clench my fist. A clock in my mind rings, 12, midnight, again. Always, every night, the same. I wake up there, having never left, a voicemail from a husband expecting his partner home last night singing on my phone. 

Fury booms from my throat, and it echoes into the world around me. I open my eyes, and I gasp for air, my chest inflating and deflating repeatedly. I rub my face and shake my head, knocking the note off the projector. 

"Too intense," I whisper to myself. I sniff and wipe away the spit from my mouth. Pain is pulsating in my lower jaw; it having been clenched shut these last few minutes. 

Another note falls through the hole. I prepare to read when I feel it. All through me. I let out a small giggle for the first time in my life, and a shutter runs down my spine. Is that how that feels to laugh? Like your vibrating? Oh, it's beautiful, so magnificent, I never want this feeling to end. It bubbles in my belly, and courses through my veins into my toes. My feet feel funny, like their fuzzy. I look up and read the first line of the note.

'First time I kissed a girl,'

This is so strange; I'm sweating, and it feels so lovely. I'm laughing again, I can't help it. I close my eyes, and I'm sitting in a park. A girl, no older than 16 is sitting next to me. The feeling explodes once again, and all my thoughts escape my head. What do I do? Christ, what do I do? 

"Wooo!" I yell, opening my eyes and staring at the roof. A massive grin is sitting on my face, and a small murmur of laughs slips my lips. With a shake of my head, I look back at the screen and read the last line.

'A little bit of happiness for Pandora.'

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff.