With bleary eyes and heart racing I fumble with the headset looking for the calibration module. Hands that don't feel like mine make their way across this foreign device, seeking some purchase, some relief that gives any indication that the desired "calibration" has started.

Sweat dripping from my brow, an audible click and then a strangely familiar whirr as a sea of green lines make their way accross the landscape of headset's monitor. Calibrating. 1%

Calibrating. 1%

My body starts to ache from either the adrenaline or the fear or just the shear weight of effort needed to maintain contol of a real body in real space. 

Calibrating 2%

I pull the headset tightly back on and watch the green scanlines dance accross the city skyline and the cafe I'm sitting at and Becky's face in front of me on the other side of the table. She's frozen midsentence, mouth half agape, tip of her tongue pressed against her teeth like she is trapped in an infinite "the" that never comes to fruition. 

Calibrating 4%

I fixate on Becky's hair, the lines bunched up around the corners of her eyes, the stain on her blouse that you can tell she tried to scrub out but gave up after a couple of washes. I focus on bread on the table, the half empty glass water, the distinctive shade of blue of the minivan parked illegally in front of the hydrant across the street. I focus on anything but the growing sense of feeling in my body, anything but the chittering sound of teeth behind me.

Calibrating 8%

Can't this thing go any faster? I try and be as still as possible. I fight the involuntary twitching of my legs as the regain sensation. I try not to think about that sound. Becky still in front of me, frozen like a statue carved by an artisan who technically understood what a person looked like but without any regard for the awkward faces people make in-between moments of time. I think of the statue of David if he were mid-sneeze. 

Calibrating 15%

I think about all the things that were wrong with my life, the things I was just telling Becky about, my depression, my crippling debt, the lonliness I've felt since my mother passed last June, the bottle of wine I drink every night just to sleep. My crippling anxiety and how the pills barely work anymore.
I think about how truly terrifying my life was every day, and I think about how much I desperately want to go back to it and hear what is on the other side of Becky's "the", and how much I want that gnashing sound that keeps getting louder to be in my head.

Calibrating 25%

My life wasn't an easy one, but if it was just an escape... I don't want to think about what I needed to escape from.