I enter through the front gates of my house. Mansion is a more appropriate word for it though. Luckily, I am in a car so getting through the crowd isn't as hard as it used to be. You'd think the hype would die down after a year of inventing faster than light travel. But noooo, everyone wants a piece of me. Everyone wants to know my thought process. Everyone wants to know my every move so that they could be the first to report on my next big invention. I'd laugh at this thinking except that a month after I revealed faster than light travel, someone got wind that I had also successfully managed to create a working fusion tech which had so far been a purely theoretical concept. And so, the hype around me didn't die as it usually does around viral celebs. After all, I had already shown that I could solve humanity's most complex problems not once but twice. Who knows what else I could do?

I make it sound bad but it does have its perks. I have literally all the money I could ask for and more. Turns out businesses will pay sums you can't even comprehend just to have rights to use my inventions. Oh, and having the other sex swoon over you is a welcome change. But having cameras and flashes thrown in your face at every public appearance gets old really quickly.

I sigh and come out of my reverie as the car pulls in front of the house. I just bought this a few months ago after my flat had been broken into by a rather zealous fan, as the papers called it. Stalker is what I call it.

I enter the house and am immediately greeted by Sebas - my faithful butler. He comes up to me and starts rambling about meetings, calls with leaders of various countries and businesses, interview requests, and other stuff I also don't care about. I tell him that I am quite tired and need my rest. He can make the calls on any business issues in the meantime. I trust him. After all, he was hand picked by my silent partner. Back when I trusted my partner.

I enter through a double door and am greeted by another door. This is the entrance to the secret part of the building, one that only I have access to. After confirming my identity via fingerprint, eye and voice detection, the doors open and I am finally alone. Well, alone from any human observations that is.

As soon as I get out of my shoes and suit and into something more comfortable - overalls that I used to wear back on the farm - my partner decides to interrupt my relax time.

"Puuaaaackkk. How's your day going?"

I look to find him standing there. I can no longer think of him as 'it' like I used to. You see, my partner is a Mathmachicken. Not only that, he is the one that really invented those gadgets and technologies that have revolutionised the whole world. Turns out humanity really couldn't solve it greatest challenges and puzzles. A chicken could.

"The usual. I deal with people out of my league about stuff I don't understand and say stuff that they don't understand and then we smile and part ways while they try to make sense of the gibberish I just told them".

"Well, you know we quaan't let them know about me".

"Yeah, Yeah. Isn't that why I got rid of my accent and started to speak proper 'n stuff"

"Yes. 'n stuff. Quaam, I need to show you something".

I follow him through the doorway on the other side of the room. It was strange to see how human he had become. How much his speech had improved in just a year. In the beginning, he could only say one word to show what he meant. And the word always came out with a chicken noise makong it difficult to know what he was trying to say.  But now, nearly all traces of his chickenhood had gone. In his speech anyways. He still had the same feathers, beak and claws. But his eyes shown with an intelligence that was starting to scare me.

I still remember the day when he first spoke. It was honestly a day fraught with emotions. Confusion, scepticism, fear, excitement, happiness and other emotions I just can't name. You remember the company Tazings? No. Well that's because they went out of business when the government found out that they'd been dumping their waste in the nearby river. But not before the chicken here had drank the water enough times to make his brain go into overdrive. And now he was literally the smartest chicken on Earth. Not that their was a lot of competition there.

I am brought out of my reminiscence by a scream. I look towards him with my eyebrow raised. He just shrugs and says:

"I needed some data and the intern was getting annoying."

I couldn't say anything back to him. I was shocked the first time he did this. The first time he used one of the interns as an experiment subject. But now, I couldn't do anything. He had made it clear that when humans stopped killing chickenkind for food, he would stop using humankind for experiments. And I'm pretty sure neither is going to happen. And I don't have power over either.

I used to. I used to be able to control the chicken. He used to see me as his father figure. But then, he realised that I was not his father. I was just a human. Sure I took care of it. But that was it. And when it started looking for answers, it found that humans killed its kind for food. And that broke something in it. And now, the best I could do was to stop it from going rogue and killing all of humanity.

Finally, we came to the room he wanted me in. This was his laboratory. Quackroom s what I call it, no pun intended. It was filled with inventions that were a physicists wet dream. Teleporters, plasma guns, force fields and stuff that was taken straight from a sci-fi movie.

He led me to a corner. There was a machine here. A new one. Or atleast it looked like a machine under the cover.  He walked up to it and started talking

"I have been thinking. Humans eat chickens. Chickens eat worms. It's all just a part of life. Nothing we can do about it. It was wrong of me to blame you for it. So, as an apology, I have made this for  you."

He revealed what was under the cloth. An empty table. Or at least that's what I thought at first. But when I looked closer, there was something small on it.

"This is  an in-ear speaker. But you don't put it into your ear. You eat it. And it will automatically go towards your nerves that transmit sound to the brain. From there, I can talk to you directly. I have also embedded AI in it that will help you answer the questions about the tech that we have revealed to the outer world. This should help with your daily work... dad".

I had tears in my eyes. I went up to him and hugged him. It's not easy to hug a chicken. So it did not last long. But it was the first positive emotion I had felt in a while. I took the pill and went out, happy for the first time in the house.

As I walked through the corridor back to my room, the intern jumped out from a door and looked directly at me.

"The chicken.. is... evil. Kill it, before it kills us. It gets...smarter..." and then the androids took him back to his room. I'd like to say I ignored this. I mean, it is just the ramblings of someone who has gone crazy. But there was intelligence in his eyes. And a recognition. The same kind that I first saw in mine when I realised I could not stop the chicken. I would like to say I went back to my happy mood. But I didn't. I just went to my bed again and went to sleep. Just another secret I will have to keep for now.