The airplane took off. It was moving to the final zone, the Orkney Islands off the coast of Scotland. I heard little about it, well besides maybe a Modern Warfare 3 map otherwise it was more a Nordic relic and tourist attraction than a place to live.

It had been two years since the game had started. PUBG Corporation had become the largest company in the world and through all the power they had, contacted every news outlet across the globe that the real world was being turned into a real Battle Royale and failure to comply would set off nerve gas bombs in every single major city in the world ensuring complete destruction of our race, one way or another. Around seven billion contestants, including the elderly, disabled or those even too young.

The first thing that happened was the air drops, containing military grade gear to arm civilians everywhere as not every has such easy access to guns. Among this equipment was one of those futuristic touch screen arm pads that you see in things like Ghost Recon or Black Ops 2, it had a map of the globe to show a large circle that got increasingly smaller every three months.

I never wanted to kill. While video games had manipulated me into my desensitisation to violence, I still wasn’t a violent person. Regardless, I was lucky enough to have my own one without many people around because I was way out in the country side you see, my family had owned a farm and a load of land. I had a slight amount of experience in firearms too, as my father owned an over-under shotgun that had been passed down through generations. 

Despite this I’m not a particularly strong person, so holding up a load of gear wasn’t exactly a choice that I had. Instead I had settled for a lighter load, an Ingram MAC-10 and a Dragunov SVD. Figured the rounds were quite common too so it’d help in the long run. 

America was the first to fall with guns being common there to begin with, and the first zone took mostly uninhabited places out but as it slowly closed in on the North of Europe people started dying to the toxic gas that was set off anyway to prevent people from hiding. London was chaotic. The events that took place there grip my soul so hard that even a word about it makes me want to end my existence. Suicide was already a popular option, what was the point in trying to live when you’re likely to catch a bullet anyway? However that wasn’t one for me as a promise lingers deep within my heart.

As I checked my weapons and ammo and glanced over the plane to see who was unfortunate enough to be in mine, a question quickly popped up in my head: “How is one person going to keep the human race alive?” 

Perhaps that was the plan anyway. To create the extinction of us. To rid the world of the disgrace that is humanity.

The medallion she gave me swung from my hand. “Give me the strength to fight another day. Please.” I begged into what remained of her. 

For once this is a game I don’t want to win and the sins I’ve committed to trying has become too much to bare.

(pls no bully me this is my first time actually doing one of these and I’m a terrible writer ok ty <3)