The Ancient One lay on his side, suffocating slowly, using the last of his once awesome power to maintain his body’s vital functions. He had long lost the ability to speak. Instead you would feel his presence in your mind. Filling you with his intentions, it was an intimate form of communication and he reserved it for only his most trusted followers. 

The Ancient One was from before all history began, he had watched over and guided our civilisations throughout for thousands of years. Of an ancient race, his physiology baffled all but the most powerful healers and botanists. All of whom had gathered to try and save the creature’s life. The botanists brewed potions the likes of which had never been seen. Using only the most exotic and expensive ingredients. The sorcerers cast healing spells but were thrown back by the Ancient One before they could have effect. Those which succeeded seemed to be detrimental and so, they left him alone. 

Scribes scoured the archives. It was law that all non discrete magic must be recorded, but the ancient one’s recorded magic was not of the greatest concern. It was his magic that predated even the concept of records that terrified the population. They knew they must cast another spell to purify the water in the high lakes or reinforce the south wall to the capital. But the spells he cast which may be the very foundation under their feet could be no longer. 

Their only hope as the Ancient One died and the kingdom paid its respects, was the tomb he had told them would open when his body became too damaged to live. 

The king himself rushed through the catacombs. The orbs of light throughout them having blinked out of existence. 

He read the only artefact contained in the tomb with quivering hands. It was a record, written only decades ago, that contained the legacy of the Ancient One. 

It read “I have bestowed upon the humans what once was impossible. They now may use my abilities themselves” 
—————————————————————————
First WP reply so go easy. The story didn’t go as I wanted it to but I guess that’s why I want to keep writing. (To get better) 
Thanks for reading and sorry for format 