Having once been human and majored in business, but was never able to be employed, I feel I have a good opportunity. Yes, the apocalypse has made things difficult for pretty much everybody but the zombies, but It's also created opportunities; aside from the total dismantling of human society, that is. For one, the advantages of being a Vampire have been pretty good. There are apparently different 'strains' of Vampires that are created at random when one is 'born' (so to speak) . Luckily I wasn't one of fools that got stuck with the power to 'sparkle in the sun'. The price is slightly high at being burnt in the sun (turning to Ash in too long of exposure), and being unable to cross 'running water' (Rivers, streams, & Oceans; water carried by pipes, ponds, lakes, and swamps don't count apparently) without exploding, and needing Blood somewhere within my diet to sustain myself, but the benefits are hard to pass up.

I get strength beyond what's capable for man, Speed that would make Usain Bolt jealous, the ability to create Gargoyles from stone sculptures, and the ability to make any living creature a 'Thrall'. A thrall, which I eventually learned, was an undead servant I create when biting without the intent to absorb the blood of sustenance, but using magic instead. Since becoming a Vampire, I've learned that I can use a bit of magic when I bite to create myself a helpful servant rather than simply absorbing blood for food. I can't do both at once, though. While I can make humans thralls (without giving them the effects of vampirism), but having recently been one myself, I'd prefer animals. Besides, between the choice of a human thrall or a bear, I'm going with the beast that was already a death machine and hard to kill before becoming undead.

I've discovered that I can somehow interpret what the few animal thralls I've sent out say when they report back to me. It depends on the creature, really. For example, every Squirrel I've used sounds like a New Yorker on helium. I'd use them more often, but they're not good against larger predators. Bears all have Russian accents; even the Panda Bears. I can't figure that out, but so long as they listen, I don't care. I can't use honey badgers, though. Not only are they difficult to understand (they sound like some combination of a man with a Gaelic and Japanese accent), but Honey Badgers listen to no one. I got one order out of it before it broke itself free and ran off. Nothing else has done that so far; I'd chalk it up as a weakness to honey badgers, but I feel that its more likely they just have a resistance to everything.

I've met a few other vampires with various powers and disadvantages. Being weak to Garlic, being unable to enter any Church or Holy area, exploding if pierced by a wooden stake (that sucks), having the ability to hypnotize living beings, the ability to turn into a bat, traveling through shadows, or the ability to create other Vampires (a very rare ability I've heard). I appreciate my power set, however. The ability to animate stone, concrete, or bronze sculptures (haven't been able to do it with other types, though) is very helpful and the ability to create Thralls is amazingly useful..

Most Vampires up until this point have been around since the Middle Ages; they may be aware of modern society, but can they profit from it? Can they set themselves up without screwing it up and dooming not only Humankind, our food source, but the undead as well?

Anyway, the humans are scarce. That Zombie virus, magic spell, alien beam, or whatever it is that did this, did it fast. I can benefit from this, but it will take time; patience. I do think it can work though.  The first point of order is to set up a system. I can make this work; I can make this so that not only will I, and later others, have a guaranteed  source of sustenance, but it will be a willing one.

I will find a group of humans in danger, heading for 'sanctuary'.  There's always some kind of rumor, legend, or gossip that tells of a 'sanctuary' in these situations. I just need to find a group on their way, but ready to give up hope. I will save them on the condition of an offering a blood at the end of each day; akin to that of a Blood Donation which I will call a 'Blood Tax'. Whether I bite them or they have it 'drawn' via needles exactly like donating blood is up to them (I'm not here to scare them, afterall). In exchange, they will be granted accommodations within my 'domain'. An area the size of a small town with a large mansion in the center to serve as my 'castle' and several smaller houses and buildings throughout; all of which is enclosed within stone walls topped every hundred yards by my personal Gargoyle thralls (that was a fun ability to take advantage of!).

Of course, humans can be greedy. Cocky. After a time, if they've perceived that the threat has passed, they may one day rise up and attempt to overthrow me. Humans have no way near the strength of Vampires and my planned blood tax isn't enough to weaken them (otherwise they wouldn't perceive this as a good idea), so I must limit the size of my sanctuary for them to a max of 20 humans. Any more than that would threaten my position. I don't plan to rule; if anything, I would offer to help so long as they don't spite me, but turning my back on them would be dangerous, so the limit is a necessity.

Now, this isn't to say I'll stop there. When the mindless hordes are too far to pose danger, I will leave them with a few vampiric Elks or something as some 'town guards', then go about and search for more humans to save. I'll establish more 'farm cities' and sell them to other Vampires as a sustainable, renewable source of food for the 'price' of 10% of whatever Blood Tax they charge their humans. This way, even among a sudden emergency within my area, I'll have reserves to fall back on; enough to reestablish elsewhere if necessary.

With that, I'll establish myself as both a safe vampire for humankind to reach out to in dangerous times, but also an important commodity for food among the Vampire community. I'll also keep a look out on areas that are more easily fortified. My 'town' is good now; especially with the Gargoyles acting as sentries, but nothing lasts forever. Backup plans will always be necessary; and who knows when some other Vampire screws up and inspires a human revolt after this whole zombie thing is over. I won't fall to something so stupid. I have no desire to rule, but I have no desire to perish either; that way of thinking alone should allow me to escape human uprising if the worst should happen.

Now, according to the reports of my friendly new thrall, Edgar the Raven, there's a couple of humans about to collapse a mile or two away as a group of the faster zombies seem to closing in. Let's see if the offer goes well with the first subjects....