It was the haunting moans that echoed through the house that finally gave away its presence.

"Bada booooo bada bing"

"What on Earth could that be?" I thought to myself as I reached for the flashlight that I kept under my bed in case of emergencies.

"Bada booooo bada bing"

"Did I leave the television on again," I asked as I made my way down the hall.  The sounds grew louder with each step I took.

"BADA BOOOOO BADA BING"

"If there is someone there, I'm armed," I yelled - trying my best to sound forceful as the only weapon I had was made not by Smith and Wesson, but rather by Coleman.  I slowly opened the door to my daughter's room.

"BADA BOOOOO BADA BING"

And then I saw it.  Orange skin, hair slicked back by a substance that looked like overused motor oil.  The thick gold chains around its neck glistened in the light and appeared to frame an overabundance of chest hair.  It wore a white button-down shirt that was unbuttoned nearly all the way down, as if to proudly show off some treasure. And then ... it saw me.

"Bada booooo....oh, how ya doin?" it asked in what was a clearly Jersey-ian accent.

"Who are you," I questioned, still unsure of who, or what, this was.

"The call me Fingers" the specter answered. "I'm here for the canolli.  Capiche?"

"We have none of that here," I replied. "I think you should go."

"No canolli, eh?"  The creature stood, and took a few steps toward me.  "Un - fuckin - believable.  You really need to fix that .. You know .. in case I ever come back, and yada-yada-yada.  I'd really hate to have to ... nah .. fugettaboutit"

Without warning there was a bright light, and the smell of cheap knock-off Cuban cigars and Aqua Velva filled the room.  When the light faded, I found myself alone.  I carefully checked the room to make sure there were no other beings there and, content in our safety, I made my way to the kitchen.  Since I was awake, I might as well grab a snack.

Unsure of what I wanted, I opened the fridge and scanned the contents.  There, on the bottom shelf, was a small box marked "Finger's Italian Deli and Desserts."  It contained only one item - a half-eaten canolli.