It is the summer of 2022, the second summer after a massive geo-engineering campaign to counter run-away climate change went horribly wrong. How could the scientists have guessed that the loss of massive glaciers over extinct volcanoes resulted in the land rebounding and filling the magma chambers from below? Actually, they should have known; it's not as if geologists hadn't warned them, but they could only guess at the probabilities, and none of them could offer a reliable forecast for when the eruptions would occur. The world, languishing in heat, couldn't wait, so the project proceeded. Nobody could have predicted so many eruptions in such a short time. The resulting eruptions in Greenland and Hokkaido following the international stratospheric reflective particle dispersion resulted in volcanic clouds over-darkening the sky. The sun, moon, and stars lost a third of their light. Some called it relief from the heat waves; others recognized it for what it was: [the Fourth trumpet of the Apocalpyse](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation+8%3A12-13&version=NIV). The cold and gloom of the virtual world wide nuclear winter had set in. The one thing the populace took solace in was the Comic Con. There, people could escape the doomed world to pretend, at least for a while, to live in a simpler world—the world of comics. And besides, the convention hall was one of the few places which could afford to be heated. The skimpy outfits which had become so popular in the hot years had, since the darkening, become extinct. Nobody went to the beaches anymore; the beaches of Haifa were polluted with plastic and dead stinking fish, making them a no-man's land. Girls in sexy cosplay outfits at Comic Con were one of the few places pubescent teen boys could oogle at women, and perhaps take their mind off of the reminders of the wrath of God around them.

Suddenly, appearing in the heavens was a mighty eagle, crying out, "*Woe! Woe! Woe to the inhabitants of the earth, because of the trumpet blasts about to be sounded by the other three angels!*"

. .. ... .. .

The Son of Man arises. The angelic choirs cease their song and prostrate themselves before Him.

"*Apollyon, My servant. Arise, for it is time.*

*These are the words of Him who is holy and true, who holds the key of David. What He opens no one can shut, and what He shuts no one can open:*

[*Blow the trumpet in Zion*](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Joel+2&version=NIV)*; sound the alarm on My holy hill.*

*Let all who live in the land tremble, for the day of YHWH is coming. It is close at hand—a day of darkness and gloom, a day of clouds and blackness. Like dawn spreading across the mountains a large and mighty army comes, such as never was in ancient times nor ever will be in ages to come.*

*Take this key. Release the Northern Horde, the mighty beasts prepared for this day. Command them not to harm the grass of the earth or any plant or tree, but only those people who did not have the seal of God on their foreheads. They are not allowed to kill them but only to torture them for five months with the stings of their tails. Now go! Blow* [*the fifth trumpet*](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation+9&version=NIV)*, and hasten the Day of YHWH!*"

A mighty seraph arises from the midst of the heavenly host.

"*Yes, my lord.*"

From the Son of Man, he takes hold of a mighty key of clear blue stone, graven by the finger of God, six feet long, ornate in figure, and etched with a divine curse— the commands for the Northern Horde, the locust-like beasts of old, whose tails bear stings which burn like the sting of a scorpion, the poison of which torments a man for five months. He remembers them. He personally ushered their larvae into their pupal state with a spell when he sealed them in the Abyss. They were hideous in appearance. The creatures looked like horses prepared for battle. On their heads they wore something like crowns of gold, and their faces resembled human faces. Their hair was like women’s hair, and their teeth were like lions’ teeth. They had breastplates like breastplates of iron, and the sound of their wings was like the thundering of many horses and chariots rushing into  battle.

Even he shudders as he reads the curse from the key, the curse which befalls those stung by the beasts—

"*During those days people will seek death but will not find it; they will long to die, but death will elude them*."

. .. ... .. .

An earth shattering trumpet blast was heard over the Haifa International Convention Center. A bright light, appearing as a meteor, becomes visible in the sky, falling at tremendous speed. It smashes through the ceiling of the main exhibition pavilion, decelerating and orienting itself upright before softly landing upon a stage in the main exhibition hall. The glowing thing unfurls to reveal a six winged seraph, frightening in its appearance. For a moment, the crowd is utterly aghast. So is the seraph.

"*I, APPOLYON, servant of the Lord of Hosts, the bearer of the key to the shaft of the bottomless pit, commander of the armies of the Northern Horde, adjure you in the Holy name of the LORD!: tell me why there is a gathering of a legion of fools, wretches, and whores upon the portal which I have been charged to unlock?!*"

The crowd erupts in applause and squealing and cheering.

"*SILENCE! Let all who live in the land tremble, for the day of the Lord is coming. It is close at hand—a day of darkness and gloom, a day of clouds and blackness..."*

Near the stage, someone shouts "Damn, this guy is good!" The crowd rushes in. Folks crowd around Apollyon and snap pictures. Apollyon raises his hand to smite, but he holds back; a few among them have the seal of God on their forehead. The Lord of Hosts would cast him out of heaven if he were to lay his hand against the Lord's elect. But so many of these convention goers are touching his key in admiration of its handiwork, and NOBODY is supposed to touch the key.

The flash of cameras and the cacophony are overwhelming. He is angry and confused. Apollyon shuts his eyes to perceive in the spirit.

He sees it. The keyway of the shaft of the bottomless pit is outside the exhibition hall. He marches out to the lobby, parting the clueless, squealing crowd with his six wings, and in the midst of the lines of people awaiting admission, Apollyon leaps, lifting the key as high as he can, he plunges the key into the fractured tile with all his angelic might, roaring so mightily that every pane of glass in the lobby shatters.

A massive hole opened up around him. Thick, noxious smoke rose from it like the smoke from a gigantic furnace. Pouring out of the wrecked lobby, the smoke rose and spread, and the sun and sky, already partially darkened, were blotted out by the smoke from the Abyss. For a moment, there was silence. The sick sounds of tens of thousands of leathery mucus filled pupae tearing open could be heard from the shaft. The Northern Horde rampaged out of the shaft, and began to sting everyone in sight. The wailing of despair and the groaning of agony of tens of thousands filled the air, only to be interrupted by violent coughing against the acrid smoke. One youth in the court yard, who had the seal of God on his forehead, stands shell-shocked by the sight, trembling in mortal terror. He locks eyes with the Apollyon, who walks toward him, the ground resounding with every step as the sick sound of painful anguish and wailing roared all around. Apollyon stoops down and whispers in the ear of the trembling child,

"[*A thousand may fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.*](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+91%3A7-16&version=NKJV) *Only with thine eyes shall you look, and see the reward of the wicked*."

And with that, he scoops the youth up, and delivers him to safety. 

. .. ... .. .

In a nearby club hall, packed with Comic Con attendees, the crowds are oblivious to all hell breaking loose outside. The DJ is blasting fast paced psytrance music by Infected Mushroom; the speakers are playing at full blast, and dancing has begun. A troop of cos-playing zombies begin to dance as the DJ transitioned to a remix of Michael Jackson's *Thriller*. Then, the doors to the hall burst open; hoards of tormented people, stung by the locusts of Apollyon's Northern Horde, stumble in, groaning in agony. Indeed, they seek death, but death eludes them. Many of them are mutilated from failed suicide attempts, doing anything they could to try to stop the pain. Mangled from having jumped from upper floors, bleeding from self-inflicted stab wounds, they find they cannot die; the divine curse prevents it. And who could tell they weren't zombies? They were the undying dead. With the strobe lights and the dancing crowds of the post convention after-party, nobody could tell their convulsions apart from dancing, nor their mangled appearances from the cos-play zombies. The dancers cheer, thinking that this year's convention has super high production value.

Apollyon rises upon his wings to observe from above, hiding himself in the the black cloud above the club. Closing his eyes, he begins perceiving in the spirit. He perceives multitudes of people strung out on drugs; the fornication of the revelers, unaware of their impending doom as his locusts climbed up the towers and through the windows to put them into torment. At least they would not die; in their torment, they would have five months to repent. He sheds a tear at the horror he had unleashed. He mutters to himself, "Truly, truly, it is a dreadful thing to fall into the hands of the living God." With the terrible saphire key in hand, he lifts off into the sky, phase-shifts back to the dark-matter plane of existence, and returns to Heaven.

The first woe is past; two other woes are yet to come.