It whispers to me, softly and sweetly, reminding me of the promise it makes.

Amazingly I discovered it at a garage sale after my neighbor died.  He was some kook who refused to leave his house since basically the 1940s, whittling away his father's fortune in a refusal to interact with the rest of the world.

When he finally kicked the bucket, his grand nephew sold nearly everything in the house, including the collection of swords and knives left over from World War two.  A little pile of Japanese steel that glinted and sparkled, despite the day being entirely overcast.

It called to me that day as it does now.

Whispering.

Yearning.

Promising.

Promising of a world torn apart by fire, divine and nuclear, all encompassing and devastating our planet.  When you hold the knife the world becomes very, very small, and a vision jerks you into the atmosphere, so far away you can see almost every inch of the earth bathed in flame.

*This is what awaits those who don't taste me,* it whispers.

Then the world becomes an Eden, a paradise of green and blue and health.  Vibrant and beautiful, an entire world of hope and glory.

*When a soul enters me,* it would speak softly, drowning out every thought and part of you, *I send them here.*

How much did I pay for that knife?  Ten, fifteen bucks?

Didn't matter.

Salvation is priceless, I would say.

Whatever they say about me now, I consider myself a shepherd of lost souls and a doomed planet.  It took them faster than I expected to plaster my face over their screens and windows, but nonetheless I refuse to turn myself in.

To doom more to the fire that is to come.

I park my car not too far from my intended target.  Already I can hear them, the light, cheery voices of youth echoing over the pavement.  

*Save the innocent,* the blade tells me.  *Spare them of the world to come.*

A woman sees me in the parking lot and says nothing, simply points and then sprints away.  It matters little, I will come for her when the time is right.

More shouts.  A bustle of activity, of locked doors and hurried calls.  

Little time.  There's little time to accomplish what I must do.

I make my way through halls and corridors, looking for the rooms containing the youngest of the children.

Why are they so afraid?

Don't they see?

Don't they see that their world is doomed and I have come to give them the release to a better one?  To save them from all this suffering and pain, and the oncoming holocaust of fire?

Flames lap at my heels, but I cannot see them.

I attempt to break down a door, but it holds fast.  Heavy in its weight and unyielding in strength.

Someone yells at me to stop.

A portly man in blue holds a weapon pointed at me, but no, no not those they won't save the children, they only send a soul to the twisting emptiness between worlds to howl into the dark.

I'll save the man, then.  I'll save them all.

I raise the knife and it yells, deafening in its command, that blood must spill and fill the blade, and I scream and charge.

Weights slam into me, though I hear nothing, the great buzzing and voice still speaking to me, overlapping in order and command.

Blood, hot and beautiful, clogs my throat.  I'm drowning, drowning in my own blood.

*Not here,* I think to myself, though it's distant and weak.  The buzzing of the knife's command overpowers any though, even those in service to the blade.

*I cannot drown here, cannot die here, there are so many left, so many left to the fire, I cannot stop now.*

Shouts.

More shouts around me, and the man stands over me, his face pale and white, sweat dripping down from his forehead.  A man who cannot believe what he has just done.

Darkness spreads from the corners of my eyes, obscuring my vision.  Cold.  Frozen to the ground, unable to move or speak or scream, I wait for the void.  It finds me, though it takes its time.

*It's him,* the man thinks to himself, inspecting the corpse he has just made.  *With that weird, long knife.*

Elementary school security officer one, psychotic serial killer zero.

*What the hell is that, what do you even call it?* the man thinks, looking at the blade lying limp in the dead man's hand.

Curved.

Vicious.

Sharp.

He inspects the blade, watching the man's blood pool beneath it.

*Pick me up,* a voice tells him.  It's soft and sweet.

*Pick me up,* the knife tells him.  Speaks to him.  Coos and woos him, seductively calling him from the deep dark blood of its previous wielder.

*We must continue our work.*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato