It was my freshman year of college. My roommate from Fall semester was gone, so it was just me when school started back up that spring. By February I still hadn't gotten a replacement, and I was pretty okay with that. 

I'd spend plenty of my cold snow filled days inside on my small purple futon, just small enough for one person to fit on and watch tv off the small laptop that settled in their lap. I'd munch smartfood popcorn and occasionally wish I had someone to talk to. 

I hadn't been great at making new friends, no one had told me about how hard that can be to do at first. I'd known all the same people my entire life, meeting new ones all by myself was not a skill I possessed... yet. 

It was the last week of February and the worst of the winter had settled in. We even lost power once, thank god I had candles even though they weren't allowed in the dorms. From my 10th floor window I'd drink coffee and do work, or watch movies. Going outside was a thing to avoid unless you fancied coming back in wet, freezing, and losing fingers. 

When my roommate moved out and her replacement never came, I turned her side of our shared closet into storage space. Boxes that would be easy to move if anyone new moved in, but also boxes that were finally out of my fucking way. I barely ever even needed to open them. 

Saturday was a day for laziness and soup, I'd decided. Spring was coming and damn was I ready for it, the cold and I had never hung out alone quite this long. I took my morning shower and made some hot tea in hopes of offsetting the cold I knew was coming my way. 

Settling into my usual space in the futon, I queued next on "My List" on Netflix. It was then that I saw a letter slide out from under the closet door.

Without thinking I continued what I was doing, like I hadn't seen anything. Peripheral vision is a great commodity. I thanked myself then for having taken martial arts when I was younger, for having the common knowledge not to do exactly what someone would do in a horror movie... I hoped. 

I assessed.

People were close by, and a glance at my door told me that it was unlocked. There was no way anyone was out on a day with weather as bad as this, everyone was close by cuddled up watching movies. I'd seen plenty of them around that morning. People could get to me relatively quickly if I made enough noise, that was a little calming. 

The letter looked as non threatening as a letter that came through your closet door possibly could. I didn't recognize it, that was for sure. It had fancy lettering and some sort of intricate design on the front. The entire thing looked done by hand. 

The artist in me was dying to read it. 

As casually as I could, I got up and went to my door, propping it open with three of my heaviest textbooks. I was counting on Astrology, Chemistry and Anthropology to keep me safe while I did something potentially very stupid. 

I walked over, bent down, and picked up the letter. 

The design was stunning, with an attention to detail I'd only ever met once before, on shrooms. The front lettering was gold and green, surrounded by some sort of braided floral system that bloomed into 2D flowers of different sized and variations. 

"Welcome Back" it read. 

Flipping it over I could feel the weight of it, there was actual parchment in here. It was sealed with a wax stamp, the impression of a sort of swirl pressed into it, the letters PRTL stamped into the bottom of the image. 

Breathing it open, praying I didn't tear it or ruin the seal, I sat down on the futon again. I was in for something now, I thought. This was the sort of thing I'd dreamed of happening to me my whole life, if it was what I thought it might be. 

"Cadence, 

It is with both happiness and sorrow that we extend this letter to you at such a late time in your life. It has come to our attention that we, who have been in need of you since you left, might actually be able to assist you at a dire time in your adult life. This situation does not come up often, so we are attempting to seize what opportunities we can before it is to late. 

Please forgive us for the intrusion. 

It is unfortunate, the ramifications of adulthood on the imagination, something that must be fine tuned to visit our realm again without dire consequences. Although we believe your creativity has been somewhat... repressed for some time now, we have every belief it will not be a difficult rehabilitation process based off of your particular background. 

You are at a time in your life where you need to learn who you are, where you need to learn how to open up again. We are a realm that exists primarily in the minds of children, although to some we can reach out well into their adult life and some even into great old age, and we need your help to survive. 

We hope you remember us, and that without indulging too much you might understand. 

If you have further questions, which we hope you do, please contact us via the Closet Door in room 1005 of King Hall - Old Roommates Side. 

Sincerely, 

The Imaginary World Council"

The letter fell from my hand. Dramatic, I thought. Not the letter. Me, I mean. I couldn't believe it was possible, that all of the make believe from my childhood, the stuff I always thought felt the realist, might have actually been just that. It was obvious, stupid or not, I was writing back. 