"Go to Periscope depth, Mr. Clark." Captain Fife stood in the center of the bridge in his dress uniform with no cap. As he felt the boat shift in ascension he looked down and sighed at the pallor of his hand. He was not alone, the crew as a whole had taken to the pale or light green. Even after so many years had passed, he and the crew had appeared as though they were drowned corpses that had never bloated. He Mr. Clark, his commander, step away from the bank of gray gauges and note, "Periscope depth, sir." His voice was calm as he spoke. The last sense of hurrah or excitement was 74 years ago. Now it was the calm speech between two eternal sailors.

"Quite a roll out there," Fife noted, "Storm out tonight?"

"Been storming all week, sir," Clark replied.

Fife grabbed the handles and leaned forward, his head rested against the black rubber side as he swiveled the periscope a full 360. The boat's trim lifted upwards as the underwater craft was tossed and bobbed amongst the dark swells of mother ocean. Her Majesty, the Bitch Queen! As Fife liked to think to himself. A tight frown was on his face as he saw a set of running lights pierce the veil of rain. Another ship floundered near them. It was the third ship that he spied, his teeth clenched in a rage.

"I see her!" He drew back from the scope and looked at Clark, "We found her again!"

The her he had seen appeared as a wooden schooner with broken masts and missing sails. At a distance, she appeared as a waterlogged boat with an overgrowth of seaweed wrapped on her foredeck and prow, right up to the very tip. But Fife had seen through her guises and those tricks. He saw her as she was now on the surface. The 'seaweed' that had wrapped itself around sprung as tentacles to grip the side of the metal ship. The victim vessel listed on its side as the wooden ship's vines drew them closer in a death's embrace.

"Bring the boat around. Tell fire control to load four into the tubes." The Captain said.

"She may be attacking an enemy ship, sir," Clark said.

"Bring her about! Set the tubes with charges. I don't give a damn if she's throttling the Bismark. She's there, and I'll see her plummet to hell!" Fife snapped the handles closed and pushed the periscope back up. He turned forward as if he could see beyond the dark gray walls and into the blackened sea that his boat plunged into. The roll of the waves tapered off as they dove. His composed state had shifted to that a determined glare. He took unneeded breaths as the boat coasted and turned wide. His only indications of the movement were that of compass needles and diodes, he felt little movement as he stood there.

"Do we still have her, Mr. Malmstien?" He turned to ask a blonde haired man dressed in service whites. The once bright white uniform Malmsteen wore had dulled to gray with small patches of black. A reminder of their unique condition, "I still have her, captain. We will be in range now."

"Fire control?" Fife fought to not tap his foot. Patience. A man below needed it to conduct his warfare. If the U.S. needed him to be rash they would have sent him into the army. If he had been in the army, Fife thought, Her Majesty might not have kept him as she kept him now. A member of the undead, an eternal sailor.

"We're in range, sir. On your signal."

"Ever since she drowned us with those tentacles of hers, I have waited for this day." The Captain said, "What was her name? The ship, I mean."

Clark replied, his voice remained calm unlike the Captain's, "The Dane, Sir. She's the Elizabeth Dane."

The Captain nodded and said, "Time to see her off, then. Fire Control... loose!"

The boat shook as fire control announced, "Tubes numbers 1 and 2 are away." There was a second shudder within the boat, the whirl of bubbles as propellers took over from the initial blow out, "3 and 4 are away. They are closing on target."

"I'll see her to the bottom. God's wounds! I swear it!" The captain grabbed the chrome rail near him as a distant shock gripped the craft.

"Target hit, sir. It looks like second has struck. Three and four are still closing."

"Take us to surface. Commander, you have the bridge. Tell the chief to issue weapons and assemble detail on the surface deck." Fife had made his way towards the ladder.

"Aye, sir." The Commander replied. Clark gripped the chrome rail as the boat was rolled again by the sea.

The world of the surface was lit by flame as the dark gray submarine emerged from the waters and cruised at a distance. Rain pelted the bare crown of Fife as he took hold of the lead and walked towards the prow. The distant ship that the Dane had tried to devour with her tendrils had pulled away and moved at speed to get away. As the Dane was broken, so too did the seas calm, for a time the destruction, he reasoned, the destruction had satisfied her Majesty. He was joined by another sailor who had lifted a set of binoculars to his eyes and said, "The ship she was attacking. I'm seeing a British flag, Sir."

"Well, I guess I should count my blessings we helped out a friend, shouldn't I?" Fife asked aloud. He turned to see several sailors climb the hatch entryway and make their way on deck. Several carried rifles or pistols, it required two men to hoist the machine gun with its tripod. The Captain reached his hand and said, "My belt, please."

He was handed his pistol belt as the first cry came from the conning tower, "I see them in the water!"

He turned to the eldritch green that had flared in the water. At times he could see them, dark green or off-gray as they bobbed in the water. The damned who served the Dane. Their vine covered hands reached and their clawed feet kicked as they made for they made for Fife's boat.

The Captain lifted his head, his hand touched the butt of his pistol. "Perhaps tonight our watch will finally end, men. We will join our brothers in the bosom of the sea. But tonight, it's to the death!" He drew his pistol in a smooth action and aimed at the first skeletal sailor who clawed its way up towards him.