 


I was just in the office, trying to look busy while actually browsing Reddit on one screen and watching the last official game play trailer for cyberpunk 2077 on the other screen one more time.

Finally, today is releasedate, I'll leave in 40 minutes, 50 to get home. I'll buy some beer on the way. Than I'll download 44 gigs of awesomeness and I have the whole weekend to play. Happiness.


My logical thinking set in: I won't do any more work today anyway,. I should just go early. ...yes I will do that, its Friday. No one cares anyway. I started to smile.   


Suddenly a number appeared in my field of view.

"7.777.777.777 players joined". I blinked, confused.  "Match starting in 60, 59, 58..." I blinked again.

"Your Squad: Franz Haas, Julia Berg and Keanu Charles Reeves.

Be the team to survive in Vienna. Circle will close to District: Kaisermühlen."


I was very confused on multiple levels. What is this, some weird Japanese game show, starring Keanu? A elaborate prank by my co workers for me hating on the Battleroyal Gerne?


I started to feel weird. My body felt strangely numb. I looked around. One of my colleagues actually looked like he's panickly rubberbanding thru the room. I blinked again. I looked on the phone on my desk. I failed doing that. I looked again. This time it worked. It showed a map with 3 markers in Vienna. I tried to pick the phone up. I missed. I tried again. The phone was suddenly in my hand. I wanted to move out of my cubicle but somehow I climbed on my desk. I couldn't stop this or do anything else. Standing on my desk I looked in the fearful eyes of my co-worker next to me, who also crouched confused on her cubicle. She yelled at me: "Seids es dappad!? Habt's es ma an Haschisch in Kuchen gmischt!?"


I couldn't hear what she sayed next. All I could hear was a deep hum. A blue wall appeared, behind me, very slowly crawling towards me. I tried to get down of my desk. Why does my body feel so slow and useless? Some one touched the blue field and cried out in pain. As a result: Everyone tried to panickly leave the office at once, a fight broke out at the gate. Idiots. Whatever this turns out to be, I know what I needed to do. I ever so slowly grabbed my backpack and steered my useless body into the blue zone to get all the medkits from the kitchen.
