I ran a bath last week. My wife had bought me two bath bombs, one blue and one red. I had dropped both in - purple was the colour of Roman aristocracy and that's what I told my wife. Really I just wanted to see if they would react with one another, perhaps double the foam. Think of it. DOUBLE.

I left the room to answer the phone and when I returned, my bath was utterly ruined. Water had flooded out onto the floor and the purple water had been flung unceremoniously around the room - every tile shimmered with the regal liquid. In my bath, a shark flailed. The smell of sulfur, burnt wood and, oddly, popcorn filled the room.. I stood at the door a moment, naked and still, before sighing. You win this one.

The water cooler at work was a disaster. The swimming pool a massacre. The hot tub at my cousin's barbeque was like a porno version of jaws. A limestone quarry nearby had flooded and a builder lost his arm. I could not rid myself of this damn shark. Until one evening. One... glorious... evening.

My wife sat across from me in the Boar's Head. A small pub at the end of our road. We knew the landlady, Sheila, and she knew of my plight. We had worked out a foolproof system. One glass of water, one pint of lager. The former for the shark, the latter for me. We would tap the glass as Shaun (we thought Shaun was a nice name, Shaun the Shark. A close second was Finny Jones) gnashed his adorable little teeth. My wife had gotten up to go to the bathroom when a thought suddenly occurred to me. For a moment, I was Zarathustra. I looked down at the water, then the pint, then the water, then the pint. How had this passed me by!? How had I been so blind for so long!? Even Shaun stopped gnashing, something was amiss.

I tipped the glass of water out onto the floor, Sheila nearly threw a glass at me but I held up my hand and she knew something was going on. She came around the bar and watched the expression of my genius, my shining moment. I lifted him up by his tail, and dunked him, face first, into the lager. I let go and Shaun began to thrash around, the gnashing had intensified, but then a wave of calm washed over him. A sudden moment of realisation, I could see it. For the first time, he looked at me. Those two, blood red, burning eyes looked right at me, and he swam up to the edge of the glass, placing his fins on the side and he spoke.

"My name is Alice you fucking idiot!", she screeched.