“What in my Holy name have you done to me?!”

I sighed. I knew this moment was coming. Not from omniscience, I had done away with such a broad concept already. With a snap of my fingers, I cast my form down to the mortal plane, into the tiny studio apartment I had dropped the...previous management in after he gave me the keys.

“Technically, it's my Holy name, now. But don't worry. Gary is a good, strong name. It suits you.” The mortal man, formerly known as God, sent me a withering glare, and had he still had the power to smite me, I feel he would have skipped right over Hell and simply eradicated my soul from existence. “What are you complaining about. I've given you the chance to fully experience your creation. I could have made you a bed-pan. But I digress. You start your new job flipping burgers in an hour. Best not to be late.”

“You backstabbing piece of sh-mmmph” his curse was cut short as with a snap of my fingers his face no longer possessed a mouth.

“I did exactly what I said I would do. I'm fixing all the problems in the universe. And by my count-” an hourglass suddenly appeared between us, only a few grains of sand having fallen since the last time 'Gary' had seen it. “I still have about twenty-three hours and forty-five minutes left. Of course, that was our original bargain. Since I am God now, the rules don't really apply to me, so I never really have to hand things back over. What was it you said when you first called me on my complaints? That 'God makes the rules' and mortals 'don't get to question them. Well, now I'm God, so no questions.” 

Another snap and his mouth returned. “But it's already been twenty hours. And how is forcing me to be a fry-cook solve the problems of the universe?” I chuckled a bit, earning another glare from the former diety.

“Your, or rather, My realm exist outside of time. So as long as I stayed there, I've been free to make preparations without worrying about the time limit. And you won't be a fry-cook long. I'm going to start small and fix the Earth's problems first. And once I remove all belief in gods from history, the timeline will change. I'll be sure to have you retain your memories, of course.”

Upon those words, I thought Gary was about to have a heart attack. But before he could argue, I held up my hand for a snap, warning him. “Without the concept of God, and with a little push in the right direction, I can advance civilization by a few thousand years at least. The dark ages alone robbed mankind of centuries of development. Not to mention we get rid of religious wars, honor killing, many flavors of racism and sexism. Your narcissistic need to be known and worshiped is the PRIMARY cause of all of Earth's problems...We'll start by getting rid of that whole 'Adam and Eve' crap. You created life that can adapt and evolve and then you lie about the origins of man...multiple, different lies to multiple religions? Really?”

“They needed to prove their faith in me,” Gary growled. “It was the best way I could think of to test that faith than by having them prove it in comparison to others.”

“Oh, that's another thing. Just as you've whispered your praises into the ears of your fanatics, I'll make certain people understand that faith is not a virtue, and that 'I don't know,' is an acceptable answer. Don't want people inventing new religions by questioning death and the afterlife.”

“And Heaven and Hell? What criteria will you use to decide where Souls go when they die.”

“Not yours, that's for sure. Nor will they go without some severe rule changes and remodeling. You promise a paradise in Heaven, when really, it's your idea of a paradise. Everyone eternally worshiping you. Have I called you a narcissist yet?” Before he could answer, I continued. “Anyway, I've been talking with Lucifer, and we're coming up with a more comprehensive, objective set of rules. Are you aware you send good people to Hell for not worshiping you in your exact favorite manner? And allow the most horrible human beings into Heaven simply for accepting you as their Lord? What kind of a dumb system is that?”

“A good one!” Gary shouted. “Who are you to-mmmmph”

“I'm God, that's who,” I replied, once more pulling the mouth from his face. “Now shush. I'll work out the rest of the universe in a bit. But for now, I'm off to wipe all belief in you from the time-stream.”

And with a snap, Gary was left alone. Screaming in rage. Strings of curses spewing from his mouth. Suddenly a ripple seemed to pass through the air, and his new, tiny apartment expanded, altered itself. Filled with wondrous technology that in an instant, Gary was gifted the knowledge to use. Running to the window in a panic, he was dumbstruck at the alien-sky above, at the strange architecture, at the layers of lanes which small metal pods seemed to zoom through. “Cars?” he thought, hating that he knew that. Pulling out his new wallet, he removed his ID.

“Gary Jacobson. 3131 industrial way, apartment 42, Alistar City, Mars.” He blinked as he looked at the Print date on the ID. June 3rd, 2017? Rushing to his computer, it started as soon as he sat down, a small hologram woman dressed as a secretary appearing. 

“Welcome, Gary,” the AI said. “What can I do for you today?”

“How many planets have been colonized by Earth?”

“Currently, the Allied Earth Empire consists of 48 planetary states, 22 embassies on planets controlled by non-human species, and 3 Penal colonies.” Now Gary was beginning to hyperventilate. That little shit couldn't have done all this just by removing Him from time, could he?”

“Search God.”

“I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.”

“Search Religion.”

“I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.” 

Again and again, he tried, but it was true. Every word, every monument, every grand gesture to his greatness by his creation was gone. And for the first time, the former God felt...small. He hated it. And he wasn't going to stay. He was thankful that his kitchen still possessed utensils for cooking. And with his knife, he took the mortal life his successor cursed him with.

X-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x

“Here already? Well, I lost a bet,” Gary glared at the Angel, sitting behind the desk, going over his record.

“I want to speak to Christopher, now,” he growled.

“I'm sorry, God is in a meeting, and I'm not gonna muck up my performance review by letting you barge in and make a scene.”

“I. Am. God!” Gary shouted, but the Angel just rolled his eyes.

“You. Were. God.” he replied, adjusting his tie. It was then Gary noticed how impeccably dressed the Angel was. “And good thing you aren't anymore. I couldn't say it when you were the boss, but you have no management skills. Now please calm down so I can sort your paperwork out. Strictly speaking, there is some confusion due to God undoing your messes with a temporal correction, but it doesn't look good for you. Rules are, we've gotta judge you by your actions, and alternate timeline or not, you still incited wars, death, rape, associated with known pedophiles and murderers.”

“But, but...”

“Ah, here we are. We use a special algorithm now to sort souls, using the Criteria set forth by God and Lucifer. Pure, objective data, no playing favorites or spiting others. According to this, you have to serve...wow...43,870 in Hell. And your file has been flagged by Lucifer.”

“Which means?”

“Which means Lucifer will review your case and determine which punishment to deliver. You're just lucky he and God eliminated the whole 'Eternal' thing from Hell. Wasn't very fair, infinite punishment for finite 'sins' and all that.” Gary was near tears now, but no less furious.

“It was fair because I said it was fair!” he choked out.

“I was beginning to wonder when Mr. Ego would show up,” Gary whipped his head around to see Lucifer and Myself--- or God, as I'm now was called --- enter the Angel's office. With a snap of his fingers, Lucifer had Gary's hands bound behind his back and the former King of All was rendered weightless, floating toward his child.

“Lunch this Thursday, Lew?” I asked, waving to the damned Gary.

“Sure,” Lucifer replied. “But I get to pick the place this time.” And with a crack, they were gone. Eyeing the nervous looking angel, Christopher gave a comforting smile. And all was right with the world.