"Hey, plug your ears and close your eyes"

"What?" I had to lean in to hear him over my disbelief.

"Plug your ears....... And close your eyes"

He was a brash guy, but he had never pulled anything like this before. We had been dating for six months. And in all that time he had never once pulled something so random.

"What are you talking about" I said. I looked around a little self consciously then let my gaze fall back on him. "Baby, I don't understand."

"Well maybe  this will clear it up for you. In thirty seconds something will walk through that door. It will kill everything in this room. Now please for my sake. Tell me---that you will not open your eyes or unplug your ears for as long as it takes."

I looked at him not fully understanding what it was he was telling me. In all the time I had known him or his family nothing could have ever prepared me for this. The closest I had ever come to being scared away was an "incident" with his parents about four months ago. I had brushed it off as normal family weirdness.

"Is this a joke?"

"Honey" there was desperation in his eyes as he talked faster, looking to the entrance of the restaurant and back to me as he spoke "I love you, I'm sorry it had to come to this"

The wind had picked up outside, the sky was smooth and Gray. I saw a single drop of rain traveling horizontally. It came from just over the horizon and landed on Luigis entrance. Another drop. Another. I heard her before I saw her. One step. One drop...one more drop. One more step. I felt it in the pit of my stomach.

My boyfriend was yelling now. He was yelling for me to take cover. To seal every hole in my body that was capable perceiving. He was screaming. Spit and desperation. He could not drown out the sound of thousands of rain drops coming horizontally from the west.

Whhhhuummmppppp! 

All the glass in Luigis shattered.

No one was screaming. Everyone was carrying on as if nothing had happened. Glasses clinked. Mouths gulped. Napkins patted dry the lips of the damned. They were smiling. They were dead. They didn't even know it.

She stood in front of Nathan. My lover. Space around me compressed warping my hearing to high pitched screech. They locked eyes.

A chain about six inches around and fashioned from titanium wrapped around her neck, her shoulder, her forearm. It dangled down to the floor. At the end was a three foot scythe blade. Inscribed in the blade were the words 'anathema'.


WHHUUMMMP!

The blade swung behind her in a perfect around the world yoyo like move and ended with the blade splitting my Nathan in two.


Fuck this.

I could not move.

"Why me" I thought. 

"Because I'm his wife you stupid mammal" 
She said this to me telepathically. 

Suddenly it all made sense:
 "The incident",

 This interdimensional wife succubus type thing, 

the mafia, 

his hatred of democrats. 

Whuuummmpphhh! 

(I'm writing this at work on a cellphone sorry for the inconsistencies and what not.) 



