Well let me just tell you. There is no God. There is no Devil. No good and evil. It's all about Hank. That's me.

The closest thing to truth is Ying and Yang, as in balance. Really, truly, the world is all different shades of grey. Have you ever seen pure white? I'd bet money you've never seen pure black because the closest thing to it was Vantablack. That asshole who invented it patented it, so actually I know you haven't seen it in real life. That was my idea by the way, to patent it. 

That's my job, be a dick. But it's also my job to be benevolent. I'm in your life 24/7. Those who don't believe in a higher power call me destiny or fate. Really I'm more like karma. You gave the rest of your lunch to that homeless guy? Alright well, how about I let you look fucking phenomenal for the rest of the week. Did I see you make that back hand comment to your friend? (of course I did, I see everything, that was rhetorical) Welp, I guess you're not sleeping tonight.

The reason, though, that a lot of people aren't huge fans of me lies in the stuff I do that's not karma. Part of my job is to fuck people over. So even though you raise your kids well and provide for them as a hard worker, I gotta let you go. You're fired. It's harsh but that's all a part of the balance kid. It's time for some other poor soul to take over what once was yours. But I'm also benevolent. You see, that poor soul who stole your job also did a lot of not so great things. He's cheated, he's stolen (and more than just your livelihood I mean). He's someone many people would say doesn't deserve a second chance at life. But consider this; now that he has a stable job he can earn his wage and go home happy to a family that's no longer starving. Maybe he'll never cheat or steal again. I don't know, neither do you. You see? You get it? Tough luck. This wouldn't be reality if it were any other way. 

Now before you go hating dear old Hank let me tell you this. Yes I have the power of balance, the power to give or take. A lot of times the stuff I do isn't fair; life isn't fair. I know that, you know that. (At least I hope you do for your own sake.) There's more to life and the world then anything, or anyone, can know. I don't pretend to. That's why humans turn to religion with no practical or logical evidence to back up what they believe. I'm not saying it's bad, a lot of people would be more like that poor soul if they didn't have religion. But in reality there's nothing more there. Just me. And I have no idea where you go when you die, if anywhere.

My point is, we need unfairness to achieve balance. Most good deeds will be rewarded just like most bad deeds are punished. But not always. I will fuck you over. That's what keeps humanity the way it is. And we wouldn't want that to change too much would we?