"WHAT?!"

Sir, i couldn't believe it either. But come! We managed to figure out how to play it! 

You have? Splendid! The two creatures padded down the hallway on their stubby 'legs' -- the low gravity on their homeworld had left their morphology more similar to a balloon's than an animal's. They'd run into this type of miniature probe all the time, picking up an anomalous density of metal elements during their transit through interstellar space. Usually, they were just junk, the shattered husks of the countless other civilizations that had extinguished before reaching the stars. This one, however, had something else; a trace amount of Polonium radiation! The find had excited Blik so much that he'd immediately halted their mission to scan the far more distant lambda quadrant.

Curious, though, as this little probe had found its way out to one of the least-charted sectors, only first mapped fifty cycles ago. In the 3-billion-year history of the Blurgal race, it was a blink in time, but surely nobody could have missed this... _irradiated_ relic!

You see, there exists a demarcation point, before which a reach for the stars might only be the last fledgling hope of a dying race. Those civilizations accounted for most of these relics, usually basic capsules containing a few of their dead, and seldom a few scattered trinkets. Precious metals had often found their way under their scanners' noses, making them valuable to a few lucrative rogue freighters wanting to hunt down a quick sale. Working for the Federation, however, lends itself to a much more reliable salary... and conservation work is certainly important.

The two creatures approached the hold, and as they passed through the airlock they felt the artificial gravity shift. They rotated expertly and adhered their feet to the wall, the nanofibers they'd evolved on their appendages made gripping any surface trivial. Glep motioned to the alien object, laying in a husk on its side. Its components had already been stripped, and lay neatly organized on a nearby grav-desk, suspended in perfect alignment. The thermoisotope generator radiated a dim warmth, but otherwise the clacking on input panels is all that could be heard. Chief Scientist Glek stood huddled over a console, which was the only source of light in the room. 

"We scanned the surface of this disc using a microscope and it revealed a series of rhythmic grooves. Odd, but they seem to represent acoustic patterns! I've managed to isolate the rings from each other..." she furrowed her brow, concentrating, as the input-tapping slowed down. After a few line commands, the system chirped approvingly. "...got it! I've fed it to one of our learning algorithms, it's given us the best approximation of the source material."

Blik farted happily, barely able to conceal his glee. "An irradiated civ with _music!_ ". How lucky they were, he realized, that they might have the chance to meet a new inductee into the Federation! "I cannot withhold my glee, Glek, do you realize what this means for us? For the Federation?" "I know!", she tooted excitedly in reply. "The Federation hasn't inducted a new race in over ten thousand cycles!". 

She tapped one more button, and the sound began to play. And almost instinctively, their float bladders contracted abruptly, lowering them a few inches towards the deck. The Blarghian equivalent of an annoyed gasp.

They could hardly believe their auditory receptors. They'd spent their teenage years shitposting on the u-net, enjoying memes that spanned their entire home galaxy. The drumbeat led immediately into the opening synth melody, and Glek had to pause the playback. For almost ten entire sub-cycles, the two laughed until they were almost completely deflated. "THEY HAVE MEMES TOO! I can't believe we just got _rick-rolled_ by a rad-civ! Wait until Mlek hears about this!", Glek wheezed, trying to reinflate herself all the while. 

"This is absolutely _amazing_ I can't believe it, WOW", replied Blik, equally outgassed and writhing his appendages. "I'm not even mad, that's amazing", said Glek sarcastically, which had Blik rolling once more. "I can't wait to meet these guys we're going to have the best first contact _ever_ ! Wait, let me take a snap of it, I want to post this on my Blurg!" He raised his communicator, and waved his tentacle in a gesture meant to simulate recording. The pad bleeped, and he tapped the button to uplink it to his space on the B-net. 

"Quick! Get the Core to calculate a vector on this probe, what solar systems match its current position? We'll need to simulat-"

"simulate the vectors of every object in the local group of the galaxy, and gravitational influences for the past few billion cycles", the Core cut her off, "Way ahead of you, Chief Glek", came a computerized voice from a loudspeaker mounted on the panel. "I'm already finished. The probe was launched from the gravity well of a Red Giant, previously described in u-net journals 300 Million cycles ago, it was assumed that a red giant of that age would have extinguished any civilization that hadn't yet achieved Type 3." 

"We stopped looking...", Glek trailed off. "A Red Giant. What an awful way to go extinct, their planet's genesis event must have been far too late. Core!" the construct replied immediately "The approximate launch date, yes? Still ahead of you, you know..." Glek sighed, a slow expulsion of air that must have registered on the microphones. 

"Something filling your bladders?", the Core borrowed an ancient Blarghian idiom. "I'm just glad you constructs developed humble-bragging, or you would have exterminated us like the Beta-Halcyons'. "I totally could, you know, it would be, like, super easy", she replied, in a menacing tone. Glek huffed and muted the speakers. The construct was absolutely right, it could totally do it. Just for fun. 

"Surely, if they're _irradiated_ they must have gotten off their homeworld. I mean, there's a chance they moved to the next star over, right?"

"There's always... hope", replied the Core.

"Take us there", said Blik, "For the memes."

The ship winked out of existence...

...and reappeared immediately, a safe distance in orbit from the enormous star. Immediately, a system of ten planets appeared before them. "Why aren't you hilighting the outermost two?", Glek queried. "Dwarf Planets don't count, Glek, why wouldn't they just be called "Planets" then. The modifier makes that impossible" Blik wheezed, and with exaggerated, sarcastic motions hilighted the final two objects. "See? Just Ice. Dwarf Planets..."

The Core interrupted their banter. "On the third planet! Surface irregularities in inorganic patterns. Settlements! Scanners have picked up liquid water, isotopic elements. Nothing in the electromagnetic spectrum, no radio waves, trace amounts of local irradiation. Just dust and echoes. Signs of uncontrolled thermonuclear activity. It seems the atmosphere has mostly dissipated."

The construct continued speaking, analyzing the planet while simultaneously communicating her discoveries. 

"Wait! Detecting an object in orbit... it just came into view. The chemical signature matches the probe we found! Imaging now..." 

A large metal structure came into view, formed of girders, shattered photovoltaic panels, and cylindrical modular capsules. The structure was in severe disrepair, with no single compartment seemingly able to maintain an atmosphere. Debris floated in a massive butt several kilometers wide, residual sections from high-velocity impacts. Glek zoomed out the view. 

"Increasing resolution... there! Artificial satellites, orbital height and inclination approximates perfect geostationary orbit." Blik whistled... 

"If they could orbit that precisely, do you think...?" Glek asked the question they both knew the answer to. 

"I've seen this before. They discovered nuclear energy, and without being able to harness its might, were crushed by it..."

"At least they didn't get Red-Dwarfed, that would just be _horrible_ ", Blik finished. "Yeah, but to think they were so close... Good memes though", Glek concluded. 

"Very good. Well, it's time to start cataloging, even a dead rad-civ is a treasure trove. Hey, maybe we'll find a rover or two!" 

"It's SO depressing when you find a rover, that's when you realize they were _so close_ ". 

Glek hoped she would one day find a rad-civ that had survived. The ultimate success would be to find an uncontacted civilization and show them all the spicy intergalactic memes. For now, though, she pulled up her Blurg and appended her original post, it read:

_Found a rad-civ orbiting a red dwarf, can't wait to see how fucked they are LOL it might be a good day at work today!!_

_edit: nvm they nuked themselves :(_



 