Hi, me

Hello, me

What language am I speaking? 

Your speaking English mate, it’s a future language and it’s being used so people on writing prompts can visualise your perspective.

Oh I see. What’s writing prompts?

Well it’s a part of this website called reddit, which is part of the Internet which is. Anyways I am you and I’ve come to tell you that you are everything and nothing.

How can this be this case?

The bits and pieces that make up you, your atoms, are just in quantum superposition. Everywhere and no were at once, all of spacetime simultaneously. It’s shrodingers cat but you.

So what am I? What perspective am I seeing from?

A high frequency vibration of nothing, me. You never existed, just as this conversation doesn’t actually exist or the person writing it. Your seeing from the perspective of him right now.

I see. So what am I experiencing right now, me?

Ego death, you are in the middle of it and are seeing from all perspectives right now. This is a normal mushroom trip that many of your friends have already seen, they just can’t remeber. This is just one specific part of ego death, that we all experience. 

Fuck I shouldn’t have eaten these, too meta 

It’s okay, me. Time doesn’t exist, me. Life and death are an illusion. Conciousness is a never beggining nor ending cycle in which you will rebirth into everything else including yourself, all possible realities and everyone else’s, all at once forever. This makes us all one organism. All the same. You’ve already been doing this forever. We have already had this conversation and infinite amount of times, as has everyone.

Oh I understand.

You’re also just an experession of conciousness in another reality on a piece of text. All realities are true. 

So this writing prompt says I’m the smartest being ever right? 

Well you are, it’s just that we are all one being so you don’t have any competition lmao. 

Am I going to remeber any of this?

Fuck no, me it’s in English you silly silly me. You speak ooga booga.

I need a fucking nap after all of this.

You’ll get your nap me, just ride out the wave.








