Daniel checked his watch. "C'mon." Although the grocery aisle was cool with the constant draft of refrigeration, he still sweat with the heat from the swelling sun outside. 
"Geez," he groaned and pulled his shirt collar with his forefinger. Why was it so hot? Why did he have to wear a button-down?
Daniel knew he must hurry: by now, the booth had probably sold the last watermelon, the fairgrounds were a decent distance down the highway, and the other volunteers would wonder what was taking so long.
"Assistance needed. Grocery." The loudspeaker garbled through the supermarket. Daniel paced impatiently in front of the wall of watermelon, his cart empty, perspiration bleeding through the back of his shirt. 
"C'mon, c'mon..." 
Finally, at the end of his patience, Daniel grabbed a watermelon and placed it in the corner of the shopping cart. "One," he said."
"Two," he said. He placed another. "Three," and he placed another and another and another. Daniel could feel the blood in his face, the pulse in his toes.
"Twelve,
"Twenty," he struggled to breath. The melons were naturally forming an oblong pyramid of green. "Twenty-one," he gasped for air. As Daniel loaded the last few melons, a teenage attendant circled the corner.
"Oh, hey there, friend. Need any help?"
"No."
"Are you sure?"
"I got it," Daniel shakily stacked the final melon, the top of the pyramid. He whispered to himself, a suffocated smile: "twenty-six."
"Yo, I don't think you should stack it that high."
"It's fine."
"Sir-"
"It's fine," Daniel rolled the cart with some difficulty. "I got it," he added, forcing his weight into the cart.
"Hey, you don't look so good," the attendant yelled after Daniel but he was far down the aisle. At the last minute, Daniel spotted the row of bananas, remembering he needed more at home. 
Daniel tried to focus on his breath - exhale and inhale - as he bagged twelve bananas. He slowly pushed the cart towards the registers, focusing on anything other than his pulse.
Twelve, Daniel thought: the amount of bananas he eats in a week. The amount of eggs in a carton, but Daniel doesn't eat eggs. Fourteen, Daniel thought: the number of melons more than bananas. Thirty-six, he thought, the total amount of fruit. As his cart came to a halt at the register, the oblong pyramid shifted slightly. Daniel's heart pounded. Droplets of sweat fell into the cart. He could hardly keep his eyes open.
His legs lost their strength and his knees bent to his weight. His forehead found the corner of the cart as his body fell to the ground. He landed with his face to the ceiling, fluorescents blinding. 
This is it, Daniel thought. The whole weight of the world has been falling towards this. Daniel saw, in what felt like slow-motion, the top melon roll toward him, falling from the top of the cart. The weight of the melon landed onto his chest and he felt it constricting further. The melon rolled along the tile floor, unaffected. Daniel could feel his loss of control, the automated sense to breathe no longer in him. The innate motion of life had left. This is what it all comes down to, he thought. 
Numbers were the last thing on his mind. Fourteen: the age of his daughter. The difference in fruit. Twelve: the day of August when his mother was born. The number of bananas in the cart. The number of months in a year. Six: the number of years since Daniel's thirty-sixth birthday. The number of buttons on the long-sleeve shirt he's wearing. And that's when he realized it. His entire life, everything, had rolled to this moment, and suddenly stopped. His entire existence had building to the circumstance within a supermarket. His past had been leading him to this word problem, a series of numbers and questions layered over time, the continuous line of life to be solved.
