The wind is cold today. The sun is bright. I'm on my way to the box and maybe it will help me understand how all of this is. I've almost got it down to how cold it has to be to be unpleasant. Maybe the brightness thing next.

I turn the corner and there it is, waiting for me. It looks just like a mailbox, at the end of my street, but everyone in town knows what it is. I pull open the little door and rummage around inside. A warmth spreads up my arm and I know it's begun. I feel it run down the length of my veins until it hits my head and the world turns grey for a moment.

When I come back, I know that the wind today is particularly unpleasant. I concentrate and come to the conclusion that the sun is lovely, but it's just such a shame it's not warm enough. I poke around in my head a bit more and I find what it is I'm looking for; it shines in my mind like a second sun. And when I turn to it, I can feel all of the dismay and the pain. Someone's pet... I start crying where I stand it is so unbearable, my body shaking with heaving sobs and my hand still in my box.

Then... Something strange. My hand begins to tingle, then it gets hot. Hot, hotter, hotter, hotter, until it feels like it's on fire. I scream and pull it out of the box but it's already spreading up my arm and I cannot stop it. My every nerve is on fire as it makes its way up and I can do nothing but wait. When it reaches my neck, it sears. It's new, this one. The new ones always do this but I thought I'd felt everything there was to feel.

It finally hits my head and the fire vanishes. In its place, there is a warmth. I scramble through the feelings and find that nucleus. This one shines so brightly it's blinding. I face it and it blossoms. I see... Me. I see the box. And I see myself reaching into it and my face changing. Again, and again, and again me and the box, my face contorting every day. And I feel pain watching myself... Sadness? It feels like sadness but I don't understand why.

Then the memories start to glow, like they've been dipped in gold. And my face, my real face, twists. I don't know what this is. My eyes crinkle and my mouth does a funny thing. It's so warm inside me. I... I want to feel this every day. I don't know what this is but I want it. The emotion fades and I open my eyes.

There is a girl there. Her hair is long and it glows like the memories. Her eyes look like the ocean. She smiles and her eyes crinkle and her mouth does a funny thing. Was I smiling? The memory of her feelings comes back. I don't know how but it feels like a candle in my chest. My eyes crinkle and my mouth does a funny thing but my eyes... I'm crying.

There is a fire in my chest and it feels like it's been dipped in gold. And I know the wind is unpleasant and the sun is bright but not warm enough but for the first time in my life, they don't feel the way I've been told. The wind is soft on my skin and I love the way the sun makes her look.