The Salvation Army Santa Claus was busier than he had ever been. He waved his bell eagerly as a line of people waited to place personal checks, bankers notes, and piles of literal cash in his collection bucket. The line wound down the block, around the corner, and down a bit further even from that.

Heartstring watched the display from the shadows of an alley, grinning to himself as he projected impulses for charity and compassion into every person within range of his emotive aura. People were leaving their cars at red lights, or even in the middle of the street, to queue up and give of their wallets for the good of others. Heartstring pulled a metal cigarette case and a lighter from his jacket pocket. All natural, hand rolled. Better for the environent.

"Allen. You *know* they consider this to be theft. GRAND theft."

Heartstring, real name Allen Wakefield, chose not to look behind him as the woosh of air and a sense of mass levitated behind him. "The Man can eat me, Cap. I'm doing the right thing, and you know it."

Captain Solar shook his head sadly, looking over Heartstring's shoulder at the line of people. "Are you? Today these people are giving. Tomorrow, they'll have nothing. People who have nothing, start taking."

"Sounds like you'll have some thieves to arrest, then. You know, *actual* crimes." Heartstring puffed his cigarette casually.

"All you're doing is re-distributing. This isn't solving anything, it's just shuffling the inequality around." Captain Solar placed his hand on Heatstring's shoulder. "Stop this, Allen. Please don't make me arrest you again."

Heartstring glowered. But with his emotive aura on, his flicker of irritation magnified, and spread. All of the sudden, the crowd of people started to grow restless. Angry, yelling. They were beginning to become a flash mob...

Captain Solar threw his arms around Heartstring's torso, held him tightly with his arms pinned as he flew them both skyward, and pulling him out of range to affect the crowd. Captain Solar scowled and hissed through angry teeth, barely maintaining control of himself through the aura. "Look what you almost did, Allen! Jesus Christ."

The mob fizzled as quickly as it had started. With the emotive aura no longer affecting them, the crowd of people stood disoriented and confused. Some of them began staring at the money sitting in their hands, panicking, frantically shoving it into pockets. The Salvation Army Santa found himself surrounded by a rush of people grabbing at his bucket, demanding their money back.

"This is a mess, Allen. ANOTHER mess. You know what this means right?"

Heartstring nodded. "Solitary, most likely. A telepath babysitter to keep my powers neutralized. No other prisoners or staff within a hundred feet so I can't manipulate my way free."

Captain Solar nodded glumly. The pity he felt was his own true emotion, not induced by Heartstring. He knew how to tell the difference. "So why did you do it again Allen, knowing what awaited you if you pulled a repeat offense?"

"Someone has to try, Cap. Someone has to try to make people be better."

Captain Solar said nothing to that. A few spoken voice commands to his communicator and the woosh of air as he redirected his flight path toward Broadcreek Maximum Security Prison were the only sounds made.