I turned the business card over and over, from one hand to the other. It was white, almost glowing, with a heft that seemed uncharacteristic for an item of such thinness. It weighed heavy against my fingers like a sheet of metal, but its width seemed no bigger than a line on paper.

Mysterious, I thought, but no more mysterious than the stranger who handed it to me and promptly disappeared into the crowd. He was sharply dressed and soft-spoken, and stood quite tall with good posture; he carried no briefcase or bag.

He attempted to make small talk as we waited for the incoming train, and it was obvious that he was a foreigner—he spoke with a carefulness and exactness that the people of this city lack. He first commented on the delayed schedule, and asked where I was heading. He was interested in the usual: What did I do for a living? Do I enjoy it? Is the train usually this late? There's a lot of people, a good number may have to take the next one.

He then complimented my coat. He paused after I thanked him, and held out his hand as the train pulled in. I offered my own in turn, expecting a friendly farewell handshake, but instead felt something flat and stone-cold pressed into my palm.

"When living forever exhausts you, call the number on this card. I'd like to offer you a job."

In the moment I looked down at the item in my hand, the train doors opened and I was ushered into the nearest car by the crowd before I could say another word. Once I positioned myself near a window, I inspected what he'd given me—a white card made of material I'd never seen before. I looked up to see him watching me from the station doors with faint amusement.

The card had no number. The surface was smooth, with no embossing or printed ink or anything that hinted at what it was meant to represent.

---

It seemed to get heavier and heavier as the week progressed. I kept it in the pocket of my slacks at first, but later had to move it to my work desk drawer when it became clear my belt wasn't enough to keep my pants from slipping down.

The change occurred in intervals, and began when I was called into my supervisor's office to discuss my consistent tardiness and worrisome performance. I knew I looked bored, almost indifferent to my impending fate at the company. *This place is simply a placeholder for me*, I thought, *So why bother?* The card doubled in weight when I left his office.

It increased again as I stood listlessly at the copy machine as I did every morning, staring blankly at the stack of paper accumulating on the tray. And yet again, at the coffee machine, as I watered down my espresso with disappointingly lukewarm water. While eating my lunch at my desk one afternoon, I stopped mid-bite to move the card—if you could even call it that anymore—onto the tabletop itself, as the drawer began to curve under the weight.

It didn't seem to matter that I kept the card at work; it developed overnight steadily, like mold after a heavy rain. After my usual shift, I'd trudge back to the train station to endure an hour-long commute, and fix myself a quick supper before falling into a shallow and unsatisfactory sleep; upon waking, I'd splash my face with cold water and slip into work attire before I headed out to the office. This cycle continued every twenty-four hours, just as it had when I'd first gotten this job and moved out to the city alone two years ago.

I never did see that stranger again, but I couldn't bring myself to toss the card in the trash bin. While my co-workers adorned their workspaces with photographs and miniature potted plants, I kept the card by my computer, becoming so used to the sight of it that I no longer marveled or felt alarmed at its growing heaviness.

---

A month later, I was fired.

After hearing what was an apologetic (yet reasonable) explanation from my supervisor, I walked back to my cubicle and solemnly gathered what little belongings I had. I reached for the stranger's business card on the corner of my desk and was surprised to feel a newly raised pattern on its surface, although it was too ambiguous to make out any recognizable characters. I placed it carefully in the cardboard box lest it crush my other items, and headed down to turn in my employee badge and make my way back to the station that I'd exited less than an hour before.

The next train was not slated to arrive until 11:30 am, and it was only 10:20. I set my box on the platform bench and sat beside it, ignoring the lack of shade and uncomfortable angle of sunlight. Pricked by the rays, my eyes naturally followed the lines of the tracks below.

I contemplated my next course of action. Being frugal by nature, I had enough money in my savings to last me for another two months, maybe three if I really stretched it. I'd originally planned to renew my lease on my current flat, but that seemed frivolous and pointless now. Among other things—most things.

The desire to leave everything behind fluttered inside my chest, but more immediate worries of a new job search and a necessary budget stamped it out quickly. I wasn't going anywhere until I had a job.

At that thought, I remembered the stranger’s words, and poked around my box for the business card. *Might as well give it one last shot*, I mused. *Otherwise, off to the waste basket it goes.*

As my fingers grazed the surface lightly, the desire reemerged. I was still a newcomer to the city by most standards, but my brief time had been enough to turn me into a shell of a man. The job was unfulfilling, and I had little time to make new friends much less keep in touch with old ones. My shoulders were tense, my muscles unused, my mind weary and tired. Treat tomorrow as it was your last, people say. I must've taken my future for granted, thinking it an infinite string of tomorrows.

*What job did he intend for me, anyway?* I shook my head, concluded that the stranger and this business card was nothing more than a joke or magic trick, and stood up to throw the card in the trash. I suddenly felt the weight of the card lessen dramatically against my hands, and I looked down to see the raised bumps manifest into lines. Letters formed instantaneously, and almost as quickly as they materialized, the card disappeared abruptly and completely. They were clearly visible to the naked eye, though, and what I saw wasn’t a phone number as the stranger had described, but a single word:

**L I V E**