He pulled out a cigarette. “He buddy, do you mind lighting this?” A brief flame lit the end of the cigarette. “Thanks champ.” He took a drag and looked down at the picture in the locket he wore around his neck. The woman and child in the photo smiling in front of a brand new home brought an internal warmth that he’d been lacking these last few days.

“Hell of a day isn’t it Sargent?” The Sargent looked up to see his lieutenant along with a Raichu walk past.

“Yes sir.” Responded the Sargent. “One trench further, dozens more to go.” The sound of battles along the entire line could be heard. The constant rat-tat-tat of machine guns and the occasional “rattata” from a soldiers companion became the standard background noise for him. He took another drag from the cigarette.

“Hey Lieutenant, you got any family back home you’re fighting for?” The muscular man turned around, his blonde hair spiked up portraying him as the embodiment of his electric combat style.

“Not since the initial attack on our home.” Replied the Lieutenant, “These Pokémon are my family now. They’ll get me through this and I’ll get them through. What about you?”

“Just one.” The Sargent half heartedly smiled, “A son. Wife and I had just bought a house in Pallet. Always heard that was a great place to raise kids ya know?”

The Lieutenant nodded. “What’s his name?” The Sargent couldn’t tell if the Lieutenant actually cared or not.

“Ash.” Replied the Sargent proudly, “The Wife likes to associate names, and since Arcanine and I deal with fire, she thought the name was apt.”

“Good name. I’m sure that kid will grow up to be a champion.” The lieutenant smiled. A giant boulder slamed into the sandbags at the top of the trench the two men were standing in. Dirt and dust flew everywhere. “These damn rock types. Really messing with me and my groove.” The Raichu had a frustrated look about it. Someone down the line yelled something that sounded like “get down” right before being skewered by the poison needles of an enemies Beedrill.

“Shit.” The Sargent threw what was left of his cigarette down. “Has there been any word from those Sandshrews from the 216th? We need to break through to that line and those tunnelers are our way in.”

“Unfortunately they’ve been held up by some rocks that appear to have been placed by some Geodudes. We’ll be through by tomorrow. Ready for the bad news?”

“Ready as Ill ever be.” Responded the Sargent, “What are me and the men doing.” His Arcanine stood up sensing movement orders.

“We are going to take the next trench in a more old school way. We’re going over the top. Command will be bombarding the enemy with standard artillery and some heavy shots from the 4th Infantry’s Blastoise unit. Get the men ready. We charge in 30.”

“Fucking hell,” exclaimed the Sargent, “of course they’re not going to wait. We’ll be ready.” The Sargent began to walk away from the forward trench with Arcanine close behind.

“Hey Ketchum!” Called out the Lieutenant, “We get this war over and get back to peace, I’d love to meet ash. I’m sure he will be the very best.”

“Thanks Lieutenant. If we survive I’m sure he’d enjoy meeting you and that Raichu. He seems to have a penchant for electric types.” And with that, Sargent Ketchum and Arcanine walked off.