The clicking sound cameras make start to get on your nerves around the third hour.
The seats? In the first 15 minutes. But here we sit, 8 hours in so far of Day Four.
No doubt about it, Congressional hearings suck.
 
And we, the motley crew of agents and law enforcement officers, haven't even started testifying yet.

We fidget. Look uncomfortable. Squirm in out seats. I hate wearing suits. At least I'm not in full regalia like the troopers. Or city cops. Or deputies.

There at the table, though is the most uncomfortable person ever. Mr Silias Mosgrove, aka "Three-Toe". Former leader of the Hard Rails. Until we forced him out for being too soft.

"So Mr. Mosgrove, you're saying you and your....club...never really wanted to get into the buying and selling of drugs, weapons, and sophisticated hardware?"

"Naw man...I mean..Your Honor..."

"I'm just a congressman. No need for that."

"Oh...okay. No see, me and the crew, we weren't angels, you know? Sure a little drugs. Maybe help a fella out with a gun or two. Maybe rough a dude up for someone.
But those fuc...dudes" he said pointing to us, "were scary man."

"How so?"

"Well, you know. We thought some fresh blood wouldn't be bad. Younger, stronger dudes. But then they started wanting to do more, you know? Edge out the competition. Corner the markets. Soon the drugs went from ounces to like pounds! Like, containers full."

"And guns? Holy shi....I mean, crap. Lots of guns. And like that fully automatic stuff. Then these dudes started bringing in more bad mama-jamas. And they kept ramping it up, you know? Soon they were talking sh....uh stuff like ricin and anthrax. I mean, what the hell? These dudes were SCARY!"

"So then what?"

"We left dude. Like hit the road and left them the clubhouse and everything. Except the chicks. They didn't seem to care about the chicks. It was all about the stash and the guns and stuff .  We didn't claim to be a gang..er..club no more. Just a bunch of dudes riding the open road."

"How long ago was that?"

"Like, 9 months ago."

I sank further in my seat. 9 months ago? How didn't I notice? How didn't any of these guys notice? There were no more gang members, apparently we edged them all out...

"So you and your group never profited from the $35 million they acquired?"

Three-Toe just smiled. " Naw man. We saw what that money was doing to them and wanted no part. Hell, most of the guys are vets so we didn't want to deal with them terrorists types they were selling to, anyway. But you know, they voted us all out of the leadership spots..."

Crap crap crap crap.