The light looked at me.  

Well, if a light could look at me, that’s what It was doing.  I felt It’s gaze.  It was...peaceful.  

And I understood.  It was asking me a question.  A question about a decision.

I had never been truly happy.  There were brief moments approaching happiness I supposed.  When I got out of the foster care system.  When that girl kissed me.  That time my scratch off lottery ticket won.  Some books.  The blowjob. Afterwards though, I always went back to my usual “meh, this sucks” attitude.

I was called “depressed” by some,  A nihilist by others.  “The weird guy who wore black most of time” by most.

I had tried to fit in from time to time, but it never felt right,  I just didn’t see the point of it all. 

“Why are we here?” That was the question I spent most of my time dwelling on,

The answer is usually came up with was “Because we’re here”.  It’s was just chance, flip a coin, roll the bones, whatever.  None of it really mattered.  Nothing really mattered to me.

So when I was hit by that car, what I really felt was relief.  Well, intense pain at first, then numbness, then tiredness, THEN relief.

And then...something,

Really, I hadn’t expect there to be anything after I died.  I had no beliefs in any higher powers, so when I was confronted by that higher power it was..,something.

I was informed of the situation.  For whatever reason, this higher power had decided eons ago that when the 100 billionth human being died, it would be given to opportunity to reverse one decision,  Any decision.

I asked for clarity on this.  “Does it have to be my decision?”.

“No” the answer came back.

“So any decision in the history of decisions?”

“Yes”.

So basically I could undo anything.  I could undo the decision of that guy who decided to drink too much the night he killed my parents with his car.  I could undo the decision of my parents to have sex that night I was conceived.  Or their parents. Or theirs.  I could undo Hitler.  I could undo wars, or diseases, or...anything.  What was the point though?  I had spent my whole life not caring about really anything, so why would I care to undo anything?

Then it occurred to me.  I knew what to undo.  I remembered a line from a book I read that had made me momentarily slightly happy.  “In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.”

I told the light which of It’s decisions I wanted undone.