"So, what the actual eff is that thing?" My husband says to me as he crouches over a hole in my backyard, peering into it, trying to be brave and yet equally terrified. Fucking coward of a husband. Everything scares him with equal measure. The sweat beads on his forehead in the middle of winter give him away. 

"Just say 'fuck', I hate this 'effing this' and 'effing that' thing you've been doing. You either swear around me or you speak like a nun. There is no grey area!" 

Despite the fact that there is this thing lying in the middle of the backyard of a house I am trying to sell, with potential buyers in my kitchen, I feel the need to address the taunting style of non-profane profanity that he has decided to take up after I had asked him to stop swearing. He lives to work on my nerves. 

To think I'd been up all night making sure the house was in a stellar condition along with the aroma of freshly baked blueberry muffins in the air upsets me greatly in the face of this chaos. 

He looks at me with that 'not-now' look of his. I can feel parts of me boil that I had no idea existed. I fucking hate this asshole more by the second! 

"It looks like a robot from outer space." He says. 

I walk closer to the hole, my heels are sinking in the rubble.  My guests-are-here-heels! They are being  ruined along with my hopes of leaving this man I had mistakenly married because of a stupid thing called love. Is God punishing me? It sure feels like it right now. 

"They use cheap knives in outer space? Your mother's got better knives than that." I say at the sight of the knife taped to this strange looking thing nearly engulfed by dirt.

 "Besides..." I look at him. "...Outer space shit only happens in America. It must belong to that weird guy down the road." 

The thought of that weird guy down the road enrages me more. One of his makeshift wannabe robot-wars creations wandered into my living room and made it look a scene out of a bad post apocalyptic movie. He'd refused to compensate me on the basis of "Shit happens, I am sorry lady". His day is coming and it will be today if this weapon of the destruction of my life belongs to him. 

"You said 'shit'." He announces. "I thought we weren't supposed to swear." 

I explode. 
I'm sure it resembles a possession. Not the questionable type I've seen on those dodgy  Televangelist Christian channels my mother and her friends love watching, but the type I would believe was authentic although I've never seen it. 
 
I start screaming with rage, I sound near animalistic.
 The potential buyers who have suddenly joined us excuse themselves because they are running late for 'that thing'  they have to do together. I growl something that even I cannot decipher. They run. 
Fast. 

I'm fresh out of bags of shit to give. 
I'm pissed all the fucking way off! 

I don't know how I manage to get down the hole and throw the thing out of the hole while I simultaneously rip the knife off of it 
The only coherent words running through my mind are "Asshole. Hole. Knife. Asshole. Hole. Knife. Asshole. Hole. Knife. Asshole. Knife. Hole." 

Maybe the man upstairs isn't punishing me or maybe it's the one downstairs doing what he does best. "The devil made me do it."  Turns out that shit may be true. 

The man upstairs will forgive me eventually right? I am still his daughter underneath all of this  anger. 

I emerge out of the hole, christened in dirt. 

His facial expression changes to that of sheer confusion. 

I don't wait for him to realise that he should be running.  
Mostly because I want to capitalise on the energy my anger gives me. Watch out Red Bull for the day I bottle my anger! 
One swing across the neck isn't enough for me.
Oh no darling! 
One for sleeping with my sister , one for sleeping with my dentist, another one for fathering a child that he is 'hiding' from me and many more for just being a shitty husband all together. I lose count at 13.

Sigh... 
A sigh of tranquility. I swear I can hear angels singing in the background. 

It's sublime.
No.
Wait...

It's wrong. 
Dang it! 
I should hide him until I figure something out. Shit! Shit! Shit! 

Well at least there is a hole ready for the dead asshole. I'm too awkward for jail, especially jail in South Africa. Gosh! The thought!  

I roll him in and cover the hole as best as I can. I look around the scene. 

"Oh my gosh that's a Roomba!" I throw myself on my knees and marvel at it. It comes to life at the press of a button. It has a white light glowing around it. "I can't believe my luck!" 

"Automated murder scene cleaning!" I clap my hands in excitement and surprise. 

I don't expect the words, "Crime scene cleaning activated.", to come out of it, but hell I am impressed. 

"Is disposal of the body required?". It's robotic, British accented feminine voice says. It sure sounds like it knows what it's doing. 

I nod my head frantically. "I don't want to go to jail. Make THAT happen you sweet piece of metalic and plastic joy." 

It lights up in bright orange around the perimeter for a second then goes back to white.

"Estimated time of completion 17:05" 

I look at my watch which is soiled in the evidence of my sins. It's 17:02. 
"Get out oh here!" I am really chuffed. 

The next viewing is in twenty eight minutes, not that I have to sell the house anymore, but for the sake of a believable story once the police come knocking. 

I swear I can still hear angels singing in ethereal harmony. 








