The “tiny terrors” as they were nicknamed by humanities media, were a nuisance. They were so tiny that when they did decide to strike, no one was aware until it was too late. They weren’t that dangerous most of the time, but they did have an eye for the dramatic.

The invaders had set their eyes on Earth and sent a video to all news stations around the planet, stating that they wished for humanity to mass construct their ships for the “defence of the universe”. When their UN had got its hands on one of their ships for the first time audible laughter filled the halls of governmental bodies across the planet, the attacks begun when the tiny terrors had figured out that laughter was not in-fact a call of fear. 

The first recorded attack was during a live address to the nation by President Donald Trump. “You should see these things, tiny! Low energy aliens and America will not - “. Right then, the president of the United States was hit in the balls by a high-speed projectile from numerous tiny alien warships, causing him to hunch over and collapse in pain. Service agents swarmed the scene but already the ships were gone. The war had begun. 

All around the world as leaders of state came to comfort their people the “tiny terrors” struck. They had discovered humanities weaknesses. Justin Trudeau, Emmanuel Macron, Vladimir Putin, all hit in the scrotum as they made public addresses. Theresa May, Angela Merkel, Katrín Jakobsdóttir, all punched in the breast without a shred of decency. 

All were hunched over, defeated, embarrassed, by the alien menace.

Mass attacks begun on the general population. At first it was seen as funny as humans saw their friends get hit in the balls by an invisible force, but then it hit them, painfully and without mercy. Horrific. Many took up arms. Fly swatters were made free and all of humanity was encouraged to do their part for the species, swatting at any armada of ships they could see. It wasn’t enough.

After years of random punches in the extremities humanity caved. Fertility rates had plummeted after many were made infertile by the inhumane treatment from the tiny terrors. 

After years of resistance the treaty was signed, they would give humanity the technology for creation of their ships if they agreed to a quota of a million ships a year. Public opinion was against it after they found out the amount of ships they would have to create. 

After their best engineers and scientists poured over the information that they had been given, it became apparently obvious that the past few years of war had been a massive waste of time. It would only take one factory in a country called China to reach the quota.

This part of humanities history is widely seen as one of the most embarrassing moments in intergalactic history and when the species was reached for comment they collectively groaned and told us to go away.
