"Ah, Captain Kggrjkx. Come in."

The captain entered and saluted the general smartly, clicking his antennae bolt upright.

"Do take a seat. I've been reading your report of the... ahem, encounter you had with this xenomorph.  Fascinating stuff."

"Thankyou sir. Obviously I couldn't have done it without the sterling work of the science corps, and my heavy weapons specialists especially..."

"Yes yes, all for one and one for all, the Minervan Space Navy thanks you for your service and all that. Plenty of time for the rousing speeches later on.  I'm more interested in the haul you've brought back.  Alien projectile weapon technology, xenological samples and observations - you'll make Major for this, and no mistake."

The captain's maroon carapace flushed slightly at the praise.

"Oh, we were lucky to hit upon the stores we did.  The guards couldn't detect us with the optical camouflage engaged, and that place must have been some kind of high level military supply depot.  There were battle munitions, technology, all sorts of composite materials.  We even found some stuff the white coats identified as food, which got them all worked up about possible biological links.  The drones in the tech labs just can't wait to get their feelers on that repeater, though.  Sergeant Bzrskwx has got quite attached to it, actually- he was the only one strong enough to wield the damn thing, but it turned out pretty effective against the xenomorph."

"Yes, your run in with the captured specimen sounds quite the adventure.  Tell me, how did that all arise? Strictly off the record, of course."

"Well, sir..."

------------

"Sir! Sir!" Ensign Wllslls squeaked, scuttling onto the bridge.  "The xenomorph! It's moving!"

"What? But I was told it was immobilised!"

"It was, when we took it out of that ground transport. The professor told us it must have been dormant, so we didn't restrain it..."

"Right- all hands in the bay, now! We may have to use the weaponry we captured from the \\/\\//-\\|_|\\/|/-\\|3-|- site against it."

"The repeater, sir? But it might breach the ship's hull!"

"Dammit, we know the 2.4GHz disruptors do nothing against it, its respiratory system nullifies our chemical agents and I don't want to risk permanent damage from the neural dissembler.  We've always got their energy weapons."

The Minervan heavy weapons detachment, flanked by xenological scientists and engineers, flowed into the cargo bay.  The xenomorph was shifting from its position on the bay floor, dragging itself into an upright position.

"Right, the photon cannon! Perhaps we can disorient it- aim for the optical sensors."

Ensign Prtbtblt aimed the cannon, and clicked the activation pad on its side.  A stream of coherent 650nm energy particles blasted at the xenomorph, which raised one of its massive upper appendages to protect its upper part - the part the Minervan scientists had assessed as containing the majority of sensory and cognitive function.

"It's working, but it's not enough! It's still advancing!"

"Dammit, use the thermal vortex! We'll burn it into submission"

Sergeant Rnmnmngtn advanced, hefting the bulk of a much more imposing alien weapon.  Powering it on, heater coils glowed orange-red within its nacelle, and a hurricane of superheated gas erupted from the nozzle.

"Sir, it's still coming! What can we do?" Rnmnmngtn buzzed, his carapace starting to fade and crack under the terrible onslaught of heat from the fearsome weapon he controlled.

"We've got no choice.  Bzrskwx - the repeater.  Tell the bridge to seal the bay, if we have a hull breach Lieutenant Grffrx has command of the ship.  Fire on my mark."

As the xenomorph advanced on the cowering Minervan squad, bellowing incomprehensibly, the captain raised a single claw.  Sergeant Bzrskwx heaved on the lever of the repeater, his segmented limbs straining under the weight of the massive ordnance.  The banks of cylindrical power cells blazed into life, spinning the internal mechanism into a flurry of motion and sending a stream of yellow spherical projectiles hurtling towards the xenomoph.

"Hahaha, take that you ugly pink blob! Not so scary now, are we?" Bzrskwx buzzed, as repeater ammunition ricocheted around the bay.

"It's assuming a defensive posture, Captain!" clicked xenology Professor Nfrnkkn.  "I think we've got it, but if we press the attack it might retaliate further if it knows it's in mortal danger!"

"Quite right, Prof. Cease fire, but keep those weapons trained.  Now we just need to know how we can contain it..."

------------

"All right, all right" John sighed, "you win.  I'm sitting back down, ok?  Jeez."

Slowly, palms held up in an attempt at communicating surrender, John sat back down.

"I know, I was asleep on the side of the road, but that's no reason to kidnap a guy and take him to space.  Assuming this isn't all just some freaking dream those stupid meds are giving me.  Look, where exactly *are* we?"

The creatures surrounding him made no reply, but began what looked a lot like a flanking manoeuvre, keeping their assorted weapons pointed at his face.

"OK, the BB gun was a cute touch, but... a laser pointer? And a hair dryer?  That store had hunting rifles and crossbows in it! Hell, you could at least manage a kitchen knife between two or three of you."

John sighed deeply.

"OK, alien interaction 101: this isn't Star Trek, you don't speak English.  How about... hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmm hmmmmmmmm?"

John's humming sent the creatures into a flurry of activity, another blast of warm air and flickering laser light on his face.

"OK, the First Encounter tune doesn't work either.  You seem to like the crouching thing, so.. wait, have I got a pen in here somewhere? 

------------

As it turned out, John's crude doodle of a stick man and three vaguely insectoid creatures was the turning point.  Weapons lowered, the creatures fanned out around and watched intently as he added to the doodle.  Pictures of crossed out guns, prime numbers and hydrogen atoms didn't seem to go anywhere, but after a few minutes he'd added a slightly squiggly map of the earth with the rough outlines of continents visible on it.  There followed a long period of lots of miming, the stick man and spaceship doodles moving back to the earth, friendly waves all around, the spaceship flying off to harass new life and new civilisations, and the stick man going back to the little boxy building for some painkillers.  A few more culture clashes arose: John's stomach rumbling briefly startled the creatures, leading to another round of miming, and pointing in mouths, and no no no I didn't mean I want to eat *you*, just food; and the closest thing the ship had to a usable toilet was a lunchbox-sized storage crate, to John's chagrin and the creatures fascination/horror.

Three hours later, John was still staring out of the window at the approaching Earth, munching thoughtfully. "I really hope my car hasn't been towed.  I'm pretty sure 'I was abducted by purple space cockroaches with a hairdryer and a BB gun, they took me to Jupiter and fed me Haribo' isn't going to get me out of a parking ticket", he thought.  He had tried taking a few pictures on his phone, but the thick glass in the window and the narrow viewing angle meant they looked worse than a bad Photoshop.

"I wonder if they'd miss this little doodad, though?  It's the size of my wallet but they could run that hair dryer off it for long enough.  They just left it here, so it can't be that important... maybe I'll hang on to it and we'll call it quits over the whole alien abduction thing."

------------

"Fascinating."  The general leaned back in his seat, thoughtfully grooming an antenna.

"Yes, the race's spacefaring is too primitive to be a threat and we don't know how to contain it long term, so we decided to return the specimen alive.  The xenology bods have all the readings and samples they need for now anyway, taken while it was dormant, and it kindly left us a "sample" in an empty supplies crate.  I'm sure we'll look in on their planet if we ever go back to the system, the fifth and sixth planets are worth the return trip alone in gas mining. We can always send another mission to slip into one of their stores, assuming they don't figure out the optical camouflage, see if there's anything else worth taking."

"Excellent.  And no losses at all except... "

"Oh, that? Just a standard half-terawatt cold fusion module.  We were using it to power the captured thermal weaponry, must have gone missing during the return touchdown.  We're not worried about it - the stupid beasts won't realise what it is even if they do find it."

"Of course- I hear they're still putting cargo into low orbit with chemical reaction mass, for Pzzrt's sake.  Now, let's see if the science chaps will let us take a closer look at that repeater..."
