There's a chance, every day, that it's your last day. 

Maybe it's one in a thousand? One in a million? I don't know. I was always bad at math. 

But, when the doctor told me there was a sixty five percent chance I wouldn't make it through the next eight weeks... Well, those numbers, those are easy. 

The next hour I'm not sure of. I was in a haze, the thickest kind. We made in plans, in that doc suggested some stuff and I nodded and mumbled the weakest affirmatives you can get. I signed some papers. An adorable little nurse told me I need to fight. 

Sure, I'll fight my own blood marrow. I'll kick my own blood marrow's ass, I guess. 

I don't remember the walk to the car. I don't remember getting in. I don't remember how long I sat there or how many songs played on the radio or how many relatives I didn't call. 

But I remember the squirrel. I remember the little bastard. 

He started off scritching his little claws under my windshield wipers. He maybe did it five times before I woke up. 

There's a squirrel on your windshield. He's futzing with your windshield wipers. You're insane if you don't turn the wipers on. I'm not insane, it's not my brain that's going to murder me. I turned the wipers on. 

Squirrel jumps. Acorn falls. 

Have you ever heard a squirrel's voice? It's high pitched and it's twittering and it's fast. He said whatever he said, and jumped off the car. Then, just as fast, he jumped back, and put an acorn back in the wiper. 

Persistent, huh. Kind of like the cells inside my bones that are going haywire despite the poison I've been feeding them. It's appropriate, at least. Well, buddy, I can't fix the cancer, but I can fix you. All I have to is turn on the wiper again. 

This time, he runs in a circle, once, twice, three times. It would bother me, probably scratching the paint, but my level of care for the car's resale value plummeted today. 

Then he's off the car. Then he's back. I hit the wipers again and... There's no way there was something scratched in that acorn?

That's the first time I noticed I'd been crying. Then I noticed the balls on this squirrel. Bastard looked like he was carrying a pair of Titleists. 

I had only seen balls that big on a squirrel once. Swerved to miss him, and this ass stops to watch me change the tire I flattened on the curb. Even ran in front of another car that I swear woulda hit mine if he hadn't. 

There's no way. That was six, seven years ago? There's no way that's the same goddamned squirrel. 

I remember opening the door. The acorn sure did have something scratched in it. How he scratched a smiley face in an acorn, I don't know, but I've still got that acorn. Three more days, and I've had it a year. Seventy one more days, and I'll have had it a year Free & Clear. 

There's no way that was the same squirrel, right? I'm crazy but I ain't that crazy. 

Still, thank you, squirrel with the big ass balls. I like my acorn. 


