"Donuts, Inspector? We still have some left from Mark's retirement, I figured you might want some brain food for your latest case?"


"No thanks sergeant, but... I could use another latte if you are going out ," I smiled, the new sergeant was 'peppy'; eager to please and my new source of caffeine on tap. God knows I'm going to need it tonight.


"Yes sir," sarge paused," Oh how's the case, by the way?"


Almost at once I felt a knot in my gut and a grimace on my face. "It's driving me MENTAL. INSANE, COMPLETELY INSANE!"


At this point I attempted to compile myself but I couldn't. Instead, I found myself pacing ," Okay so it is either Vincent, Solomon or Tyrone; there was nobody else there that night and video footage shows them and only them. But it can't be Sol because the four leaved clover was crumpled in gold filigree in the fridge and it had not yet desiccated...! Which means Sol was not at the scene of the crime at midnight! So what about Vince, I hear you ask? Well, Vince was armed with only a SPAS-12 and according to ballistics the bullets found on the scene were from a Deagle..!




Which just leaves one suspect... Tyrone. But it can't be him, he is an idiot... Unless... Unless he is an idiot savant."


I looked back to the Sergeant, who handed me a latte, "That was quick."



"Sorry it took so long Inspector, there was a long line at Dunkin' Donuts." I glanced at the clock. Oh yes it seems my dialogue was more of a monologue and much longer than I thought. A thought struck me like lightning... yes yes, it was crazy but it might just work.



"Are you busy sergeant?"


It took a solid hour to prepare. My Armani suit was fresh and ready but alas my boots required another polish, not to mention Sergeant Overeager was not prepared in the slightest but I did the best I could. At least he would be playing my bodyguard and not me. We walked up to the dilapidated two story townhouse and I let Sarge knock. And we waited. And waited and waited. Knocked again. I could have sworn I heard loud noises and my hand jumped to my revolver, just in case. 



Finally, the door opened revealing a rotund and grubby British African. I smiled. Tyrone gave us the goldfish stare, no doubt another attempt to obfuscate his genius.


"Wha' you wan' guv-nuh?"


"Ah Tyrone, may I introduce myself, I am Reginald Harris, THE Reginald Harris. I own a substantial methamphetamine enterprise in West End. I have recently, however, found myself without a driver and seeing as well your reputation does precede you, I thought you might be most suitable for the role," I lied, charmingly. 


"Yeh, I culd use sum dough, how much ya payin?"



"Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars per each financial quarter that you are in my service," I bluffed.


"yer guv, yer I can do that for ya, where do I start?"



Bingo. My plan was working, of course I knew it would work. I knew that he knew who I was and I knew that like all criminal masterminds he wouldn't be able to resist getting close to the enemy. The mind of a professional criminal craves the adrenaline too much. Likely he also thought he could glean details from the investigation, but if I played my cards right, it would be him revealing details. 



"There is one caveat, however..."


"Oh yeah guv, I neva tried caviar, yes pls!"



"Uh... one proviso, I should say, which is I would like to see your skills in action and in person before we formally enter any arrangement." I threw him a set of keys to the Mercedes.


"What's tha'? You wan' me te take yer fur a drive?"



"Exactly."



After a tiresome and fruitless drive I must admit I was beginning to think he was smarter than me. His 'dumb eastender' act was convincing and he was not letting on no matter what angle I took. I attempted to direct him towards the crime scene in the hope that I could read his face for clues but he feigned getting lost. Eventually the fuel light lit up. 


"Let's pull in here Tyrone."


Tyrone ostentatiously-maladroitly disembarked the vehicle into the service station. I procured a fifty pound note. 


"I'll let you do the honours Tyrone." Tyrone slowly peeled himself from the upholstery, as if to say 'I'm not getting away.' It took him a minute. I had to admit, he knew how to act. 

When he was out of earshot at the cashier, I turned to Sarge, "A penny for your thoughts?"


"He is too dumb to be a crook. I thought you said he was a getaway driver. What the fuck can he get away from?" Sarge giggled.

"Oh don't worry about Tyrone, he can move when he has to. He is exceedingly good at playing the incompetent crook, but he will slip up and when he does..."


Tyrone slowly clambered his way back in, sliding one roll of fat in after the other. 


"Keep the change."


We were off. And almost immediately I knew something was wrong. There were vibrations in the car... I recognized them. Oh yes, these were the characteristic vibrations of a catalytic converter in its death throes. He knew. He obviously knew... that this particular model was fitted with a catalytic converter which when exposed to leaded exhaust from ahem, leaded petroleum, would undergo catastrophic failure. But as clever as Tyrone was he did not realize that I also knew the model front to back and I daresay could repair the issue by hand and tonight if need by. In the meantime however, the car shook violently. 



The shaking threw my wallet in the air into the pudgey face of Tyrone. He then jerked the wheel in response sending us careering towards a lorry heading in the opposing direction. Everything went dark. 



My eyes opened and I caught upon familiar epaulettes.


"Chief?" I murmured.


"Jacques! You're awake." My heart sank, Chief never called me Jacques.


"The ca-ca-case?" I sputtered through the feeding tube.


"How do I put this? You fucked up, Jacques. There's evidence that you caused a work vehicle to crash, and a very expensive one mind you, on loan from Scotland Yard. It's a litigation nightmare and I have had the Commissioner up in my ass about it for the last 6 months! God knows we tried to keep it under wraps but the Daily Mail got wind of it and you know how they are. You were in a coma for all that time, I figured you would never come out of it.."



"And that's why I'm the fall guy," I interjected. 


"I guess you could put it that way. Long story short Jacques, you're fired."



As shocked as I was my career paled in comparison to the other burning question on my mind," And Tyrone?"


"What about him?"


"Is he behind bars?"


"God no! Tyrone is too stupid to tie his shoelaces let alone commit the crime of the century!"


And that's the story of the one case I didn't solve. As clever as I was, I was no match for the unfathomable intellect of the criminal mastermind Tyrone. 

