She sat across from him, dark hair falling into her eyes obscuring his dusty brown face except for his hard jaw line. He was clenching his teeth. He didn’t want to be here, but he came anyway. 

Her foot tapped making her knee jerk, nervous energy. He didn’t notice. He never noticed anything about her anymore. She reached out, pale hands searching for his hidden palms, fingers like spiders legs tickling the table top. He didn’t reach back. He was a solitary object ensconced in a rhythm that he refused to share. Without him, she was ever alone. 

The world hummed going a soft grey, then white, then cold ice blue. The blood in her veins hurt as it swelled, slowing, , cracking until it was ice cold and still. 

Everything in this moment was shaded the softest cyan and midnight. Blues on blues with shadows in between. Spirits whispered through the edges of vision. To look at them would court them, they would seek out the color of her life and leap through her to live again. Never speak to them The Wailing Ones, focus only on your purpose. 

She moved  her lips whispering the words of the Old Ones. The words lost between thick papyrus pages. The words of her ancestors, tangled in frizzy hair that wrapped into the same archaic maze of braids upon her head. Words were power, her Nana said, they could bring forth life or death. 

But her people, they brought for both. Rounded syllables sought out the color of his heart. She strained against the spirit walls of hardness he built up against her, people could fight her gift even if they didn’t know how. The spirit always protects itself. 

She stretched out long languid sounds blowing out  her cold cheeks and forming large heavy sounds. The dead shivered as she tore at him, searching, looking, snarling as she reached hissing for the final ember. The last shard of his love for her, there, tucked beneath his ribs and along his liver. This was where she resided, where he hid her. 

She growled low and guttural in her throat. The ghosts quakes and slid backwards, away from her as she plucked the shard with a bone white set of index finger and thumb. The feelings were held like rotting fish, dangled up into the emptiness of this blue swatched void. 

She peered close with sightless eyes, the feelings were damp, but the colors burned bright beneath the drilling edges. The size of a minnow the reddish tint flourished and darted about. She cupped it gently with the other palm, the color retreated from her touch. His defenses remained. He was strong. But not stronger. 

She inhaled, expanding lungs and cracking ribs, she sucked in the taste of his heart, it was rich and hearty like the best of an eagles wing. The sands of the world swirled about her as she breathed in all that he had ever been tasting the beginnings  and endings of all those who came before him and those that could come after. 

Her teeth clenched and she released the breath syphoning our the bad times between them, the arguments, the hate, the first kiss, the tepid lovemaking, and ever loosely held hand with sweaty palm. All she left were the cinnamon encrusted embers of lovemaking, sweet whispers and whiskey tinted eyes crackling along flesh in the moonlight. She left the bitterest taste of a love that was made sweet only because of its bite. 

The ember returned the her  hand, hot and white in the blue blue world. It colored her fleshy palm a soft tan. She let a dimpled smile show along fang ripped teeth. He was hers again. 

A soft word was blown over the shard and it vibrated in harmony with her voice. She sung it back into place between his ribs, and color exploded about them. His body jerked, trying to live. Trying to live for her. Even now. In the grave beside the living. 

The spirits turned as one, snarling, wailing and suddenly leaping towards them drawn to his love, trowel the color of life they could feel but not see. She cackled like a hyena and smashed her hands together. The blue splintered vanishing them to the silence behind the veil. 

The world swirled back into view. The colors all clear and crisp. Birds chirped not far away and the sun beat down on his now deep brown skin. She reached out her hand once more, it was a deep tan, warm and beautiful like roasted pecans. Her eyes met his, and he reached out to her. Almond scented joy perfumed the air about them and the rich cocoa singed edge of his eyes remained locked on her. 

All was right with the world. All was perfect. He loved her again. For the thousandth time. He would never get away. He was hers and she was his. Forever. 

She scratched the inside of her arm. A single white blemish resided at her wrist. A place without color. Marred by white blue truth. It would bleed, in time, turning her. But not today. Today as was brown and in love. And so. Was. He. 