The mouse was still breathing -- in fact its body was beating like a gavel against Rob's palm -- but the creature looked wounded and its eyes were closed; its left ear was missing completely. 

If someone hadn't played a dumb prank on the mouse and tied a yellow, leathery cloth around its body, Rob thought it would probably be dead right now. Well, that and the fact that Rob had scared the cat away in time. The way that the cat had looked back at Rob from the darkness of the alleyway... *that one red eye burning resentfully, and that howling, venomous hissing...* it had given Rob goosebumps. 

He looked again at the dull cloth tied to the mouse: a kind of raggedy leather tunic that had acted as armour -- but it was ruined now, replete with a hundred claw and teeth marks. He noticed too the tiny necklace hanging around the creature's neck, on which a claw pendant hung limply. *Why would anyone dress a mouse up like this?*  

Rob gingerly untied the armour and lifted up the necklace, then lay the strange mouse down in his sock drawer, hoping it was comfortable. He placed its belongings on the other side of the draw. 

What more could he do for the creature? His parents were going to be out all evening and he doubted they'd take the mouse to the vet's anyway. They never did. No, Rob would just have to do his best and hope the mouse made it -- and if not, well it would die comfortably at least.  

There was a little grilled halloumi left over from dinner; Rob placed a thin slice of it in the sock drawer along with a thimble full of water.

"Good night, mouse," he said as he turned off the lights and clambered into bed. "I hope you feel better in the morning."

---

Rob didn't hear the padding in the sock draw as he slept. Nor did he hear the hungry munching and grateful lapping. He did not hear the mouse clamber down onto the floor and begin to get her bearings. But he did hear the high pitched voice whispering in his ear; he did feel the tiny whiskers tickling his cheeks.

"I am forever in your debt, sire," the voice squeaked.

"Sure Brittany. You're welcome, anything for you," Rob muttered, before smacking his lips and rolling over onto his side.

The mouse was unperturbed. She clambered up onto Rob's shoulder and tried again.

"I am not Brittany, sire. But I am sure you are the saviour of many *Brittanys*, and others besides."

"Hehe, cut it out Brit," Rob said, still half in a dream. "What if Charlie finds out?" He waved a hand meakly around his cheek, where the whiskers rustled his skin. The mouse jumped back nimbly, easily avoiding the lumbering hand.

"My name is Isabella," said the voice. "Hmm... I am sorry for this, sire." 

There was a tiny tingling pain on Rob's earlobe.

"Owch!" he yelled as he bolted upright, suddenly wide awake. Isabella back-flipped down onto the duvet.

Rob's eyes widened as he saw the mouse he'd rescued; it was stood on its hind legs, and as he watched, it gave a curt bow. Then his eyes roamed left of the mouse, to the pile of a dozen or so diminutive black corpses. 

"Oh my God," he said, scurrying backwards and pressing himself hard again the bed-board. "Oh my God!"

"My lord does not like the Arachnid folk? He is most wise, as well as handsome. They are a plight on the tender-hearted floor-scuttlers, like the Mice-of-Albion. I hope this gesture might go some way to paying you back for your heroic deed."

Rob looked down at the mouse again. Her tiny lips were raised in a wide smile. 

"I'm dreaming. I am! I know I am." 

"I assure you, you are not. All those arachnids were *indeed* in your chamber, and I have reason to believe they were plotting something heinous." Isabella considered for a moment, putting a fist beneath her chin as she did so. "A web of subterfuge, I should think, with a plan to eventually encase you and drag you down into their lands where you would be embalmed in silk. But you need not worry, now."

"What are you?!"

"My name is Princess Isabella Mus." Another bow. "At your service."

"You- you can talk?"

"Of course."

"But- I- No animal has ever wanted to speak to me before!"

Isabella seemed to recoil at the word 'animal', but must have thought better of saying anything about it. "Perhaps you have saved no *creature's* life before? For what you did, I thank you sire."

"Rob. Call me Rob. And, well, you're very welcome. I'm glad I could help, I guess."

Isabella beamed. "I am in your debt."

"You're not. Don't be. You more than repaid it with these uh... spiders." He grimaced as he looked at the black pile of long legs and hairy bodies.

"Thank you, sire. Sire... I- I hope you will forgive my impertinence...but I have a question I must ask."

Rob scratched his head. "Ask away, talking mouse. Ask anything you want. Anything at all."

Isabella nodded. "There is a feline that resides on this street. It is as much black as it is white. It only has one eye, and it misses a claw from its left front paw."

"Oh, Smudge? Yeah I know the cat. He was the one I chased away from you. I never liked it much -- always tries to bite me when I stroke it. And it belongs to... *Charlie*."

"Charlie?"

"He..." Rob sighed. "I go to the same school as him. He's... he's a bully. He's strong and stupid, and not very nice at all! He's even put this stupid skull collar on his cat, because he thinks it's '*cool*'. You'd best stay away from them."

"But I can not! I must travel to where this *Smudge* resides."

"What's your deal with that cat? Why do you want to find it so badly?"

Isabella's head cocked slightly as she rocked back and forth on the heels of her hind paws. Rob thought he could see minute tears welling in her eyes. 

"That cat is a daemon, sire. It is responsible for the deaths of many hundreds of my race. The necklace you speak of that it wears *oh so proudly* -- they are the skulls of my family. I am the last of my line. I swore vengeance on that daemon many moons ago, and have been tracking it ever since. Last night, as the moon shone full and true... I finally found it. But, it bested me..."

"...and now you want to find it again? After what it did to you!?"

"Sire, *I must*. And I fear, even though you have already done so much for me, that I will need your help further."

Rob gave a resounding sigh and shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know... I don't want to annoy Charlie."

Isabella twitched her nose twice, then spoke slowly as she replied. "Sire, surely a brave, strong, *handsome* warrior like yourself, is not afraid of this *Charlie*?"

Rob blushed. "No -- no, of course not. It's just-"

"He should be afraid of *you*. Those arms! And the great mind that propels them!"

Rob nodded. "I guess I am smarter than him... yeah, maybe he should be afraid of me. Yeah -- he should be!" Rob leaned in close to the mouse and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. "What is it you need me to do?"

Isabella bit down on her tongue and looked sheepishly at her paws. "Well, for starters, do you have any more of that cheese? A lady cannot fight -- nor think -- on an empty stomach."
   

---

/r/nickofnight   