The pride of a swordsman prevents me from dying by anything other then the blade of another swordsman. Not by poison, not by illness and, certainly, not by a scythe. 

The scythe, what a horrible weapon it is. It is not even a weapon. It is a tool, used to harvest the crops growing in the fields of a farmer. That, to me, is the greatest insult. To die by a tool, as if I am nothing more then an object to be harvested. 

I refuse. I refuse you, Death. I refuse to die by you hand, by the hands of your scythe. You want my soul? Fight for it, fight for it with a sword in your hand. Fight for it, and win. 

That, Death, is how you kill a swordsman. 
***

You have come again, Death. Ah...I see now. You decided to use a emissary? A mortal agent? Who is it? 

Ha, Death, you belittle me. That is who you send? A kid? Death, my dear friend, is my life that cheap in your eyes? Send someone better. He is not worthy yet. No, wait. I will make him worthy. 
 
Here, kid. Come. Let me show you how to kill a swordsman. 
***

Raindrops fall, pitter-patter, down unto the empty plains. A boy, naked from waist up, stands, his arms outstretched, a blade pointing towards the sky. 

"Not a single raindrop. Not one." Before him stands a figure, ancient beyond belief, dressed simply in robes of white, speaking in barely more then a whisper. The rain itself seems to part around him, an invisible bubble repulsing raindrops as they fall. 

The boy begins to move, faster and faster, his sword moving with increasing speed and intensity, till the blade seemingly stopped, its motion too fast to be perceptible by human eye. Each raindrop falls, slienced apart, dissected, before dissapating into vapour itself, all by the sword in a human hand. 

Death looks on from above, unmoving, observing the scene play out before him. His eyes are not focused on the boy, but on the figure in white, looking for any opportunity to strike. 

His soul is so weak, so fragile, nearly dissapted, yet Death still stands obstructed, unable to strike. Death, itself, could not, using his scythe, find an opportunity to claim this figure's soul. 

"Good. Now, let's move on." The figure, seemingly satisfied with the boy's progress, signalled to the boy to follow him. He did not look at Death, not even for an instant, even as it hangs over him. 
***

The boy stands before the King, his sword outstretched, pointing right at the throne. It is a challenge for the crown, him against all of the King's knights, the best from the land. 

One by one the knights fought and fallen, each of them, spear, lance, mace, flial, powerless against the boy's sword. Death calmly follows behind, claiming each of their souls, yet, never once, did Death look at the boy. His eyes were still focused on the most precious soul of them all, that of the figure, hanging behind the boy. 

The boy soon reached the King, and, with one felt swoop, slain the King of the Land, the empire now fallen. 

"Good. Now, become the new King." The figure said again. The boy listened, the crown placed over his head. 
***

The boy became King, ruled as King, for tens of years. The figure was always there, beside him, 
Death following behind, silent in the years that followed. Whatever the boy's decision, they did not question. The boy grew and became a man, a man amongst men, his reign prosperous and long. Yet, the man was not satisfied. He abidicated his throne, the riches of his Kingdom left to his successor, and turned to face the figure once more. 

"Good. Now, you are ready." 

The figure is ever more wretched, Death hanging ever closer, yet still, Death was unable to claim his soul. The figure, hunched over, grasping the edge of a broken sword, gestured for the man to follow him. 

And thus they moved, journeying through the plains, till they reach the moutains beyond, the highest peak in all of the Land. Upon there, they stood facing each other, and the figure gestured, amidst the snow surrounding the godforsaken peaks. 

Death hung in the distance, following behind, still, silent. 

They struck. The boy was now a man, his swordsmanship growing, not diminishing, in his rule as king. It struck with the authority of the king, the grace of a sparrow, the speed of a cheetah, yet the figure dodged with ease. The figure did not strike back, opting to point out the flaws in the man's swordsmanship. The man learned a lot in the experiences he gained, yet, somehow, the figure was better. 

Nonetheless, he was improving, each dance of the blade strengthening his sword. His sword began to incorperate all that he knew, all that the figure taught him, and began to grow, explore, each strike becoming more fluent then the last. The figure seemd satisfied, yet, turning to face Death, he shook his head. 

Not enough. 
***

Death struck at this instant, its scythe slicing across time and space itself. There, Death saw his chance, and, with hunger, sought to devour his soul. The figure, at that instance, parried, the broken sword deflecting the scythe of Death. The man sword pierced through the figure, into Death itself. 

The figure smiled. Death, incredulous, look onto the sword the man plunged into him. 
***

Death...Death? What did I tell you? A harbringer of Death should be wielding a sword, not a scythe. Look, if you refuse to change, I will simply have to slay you, to replace you with a new Death, a Death with a sword. 

That is how a swordsman dies, Death. We do not die, our spirits live on in the swords of others.
***

The man stood still, the sword plunged through the chest of Death. The figure slowly crumples to the ground, the broken sword clattering uselessly to the side. He slain Death itself. 

"Good. Now, become Death." The figure spoke, before crumpling into dust. 

(feedback appreciated, trying a new style of writing.)