''Ah man this sucks..''

I am pretty bad at being a vampire. It has only been about a month now since I became one. The only change between now and then is that I can go longer without sleep but even that is just half a day or so longer than a normal person. I am not strong enough to run away or kill a small horde of zombies like the one that is currently chewing on me. But that is fine, as soon as they notice that my flesh is not rotting they will leave since they can only eat rotten flesh, in fact if the flesh isn't rotten their bites is at most on par with a cat who is nibbling on you. Enough to hurt slightly but not enough to draw blood. That is enough for a normal human to be infected and start rotting away though. 

A month ago I didn't even know vampires existed, it was just guy who lives close to me who I went to the pub every now and then with. He owed me a few drinks so he decided to turn me into a vampire in return before it went to shit with all the zombies and more shit. I don't know if the vampires had something to do with it or why they knew it was going to happen but they knew and they where preparing to move somewhere else. There was supposed to be a ban from initiating new members into the society so I couldn't be officially be introduced as a vassal, instead I just got a pamphlet to read when I woke with a FAQ and general knowledge about vampires. 

Vampires are night immortal in terms of natural aging, but most die due to various reasons after a couple hundred years or so, either through combat or simply due to not being able to handle the transmogrification process. Transmogrification is how the vampire blood in vampires purifies, they... us I guess start out as humans and over the decades and centuries the bloodline becomes more and more purified over time. If I was a century old I could probably have just easily ran away from these shits if the pamphlet is trustworthy. The dangerous parts with the process though is that if it goes too slow insanity and bodily self harm is typical by products, the purer the bloodline of the initiator the quicker the process is but my initiator never stated his age or anything hinting at his purity. From what I remember of him though was that he was kind of a loner type of guy, not the high end type of nobility I think of from cheesy vampire flicks. Those flicks gotta have totally been written by vampires right? Right? No way something like Tw*ll*ght was written by a human. Yeah he probably was quite low on the ladder. 

I have only drank blood once so far, but it was intoxicating. Like the best drink ever, I don't get why that guy went to the pub to drink a few glasses of whatever the bartender recommended that evening, cause that is always what he drank, what the bartender recommended. It said in the pamphlet that reliance on blood lessened as the transmogrification process proceeded but even then I don't think I could stop myself for more than a week in normal cases without causing some horrible accident. Guess that is something your initiator is normally supposed to help you with when he or she introduces you to the society, what an unreliable guy he is, just leaving me with a pamphlet. 

Hopefully these guys can finish soon, trying to distract myself with random innermonologing can only take to a certain extent. I hope time passes fast so I don't have keep going trying things like this too often. 