I make my way sleepily down the stairs. I'm not a morning person by any means, but it is Christmas. I begin making my way towards the kitchen for my first dose of caffeine, when I hear a noise coming from the living room. It's probably just dad; he's always up early for the service. I pull the door open and peek in. He's standing there, hands on either side of one of the elaborately adorned packages, looking wide-eyed towards the open door.

"Jesus Chr-!"
I stop my lips fast before they can complete the exclamation that suddenly seems to bear some real weight.
"I'm still dreaming, right? That's the only way I could be seeing this."
He places the present down on a table and stands up straight, turning his whole body towards me.
"I'm no dream, Rob," he tells me calmly. He holds out his hands and I can see, clear as day, the holes torn into his flesh by the driving in of nails.
"You're - you're real. You're actually..."
My eyes drift towards a large bag, full to bursting with assorted items. It's then that I notice the bare patch around the tree.
"What the fuck, Jesus?! What do you think you're doing with our presents?"
He stares at me intensely.
"Year after year I watch you sinful people gorge yourselves on Christmas food while others around the world starve. You delight yourselves in lavish, unnecessary gifts while others have nothing. But not this year! Besides, it's my birthday anyway!"

Perhaps it's madness, but I hate to lose an argument, no matter who it's with. This would be no exception.
"That's where I've got you, Jesus! People always think about you being born on December 25th in 0 AD, but experts these days don't believe that to be accurate. It's no more your birthday than it is mine!"
I don't even know what I'm saying. The whole situation is absurd.
"Well maybe it's not my actual birthday," he responds, "but it's a celebration of my birth. And think about it. Are you really going to try and stop me?"
He's got me there. If push comes to shove, I don't really want to get in a fight with the son of God.
"Fine," I say curtly, "but don't you want some of our food too?"
I go to the kitchen and return with a foil package.
"They're Quorn sausages. You know, the whole Jewish no pork thing."
He takes them, albeit somewhat reluctantly. He picks up the bag of gifts. I open the front door for him, and he looks back at me once before running out into the crisp winter morning. As I see him disappearing down the street, I say to myself:
"Joke's on him. Like we'd have Quorn sausages."