"Ma'am, we have confirmed the identity with photo identification." Sergeant Miller took off his hat and thought for a moment. "Forgive me if this sounds insensitive, but have you ever seen your husband make dinner before?"

"Well, no. But you've got to be mistaken," I replied. "He's in the kitchen right now getting flour all over the counter. Can't you smell the roast cooking?"

Miller stepped one foot into the door, obviously trying to smell what I was describing. He stepped back out and pulled out his cell phone. "I'm sorry to ask you to do this, but can you identify the man in this picture?" He held it up in front of me, and on the screen was a picture of my husband lying on the pavement surrounded by glass - his face covered in blood. I gasped and took a step back, trying to retreat from the horror of what I had just seen.

"This has to be some kind of sick joke. Who are you?" I asked, defensively.

"As I said, ma'am, I'm with the Poulter City Police Department. My name is Sergeant Miller. I wish I wasn't standing here with such bad news, but you are Mrs. Daniels, right? Mrs. Caroline Daniels?"

I turned around toward the opening that led into the kitchen, "Then who is in my house?"

Until now I hadn't even noticed that the sounds of cooking had stopped. The silence that rang from the kitchen was deafening. The officer placed one hand on his gun holster and moved forward cautiously. My mind raced as he searched the kitchen and then down the hallway for any signs of an intruder. How had that not been my husband? The man looked like my husband, and didn't have any lost twins that I was aware of. I couldn't believe it wasn't him.

And shouldn't I be crying right now? Wasn't that the appropriate response to something like this? Instead, it was almost like I couldn't feel anything at all. The image I had just seen kept flashing before me.

After what felt like an eternity, Sergeant Miller called out, "It's all clear."

I cautiously walked toward the kitchen with a face of stone. As I moved through the arch door, I expected to see the mess I had seen just moments before I had heard the doorbell. Instead, I saw only a clean counter top, and everything in its normal place. To say it gave me an eerie feeling would have been a serious understatement.

I walked over to where Evan would have been standing, completely puzzled. Then I noticed the card near the sink. I picked it up and opened it.

Caroline,

I'm so sorry I never took the time to make dinner for you or treat you the way you deserved to be treated. After the accident, I wanted to show you how much you meant to me. I hope the memory I created for you serves you well in place of what I never did. Please forgive me for all of my shortcomings, and live a good life. I'll see you on the other side.

All my love,

Evan.