"What?" I thought, as I tried and failed to remember if anything had woken me up last night. No, nothing. I had slept like a baby log. The post was from two hours ago so it had been 5am here. Clara should have been up by then, getting ready for her run. Was she back yet? I didn't know, but the lack of any noise in the house told me that the answer was probably No. That wasn't too unusual on it's own, though. She often ran all the way to Graceland Ridge to shake up her routine and took a break at near the summit. If that was the case it would be at least 10 before she returned.

"Where does she get the time?" I wondered, for the umpteenth time. I work nearly 16 hour days and still have my supervisors, advisers, grant committee members, and two dozen collaborators breathing down my neck, surveying my jugular. And Clara trains for marathons and somehow finds the time to maintain a webcomic. The worst part is that she'll finish her dissertation in the next couple of months, way ahead of schedule, and way ahead of me. Then she'll leave.

The thought of her not being in the next room stirred up some thoughts that I hadn't ever been able to neither completely comprehend nor disdainfully discard. But now was not the time for muddled melancholia. I had other, more pressing concerns. Such as clicking the '29854 comments' link.

It took me only a couple of seconds to realize that Half-Life 3 had been silently released and this was a 'Disturbance in the Force' joke.

'How original!' I mused as I closed the browser tab. Reddit was gonna be completely useless for the next week or so. Well, at least a bunch of gamers would be very happy.

A hot shower and a shave later I was starting to feel chipper once more. Sure, I had work to do, but I wasn't in any crunch. Lin's pneumonia had left my schedule slightly less seventh circlish than usual, but she was adamant that she would be back on her feet later this week, which meant that I needed to prepare a briefing for her within the next couple of days. But that could wait. I needed to call sis first.

*I'll write more later. Or maybe not. Possibly never. Who cares?*