I want to start by saying we were never a hostile race. Just like the rest of the Committee we made contact with other beings for trade. 

That all changed when my ship crashed on an uncontacted world. This place the natives called the new world. Primitive apes had not even colonized half their planet.

They had invented a devastating idea. War. No one in the Committee had ever thought of killing anyone they disagrees with. The idea was infectious. 

As I waited pick up from this planet I  spied on these humans with their fire sticks and watched as they killed hundreds of their fellow kind in a mere hour. After the dust cleared I ventured down and hot red goo flooded the field. I picked up a fire stick from fallen native. I had learned how to load their weapon from watching. I pulled the trigger and the might threw me back. What had these things invented.  I had no time to worry as my ride had shown up. 
I thought I might bring this stick home to warn the committee of such power and fear. 

I had left my home planet in search of new energy. The committee had sanctioned us for trading with uncontacted planets. Hate for the committee was growing but what could we do, trade was all we knew. 

Only 30 galactic years later my planet adopted these fire sticks. The leaders justified it as defense from invaders. There was never an invasion but we built the first military the committee had ever seen. We took the committee by surprise and the galaxy was ours. 

We did all this so we could fuel our heater and vehicles. But the military was so large we needed more energy than the committee could ever hope to have produced. 
It had to be done. Return to the place where it all started. Find the primative world and find their energy source. It had been only 30 years for me but the apes were like our insects. Short meaningless lives. 

Our army branded these fire sticks we stole so long ago. Oddly these insects had finally colonized their world and even started to try and reach the far end of there solar system. We thought that these sticks were the end the greatest weapon we had ever seen. In short it was the only weapon.
We began to amass our war ships behind their moon. A small squad landed where I had crashed and began their scouting. All they reported was some new technologies but nothing we hadn't already evloved past. 

We were ready we loaded up and the rest of the fleet entered orbit we knew we could out number these insects. 
Out of no where ship after ship started falling. 
Long flying fire sticks were coming in from everywhere. Ship after ship fell. Saftly from the mother ship I called the scouts to retreat. But the insects were waiting at their ship. 

My brethren lined up and vollied one shot at the insects. Very sucessfully had taken 2 of the insects out. But what came over the communication next will haunt me for the rest of my life. The insects were able to shoot their fire sticks hundreds of times before the scouts could reload.  None of them survived long enough for a second volly. 

Now I sit in the mothership as the last General with my leader. The 2 of use where the last. Never had we lost a soilder in war. Now they were all gone. The insects stole our scouts ship and now they hunt the last of us. A war torn galaxy was for the insects taken. Noone could stop these insects who fight amount themselves. They plan to kill everything in a crossfire. 