
Gordon was finishing the risotto ai funghi when he heard the police siren and some screams. I hope everyone is ok, the thought slipped through his mind, then going back to the risotto.
'It was good, the risotto was well done and the funghi was flavorful' Gordon told Karl. Karl expressed his appreciation while delivered the cake, it was his Mama's recipe made by his sister Robbie and the house's main dish, it could not go wrong. 
Karl was trembling nervously, he knew Gordon enjoyed the risotto, but he was afraid, Gordon had that presence and he felt he could be destroyed at any time. 
It is done - Said Robbie - He is gonna enjoy it, we did good Karl. Karl congratulated Robbie as he felt a small tremor on the ground and the kitchen utensils swaying a little. 
'What the heck? There aren't earthquakes here in North Dakota, so what was it?'
'What? Something happened?' asked Robbie as she didn't notice anything, and he just shrugged and came back to Gordon's meltdown.
Gordon was surprised with the restaurant, even though the saloon was a mess, the food was good, it had on point service and the cake looked great, it smelled delicious. That is when he heard an airplane sound and some screams outside, but there was the cake and he forgot about the outside, he tried a piece and...
That is when the sound got louder, really louder, as Karl appeared at the kitchen door, he heard the metal screeching, the glasses breaking and the impact sound.
Gordon ears were buzzing and Karl was frozen in the door, looking to the storefront, when he turned around he saw a weird round giant object, it was a weird object and there were dust everywhere, 'what is that?' he pondered, trying to shout but the voice wouldn't leave his mouth.
After a while, the buzzing was lower and the just was settling, Gordon got up to talk to Karl, 'for fuck's sake, the cake is destroyed and I didn't bite it, god damnit!'.
Karl was paralyzed, he saw Gordon mad and his storefront destroyed, the dust and glass everywhere and could not think, or do, he wanted to run, hide and couldn't move even one finger. 
Suddenly a ramp slid and two white 2-meters tall figures left the unidentified object surrounded by a smoke cloud. Gordon, confused, didn't know if looked at their eyes, their six arms or the space where their feet should be. 
Karl dropped to the ground and began praying as the smoke dissipated, the broken storefront let the light come through and a voice came from nowhere and everywhere.
'I am remorseful for being the root of any discomfort, I, Aexlnedhol Masonagomta, am profusely ashamed for degenerating your esteemed venue, your reputation and the entirety of any bother generated'
Oh for fuck's sake - shouted Gordon while standing up - what the fuck are you doing? What the fuck is your fucking English, mate? Who the fuck are you and why the fuck did you destroy this restaurant and the fucking cake that I was gonna eat?! 
Aexlnedhol was speechless, what just happened? Where am I and and should... How should I talk to him? This wasn't planned. 'You... You wants a cake? I... I am... Am sorry about my English, we... We are from the Ilus system and we... Seek friendly relations... But... But do you want a ca... Caaake? We...'
Gordon was getting more and more pissed at these weird looking figures, as the left guy kept trembling on his words he just cut him off. ' hey mate, I am the chef of the fucking show Kitchen nightmares and in this fucking show I try to fix the problems of the restaurant. This one was a had a great food and a great cake that I was going to fucking eat when you destroyed this fucking place and now you fucking need to speak clearly what the fuck are you going to fucking do?'
'We are sorry for what happened and we will fix the storefront and help with what we can around here, we are so sorry. Now, you are a chef, right? So... We brought the best chef of our planet to showcase our native dishes as a good will to your leaders. So I believe you will enjoy the cressoteli maderi, the most famous dish from Katalek, it is a sweet and fat dish, being a good way to end a meal, as our way of asking forgiveness'
While the aliens cook its cressoteli maderi and fixed the storefront, Gordon called 911 and waited with Karl and Robbie, checking the situation of the restaurant and how good working the aliens were.
'Sir Gordon, the dish is ready, and we hope you enjoy it, the storefront will be finalized in 23 minuted and 42 seconds based on your time.'
Gordon saw the dish and was disgusted. 'It looks like a fucking mess, fuck, it is just a fucking mess, green, and, crap, what is this smell? Shit' - So Gordon took a piece of the cake, it was already cut and all around the plate, being green and brown with a rancid smell. He tried, one piece went down. - For fucking sake, what the fuck is this shit? It should be fucking sweet but all you can feel is the fucking fat and oil and it is disgusting, it is awful, what the fuck are you fucking doing here? Did you just fucking came here to destroy everyone's restaurant so you can sell you fucking shit food? For fuck's sake! I was gonna enjoy one of the best cakes I have ever smelled and you fucking destroyed it to give this shit to me? This fucking shit? God damnit!'
The aliens looked around, and disappeared, their ship was there still, open, but they weren't there anymore, they disappeared.
The storefront and the restaurant was totally refurbished and renewed, nobody saw they doing but it was amazing, it became clean, organized and cozy, big windows and details in gold and wood, it all happened in a blink, without any of them noticing anything. Gordon and Karl run outside, tried to track them and be thankful, say he was sorry for being disrespectful to other cousine but the aliens were not there anymore, they and their spaceship just... vanished.
