We spoke the legends, first of all.  The people of Pargonark have heard stories of the mighty heroes for generations now, passed from one storyteller to another and never told quite exactly the same.  Some elements changed.  No one could ever entirely agree on how many arms the great metal destroyer had.  Was it six, or eight, or ten?  Was the fur which lined the winter hero’s boots and gloves white or brown?  Was the towering stone-skinned giant brought to life through magic or was he simply a man made unbreakable?  And on the rules of the otherworldly ball game that one of them played.  We would argue for hours about that.  Even creating our own version many years ago which included a pit of mutated tigers for reasons that are far too complicated to explain.  Just know that it was not my idea.

But we did know for certain that the heroes lived in the temple.  It is a holy place.  It was where we take refuge in times of strife.  It was where we bring the newly born to receive the blessing of the goddess of bubbles, fabled for her generosity, and where the elders kneel before the grim visage of the man in black smoke, seeking comfortable passage into the afterlife.

Alas, all was not peaceful for we people of Pargonark.  Vile folk roamed the lands.  They, descended from the followers of the great destroyer, had a terrible chief who sought to lay the town low with fire and ax.  And they came to the great doors of the temple and found them closed.  They bashed them for hours without end until finally the great doors fell down.  As all seemed to be lost, our savior appeared.

He arrived all at once, blinking into being as if he were always standing there and we had simply not noticed.  Skin as black as night, glistening like a riverbed, etched with red markings down either side of his face.  In a suit of gold and a cloak of green which hung down his back, all in fabric finer than any we had ever seen.  And he spoke with knowledge beyond the mortal, beyond the universe we know.  Befitting of a timeless, ageless hero.

“Huh. Looks like they reskinned this place.” Said he, as he stood alone between us and the horde of the destroyer.

The vile folk stopped as they saw him, unsure.  But their chief was unmoved by the glory of the hero and stepped forward, swinging a great metal blade.  It came down upon him and broke upon him like a branch against the mountainside.  Then the hero raised one fist and struck the chief, who instantly vanished into a cloud of pink mist.

“I guess I’m a bit overleveled for this content.” The hero said as he examined his fist.

The remaining followers of the destroyer were filled with terror and ran from the temple and from Pargonark and back to the place where they first crawled from, and the people rejoiced.  The unbreakable stone hero, Jagganath, had returned to us at last.

=

"Hello.  You've reached the Huerta residence.  We are not available now.  Please leave your name and phone number after the beep."

**BEEP**

"Manny!  It's Samir.  Man, I got Cowl Online running and it's gone post-apocalyptic.  Full-on Cloud Atlas in there.  We need to get the supergroup back together.  Call me back."