Niles never planned on curating a temple. He wasn’t superstitious in the least, in fact. He had heard of the less civilized tribes from the hills westward, however, and how some of the less transient groups would erect stone huts on their fields to appease their gods, or some sort of nonsense like that. Apparently, they would even leave offerings of food. Niles couldn’t imagine how they could possibly have any to spare– the ground was so littered with rocks, it was a challenge to grow enough to feed his own family, never mind silly spirits. Besides, as far as he knew, their crops weren’t any more abundant than his, so whatever foolishness they were engaged in was obviously a waste of time.

It was a hot day. The sun beat down on his sweat-drenched back and neck relentlessly unaware of the intense work Niles was engaged in. He had decided to clear the west field of the rocks that littered it, to get ready for planting. Though the sun was not yet at its peak, he had been hard at work since dawn and an impressive pile of stone was already heaped to the side of the field. 
Niles groaned and stood up straight, having just added another rock to the pile. They were getting heavier—or at least the seemed to be. He looked across his field, first wiping the sweat from his brow, then shielding his eyes from the sun. He was nearly a quarter of the way done, by his reckoning. The larger stones – the ones he couldn’t lift – still sat obstinately on the fertile ground, but the growing amount of fresh earth that peaked through the now pockmarked land afforded him a sense of accomplishment.

“Should be done by week’s end,” muttered Niles to himself, stretching his aching back. He turned his gaze from the field to look for a shady spot to rest. His eyes lingered on a crevasse that had appeared between two particularly large stones in his newly erected pile. It was a gap hardly large enough for him to lean back into when he sat down, but it was out of the sun, so he sat back, kicked off his boots, and pulled a loaf of buckwheat bread out of his satchel.

The sun was dipping below the hills when Niles awoke with a jerk, crumbs falling off his stubble-covered chin, and knocking the half-eaten loaf from his lap. He grabbed his boots furiously, and cursed violently when he tripped trying to put them back on. Clambering back to his feet, he snatched his satchel and hurried off toward home, mumbling something about starting all the earlier in the morning.

“What the hell is this crap!?” a shrill, voice pierced through the still-cool morning air.

Niles nearly toppled onto his back before he regained his footing, and peered at the crevasse in the stone pile, just now being touched by the sun’s first light of the day.  It took a minute for his eyes to adjust, and another for him to comprehend what he was seeing, but the recess in which he had napped the day before was now full – no, overflowing with what appeared to be an incredibly large, and immensely obese woman, struggling to free herself. It looked like she was laying on her side, stuck in the recess like a massive, wriggling cork. She was only visible from the collarbone up, and one arm seemed to be stuck somewhere behind her. It was unclear where the rest of her immense body was, as the crevasse was only a foot or two deep. Her other arm was jutting out beneath her and clutched the remainder of the buckwheat loaf Niles had dropped the day before. After a moment, Niles realized she was not in fact struggling to free herself, but was trying to maneuver the bread into her gaping mouth. Her mass and the way her shoulder was angled seemed to prevent her arm from bending far enough to quite reach her face, however, and her position thwarted her attempts to move her head to meet the morsel halfway. Her face dripped with sweat, despite the cool morning air, suggesting she had been engaged in this task for a while. As far as Niles could tell, she was completely naked.
“What is this!?” She shouted again, shaking the bread clutched in her fist and staring straight at Niles.

“It’s—it’s buckwheat loaf…” stammered Niles, “m-my wife made it.”
“Buckwheat loaf!? What the hell is buckwheat loaf!?” retorted the woman, “Has your wife never heard of honey cake?” Her disappointment apparently had not diminished her hunger as she still struggled violently to reduce the gap between her over-inflated fist and her trembling lips, now dripping with saliva.

“Are you going to help me, or just stand there like an idiot?” she gasped, panting from her effort.

Niles stepped forward and retrieved the bread from her. Already half-eaten and stale from the day before, it was now smashed and surprisingly soggy – a result it seemed of being held in her clammy hand for however long she had been stuck there. The woman opened her mouth wide—far wider than seemed natural, and Niles paused for a moment, shifting the damp bread in his hand so as to touch as little of it as possible. She furrowed her brow in frustration and alternated between pointing forcefully at the bread and her gaping mouth. 
Taking care to protect his fingers, he pushed the loaf past her teeth and watched them come down again and again, demolishing the morsel with superhuman swiftness. Crumbs tumbled out between tremendous chomps.

Niles screwed up his face, trying to mask his obvious disgust, “Who… are you?” 
