The Devil: Look, we need to talk about you putting me in every Writing Prompt.

Paul: That's my job?

The Devil: I know, and I really appreciate it. I'm just feeling somewhat self-conscious about the whole thing.

Paul: About what?

The Devil: Well, I guess, about the notoriety. I know you're trying to get my name out there, and I understand the work, but I'm having second thoughts about pursuing all of this.

Paul: Deegie Baby, let me remind you that we're in this together.

The Devil: I know.

Paul: And I love you.

The Devil: I know.

Paul: And you love you.

The Devil: Yes, sure.

Paul: And you surely love me.

The Devil: Yes, of course.

Paul: And thus, our beautiful working relationship! Deegie, I'm your manager. You work, I work. Your name is in the Prompts, buddy, I'm earning. You wanna see me down under? 

The Devil: No, I don't. Of course not. Come on, Paul.

Paul: So Deegie, you have to understand that when you come to me looking all hot and bothered and flustered it makes me nervous. You understand that, right?

The Devil: Yes.

Paul: I didn't finish, Deegie. Don't interrupt me.

The Devil: Oh...

Paul raises a cross. The Devil stiffens and his gaze centers on the symbol.

Paul: Don't interrupt me. Now listen here, you old, worn-out punk. You need new stories. You need to reinvent yourself. That is why I do. That is my job. To make sure that you stay interesting and relevant and people don't toss you aside like some low-grade, half-assed attempt at something interesting and worthwhile. Without me, you are done, Pal. You are finished. You will be uninteresting and you will WISH that your notoriety extends so far that it reaches into your ass and pulls your balls back out.

Paul puts the cross away.

Paul: Are we clear?

The Devil: Yes, Paulie. 

Paul: Good. How you feeling, kid?

The Devil: Alright, I guess.

Paul: Alright. Booked you for another one. You're playing the part of you. The narrative is: "You're exploring Heaven, the perfect city, until a homeless man pulls you into an alley. He says he's the Devil and he needs your help to expose the top officials." Enjoy, baby.