It was a hot day in the Everglades as Anacletus 'Cletus' Maxwell died.  


A particularly pointed tree branch had done it: tore right through his stomach, pinning him to the old seats of his two-seater truck like a butterfly under glass. It had skewered him right after his truck ran off the road, the ancient, gnarled thing shattering his windshield and spraying broken glass across his exposed hands and face. He couldn't even say he was in too much pain, the agony of death drowned out for the most part by confusion and surprise at a sudden spiteful attack from a universe that, for the most part, had done well by Cletus.   


The dying man's eyes drifted across the scene before him: the branch through his chest, the scattered shards of glass, the wheels of his truck still running furiously as his immobile feet pressed against the gas pedal. The glovebox had popped open, and half a pack of Sour Patch Kids and some ancient condoms were spilled out onto the floor of the car.  
His eyes drifted to the passenger seat, and somehow in his half-dead state the fact that an impossible creature sat beside him seemed like as logical a continuation of the current moment as any.  


It was tall- too tall for the roof of the truck, but that didn't seem to bother it any- and wearing, inexplicably, a tailored suit. Its face was... missing. In its place was something that hurt to look at, a swirling mass of light and color that promised an almost infinite depth, deeper than any ocean Cletus had ever known. The body beneath the suit was rail-thin, and suggested no gender whatsoever. Its hands were utterly clean, and soft, as if they had never been used. As Cletus stared into the the vast expanse of light that served as a strange face, he was suddenly struck with a feeling of complete and utter misery radiating from the creature, although even when he returned to his trailer and spent hours staring at the wall he was never able to fully understand why.  


The thing didn't move an inch, and yet Cletus suddenly felt it had shifted its attention to him. It stared down at him, and as he looked into the strange, swirling light vortex, it shifted.  
*You are dying.*  
"Yes."  
The words were instinctual, a response to an intention Cletus had imagined as he stared into the creature. As last words went, they weren't particularly good ones, either. And yet, he supposed it was all he had.  
*You will be renewed. You will serve a Purpose. It is Known.*  
The air in the truck had lost its crushing heat, and the sounds of the forest had silenced. Even the spinning of the wheels had gone. The effect was like being suspended in a bath the exact temperature of your body, and beginning to lose sense of where your skin ended and the bath began.  
"Then do it."  
There was the slightest tilt of the head from the creature, as if it had experienced some microchosm of an atom of amusement at Cletus's defiant attitude.  
*It must be Chosen. Even Known things must be Chosen. There are Conditions.*  
"Then tell me, goddamn it!"  
It was intended as a howl. It escaped a whisper.  
*You will serve Those Who Know All. You will be an outcast. You will understand that you have been Designed and Written. But you will live.*  
"I... accept."  
*Your cooperation is noted. Although it was never your choice to make.*  
The thing was gone.  


There was a high keening noise in the car, like a reversed recording of the first wailing strains of a concerto. The glass  on the floor of the car quivered, moved, jumped into the windshield. The car pulled itself back onto the road, and the blood pulled itself back into Cletus's body like a nest of hungry worms jumping atop a new corpse. His old truck simply sat by the side of a disused road, and waited.  


With shaking hands, Florida Man started the car and drove on.