"Jonny we love you no matter what honey. We'll wait as long as we have to for you" a soft, desperate whisper croons from the other side of a wooden door. 

My mother's voice is becoming more desperate as I had recently taken to holing myself inside the room. I don't want to see or talk to anyone. Stopped going to classes, ate little. No food made me feel full. They're probably wondering to themselves if they had done something wrong, since I was such a happy kid a few years back. But those smiles just became harder for me to make because it was much easier to frown, to curse, to get angry. Then I found an even easier alternative, do nothing.

So here I am, in bed thinking about all these things. But even these thoughts tire me. I rolled out of bed and fell unto the floor with a thud. This was followed by quick steps from across the hall towards my door. Not surprising because this is the first noise they've probably heard from my room in days. The neighbors below me heard too. I can hear them cursing me now, their window is open. I walk towards my own window and open it too, letting their curses flood in. I look past the man cursing me, towards the pavement a lifetime away and push myself out. 

When the concrete hit and I felt my skull crack, I was greeted by darkness and a light. Looks like death made one energetic because I felt like a new man as I dragged myself toward the light like a worm. When I was out, I turn around and realize that the tunnel I had just crawled out was my.... No, Johnny's ear. Memories come flooding back. Memories of a terrible hunger. On a rainy day many years back, Johnny had taken shelter with friends from the rain and I saw it, smelt it. Smelt his smile and I was enticed. So I dragged myself toward him, up his pants, on his shoulder and into him. Then I just ate and ate and ate. No wonder I was lethargic. Jonny didn't have anymore food for me. The lazy bum stopped making experiences for me. Now the terrible hunger is back hungry. Johnny's mom wails from the window above, she doesn't look like a good meal for me. I needed to find the young ones, those always have more food. Time to move. 
