As I entered the room, I immediately noticed the big, worn out armchair that had it's back turned to me. Hard to miss it as it was the only furnishing in the room, except the thick rug underneath it. There was a huge window, covering the whole wall in front of it. Looking through the window you could see the blackness of the universe, with a few last drops of color here and there.

"Hey old friend."

"Hello Death", the entity in the armchair spoke. "Please have a seat."

I took a few steps and sat in the newly materialized chair. I looked to my left and there he was, Life. We've known each other forever, literally. He was wearing his favorite form, the human one, with his goddamn green-checkered cardigan and the off-white shirt underneath.

"You know why I'm here?", I faintly asked.

"Do you know what used to be there, where the blueish speck is?", he asked pointing somewhere right in front of him.

"That was Earth", he replied before I could. "I gave so many beings life in this world, but those humans, those stubborn creatures made me the proudest. They knew what to do with my gift the most. It was always hard when one of their stories ended, but like all great things, it had to."

"I liked them too", I replied. "You never knew what you would get. Either that insane resistance they showed, so resolute when I came knocking. Or the simple, complete acceptance of their last moments. That knowledge that they did everything they could, while understanding what the power you bestowed upon them was all about."

"Thank you for being who you are, Death." He said, his voice growing coarser. "Without you, my gift would have had no meaning."

"We had a good run, didn't we? You creating your masterpieces, me adding the final touch to complete them."

I noticed that there were fewer and fewer colorful specks on the horizon.

"I wonder, all stories we created together, all lives I have given. They had meaning, they were remembered. But what about us old friend, who will know our voyage?", Life asked looking at me.

I looked to my left and got lost into the faint golden glow of his eyes for a few seconds, then I replied:

"Fitting, for you to ask the same question they always ask when I come. For them, I knew the answer, and upon seeing me they knew too. But this time friend, I only know we had a good run."

Life chuckled slightly. The window became a perfect pitch black.

"I'm ready, you can finish your final mission Death."

They all thought I had a choice, I didn't. I was just there to see them go, and aid their passing. I felt everything they felt in those final moments. I looked to my left as Life's human form fell apart, his energy slowly dissipating.

"Thank you." I said.

There was one thing those humans always said: "There is no Life without Death." But few remembered that the opposite is also true. 

"There is no Death without Life.", I uttered, as I saw my own energy fading away.

And then there was nothing.