It was hard at first.  There was no 'how-to' guide for what I could do.  Every day I would awaken and find some new problem that needed sorting.  But it's different.  It's not something you need to think much about.  It's just...different.

When I was still young, the right choice would give me excitement.  I would be introduced to a problem and try to solve it as quickly as I could.  Some days it went exactly according to plan.  Everything would fall into place spectacularly and it was truly remarkable.

But some days...well, let's just say the "correct" answer isn't always the most obvious one.  As I grew older, that fact became more and more apparent.  People could still suffer from my choices, even when it was the correct one.  I would sometimes weep for days when I was young.  How could this be what I am supposed to do?  How could I sit there, staring at the correct answer, yet feel the sounds of misery clouding my mind like a deadly gas?

As I matured, I learned that this is simply the way of things.  There is no place, no world where everything goes *right*.  In fact, sometimes the only correct thing to do is to make a mistake so that we can learn from it.  Understand why we made that decision and learn a valuable lesson that will better serve us down the line.  Life isn't cut-and-dry.  Sometimes the right answer leaves no winners at all.

But...what if an answer is intentionally incorrect?  If we can learn from our mistakes, what would happen if one such mistake was made *intentionally*?  Would we not learn in the same way if that decision was considered right?  And who – what governing or holistic power is able to discern the right decisions from the wrong ones?

Fighting the urge to make the correct decision was hard, but it was something I had committed to doing ever since the thought crossed my mind.  I trained for years to understand what mechanisms caused me to create a right answer.  And after many millennia I found that the only wrong decision I could create was something small.  Smaller than the life of men, smaller than the life of one single man.  Something tied down to the laws of nature – but not too tightly.  And finally after decades of searching, my opportunity became clear.

Ironically, it came down to a single spark.  Or, the lack thereof.  As new types of machinery developed, I found that humankind became more and more dependent on these advancements.  These machines helped further develop literature, food, medicine, and even transportation.  Automobiles became a staple of all nations across the world.  But what were to happen if these types of machines failed?  That’s not to say they don’t fail already – but what if every piece of machinery was functioning in every way that it should…and then suddenly didn’t?

My tale will take us to a more central location of the world.  A promising heir to a throne was travelling through the streets of his city with his usual motorcade.  After taking a wrong turn due to a miscommunication, our heir was forced to have his driver throw his automobile in reverse.  Only this time, there was no spark to ignite the fluids that allows the engine to turn the wheels.  The wrong outcome to something that should have been a minor inconvenience if dealt with *correctly*.  After all, what is the worst that could happen?