I imagined my death for years. The Transportation Effect had been unwittingly created about a decade before I was born. I grew up hearing stories from schoolmates and relatives of all the Final Ceremonies they had attended. The sunny warmth of the portal. The lavender scented air of the Ceremony location. I committed every detail to memory, both excited and terrified of the day when someone I loved would pass and I would be invited to assist in the loving send off of my dearly departed. I waited but it never came...

A sweet girl with an infectious giggle was in my class in 5th grade. She had dozens of stories of ceremonies she'd attended. A great grandparent. A former nanny. A bus driver who had taken a shine to her. It seemed everyone this girl encountered had fallen in love with her.  It became a regular and accepted occurrence that she would vanish from class and return moments later flushed and teary eyed.

Meanwhile, the people around me seemed to be dropping like flies and I hadn't attended a single Ceremony. My own father passed away suddenly of a heart attack when I was 15, and although our relationship had always been strained, I thought surely he loved me enough to invite me to his Final hour... and yet....

At some point in my 20s I accepted my inability to be loved by others. It was a bitter pill which took me 27 years to swallow but there was no fighting it. By that time, I had lost both parents, three grandparents, a close friend died in a motorcycle accident, a cousin who I'd helped get off drugs OD'ed, and I had heard of several acquaintances passing. No portal for this guy. No lavender air for me.

So be it. I was done seeking affection. Although I had not failed to explore the world of intoxicating women, I had given up hope of a lasting relationship. I treated everyone kindly \- to be sure. I'm not some kind of monster, you see. I just go into encounters with others cognizant of our inevitable parting. I learned to make the most of my interactions and let them pass. I made lemonade, you know?

I worked hard. I traveled often. I experienced art and music and earth shattering sex. I engaged in convivial conversation with strangers about all these things. It was good. Good enough by any measure, certainly.

On April 25, my 45th birthday \- I closed my eyes for the last time. To be honest, my death was kind of a let down. My adult life had been pretty exciting and I had envisioned a cause of death equally exciting. A hang gliding accident in Mexico, perhaps, or a shark attack while surfing in Australia - that was more my speed. Instead, I was taken by the same heart defect that took my father 30 years before.

I lay with my eyes closed, asleep as far as I knew, prepared to enjoy the hour of lavender and warmth in solitude. It was just as incredible as the stories I heard. The warmth of the portal was sort of like laying on a beach with the sun baking into my pores while a gentle breeze blew the burn away. The scent of the lavender was pervasive and familiar, the way my grandmother's kitchen would fill with the scent of sugar and cinnamon when she baked. Slowly, a hum pushed itself up and over the feeling and the scent. The hum became chatter and the chatter became voices and suddenly I realized I was not alone.

Reluctantly, nervously, I opened my eyes. I didn't see my own face, of course, but I'm certain there was a refined quality to my slack\-jawed shock.  The tall, white room was packed. There must've been 100 people crammed in like pennies in a bank wrapper.   Familiar faces started to stand out to me among the expectant smiles. I saw my parents, arm in arm. My grandparents shuffled forward. My cousin and my motorcycle accident friend threw hands in the air and waved grinning from the back. There were unfamiliar faces, too.  A girl I vaguely remembered bedding in Brazil stood to the side looking sexy as hell.  The mail carrier who had served my block my whole damn life was there, smiling, wearing the damn mail sack.

I stood and stuttered. "But..... I.... Mom?" Her smile grew somehow wider and it seemed she understood my confusion.

"Well, my love," she said, pausing for a moment in search of the right words. "The Final Ceremony isn't exactly what you thought it was. This final hour is not for the loving, it is for the loved."

I stared blankly, clueless to her meaning. She tried again.  "The living, and sometimes deceased, are transported to the Final Hour of the people THEY love. They are not transported to the final hour of the people who love THEM. It seems that way to most because usually love is mutual. But in your case.... well, honey...."

"You didn't love US enough," my father broke in. "But we all loved the hell out of you." The room murmured and heads nodded in unanimous agreement.

My Brazilian fling's thick Portuguese accent joined the conversation. "I never in my life meet man so incredible. You inspire me take all of life. Live all days hard and with joy. It wake up love in my heart so strong I never forget," she finished tearfully, the smile still plastered to her lovely face.

"Actually," a new voice from the back piped up. "It isn't about love at all \- well, not the way we understand it. It's about touching souls. Just before you pass, you are reunited with all the souls that you've touched.  Maybe no one who touched your soul passed away, but you... you've touched... all of us." The voice finished and a girl pushed through the crowd. My classmate from grade school was there, smiling her sweet smile, giggling her contagious laugh.

I started sobbing. Uncontrollably, I sobbed. I covered my face with my hands as if to push the tears and noise back in where it belonged. Instead, the sobs came harder and louder until I just let it go. Suddenly I felt arms around me. My mother's strong arms wrapped tight around my waist. One after another, the visitors pressed in around me. Their arms intertwined like straw in a birds nest, cradling the weight of my overwhelming emotion until I descended peacefully into the After.