“Ugh...” I groaned looking at the blue spectral flames that had risen in the goblet. A summoning. 

Everyone on earth thought that when you did a summoning ritual you summoned the big guy, Satan himself. But he was to busy ruling hell to answer petty calls from earth. No demons like myself took care of those calls. 

I hated my job. I wanted to be part of something bigger, something better. But no. I took calls, people summoning who had a wish, usually lame ones, like wanting a few inches more below the belt. Or their one true love to notice them. It was all so damned boring.

I flicked my wrist, causing the flames o rise up and engulf me. Taking me to the circle that the person used to summon me. I felt the sensation of being back on earth. But something was different. 

I opened my black eyes and looked down at my body. I was inhabiting some body I had possessed centuries ago. Dressed it up in classy black suit. I looked up at where I was a dimly lit basement filled with boxes, dust and junk. 

Usually when I arrived I could smell some sort of sin of the person who called me. Lust, sloth and greed where the big ones. But there was no sin this time. No pride, no gluttony. But here was something else. Fear.

I scanned the room and saw a small boy with uneven cut hair and green eyes peering at me from behind a box on the ground. ‘Shit.’ I thought to myself. One of the few policies Hell stuck to was no dealing with minors. 

“Are you the devil?” The little boy squeaked out from behind the box. He raid his head a little more with the question. 

“No.” I said simply. My voice low and monotone, of the humans I was possessing. I glared at the boy. “I can’t deal with you. Nor will I.” I turned on my heel to go back to my office in Hell. But the boy spoke up. 

“Please you have to help me! No one will.” His voice started cracking and getting more earnest. “My friends Said God would help. But he hasn’t answered my prayers. 

I snorted. God like the devil didn’t answer calls of humans. It was up to the angels to do that, and they were to up on their high horses to assist low being like humans. Which I found funny considering they damned Lucifer for not bowing to man. 

I turned around “listen ki-“ I was cut off. The boy had fully emerged from the box, and was covered with wounds. Not just bruises. But cut wounds and burns that looked like they were from cigarettes. My demon blood began to boil. 

“Please help me mr...” the child cried. “I am scared...” Then a loud noise a thunk. Like something had fallen.

I reached into my pocket and pulled out a coin. I flipped it to the kid. I could hear movement upstairs. “I can’t grant your wish kid. But that coin can. Tell it what you want...” I said.

The kid held the coin up to his face, confused, as the footsteps grew louder and louder. He closed his eyes. “I want to be free...” he said to the coin. 

A door slammed open, a light shimmering down from upstairs. The light showing the dark wood of the stairs the creaked beneath the heavy footsteps. “Boy!” A man screamed from the stairs. 

The boy sprang up and ran behind me. He trembling hands clutching my pant leg, while he sobbed. Something erupted inside of me. I hated humans like this. Humans bad mouth demons and call them monsters. But refuse to acknowledge that they are monsters as well.

The man finally arrived downstairs. His fat belly protruding out from under his, stained, white undershirt. “Boy you are to come when called! Or do you need another lesson.” The man looked over to me. “Who the fuck are you.” Normally I wouldn’t let anyone who didn’t summon me see me. But I wanted to make an exception. 

I walked calmly up to the balding man. The scent of whiskey surrounding him. I looked into the mans green eyes with my own black eyes. “Did you do this to your son?” I asked. 

The man couldn’t lie to me. But shook his head. I could see everything in his eyes. The sins he had committed. The lust, chasing after every woman that would look at him. The gluttony and sloth, never working and staying home drinking, driving the mother of the child away. The greed, taking things that didn’t belong to him. The pride, thinking he was untouchable even from the cops who had came to investigate some leads. The envy for everyone around him that had things much better than his own. Finally the wraith that took out on his son every night. 

I held up my hand, the fat monster of a man was flung against the back of the wall. I tightened my hand, gripping his soul with my power. Terror and pain filled the mans face as he struggled against the wall. He squealed and sobbed, not able to get any words out of his mouth. I twisted my hand and the mans neck twisted around with a sickening crack. 

I turned away from the body. I walked towards the child who was on the ground. I put my hand on the child’s head. “Seems the coin granted your wish...” I said with small gentle smile. “If you ever find yourself back against the wall again. Make a wish on that coin again. It might grant it.” 

I walked towards the circle the boy had summoned me from. A light formed, beginning to take me back. Before I disappeared, the boy called to me. “Are you an angel?!” 

I was back in my office before I could answer, no. But the question did bring a smile to my face. 


