The eyes steered as the complacency dwindled. Their eyes stared clear of the truth for so long it was hard to adjust. 

"This is sad, I don't want to continue", Todd said as his dormant, inner torment became more real by the second.

"Then quit", Marie joked as she saw through his qualms as past entanglements, though she knew her's were about due as well.

Todd wanted so bad to look to Jordan, his son for encouragement, but knew the sight would only bring him to relinquish all he's been fighting.

"I have to stay clear, or I might die, or I might die?? get a grip Todd, we need this money", his inner voice repeated, and he already felt as though she'd won. This was a mind game, above all. 

"I've seen the corners of your mind Todd, remember the lollipops?"

Todd quivered, "What the fuck? Where did she get that, and did she even move her mouth? I don't know what going on...anym.." he stammered 

"The yellow was is my favorite, I know you hated them as a child, I wonder why? Why Todd?" She berated 

Todd took a deep breath. "Remember your training, remember, aahhhh!! I don't want to go there, it's not mine to see anymore!"

He was at his ends meet and couldn't move to look away, she had his soul, staring, waltzing in space, time was a distant memory.

Todd grew up hating his peripherals, that's where the bad things came from. That's were that Buick came from.

"You were 6 and confident, but after that day, you gave up on the world and you'd never tell Jordan this, but your most afraid of the subtleties, to which you yield in the night. Ohh my dear Todd this is a game of wits, not skill, and your skeletons have grown into fine young men, walking about in the caverns you call disposition." She said with a cunning smile

The crowd watched in disbelief, she was good, but her foot trembled, what was she hiding?

"If only I could stay in character, I hate this, his terror is so close to mine. I want to stop.." Marie's inner dialogue grew weary, and held a sudden twitch in her eye.

Todd breathed deeply, his exhale calmed, until interrupted by a forging in his naval.

"What is this? I feel violated. I feel alone and disgusted with myself, is this who I am?" Todd questioned

"Don't give up Dad!" Someone shouted from the surrounding. Security looked and escorted out the interruption.

"Who was that? I don't know, what am I doing? Who is this person, green eyes, blue skin. I can't help but lean in and feel her." 

"Who are you?" Todd asked

His distant wife had taking form from Sirius A. 

"I am your puzzle piece, your discretions, your eternal source of comfort, yield at this game or your life on earth would have been for nothing." The woman said.

"Where are you from?" Todd questioned hesitantly

"Search and you will find, I'm from the middle, of it all."
She responded 

The crowd looked in confusion, as Todd began signing Morse code with his right hand.

Marie couldn't take it, the stagnant energy had longed consumed her waking mind, but she was lost, in a dark abyss, running, into everything, but reaching nothing.

A translator, gave sight into the hand signs. But charged a fee for specifics. The general theme up as a talk with a yellow lollipop. 

Marie sat in the dark sphere and broke down.
"I quit!" She screamed, and her voice echoed and echoed, reaching no one.

She sat, ran, lied, and screamed. Time was lost and forgotten, but space seemed to live for eternity. She grew tired and decided "If I can't go up or around, I'm going threw the floor." 

In a moment of desperation, she stood tall on her to palms and clapped to dive through the floor, her fingers bent in agony, and her head shattered indescribably. Her body lied awake without a head, forever.

"Source has questioned you, never has a being been in such a quest, but you, growing tired for asking of your family, have joined a game, to which the price is money, but the loss is your will of life. You think this is a simple battle, but as you see you fears have become a reality, and your sense of self is no longer, tell me who are you?" The lollipop questioned.

"I don't know" Todd answered genuinely 

"You are me, I am you, my wrapper is your cloak, put it on."

"I don't want to." Todd turned away, only to be surrounded by thousands of cloaks, thousands of moist wrappers. He bolted, grazing and tripping over the scent and thick liquids, only to fall and become overwhelmed. 

The proctor walked firmly onto the stage watching there blank faces in despair, "It's a draw, they're no longer here, tune in next week folks for the anticipated match Trump Vs Clinton!"





















