I was bemoaning the monotony of the week and looking forward to watching Netflix with a pepperoni pizza hot pocket when my hands closed around the grip of an H&K P30.

"Huh?" I reached into my backpack looking for the exact change I set aside but accidentally reached into my magic leather bag instead. "Wow! What am I supposed to do with this?" I thought to myself as a thin smile scrawled across my face and an equally thin sheen of sweat dampened my brow. 

"Excuse me .. " I uttered with a nervous chuckle as I wiped my forehead with my sleeve "I seem to have misplaced.."  but the bus driver didn't seem to care, he just asked me to sit down in the front seat while I found my money. 

I knew exactly what I had to do. I closed my fist around the plastic grip, thumbed the safety. I felt the papery dryness of my tongue whisper across the cracked surface of my lips and swallowed. My heart was racing, I didn't ask for this but I knew I was running out of time so I pulled the black semi automatic and pointed it at the bus driver. "Relax." I heard myself say as if someone else said it "Nobody has to get hurt mister."

But it was too late, he slammed on the gas accelerating through a stop traffic signal. An old lady with yellow sunglasses and a pink peacoat screamed as the sudden movement sent me hurtling through the aisle. My teeth clicked and the taste of metallic ichor filled my mouth as I crashed to the floor. Somehow I managed to hold on to the P30 and I knew there was no time left. I steadied my aim and had enough time to think  I wasn't going to be having that hotpocket after all. Nope. Not for me. 
 
BANG BANG BANG the semi auto yelled into the night and it was the last thing the driver heard as he attempted to plow into a crowd of pedestrians. Istead the bus crashed into a parked car and the  g drive survived and is serving what amounts to life in  a a federal prison. Some want to know how I knew. Some people call me a hero. I'm just a man with a bag dude. Just a man with a bag.

