They don't always believe me at first.

Why would they want to? When someone looks someone straight in the eye and tells them exactly what they're thinking, everything within them is hard wired to believe that it's just a coincidence. It's uncanny. It's unbelievable.

It started as a feeling. When I was a child my world was just as simple as any other, with the exception of being able to tell with stunning accuracy exactly when my kingdergarten teacher was sick of being at her job. I understood people pretty fast. Making friends was easy because I could tell exactly what someone wanted out of me. Did they want to laugh? To date me? To be me? Sometimes. I was popular in high school, a master of understanding.

I wanted to be a psychologist. I wanted to help people, to teach them how to cope in the world when they were struggling with something they couldn't understand; themselves.

It was when I met Kenny Bergarwick that my plans changed.

He was not a kind man. He was psychopath, a narcissist. He was greedy and unkempt, and he smelled like ozone. He lurked past me on the glittering city streets one night by chance, hunched over in a ratty leather coat and smoking a Marlboro black, his cracked lips blowing smoke into the foggy air. A club beat its music in my bones to my right, and as I turned to watch him walk down the street one of my girlfriends called for my attention. My skin crawled. Something horrible was about to happen. I had never felt such a gut-clenching wave of impending terror before in my life. I was certain of one thing; this man was up to no good.

"I'll be right back!" I called over to my friends, who stood at the entrance of the club, blue and yellow light bursting behind their backs. They called after me in drunken protest, but I was already following the man down the block, pushing past the people moving the in opposite direction. I could see his messy hair before me in the crowd, and then he ducked to the right into an alleyway.

I hurried, searching desperately, and took what I was sure was the same right. The alley way was dark, and I moved forward, my heels clacking noisily in the sudden quiet before with a shock and a *clang* my right foot punched through a grate in the ground.

I cursed loudly, yanking hard at my leg, and just as I was sure I got it free two hands grabbed my shoulders and shoved me forward hard, snapping my heel. I screamed, scrambling to my feet, unsteady as I turned around to face who I would come to know as Kenny. He sneered at me, looking me up and down with distaste. It wasn't often that someone looked at me with such disgust, and I felt it deep in my gut. This man didn't want to hurt me, but he might.

"Are you following me?" He snarled. I shook my head, and in an attempt at self preservation and a fit of terror, turned and vomited hard next to the dumpster. He took at step back, and when I lifted my head I saw a flash of light beneath his jacket, and wires. "Well stay out of me way," he snarled, and began to walk away. *"Crazy drunk..."*

I watched him walk away, wiping the corner of my mouth. My hazy brain said that I should call the cops. Frantically, I stumbled back out on to the street, trying to find an address as I dialed. 

"Hello, yes? I would like to report a bomb threat."

They apprehended him that night before any damage was done. It turns out in a drunken rage he was going to kill his ex-boyfriend who he had caught cheating on him several days prior. It was then that I realized, should I be in the right place at the right time, I could save a lot more people than I had ever thought. 

I didn't know that in the end it would mean I would do just the opposite. 