Aldreassa Blacke adjusted her top after the long chocobo ride. It exposed her well defined midriff. As she slid down from the pink creature, which matched her hair she drew her long sword. The weapon was taller than the girl and extremely broad. Her pretty face and large eyes reflected from the blade’s mirror like alloy. It wasn’t every day that you had an enchanted sword forged by the world’s greatest blacksmith. Though on second thought, Aldreassa had always fought with the sword so maybe it was an everyday occurrence. Beside of her Saehild Frobisher walked up carrying his massive war hammer. A clutch of pistols attached to a bandoleer draped over the vest he wore that exposed his massive arms and part of his chest and abdomen. Frobisher’s arms were thicker that Aldreassa’s legs. He smiled at her, a glint in his good eye. 

“What do we have over there?” He asked. The wind gently rustled his spikey platinum hair.

“Another adventure,” she said. “When the rest of the party gets here we’ll cross the valley and take out that enemy.”

She pointed to a single figure who was just standing there. She wasn’t sure if it was a person in strange armor, or something else. The thing was a dark color, and very drab. It’s head turned in her direction and she gripped her sword tighter. It was some type of armor, but nothing like the royal guard wore. Aldressa prepared to cast a healing spell in case the thing wounded Saehild when he would inevitably charge.

“I have a feeling he will know who murdered my parents, and kidnapped my little sister,” she said barely holding back the anger and despair. Her entire village had been raped and murdered. Everyone except her sister, but it was almost time to extra justice. “He looks like one of the strangers we’ve been told about.”

Saehild grunted in agreement. He was the strong silent type.

The figure in the distance was holding an object in one hand. It looked something like a very large chicken egg, but a bit more pointed. It had a red tip and a yellow stripe around the front of it, with some more yellow on the side. He Picked up something that looked like a bit like an odd collection of metal. It wasn’t a sword, or a rifle, or any type of common weapon.

Sydney Eberhardt pull up next to them on her chocobo. Her magic was probably not needed for the weird olive drab knight with his little green egg and piece of metal, because Aldreassa’s would be more than enough. 

Sydney hopped down and blushed as she looked at Saehild. He gave her a broad smile black, with his eye patch giving him a roguish quality.

Across the valley, the lone knight across had placed the green egg on the piece of metal, which he now had balanced on his shoulder.

After a minute of staring into Saehild’s eye, Sydney suddenly pivoted to face Aldressa, causing her short skirt to flutter as she whirled about. She pointed to the figure.

“Shall I fry him with chain-lightning?” Sydney said, then giggle. 

“Not yet,” Aldreassa said in low a voice. “We’re just waiting for this to start. It should be any moment."

The group all heard strange music, very different from what they were used to.

“What is this crap?” Saehild groaned.

The music was low. It had the sound of a lonely breeze accompanied by pianos. It was both desolate and menacing. Where was the hope or the possibility of uplift? What about the sounds of the stringed instruments? Why was the music so different Aldreassa wondered.

“Get ready!” Aldreassa commanded as the rest of the party arrived. “This is going to start any minute now.”

Sydney’s hands began to glow and Saehild took a few practice swings with his war hammer. Aldreassa tightened her grip on her sword. The rest of the party walked over in slow motion, their hair flowing like honey in the time dilated breeze.

Aldreassa noticed the figure lean the piece of metal up slightly and then the egg came racing out of the weird piece of metal.

Aldreassa started to tell Sydney to fry the object but as she started to say something a blinding flash, stopped her.

WAR.

WAR NEVER CHANGES. EXCEPT THIS TIME

The flash consumed Aldreassa and the rest of her party instantly as the blinding flash turned to a fireball, which sprouted like a mushroom into the sky.

FINAL FANTASY/FALLOUT TACTICS. COMING NOVEMBER 2019.

WILL YOUR VAULT DWELLER SURVIVE IN A NEW LAND? CAN LIFELONG FRIENDS DEFEAT THE WASTELAND? FIND OUT IN THE ANTICIPATED CROSSOVER AVAILABLE ON PS4, XBOX, PC, AND NINTENDO SWITCH. PREORDER NOW TO START WITH THE T-51B POWER ARMOR AND THE RUNEBLADE WITH 2 RUNE SLOTS. THE COLLECTOR’S EDITION FEATURES TWO RARE CHUBBY CHOCOBOS AND THE FATMAN WITH 4 MINI-NUKES.
