The day dawned cold and sharp: although he woke pressed side-to-side with his brothers, he had smelt the cold with his first waking thought. The cold was new to him, a time when the air cut into his lungs and made everything difficult. The earth felt different during the cold and each breeze seemed to steal one's breath away. Tucked into the deep hollow of earth that was Home, days with cold were ones where discomfort warred with hunger. No one wanted to leave Home on those days, but the hunger pushed and pulled and someone would pull away from the others eventually, leaving an emptiness behind that the chill would use to creep in. After that there was no sense in any of them staying. 

Despite the cold, he felt a sudden rush of delight as leaves crackled underfoot. Their movements, stirred as they were by his passage, seemed wonderfully unpredictable. With a breath and a wriggle he crushed one beneath his feet, then another, missing a third when one of his siblings reached it first. They struggled briefly over the honor, their small voices rising in challenge, until a moment of poor balance cost him the battle and he overturned. He lay in a tumble for a moment, catching his breath, until the sound of the leaves reminded him that there were leaves aplenty -- and, if they were lucky, their investigations would overturn something to eat as well. There was much to be found in the wood if you knew where to look and Mama always knew. 

Today Mama was leading them somewhere new, a place so strange that they all lingered behind the trees before they approached it, even Mama. It was a mountain so high one could barely see the top, unnaturally smooth and angular. Light shone from it in patches: a captured star here, a dimmed star there, their purposes impossible to determine. There were large open spaces around the mountain and it was at the edge of one that they crouched. 

Yet they knew why they were here, even with the uncomfortable strangeness of it, for mingled with the metallic and chemical odors of the place was a richer scent, hot and heady. There was meat here, fresh and not yet rotted, meat that had not been found by vultures or coyotes. Those creatures would not dare come here, where their larger bodies would be easily spotted. 

Mama went first, creeping cautiously along, her body low to the ground and her head held up. One by one the others followed. The tall grasses hid them without the need to crouch as Mama had done, and although they did their best they blundered into one another and over rocks and sticks. The smell grew stronger as they crept along and they had almost reached it when disaster struck. Perhaps it was the noise they made, young as they were and not so graceful as Mama; perhaps it was by some other sign that their downfall came. 

There was a noise, loud and horrible, a creeping, creaking sound followed by a bang like the sound a tree made when it hit the ground. They ran in half a dozen directions, some back to the wood, some forward, one or two to either side. He heard a deep and terrible sound, something in between a coyote's bark and an owl's sonorous call, and fled without marking the direction. Through the grass he glimpsed a creature a hundred times his size, huge and terrible, with great sagging folds of skin hanging from its skeletal body. He did not know where Mama was, where his brothers or sisters were, where anything was. He fled until there was no more noise, until he could wedge himself into a tiny space that held no more horror. 

The crevice he had found smelled strongly of something he could not place, but that was all to the good. Even if the monster had a nose like a coyote, it would not find him here. His heart pounded madly in his chest, and he shook with fear, for if a coyote could not find him .. what if Mama couldn't either? Yet before he could work up the courage to slip out of his hiding place, the monster drew nearer, its massive feet marking its location with thunderous footsteps. He held his breath, closing his eyes  and biting back a whine of terror as the creature approached. 

It grew closer .. closer .. and then clambered atop the mountain in which he was hidden, making the whole of it shudder and shake with its great weight. Did it know he was here? Did it realize that its prey huddled inside the mountain? He didn't know but he couldn't run out now, for it would surely see him. There was a jolt and the mountain began to shake anew, vibrating under his feet, and his stomach lurched. Fear alone kept him in place, huddled in a tight ball of misery. 

Hours passed -- or minutes -- he wasn't sure how long he was wedged there in that awful place, a strange heat building around him. He knew only that after a time, the unaccountable vibration seemed to push him forward; startled from his reverie, he clung and scrabbled at the interior of his prison, but it was no use. Bit by bit he slid, slipping toward the entrance that had led to this small space. Although his hiding place had grown warm, cold air rushed past him as he fell, and he tumbled and bumped and rolled, then hit the hard ground with a sudden pang of agony as the mountain rushed over him. All at once he was in the open air, flung there by some great force, and the terrifying emptiness of the sky above him was almost worse than the pain. 

One leg burned with pain, new and unaccountable: he had never felt anything like this in his short life. There were a dozen other small aches, but those were easier to ignore than his leg. He tried to stand, the openness of the world screaming to him of danger, but his leg gave way beneath him. Fear choking him, he set himself to crawling, praying that he would come to some shelter -- darkness, if not warmth or care. There was a roaring nearby, too massive to be an animal, but he could not bring himself to look. He bent all his energy on crawling, pushing himself forward inch by inch .. 

... until something lifted him from the cold ground. He cried out, certain at first that some even more horrible fate awaited him, but fear and weariness soon spirited away his voice. Soft warmth enclosed him and at first he fought, but it wrapped more tightly around his body and he had not the strength to escape. He lay still, panting with exhaustion and pain, and after a time he slept. 

When he woke again, the pain in his leg had dulled to a distant ache. Mama was cleaning him, working at some stubborn spot on his forehead again and again, and he began to squirm before he even opened his eyes. When he did he went still, for it was not Mama but one of the giant creatures: so much larger that even its head was many times his size. He froze, wide-eyed, but it made small noises and began to clean him again. The touch was so like Mama's, the gesture so familiar, that he found himself relaxing. When the cleaning was done it set before him a mound of something that smelled absolutely heavenly and he set himself to it with a will, standing up to make certain he could reach every morsel of the magnificent feast. Behind him the giant made strange sounds, the purpose of which he could not understand, but the food was not taken away so he ignored them. 

Only once he had nearly eaten his fill did he realize that he was not alone. A short distance away sat someone even bigger than Mama, whose larger frame had been the biggest he had ever known. He was male and darker than she was, a looming wall of midnight black. Realizing with a start that this must be his territory, that he had all unknowingly intruded, he stopped eating, mouth going dry. 

But the hulking figure did not growl or curse: he merely settled into a seated position, feet tucked beneath him and expression indicating mild interest. 

Well. 

That was not what he expected. Food momentarily forgotten, he approached: cautious at first and then delighted, relieved that he was not alone with these terrifying giants after all. 



In later days, he learned that the giants had a name for him, a certain collection of syllables. Answering to those sounds often resulted in pleasant caresses or edible delicacies. The agonizing pain in his leg retreated, becoming nothing but a distant memory, and there were no more days of cold, sharp and painful. There was food, as much as he could wish, and when the giants were still for any length of time he could stretch himself atop them and forget that there ever had been cold at all. His new brother often cleaned him, as Mama had once done, and was there to sleep beside whenever he was lonely. 

He could not completely forget the events that had brought him here, and there were times when loud noises drove him into hiding, reluctant to emerge for hours at a time, but he could not discount the profound changes that had been wrought in his life due to those brief hours of terror and pain. He had a Home now, where he was warm and fed and kept in the pleasant company of others of his kind. 

Best of all, at times the giants brought others into the Home, small and wriggling and crying with loneliness or loss, and just as his new elder brother had once done for him he was there to comfort them. To clean their heads and sleep beside them so that they would know that whatever had passed before this moment, they were now warm and safe.

------------


[[ Sorry, couldn't manage to work in a lizard, but here's a story with a kitten and a happy end! :) I thought it would be fun to do a dramatic take on the story of how we got one of our cats! 

At the time we were planning on rehabilitating him to give him away. However, he tumbled into our lives just months after we had attempted to rescue another cat, a big ginger tom that sadly passed away before we could get him the care he deserved. When we'd wiped away the grease and found Harold shared his markings and his colors, we knew we couldn't give him away. 

http://imgur.com/a/YgEd1 ]]