Like so many other things, it began with the words: "listen, I have a great idea." I was there, that first night, at Milliways. That was back in the early days, where there were less than a hundred chrononaughts, it was a brave new world, the final frontier, we were boldly going where no man had gone before. So we built a bar.

Back then time-jumps were still the reserve of wealthy geniuses. It was before all the commercialism bullshit, now anyone can get a ticket to anywhen for a couple of hundred credits. It's surprising how quickly time travel loses it's appeal when you find out that the past is near enough impossible to alter. A minor change will correct itself somehow, and a major change creates a new world-line that deteriorates within a few hours, mostly. Anyway, I'm getting off topic. 

As I was saying, back when things were more exclusive, we'd have these little get-togethers, we formed a club. Called ourselves *The International Chrononautical Society*. We had a little clubhouse down in London, but it always got swarmed by journalists. Bastards.

Anyways, we had this idea, what if we kept meeting in the same place, but at another point in history. We tried the 1920s for a while, which was fun while it lasted, but we still got too much attention, despite people not knowing who we were and what we could do. We ended up abandoning the idea after one night when we got three bad timesplits in a matter of hours. Have you ever gone through a particularly rough split? Gives you one hell of a hangover.

So, we decided, where can we go without causing too much damage. The further back you go, the more your actions can impact the futures, so that wasn't an option. In the end we settled on the far future. We didn't go to the end of the universe by any means, but that didn't stop us naming the new club Milliways. I don't think there was a single jumper that hadn't read that book.

So, there we were, on the site of London, in the year 5716, and as usual, everyone was pissed. I was sat in my usual spot with Johnny Knight, Franziska Hess, and Zhou Cheung. We'd been doing what we in the business called bounty archaeology. That was when someone pays you to go back in time and solve some mystery. These days you're generally just looking at a couple of years at the most to work on a cold case. The police don't like paying unless they're really stuck. Back then though, we were in exciting times. We had been told to head to Whitechapel, London, 1888 and find the identity of Jack the Ripper. It only took us a couple of hours. 

I'm rambling again, aren't I? Where was I? 
So, we were celebrating. Me, Johnny, 'Ziska and Zhou, and all of sudden, Johnny turns to me and says "I've got a great idea, if a world line that we change dramatically splits and gets annihilated afterwards, why don't we have some fun fun with it?"
So I says to him: "What sort of fun, Johnny?"
He says: "Remember back at the start, once the jumpers were working, we tried to kill Hitler?"
I'd had a bit too much to drink at this point, I didn't really see where he was going at first. "Yeah, that was one hell of a shitshow." We'd jumped back to a few days after his birth, taken him out as a baby. We've still only had a couple of splits that were bigger, and it was certainly the biggest you could make this side of 1900. That line deteriorated in a matter of minutes and left all of us feeling sick for months.
Anyway, he bets me 50 credits that he can jump back to '44 and contact von Stauffenburg, and get the July plot to succeed. The next day he walks in and tells us it worked like a charm. We all watch the recordings he made, and can't fault his style. He tells us that the world line held for a couple of weeks, and we all pat him on the back and buy him a beer. 

Word soon got around, and it was the talk of the club for months. Anyway, we get to a year on from his bet, and at this point we're getting bored. The exciting jobs are all gone. We're already running out of profitable history. We're getting nostalgic over a pint, when Franziska turns around and says: "I think I can do better than helping the July plot. I think I can get Himmler to lead a coup in '43."
Now, as far as we know, this was creating a whole new set of events, not just changing old ones. We tell her that it can't be done. We bet her 50 credits *each*. 

She only went and fucking did it.

Her world line was more unstable, she says it lasted about 72 hours before collapse, but her idea was incredible, and she pulled it off so well. Admittedly, she had an advantage, she spoke native German, so she managed to work her way right into the high command, and sow dissent between them. It ended up with Himmler leading a squad of SS right to Hitler's bedroom and gunning him down as he got out of bed.
This was when things really took off. We decided that next year, each of us would chip in 50 credits, and submit our best attempt at killing Hitler. Word soon got around, and other people started asking if they could have a piece. We were reluctant at first, but after a while we opened the competition up to everyone. People got creative. We had some more basic ones where people would give information to the allies, and start new plots. Most of these weren't particularly interesting, although three years ago some crazy motherfucker won by reenacting the events of *Inglourious Basterds* Right down to the burning cinema. They jumped to '42 and Hitler didn't die until '44 in that world. You have to admire their dedication. It was a record until last year.

It became the ultimate achievement. Every winner had their name recorded on a plaque above the bar, along with a brief summary of their method, and the prize pool of that year. That's the one, over there. You can see Johnny and Franziska at the top, and that's me, the latest one. Did I tell you how I did it? 

Really?
Well, here we go.

Pretty much everyone had gone for the personal touch. People see plenty of shooting every year. It's boring. The next most common is manipulation. It's impressive when it's well done, but dull if there's no flair.
I decided to try something that nobody else had done, see, back before I started hopping, I worked for the government. I wasn't a spy or anything. I had a job in auditing. It was hell. Lucky for me I inherited enough money to get a cheap and nasty jumper, if I'm honest it was a miracle I survived using it, and I managed to quit my job and start doing bounty archaeology for a living.

What was I talking about? Oh, the Hitler job, yeah.
So, I thought, what do I hate more than anything else in the world? Paperwork.
I jumped back to '28. I had a great plan. I'd been practicing my German for a long time in preparation. I made my way to Munich, and before long I had a position working for the NSDAP. Yes. That does mean I'm technically a Nazi. Fuck you, I had to join the party for the plan to work. Anyway, the years passed, and pretty soon it was 1933. Hitler became chancellor, and I was a senior clerk, with party membership. It was a fairly simple matter to make sure that when the Nuremberg laws were passed in '35 I had changed a couple of words here and there. That's all it took. A couple of pen strokes on paper. I gave the documents to Hitler myself. He signed them without a second thought. 

Of course, I had been keeping myself busy over the past seven years. I had traveled all around the Third Reich, picking up the necessary documents, making friends with certain officials. Bohrmann, Eichmann and Donitz in particular. Eventually everything was ready. It was 1938. The celebrations of the Fuhrer's birthday. Everything was proceeding normally until about five in the afternoon. That was when an SS unit marched in and arrested almost all the Nazi High-command. I had leaked certain information. The fact that Himmler had a birth defect, Goring was a drug addict and most importantly of all...

Hitler had a Jewish grandfather.

The arrests continued throughout the day, and the Third Reich collapsed without strong leadership, as the remaining party members assassinated each other in brutal attacks to try to seize power. Eventually, every potential leader was dead or imprisoned. The initial change was small enough to sustain the world line for nearly a year after Hitler's execution, which was carried out without any further input from me, three days after his arrest. I'm not entirely sure what would have happened in the end, but at the rate things were going when the world-line finally snapped back, the Third Reich had collapsed back into Germany, and then again back to the states from before the unification. I became the ruler of Prussia at near the end. That gained me a hell of a lot of points. 

Anyway, you should have seen everyone's faces when I showed them my entry. It took me a long time, but it was worth it.
I'd like to see next years entries come close.