My throne groaned and creaked as I sat back into it. “You sick of this too?” I said aloud letting out a sigh.  I let my body fall into familiar position in the chair, my right hand habitually rubbing the engraving on the end of the arm rest.  Originally it had been an ornately carved skull, but it had been worn down to a nub with years of my fidgeting habit. “How many times do we have to do this?” I asked, as though expecting the throne to respond.  Its response was another creak while I adjusted my position.  Resigning myself to the situation I motioned with my left hand at the set of arching double doors on the other end of the throne room “let them in then”. 

The hinges popped releasing a puff of dust as they let loose, one of the large doors swinging slowly outward.   I always liked this part, the streaming beam of light let in by the cracked door seemingly split the room in half with a path of light ending at my feet.  No matter who was sent as a challenger, it would seem they were always destined to a silhouetted heroes entrance.  A young man wearing a black leather jacket, blue jeans, and a stupid grin strolled in, his designer tennis shoes leaving prints in the dust on the floor.  “Malekor!” the young man shouted “I am the chosen one, your time has ended!”.  They always said that, or something similar enough anyway. I slowly looked him up and down.  His leather jacket hung open with nothing underneath showing off tone abs and chest, and his pants were so tight I could see his crotch, or what there was of one, poor kid.  “Good god, where do they find you people” I muttered to myself.  The disgusted look on his face let me know he had heard me, I forget how quiet it is here.  

He produced a samurai sword seemingly from nowhere and held it up above his head in poor He\-Man mimicry, his flat rough\-cut dark hair falling over his left eye “I have been chosen…” I cut him off with a bored groan.  “Chosen by who?” I asked mockingly.  He lowered his sword and looked at me, I could tell this wasn’t going exactly like he had imagined.  “Well…” he thought for a second, “chosen by the universe” he finally said proudly.  I laughed, louder than I had intended to.  That was a new one, the universe indeed.  “You mock me?” he said questioningly.   “I don’t need to mock you” I replied “you mock yourself” I said with some finality.  “The universe?  The universe chose you. Really, please tell me how it did that.” I let the moment of silence coalesce.  After a few seconds a thousand\-yard stare crossed his face “ever since I was young I could feel I had a purpose.  I always knew I was different, always knew I was special.  I trained with the best martial artists on earth, and when the call to send a challenger came from the heavens I answered.  Out of all the students Master Musho picked me, finally allowing me to fulfill my purpose”.  His blank stare continued.  

I idly cracked a few knuckles milling this information over.  “So…” I let out finally.  “When you say the Universe sent you, what you mean is you volunteered, and some old fart was like – OK, sure.”  The challengers face went from stone to anger “Master Musho is the greatest warrior on Earth”.  I waved a hand dismissively “Well then why didn’t he come himself?”  He blinked a few times at this, as if the thought had never crossed his mind “Master Musho is far too important to…” I cut him off “far too important to what?  Far too important to fight the eternal battle himself?” I said louder than I intended, I was getting worked up.  “Year after year I’m forced to fight your kind, and every year it’s the same thing”.  I put on a mocking tone doing my best blathering idiot impersonation “I was sent by the best warrior, or general, or pope” I sighed.  “Every year I pound a new useless sack of dogshit challenger into the ground, and you know what I win?”  I let the question hang in the air.  He didn’t answer.  I smirked at that, the stupid little pawn didn’t even know why he was here.  I raised my hands as if gesturing to everything in the room “…this” I said finally “forever”.  I sunk back into my chair, my shoulders sagging with the weight of thousands of years of carnage and loneliness. 

“In the early days, the first thousand years or so, Earth sent real heroes you know, people who might actually stand a chance. It used to be anyone who showed up at my door had left a wake of bodies and broken opponents behind them.  Then it went from heroes to poor hero analogues, and then worse.  At least the 1970s and 80s were fun, big burly men, with big burly mustaches.  Real Burt Reynolds types you know?  Chest hair for days.  And now it’s types like you, boys, barely out of puberty.” I could feel my face getting hot with anger as I began to shout “the hardest things you’ve done are breakup with your high school sweetheart and spend a few years without Wi\-Fi training in some backwoods dojo!  At the rate the definition of a hero is degenerating I’ll be smashing babies still in their diapers by 2030!” I scowled at the stunned silence “Well then, so called Hero, prove yourself.”

The tip of the challenger’s sword lowered to scrape the ground, a look of defeat and confusion on his face.  “I have a confession Malekor” he said meekly.  “I’m no Hero” he almost spat the last word out like a bitter taste.  “My whole life I’ve been told I’m a hero, told what to be, told what to do.  Train here, fight there, wear this, learn that.  I didn’t want to be a fighter, I wanted to be a musician, I would sneak out at night to go to concerts and practice any instrument I could get my hands on” he looked at the floor and silence again filled the room.  After a moment he continued anger creeping into his voice “Master Musho though, he said the only instrument I should concern myself with was the sword” he held the blade up into his gaze.  

“Two years ago, Master Musho found a harmonica I had hidden under my mattress, I would sneak out at night and play it in the woods to my little sister who had recently joined the dojo as well, she was eight” he said looking away from the sword.  “You know what the great Master Musho did when he found out what I had been doing?” It took a few seconds before I realized the question wasn’t rhetorical.  “Uh… destroyed the harmonica?” I postulated.  The challenger began to laugh lightly, then laugh hard, then the laugh turned to sobs and great tears began to fall down his cheeks. “No” he said clenching his fist.  “He killed my sister, said she was a distraction” the crying had stopped and I could see his right hand shaking with white knuckles gripping the hilt of his sword.  “I came here to kill you Malekor, but not because I was chosen” his face became very hard and serious as he looked me directly in the eye.  “I came here to kill you because I chose to.  I’m going to kill you, take your power, and when Master Musho comes up here to congratulate me and manipulate me I’m going to kill him, slowly, and painfully”.

I looked at the challenger with renewed respect.  “What is your name challenger?” I asked.  “William” he answered solemnly.  “Well, William” I said looking him up and down again, now noticing the scars from years of beatings and hard training.  “You have proven me wrong, you are not weak, and it seems earth still has people worth fighting”.  I stood from my throne and drew my sword from its scabbard letting my hand adjust to its weight.  He charged.  

He was fast, really fast, and amazingly skilled with his blade.  Thousands of years of fighting, and the power granted the champion could not be overcome, however.  It was over quickly, he had cut me which was impressive in itself, and he was still alive, but his fight was lost. He sat with his back against a wall near the throne gasping for air as blood poured out of the gash on his chest.  I stared at the blood running down my blade where it had cut him wondering how long it would be before I fought another half as worthy as William, and that’s when I realized I didn’t want to.  Even this, the fight I had been hoping for did nothing to move my heart away from the loneliness and sorrow.  This was over, and the future was only carnage.  I took one last look at William, nodded, and ran myself through with my own sword.

The wound on William’s chest healed miraculously as the essence of Malekor poured into William, and William felt a great surge of power as the spoils of victory filled his veins. Picking up his sword William sat on his throne; It gave out a familiar creak, as if greeting an old friend.  Word of his victory spread quickly, and it was mere hours before another silhouette shown through the large double doors.  “Welcome Master Musho” William said dryly, and the large doors swung shut behind him.