I've never written a short story (outside of like, elementary school) so please excuse formatting/weird writing. I just hop you get the idea that I had! 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

“Deal?”

Jay just looked at me with that wide-eyed wonder he always had. A smile danced across his face as his hand extended, waiting for me to seal the promise by clasping palms with his. 

“Deal,” I said, as I shake my head and let out a chuckle. 

We had been sitting in Jay’s office in the attic like we always did after work. Jay liked the quiet so he could focus on letting his imagination run wild while he wrote; he’d always tell me about some crazy alien-with-teeth-on-its-tongue story or an idea about space Marines and mind swapping over lunch.

Just then, a blue light fills the hallways as the door swings open. A man, average height, long dark hair in a top knot and khaki trench coat stands in the doorway. I didn’t know what to think in that moment, as Jay stood up from his seat. From his coat, the man brandishes a shot gun. I freeze. The blast was so loud I could’ve sworn it made no noise for half a second, but I knew something happened when I felt the warm splatter of Jay’s blood on my face. My body felt like I was made of two thousand pounds of concrete as I scramble out of my seat and crawl on all fours behind Jay’s desk. *What a coward,* I think to myself, in between thoughts of terror. I should have done something, or at least pulled my best friend’s lifeless body behind the desk with me. Too late. Top Knot was standing over me, shotgun in hand. With the other free hand, he extends it towards me, similarly to Jay and I just 30 seconds ago. 

I couldn’t move if I wanted to. My whole body tingled as the strength to move left my body like the carbonation of an open can of soda going flat. Top Knot sighs and moved the hair away from his face. What I saw next is what led me to pass out and wake up in his car. Strong jaw line. Dark eyes. Milk chocolate colored skin. A small scar, almost unnoticeable, in his right eyebrow from a soccer game back in college. The same game that I played in, where I received the exact same scar. It was me. The man who just murdered Jay, my best friend, was *me,* albeit 30 years older. 

The street lights whirring by on the freeway is what roused me. Top Knot notices, and slightly smiles as he keeps his eyes- *my* eyes- drilled on the road. 

“About time, man. Sprite in the drink holder is for you.”

Yup, my favorite soda. This… whoever he is, knows my favorite soda. I stare at him intently, but refuse to move. 

Top Knot glances over at me staring. He sighs.

“Look man, I know this is some heavy shit, but it needed to happen. Drink the soda.” 

I look at the can and immediately drill my eyes back to him.

“Dude it’s not poisoned. If I wanted to kill you, you’d never have woken up from your little fainting spell.”

Reluctantly I take the can. Now I’m both terrified and embarrassed.

“You don’t have to say a word, I’ll explain everything.

My name is… well it doesn’t matter. You know my name. I’m you, Charlie. I’m you from 31 years in the future. Now of course you’re thinking I’m crazy, but I’ll prove it to you. 6 months ago you lost your virginity in a bathroom at the pub to Maddy Sommers. Now of course *anyone* could’ve figured that out, but I’ll tell you EXACTLY what you were thinking in that moment. You were worried that someone would put something in your drinks that you left at the bar more than getting caught, and you felt guilty that you were worried about roofies more than some bouncer would call the cops on you if you got caught.”

*There’s no way anyone would know that,* I thought. In that moment I came to the decision that I was in a dream, and at any moment I was going to wake up. 

“Ah, now you’re thinking you’re dreaming, Charlie. That’s okay. I don’t need you to rationalize this. I just need you to listen. In the year I come from the US government is… well its shit. People pick leaders based on characters instead of credentials. And sure, it’s always been like that, but it’s really getting out of control. People care more about social justice or protecting old American ideology than a candidate’s stance on the issues. What that has created is a vacuum for leadership. People are at their best when they’re being organized, and America wanted an organized leader after the last President. That’s what allowed… a certain man to come to office. This man promised to change the world, just like every tyrant before him. But he actually did. Technology is at the center of everything. He’s changed transportation, fossil fuel usage, even the weapons that our military uses in combat. The only problem is, he’s built his own robot army connected to his super computer. He used this army to kill all the senators and Justices, leaving only the executive branch in charge. Martial Law is enacted soon after. Now we all work in his factories and are the number one world-wide exporter of all the goods that we purchased from foreign powers. He wanted to make America great, and he turned us into a dictatorship.”

I finally muster up the courage to speak. “Was that Jay?”

Top Kno- well, older me- responds. 

“No. But he inadvertently caused him to come to power. Later this year Jay will sell one of his science fiction stories, the crazy ones that he would always tell us about. That story will inspire the super computer that the President in my time creates.”

The car we are in comes to a stop on a tree lined street on the west side of town. I know the street immediately- this is where Jay’s mom lives.

“No!” I scream. “I’m not going to let you kill his mom in front of me too!”

“Shut up, man! We’re just here to get the book!” Older me says.

“What do you mean? Why would you kill Jay if all we needed was the book?!”

Older me looks shaken. In a weird way, I knew he was sad that he killed Jay, only because I know my own face. 

“We have to destroy every copy of the book. Even the one in Jay’s head. It was what he wanted.”

I’m furious at this point. 

“What he WANTED? He wanted you to KILL HIM IN COLD BLOOD?!” 

“Everything I do here was Jay’s idea. He never wanted any of his stories to inspire terror or control. Only to entertain. That’s why he helped me slip into the time machine that send me back to this moment. In my time, the President worships Jay like a god and gives him many special favors. One of which is access to the R&D Department. Come on, let’s go get this book.”

Old me makes his way over Jay’s childhood fence, the same way I’d always hop over after school growing up. He grabs the backdoor key from the flowerpot and makes his way upstairs to Jay’s room. After rummaging through his drawers, he smiles and lifts a black and white composition notebook from the dresser drawer. He grabs Jay’s waste basket and lights a match. The contents burst into flames and he slowly lowers the book into the fire. He sighs that same sigh once again.

Almost instantly, the blue light from earlier swells from downstairs. The sounds of gears clacking flood the hallway. Old me shoves me out the way and into a closet as the door bursts open. The sound of what can only be described as Han Solo’s blaster echoes in the room, and I watch myself fall to the ground.

“Charlie,” a voice says as he enters. A man with dark hair and nice suit emerges from behind two big robot skeletons with glowing red eyes. His smooth foreign accent speaks to Old me again.

“Good try, but you do realize there are more than one copy Mr. Cameron’s manuscript?”

Old me coughs as he holds his side, bright red blood staining his lips and hand. He cracks a smile.

“It wasn’t just about killing James, or burning the script. It was about getting you away from SkyNet long enough to disconnect your bodyguards from the WiFi, and use the code word that James uploaded into them.”

A look of surprise and terror washes over the foreign man’s face as I look on from the closet.

Old me mutters, “T-800s. Initiate *Judgement Day* Protocol.”

The Robots turn their weapons away from Old me and onto the foreign man. He sneers at Old me, as Old me asks, 

“Any last words, President Musk?”