Blood mixes with the pool of water in the sink, creating red marble swirls. It contrasts the dirty whiteness of the ceramics. I can taste the blood in my mouth. The wall tiles of the bathroom are an obnoxious shade of green, an awful colour that promotes such a grimy environment. Cobwebs dust the corners of the room. The lightbulb overhead creates a continuous buzz, flickering when it wants to. Looking around me, it feels like the only clean thing here is the blood.The mirror is big but clouded. I don’t look at my body. I only look at my eyes. They’re tired. More blood drips in the sink. Behind me, the bathroom door is open. I close my eyes, giving in to the monumental exhaustion for a moment. When I open my eyes, he’s there, standing in the doorway. He meets my eyes in the the mirror. ”Rough day?” He teases, but the tone is too sombre for that. I don’t answer. Too afraid of the blood in my mouth. Instead I lower my eyes and take a slow breath. It feels like some of my ribs are broken. A long time ago, the pain became a constant white noise in the back of my mind. In moments like these, though, I feel it in other ways. He swallows, shifting from one foot to another as he leans against the doorframe. “I could get you out of here, you know.”I don’t know who he is. He began appearing when I arrived here. I didn’t need to ask what he is. I knew it my chest that he was otherworldly. Apart from that, I was afraid of the answers I would get if I asked questions. It was difficult in the beginning. ”How do I know you’re real?”, I had asked him. ”You don’t,” he answered, “you only have my word.”From there, we developed an odd friendship. As odd as a friendship can be between him and a hostage. Maybe he’s God. Or maybe he’s the devil. For all I know, he’s a leprechaun. But he looks like someone I know, vaguely, and he hasn’t let me down yet. “Really?” I say. A brief moment of anger overtakes me: why hasn’t he told me this before? But I let it go. ”You could?”He catches my eyes again. Runs a hand through his hair, the way he does when he’s nervous. ”Well, yeah. It would take it would take a lot. Of energy. But I think I could do it.”I blink slowly, swallowing the taste of metal. “Okay.”He puts a hand on my shoulder. I watch him through the mirror. “I need you to close your eyes,” he says, “do you trust me?”I can feel the fire licking my bones. The blood and sweat covering me, head to toe. The weight of what I’ve gone through. The weight of what I’m doing.I don’t answer his question. I close my eyes. 