The climb up Mount Domhan hadn't gotten any easier, but Beathan had become accustomed to such a journey. As the afternoon sun crested it's way behind the western mountains, the swordsman pushed forward. The wind and faint snow whipping across his worn face as he continued his ascent, his one good eye straining to make out familiar shapes against the blinding white. The curl of his long jacket danced and swept the snow as he walked. His lungs straining more than ever, his heart pumping, the snow blinding, there would not be many more chances to make this trip. He felt it in his aging body, Beathan knew that it was near time for his journey to come to the close. Three hundred years of entertaining B치l had left him weary and broken. Of course, entertaining for a being that does not know what it means to be tired can have a toll on a man. Beathan peered left and saw the cave that marked the near finish of the ascent. He figured he could share the night there and continue in the morning.  A few more minutes and he was standing in the opening. A small rocky floor led into a shallow and  frozen lake. Beathan took some sticks  he collected from the bottom of the mountain and assembled them for a fire. Beathan unsheathed his sword, and with a flick, struck the flint on the scabbard, sending a volley of sparks into the pile of sticks. After a few more strikes, the fire was roaring. Removing his jacket, the swordsman looked at his arms, covered in a weave of Celtic knots and deep scars from previous journeys, each one marking both a victory, and defeat. Few men had cut him, those men no longer lived. Beathan ran his rough, calloused hands through his short white hair, his left hand tracing the scar going upward across his frosty eye. The one who took his eye still walked this world. He would be meeting him soon enough. 

"He doesn't like to be kept waiting" Beathan said to himself as he sat up and pressed his back to the rocky wall. The fire was out, and the morning sun crept up over the eastern range. He left the pile of ash and dawned his jacket, sword and pack. After a brief respite, he placed one hand firmly on the hilt of his sword and pressed forward, the burden of age becoming faint as determination overcame his doubts. This would be the end. He felt it deep in his bones, and more in his soul as he ascended to the peak. Beathan had done this ritual every year for the passed 300 years, but this one felt different. Beathan knew this trip was different, Beathan knew he would not be descending Mount Domhan this day.   


Beathan reached the peak when the sun was nearly highest in the sky. He stood over the edge of a ridge and peeked into the crater that formed the bowl. The flat bottom was cracked, with eerie deep blue light emanating from cracks in the ground. Beathan lifted his leg over the small rocky cropping and descended into the bowl. To his surprise, B치l was not there... yet. He crept to the center and looked around, no signs of anything yet. This was his chance for peace. Beathan knelt down and began to gather his thoughts. After about an hour, Beathan heard the shuffling of rocks.   


"Steady" he told himself. He would only have one chance to get out of this.   


Beathan took a deep breath and listened for the rocks again. The movement was getting closer, and closer, until finally it stopped behind him. Beathan braced himself for the sound of steel splitting air. That was his chance. Beathan sensed the beginning of a swing and pivoted on his knee. He drew his sword with his right hand and swung upward and away. He was now looking at the familiar, black robed creature that had made this deal with him in the first place. A long life in exchange for a good fight. Could he keep up this time? Beathan's age did not affect his speed, as in a single moment, Beathan pivoted the angle of his blade and swept it leftward across B치l's throat, his robes dropping in a puff of smoke. Beathan stood up on his guard and  looked for the creature, scanning the bowl but finding no one. A dark presence grabbed his thoughts, and forced its voice into Beatha's ear.   


"Age does not slow you... Beathan. No mortal has done that within the first two blows in several hundred years"

&#x200B;

Two puffs of smoke appeared to Beathan's left and right. Both drew swords and assumed stances. The two gheists each struck, one going high and the other low. Beathan dodged the left attack, struck the right gheist, and turned to swing at the left gheist, but it was gone. The sound of meat hitting rock startled him as he suddenly felt a hot white pain in his left arm. He looked down to see that the meat was HIS meat. Beathan set his sword down calmly and in his right hand formed a fist. Beathan closed his eyes and focused. As he focused, a white light began to grow in his hand. He open his palm and placed the white light against his nub, the white light searing it closed. Beathan continuted to look around as he completed his first aid. He grabbed his sword, holding the blade facing backwards as the shinobi had taught him, as this was the only way to maintain guard using a sword single offhandedly. 

The dark voice assaulted his head once more, "Maybe now it will be a bit more... even."  


At that moment, all sounds stopped. The blue light no longer pulsing beneath the rocky cracks, the wind was no longer blowing. All movement had ceased.  The sky had darkened to a deep indigo hue. A door appeared in the center of the crater with a puff of black smoke. Through the door, came B치l.   


"always one for the dramatics, aren't ye ya great bastard?" Beathan said as he came through the door.   


"Only for those who appreciate it."  


If I should keep going lemme know

  


  


  


 