Outside the hospital window, flat wooden boxes covered the ground  in a complicated labyrinth of dubious architecture. These were the strange buildings of a city that stretched into the horizon in every direction. The doctors had informed me that thousands of years had passed since my accident that turned me into a Popsicle.

I had expected flying cars, teleportation, and all sorts of cool sci-fi stuff, but somehow the entire civilization seemed more primitive than I'd left it. The hospital staff seemed competent, but there were very little equipment and I remembered the doctor's fingers prodding and poking me before finally announcing that I was all right.

Eager to explore the new world, I stumbled out of my room and down into the lobby. An odd assembly of scribes and servants carrying large books on their backs flocked near the entrance. One of them perked up and strutted over to me, sporting a set of frilly pantaloons and a that reminded me of a bowl of salad.

"The prophet is awake!" he announced and took my hand. "I am a representative from the Department of Childishness."

"Childishness?" I said, grinning.

The doctor had already called me a prophet before, but he'd been less enthusiastic about it. When I  thought about it, he didn't seem very happy in general. There was an aura of hopeless despair surrounding him. He'd reminded me of a homeless person.

"Of course, Chris! It's awesome to finally meet such a cool dude!" the man babbled on. "I've prepared the slides and the swimming pools and all the other fun things. Let's goooo!"

The scribes scribbled furiously on the large tomes, their quills dancing across the pages. The representative was bouncing up and down, and I noticed a few ladies by the window, who, for some reason, started blushing and fanning themselves at the sight.

I shook my head in confusion, but some of the scribes desperately seemed to want to join in. Their calves twitched and their hands clenched before they managed to curb the urge.

"What the hell is going on?" I said, glancing sideways at the group of massive guards that now blocked the exit.

"Oh! The bouncers are here! What joy!" the representative cried. "We're truly blessed this day!"

He smiled broadly and then ran headfirst into the wall of muscle. As expected he landed on the floor and his hat rolled  away.

"How do I pass them?" I asked one of the scribes, eager to get out of here.

He just shook his head, looking as if I had assaulted him.

"Y-you're joking?" he whispered nervously.

"Why the hell would I be joking? This is the dumbest thing I've seen." I glanced out the window, noticing an empty marina by the sea. "Is this loony island? I need to find a boat to the land of non-crazies."

"B-boat?" The man looked like I had punched him in the gut. He held his chest and started backing away. "It's t-true! The rumors were true."

"What rumors!"

"You're a blasphemer... you're the Anti-Chris!"

The room fell silent, and the quills stopped scribbling.

"The Anti-Chris?" I said, laughing, but nobody laughed with me.

Everyone in the room turned toward a massive wooden tablet and fell to their knees. "Save us! We're doomed!"

Narrowing my eyes, I looked at the list scratched into the wood.

* You shall not steel
* You shall not keel
* You shall not commit adult things
* You shall not pass

Shit, that was the commandments that I had, high on pain medication, jokingly written down while I waited for my turn at the hospital after the accident.

\*\*\*

More stories at r/Lilwa_Dexel