You know all your noteworthy sins. The most awful, the most horrifying, dreadful, perverse, they are no surprise to you. Watching them is not that bad because you've reviewed those moments a thousand times in your mind already, in the middle of the night before slumber takes you or in the shower as you brood. Seeing it again is merely a reminder, to hear the thoughts of those who you hurt is affirmation of your worst suspicions but all that can be handled because you've prepared yourself for it.

What you can't prepare yourself for is the little things. Especially the ones you could not have known about. Where the butterfly kicked up a hurricane the size of the Red Spot on Jupiter. 

To sit through a whole day of complaints, pity, curses, curiosity and general whinging is bad enough. That all of it was in response to your awful parallel parking skills? A thousand people if not more saw me parking that day and each one dedicated time to discussing me in their head or perhaps to their companions in the car. 

There's the usual. 

'He's such a crap driver' 

'How the hell did they let this idiot get a license' 

'Moron'

Par for the course. It's a little disappointing as it chips a little at my humanity to see such casual hatred. I know I've had those thoughts. I know those drivers cursing me will have their own little mishaps while driving but that won't change their behavior, to look at the struggling driver on the road and have a little sympathy and hold their tongue or mind as it were.

The worst part? I listened to a man curse me and he truly had reason for it. He never even laid eyes on me, he was so far back in the traffic jam I caused, but he knew enough to say that I was the worst son of a bitch who had ever lived. 

His wife was in the hospital. She was already in a poor way and he'd been told he better get down there and be by her side for her last mortal moments. Where was the husband? Stuck in traffic. Because I just couldn't quite get my act together that day.

For an hour I listened as a man wept and screamed and gave into his grief. By the time he got to the hospital, she has passed on and he couldn't speak his final words to her.

You'd think one couldn't be surprised by their own life. 

I want to turn it off. But I can't. So I wipe away the tears, grit my teeth and prepare for the next horror. 