
President James Thornston was not sure he could clench his fists any harder. “I’m sorry, gentlemen,” he said. “I will not give the order to fire. There has to be other options we have not considered.”

“There are none, Mister President,” came the reply from the only person around the table who still had the nerves to speak. General Palway rubbed the top of his bald head, and sighed. The countless hours in this sunless bunker were taking their toil on him. “If there were, we would have presented it to you.”

“You are asking me to make a choice based on incomplete information. What about Russia? Israel? Any of our allies? Surely they must have made some headway by now?”

“They have not changed their positions. They remain of the view that this threat is unlike anything the world has ever seen before, and that unless we take action, *immediate* action, sir, there will not be much left afterwards.” 

General Palway motioned towards the screens, and an aide from the Pentagon tapped away at the console keyboard. All eyes swiveled towards the flashing lights, though there was precious new information available. “Just 200 targets, Mister President. 200 top-priority targets. These are where the sonic concentrations are the highest. If we can destroy these now, wipe these from the face of the earth, then we will stand a chance. That’s all we’re asking for, just a chance.”

President Thornston’s fist met the steel tabletop with a *bang*. “That is the *last* resort, alright? Do I make myself clear? Look, are we really sure that the warning is what it is? Any chance of a… misinterpretation, perhaps?”

Professor Penny Booth cleared her throat, suddenly conscious of how fragile her voice sounded in this cavernous room. “MIT’s assessment is unchanged as well, Mister President,” she said, adopting General Palway’s clipped tones. “The clay pots we retrieved from our archaeological sites contain the *exact* same sonic imprints as do the ones from sites around the world. The message is the same, consistent warning. We have not received anything to persuade us that-”

“Even China?” President Thornston asked, eyebrows raised. “Even France? Even Germany? The same message, despite our vast differences in language?”

“The same,” said Professor Penny. She realized she was more confident than she thought she would be – it must be the data, she thought. The mountains of data which she and her team had pored over, the same data which researchers around the world had verified dozens of times over. This was the best peer-reviewed scientific conclusion the world has seen produced in record time. And it was her job now to convince this final panel of judges that the information was reliable. “The technology is straightforward, Mister President. We scan the clay pots, record the minute differentials in the layers of clay, then pass it through an audiograph replicator – it’s like the clay pots are vinyl records, sir. We are just reading them, finding out what was being said when the clay pots were first fired.”

“You expect me to believe that civilizations across the world all agreed on the exact same warning message to be recorded? On clay pots, no less? When they did not even leave the technology behind to play these warnings?”

Professor Penny shrugged. The lack of answers perplexed her too, but she was sure at least of the information that they did have. “There are many theories, sir, none of which we can easily confirm in the short term. Sometimes technology is lost? Maybe early man never expected us to forget how to… play these clay pots? But I can tell you what I’m sure of, sir. Some of these clay pots pointed us to burial sites, places where they buried those who were inflicted, and… there are bones, sir. More than you can imagine.”

“Sir, if I may,” piped in General Palway. “Our ancestors did not show any hesitation. They hunted down every single one who sang those cursed songs. It may be the only reason why we managed to inherit the earth. We have to do the same now, act with the same resolve. These 200 locations… that is where the last few people have refused to heed your warning. They still sing the song. The song still plays. Can we really wait to find out what will happen if the song does not stop?”

“The song’s been around for years! And nothing’s happened!”

“But the pots… they warn us of the same thing,” said Professor Penny. “Sung in small groups, the ear worm merely spreads, infesting more and more hosts. There is no larger, perceivable impact on humanity. But once it spreads to a certain proportion of us, once it controls more than it needs… the song propagates, sir. The song will take on a life of its own. It’s a parasite, sir. It hunts us. We are the prey here, and this is our chance to strike back.”

President Thorston stood, then faced the wall where a list of all their early countermeasures had been mapped out – banning the song, scrubbing the electronic airwaves of it, burning all records of the songsheets, even putting to death those who sought to spread it. A little cross was marked next to each of the countermeasures, indicating which ones had been implemented, and which ones had failed.

All of them had failed.

President Thornston chuckled. He could hear the song at the back of his mind, his voice humming the opening bars. Even after all the psychotherapy, all the surgery, the song was still clinging on to portions of his brain, refusing to let go. 

Could he risk letting the song fester?

Would he be happier seeing the rest of humanity reduced to slavering idiots, repeating the song to themselves ad nauseum, unable to function otherwise?

Or should he just end it all now, collateral damage be damned?

“Screw you,” he muttered under his breath. “You cursed abomination. You will not win.”

President Thornston turned back to the table, then nodded. A briefcase was opened, and the President placed his thumb onto the scanners. Gears engaged, circuits clicked, and missile silos across the land opened and trained their sights on the infestations.

The song sensed the counterblow. Defiant to the end, it exhorted its grip on the President again, trying to sway his hand, avert disaster. It strained, struggled, persisted, and for a brief moment, it managed to flood the President’s auditory senses. It even managed to get his feet tapping.

*Baby Shark doo doo doo doo doo doo*  

*Baby Shark doo doo doo doo doo doo*  

*Baby Shark…*

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny
