At first there were only rumors, news stories about a rogue nation with possible nuclear warheads. Then we saw the first tests, we laughed at their failures. We stopped laughing when they succeeded, and we became terrified when they gained a super power ally.

I was at home when I first heard the sirens. Loud and distant, the constant whirling drone suddenly overtaken by explosions and gunfire. "The Impossible Invasion" they called it.

When the war began I knew I would be drafted. But at 19 I wasn't ready to kill, I wasn't ready to die. My life had been spent in what seemed like a peaceful hippie town in the Pacific Northwest. My small frame a result of my meat free clean living. I grew all of my own food with my family, we were happy.

Distant memories. 

Now all I have is the sqwack of the radio, the blistering heat of the inside of my suit, my FertiSeed spray, and these stupid glasses.

I am a gardener.

The name is apt. We grow where the dead die. 

When I was drafted, my assignment officer used my innate desire for peace and past history with plants against me, he suggested I go into basic training to become a gardener. 

I had no idea.

Our job is suicide. We go into war zones, armed simply with a tank on our back filled with FertiSeed, a DARPA created fuel designed to do a single thing, grow crops at the most astonishing speed possible in the most inhospitable conditions. 

Accessorized with these fucking glasses, told like drones to never take them off or the FertiSeed could cause negative reactions. "Negative Reactions", I think it's the fear of not knowing that kept all of us in line.

The climate had been changed. DARPA believed they were the only ones with the tools to transform our planet's climate. Creating droughts to plague our enemies with famine. Creating floods to wash away crops. Our hubris became our demise. 

I look out the window of our BlackHawk, the heat of the sun is extreme, intensified by our suits, I forget how close we are to the last remaining part of the Arctic circle which is still farmable. 

Squad leader goes over the same SOP as he does every time. I can hear the distant explosions. 

"The goal, gentleman, is simple. Go in, lay down the FertiSeed, and get out. Harvesters are in the team behind us to gather what we sow."

The BlackHawk lands suddenly, it startles me out of my thoughts of a past life. I stumble. My glasses.... 

My face crushes them as men behind me pour out from the helicopter, explosions and gunfire surrounding us. My squad leader looks fearless, almost unaware of how close to death he is. He leisurely strolls along spraying FertiSeed.

I stand up, only to catch a glimpse of the full magnitude of exactly what was happening.

Bodies. 

Hundreds of bodies, thousands, tens of thousands. Oh my God. What is this?

I glance back to squad leader, FertiSeed is no longer coming out. Only the intense flame of what looks like a napalm flame thrower. 

The crackle of the flame to skin, and then I hear it. The scream, a young child, suddenly ending through the engulfing of a flame. 

My mind races, my heart beats so loudly it is deafening. I run full speed at squad leader, he can feel me coming and with the greatest of ease puts my face into the dirt.

"What do you think you're doing little boy?!"
"The bodies, all of these bodies!"

He sqwacks to the radio, "Bravo base bravo base, this is Gardener unit 528, we have a glasses misalignment."

"Roger, send principal Gardener back for reeducation." 

I scream, "What have we been doing!"

His eyes lock with mine, he's not wearing the glasses, "Don't you get it? There isn't enough food! There isn't enough land to grow food! How are we supposed to survive with this many humans on Earth? We grow where the dead die, but to grow we must have them first die. To sow, the Earth must be tilled, to till we must remove the excess."

In its simple brutality, the logic was infallible. 

I am a gardener, I grow where the dead die.

