It's been an insidiously comfortable ride.

The simple strand of white hair stands out of of the midnight blue that has become my current style.

I don't feel fear or anger. 

As his handmaiden, my mortality was always a part of the arrangement. He delays my death but cannot actively prevent it. He'd ruin his reputation had he done that. 

And Life would never have forgiven him for that.

I've wandered the world for him, going from country to country, continent to continent, leaving a multitude of unfinished stories in my wake. Wives, husbands, children, grandchildren, it hasn't grown easier, not since the first, and shameful, only a handful of their names I can recollect. They tend to blur together. 

For his benefit, I've complied them in countless journals all over the planet. He reads them at his leisure. I wouldn't expect any less.

I step into my bedroom, still dripping from my morning shower. I can't drop the white strand, not yet. It's beautiful in its own way, a reminder of what I thought I had forfeited nearly 50 millennia ago.

With my death there'll be a new handmaiden, and I suspect this is the reason for this. He's ready for us to meet again. I don't know...it makes me blush...as I dry my limbs. I was but a child when we met last.

He stood above my sister's corpse. Language didn't exist then, not as it does now. I couldn't convey my fear and admiration, is there a word for it now?

It doesn't matter. I open a crack in the window to release the hair into the January wind. Where it goes, nobody knows, and nobody cares.

Staring out to the city below, I imagine what he'll say to me when we finally meet again. Will he be there for me as he has for countless others? Will one of his shades present themselves to me as they've done before, or will I be the special occasion?

I've lived for him.

I've killed for him.

And now, I will, eventually, die for him.

It's almost poetic.

It stands to reason this last life of mine should end on an interesting note, but I must admit, I'm curious to what the after life has in store for me. Death has always been full with surprises. 