It’s the 50th anniversary of Dad’s disappearance.

When had been the last time I uttered that word? It seemed so distant, so foreign that even a mention of “Dad” seemed like breaking a long-held taboo.

When he vanished without a trace, I was forty years old. I still have vague remembrance of my daily life then- waking up, leaving for work, returning from work, sleeping, rinse and repeat. Family was something I never ever set aside time for, although Dad had always been ranting that we should spend more time together with my mother and brother as a family. An impromptu, lame excuse would always escape my lips, but my Dad would always accept my words sullenly without a riposte. 

I had never realised that I had taken my father for granted.

Until the day he went out to buy groceries like usual. He never returned.

His final words to me were still plastered in my mind, clear as day.

“We’re running out, I’m gonna get us milk.”

In inexplainable guilt, I continued to stay in the house that we had lived in together when we were still a big, happy family. Even though my brother had a family of his own, he moved out shortly after my father disappeared, in fear that it might affect his only daughter.

After my mother passed away, I was the only one left.

A gentle draft blew through the wooden-framed windows, sending a soft, lovely creak to my ears, snapping me out of my sentimental reverie. 

Then the doorbell rang.

It was probably time for the medicine to arrive.

“I’m coming in,” said a voice.

It was a voice somewhat medium in pitch. It was a voice that I thought I would never hear again.

Unlocked, the door swung open.

Illuminated by the blinding sunlight, as if he was an angel, my father stood at the door. In his closed fist hung limply a grocery bag teeming with 1-litre cartons of milk.

I gasped softly. I felt as if all the breath in me had been sucked out.

If I could get up from my wheelchair, and touch that wrinkled face which hasn’t aged in fifty years, I would have done so without hesitation. 

I was ninety, hardly even able to move a muscle. The man standing before me was still seventy-two and dexterous.

It was impossible for him to be alive. 

Yet, he stood in front of me, grinning at me as if his disappearance had been a lie.

“I’m home son, I’m home.”

“Ah..uuh.....”

Warm tears trickled down my cheekbone, ever so slowly. 

He set down his bag and walked briskly towards me, arms outstretched, as if he was about to hug someone.

“Don’t cry, boy. Do you know that Dad feels sad whenever you’re sad? So if you want to make Dad happy, wipe away those tears and be a man.”

Those words... how could I ever listen to them?

The tears wouldn’t stop.

He was right in front of me. He leant down and embraced me. 

The warmth of a human being spread through my body, instantly comforting me, halting my tears.

It’s ironic, isn’t it? That a ninety-year-old man can be soothed like a toddler taking its first steps.

Despite the warmth, I shivered. My arms didn’t stop shaking as I attempted to wrap my arms around my beloved father.

He was real. His voice, his smile, his warmth- all those things confirmed his existence- that he was still very much alive.

Relief and crippling elation. That’s all I felt.

I put strength into my awkward embrace.

“Dad, I’m so glad-“

I couldn’t finish my sentence.

The man, 

exactly like he did fifty years ago,

vanished into thin air.

My arms hugged nothing. The warmth that had once been there had completely dissipated.

In its place was freezing cold- the chilliness of eternal solitude.

It was cruel. The epitome of evil that a human could be subject to.

I fell forward, towards the floor, strength leaving my body.

There was no pain at all, just a feeling of moistness on the marble floor.

The door flung open.

“Uncle?! Oh...!”

The sound of keys punched into a feature phone.

“This is an emergency... yes... I was here to deliver medicine...”

I was lifted by the armpit, and carried unto something soft. It was probably a bed.

“...yes...he’s one of the patients suffering from chronic dementia. He fell, I need medical aid, and I need it now! Damn it!”

Darkness crept in from the corners of my vision, and somehow I knew, I just knew, that it was my time to go.

Only one question remained in my mind-

Will I be able to meet him in heaven?


