Even after 50 years I couldn't understand it.

I sat alone in the dark cell, moonlight shining through the barred window. I preferred to think at night. Partly because it was calmer then, quieter, but mostly to protect my thoughts. I didn't dare think outside the walls of my cell, because they'd know, somehow, if I thought. Everyone would know.

Except for me. Why was I so different? I'd never glimpsed into someone's mind, catching their scheme before they'd even carried it out. I couldn't. The confusion burned in my head, making me slightly dizzy. I hit myself, hard, to make it go away. The initial pain was gone almost instantly, followed by a surge of relief.

I resumed my nightly contemplation. I spent many mornings as such, prolonging sleep. Reflecting, I realized my fellow inmates had regarded me with wary looks lately, drifting further and further from me. I wasn't sure why. Just in case, I decided it was best to guard my thoughts more carefully; perhaps I had unconsciously devised some sort of strange plan, though I was the only one unaware of the situation.

I recalled a something Grayson, an inmate I did not particularly like, had muttered to me the other day, something along the lines of, "I don't know who the fuck you are, but you don't want to screw with me, boy." He had been aggressive lately, especially towards me, and I worried he had developed some sort of disease of the mind, making him angry and senile. Not that I minded, of course. He deserved it, after all the times he'd beaten me.

A wave of exhaustion suddenly washed over me. Minutes later, I was fast asleep.

Evening came fast.

My face ached, my eye sore. It was a bad omen; I only woke in pain on days I was beaten. I cleared my mind, aided by the exhaustion that came with sleep. I briefly wondered, as I had so many times before, why such a thing was necessary. It didn't matter, I always concluded.

I dressed, throwing on the red stained clothes. They would return to their orange hue by the morning. Next I brushed my teeth, scrubbing the wet toothbrush along my mouth. Some chemical reaction must happen, I presumed, causing toothpaste to form. Toothpaste is a useless substance. That is why it is sucked into a tube, left for us in the trash bin.

Soon I left my cell, held under the watchful eye of the policemen. They dressed in blue, watching us. It must be dreadfully boring to be a policeman, from what I can see.

I leave the cafeteria first, immediately noticing the eyes watching me as I grab an empty tray. More waste. We humans produce so much of it. I notice, across from me, Grayson grinding his teeth.

I say his name, and he returns to watching me silently, scowling.

My eye is hurting more now. I know it's coming.

Suddenly, Grayson growls at me. "What're you playing at, sitting here?" he asks. I don't answer. He won't like my answer. He never does, no matter what it is.

Silently, I move seats.

Grayson watches me, puzzled and angry. Isn't this what he wanted?

My eye is hurting more now.

Soon, I enter the cafeteria. The food sits, as it always does, on the trays. The vulgar fashion never fails to disgust me, how they can stand to display our waste like that.

Grayson is still flashing angry glances, somewhat confused.

My eye flares into pain, and I clutch it in shock. He's going to hit me.

I duck, lowering my hands, but another blow strikes my uncovered eye, shooting a searing pain through my skull. Fortunately, the worst is now over, and relief comes quickly. I look up to see Grayson towering over me.

"How the fuck do you know my name?" His voice is a low hiss.

"Grayson?" I ask, somewhat reluctantly.

He turns away, face slack. I sigh, quietly.

A few minutes later, a policeman walks up to me. He puts my hands firmly in cuffs. I oblige silently, confused but unalarmed; I do not know this policeman well, but he seems kind.

He takes me to a small room I had never seen. I sit quietly for a while.

Another policeman enters. He I had never met, but I know he is a policeman because he wears the uniform. He tells me not to talk. I don't.

He takes me to another room I hadn't seen. There's a machine here, a strange machine. He pushes me inside, shutting the only opening in the squarish box that is the machine's interior.