Kijani struggled to his feet, the soft sand on the hill offering him little help. As he slowly made his way up the dune he could feel a warm trickle of blood running down his side, leaving a trail of crimson that his father could follow straight to him. Pressing a hand to his side and feeling the damage the spear had made to it, Kijani wondered if this is what if felt like to die. His father was a great hunter. If the blow had not killed him immediately, then he would not be for long. Finally reaching the top of the dune he risked taking a look back over his shoulder; he could see seven or eight torch lights waving on the horizon. They would soon catch up with him, his father and the other men from the village, and he would surely die then. Setting off walking once again, Kijani realised could no longer feel the pain in his side. It had been replaced by an intense, coldness. Back in the village it was a good omen when the pain stopped, it meant your body was strong and that you would soon be healed. But this was not like that. The coldness scared him more. It was the same coldness he had felt in the cave, cowering with his family as the cold winter nights brought death to anyone or anything that remained without shelter. It was the same cold he felt when his father had returned from hunting and his brother had not been with him. It was the same coldness that filled his stomach when for the third trip in a row his father and the other men had returned without food. This was the coldness of death and each drop of blood that stained the sand drew him closer and closer to the coldness of the world beyond.

His father and the other men were now within ear shot, he could hear their war cries, high pitched shouts and yells. Stumbling forward in the darkness, blind to whatever was before him, Kijani knew he was only delaying the inevitable. He could no longer feel the lower half of his body, and each step was even more difficult than the last. A voice from deep inside him was urging him to keep moving, to find some shelter and to hide from his father. The voice knew that if he stopped walking or if he stumbled then it would not be long before his father caught him. But the voice was growing weary, and Kijani as well. His head was spinning, he could hear his heartbeat louder and louder in his ears and as much as his body willed him to keep going, willed him to escape from his father’s men, Kijani did not raise his hands to stop himself from falling face first into the sand. 

The fall did not hurt, but he had not expected it would. His skin was cold now from head to toe, and in a strange way he missed the pulsating pain that had made him cry like a child as he ran away from the village. He knew that this was the day he died. The wound would kill him or his father’s men would. It did not matter which. Using energy that Kijani did not realise he still possessed, the young man rolled himself onto his back. With hands that no longer felt like his own, he reached into the fur bundle that he carried over his shoulder. He could now feel the vibrations in the floor as the men from the village drew closer. His time drawing short he willed his arms to move faster, but it felt like the ground itself was drawing them down, making the simple act of picking up the fruit difficult. As his hand grasped the vibrant fruit, he could see that his once rich, dark skin was now an ashen grey, the red of the fruit becoming even more enticing next to it. 

“This is what I’m dying for” 

he said to the wind, his voice now frail. His father had caught him stealing food, taking the last ripe fruit from the back of the cave while the rest of the village slept. The summer had not been bountiful, and the winter was set to be hard. He had never felt hunger like it. People were abandoning the village to search out something across the plains where none of his village had ever gone before. Mothers were waking up to find their babies had died in the night. All he wanted was a bite. Just a bite. With arms as stiff and heavy as stone he raised the fruit to his lips. The world was becoming dark and the pounding of his heart was combining with the pounding of footsteps to create a deafening noise. Even opening his mouth was difficult. Raising the fruit to his lips, he could smell the sickly sweetness already, and his mouth began to water. But before he could take a bite he felt a rush of wind as his fathers fastest hunter Usakara ran into his view, and with an almost inhuman quickness drove his spear into Kijani’s stomach. The pain returned to his body, his mouth filled with blood and something bitter and the fruit rolled from his fingers onto the sand. 

Staring up at the man who had taught him how to stalk an animal, Kijani was glad it was not his father. He did not think he could bear to see the sorrow in his eyes. As Usakara roughly grabbed his arms and raised him off the floor, someone that Kijani could not see did the same to his legs. They were speaking to each other, but he could no longer understand what they were saying. But they were carrying him towards the village. Carrying him towards his father.

As his eyes began to fail him, and the world began to fade to black, Kijani could see they had left the fruit on the sand next to his bundle. For a few more minutes, blind and deaf, Kijani could feel by the bounce of his body, each step that the hunters took. Each step that brought him closer to home. And one thought comforted him. 

*Maybe the village will eat me. Maybe I’ll make them strong.*

(Part 1/3)