David Enfield was raised in a tough neighborhood. But he had managed to come through and made a good life for himself. He however went down a dark and dirty path, becoming a corrupt cop. He had married a beautiful Russian woman named Sola and together they made a wonderful little girl named Alexa. However one day as David was responding to an industrial accident on bring your daughter to workday, there had been a terrible industrial accident at a local genetics research facility, her daughter who had been curious as a monkey was accidentally exposed to chemicals but it did not kill her, however it did give her the ability to control electricity. 


David and his wife Sola, were distraught and terrified of their daughter,bit one day a bald dude in a wheel chair came and offered to take her to a special school for the gifted and help her co trol her powers. The parents obliged grateful for his help. As Alexa grew up she became "Acer", a crime fighter. And graduate of the Xaviers school.


Her father however was finally caught for his corruption but he made a deal where he ratted out his fellow corrupt cops and he wasn't jailed but a gap formed between him and his daughter. She had become ashamed of him. She refused to return any of his calls, answer his messages. So after years had gone, he came up with a brilliant plan to meet her, he would commit an armed robbery of the local diner. So he bought an old Colt. 45 and headed out to the diner. 


He entered the diner, walked towards the cashier, pulled out his gun. " Give me the money he screamed!"
The cashier recognizing that his shitty minimum wage job was not worth dying over quickly handed over most of the money pocketing a few dollars himself. "Call the cops now." David asked. The cashier was perplexed but did it anyway.


Suddenly one of the patrons of the diner a fat white man who had seen too many Chuck Norris movies and bought into the NRA propaganda about good guys with guns tried to pull out his Desert Eagle, the size of which was meant to compensate for his lack of. David however being a trained cop had the drop on him and shot him before the man could pull it out of his holster. He collapsed in a heap
, clutching his chest the ground trembling a bit from his weight.


David was expecting his daughter to come through the door any minute to apprehend him but today was not his lucky day. Suddenly Wade Wilson aka Dead Pool walked out the diners toilet, he was struggling with his red suit. He uttered as he casually walked into the scene, "Boy did I just take am epic shit in there."



Everyone stared at him in silence. 


He noticed the scene of murder, the dead man oozing his cholesterol laden blood on to the diner floor. "Today is your unlucky day." He said looking at David. He pulled out his katana, "I am gonna do to you what OJ Simpson did to Nicole." David tried to aim his gun at Dead Pool but he was too fast and with a few quick stabs David lay dead on the floor, his entrails leaking from his guts. Dead Pool quickly robs hims, high fives the cashier and ran out the room. Alexa finds out about her dad until weeks later and she sent Dead Pool a thank you card after.