"Car Sixty Two, we've got one. Intersection of Sixth, Halliday, and Uptown Drive."

We hit the lights and sirens and get on the move, that's a bad corner. Most of the business hired their own security a year ago to deal with the problem.

Ricky seems to be unconcerned as we rocket up towards the cubic intersection, we'll come from below. Chase a wolf up, never down. Higher they get the less options they have.

I suppose we shouldn't be concerned. Crime is virtually non-existent because of this job. We just have one problem.

"Hope things don't get hairy out there..." he says.

I groan and punch his shoulder. He grins at me and the tension disappears until very suddenly there is a werewolf on the front of our cruiser, scrabbling and scratching at the hood and windshield.

"Found him."

I roll my eyes and then notice the collar.

"Ah shit. That's Wei. He runs that restaurant on the corner, hell of a place."

"No Wei!" Ricky says it with a grin, deftly handling the cruiser's increasing altitude as we rocket upwards.

No time to give him grief for that one. I finally manage to get my tranq out of the holster, it was pinned against the door, and roll down my window. This might just be the easiest call we've ever had.

That's when a claw slams into my hand and tosses the tranq out of my grip and tumbling down towards the near endless bottom of Uptown Drive. I watch it fall with my head out the window and then get back in and look at Ricky.

"You dropped it again didn't you, Butter Fingers?"

I nod.

"You drop mine again and I'll boot you out to get it, got me?"

I nod.

He hands me his gun and I stick the top half of my body out the window again, pumping a few darts into the flailing wolf. Slowly he goes limp, sprawling on the hood of our cruiser like a very strange rug.

"Dispatch, we've got one for the tank," I say into the radio while Ricky gently guides the cruiser so Wei doesn't slide off to follow my sidearm.

"Eh, kid...we might have a problem."

I follow his gaze to the Uptown Apartment block. It's the high end, both literally and figuratively. The rich live up here in the upper levels, about two thousand people in their luxury apartments above the rest of the city.

Ricky's got his eyes on something else though.

About fifty pairs of eyes watching us. Eyes rimmed with shaggy fur and neat fur and black fur and white fur and-

"We might need to leave." Ricky interrupts my chain of thought.

I nod.

Then they leap towards us and I reach for my gun.

That's how an already bad night got worse.