continued straight from the prompt...

__

Now... Luckily I'm a redditor, and things like being summoned against your will into an unknown world/situation are a common topic so I had thought through this scenario before. Otherwise I would appear quite confused at my situation and not at all in control of the situation.

"Why have you summoned me?" I bellowed in my best impression of pompous and evil.

The sorcerer scrambled back a few steps, "I have summoned you to make a deal."

I was not sure what it was I was supposed to provide, but as this seemed fairly common for magic I hoped it was something I was capable of. 

"You know the price?" I asked haughtily.

"Certainly, one talent of gold and my immortal soul."

I pondered this silently, I had only heard of talents in bible stories but I remembered someone saying that was about 75lbs.  I unfortunately did not trade in gold on a regular basis and my phone probably couldn't access the internet from wherever this was; but I knew it was something like $1000 an ounce. 16 ounces per lb x 75 lbs... screw it I pulled out my phone.

The mage reacted with alarm, "What infernal device is that? Know that I am protected by the circle!"

I held up a finger to shush him as I opened the calculator app and figured out how much money I stood to make on this deal...whatever it was.  I whistled between my teeth as the number stared up at me $1.25 Million.

"Stop!  Stop I can't take it!" The magician screamed. "The circle should have protected me!"

I looked back at him dumbly with my face lit softly by my glowing cell phone screen.  "Stop...what?"

"That noise!  We cannot stand the sound of your chanting and whatever it is you were doing with your voice just now!"

I once again went silent, not knowing that the otherworldly light of my screen was making me look quite demonic at the moment. "You mean... whistling?" I chirpped softly at the end to demonstrate.

"YES!"

Interesting... "So what is the task you have summoned me for?"

The mage stood back upright, "I need you to defeat the army at our doorstep,  use your damning tongue to rain down hell and bring madness to the troops."

"You want me to... sing?"

A tentative nod.

"Okay... where is this army?"  

The sorcerer pointed to an arrow slit window in the side of the tower.  I could see several dozen burly men in various armor standing outside the gates a dozen feet below... this was an army?

"This is an army?" I said intelligently, "Where I come from, an army is usually hundreds if not thousands of men."

"We are aware of your warlike ways and preference for violence but that is not our way.  We only wish to drive away the force below as quickly as possible and make them think twice about attacking again."

I looked down at the phone in my hand again and brought up a video I kept on it to send to my friends randomly.  I was about to hit play when I turned back to the mage, "You might want to cover your ears."

> We're no strangers to love

>You know the rules and so do I

>A full commitment's what I'm thinking of

>You wouldn't get this from any other guy


>I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling

>Gotta make you understand

>Never gonna give you up


>Never gonna let you down

>Never gonna run around and desert you

>Never gonna make you cry

>Never gonna say goodbye

>Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you...
