Suddenly there was a blinding flash, the sound of rushing wind and about ten years worth of headaches compressed into a millisecond. Then it was over. 

"Mr. Sansuite, thank you so much for coming. We've been reviewing your file and we believe that you and several other select individuals make remarkable candidates for this posi-"

I shriek in absolute terror and surprise, louder and with more feeling than I have ever in my life. Where was I? What was this board room before me? Where was my family?

"-candidates for this position." The man finishes.

Before me sit three people, each among themselves dressed unique and progressively more modern. The one sitting on the left of the oaken table is how I would picture Zeus. A massive man with a long white beard and a toga, age spreading clearly and regally across his face. The next is a younger man in his early 30's dressed similarly, but of more slender build. He sits across from him with impeccable groomed brown hair. The third looks to be a man dressed in the maroon garb of a medieval lord, poofy hat, goatee and all. It is this man who addresses me. None of them seem to have even remotely noticed my screaming bloody murder.

"Please understand that we have many candidates to interview and that if you are selected we will contact you directly with the full details of your position". Poofy Hat continues.

"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?! WHERE AM I?!" 

"I understand your initial apprehension, Mr. Sansuite. This situation is quite unique and we sympathize with any surprise or discomfort your trip has caused you". Poofy Hat recites. It's as if he repeats this spiel to everyone he meets. "If you'll please hold any questions to have we have designated a special time towards the end of the interview for any questions you have of us, as well as a general open forum for concerns that you may wish to address".

I'm so flabbergasted, I stay silent.

"Now, lets begin." Says Poofy Hat. All three men turn the pages of their file folders simultaneously."We've brought you here today because you are interviewing for the new position of Divine Ruler of All Things, Alpha and Omega, He Who Is Called I Am, otherwise known as God."

This is a delusion. I'm crazy. Whew, its a bit of a relief actually.

"How this works is---and most people don't know this---the figure 'God' is an elected position. After compiling the data from all available candidates, the information will then be beamed directly into the dreams of the people of Earth who will unconsciously, eh, 'vote'", he says with air quotes, "during their sleeping hours. This was a rather brilliant system instituted by our founder over to your left." He gestures to the Zeus character. 

"Vos noscere." Zeus says. All of the men then turn to the next page.

That pain in my head when I got here was likely some sort of aneurysm. Or maybe some sort of head trauma that has created this in some way. 

"The first question we have for you is, if selected, what would you do with your new power?" All three men patiently lift their eyes from their folders and await an answer.

This is a pretty convincing delusion to be sure. The air feels cold and crisp. It would appear to be a high-rise of some sort. It reminds me of literally every board room scene I've ever seen in a movie. Taking place hundreds of feet from the city streets. Except there is no cityscape outside the window, just bright light. Maybe frosted windows? I've always wanted frosted windows.

"Ehem." Says the younger man. "Pray thee answer truthfully. Search thineself lest mistruth, intentional or otherwise, do thee disservice".

It's at this point I realize they're talking to me. "Me?" I laugh. "And why the hell would anyone pick me to rule the universe"?

The three men chuckle briefly. Then Zeus speaks, "Heu, sed non lectus. Sed hoc magis pertinet ad omnes homines." The other nod in agreement.

Poofy Hat chimes in "That's a very good point. If you'll remember the information I just went over, It's not us but the people of Earth that will be making this choice." Poofy Hat shakes his head disappointingly and makes a mark in my file. 

"First of all. I dont speak what I'm guessing was Latin." I stand up and start to wander the room looking at the various ornamentation's beautifully scattered throughout. "Secondly, how do I know I'm not actually insane?" 

Poofy Hat scoffs, "Huh, well---".

"In fact there's like a LOT of plot inconsistencies here".

"Quid est inconstantia?" Says Big-Beard.

"Well, for example, who the hell would think up a system like this?"

Poofy Hat gets even poofier, "Now, we've already---"

"I know, I know you've already said He did. But why? If he's going to be alive anyways why wouldn't he just do it forever? And why the board corporation format? You created the universe you couldn't think of a better organization structure than a board meeting?"

Poofy Hat doesn't know what to say anymore. He's flabbergasted.

"And if you were really God, or Gods, why wouldn't you remove the pain from that weird transportation process? Or maybe speak the language of the person you're interviewing properly?"

"NOW SEE HERE!" Poofy says.

"Or simply just don't act surprised when literally you subject me to the most traumatic and surprising experience of my life. Or, if you're feeling saucy, how about just zap me with some clarity? You guys invented clarity right?"

"Alas, He doth several good points, make."

"Of course I do. JESUS. Oh, uh. No offense."

He waves a kind of don't-worry-about-it gesture at me.

"No, no, no. I'm either crazy, or you are. I'm not sure which is more terrifying. AND OH GOD WHAT EVEN ABOUT WORLD HUNGER AND SHIT?!" 

Poofy Hat is staring daggers at me. But, slowly his hate melts and a thought sneaks behind his eyes. "Thank you, Mr. Sansuite. We'll be in touch."

And that's when I woke up from the weirdest dream I've ever had.
