ATTENTION SHAREHOLDERS: Charon, Inc. has updated its terms of service.

Great News! Since our recent victory in the Court of the Supreme Judge and the ensuing rollback of afterlife labor regulations, the Charon Group is set to make its first profit! This is the first step towards ensuring eternal financial security to our valued shareholders, and toward our eventual goal of eliminating afterlife unemployment!

As excited as we are, we want to acknowledge a rumor spreading across social media that our business model is based on a loophole in the "You Can't Take It With You" clause of the Afterlife Constitution. Let us quote the Opinion given in the recent Court ruling:

*"As stated in the 'You Can't Take It With You' clause, 'Upon death, all social obligations and properties including: wealth, debts, slaves, lands, titles, and inheritances claimed during life, shall be considered null and void for eternity.' This law* ***clearly excludes debts accrued outside of life, including during short mortal excursions*** *such as those provided by Charon, Inc. The fact that Temporally Limited Death And Revival (TLDAR) technology emerged only recently is irrelevant to this case."*

We also want to make clear that Charon, Inc. and its affiliates never violate Article I Section 9, the "Supernatural Death" clause. We only offer mortal excursion services to adults at non-critical times, never more than once per day. Our clients are capable of giving consent to continue living or, if they so choose, to decline revival and transfer to the afterlife. We offer lifetime deferment of accrued debt, repayable only after Time of Death, in US Dollars (USD), in accordance with Articles II and VIII.

This may sound like a lot of legal nonsense, but it's a vital part of the Charon Group's aim of 'Bringing The Afterlife Into The 21st Century'. Never before have the living been given such an opportunity to exercise their free will and actually *choose* between life and afterlife. Never before has technology allowed industry leaders to mobilize the largest untapped labor force *ever*, potentially lifting *billions* of people into eternal employment, empowering them through debt to pursue their afterlife purpose. We are making history!

Best regards,

Mike

Director of Customer Service, Afterlife Division