God save the break of day 

The light to end the night

And whosoever steals that light

Or seals it all away

Will reap its absence tenfold

Render their hearts unto my might


Plasticine dinosaurs stampede at my feet. It's all I can see in the sliver of light under my nose. A child's playroom. It's been six hours.

The crack of a whip wakes me and I'm cast into a red glow. My blindfold is gone. Before me is a man. He doesn't speak. The child this room belongs to hasn't been here in weeks, the clay is rigid and cracked. He doesn't look me in the eye, he must have sensed it by now.

Still, he took my left hand some time later and pressed a hot iron to seal the wound. I am weeping.

Dark again.

How joyous the sound of the stride down the stairs, but then, this is a joyous night. He hides his own face now behind limousine tinted glasses. I am weeping with joy.

The night will not end, not yet. It's gone deeper now, into a well of black ichor where the morning would be, but I will break the day. He won't enter the room anymore, he descends the stairs only to listen through the door. His breathing is rueful, longing for the time before, but I cannot accept. He will no longer rue, by morning he will repent. I sleep soundly. 

The shackles are gone. I pace the room, giddy. He pounds the door, begging forgiveness, and I laugh heartily. I am consumed. And consuming. 

Ages go by. I let him in.

He is naked and red eyed with no more tears. The tremors quake through to his bones. I can smell the marrow stewing by sheer friction. I stand.

"Roman. You have killed."

"Y-yes"

"And you would kill me."

"No! I didn't know. I honor you."

"Could it be so? But I am here. You've taken my hand."

"I wanted to give it back! I want to give it back."

"You ate it."

"I..."

"And now you fear. Have no fear, Roman, you will honor me yet."

"Have you judged me?"

"I have."

"What judgment do you pass?"

"You pass under cover of night, a pale wraith, a vengeful spirit. You are a disease Roman. You spread to the innocent and steal them into your chamber."

"You flatter me. I only seek to please you."

"I am a creature of the day Roman."

"No."

"I am a creature of the day."

"But you are the shadow, the Adversary."

"Can there be shadow without light?"

"No..."

"And do you think that I am relegated? I do not suffer the light. I am, in the light. And you would take it."

"No!"

...

The flayed man hums. His flesh sings like a tuning fork or a sword clashed, drowning out his screams. The sun creeps over the horizon. 



