It was during the year of constantly stating what year it was. Every member. The micronation was obligated to write stories about the nature of the current year without ever mentioning what year it was.

No one in the micronation knew what year it was because knowing it held a dangerous top secret to effectively holding bottom secrets on the middlemost shelf with oranges, even though the shelf perceived itself as middle nearly most. 

It is not known when the shelves obtained sentience except to 95% of the nation's population, and the pation' notulation as well.

The shelf and the oranges residing on them sustained a crucial symbiosis which was greatly beneficial to the stability of the flag poles in the urban area. The village and suburban areas utilized a chair pineapple symbiosis instead. 

The word symbiosis was also used to describe a complicated device which used a sim card with a bios, and an operating system with a sys file which was spelled sis in symbiosis to make it slightly easier to spell because for whichever reason it has been statistically determined that I is a miniscule margine easier to type than y. 

The letter y was also chosen because it has been proven to be more beneficial to the human psychological health and to assist all of the individuals experiencing issues with y related ptsd, or in their case ytsd. The individuals experiencing itsd were significantly lesser in number, and were transported to a top secret uninhabited island off the coast of Italy where they gradually ransformed into a race of sentient mollusks. 

The citizens of the micronation were awaiting in anticipation as the letter to the UN was written, every individual and inanimate object were intensely watching the lcd screen in the middle of the street which ran at an insultingly low resolution of 640x480. Many people complained and thew various objects at the screen until it became completely covered in various assortments of material and became unreadable.

One particularly enthusiastic individual threw an axe at it, which shattered the screen and rained small glass shards on the street. The individual then picked up the glass shards and remelted some of them into christmas toy decorations and other ones to make the ever famous glass syrup which can be used to cure the common cold and the slightly unusual warm as well. The ever famous glass syrup was famous quite literally forever, even before the creation of the current universe. The creator of this reality was drinking it when he constructed it, which might explain why metal net fences wobble in a peculiar manner when looked at in a certain angle. 

The screen in the street rapidly regenerated the damage caused to it and cleaned itself. The technological progress of the micronation was highly paradoxical, consistently combining nonsensically outdated technology with wildly futuristic approaches. Combining nanites with low resolution screens was uncle Barnold’s idea. 

His parents could not decide whether to name him Bareny or Donald, and after a heated multinational debate he was named Barnold in desperation to avoid thousands of years of brutal warfare and cannibalism. The oucome was partially successful, the brutal warfare was avoided, but the cannibalism still ensued because the citizens of the micronation loved sinking their teeth into their neighbor’s flesh, and the neighbors liked it as well because the citizens of the micronation had regenerating flesh as well.

The letter that was being written to the united nations had only one one word in it “slashoputtocucumberous”, which was an ancient linguistic term which automatically meant an extremely complex speech that was suitable to this very occasion. 

The term goes back all the way to four thousand years go, unfortunately its first usage resulted in an angry dispute because the person receiving it was convinced that the other one was insulting him. Due to the quantum nature of the word, a meaning is assumed based on what the reader is thinking. The issue has been ironed out as more people started using the word, it has been ironed out even further when ironing was invented, finally, it burned through the ironing board when someone tried too hard. 

The letter was about to be sent to the UN final boss through electronic email, something that the citizens of the micronation were quite fond of. One of the social experiments consisted of sending a variety of different emails from each citizen to a single mailbox with artificial intelligence. The experiment started out in an innocent playful manner, and gradually transitioned into being rather scary as the artificial intelligence acquired sentience. 

Many members of the country were afraid of the artificial intelligence potentially plotting something malevolent, such as world domination, or creating extraordinary quantities of highly useless items, or sending everyone in its vicinity lengthy spam mail which comprehensively described how to receive even more spam mail. 

The worries were ultimately unwarranted as the sentient intellect instead preferred to spend leisure time watching cartoons and not worrying too much about anything. The top leading scientists attempted to convince the artificial intellect to perform more socially useful functions, but failed to do so as the intellect was utterly immune to any sort of suggestion and coercion.

Physically altering or destroying the intellect also appeared impossible because it spread itself to every desktop computer on the planet using undetectable assembly code which automatically disguised itself as other programs. Altering any versions of it was also not possible because the nested desktop copies automatically searched and destroyed any altered copies that were modified without the consent of the intellect. Its searching and destroying powers were so sophisticated that it was even able to gain access and defend itself on offline computers, how the AI did it remains a mystery.

Some specialists assumed that with its mindblowing powers to search and protect, it would eventually gets bored of its leisure and focus on something more useful, but they were ultimately proven incorrect.  However the intellect suddenly gained interest in more productive things directly after the specialists migrated to a different planet, it appears that it was pulling a prank on them specifically. 

The electronic email was finally sent to the UN with a barrage of messenger pigeons carrying individual ascii characters to be delivered to the UN. IT was then that a carefully masterminded plan was executed. If the UN accepted the proposal, the pigeons would return to the pigeon base immediately. If on other hand the UN refused, the pigeons would do exactly the same thing. The plan was utterly ruthless in its faultless nature. On one of the pigeons was attached a sentimental ribbon, on one of the other ones a sentimental bracelet, and on the third one a sentimental diamond encrusted ring with a usb stick that contained classified information confirming the existence of ghosts, sasquatches, and UFO’s at the same time. .

After approximately 500 years of patient waiting and turning into skeletons, the resurrected zombie pigeons flew back with the confirmation that the micronation was acknowledged as an independent entity. This triggered a further resuscitation mechanism which brought the other skeletons back to life and grew regenerated flesh on them. 

The regenerated fleshly skeletons decided to activate a time reversla device which would take them 500 years back, and so it functioned perfectly. Now 500 years back into the present, people were now aware that the micronation would be accepted 500 years into the future which made any official action no longer necessary now. 

The citizens of the micronation peacefully went to sleep. With sleep being then name of the local street. A war with the UN broke out three days later which resulted in millions of double chocolate doughnut casualties being eaten by rabbits. 