*April 30th, 2025*

Lethal dose 50, is the amount of a substance required to kill half the population. Five days ago, we were introduced to such a substance and such an amount. I am Dr. Nufus Donnard, lead scientist of the M project (multiverse project). We are responsible for this disaster. 

Five days ago, we turned on the particle collider. Harnessing the energy of the Earth, funneled through the Grand Magis, we collided two heavy particles of lead. Our theory was the destruction of the particles we create a void in our universe that would force a tear into another and create a channel for mass to flow from one into the other. We tried for years with lighter particles, but they broke and scattered before any channel could be made. As I calculated, lead would have a high probability of success. 

On April 25th, 2025, the Grand Magis were summoned to the Brediok Particle Collider in Brediok, Naster. Perched atop the volcano of Naster, the Magis drew the power from the Earth. Life was born from the fires of the Earth. We grew from the flames. It only seems appropriate that our meddling with the ways of life created our downfall. 

The Grand Magis came to the mountaintop in their silken gowns. They were bright purple against the colourless sky. Their hands of silicon and carbon poked out and veils of fire that brought their bodies to life began to brighten. The volcano rumbled to their chanting as the two particles of lead drifted above our heads. It was beautiful. 

The group of Magis danced back and forth, using their craft to accelerate the particles faster and faster. Like two tectonic plates tangoing they heaved and bashed until at last their hands met in the center and the particles collided. 

In a blinding flash, the particles met and the sky twisted. There were no sounds, just the rupturing of infinite universes trying to find balance. Then, a liquid began to pour. Not like lava, or the blood in our veins, but soft and cooling. First, it trickled and then it gushed. It spread across the volcano, killing the Magis, then spilled over the edge of the volcano. It spread into the valleys and didn't stop until our world was separated by this blue, clear liquid. 

The liquid has stopped pouring, but the damage remains. We agreed to call it water, for it seemed to be a name that sprung to all our minds. Now the sky is blue and our planet is covered in this lethal substance. Fall into it and it extinguished your life. And for what it's worth, it appeared the lethal dose to kill 50% of our population was 1.332e^21 liters. 