It caught me off guard, no one had so much as looked my way in months. I was in disbelief, I turned my head to look around. Surely she was joking with a friend behind me.

She giggled before saying “You’re the only invisible one here silly.” Her smile seemed to radiate warmth and joy into every cell of my body. Maybe she had a normal smile and it only made me feel this way because it was the first smile that was meant for me in months. No matter what the reason was, I liked it a lot.

“I don’t understand, how can you see me? Nobody has been able to see me since... since the accident.” 

“I know” she said, still seeming to emit rays of warmth. “That’s because you died after the accident.” She said it in such a calm and reassuring way that I didn’t feel the need to be shocked by this news.

“I... I guess I kind of figured that out awhile back.” I stammered “I guess I just wasn’t man enough to accept it. So why am I still here then? Isn’t there a heaven or something?” 

“That’s actually why I’m talking to you.” She said softly “I’m here to take you to a better place, you can feel free to call it heaven if you’d like. Lots of people there do, including your mother.”

Suddenly I was overwhelmed with excitement “My moms there?” I asked enthusiastically 

Then my heart seemed to sink to a bottomless pit, the last time I had seen my mom was 6 months ago. She was in the car with me when I lost control and went over the guard rail. Had? Had I killed my mother?

The lady seemed to have read my thoughts because she quickly replied “Don’t worry she’s very happy there and she can’t wait to see you. Why don’t you say we go to her now” the angelic woman held her hand out for me to grab. 

The excitement that had been snatched from me just moments before was now back. I stared at her hand for a moment. My heart was now beating so fast it felt as though it was about to explode out of my chest. I began to raise my hand, I was trembling slightly. As I slowly moved my hand closer and closer to hers imagines of my mother danced around in my mind. My hand was now inches from hers. I couldn’t believe I was only moments away from seeing my mom again. I couldn’t wait to tell her I love her again and how sorry I was... and how I failed her. As I was just about to close my hand around hers she vanished. Everything went black and I felt the sensation that I was falling.

My eyes opened. I was staring at white clouds scattered through out the blue sky, I could smell freshly cut grass. I had woken up from my dream.  I sat up slightly, moving slowly as I began to remember where I was. I was sitting on the grass, it was quiet, I looked forward and saw my mother’s tombstone. I exhaled a long slow breath before standing up and placing a hand on the cold granite. It had been 6 months and the days hadn’t gotten any easier. “Sorry again mom, I’ll be back tomorrow.” I whispered in a choked voice as tears ran down my face.