 I had been feeling a disconnect building. This happened from time to time, where I just needed to be. To be around others, even if I knew nothing about them. Where I could imagine what their lives were like, what their stories were. Who they loved, how they lived. My greatest wish is to go and connect with them, truly, with conversation, maybe a warm greeting. But I never do. Today would be different though. I would find someone and I would brave my fear and connect. 

The restaurant as always was crowded. It was a very late lunch, so the older crowd was out, mingling with a few college students who had late classes. A couple here, a group of girls there, a study group of some kind, and him. 

He reminded me of my pappaw. His hair was thin but well groomed, he had laugh lines around his eyes and mouth, and his hands were large with wrinkles from the sun and callused. He was almost propped against the wall, not touching his food and just watching.

I started to walk towards him, tray in hand and he didn't notice. I nearly stopped myself from finishing my foolish errand, surely this man wouldn't want to waste his time talking to someone who is practically a child to him. I stared at my food for a moment and looked up at him. He still wasn't looking my way, he was staring at a young couple holding hands in a booth a few sections down. There was a warmth in his eyes, as though he too was remembering youth and love, and knew what the loss of it all was. I gave myself a mental pep talk and continued to shuffle towards him. It must have been the sound of my feet, but he slowly pulled his gaze from the couple and stared up at me, a look of confusion on his face but a bit of a mischievous twinkle there as well. 

It was the twinkle I think that gave me the courage I needed to walk the remaining three feet to him. 

"Might I sit with you for a bit? Do you mind? Would that be alright? Oh, my name's Ava." I held out a hand, somewhat shaky. I had managed to word vomit to an utter stranger, but the tingle of accomplishment as there, the thrill of excitement. 

The old man softly smiled up at me,  the mischievous twinkle now a bright star in his pupils. He clasped my hand with both of his warmly. 

"Yes. If that is your wish, please feel free to do so. The day isn't often that such a thing happens to me. Call me Ron." 

"Thank you so much. I was trying to work up the courage to talk to you. You just looked so much like my pappaw, I felt like I could talk to you." 

"Is that so? It isn't so often I hear that. Well, Ava, tell me about yourself". His smile widened at me and his laugh lines deepened across his whole face, lighting it up like he was a kid at Christmas. 

We talked for over an hour. I told him about my family, about school, my job, my pets. I even talked about bit about my loneliness. Ron didn't offer much, he would mainly direct the conversation with an occasional question, or a well placed chuckle, but his eyes never lost the bright twinkle. It was into the second hour of conversation that I realized how much I had been speaking and how rude I had been to my new friend. 

"I'm so sorry. I'm not normally this talkative. I have been going on and on about me, and I don't even know what you do or did. Oh and I bet you have some stories to tell!" I looked at him expectantly. 

For a brief moment, Ron's smile wavered, as though he was weighing a decision. Maybe it was my face this time, but he grinned and stated quite frankly, "I have many stories. I've been around quiet a bit considering I am Death." 

The laugh escaped my lips faster than my hands could cover them.  

"Death, oh I can see you are old, but you aren't that old! You look like a spring chicken as my nannaw used to say. Not a day over 70."

Ron just smiled at me and shook his head. 

"No, really, I am. I like to go by Ron now but I once was called Charon. They do still teach Greek history don't they? Maybe not. The world has changed so much. It has been amazing to watch." He chortled, "I feel like I have done this forever." Suddenly he looked up at me and slapped his knee exclaiming, "Ha! I have been doing this forever." His grin was so infectious, he had to be pulling my leg. 

I shook my finger at him scoldingly.

"I think I know your game, Ron. If you are Death, how about you regale me with some of your stories?"

We spent yet another hour with Ron giving me amazing accounts of old tales. Some I had heard before, a few were different from what I had heard, and some were new. Most of them were funny, but a few just very down to earth things. 

"You still don't believe me do you huh?" 

"You are a master story teller. I really am glad I worked myself up to talk to you. You were sitting here all alone, and looking at that couple with such kindness in your face."

"Do you know why that is my dear? People see me as they perceive death. Most people feel intense fear or revulsion when they see me. Most are very polite, but quite a few almost feel the need to fight me; in fact, a few have. I was watching that couple because I must take one of them soon. I like to know a bit of those who I bring back."

It was getting late, and although I had been enjoying our conversation, Ron's insistence that he was Death was starting to grate on me. I felt I should end our time together and began to gather up my trash. 

"I really should be going. It is late, and the dinner crowd will be in here soon. In spite of you telling big tales, I really have enjoyed talking to you." 

I stood up to leave, but Ron grabbed my wrist. His grasp was gentle but firm and spoke of a great strength. 

"One more story, Ava. It will be quick, I need to go as well, I am behind on my work. I have so enjoyed talking to you."

"All right, only one, and then we need to leave." I sighed as I got back into my chair.
 
The twinkle was back in Ron's eyes. 

"Seven years ago, we met the first time. Do you remember? You were wearing a t-shirt with a scientist on it, blue jeans, purple hair clip, grey sneakers. You were crying holding your grandfather's hand. You told him it would be okay, he could go on. You would be all right. And then you began to sing an old hymn that he enjoyed in church. That song was filled with such love, your grandfather could feel it. It made my job so much easier. He left his body right at the chorus, and greeted me. It isn't often that happens my dear. I can see you have his spirit. He and I, we talked quite a bit and I took him on. You knew when he left. I saw it in your eyes."

The tears were gathering in my eyes and there was that familiar tightness in my throat. 

"We were alone. It was my day to watch him." I trailed off. 

Ron grabbed both of my hands again, "I know. He was ready. We talked a good bit about you during our walk together. I must go now. I'll see you again, we can talk some more then." 

Ron rose from his chair and without thinking I rose from mine and hugged him. As we parted, I noticed everyone was trying to not stare at us, panic and anxiety on the faces of some, revulsion on the faces of others. I stood there staring after him as he walked out the door. When he got to the door, he winked at me and mouthed see ya. I waved and cleared away his uneaten sandwich with my trash. 
