**Dragonkith**

Another day, another knight.

I don't get what they see in me to keep trying this. There's a clearly visible sign telling anyone who comes near that the dragon is my pet. Does that stop them? Sometimes. 

I'm not even anywhere near my kingdom either. Heck, there's little to gain in actually marrying me. You probably get a cow, maybe a couple horses if you're couple horses.

"Oh princess, I will save you!" the latest idiot knight announced, mid-ascent. So I mutter something under my breath. If I'm lucky, they'll probably think I just cough or sneezed. When in actuality, it was just the giving of the signal.

"Of course, kind and brave knight! Just watch out for the dragon." I warn, each word a test of charisma and my acting abilities. I don't want them to get cold feet, especially after they gotten this far.

Just a little bit further, you can do it. They always love the positive praise. Especially when it comes to how their the best and greatest. Makes me want to vomit whenever I have to do it. But if it makes her happy, then it will make me happy then.

By the time they've reached my window, it's already too late. My 'pet' (I hate that word) give them a nice warm welcome. If they're still standing by then, she gets up close and personal. While I can't say if there any more tasty that way, it's always satisfying watching them fall back to the ground.

Once we're certain there dead and stuff, she drags the body in and we begin to feast. It's the only time my long nails (my 'talons' as she would refer to them as) and my teeth (which also according to her, our exquisite by dragon standards) as we tear into what remains of this hero.

"You did good, princess." she tells me, watching as I tear through quite a large with little in the regards to manners or nobility. "Soon, you will become my beautiful dragon."

I perk up whenever she tells me that. Maybe then, we'll be able to fly away from this place and live a life not in fear, but where we can call the shots.

For now though, she is my ~~pet~~ master, I am just her servant. No, scratch that.

I am her dragonkith.

Edit: A word