A friend of mine had been DMing a 5.0 game for a month now. Normally, she is able to talk down fun ruiners but this one is especially stubborn.

Enter Malgor, the Level 6 Paladin Oathbreaker Orc: This person is a very stubborn, immovable Chaotic Stupid that kills any NPC he finds (including plot NPCs) in the name of his demon lord, though everyone knew he was just a murderhobo.

This is where I come in. The party and the DM knows me, and previously I had been kicked out of the group for picking fights with other player characters because they disagreed with my own. In an act of desperation, she called upon me to get rid of Malgor.

Enter Tariel, the Level 2 Thief/Level 4 Way of Shadow Monk Wood Elf: This character was built to resemble the 3.5e prestige class "Shadowdancer" (if you've played that, you know what this poor Orc is gonna have coming for him), and this character was blind and had Blindsight as a result. A Chaotic Good that believes evil should be destroyed swiftly and mercilessly.

The group was a one-and-done for me, when the deed was done I would find a way to get out of the party lest I cause more harm than he did.

When I entered the room, the whole room seemed to stare for a second except for two people: the DM and the Paladin. Everyone in the room had played with me before except for the Paladin in question, who seemed to be pondering over something with a mischievous smile barely hidden on his face.

I approached the table and was passed the character sheet, and the worrisome expressions of the table changed to almost joy. I had killed half the people at the table using this character at least once, and they quickly figured out it was not coincidence I brought this one out at this time.

I joined the party shortly after the game began. Tariel claimed he was pursuing a bounty placed upon a criminal seen around this area and the party welcomed him as they were tracking a criminal as well. In return for aiding the hunt, he would share the bounty among the group.

The party had ended up tracking this criminal and brought his head to the guard captain to claim. After getting our gold, the Orc cut down the guardsman. Tariel asked why, and he said his demon lord wanted a soul. Needless to say, this pissed Tariel right the fuck off. What proceeded was that Orc's worst nightmare.

Tariel was a Shadow Monk, and he had access to the Darkness spell. Additionally, he had Blindsight so he could "see" in this magical Darkness that not even Darkvision could penetrate. Tariel used guerilla tactics to fight, dancing in and out with his shortsword as the Orc swung blindly around him, using Flurry Of Blows to end the combat quicker. When the Darkness was finished, the Orc was a corpse on the floor and Tariel nowhere to be seen.

Back in reality, needless to say the Orc player was pissed and began yelling at me, shouting about how he was trying to do something important and giving me constant insults. He was about to remake a very similar character when the DM called the night. I warned the player I would be back if he tried the same thing again. The DM tells me he never showed up after that.

Author's Note: This is my first prompt, so if I made any mistakes or it wasn't good in general let me know in case I wish to try again in the future.