

There lays a box somewhere at the end of the world, In a lonesome dust covered room, overflowing with hate, envy and jealousy. Sadness pours out of it, spilling to the ground like water from a bucket. Fear and regret make up the most of the box, staining its once golden color black and red. The tossed feelings of the world reside there, inside this metal box, and like the tales of Pandora's own box, people do not wish to open it nor let it free, for the world is fine without the darkness that warps the heart. 

In the room with the box, is me, a man born with the emotions of a broken lamp- the kind of lamp left upstairs inside an old attic where its purpose is only to make a home for a black widow and its fly-filled webs. 

I had created the box not for myself but for others. I grew up influenced by nothing and no one, and saw only what there was to see: Hatred and Greed. I saw humans that once hugged one another turn their flat palms to fist, and I have seen the same lips that once kissed a happy lover, kiss the lips of a stranger in secret. I have seen the love for a child be mocked with the hate for the wife, and the same warmth of a child chilled by the neglect of a parent. I saw wars filled with more blood than the inside of a thousand mangled carcasses. I have seen lines blurred with such vigor that by the time the line cannot be seen, it had been forgotten about. 

Because of this, I thought it only logical to benefit the humans I lived among, like some guest in their home, always refusing their offer of tea or cookies. 

Thus, I created a box to put their negative emotions aside to let them flourish beneath the same sun I too shared. 

The people of earth flocked, each with a smile, happy to be able to discard their sins like some bloodied tissue. 

It was of course, never happiness they gave. 

Instead, I received only what was not wanted: Hate, jealousy, fear, and pains of the heart. I did not obtain just one or two either but all, and at once, for people could not have been quicker to help them selves, so much so that lines began to form, and as they became longer, the people became more impatient until they pushed each other in line, each wanting to rid themselves of their self. When they had resorted to such violence, it had been convenient for them as they had already been in line, waiting for their chance to throw away their transgression. 

Realizing this, the world committed sins almost on purpose, superfluously, and flippantly because as soon as they had cheated, lied, killed or stole, they could take their regret and dump it, free now to do what they pleased without consequence to their person. It soon became people had only wished to be free of morality but able to own happiness like some leashed pet. 

When I would once watch with the smile I have seen practiced on TV, I now could do nothing but weep. I wept for everyone for I was now sad. And when I was not sad, I was angry, and when I was angry I hated the people who came so often only for themselves and as I hated them, I could only feel regret at such a thing as awful fantasies of their death played over and over inside my mind like a broken tape, stuck on some horrifying loop. 

I could do nothing but sit and feel my once blank heart become suffocated in a black cocoon until eventually, once everyone in the world had visited me in my lonesome room, it emerged not as a butterfly but as a mosquito, its mouth concerned only with my flesh, and my flesh alone. 

Years faded and my heart had never stopped bleeding black ooze. 
With its rotted smell, I began now to tire of the humans and my jealousy had become so severe in response to the world's new found path of self-glory that I began to contemplate letting my heart bleed out, rather than continuously bandaging with my callus covered hands. 

Then, on the eve of my decision to discard my life like the others had discarded theirs pain, a lonesome man walked in, his eyes blurry and red, as if he had been crying. 

He walked up to the box, took a sad look at me, and threw his happiness in the box, shoving it inside with force so that it went to the bottom so that it may never be lost. 

Almost immediately, the feeling of dread I had dissipated slightly, like a knife removed from a gunshot wound, and though brief, a genuine smile warped my face for the first time, and when it was gone, it left a strange impression across my mouth and cheeks, almost as if it hurt. 

While I touched my face in disbelief, the man walked solemnly away, dragging his feet like boulders. 

I chased after him. 

"Hey!" I called out to him. 

When he turned, his face looked worn. He hd wrinkles where there shouldn't have been wrinkles, and his eyes were heavy, like two heavy rocks on a bed sheet. 

"Why did you give me your happiness?" I asked him. 

He looked me over before responding. 

"My wife died. She was the only person I have ever loved, and the first person to make me truly happy. If I can't be happy with her, then I don't want to be happy at all" 

With that said, he walked on, and too heart broken to follow, I simply stood, wondering what it must have been like to love. 

End

Darkness consumes the life of those not given the chance to shine