  I don’t know where to start. I was just a 25 year old office worker who just had a baby and trying to stay sober after my responsibilities got bigger.

I went to take a some break and clear my mind, tried to imagine the future that I will share with my wife and my daughter. When the elevator stopped working I didn’t panic. This happened to me and to my co-workers many times. I waited, but when watch stopped working I got awful headache suddenly. I tried to breath calmly and I sat down and my eyes closed...

I woke up to very strange voice. There was a some sort of music playing in the elevator that I never heard of. Doors opened and I just got mesmerised with... everything.

The smell of office were different, people were different everything were different. For a second I thought I was in a dream but I wasn’t. I pulled up my phone and when I started dialing people started to stare at me and laughed at me. I was so confused but I didn’t care I just wanted to hear my wife’s voice. When I called my wife operator said there was no such a number. 

I went to visit my house but there wasn’t a house anymore. It was just a junk food store... I sat down and closed my eyes then opened again. I started see everything differently. People were acting like they were superstars, but I could feel their fear somehow. It was all there, they were trying to hide it but they had the same markers... 

I didn’t know what to do. I went to random resturant and there was a people who were sitting next to me, talking about hashtags, snapchats and some terms that I never heard of. I felt like I was in a new country, a new continent. Everything started to clear up, when I saw the newspaper. It was year 2018... I started to laugh and my laugh turned into tears...

I was lost until there was a moment, teenagers mentioned about a singer who is coming for a concert.
She had same name as my daughter then I asked to teenagers her last name. They ignored me, then I asked again... It was a bad move. One of the teenagers stabbed me and spitted to my face when I fell down. 

Hospitals wasn’t my faviourite place until now. She is taking care of me and asking questions that I can’t answer. I can’t answer because  my jaw can’t move, my tounge can’t move. I was afriad that I’m gorked but I was more afriad that I won’t able to see my daughter again. She told me they don’t know who I am and where I live. Also she said, my body wasn’t recovering well and they have to do something very drastic if  my heart arrests. She told me that she is very sorry because she don’t know who to contact. 


One day, I didn’t feel that bad. I tried to talk and I was able to talk in a some degree. But there was no one to listen me. I pressed the help button but no one came. After few failed attemps I started to walk. Hospital was empty, then suddenly I heard elevator bell ring sound. The door was wide open and no one was inside. I didn’t hasitate to step into... Then the door closed...


--------------------------------

**Please don't mind any writing or grammar mistakes, I'm not a native speaker**