I stepped into the Walden Library. It was a strange Building. Only four stories high, plus a basement, but it seemed to tower over you. The architect had wanted to make a building in a strange shape with no right angles so as to help the occupants not feel "Boxed in" but in reality this just made the inside of the building hard to understand, walls were impossible to find, the library didn't use the Dewey decimal system but the Congregational system so you couldn't find a book just by the authors name,  if you went to the top floor you would almost certainly get lost, the fire escape signs were of no help whatsoever as they essentially said "Run in every direction", on the third floor it felt as though you were being watched, the homeless stayed away from it, and there was an odd tile ring on the basement floor.


Everyone in town joked that something satanic was going on or had gone on there, me and my friends especially. The four of us walked into the library laughing and whispering to each other, and briefly had some difficulty navigating the security gate. I walked up, drew my library card out of my wallet and stepped up to the librarian at the desk. She was a relatively young woman with the traditional school teacher glasses with a string of beads around her neck and a bright pink shirt on.


"Hello ma'am. I'm looking for a book."


She sighed in irritation. "What book? I can look it up for you."


"I believe its called...." I put on a shit eating grin and paused for dramatic effect. "The Necronomicon." my friends burst out laughing.


Her eyes narrowed. "Well that's..."


She was interrupted by one of her bosses who asked her into the back. She disappeared. The four of us started laughing, making fun of this place, making fun of the librarian by claiming she was a lesbian and such, and in general joking around.


She returned a minute later, swiped my card before i had a chance to say anything and slammed a burnt book on the desk. We all fell silent. "Due back in three weeks. Your card is expired but in this case I made an exception." She said with a grin. 


I paused for a minute. "That's not... real, is it?"


"Take it and find out." 


"I don't want it. I'm returning it."


"Oh I'm afraid its far too late for that." She said with a giggle.


I slowly reached for it. "Dude, lets just go. Leave it here."


"Nah." I said suddenly loud. "I'm sure it's not real." I picked the book up and flipped it open. the pages seemed strangely leathery, and the ink was a strange dark brown.


I opened my mouth and said "SARNITSH IVROQU..."  before I was interrupted.


"Don't read that here you idiot." She snapped as the lights fluttered. 


The four of us stepped out of the library. All those years ago. Even with those few words we awoke terrible forces. Those of us who did not kill ourselves, as I am about to, were driven insane by that...thing. The things that haunt us. Scratch at the walls and slink about in the darkness. Those horrible things.


They are here. I can hear them. They are coming.


Coming for me.


(Okay so I missed the middle school thing until just now. But here you go.) 