Getting through medical school is difficult. What they *don't* tell you is that getting a residency is far from a done deal, even if you get your medical degree. There are more medical graduates than residency spots. Not everyone gets matched. Since my parents stuck me in a shitty school system growing up, I didn't have the prerequisites you need to get into a brand-name program. If you're not in the right schools by the time you're 12, forget it.

But...I wanted to be a doctor. I wanted to help people. And I am very determined and stubborn. As kids we're taught that you can be whatever you want to be, so long as you put in the work. I did decently in undergrad, but I hadn't the connections to get into a US-based medical school. Instead, I went to the Caribbean. I would prove myself there, a little more roundabout route, true, but with a good record I thought I could get a residency back home. Boy, was I deluded...

While doing some volunteer work to burnish my resume, one of my classmates befriended me and introduced me to her family, who was based locally. Her grandmother, Mama Laveau (yes, *those* Laveaus) was versed in, shall we say...traditional healing methods. Learning voodoo did cement certain Western medical concepts in my head better. Some of it is just a different route to the same goal. Mama Laveau was hesitant to teach me at first. Come on- I am lily white with blue eyes so pale that people think they're costume contacts. But Ernestine vouched for me and I seemed to have a knack for the subject. Once Mama Laveau taught me sufficient alternative paths to the goal, she decided it was time to teach me what to do when the game clock buzzed zero and someone needed to go into overtime.

Let me be clear: this stuff isn't *evil,* per se. You are only dealing with some different beings than are discussed in the Western Canon. What you do with it...that's up to the practitioner. Just don't tell my grandmother what I've been up to. She'd have a stroke. And then I would have to do something amounting to a giant I Told You So and it'd be really awkward...

Once I received a stack of rejections for residency programs, I found that my extracurricular studies would save my financial ass. Going to medical school abroad does not save you from student loan debt. I went back to the US and hung my "alternative medicine" shingle in a region with a large Haitian community.

Haitians and other Afro-Caribbean folk work *hard.* Multiple jobs. Unfortunately, they don't always get paid well. One dirty little secret of the US medical community is that black people are ignored and marginalized even when they DO manage to get access to a doctor. And psychiatric care? Forget it. The exams they receive are more cursory, they're less likely to get needed pain meds, if they report complications, medical staff are more likely to dismiss them. Ask Serena Williams, after all. It's *not* just about money.

I'll never forget my first patient who sought me for, er....extra innings. When Sabine tottered through my door, it was plain she had mere days left. Congestive heart, I was sure. Maybe kidney issues as well, I was just eyeballing it at the moment. And she was *ancient.* She reminded me of that Rodin sculpture of the old lady. Ancient, but her face had character, too. This was a lady who'd *seen shit.*

I put on my best professional smile. "What brings you in today?" I asked Sabine. She gave me a doubtful look. I was used to it by this point.

"Do you work on contingency?" Sabine asked me.

"Er...maybe you have me mixed up with the lawyer three doors down?" I said. "This is an alternative medicine clinic." Sabine had a folder of papers in her free hand. She tottered over to me.

"This is a summary of the money I have coming in," she said. I looked at the papers. Social Security benefit statements. Subsidized housing vouchers. Foster care payments for small children living in her home. I noted her date of birth.

"Those are your great-grandchildren," I said quietly. Sabine nodded.

"Doc said I don't have much time left, and there was nothing more he could do..." she explained. "My daughter...shot dead at the corner store where she worked. So I took care of my grand-babies. One died in a drive-by, the other died from drugs...and she left me *her* babies to raise...and if I go there is no one left to raise them..." She turned away briefly.

"Jesus," I breathed. "I'm so sorry."

"I...only recently was able to get an apartment near decent schools," Sabine whispered. "If they go to foster care with strangers..." She swallowed. "I...I heard things about you..."

"You want letters or phone calls of reference, I can get them for you."

She snorted. "You screw this up, I'm dead anyway. What do I have to lose? Money's tight, but I could make a little room for payments out of my checks...especially if I don't need my meds anymore...." I was pretty sure at this point what she was getting at.

"Sabine, I need you to be specific. What is it you want me to do?"

"Bring me back after I die. Kill me quietly if you're willing to...I'd appreciate not drowning in my own juices. And it's easier if the death is never reported. I get back up, am seen still walking around, the checks keep coming, my girls keep going to a safe school."

"I see," I said quietly.

"Just till they graduate! Reach adulthood. Wouldn't...wouldn't be *right* cheating beyond that point." At that point, I took her full medical history, then did some math. Block off half a day for the ritual, amortize those fees over the period things were likely to last before a booster... the monthly cost was little more than beer money, really. And it's not like she'd need the beer after this. There would be diminishing returns on repeated treatments...but I could get her there. The younger kid might need a full time job the day she graduates high school...but I could get Sabine that far.

"Okayyy..." I said slowly. "This may be a sore topic for you, but I will need you to source your own narcotics to help things along. I will not take on the legal risks of buying it myself." I preferred that the patient "do the honors" herself if possible. This was a city where it was trivially easy to obtain the cheap deadly Chinese shit.

Sabine nodded. "I can do that..." said said.

"It will take several hours, so you need someone watching the kids. This office is no place for them."

"Neighbor will take them for the afternoon."

"And *no eating or drinking after midnight the day of the procedure,"* I deadpanned. After a beat or two, Sabine laughed. I smiled at her. "Seriously, though. You'll want to save yourself the mess. I charge extra for needless cleanup. Your throat will also be sore, your voice raspy, and do you want to actually *sound* like a zombie?" I penciled her into my schedule, and she tottered out, far more relaxed than when she came in.

A few minutes later, my phone rang. It was Maddie, my old college roommate. She'd gone the law school route, becoming an estate and elder law attorney.

"Hey, it's time we caught up with each other," Maddie said. The words sounded loaded. "Can you do lunch with me Monday? At my office?"

Hmmm. Play this right and my student loans could be paid off within the next year....

&#x200B;

My other stories are at r/Hazelnightengale

&#x200B;

Edit: flow, proofread, expanding a point