"Touchdown!" exclaimed my wife Cindy.  From the corner of my eyes, I saw that she glanced over in my direction to look for my approval.

"We're watching basketball," I sighed.  

Undeterred from her failure, she replied, "I know, just testing you."  She returned her attention to the TV and eagerly awaited for another basket to be made by any team. She doesn't know which is which but she just knows that I'm rooting for the "blue guys".  Sure enough, one of the blue guys made a jumpshot.  Without hesitation, Cindy pounced on top of me and yells, "GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!!!!"

I smacked my palm to my face while shaking my head, but my mouth betrayed me as it curled up into a smile.  Out of nowhere, a deafening fart erupted and drowned out the sound of the game.  Shell shocked, I was unable to react.

"Spot...!! That's nasty!" exclaimed Cindy.

"Spot is upstairs!  Get your nasty ass off me!" I laughed in disgust as I pushed my wife off of me.

"How dare you blame me," said Cindy with a smirk.  "On an unrelated note, be right back, I have to use the bathroom."  Cindy vaulted off the couch and scurried to the bathroom.  Finally, I could watch the game in peace.  Fifteen seconds left on the clock, my team was down by two, and we had the ball.  Our star player brings it down the court.  Ten seconds left.  He gets double teamed and picks up his dribble.  Seven seconds.  He manages to pass it to his teammate while being smothered by the defense.  Five seconds left.  He frees himself from the double team, runs to an open spot, and demands the ball back.  Three seconds.  He gets the ball, and heaves up an off balance shot from the three point line.  The buzzer sounds.  And the shot is...

"BABY!" screeched Cindy.  Her outburst made me tear my eyes away from the game before I could catch what happened.  As I was about to yell at Cindy, she tackled me and nearly crushed my ribs with a hug.  She had tears streaming down her face.

"Baby..? What.. what happened in there? See this is why I told you not to eat the leftover burrito that's been sitting out since last week."

"No, it's not that! You'll never believe what happened!" 

"What was it?" I asked.

"The bathroom... I went in and I didn't see a bathroom!"

"What did you see then?" 

"A new world!  But instead of people everyone was puppets!"  My concern immediately vanished, and instead I felt embarrassed to have fell for another one of my wife's stupid jokes.  

"Ha ha okay you got me.  Very funny," I said.  "You need to cut that out though, you made me miss the end of the game. Next time you do that, I'll fart in your face."  With a surprising amount of force, Cindy grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me.

"I'm not joking!  I've been gone for years!  I finally found a way back thanks to some puppet scientists, but the wormhole they created is going to disappear in one minute!"

"You always keep your jokes going for too long, dumbass.  It wasn't even funny at all in the first place!"  I laughed.

"NO! LISTEN!  They love me there!  I'm like a celebrity!  They gave me everything I could ever want!  A puppet mansion!  Puppet luxury cars!  Puppet court side tickets to watch puppet basketball!"

"Cool."  I turned back to the TV.

"Please!  I know you don't believe me, but come with me to the bathroom!  We can live like royalty there!  Please, the wormhole is closing!"  My concern slowly crept back into me.  I had never seen Cindy act like this before.  The panic, the hysteria.  Maybe... maybe she's not lying?  

"Come on!" yelled Cindy as she grabbed my hands.  I don't know what came over me, but I started to believe her.  I shot up from the couch, and ran with her to the bathroom.  

"We only have a few more seconds left!  Go!" yelled Cindy.  My heart was racing as we neared the bathroom door.  I reached for the door knob, turned it, and ran into the darkness.  I was not sure what was in store for me, but I was excited to live in this new, strange world with my wife.  I heard the door slam behind me, and my nostrils were overwhelmed with a foul, rancid smell.  

"You are probably the biggest idiot I have ever met in my life" said Cindy from the other side of the door.  I turned on the lights and was surprised see our bathroom.  Looking down at the toilet, I saw a brown, unflushed swamp.  

"Cindy, you fucker, let me out!"  I tried opening the door, but Cindy was pushing back with all her might.

"Enjoy my present!"  yelled Cindy. "And as they say in basketball, I just hit a home run on you!"  
  

