“Is that al-“

I couldn’t even finish before the player walked away. This wasn’t even the first time either. 

Growing up, I had no family or friends. I had nobody. I was bound to this shop since the day I was born, given to me by a chance. “Mark the Merchant” they called me. That isn’t even my real name. 

I had a friend, once. I named him Murky. He was a small frog looking animal, hopping away at every chance he could. At only level 3, he stood by my shop at day and hid at night. At first murky was very aggressive before he realized I was invincible. Then, he came every morning for a snack and stayed by my side keeping me company. With the constant feeding, he grew to a mighty level 8! That was before the factions began. 

Players took sides, The Valient and The Fallen. 

One day one of “The Valient” walked up to my shop and killed Murky. I was devastated. How could a level 45 player, who claims to be someone who fights for good, kill my precious Murky. All life in this world is precious and was created for a reason. Who is this “Valient” player to decide what lives and what dies? Life is a miracle in my eyes, and just because some life can be harmful does not mean the player should have had a right to kill Murky. Everything in this world is fighting to survive. As far as I know, there is no other life in this universe I live in besides what is on this planet. That means that anything that is created to live on this planet is one of a kind and nobody should have the power to do what this so called “Justice Seeker” did.

You see, that day, something inside me changed. I closed my shop for the day and players were angry, and nobody could get the health potions they needed.  I didn’t care. I left a note on the front door that said “Bug Infestation, Shop closed for the day”. That seemed to set everyone straight. But instead of waiting until the next day, I went into the deepest dungeon to the boss nobody could defeat. Once he realized I was invincible and he wasn’t, he decided to start a conversation with me. 

“What do you desire?”, the dark prince said.

“Revenge”, I said under my breath. 
“The Valient have killed someone precious to me, and I seek to destroy the players who think they can rule over all. It goes against my will, but if they survive, they will all think they can kill and go as they please. I will not destroy all of the players, as “The Fallen” are the only ones who are willing to go against the Valient. The Valient believe that anyone who go against them is wrong and that is not the truth to Justice”. 

“Who have they killed?” The Dark Prince asked. 

“One of the monsters on the surface. I named him Murky”. I said, almost to tears. “I got him to level 11 before one of the players decided he was too much to bear on”.

“Ahh, I was wondering how one of my lowly subordinates got to such a high level. It must have been you.” The all knowing one said.

“Yes, so let’s make a deal, shall we? You bring back Murky for me.” I said.

The Dark Prince looked at me slyly and came close. “And what’s In it for me?” He said. 

“Power, beyond mine. I will let you be the shop keeper and gain my invincibility, and will run the shop acting as if I am invincible still. Do we have a deal?” I exclaimed. 

The Dark Prince looked at me again, questioningly. “Alright” he said. 

As I shook his hand, I felt my invincibility disappear. My power was weakining, but if I could just see Murky’s face one more time, I know it will all be worth it. 