"That is not dead which can eternal lie..." blah, blah, blah. Et cetera and so forth. So there I was (and here I still am), every time I think I might be able to catch a smidgen of shut-eye, I am *awoken*. By some gormless twit in a jerkin and leggings with an heirloom sword. Inevitably, they've been told that they're some brand of messiah, and invariably have fewer braincells than they have hairs upon their chin. Even the girls. Especially the girls. You'd think I'd get used to it, being an eldritch being that transcends space and time. Apparently, the proportions of my bedroom are "non-Euclidean" and "Cyclopean". Do you know what I call that? Rude, plain and simple. It's hard to decorate a bedroom containing a king-sized bed appropriately. Have you ever tried finding a bedside that won't look lilliputian beside an Elder-God sized bed? It's damn nigh impossible, I'll tell you right now. Believe me, I've tried. I actually found one, once. That lasted until the "Last Heir To The Throne of Albion" managed to set fire to my curtains, and subsequently, my entire house. Just when I'd managed to get everything to match, as well! I was quite steamed, I'll tell you now. 

I've only got myself to blame, I suppose. It's all a relic of my misspent youth. As a young thing, I was something of a firebrand. All full of ectoplasm and vinegar. When I first coalesced into this particular membrane of reality, I was something of a “humanitarian”. You bring chaos and insanity to a world, and suddenly you're "evil". Since then, I’ve settled down. I’ve raised a clutch of godlings and retired. To be honest, I’ve never been quite the same since that incident with that continent. You know the one I mean, enough said.

Anyway, they come here, screaming their accusations and their oh-so-adorable words of banishment. It’s always a treat to hear what I’m being blamed for this generation. Spoiled milk, rotten eggs, various mooncalves and, this time, a rather regrettable election outcome. Believe you me, responsibility for that one goes straight to the top. Or is it to the bottom? To the direction that lies five right-angles to one’s orientation upon viewing a tranquil scene, yet inhaling the scent of corruption and decay?

I digress. After I’ve had a decent aeon’s sleep, I’m writing a letter to the paper. In rather strident terms, I’ll be laying out exactly how I feel. I am sick and tired of being woken up whenever someone’s bathwater isn’t just right, and they need someone to blame. Here’s a hint: It’s the hot water system. If I was a few geological time periods younger, I’d show them all what for. As it is, I think I let them off fairly lightly. The polite ones, I flense the flesh from their bones. The rude ones, well, you know the type. They’re all “begone vile fiend, thy very countenance is an insult to the laws of physics!” I mean really, when I’m feeling particularly frumpy, I might wear Stellar McCartney. Anyway, the rude ones. I’ll teach them a lesson and ingest their very essence. I can still feel some of them still, slithering around my bunions.

What I wouldn’t give for a decent nap, I’ll tell you. It’s almost enough to make me want to pack up by bat and ball and go home…
