“Wait what” Michael thought to himself “did he just speak ... no it can’t be ... how can anyone even” 

He rubbed his eyes in disbelief thinking that it was a dream, but it wasn’t. He was still standing alone in the halls of his high school that had brought him so much misfortune. He couldn’t move. How could it be? That kid, now long gone, had just spoken the language of the light. His brain could no longer comprehend what was going on. He thought that the only transcripts of the language were with him. He opened his locker quickly to check. And yep, still there. Did someone open it and have a look? Even if it was too complex of a language to be learnt with just one glance. He had spent hundreds if not thousands of his lonely hours perfecting it. Ever since his freshmen year of high school up until this very moment four years later. He had to understand what was happening. 

At that same moment he heard the familiar voice of the school counselor, Mr. Jones. “Come on now Michael we talked about this. I know you don’t like the kids in your class, but you cannot run away from  all your problems. You have to go. You do come here to learn after all” 

With that Micheal remembered his long overdue calculus class that had started 15 minutes ago. “I’m sorry Mr. Jones, just couldn’t find my book” 

Reaching into his locker, Mr. Jones picked up the first book on top “you mean this one?” 

“Wow how did I not see that” 

“Off you go then” 

He couldn’t wait another moment for the class to end. He had only been inside for 5 minutes, but it was the last class of the day and he needed to talk to that kid. He didn’t know him, just knew that he was one of the ‘cool’ kids. His thoughts quickly drifted from one to another and before he realized, the bell was ringing. He picked up his things and ran off leaving the teacher looking astonished behind him. After dropping his stuff in the locker, he eagerly waited outside of the school doors for the kid to come out. 

As soon as he glanced a view of him he called out “akhooya” (comrade). He could see the eyes of the kid turn towards him as he said the word. He told him to meet him behind the school after 10 minutes. 

10 minutes later, and he didn’t see anyone coming. He couldn’t believe that he let the opportunity slip, but before his desperation had gotten to him, he heard footsteps. It was nobody other than him. 

“Hi Michael” he said “I know you’re confused, how does this guy know the language of the light? How does he know my name? All of this will be answered just listen to me carefully” 

“Who the fuck are you?” 

“My name is Michael the fourth, your great grandson. I come from the year 2107. My father, your grandson, has sent me here to warn you of what the future holds.  We belong to the infamous group of the light, founded by no other than yourself. Two decades from now, and you will start your first revolution against the tyrannous regime. I know they seem all good now, but not after the Great War. You attempt to regain the power back to the people, but realize that simple protests will never do. You infiltrate their governments, their celebrities, all of what they cherish. You are able to gain the influence of the people. Not just that, but you are able to gain the influence over everybody. You are now the most powerful person to have ever walked the earth, but that power doesn’t come without a price. Along the way you have created powerful enemies. And they are out to seek your death. I am here to tell you to beware. Do not trust anyone, especially those closest to you. I must go for my duty here has been fulfilled. May the light ever shine in your path” 
 