Jeremy paced the bridge of the generation ship. It was lonely up here, but that was a necessary sacrifice. The attention he had been receiving was distracting him from his duties. 

You see, Jeremy was an immortal. An immortal in charge of looking after humanity's last hope: the Seedling generation ship, cruising towards the outer limits of the Andromeda Galaxy. Once there, they would hopefully be able to find a suitable planet, colonise it, and then restart civilization all over again. 

But for now, he had to take care of a bunch of rowdy humans caged in a ship. 

The problem began the second they left Earth. He had assumed the role of leader of the generation ship. However, it was no more than 2 generations later that the people started worshiping him as a god. 

Jeremy had tried many ways to stop this, but all had failed. Either the next generation or the generation after would start worshiping him again, or they simply didn't listen to him. Humans were trouble, Jeremy reflected. 

Finally, he decided on the final course of action. He would hide himself away in the bridge of the ship, never appearing to anyone else ever again. Humanity wouldn't believe in something they couldn't see, right? 

Wrong. For some ridiculous reason, the beliefs continued. No one ever questioned why they believed in a god that they never saw. This continued for generations and generations. 

But now, enough people had had enough of the oppressive religion of Jeremism. They were speaking out, and doing so in groups. The voice of truth would speak again. 

Smiling to himself, Jeremy prepared to listen in on one of the historical meetings of the people. 

"... that there is no god? Your 'Jeremy' doesn't exist. You can't prove his existence, and he left nothing behind. Thus, logic says he isn't real." A very charismatic speaker, the leader of the Anti-Jeremists, was speaking. 

"We believe because we have seen the effects of Jeremy in our world today. We do not need to see him to know him. That is what faith is all about." came the reply from the aristocratic religion leader. 

The first speaker raised his hands in frustration. "Then away with you and your beliefs! All we ask is that you do not subject the entire population to the stupid beliefs of the nobles. You believe what you want, and I'll believe what I want. This oppression goes against the very morals laid down by your great Jeremy!"

Instead of reacting, religion man leaned forward. "Tell me, what is it that you are so upset about? There has to be more than a difference in belief for you to start a war over it." 

"There is nothing extra. Nothing more than freedom for me and my people. I don't believe in your god. Therefore, I shouldn't be subject to any rules set forth by your god. No rituals, no prohibitions, no stupid morals. We want freedom. Meritocracy. Where every man has the right to prove themselves and do what they want. And from what I know of your religion, you are obliged to give us that basic right."

The priest began to respond, but Jeremy had already tuned him out. Now he truly understood the horror of what he had created. 





