My family has always dabbled in the arcane. For as many generations as we could trace (and there were many), the same pattern has followed without fail: the first born child receives the gift of magick. They're capable of just about any feat if they put their mind to it (and they always do). The unfortunate backlash of this magnificent gift appears only when the younger siblings are brought into the world. 

That's where the bag comes in. 

The story goes that our great great great Uncle Lucas felt so bad for his baby brother that he enchanted a simple leather bag just so his sibling could feel special. If I were to explain the bag to you in modern terms, you might call it a "bag of wonder". Bag of holding didn't really work and you had to be careful what you tried to store in it. One time I placed an apple inside for safe keeping and ended up with a handful of prunes upon retrieval. Uncle Lucas apparently had a sense of humor on top of his many other talents: sometimes it swapped what you put inside and sometimes it didn't. I've pulled many a strange object out. Last week, I ended up with the wallet of a man in India. My wallet, however, never showed back up. 

Lesson learned. 

Anyway, this enchanted bag is usually given to the second child. There are other gizmos and gadgets all magicked up that are passed to third and fourth children, but out of all of them it's the bag that is both the most useful and most confounding. 

If you haven't figured it out yet, I'm the second born child. My older sister has all the natural talent. I have a bag that likes to fuck with me whenever it has the chance. We're in a dry spell, me and the bag. It hasn't played a trick on me in a few weeks so my suspicion is sky high. Last night I set the thing on the table and stared very hard at it. I asked it was up to. I asked what it was planning. Because it is a bag, it did not answer. I drank some whiskey and went to bed. 

This all brings me to the current situation at hand: I need bus fare and whatever just increased the weight of the damn thing definitely doesn't feel like change. There are a few people in the line ahead of me so I have time to jingle it about and peer into the dark insides. It takes me a minute to recognize the revolver tucked away (my sandwich has become a condom, I notice. When will I ever need that?) and it makes my stomach do a few acrobatic flips that catapult it up into my esophagus. I choke on it and snap the bag shut quickly. 

A minute passes, then two. I peek inside once more in hopes that the bag is done playing pranks. Both condom and gun stare back at me and I swear, I really swear, that a laugh track played in the background. Now, this bag's purpose is to provide a person with an item they are going to need very soon. Faced with a firearm and contraception, I am understandably irked. This means that I am either going to get laid or that I'm going to need the gun. I'm praying for the former. It's been months since I last hooked up with anyone. Knowing my luck, however, I'm willing to bet that it's the gun I'll be using very soon. 

The driver clears his throat once, loudly and pointedly, jerking me back to reality. "Bus fare," he mutters in a gruff monotone. I've had this bag long enough to be smart. I grab my wallet from a back pocket and pay the allotted fee before hurrying to take up one of the few empty seats. The weight of the stupid bag hasn't changed. Condom. Revolver. 

My temples are starting to pound as agitation brought physical reactions. Looking back, I probably should have been far more scared than I was. At that moment I was irritable and annoyed only. 

My lookout consists, now, of scoping out hot chicks while intermittently trying to figure out which decrepit looking business man might snap. A few stops come and go. The scenery changes and the bus gets a bit more crowded. A young woman wobbles in front of me and barely braced herself on the overhanging rail. She's pretty cute: dark hair, tan complexion, a splash of freckles on her nose. She's got those big brown eyes that people write songs about and the kind of lips that made the imagination run wild. 

Please, for the love of God, let the condom be the item I needed. 

Polite gentleman that I am I offer my seat to the girl. This is, in no way, a ploy. I definitely did not do this so that I could come off as charming and therefore maybe chat her up. She bats this pretty eyes at me as she thanks me for the seat and I try to flash an award winning grin in return. It looks more like a grimace, I think, because I've just noticed the wedding band on her finger. Fuck. Now I've lost my seat and there is still a gun in my damn bag. Looks like I'm back to scoping out overworked and under-laid business types. As the bus swings into the next stop, the married chick lets herself off and I silently mourn her as the one that got away while simultaneously taking my seat back. There are two stops left before mine and I'm still unsure of what is going to happen. I'm becoming certain that the gun is what I'll need soon and the idea is enough to make me a bit jumpy. Every little movement around me has my hand darting toward the gun just in case. Still, nothing happens. People text or stare out the window with their ear jacks in. I have zoned in on a little boy who looks thoroughly uncomfortable. He has these puffy cheeks and red eyes like he has been crying and even though the man next to him has an arm looped across the back of his seat the kid looks stiff and scared. Every few seconds he sniffs and his lip trembles. 

My mind is in gun paranoia mode. I consider that he might be a child abductee, though logic tells me that he probably just got in trouble. He can't be more than eight or nine by the looks of it and the man next to him definitely looks like his father. Dad catches me staring: I avert my eyes. That's when I see it, finally. When I'd turned my head away from father and son dynamic duo over there, my stare landed on a teenager in all black. His hood was up to conceal his face even though it had to be in the high 80s today. Weirdo McGee was fidgeting about nervously and from the shifts of his hood I could tell he was looking around. He texted with rapid fingers and then would stuff his phone down between his thighs. What was he up to? Rob the bus driver? A gas station? The bus lurched into the next stop: kid stood up and so did I. Hey, instinct is instinct. My stop wasn't until the next one but I had a feeling I needed to follow this little shit bag. 

He walked a few blocks and then, without warning, turned right down an alleyway. I kept him in my line of sights: I tailed him from a good distance and when I reached the corner I stopped to listen. There was moaning coming from where Suspicious Pants McSplurge had gone and a guttural threat that I couldn't quite hear. A girl's voice responded in kind. I almost started choking: was he raping someone? Hurriedly I scrambled to pull out the gun. One in the chamber. I spun it once and then clicked everything into place. Another moan told me I had to hurry, so when I stepped into the entrance of the dark alley it was with both arms holding the revolver forward and my feet spread eagle like a damn cop show. "Get off the girl---..."

The two teenagers stared doe eyed and terrified at me. Me, a mid thirties man in a stained t-shirt and ill fitting jeans, pointing a gun straight at them. Mr. Hoodie had a mouthful of neck and I couldn't see his far arm, but from the way Alley Girl arched I assumed it was beneath her shirt. Shit. We all basked uncomfortably in the silence until little miss cleared her throat and spoke up. "Please don't kill us."

The pounding in my temples got worse. I grunted a response and lowered the weapon, clicking safety back into place. It went back into my bag and I retrieved the condom instead. With all of the gruffness in the world I flicked the wrapped thing at them and, in a perfect monotone, told them to 'wrap it before you tap it'. 

I didn't linger to see what happened from there. Now I had to make the rest of the walk home. I wasn't getting laid, my sandwich was gone, and the stupid bag had punk'd me yet again. 

(First time here! Thanks for reading)