"Jack!" 

It's a female voice, running up from behind me. My friend Elizabeth runs up next to me. "Jack, I need your help. This is urgent!" I look up from my cell phone and slip it into my pocket. "What's up, Liz?" I ask in return. "What's wrong?" Liz sighs. "I can't tell you all of the details, but we need to go outside, near a busy road. "Wha..?" I hardly raise my voice before Liz begins to run off. I catch up with her as we leave the high school, and step out into the outdoor pavilion.

Liz looks around rapidly. She flips her hair back from the wind and pulls my hand towards the sidewalk as she moves again. She faces me, and looks me in the eyes, "Jack, I need you to look at me. Stare at me in the eyes. For as long that you can without blinking." "Liz, what is this, some type of joke?" "Jack please, you'll understand." "Alright," "Now, stare at me." I hold my eyes open, and stare directly at her. "Now, don't blink, but using your peripheral vision, do you notice anything different about the road?" I watch for awhile, from the side of my eyes. "Yes, there aren't any cars coming towards me, and this road is always really busy,"

"And, there's no traffic coming from behind you, because I'm watching down that way, but if I close my eyes." Liz closes her eyes. Soon enough, cars begin to come driving down from behind me. I back away from her. "Liz, I don't know what you're doing, but this isn't cool." "This is why I needed you, Jack. I've confirmed it. When our eyes are open for too long, nothing happens around us." 

Dumbfounded, I wasn't really sure on how to respond. I didn't want to believe that we had the power to control our surroundings. "I... I should really be going now." I stammer. "Wait, Jack, one more thing." I turn back towards her. "What?" "See that airplane up there?" "Nonononono." I say, "Stare at it." I struggle to collect myself. "Alright." I look up into the sky and stare at the airplane. Eventually, it stops, and stays where it is." Three minutes pass, six minutes, when finally I blink.

"I... don't understand." I say. "That's because you choose not to." Liz says, while rolling her eyes. "The longer you look towards something, the less it changes. That way it doesn't require so much disk space to..."

"What?!"