I am drowning.

I squeeze my eyes closed, then slowly let them open.

*She is there.*

Olivia's eyes no longer have the dulled grey sheen that haunted them for her last few months. Instead, they are that deep blue I fell in love with, and they sparkle like the moon on the crest of a wave. Almost dancing. Perhaps it is from the candlelight that illuminates the cave and sends shadows rustling on the walls.

I love her. 

It's the first time I've allowed myself to understand that. That it's not just a crush, although the feeling is certainly crushing, like a metal fist squeezing and squashing my heart.

*Why didn't you ever tell her?*

But I know why.

"Olivia," I whisper. "What's going on?"

 "I've been waiting so fucking long for you, Sarah."

The black shroud opposite her, on the other side of the table, begins to talk, red eyes burning through its mist covering. "I have taken your friend." The voice is a deep rumble, but it keeps an even tone. Not mocking or gleeful, simply factual. "And she has chosen you to help return her to existence. To be her champion."

 A creature made of marble, with thick red veins streaking it, turns its neck to me with a crack. This beast is gleeful. "We will play a game," it says. " And if you two win, we return you both."

 "I don't understand," I say, my mouth dry.

 "And if we win," says the dark mass with red eyes, "Then we reap you both. You will belong to Satan, always."

"Reap us?"

Olivia bites her lip in the way that always spreads a bolt of excited goosebumps down my back. "Sarah, I was... I was given the opportunity to survive. To live. Death has granted me a game, and if I win it, I'll be sent back. To Earth. To school." She pauses. "To you." 

 I don't know what to say. She's risked my life, my existence, to save her own? She carries on before I have the chance to formulate a reply.

 "But the game is four players. Death and Satan, against me and... And someone willing to risk their life for me." Her cheeks flush a hot red and she runs a hand through her hair. "There is no one else I could think of who would do this for me. I... I'm sorry, if I was presumptuous. If I was wrong. You can always refuse!" she adds enthusiastically.


 I don't need any more time to think.  Hot tears streak my face. "Of course I'll stay and help you! Jesus, I don't even want to go back, if you're not there, Olivia." My hands tremble, as does my voice. She watches me nervously as I speak. 

"Look, Olivia, this is probably the hardest thing I'll ever have to say." I suck in a deep breath. "I never told you this, because, well--"


 "I already know," she says. "So you don't need to say, okay? I always knew. And... God, this is hard to say too, but I feel the same. Felt the same. I was just ashamed. Not of you! But of me and who I was. *What* I was."

 My throat rocks. "You had boyfriends."

She smiles weakly. "That's how I knew."

 She loved me? All that time and she never said a thing. Is that why she sometimes made fun of me with her clique? To fool herself. And...  "There were nights I lay awake waiting for you to respond to texts, just about homework or whatever other stupid excuse I could think up to message you, and you never did reply to any of them."

 "Not because I'd forgotten about you or them," she says. "But--"

 "Let's get on with the game!" demands the Devil, slamming his fist against the table.
 

---


Mr Clegg's fist strikes the table and snaps me from my reverie. 


 "Are you still with us, Sarah? Because it would be nice if you'd at least open your textbook and pretend you're following."

Hushed mocking laughter fills the room.  
 
I fumble with the book, opening it out as the teacher walks back to the front of class. Past an empty desk, the other end of the room. An empty chair.

I hate her so fucking much. My breath hitches in my throat. Choking me. Drowning me.





