The calm quiet of the waves below relaxed me. It was really messed up, if you thought about it; at random times on random days, without warning, you'd suddenly appear in front of a loved one, and all you knew was that you had an hour with them before they were gone forever. The program was started to give you a chance to say goodbye, but in all the confusion, who can think of the right thing to say? Lucky for me, I had no one left to see. 

I hated to think about that here, of all places. She knew she was gonna go, we were all prepared for hers, but that didn't make it easier. At least the calm waves relaxed my mom to sleep, she deserved the peace after 5 years of fighting. That was a couple of years ago now, but it still had a way of getting to the front of my mind.

I had to get that out of my head, fighting back the tears was too much for me. The sun was about to set, there was a small sailboat in the distance, some sea birds decided to start talking. I closed my eyes, and let the cool, salty breeze flow over my face. I took a deep breath, and the coffee smelled wonderful.

Coffee? And...people. And something else I couldn't identify. Metallic maybe, it sort of burned my nostrils. It was still quiet, but a different quiet. Not calm. I opened my eyes so see a wall of people, circled around something. The room was small, with desks and a long counter with thick glass above it. A sign behind the glass read "First Bank." The silence was broken as police and paramedics pushed through the doors. People dispersed, and on the floor I saw...a stranger. Obviously still breathing, but not moving much besides that.

Why would I be here? I don't even know this guy. Was this a malfunction or something?

The police told everyone to calm down, while the paramedics took the body outside. As he was being wheeled away, his wallet fell to the side, behind a potted plant and out of plain view. I wanted to know who he was, maybe I had a long lost cousin or something. And I had an hour anyway, so maybe I'd have enough time to figure it out and say something. That is, if I could even think of anything. I walked up to the wallet, pocketed it, and slipped out of the bank. I found an unguarded section of police tape, ducked under, and speed-walked away.

I pulled the wallet out, but before I could open it, someone behind me called my name. I turned to see my last ex, from a bad relationship. She looked good, but I didn't love her, so she couldn't be who I was here for. And anyway, from the way she acted about my mom, I almost hated her.

She walked up to me and, from behind her, a shy toddler stepped out. He couldn't have been more than...wait...

"Hey, I've been trying to contact you for a couple of years now, you're a hard one to find!"

I looked to the kid, then back to her. "Yeah, well, after my mom, I kind of wanted to be left alone. So, who's this?"

"Thats... why I wanted to talk to you." She paused. "I guess theres no good way to say this, so, here it goes. He's your son." 

I looked at the kid. His expression didn't change, so they must have talked about this before. I want to say I was surprised, but not much surprised me anymore. And anyways, I guess the whole relationship wasn't bad, before my mom at least, so it was possible.

"I mean, shouldn't we get, like, a DNA test, to be sure?" I said, my voice shakier than I wanted.

She let go of the kids hand, to gesture at me with disappointment, and he wandered to the side. I tried to pay attention to him, but she wouldn't let me. She wasn't yelling or anything, but she held my attention.

It was quick. I didn't even realize the hour had already passed. He wandered too far, and he was too small to see from a semi. I don't blame the driver, or my ex. Though I will admit, it did surprise me.

Did I cause this, or would it have happened even if I wasn't here? I guess that's my biggest problem with the program. If you spend your hour wrong, there's nothing you can do about the regret.