I still can't work out how he did it.

Every day when I get up and look in the mirror all I can see is that dopey-ass grin he had on his face at the end. 

I try to clear my mind, close my eyes and think back to happier times; subjects who did as they were supposed to, subjects who died like they were supposed to, but it never quite works anymore.

Most of my actions back then were selfish. I can admit to that. I liked to see people suffer and I dressed it up as 'lesson'. Pretending it was bad people getting what they deserved when really it was more to satisfy the bloodlust I felt inside.

But the tabloid press loved the angle; sniffing out the 'why' in each kill, centrefold splashes of my latest trap and how the intricacies of the new devices worked. Circulation had barely been this high in years! Who was I to deny them of their fun? 

Of course I may have leaked a few details here and there, left a diary page or some research out where they could be easily picked up by a keen 'investigative reporter' but mostly I left them to it. I knew how to cover my tracks and that was all that really mattered.

David Blaine though, he was different.

The smile was annoying, even back then, but I found that the worst thing were those eyes. They just sat in their sockets aimlessly, like they didn't really want to be there at all. They made me hate the face they inhabited. In the end, I think it was the eyes that made me want to do it. 

I had rigged up something 'fun' for Blaine. I had to really, given the endless amounts of pain he had inflicted on unsuspecting viewers over the years. 

It was a head clamp. A nest of metal that sat around his skull, holding him in place so he remained seated, whilst at the same time fixing a straw into his mouth. In front, on the table, a bottle of water which he could tip and pour into the cup to which the straw led. 

The trap itself was fairly standard. Each time the bottle was poured it would release the pressure switch. The switch would start the modified treadmill underneath the chair. Leg shackles kept his feet in place, stuck to the chair, causing both the chair and his feet to be slowly eaten away at by the now-rapidly rising belt of extra sharp sandpaper.

I had calculated that a full bottle would cause him to have removed all of the chair legs, and thus his entire lower leg. At this point the shock would set in and he would knock over the bottle, causing the band saw to be on continuously and eating away at him until the blood loss took him. 

Given the mans skills I didn't want to be in the room for this one, God knows how long he could survive without water, so I set up a one way mirror opposite him at the other end of the table. 

My thoughts were right. 

He spent two days in that chair without taking a sip. When he finally moved the bottle and felt the movement beneath him I thought I could see some amusement flicker in those dead eyes. This should have been a warning, but in my hubris and excitement I ignored it.

I watched as the bottom of Blaine's shoe was eaten away and looked up at his face. It was emotionless and his eyes were staring at the mirror. Not just at the mirror, they were staring at me.

This made me feel slightly panicked. Why wasn't he bothered? How did he know exactly where I was standing?

Panic quickly gave way to shock as I felt a tickle on the soles of my feet. A slight sensation of air running underneath them and then, suddenly and with force that almost launched me at the kiddie, a searing scraping pain ripped across my feet. 

I cried out and looked down at my feet, expecting to see some kind of creature there attacking me. Instead a thin trickle of blood was making its way out of my shoes and onto the cold stone floor below.

The pain increased and I watched as Blaine's feet wore away more and more as the band saw continued to spin. His feet were painted scarlet, but Blaine simply continued to stare me down. Unnatural and unmoving with a stupid serene smile plastered on his goddamn face.

It took thirty more seconds to realise what was happening. By then the pain in what was left of my feet was unbearable. I stumbled sideways, flailing my hands towards the failsafe stop button I had, sensibly, installed on this side of the glass

There was a creaking, a screeching, a whirring and then finally a bright flash. I jerked my head around to look back into the room, to check the emergency stop had worked.

Blaine wasn't there . He no longer sat in the room where I had put him.

Instead, staring back at me in my own reflection were a pair of soulless eyes fit clumsily into a face they didn't belong in.

I still can't work out how he did it, but every morning in the mirror all I can ever see is that dopey-ass grin staring back at me.