Barack smiled when he saw it. This was the sort of sense of humour Sasha had when she was a kid. She wasn't a kid anymore, a fact he had come to find out the difficult way. He had been on the business end of an angsty rant from her earlier that afternoon. 

Maybe this was the way she was going to make it up to him, by playing a prank. He strode towards the kitchen and shouted out;

"Sasha, I just got the strangest no..."

It was like the ice bucket challenge all over again; his entire system went freezing cold then burning hot. Standing in the middle of his kitchen was some sort of waxwork figure of JFK. It looked like a composite of every picture he had seen of Kennedy. 

There were two things that stood out though. He was wearing a modern suit. It looked like Savile Row, and his eyes. His eyes were the most piercing green coming into yellow around the iris. 

He bent double with his hands on his knees. This was a laugh he needed. This was one elaborate prank. He bounced across the floor to the figure, and immediately inspected his face. Incredible craftsmanship went into this. Instinctively he looked for the ipad to take a selfie, but he remembered he carried a phone now. 

He whipped it out and took one with a cheesy grin. He reached out to touch the skin on his face and pulled it out. It was really elastic.

"Are you quite finished" snapped the figure sending Barrack stumbling backwards knocking a nespresso machine with his elbow. He held it together for a second and began laughing again. 

"Holy shit it talks," Barrack said waving his hand in front of the figures face. 

The figure slapped him straight across the face.

"Have you any god damn idea who I am young man," spat Kennedy in his New England draw.

Barrack tried to speak but nothing came out, but rather sat there with his mouth ajar.

"Oh for god's sake you're not idiot too are you?"

Obama tried again but only managed one word;
"Too?"

"Well no offence but your not exactly my first choice."

Obama shook his head. This couldn't be happening. He swung on his heels and headed for the hallway.

"Barry where are you going?"

"I'm sorry Mr. President..."

"Jack."

"I'm sorry...Jack...but I appear to be having a stroke, so I'm going to go have a lie down."

"Ok."

Obama left the kitchen in shock, ascended the stairs, and climbed into bed with his clothes still on, complete with shoes. He rolled over.

"Hi there." JFK hazel eyes met Barrack's.

"Am I dead?" Obama asked

"No."

"But you are right?"

"Yes and No."

"This sounds like there is going to be some long convoluted explanation for how the hell I am looking at you right now so can you just skip to that please." Barrack said sitting up. Kennedy followed.

"Sure." The two stared at each other for a moment.

"Now would be nice."

"Oh right sorry. Are you familiar with the Illuminati?"

"The tinfoil hat brigade were right! The illuminati are real!"

JFK exploded into laughter

"No I'm just fucking with you. You know anything about quantum mechanics and the many worlds theory?"

Barrack kept calm usually. He would have been briefed by an advisor about the topic before a conversation. Those were the days.

"No I don't."

"Ok well in brief there are many alternate parallel timelines to this one. In this one, I was killed in Dallas in 1963 right?"

Barrack nodded

"Well I come from a similar timeline, except before my assassination, which was in Maine by the way, I was rescued."

"By who?"

"Well do you know what the grand filter is?"

"Like on instagram?"

JFK stared at him sternly.

"No I don’t."

"Every civilisation eventually gets powerful enough to destroy itself. It's our job to make sure that civilisation gets through this filter in as many timelines as possible."

"Why?"

"I don’t know, it's above my pay grade."

"So you are like an intergalactic police force?"

"We call ourselves breachers, and we are more like a super secret group of spies. Also we don’t go into space. Before you get your hopes up."

"And if I say no?"

"Remember what happened me in Dallas in 63?"

Obama swallowed hard. 

"Remember ask not what your species can do for you."

Barrack swung his legs to the floor.

"Ok." He said gravely.

"Cheer up man, we're gonna have tons of fun, and pick up loads of chicks." JFK said putting on a pair of Wayfarer sunglasses.

"Eh I'm married."

Kennedy laughed and looked at Barrack confused.

"So am I."



