You may never have had the opportunity to realize, but wolves always turn tail and flee when the sun rises. It’s a little known fact, rarely studied, never appreciated. Wolves are naturally skittish to begin with, so it’s hardly a surprise. Even if you were to witness it with your own eyes, you would find little in the phenomenon to be remarkable. You would shrug, and then continue about with your day.

It would be different if you knew about the legend of Huli the Wolf Spirit.

Huli attained immortality the old-fashioned way – he honed his mind and his tongue, and after countless generations of perseverance in the sacred mountains of Lishan, he ascended beyond the realm of mortality. That achievement was no small feat. Huli was strong and tenacious, but he would not have overcome every predator with brawn alone. Some enemies he outsmarted, others he out-talked with the most intricate of lies, and for the rest, he turned them against each other with the tapestries of untruths he wove. If you had reckoned that he was the sharpest, most cunning being to tread the mountains of Lishan, you would likely be right.

And Huli, afloat in a sea of his own hubris, picked a fight he could not hope to win. Out of all the deities in the endless pantheon, Huli chose to make Taiyang his opponent. Taiyang, the Sun God, was not a self-made immortal. Taiyang was one of the Old Ones, the Ones Who Came Before. Taiyang was already hard at work nourishing the earth with his magic when Huli was but a dream in his grandfather’s grandfather’s sleep.

Taiyang's punishment was swift and merciless. Taiyang encased the wily wolf in a block of molten sunstone, then cast the arrogant immortal down a disused well at the base of an undistinguished hill. Huli howled such notes of pain and regret, but Taiyang’s heart was unmoved. Taiyang pointed a finger of flame at Huli, and spoke the words which sealed his sentence.

*You will only be free when you have finally learned the repercussions of your words.*

Huli spent the next thousand years stewing in a pit of despair. He had no need for food or water, for his flesh renewed itself whenever decay advanced, and thus his mortal needs were few and far between. Instead, Huli’s anguish came from the fact that there was little he could expend his great intellect on. He could speak with himself, and at one point even divined split personalities to amuse himself with, but at his core Huli ached with the desire to condescend again once more. There was little besides himself in the well to overwhelm, and Huli’s pride itched to reassert itself again. And every moment that Huli spent straying further from redemption, the sunstone would only grow stronger.

There eventually came the day that a human voice drifted down the well. Huli pricked his ears, and perceived that the humans had eventually progressed beyond their nomadic hunter lifestyles. Settlers had evidently expended their domains around the mountains of Lishan, reaching even the remote hill at which he was imprisoned. Huli’s maw salivated with the anticipation of challenge – at last, there was a being of sentience over which he could once again proclaim his superiority. 

*Taiyang may have chained my limbs,* he thought, *but my mind roams free.*

The disappointment settled quickly, like a fog during the rainy seasons, once Huli identified the intruder. It was a girl, barely ten, who had heard his disconsolate whimpers and had come to investigate. There was little point in outsmarting one who amounted to a mound of self-aware mud, and so Huli sighed and put aside his aspirations of amusing himself. Yet, Huli was also not one to pass up an opportunity when it presented itself. The girl was not useless. She was young, unschooled, innocent, naïve – all the things which Huli detested – but at least the girl was free.

Establishing a friendship was easy enough. Huli fostered a rapport and confidence with the girl in little time. Shuijing was her name, and she came to be his constant companion. At times she offered him the sweet pears which bulged like bosoms from the trees, and at others she dropped field mice down the well when Huli fancied a crunchy distraction. Mostly, though, Shuijing spent her time talking, laughing, crying with Huli, bringing to him fascinatingly mundane stories about the world outside the well. Huli had seen so much more before, but trapped in that gloomy prison, those stories were rays of sunlight for him.

For the first time in centuries, Huli began to carve out space in his heart for someone other than himself.

But there was no immediate happy resolution for Huli, for deep in his muscular body lurked his prideful and obstinate character – it had been beaten, but not defeated. The waters which bloomed the seed of rebellion in him was a single line which Shuijing spoke, almost carelessly, one hazy winter day – *Mother does not let me climb the mountains to see the sunrise. I wonder what that looks like.* 

There was no doubt at all in Huli’s heart that he could embolden the little girl. The challenge seemed to sprout from nowhere, but immediately it became a noxious weed, spreading across his consciousness unchecked. Would that not be the ultimate test of his abilities? Would that not prove that Huli, emasculated in his most undignified of prisons, still had the charm, the verve, the *aptitude* to remake the world in his own vision with nothing but his powers of persuasion?

The corruption of Shuijing took no time at all. Huli pointed out to her that she was old enough to make her own decisions. Huli explained, in great detail, how her mother was worrying far too much. Huli painted, in crystal vividness, the beauty which awaited Shuijing at the top of the mountains of Lishan. At least in that there was some truth – Taiyang was a beguiling deity like no other, and the way he painted the mountaintops with his brushstrokes of liquid fire was one of the natural wonders of the world. Shuijing listened, with rapt, undivided attention, nodding and laughing every time one of the chains of discipline which bound her snapped.

One morning, Huli woke and immediately grasped the reason for the adrenaline coursing through his veins.

Huli was free.

The sunstone lay in shambles about his hind paws. He had pried and chipped away at the sunstone over the years, making little headway, but now his restraints crumbled like fine powder. Huli raised his head to the skies, let loose a howl which lasted a full minute, then bound out of the well, pouncing so hard against the walls that the hill shook. At the top, Huli collapsed on the ground, then breathed in the irreplaceably sweet taste of freedom.

Done with his celebrations, Huli sprinted for the nearest village. He had so many things to say to Shuijing, his constant companion, the one confidante who had kept him sane this last leg of his journey. He would nuzzle her, he had decided, though it was not fully aligned with the image he had so painstakingly cultivated. But it was a fair reward, to be comforted by a furry deity. It was the least he could do for Shuijing, who had given so much of her time for so little in return. And when he was done, he would bring her to taste the sweet meats which roamed the mountains of Lishan. Then they would drink from the crystal waters of –

Huli ground to a halt. The villagers had gathered at the entrance to the village, and the distress they exhibited was unmistakable. They encircled a middle-aged lady, who was herself on her knees, cradling a still and unmoving figure in her arms. She wailed uncontrollably, just as Huli had all those years ago, though it was hard to tell whose loss was more keenly felt.

It was Shuijing, of course.

Shuijing who, against the warning of her elders, had stolen away before day broke and made her way up the mountains of Lishan. Shuijing who, inexperienced and untested, had stumbled where the crossings were the most treacherous. Shuijing who, wholly mortal, had crumbled and broken as gravity claimed its prize.

Huli snapped his head up, and was just in time to see Shuijing’s spirit departing. She was laughing, as cheerful as always, for she was hand in hand with Taiyang. They were making their way to the great beyond, and Taiyang himself had descended to make the journey easier for her. As they faded into the distance, Taiyang turned, found his audience of one, then spoke the last words he would ever exchange with Huli the Wolf Spirit. 

*You will only be free when you have finally learned the repercussions of your words.*

And that is why when the sun rises, when the golden rays stretch themselves across the boundless lands, no matter how agitated a wolf is, how preoccupied, how distracted, the wolf will still freeze, droop its head, then turn and scurry away. It seems that even after all these years, there are some wounds that time cannot heal, some lessons that age cannot dull.

Free, and yet ultimately not free.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny
