"I hate being human! Why can't I be a plant!?" 

"Because you're human," I said. 

"No, I'm not. I got these chlorophyll metabolic-replacement therapy pills. I've been taking them for weeks. Look, my skin's getting all splotchy green." 

"You should probably see a doctor. Or find a pot to go stand in cuz...you're gonna need those Miracle Gro minerals now. Can't photosynthesize without em." 

"So you think it'll happen? You think I'll become a real plant? Oh, I hope it's a flowering plant. Flowers are so pretty." 

"Flowers are genitals. When you stick your nose in a flower you're sticking your nose in a plant's reproductive parts. Pollen is sperm. You don't have allergies, do you?" 

He sneezed. "God, why do you have to ruin everything? Why can't a person dream?" 

"You should seriously go to the doctor. Like now. Because those green splotches look infected. Where did you get these pills?" 

"Off the internet." 

I sighed. 

"I haven't been eating either. That's part of the therapy. I just make sure to drink lots of water. Do you think my arms look like branches yet?" 

"They look like sticks, yes. You probably need some medical care." And a visit to a psychologist, but I didn't say that aloud. "Plus, plants *do* eat. They eat minerals and decomposing organic matter. All plants have to eat. Ever seen a venus flytrap?" 

"Yeah." 

"Bingo. Venus flytraps live in bogs or other soils that are nutrient deficient so they need to obtain their nutrients in other ways.  By the way, you haven't been breathing carbon dioxide yet, have you?" 

"Practicing." He grinned. "I just put a plastic bag over my head."

Oh Christ, I thought. He's not safe by himself. 

"Oh, I can't wait to become a plant! I'm gonna feel the nice, moist, cool soil in between my toes, and smell beautiful like a gardenia, and sway in the wind like tuft grass, and have the strength—the *power*—of an oak." 

"You'll grow like an oak too." I slowly manuevered my friend towards the door, down the steps, outside. "You know how trees grow? They don't grow up, like everybody thinks. They grow from the tips or, as in the case of their trunks and lower branches, they grow out. Think of a tree like it's an expanding mass." 

"Like the blob?" 

"Yeah, like the blob." 

He made a disgusted face. 

"You know something else about plants?" I said, as I shut the door and got in the other side and had to buckle his seatbelt for him. 

"What?" 

I put the car in drive, routed my GPS for the emergency room. "They don't feel or smell anything. They're not even *conscious* of anything. Because they don't have to be in order to live." 

&#x200B;