My God.

This changes everything.

I've been reading the final results of the experimental simulations for nearly an hour, and each results appears to be the same.  A successful method of teleportation, almost entirely negating the need for faster than life travel.  Wormholes that can be produced almost anywhere, to anywhere, by anyone.  

Or so it would seem.

I can hear him moving about across the room, head probably bobbing, randomly pecking the floor.  His legs clink on the metal below him, most of his body long replaced by artificial equivalents.

The red eye jerks around, never focusing.  

Is it too late?

It must be.

I haven't left this room for awhile, hunched over, performing simple tasks and calculations.  

I live the life of a fraud, and like most frauds, in constant fear of exposure.  On a remote orbital platform, I receive nearly limitless funding and resources, and have overseen the greatest construction project humanity has ever embarked upon.

A grand vision, of a grand future.

Not my own, of course.  But of my pet chicken.  

Now I am trapped.

Life is a funny thing.  You'll often find yourself nowhere near where you expected to go.  From farm boy to genius, to savior of humanity.

Or so I thought.

He moves past me, and I almost want to strike him, but it would be of no use.  It's more metal than chicken now.

The portals will soon activate, and they'll come by the trillions, pouring from the darkest reaches of space and flooding our solar system.

I want to ask him why, first.  

Why would he do this?  

Why, after all this time?

He must sense my discomfort, must know I would eventually uncover his true intentions.   But perhaps, it was counted on upon the start, factored in just like the millions of other variables he seems to have innately predicted.

I finally manage it, putting down the results.

"Why?"

He stops wandering aimlessly, and stands before me.

"Bok," he says in response.  "Bok, Bawk, bok bok bok Bu-kawk."

That son of a bitch.

"You knew?  You knew this whole time?"

"Bok."

"What do you mean by that?"

"Bok.  Bok bok bok."

So it's true.

He's not from Earth.

The portals will link to his home world, and his people will be upon us, swarming and clucking and devouring our corn and berries until there will be nothing left us.  To free their fellow brethren, held in bondage and consumed by a species with an endless and ever expanding appetite.

"Bok, bok bok bok."

"It's not too late.  You can stop this."

He turns and dramatically clucks his way to the window, looking into the vastness of space.

"Bok."

"Fuck your duty, we don't have to let this happen."

"Bu-kawk, buk bok buk buk bu-KAWK!  Buk bok bok bok buk buk bok Bu-KAWK CLUCK BOK BOK BUK BUK BOK BUK BOK BU-KAWK BU-KAWK!"

Such passion.  His way with words can easily bring a man to tears.

"It doesn't have to be us or them!  We can coexist!  We can live together in harmony!"

I plead, for my species.  For every person that walks or floats or exists in this system.

"Bok."

"What do you mean it's already done?"

"Buk Bu-kawk buk buk bok bok buk bok."

I see them now, a vast armada, beautiful and terrifying to behold.  Soon they'll be upon Earth, consuming everything and everyone they come across.

I weep, for they dance among the stars.

On my knees, I hear the sirens of the station blare outwards and a flurry of activity outside.

A wing gently caresses my back, and he moves close now.

I reach to him, and feel first the bits of metal, but then his true remains, his feathers and body.  He comes forward, and I pick him up, placing him on the table next to me.

"Bok."

He's right.

I give him a hug, and watch from the window as one of their ships makes a close pass.  Great and white, oval and pure.  

Nothing could stop them, it seems.

They've come for us all.

Their flagship, enormous enough to be visible in the darkness of space, moves forward to Earth.

In the shape of a chicken, it launches billions of smaller drones of similar shape.

"Are you going to return to your own kind?  Are you going to leave me behind?"

I turn to him, and his head cocks to the side, pondering.  The red eye enlarging and closing.

"Bok."

I am glad.

I am glad he will remain with me, at the end of all things.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato