[first day before wtf]

I'm walking through the streets. The streets are empty. There's snow falling slowly and some old guy is rummaging through the trash. I know the guy - Bob - and he waves to me. I walk over.
"Hey man, how's it. I haven't seen you 'round here in a long time, you old sucker. Man what's going on?"
"Oh. Nuthin'. Just lookin', y'know, ha-hup!"
"Good day my man, good day." I pat him on the back and slip a dollar in his hand.
"Say hi to the old lady," he calls, and I'm already walking away.
I feel bad for the old guy, but I can't do much myself. We have a spare bedroom and I've let him stay there before but I get the idea he almost prefers the snow. Also (and I think this gets to him) I don't allow heroin in the house anymore. I walk home.
...
I wake up in the morning next to my wife. I get up and get in the shower. The shower tiles are still yellow. I get out of the shower and shave. Ow. Nicked myself again. I slip into a shirt and pants and go downstairs and slip out the door. 
I get to the cafe and open my laptop. I immediately start looking for jobs. I'm not particularly interested in applying to any of the dishwashing jobs, but that's about all there is. I write out a few applications to them and also to some dude doing construction. Then I open a page for news.
Headline: "King Donald prepares for son's wedding ceremony." "Satirical website "It's Canon!" prints apology for racially charged humor." "NYCU Students Protest Staff Wage Increase." "Jupiter has 64 moons and a serious werewolf problem."

Well, I thought it was news. I open the last article. 

"By Jove, Jupiter, and Zeus, watch out for the fullest moon.
Thy will be taken in the name of prophecy soon.
Watch out, watch out, watch out for the moon.
Zeus' thunder claps out twelve hours from noon."

I sigh and close my laptop. I leave the cafe and walk to the park. It's fairly cold but I know if I walk, I'll heat up. I get to Central and look at the ducks for a bit. I think about "Catcher in the Rye" and go home.
...
It's nighttime again. I walk outside to have a smoke and try to find some wifi. It's fucking goddamn cold out and I wear a few layers. 
As soon as I walk out an old man with silver in his eyes approaches me pretty fast. I mean seriously, his eyes are fucking shiny. He pulls out a blade, handle pointed toward me, and grunts. I'm kind of freaked out but I don't know what to do. He keeps pushing the handle toward me and grunting.
"Hey man, I don't know what you're on..." I begin, but he just pushes the handle at my chest.
"Take this. Tonight is a danger."
I put my hands up in the air and walk back. My backpack feels heavy and I wonder if I'm going to have to try to hit the guy.
"Take this," he says, "or perish." He lets go of the knife. It clatters on the ground and he, like... melds away into the night. I mean he's there one second and the next he backs away against a brick wall and then he's just gone. I reach out where he was but my hands just hit the wall and I'm left watching the clouds of breath that I'm exhaling pretty quickly now. I cough a little bit and pick up the knife. It's a dull metal color.
...
I don't know what to do, but I decide to keep the knife. So I'm kind of shaking a little bit now, but I'm a lot farther away from home than I am from the cafe I was going to, so I stick the knife in my pack and I start running. I run all the way to that cafe and get toward the door.
Before I can open it, though, the old man with the silver eyes looks at me.
"Hey man, I don't know who you are, but you can have your knife back," and I get my backpack off my shoulders for it. "I don't want it, at least," but I'm huffing and puffing and think about maybe just holding onto it until the guy leaves.
"Take this too," he says. "Sorry, I almost forgot," and then he throws something else on the ground and backs away again. This time he's making noises like "ooh, ooh, ooooooh," and he vanishes again. I'm just at a loss for words at this point. But I pick up what he threw down. It's a brass eyepiece.
It looks pretty old. I feel like I kinda know what to do with it. I'm standing under an oak tree so I walk away to my right a bit and get a good glimpse of the stars. I don't know why this is the first thing I decide to do, but I lift the piece to my left eye.
And holy shit, that's when I saw them. They were coming out of the sky.
No joke, I swear to God, there were a bunch of wolfmen just floating down from space, man, like whatever the fuck they were doing up there in the first place I don't know. This eyepiece has some good range I guess, because I take it away from my eye and look up and I can't see anything. But whenever I stick it up to my eye it just kinda follows the things from way off.... I don't know what the fuck is going on. But I run.
...
I don't know what to do. I just keep running. Eventually I'm headed home, but I'm not the best runner and I have to keep stopping for breath. Each time I do I look through the eyeglass and the things look bigger, meaner, hairier. Eventually some of the closer ones light on fire. I don't know what the fuck's going on.
...
I'm almost home now. I look up and I see Bob. I've figured at this point that that guy with the weird eyes probably gave me the knife for a reason. And I'm guessing Bob doesn't have access to an eyeglass like this one. I don't even have to look through it now, though, to see - there are clearly a bunch of little flames descending all around very quickly. Other people are walking out and I hear some yells. I don't know exactly what's going on, but I get the feeling I have a better idea than everybody else.
So I decide, at the last second, to walk toward Bob. I walk right up behind him and I tap him on the shoulder.
"Bob, Bob," I breathe the name heavily. Bob is breathing heavily too, almost at a pant.
And that's when I realize - the fur become apparent, the claws stretching out from underneath Bob's old black trenchcoat, the snout in the darkness - it isn't Bob. Or if it is, something's very different.
I've had the knife in my hand now most of the way home, and my fist is white around it.
I grip the knife harder.