My dad always seemed more tired than PJ's dad.  PJ's dad would chase us around the house and we would laugh and scream.  Some of my happiest moment in my childhood were the many long hours at his house.  He treated me like his own son.  I truly believed he loved me.  

I wept at his funeral.

I don't think my own dad hated me, but I know he didn't love me.  And I didn't love him.  When I had heard that he had died, it didn't matter.  It was like reading an obituary in the paper of someone you had met a very long time ago, but weren't connected to. I wasn't glad he was dead. I just didn't care.

Looking back on it now, all these years later, PJ's dad was as close to a father as I had ever had.  Certainly he was more of a father to me than my old man ever was.

I remember distinctly the day my own dad walked out. I can't recall what caught my attention to that moment.  It was as if something was about to happen and the world took a deep breath to wait on it. He looked at mom first with, what I recognize now as, contempt.  Maybe even loathing.  She was much younger than he was.  She was the right age to be a mom.  She didn't even look up when he spoke.  She didn't care anymore.  He looked from her to me.  There was nothing in his eyes for me, not even loathing...no contempt...just...nothing.  He hadn't physically left me yet, but his heart was long since gone.

"I'm going to go get some milk."  The words fell from his mouth and died in the room without a response.  No echo.  When the words were gone, he was gone. The room didn't seem any emptier without him there.  Life without him wasn't any emptier either.

I had kicked the thought of him around in my head many, many times over the years. But it was more curious than yearning, more reflective than melancholic.  It seemed obvious to me now what had happened. 

He was past the age of being attractive and too young to be comfortable with it.  He hit midlife and was looking for something that would make him believe he was young again.  Along came my mom, almost 20 years his junior, full of everything that he thought that he had lost.  She wrapped her body around him and, for a moment, he was young again himself. 

Things went all to hell the second she told him he was pregnant.  

He tried to pretend that things were OK.  He tried to pretend that he could be a husband and a father.  But pretenses only last so long. I was about 5 or 6 when he walked out and I never missed him.

And now, here he is again. We are living the exact same moment. It's the same old man.  Same loathing look at the same apathetic mom.  Same dead voice.  Same feeling. Standing in the same spot...saying the same things.

Except, this time, it's me.  I'm the too-old-dad.  I'm the one who was trapped by a conniving bitch into a life I never wanted.  I'm staring down at the same kid I used to be.  The same kid who would be happier with his friend's pseudo dad than he would ever be with me.

"I'm going to get some milk."