As the cold wind tickled by I stood at the top of the building soaking in the stars, those big bright balls of fire. I could feel the warm aura of peace wash over me.
No, wait…that’s the fire.

I opened my eyes annoyed, there were no stars, just the flames that burned the city.

It is so easy to get lost in memories when you are as old as me, and some memories you want to lose and throw away.

And those pesky ones stick. Well, I might as well get a recap, considering how I am not going to get that recap when I die. Immortality has its own issues. And power too. Actually they are the ones that lead me here.

It’s all a classic case of he wanted, she wanted.

Father wanted to rule the Earth (such low ambitions, I know!), but the weakling he was, he decided to pray. And the Orexes delighted to have their egos stroked, granted him his wish. They were senile, but not that stupid. They knew the old prophecies that foretold my coming, and giving up a measly planet to get me was a better bargain than they could have hoped for.

Now, my mother was a little smarter and ambitious, so she decided to please the dark gods to get her own army. She “prayed” with all of them, until one night, one of them lost in his senses gave her his everything (thinking with his tentacles!) but before she could jump, his blood rushed back. He asked for a price he thought a woman couldn’t pay, but he obviously didn’t know mother. She left accomplished, with having given up nothing of worth.

 Well, she didn’t know the prophecies so that’s what she thought.

Anyways fast forward a few years, they met at a drinking black hole and they “prayed” together. Next day, mother woke up with a hangover and growing belly. I came out 9 days later and explained her everything.

Before I was even halfway done, the Orexes came. Defeating them was easy, considering how I am the prophesised ruler of the millennium. Next I went to the cave where I knew I would find the dark soul who had claimed me before I was born. Killing him felt like mercy, he was so far gone in his crystal addiction.

And then I knew, I had to begin building my empire. Mother decided to work under me, giving me her army, which had grown considerably now.

There is nothing much worth remembering after that, except for the day Father called me, asking me to call him Dad. I was so enraged, killing him wasn’t even that fun. And also, the day Mother died. She had been a good companion and knew that she couldn't defeat me, so she even stayed loyal.

And now today, the last city burned, and all the universes call me their King.


