‘There are three things all wise men fear’ he said, ‘the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man. I think all here would agree that I am a gentle man, but you are testing my patience now, child. If you are who you say you are, you know what slander is the accusation you are making.’

Taryn cast her eyes down as these words fell from the aelderman’s lips. Her spear-holding hand dropped from upright to languorous and the pointed bronze tip traced a bolt-straight line in the dusty hall floor as she stepped towards him. 

‘Perhaps you are right, Aelder Llewel.’ Then a pause. Taryn’s pupils glance up quickly to meet his, then fall back once more and she continues to cross the room towards the old man. The villagers hem the two in a circle like a dog and a stag in a clearing edged by hunters’ nets.

‘I have been travelling so long, sir. Forgive a weary traveller. And forgive me again if what I’m about to say upsets you, but I remember my last night here was a moonless one.’

The close packed villagers can be seen to bristle. The memory forms physical ripples through the crowd. 

‘And that night could not have brought more fear, my child.’ The aelderman steps forward as he talks and raises his hands out low from his sides. ‘We remember the night you and the other young ones were taken every year on the night where there is no moon and the days are shortest. And we beg the gods have mercy on us and our other children.’ He was nearly shouting now. ‘What happened to you was the greatest evil this village has ever suffered, but we must put it to bed if we wish to live in the present, here, among the living, rather than continually mourn with you and our dead.’

Now he was shouting. A speck of saliva grazed Taryn’s girded dress. The villagers looked away to deny the sight of the aelder angry. Taryn took another step. The two were mere yards apart now.

‘With respect, aelder, the reason we might fear a moonless night is because we cannot see. But there is another reason why we could not see that night, Llewel. There were no fires. The raiders always brought fire before. Their lord Virrik called for it. Fire to burn our houses when they slaughtered us and stripped us and took what little we had. But that night there were no fires. No slaughter and no robbery.’

‘THEY STOLE OUR CHILDREN. WHAT MATTER IS THERE IF THERE WAS FIRE OR NOT?’ One of the village men broke into loud sobs at this point. His wife draped her arms around to comfort him but he batted her away and for a long time only his mad sobs broke the silence in the hall.

‘It was not robbery,’ Taryn continues ‘it was sale. You sold us. Your own children. All of you, all of your children. There may not have been light, aelder,’ she hissed the word out ‘but I could hear you talking to him, telling him about how soundly the village slept when you had been the one to fill the mixing bowl.’

‘THIS IS PREPOSTEROUS.’

‘They left you the crops, is that it? And whatever small treasures you had? Maybe they swore they wouldn’t come again? And you believed them?’

The aelderman took a breath, then, firmly ‘I will talk to this girl alone now’. The villagers were driven out by the aelderman’s two main men, who then came to stand behind him while the villagers lingered outside the hall in anticipation and torpor. 

Aelder Llewel spoke to her quietly now, for fear, justified fear, that the village might still be listening.

‘I did what was best for the village. We could not survive another raid. If they had burnt our granary again we would all be dead. You of all people should understand a person’s instinct to survive.’ And with that he gave a nod to his men that could only mean one thing, and walked past Taryn to the stand under the great hall’s doorway, turning to watch his men at work.

As Taryn crossed the floor towards the aelderman’s first man and with a swift two-handed thrust of her spear pierced his neck, his jugular, before he could even draw his sword, she could have told him about the other, the many other moonless nights over many years, which she had spent in misery and slavery and Lord Virrik’s bed, when she could only talk to the other stolen children through whispers and glances and coded messages through passed objects. 

Then Taryn wrenched back her spear from the corpse she had made, and lunged with it, piercing the second man’s leg through, pinning him to the floor as he fell. A visceral yelp of pain echoed in the chamber and as Taryn circled the pinned man, who though fading fast was jabbing at the air with his sword, she could have told him about the storm at sea that had killed most of her crew of stolen siblings, after she had slit Lord Virrik’s throat while he slept and commandeered the very ship that once stole them.

At last she found the right time to dive upon the man, lithe and strong from years of frenzied practice for this day, and she wrestled the sword from his man and with one swift move took his head from his shoulders.

She took sword and spear with her as she ran from the hall, in pursuit of the aelderman, who found himself once again ringed in by villagers, angry now, baying for blood to expiate the blood of their sons and daughters. Her spear thrust up under his ribs and found his lungs and heart, and as his soul fled his useless body she thought his saying had been wrong. Fear the storm at sea, and the moonless night, yes. But though she was neither gentle nor a man, he would have done well to fear her the more.

Edit: typos
