The temple doors swung open to reveal the one thing I hadn't been expecting to see.

I turned to the Curator. Although she looked older than the crumbling temple itself, surely it wasn't only her job to...

"Excuse me," I said, trying as hard as possible to keep my voice even, "Does the Great Hall always look like this?"

In front of us should have been a proud collection of the finest weapons men and gods had ever forged. I had come expecting marble plinths, golden frescoes, and a real sense of power. Instead I faced a bureaucrat's nightmare. Every legendary sword - every fabled weapon - was forming a jumbled mountain of unsorted weaponry.

The Curator hesitated, as if embarrassed. "Well, you see, we, err, we get so much coming in that I just don't know what to do with them all, and before I know it they just start..."

"Piling up?" I offered.

That got a dry chuckle out of her. "Young man, every hero has come here in the past and every last one of them had to deal with the same thing! If Samson could climb halfway up just to find a jawbone I'm sure you'll do just fine". With that, she turned and left me alone in the Great Hall, footsteps echoing until I could hear nothing but my own thoughts.

I turned towards the tower of weapons then. Doing as I had been taught, I closed my eyes and began to focus on the task at hand. The Curator said that each weapon has a voice, and although many may reach out to help, there will only be one that will earn me the title of Hero. As I stood there, waves upon waves of whispers began to float across the room. I began to pick out individual voices.

"Have the dragons returned? Take me and bring your people salvation".

"Is the Ragnarök come? Now is your hour of need, and I am here to serve".

"The people crave a champion, and only I can deliver them one".

"The end days are coming, boy. You need me to drive the demons away".

I shivered as dozens of voices seemed to surround me. How could I pick just one when they all said they were the only ones that could save my people? I squeezed my eyes tight shut and tried to block them all out. If only I had a moment to think...

One by one, the voices began to die down, leaving me in a quieter and quieter Great Hall. After hours I had my silence, but I had come no closer to finding my fated weapon. Did this mean I had failed to become a Hero?

"Isn't that much better? I hate it when it gets too loud in here. No way to make myself heard".

Was that *my own voice* I was hearing from somewhere in the pile? A shiver ran through me. This was what it meant to be chosen. I could feel it.

"Where are you?" I asked, voice cracking. I'd stood still without speaking for so long it had gotten dark in the Great Hall.

"Around the other side of this heap, near the bottom," my own voice called back. Suppressing the queasy feeling hearing myself talk, I moved around the edge of the room, trying not to get cut on spearheads or battle-axes. As I reached the back side of the mountain, I could spot my fated weapon easily. It had begun wriggling out of the mess of weapons to get to me sooner. 

A huge sword - a proper two hander with a dark metal scabbard. I picked it up and *knew* by the way the hilt fit perfectly to my hands that I had made the right choice.

"Hello," my own voice said. "Would you like to destroy some evil today?"