Not many people see social insignificance as a virtue. I do, and for one reason: popularity would make it a lot harder to hide the fact that I can't die.

See, if I'd been born an emperor, or even some local business owner, then sooner or later someone would realize that I never seemed to get any older. Eventually word would spread and I'd be executed as some sort of witch or demon. Fortunately, I've been a nobody my whole life, living in the shadows of civilization.

That said, it's a miracle I met her.

Some Spartan visitor was giving her a rough time in the marketplace. From her dirty rags and skin, I figured she was just another helpless, homeless Athenian girl, and I was just about to step in when she unsheathed an oddly-shaped dagger; its blade was distinctly one-sided, very uncommon for the time and place in which she was.

The man threw up his arms, backed up, and turned and walked briskly away.

She turned. Our eyes met, and hers widened beneath her dark hood, almost as though she was shocked to see me. As if she... *knew* me.

No one knows me. All the people around me are replaced at least every hundred years. Sometimes I think I see a familiar face, but for anyone else to recognize *me*? It was unheard of. But there was no mistaking that reaction in those deep, dark eyes.

"Hello, Anu." She knew my name—my real name. The one my Sumerian parents had given me almost two thousand years prior. 

We couldn't speak here. Igrabbed her arm and pulled her along behind me. She was surprisingly compliant, and soon she followed willingly behind without the need for restraint.

We surrendered into a deserted alley and as soon as I knew we were alone, I opened my mouth to speak. But she placed a finger to my lips.

"I'll tell you as much as I can. Anything more, and I'll cause unbreakable harm to the fabric of reality. Any less... and you won't believe me."

I could only nod. 'She must be nuts,' I thought. 'But then, how does she know me? We've never met.'

"We haven't met yet," she said, as if reading my mind. "But we will. It isn't going to be soon."

She pulled down her hood. Her black eyes, even in the limited daylight of the alley, glittered and shone. Her hair was... bright orange! Clearly this was no Athenian—probably not even from this side of the continent. I'd heard stories of flame-haired warriors to the north-west; perhaps she was one of them.

"I promise, you'll eventually receive answers to all the questions with which you are certainly filled. But for now, I need you to trust me."

A scoff escaped me, and was replaced with newfound confidence. "Why should I, strange woman?"

She grabbed my hand. It wasn't and urgent gesture, like her words, nor was it hostile. Her touch was gentle and sincere. It almost felt familiar in a way, as if she knew how I liked to be held before I did.

"Because you're going to eventually." 

Her hand recoiled. She looked like she'd only just realized where she was and what she was doing.

"I must go. Any longer and I put us both at risk. Take this." She thrust a hand into her pocket, and it emerged holding a bronze chain with a shimmering, sky-blue emerald attached—a necklace.

"Keep this with you at all times. You will need it when you meet me again. Goodbye, Anu." 

"Wait!"

She turned.

"At least tell me your name. Please? So we're even?"

Her expression seemed torn, like she wanted to tell me but wasn't sure of the consequences. Finally, she spoke:

"Arabel. My name is Arabel. Goodbye, Anu."

And then she was gone.

Greece went on to spread across the known world. It soon collapsed, and was swallowed up by Rome. When that happened, I was recruited as a legionnaire, and my first mission was to colonize a distant Roman-colonized land my superiors called "Britannia." All the while, I'd kept the necklace and my thoughts of Arabel with me.

I'd almost forgotten what she looked like until I saw her one day. Not just in my memories; I literally saw her. She was once again being harassed by a brute, this time one of my fellow soldiers. I scurried over and shooed him away.

"Arabel."


She gazed up at me. She looked... younger somehow, despite the centuries that had passed since our first meeting. 

"Wh-who are you?" she asked, in Latin this time rather than Greek. "How do you know me?"

"What?" I said. "We met. In Athens. You don't remember?"

I must've looked crazy, because it showed in her reaction. "Sir, I've never even been to Londinium, let alone Greece." 

It was as if our roles had been swapped. Now *I* was the one in the know. I needed to guide her, help her understand. In doing so, I might come to understand things myself.

I pulled out the necklace and handed it to her. As soon as the metal touched her skin, the emerald cracked in half and opened to reveal a hidden compartment. 

Inside was a tiny drawing—a very realistic drawing done in black and white. She was in it, swearing bizarre, tight clothing and an emotionless expression. She seemed older, even more so than when I first met her. And next to her was... me. 

We looked at each other. Clearly neither of us remembered this, meaning it could only be something yet to occur.

The removed the minuscule image and turned it over. On its back was an inscription: 

"Final day with Anu, Paris, 1885."

Arabel looked up from the words. She studied my face for a while... and then smiled. 

"I look forward to Paris, Mr. Anu." 
