You wouldn't believe how many hookers want to kill the president. 

But to tell you that I gotta tell you this. Yours truly’s a weird kind of deutan-type colorblind, and the funny thing about people like me—and this is true, just Google it—is that camouflage can’t fool our eyes. Even the pixellated kind. The shading doesn't blur the outlines. Snipers just…render. And not in a monochromatic way, either. Since you see too much red and not enough green, a guy in, say, a ghillie suit stands out like the cover of Dark Side of the Moon. It’s trippy, man. Especially when combined with psychoactives.

Deuteranopia's common to like 8% of the male population of the US, but there aren’t very many with my flavor. Some eye doctor estimated one in 1.2 million. Which is how I got my job with the Secret Service.

It’s a specialty. They send me in with the advance teams to ensure nobody’s hanging out in, whatever, an invisibility cloak intending to drill the Man through his royal thorax. And I get a certain amount of…leniency in my behavior 

So get this. POTUS wanted to attend an unspecified global summit meeting. “You’re going to Paris,” my supervisor tells me. “Specifically the Louvre.” And so it came to pass that a dozen agents and I flew out to scope out the route, clear the nearby buildings, do a walk-through of the museum itself, and so forth. 

It was a lot of work in not much time, but there was no way I was gonna miss the chance to check out the art. I mean, it’s arguably the best collection in the world. Screw in my AirPods, kick on Ziggy Stardust, maybe down one of those 10 mg Altoid-looking breathmints or two…

Now: here’s where the weirdness leaks in. POTUS gets a lot of shit for his policies and the way he treats women and such, but I figure he’s just one more corrupt goatse mofo in a whole world of corrupt goatse mofos. You respect the office, not the man.

That said, let’s not forget that he’s the one who appointed [INDIVIDUAL #2] as Attorney General. And having been responsible for [INDIVIDUAL #2]’s safety as well as POTUS’s, I can tell you that [INDIVIDUAL #2] is even a bigger stone-age fundamentalist prick in person than he plays on TV. You think rescinding the Cole Memo was bad? Brother, you don’t know the half of it. Swear, [INDIVIDUAL #2] wants anybody who’s ever eaten so much as an aspirin to be held down and castrated with one of those little grapefruit sporks.

Like, my best friend from college, Misha, got shit-canned from a job after he failed a piss test and eventually had to either sling or go homeless. He got busted coming up out of TJ with Mexican brick—which, I can’t even imagine why that made sense, but I’m guessing money was involved—and got what was basically a life sentence in federal for bringing a plant you can legally grow in San Ysidro…into San Ysidro.

So fuck the Attorney General. How many lives has this bastard ruined like he ruined Misha’s? I’ve always sworn I’d let him get shot if the opportunity presented itself. And as it turned out, he was gonna accompany POTUS on this trip.

Anyway, I’m chilling out in the wing where they house the Mona Lisa, wandering the parquet flooring and checking out the shit nobody else can see, and I finally get to her. That’s when it catches my eye.

You know how Mona’s smile curls up and to her left? If you follow the line past her hair and into the treeline, there’s a reverse Ishihara plate. 

An Ishihara plate’s one of those little circles with a bunch of different-colored dots that supposedly contain numbers, and only people with normal color vision can see them. You've probably seen them. But I’m guessing you don’t know that there are Ishiharas only deutans can see, reverse ones, and furthermore, there are *reverse* reverse Ishiharas that—like snipers in camouflage—only people like ME can see.

This particular reverse Ishihara says nothing about snipers. Instead, it says in tiny letters: “KILL [INDIVIDUAL #2]. COLGATE GRANULAR POLONIUM-210 [GPS COORDINATES.] 

I should remind you that I’m first and foremost a public servant.

So I broke out my phone and plugged in the coordinates. The park bench at that location did indeed have an object wrapped in lead foil under it, an object that was clearly a travel-size toothpaste. Getting it into [INDIVIDUAL #2]’s room wasn’t difficult for a guy with my credentials, and three weeks later he was pushing up the indica.

But the thing is, now I’m seeing reverse Ishiharas everywhere. I haven’t committed any more murders for the betterment of society—[INDIVIDUAL #2] was one thing, but you gotta draw the line somewhere—but I’ve freed three abducted kids, foiled a terrorist plot to blow up the Gershwin Theatre, and I found a big hoard of Civil War gold buried under a magnolia tree on the grounds of the Atlanta Hare Krishna Temple. 

Plus that thing when POTUS visited the Bunny Ranch on the down-low. Like I said, you wouldn’t believe how many hookers want to kill the president. 

Or maybe you would.