*Societies come and go.*

*I've been around too long to even remember what it meant to be human. 2700 years without need of food, water, or medicine.  It used to mean something, when I was mortal, to give up my material possessions, to fast and self-sacrifice, to devote myself to The Way.  For 40 years, it meant something, but now that I have no need for those things anyways, it's lost its meaning after all this time.  I doubt anyone even remember-*

"Sir, are you alright?" a woman's voice asks, interrupting my thoughts.

"Hmm? Yes, I'm quite alright," I reply, not looking and continuing my walk down the street.

"That limp seems pretty bad, are you sure you are okay?"  She asks again.

"Oh yes, I've had this limp longer than I can remember, but it never stopped me," I remark, still walking.

"I'm a nurse and I work at a free clinic just a few blocks from here, if you want, I can take a look at your leg-"

I stop and turn around to face her finally.  I see a thin, young woman, maybe late 20's, with long black hair and a furrowed but worried brow.  She is wearing purple scrubs with white sneakers, along with an anxious expression.

"I appreciate it, ma'am, but I'll be fine.  You don't need to worry about me, I have everything I'll ever need."  Thinking that would end the conversation, I turn back around and continue walking.

"Do you at least have a place to stay?"

I stop and slowly turn around again.  "Why do you care so much?"  I ask her.

She shies away slightly, answering sheepishly, "Well, you remind me of my father.  He was a war vet and lost his leg in combat.  He was also homeless for a long time too, before meeting my mother and having me."

"I see," I comment, having heard this story before. "Well, I don't need a place to sleep, a street corner is good enough for me."

"You can't sleep outside, the cold bay air will freeze you!" she exclaims.  "Come, let me take you to a homeless shelter where you'll at least be able to stay out of the frigid night temperatures," she says, grabbing my hand and walking me back down the way I came.

That's when I noticed it.  It wasn't apparent at first, but when she grabbed my hand, I could feel it.  "You're shaking pretty bad," I observe.

"Yeah, that's what ALS will do to you," she replies.  A few seconds of stressful silence pass.  "Sorry, I don't know why I told you that,"  she remarks, turning her head to look at me from the corner of her eye.

I give her a soft smile.  "Don't worry about it, I seem to have that effect on people.  Would you like to stop for a moment and talk about it?"  I offer. "It seems like you need to get something off of your chest."

She hesitates, and then leads me to a nearby bench.  We sit in silence together for some time, watching people pass by, getting used to each other's presence. I patiently wait for her to speak.

"I've had ALS for a while now," she begins,  "when I was younger, my mom was working and my dad was the stay-at-home parent, making sure I was being brought up with their values.  Over time, he noticed some weird things were happening to me.  I was having muscle spasms every day, I would shake, and I would tell him about how I felt like I had pins sticking me in my hands and feet.  It's not like it got worse, but it never went away.  My dad, being the super protective, constantly concerned parent that he was, took me to the doctors to figure out what it was.  It took many years and many doctors to figure out that I have ALS, and it made my parents broke.  My dad had to find a job and my mom had to find an extra job just to make ends meet.

Now that my parents are retired, I have to help them pay their bills, pay my own bills, worry about pay raises that aren't meeting the cost of living increases, all with the threat of losing the ability to walk and use my arms that could happen at anytime, looming over my head.  If I start getting worse now, I won't be able to work, and I don't know what I'll do after that.  It's already bad enough with how hard it is to live here in the bay."

The more she spoke, the more frustrated she got, furrowing her brow even further.  "I just don't know what to do," she finishes, dropping her head into her hands.  "Sorry, I don't mean to dump on you, but I haven't been able to talk about any of this stuff," she adds, without looking up.

We sit there in silence for a few more minutes.  I reach around and unhook the thermos that has been slung around my shoulder.  *Still warm, after all this time,* I think to myself.  I open it and start pouring the warm, sweet smelling liquid into a small cup that was in the lid of the thermos.

"Drink this," I suggest, "it'll make you feel better."

She raises her head slightly.  "What is it?"  She asks hesitantly, grabbing and looking down at the cup.

"It's herbal tea," I lie, "Trust me, it really will make you feel better."

She takes a swig of it. Seemingly surprised by its taste, she jerks her head back a little.  "It doesn't taste like tea," she observes.  I take the cup back and put away my thermos.  "Whoa, I do feel a lot better," she says.  She turns to thank me, but I'm already gone.  

*I feel bad for leaving her like that, but it had to be done; I cannot risk my secrets getting public.  I hope she can continue doing good now.* 

*Humph, Laozi is still right, after all this time.  Societies come and go, but the oppressed and downtrodden will always remain.  I suppose as long as they are here, I still have a reason to live.  Maybe The Way hasn't been forgotten, but instead lives on through the kindness and humility of strangers.  Time will tell, and I will be around to see the answer.*