My dog is getting old and sick. My house is probably going to collapse if it rains again. My brother is leaning on me for financial support. And I think I'm getting a cold.

I'm. Stressed.

So when I heard an old lady yelling gibberish in an alleyway, I was very tempted to do some yelling of my own. She sounded loud and rude.

When I turned to face her, she was looking at a wall. The old lady was hunched over with a look of anger and disgust on her face. She was also wearing some pink glasses with cheap-looking rhinestones. I didn't think that the glasses were her size.

"You better stop that right now!" she scolded.

The wall, surprisingly, did not reply to her.

I was going to walk past this scene, but then the old woman began to cough violently. She then collapsed onto the ground.

I wasn't the sort of person who went around acting like a hero. I also already had enough on my plate. But the old woman seemed like she was going to roll over and die at any second. I couldn't just walk away.

I approached her.

"Excuse me, ma'am," I started, "do you need help?"

The frail old woman on her withered hands and shaking kneee slowly turned to give me the sassiest look I'd seen all week.

"Do I look alright to you, stupid boy?"

"Alright, well, screw you," I replied. I started to leave.

"Wait," she said weakly. I stopped. I had to take a deep breath and relax my shoulders before I turned back around. She probably didn't mean to come across so aggressively.

"What?" I asked.

Something hit my left eye.

"Ow, fuck!" I held my eye as I heard something clatter to the ground. The undersized pink glasses?

"Put them on," the old woman squawked, "and feel the suffering that I and my ancestors felt all these years!" She then fell onto her side and let out a breath. It sounded like she muttered "stupid boy". The woman didn't inhale after that. 

Did she really just...die?

I felt cold inside. Even if she came across as rude, I should have called an ambulance in those moments. She was human, after all. I felt sick as I picked up her glasses. I had to give her one last chance. Fulfill her dying wish. She deserved that much, even if she'd insulted me with her last breath.

My hands shook as I held the glasses up to my face. Surprisingly, they didn't make my surroundings seem blurry. Did I need glasses? Or were the lenses fake?

As I looked around with the glasses, I found something disturbing in front of the wall that the old woman had been facing.

It was a humanoid figure. White, like almond milk. Naked, but sexless. It had no fingers or toes, but rather "fins" like some sort of cheap doll. The thing was bald, but it had eyebrows. Wiggling orange eyebrows. Its irises were also orange, but they glowed. 

The most disturbing part, though, was the cantaloupe.

It was actually half of a cantaloupe, which only doubled my fear and confusion. The thing was licking the orange part of the fruit with a long, fat, and gray tongue like a dead trout. This and the suggestive eyebrow wiggles made a wave of sickness roll over me. For a few moments, I couldn't look away.

Then it wiggled its hips.

"Oh fuck," I recoiled, "no, absolutely not." I shook my head and pulled the glasses away from my face. I wasn't sure why the old lady had claimed that this thing caused her and her ancestors suffering, but I wasn't going to deal with this. I had too much going on already and I wasn't in the mood for understanding the suffering that this invisible milk-colored humanoid was trying to inflict with its cantaloupe licking and eyebrow wiggling antics.

I strutted up to the thing's general location and pushed the glasses around where its face ought to have been. They didn't stay in place, though. I thought that my aim was off, but I saw through the lenses that the thing was leaning back and to the sides (all while licking the cantaloupe, of course) in order to evade my efforts. It seemed to be smiling at me. That cocky bastard.

Frustrated, I thrust the glasses toward onto its face. I was only able to see its glowing orange eyes through the glasses, which seemed to float in the air since the rest of the thing was still invisible. The eyelids moved around in sync with its eyebrow wiggling.

I turned my back on the dead old woman and the somewhat visible creature. Then I walked out of that alleyway. I wasn't going to try dealing with this nonsense.