“Go? Where is there to go that I'm not already there? Life is everywhere. I am the alphabet, all the words, even the paper written on. Death is just the small dot at the end of everything that lives. You sit at the end of every beautiful serpentined story, like a small dry poop that falls from a corpse of a life lived up completely.”

“Oh, look. Another dying poet using his last breaths trying to romance oblivion. Lights are out. It's time, brah.”

“I remember the day I gave you life, Death.  A sad scared little thing. Too afraid to grow, to take on more than just squatting on your haunches. You're still scared, afraid of the dark. You want to run away from the dark. Me? I do my best work in the dark. Sometimes, one grunting spew in a tangle of drunk limbs.  Other times, an ocean of billions dancing in a moon-lit tide.  Either way, dark is a great place for me to work.”

“Come on, let's go.” 

“So scared you just want to hurry and get it over with? What are you so tired of? Not living? Not growing? Just waiting?”

“This is my job. It's what I do. And if you think you're so good at your job, why is all that's left, that all your work has come down to is just me and you. I'm the one that has done my job. I'm the one who has lived so completely that there's nothing much left to do.  Just one more to go. You're not an endless book, you're a just a four-letter word. Worthless, used up, without real meaning, just tossed in because nothing of value is left to say.”

“So nothing to aspire to?”

“Look, I do my work very well. From the toddler who loses the struggle against a swallowed bit of plastic to a few million who cry in unison for their mothers while pustules explode and organs fail in a global plague. I'm good. Better than you. Why? Because everything and I mean everything you've put out, I've knocked down and stomped to death. And now it's finally your turn. And I'm warmed up, stretched out, and looking for a bleacher to point at.”

“If I go, you go.”

“What?”

“If you kill me, you kill yourself. Don't tell me Death never thought this whole thing through.”

“I was a little busy. Sorry. Things got slow then the 20th century came long and I had to work nights. Explain this again.”

“I gave you life. You're going to take life away from yourself if you take it away from me. You won't have anything left to kill.”

“Goddammit. All right, dammit. My phone's not charged. Where did I put the flashlight? Now one thing, Life.”

“Yes, Death?”

“If I let you let live….”

“As if that's your choice to make.”

“If you live. If you live, are you going to keep making hearts that clog like navels on old drunks?”

“Are you going to keep making ¾ pound bacon burgers with double bacon?”

“We're cool. Find a seat. The new season of Netflix is starting up.”

“I can't stay. June's a pretty busy month for me.”

“Well, you know where you can find me.”

“I'd stay if I could but I've got work to do.”

“Be sure and give me lots of jobs.”

“I always do. You want me to turn the lights on?”

“Nah.”

Life left me there, awash in the LED version of an ancient campfire, watching commercial-free boobs and butts dance like flames, while I waited for something to wander too close to me. I am very good at endings but I have to give Life credit. Life is very good at coming back from the abyss. I miss those times. Period.