After today, I'm going to look at life a bit differently. 

I woke up to find one of my slippers missing. I found a heavily chewed on and disfigured slipper eventually but my cat disappeared. I just made a mental note to buy another pair on my way back from work. I took a shower but no matter how much I turned on the hot water, it stayed cold. I jumped in starting screaming curses and took the fastest shower of my life. 

On my way to work there was a huge traffic jam. Turns out a car got into a crash and flipped over in the middle of the road. I couldn't quite see it but something about it gave me chills. When I got to work my boss gave me a weird look and told me to call me after work, which he has never done before. People kept coming in my office and inspecting stuff too. And everyone was looking at me weird, especially the girls. I finished up my work and headed home. 

I of course stopped at my favorite sandwish place "Todd and Marlene's sandwishes". Except it was strangely closed. I wanted to chit chat with the couple about recent news too. Instead I decided to call my best friend. But he didn't pick and didn't respond to texts. I was nervous but decided it was a good opportunity to talk to this girl I was crushing on for months. But she didn't pick or respond either. Weird because I knew they were both off work by now.

I stopped by the local walmart to pick up new slippers. I picked up one of those hot sandwishes they had, and it tasted a bit different than it usually does. I ate it as I walked through the store to pick up the slippers and went to the cashier. None of my credit cards worked which was weird so I tried my debit card but it didn't work either. I thought maybe my cards got magnetized or something. The cashier yelled at me for eating my sandwish before paying for it. But I always did that cause of course I'm going to pay for it. But since my cards didn't work and I had no cash the called over security. They put me on some kind of list and kicked me out of the store. I tried calling my sister but she didn't pick up. I started to wish I still had other family left to call, but I didn't want to think of the car crash again so I tried to play music on my phone. But, I dropped my phone it cracked, and it wouldn't turn on.

I drove home but a few blocks from my house my car started to make funny noises and broke down so I parked it on the side of the street a little awkwardly. I walked a few blocks and then a bunch of cop cars and a fire truck drove past me weirdly. When I entered my house my cat wasn't there to greet me like usual. 

I turned on my computer and checked my email. There were dozens and dozens of emails sent by my coworkers saying things like "I can't believe you did that, you deserve the worst!" "I hope there is a special circle of hell just for you." "What in the world made you do this man?" I remembered I had to call my boss. He picked up after just the first ring. "Sir, what's going on why am I getting a bunch of mean emails?" "...So you're just going to deny it huh." "What did I do?" "Sigh, listen they confirmed what you did in the afternoon but she isn't going to file charges. You're fired and don't come into the building ever again" and my boss hung up. 

I went back to my email and I couldn't find anything. Then suddenly a new message came up from "God". No @ sign no website host. I opened it up and it said.

"Hey there. You seem to have missed a few things: your cat is dead under your bed from chocking on your slipper, the car crash this morning felt weird because it was your sister's car and she's dead, you got fired because a girl falsely accused you of sexual harassment because she can't tell minorities apart, Todd and Marlene's was closed because a robber shot and killed them both at their house, your best friend and crush didn't pick up because they just started sleeping with each other, the sandwich tasted weird because it was rotten and you're going to have awful food poisoning for awhile, you got hacked and your credit cards are maxed out and your debit account and life savings are empty, police cars and firetrucks drove past you because your neighbor old man Wilkens who if you recall bought you your first snowboard, roller blades, R rated movie ticket, and beer is dead because he dinked your awkwardly parked car and swerved into a tree. And this all happened to you because I hate you for no particular reason and intervened.

It wasn't me who broke your phone though, you're just clumsy, and I know you're wondering if I made your dad crash the car when you were a kid, but your Dad is just a horrible driver. Oh and you forgot to pay your heating bill."

"Fuck"