It seemed as if the taste had all but disappeared for a moment. The only thing I could feel was what felt like a sledgehammer flailing into my chest and bringing my heart to an abrupt stop. Was there a mistake? Maybe I'm just feeling sick.

"Are you alright?" 

Alice had a concerned look on her face, I could feel the blood leave from my face.

"I-I-I I'm not s-sure, I-I just need t-t-to use the bathroom". 

My anxiety was out of control and my stomach wanted no part in it. I made it into the bathroom just in time to expel my excess anxiety into the toilet. I've had some foul tastes in my mouth before but none ever this bad. I heard three light taps at the bathroom door.

"You alright in there Andrew?" , 

It was Alice, she's always been kind towards me and that's why I had called her over. She always listens when I need it and I've tasted some of her white lies before, they always taste bitter but her intent is never to harm so I can bear with it.

"Yeah I'll be alright!" 

Bitter, side effect of telling my own lies.

"Do you need anything?" Alice said with concern.

"No I'll be fine... just need to collect my bearings and clean up a little." 

I sat by the toilet, afraid. What am I? Maybe this is just some strange dream or maybe my taste just acted up. Yeah that had to be it! Wait n-n-no no no, I could taste my own lie earlier. This knot in my stomach just felt like it was getting tighter, I had to confront Alice and find some answers. I quickly washed up and stumbled out of the bathroom before making my way back into the living room, my head hanging low out of fear of the response I might get.

"Alice, I've uh, I need to ask-" 

A mechanical slide followed by a crisp sounding click interrupted me. I looked up and could feel the blood leave my fave again, only for a completely different reason. Alice's demeanor had changed and she looked very serious, she had a pistol in her right hand and it was aimed right at me.

"It's a shame Andrew, you know I really liked you?"

Alice had a slight grin slowly emerging from the right side of her face. 

"W-w-wait Alice please d-d-don't!" 

I've never been more scared in my life

"Goodbye Andrew." 

A loud bang erupted as the bullet made its way through my head. Field of flowers, is this what death is like? I slowly made my way through the bright arrangement of flowers through the everlasting fields in view. I felt peaceful, the anxiety was gone, maybe things were better this way. Suddenly everything started to fade back to black. I came to, and when I did I found myself standing in my living room again, there was a foul stench and a foul taste in my mouth. 

I should be dead shouldn't I? What happened? The pool of blood where Alice had been had caught my eye. I quickly patted down my body and yet I failed to find any bullet wound, but I stank of blood and my mouth tasted of blood. There was something stuck between my teeth, I reached in and pulled out - an earing? It looked a lot like the kind Alice was wearing...




