January 1st 202X P.C. 
I'm leaving this here, hoping someday somebody a hell of a lot smarter than me can find it, and make sense of what happened.  We've lost so much of what we know to the Hortons.  Someone needs to start writing things down...

It started in 2019.  The world was tumultuous, but not too far gone.  We were working our way through problems, even if it didn't seem like it at the time.  Then people started dropping dead.  Well... not dropping.  Freezing.  Frozen in place at the table at thousands of breakfast tables all over the world.  The cause?  The only link that could be found?  

Fucking Syrup.  Maple.  Syrup.  As we found out later, it was Nanites that had been planted in millions of bottles all over the world.  At the time though, this pandemic froze the world in fear.  Scarcely 45 minutes passed between the initial announcement of Canadian Government involvement to the invasion.  

Hockey Rinks came to life, all over the world.  Sprouting Gun turrets, missile launchers, computer brains capable of bulls eyeing a fly at 10,000 yards, they tore through cities.  Clad in thick ice based armor, they were difficult to kill, and even harder to get close too because of their infantry support.  

Tim Hortons  had turned into clone factories.  Centralized around the Columbus Ohio area, 6 foot tall, hockey pad clad, machine gun toting, hooligans began pressing outward, occupying every territory they came across.  I still remember the CNN footage of them crossing the Hudson, on their massive boats of hardened syrup and ice.  

There were other forces pouring out of the Great White North, but after those first 45 Mins, information gets kind of fuzzy.  From what me and my fellow survivors can gather, after about 2 weeks of fighting, the U.N. sent a message of unconditional surrender to Ottawa.  The only response? 

"Sorry, Hoosier."

God help us all.  We're heading south.  Rumor is that the syrup can't maintain consistency, and that the Hortons are allergic to hot weather and strong coffee.  We can only pray.  
