Time, as it turns out, is interesting. Certain things can change here and there but major events that change the course of history cannot be changed. Hitlers death is one of them. The end of WWII is marked by the death of hitler and even changing his time of death by a day means changing that course. How then do you kill hitler as part of a competition? Well, Hitler has to die on April 30th, 1945. 

Time is a bit fuzzy too, old changes that have never happened in this timeline can sometimes bleed into the next. Some of you will remember the book Berenstain Bears while others of you will remember them a the Berenstein Bears books. That was us, sorry. Anything bigger than that and we'll fix it but minor stuff isn't worth the hassle. Now that you know a little about how time works, some of you will think that hitler died by a gunshot, some will think that he died by cyanid, some by setting himself on fire, and some a combination of some or all of them. The most believed thought is that he died by Cyanide. We've been at this for a little while now and that's why there's a little time bleed with people's memories.

The competition allows you to take Hitler out of the time stream and kill him somewhere else using any number of methods, but the result has to be that Hitler dies on April 30th, 1945, or it has to seem that way anyway. You have to remember that eyewitness accounts are scarce and unreliable (by design) and DNA testing is not available until the 1990's so as long as you wind up with two burnt bodies in the garden behind the Reich Chancellery.

My name is Farthel Loid but you may know me as Adolf and I'm the current (an last) reigning champion. You see, after I had poisoned Eva and just before I was to shoot myself a man appeared in full uniform in my living quarters. He was a slightly taller than average aryan man, dressed in my best uniform, and saluting. I attempted to shoot him but either my gun had malfunctioned or the bullets had no effect, his response was a loud "SEIG HEIL!". My shouting for guards also proved fruitless and then I could no longer move. He sat in the chair next to me. He told me of the events after what he called World War 2 and how there was a movement dedicated to my ideals after my death called neo nazis. He told me that many hundreds of years into the future they had learned of a competition to go back in time and kill... me ... on the exact same day and are rated on a number of different scales for a point system. My jaw would have dropped at much of what he said if I could move. He said he joined the games after decades and decades of preparation, by duplicating his life with another so that the background check would clear (for obvious reasons). This was done in incredible secrecy as any time travel changes are monitored and logged by a group outside of time. Lastly, he told me how all this was done for me. So that I could live on. That he would take my place. And that this was the last of the games as he and his group saw to it. He unfroze me and said I had two options. The first was to shoot him but then I would be dead by gunshot before my valet entered the room. The second was for him to take my place. I opted for the second choice. We exchanged coats, he sat in my place on the lounge and instructed me to push a button on the coat which would signal my retrieval. After doing so I saw him shoot himself in the head so he was unrecognisable. I appeared before a group of aryan men and women in uniform, far larger than the army I had assembled in Germany. I appeared in the third reich. 