I ask myself sometimes if I am damned.

I wonder how my soul will wander in the depths of the Underworld after I’m gone, because I have done some evil deeds to fulfill some needs, and I sometimes think if these needs got out of hand to become wills.

Being a shoemaker is being underestimated, unseen. While the world is out there being saved by prideful men in shinning armor, I am busy with my duty; tending to leather and wood, assembling it together to make the boots and shoes that proceed these men’s feet.

And these shoes are also underestimated. Years of craftsmanship ate overlooked because of the nature of my products. I am the man who makes boots for the Mages Guild, for the City Garrison, as well as pretty much every thief that I have known in my years of attending to my small and shy table in the corner of The Drunken Lord, and still, foreigners and locals do not respect me.

I never cared for respect, you know? I don’t want all eyes to me, no, I’m just a simple man, but some recognition would be nice every once in a while. Come to think of it, I am being somewhat hypocritical, ain’t I? I mean, if I didn’t care for the attention, I wouldn’t even have started doing this...

Nah, I’m being stupid.

[Silence.]

I believe it was all those years that have accumulated to this. So many adventurers coming in, trying to sell me shitty deals over shitty loot for my top notch gear. When affairs with the Duke involved me, so much arrogance was shown by these outsiders. I should start to grow tired anytime, right?

Well, the droplet was that party from... M’nykja, I think. They came in to talk to do some trading. They were standard, until one of them, the big one, drawn his war-hammer after staying quiet the whole time, staring into the wall beside the counter. I just kept quiet, looking at them, and asked: “Is everything fine, gentlemen?”. The Big One said nothing, looked at nothing. He just took a swing and tore a whole through my shop’s wall, taking down many of my shelves. Then they all drawn their weapons. The Archer took a shot at me and hit my chest. I had to go running out of there while the guards started raiding my store to take the outlaws out.

You know what happened?

They were released from jail because the Duke owned them for some beast-slaying deal they had.

They said they only felt like ripping my shop down, and perhaps taking my gold afterwards, but the guards were forbidden of talking about  that to the townsfolk. And they walked.

That night I spent the rest of my silver in the tavern. My business was wrecked, I was hurt and owed the apothecary money, as well as the doctor who tended to my wound. He said the arrow broke, and the potion to dissolve the wood shrapnel within my flesh wouldn’t be cheap. In two days, some merchant from the south came into the city protected by foreigners, and he brought thousands of shoes that would supply demand until his caravans established the trading route. I was done.

And I didn’t think of revenge at the time, I remember. I just wasn’t thinking at all. Everything was moving independently: I simply went to the tavern and drank the rest of the money I had, with no fear or rage within my heard. Just... blank.

I spent the rest of the Half Moon in the streets, mostly drunk of whatever I could find that had alcohol in it, especially rotten fruits. I ate nuts and scavenged remains off the Duke’s table when there were feasts. I think I was arrested five times around that time. The guards liked me for always being nice to them, when they came by the shop to pick up the boots shipment for the Garrison, but they kept saying “You are not making this easy for us”, or “Keep up like this and you’ll be dead soon”. Eventually I think they started to get tired of me getting into trouble.

It’s all blurred.

One night I felt angry, homicidal angry. Life had been SO unfair to me, I simply couldn’t take it anymore. I was broke, drunk and alone. Some sell-sword from Kaliope caught me in bad mood and I took a swing at him. I don’t remember much, but I remember taking a hell of a beating, and running. I later found out there was such a commotion in the Drunken Lord, the place was set on fire accidentally. I ran outside of the city’s walls that day.

What I can recall perfectly is waking up inside a goblin lair, by the woods. It was a cozy place, although excessively humid and smelling like a wet hound. The goblins that lived there were a group of twelve, that used to be a tribe of thirty. That gave me a sight on the matter for the first time. I was fed with remains of an old dead boar they found in the woods, and they gave me water, even though it was not properly pure. Those goblins were being friendly to me, and probably saved my life. I would be eaten alive by wolves in the woods if not saved. “Why have you saved me?” I asked them. “You silly, you drunk. Needed help, was not danger.”

“What is dangerous for you guys?”

“Sticky sticks, shinny clothes. Hammer.”

My blood went up straight to my head again. Life is unfair. Those creatures were being slaughtered just for minding their own businesses. They didn’t eat babies, they didn’t steal gold. They found loot and protected it as their property, and I found that after hours of talking. They said I fell into their lair. They were doing nothing wrong. And those men whom destroyed my shop were hunting the very creatures that had saved me when I invaded their home.

That was it.

It was personal.

A shoemaker got into that lair. A man left that lair.

I promised my little green friends I would help them. After tripping on rocks and roots in the woods, I eventually found the way back to the city, marking the way back to the goblin lair.

I marched into the night towards the Mages Guild, and looked for one of the spokesmen, an old client. Can’t really say his name; could be a problem if people found out we know each other. I had a long business relationship with the man, and he was sympathetic to my situation, but I lied to him. If anyone found out I was helping beasts, my head was going to roll off my shoulders. I asked for a spell so I could handle a Justice the city wasn’t able to deliver me. By candlelight, he reluctantly lended me a scroll. He told me to read the words and seal it with blood, in order to work, and told me I could pay whenever I had the money, although it wouldn’t be cheap.

I ran back to the lair after a quick asking around the guards to know if they had seen the party in the county, and finding out they set camp by the Raven’s Nest, a few miles west from the city.

That was my first sale.

The goblin leader was a little smarter than the rest, so he understood how the scroll worked. It was over arming; those guys just needed spikes and rocks, but I was angry. And I decided no one would make me angry anymore. The goblin group left the lair before dawn so they could reach the party. I went along, keeping my distance.

I still remember how the man who bore the hammer screamed. He frantic flounced and shivered while white fire consumed his flesh and armor. The goblins scalped the Archer and the rest was impaled in chests by goblin spears. There was blood everywhere, and white fire making it all shine.

The sun rose.

[Silence]

With their belongings, I could re-open my shop and pay my dues. My goblin friends became messengers and spokesmen of my cause to other beasts. Goblins, harpies, vampires, werewolves . A griffin once invaded city and conveniently killed the southern merchant. I kept ordering spells and keeping them at my home “for defense”, as well as made friends in the Blacksmith Guild. I built a network of armorers and swordsmiths. My contact in the Mages Guild stopped supplying me with spells after some time, but that just made me find out about the Magic black market.

I have been pulling strings from the dark. Not only taking away the monopoly of violence from the province and men, but maneuvering my influence over crime lords and the State, as I now deliver shipments and whole caravans of arms to beasts, all under broad daylight.

Thousands have been killed in city raids in the whole province, and beast communities are waging war constantly, armed with spells and top-notch armor. Foreigners are afraid to come, because they are killed off really quickly. Cities are now under tight restrictions due to security reasons and people respect each other’s now, since food, supplies, gear, everything is expensive and little now.

I keep being the master shoemaker, but just seen as a shoemaker. And I couldn’t want anything else but being seen as such.

[Silence.]

I ask myself sometimes if I’m damned.

But no, I’m not.

It’s business.