A wiry, dark-haired man stands behind the bar polishing the last few glasses to be put up into storage. He turns his head to the *thud thud thud* of someone kicking the snow off their boots  outside, and sees an unexpected face opening the door.

“Well hey there Vee, come on in.” 

The young woman hangs her coat next to the door and shuffles her feet on the mat to shake off the remaining ice. She walks over to the bar and takes a seat at one of the stools that hasn’t been put away.  

“Hi Morty, how’s things?” 

“Oh ya know, it got busy there for a bit but things have started to slow down here the last few days.” The bartender squats down, searching for his private bottle he’s hidden in the back. His knees creak and pop in unison. 

His patron sighs, tying back her long blond hair and adjusting it in the mirror on the back wall. “You don’t know the half of it. I’ve been from the milky way to the pinwheel and back today just trying to hold things together. All for nothing now, but I guess we both saw this coming.” 

Mort lurches back up to the bar, a bottle of Lagavulin in one hand and two glasses in the other, and starts to pour. “Yep, heat death of the universe and all. I was gonna ask why you came here, of all places, but…” 

“Nowhere else to go” she finishes for him. “Now that everything out there is starting to freeze, this dive is the last place I could come to without turning into a popsicle.” 

Morty figured this was probably the case, but hadn’t bothered to find out himself. He moves to fill the second glass but his lone patron quickly covers it.

“None for me Mort, you know I can’t…” 

“Oh come now Vida, you’re not gonna make me drink by myself are ya? And if I remember correctly, whiskey does mean *“water of life”* in gaelic.” 

She hesitates a moment before moving her hand “I guess one couldn’t hurt, but could I also trouble you for a…” 

“some water with a lemon? No trouble at all.” The bartender is already filling a glass for her and sets it down on a coaster. 

“So what happens now?” she pulls a straw from behind the bar and plops it into her water. “I sit on this stool watching you polish glasses for eternity?” 

“You could help” Morty says with a smile, “we might get it done in half the time.” Vida rolls her eyes at him as he continues. 

“No, I think we head through that door between the bathrooms, same as everyone thats come through here over the last few billion years. Now that we’re the only two left I can only assume its our turn.” He stuffs his polishing rag in his back pocket and picks up his glass. 

“And where’s that go?” Vida asks. 

The bartender arches one long, thin eyebrow and looks at his patron “You don’t remember?” She stares back at him blankly. “Well its been quite some time since we came through it ourselves but I imagine its the same as we left it. Maybe a bit more crowded now”

Her eyes widen with sudden realization “I completely forgot. You don’t think he’s still…”

“Yep, I imagine he is.” 

Vida rubs her forehead and winces “Jesus Christ… You have any idea what he’s planning on doing next?” 

“Well, not him, his dad.” he says with a smile “and no I can’t say I do.” 

Vida upends her glass, knocking back the remaining half in one swallow. “Well, If that’s so I guess we better get going,” and pushes back in her stool. She turns and starts towards the back of the bar. 

“Vee the guy’s waited almost 14 billion years to find out how his little experiment turned out. I’m sure he can wait another hour or so.” The woman ignores him continues on her path.

Mortimer smacks the bar hard enough to rattle his old sickle off of the wall behind him and shouts “If you’re itching to walk through that door alone to tell him this whole thing settled out and froze because he miscalculated the second law of thermodynamics be my guest.” Vida finally stops with her hand on the knob, the door halfway open. 

He lowers his voice “Look Vida, I’m more than happy to go with ya and tell him together. It’d probably be easiest for both of us that way.” 

The bartender refills his patron’s glass and sets it back in front of the empty stool, Realizing this might be the last drink he pours before whatever comes next.

 “I’m going to take my time and enjoy the rest of this bottle and I’d rather not have to do it by myself. ‘always tastes better when you share it’ is what I say.” 

He picks his old reaping tool off the floor and returns it to its place on the wall behind the bar as he hears the door in the back close with a *click.*