"Now let me tell a story, little boy." I sat down on my storytelling bench with my grandson sitting on the floor, getting all comfy from the heat from the old hearth i once had built. "Tell me. How much do you know about magic?" I asked with my old grizzled voice. "A lot! Magic is like a thing from a thing that can cast spells by casting it and stuff!" I laughed a little. A quick answer from the boy. I'd have thought a few more seconds before answering but i guess that happens when you get older. "Almost. Magic is the essence, as same as time. The more quickly you can finish the incantation, the more efficient the spell will become thus making it also stronger-" I noticed the little boy gazing at with some awe inside of him. 

"How long does it take to finish an incantation?" I scratched my grown out beard for a second or two. "For an average person, it would take around 10 seconds to cast a spell which requires only one or two sentences of incantation. For a skilled person, it would only take that amount of time to complete five sentences. An exceptionally talented person could even finish eight sentences. But there were even more skilled people in my life time." "What are they called, grandpa?" The boy asked who seemed to be itching to ask many questions. "They were called Busta, Twista and the most respected of them all, the Rap God. They were quite famous rappers and they even could finish an entire incantation of the length of a song in just 10 seconds. But the times weren't that great at those times."

I cleared my throat with a few coughs. "There were tensions and frictions between those three people. Most of the public didn't seem to know about those tensions but some people did. After the first three months of friction, it began to heat up until the incident happened. Busta, Twista and the Rap God began fighting each other, casting all sort of spells at each other. Hundreds of fire balls fell down from the sky, thousands of magic missiles flew every two seconds, hitting two bystanders at one point. The Rap God quickly healed them and rest of the bystanders and sent them away in an instant with a teleportation spell. Twista used one of the top tier spells within his current arsenal, destroying dozens of buildings at once injuring many with four deaths. Immediately after that, Busta unleashed his highest tier spell; Earth Shatter. It shattered the ground in an instant, swallowing up a lot of land. Fortunately, none died to this spell. The Rap God just kept firing hundreds of homing magic missiles every second, fearing the great loss of life using a high tier spell would cause. Eventually Busta and Twista lost because of their mana fatigue they caused for themselves, but the Rap God was still standing. After the police came, they questioned the still conscious Rap God, revealing that Busta initiated the fight with Twista and Rap God was pulled it against his will. The few bystanders that he saved was enough to convince the judge in the court that he was trying to protect the civilians. The other two got jail time all the while Rap God was seen as a local hero. It was nice."

The way the boy stared at me could only show off amazement in his eyes. "Do you know if the Rap God is still alive?" I laughed. I think it's fine to tell him that: "Of course he is! As long as I am alive, the Rap God is!"



Note: I rarely write any stories and i was little tired too but i hope you guys enjoyed it!