Grey, black and a sudden white. Grey, black and sudden white. Grey, black and a sudden white. Those are the hue of colours Alex saw in repetition for what seemed like a timeless eternity. Shapes of his surroundings flailed about meshing with one another, colliding and collapsing before taking a new shape and brand new image before shattering apart once again. A garden, a stage, a T.V, a woman, a deer and a computer. It felt like Alex was in a montage where he had no control of his destination. Sometimes senses beyond meaningless images came too such as a scent of a crocus, a vulgar cologne  or a sound of a scream, a laugh or unidentifiable animal screeching. Alex thought he was dying to be quite honest. What else could it be? He felt alive but with each passing thought there was a moment where he was nothing as if death had finally embraced him only to kick him back out the door again. What was he? Alex? Or was Alex the senseless noise flowing in through this euphoric ocean of blissful indifferent experience collapsing in on itself like Pandora’s box had been opened.


Blue. There was blue. And black too. And a whole heap of other colours. No changing scents, just a sweet smell wafting up from below him. It reminded Alex of wine. Yes, that was right. He was Alex Jones, an ex cop who now teaches law in a local community college. Born and raised in texas.  He’d lived in several countries such as Ireland, Germany and South Africa It was all there. For the first time in forever he knew who he was and that he was very much alive. Except that happiness was fleeting as alex looked forward out passed the window in front of him. A large city of colourful lights dotted a night time cityscape. Where was he? Looking around, Alex realized he was in a hotel room. There was a nice linen bed, large T.V. and a larger then normal living space with a small oak table and tiled kitchen. This is the kind of place you’d see a celebrity living in. 


Taking a step forward, alex heard a clang.  Looking down, he saw it was his leather black boots heel hitting the wooded floor. When did I buy boots? He thought to himself. In face he was wearing a nicely tailored grey suit with a waistcoat, cuffed wrists and a floral pink tie. In Alex’s left hand, he held a large glass of red wine. Alex didn’t drink wine. And further more… Alex didn’t have a left hand. He’d lost it in an incident two years prior which led to his early retirement from the force. The hand he looked at was wrinkled and had a silver ring. What is this? What the fuck is going on? Looking around Alex came a standing mirror in the corner of the room. He was met face to face with a tall Asian man with grey hair and wrinkled face. Maybe  in his 60’s? Turning around, there was no one else there. Alex took a step forwards to the mirror and with him, so his the Asian man. Opening his mouth, the man followed. Putting his hand on his nose and once again the man followed suit. Was this a joke or was this now him? Was Alex always this man or have I gone crazy?


“Who are you?” He said allowed in a deep voice not his own.

 
“You too huh? I guess it worked too well then” A voice from behind him said. Turning around and instinctively reaching for a book on the bed stand, a potential weapon, Alex met eyes with a stunning Asian woman with red hair standing at the door to the bathroom wearing only silk lingerie.


“The names Drew Landymore and I need your help in finding out where we are and how I can get back to my lab and fix this shitshow”.
