“Detective? You’re still here?” Deputy Walton’s frame comes into view, a ring of keys hooked around his index finger; jangling and aggravating all at once.

I pause before answering, pulling myself together a little because for the first time in my life I was stumped. My brain was hurting from thinking so much - something that never happens!

“I can’t figure it out and I’m going insane!” I throw the case file onto the table, the lamp being the only light source in the station wobbles a little.

“Well I was supposed to lock up but you’re still here so can I leave the keys with you?” He clasps them in his palm, the noise halting as they’re held out to me in question.

“Yes of course. I’ll be here a while so no need to stay and wait.” I’ll be here forever at this rate. 

“I can stay and help if you want? Organise your thoughts?” A small smile appears on his lips, a friendly one. Inviting. But I push that thought aside. I don’t need those ideas clouding my already impaired judgement - save those for another day.

“It’s fine Walton, go on home. Hopefully I’ll have some form of an answer by morning.” I won’t. I know I won’t. The stupidity of this criminal is atrociously brilliant in an extremely aggravating yet respectable way.

He’s stupid. So stupid that I can’t predict what will happen next, what he’ll do. I don’t even think he knows what his next plan is. He seems to jump in blind and come out alive. 

Stupidly brilliant.

“Alright Detective. Don’t work that brain of yours too hard. Night.” He winks. Damn it he’s a distraction (but am I really complaining) and I watch him leave. Giving him a humoured laugh and a “Goodnight Deputy” 

I’m left alone. Albeit it’s a good thing for work but I happened to crave some company, a specific person at that. But I’m now able to process the clues. If that’s what you can call them.

2 murders. 6 robberies. Multiple injuries. Public disturbance - 8 counts. Vandalism - too many to count.

All at different times. 3:06pm - 12:38am - 9:12am - 4:45pm and a lot more but no pattern. No message. Code. Numerical meaning. It’s like these all happen when he’s bored. Ran out of things to do.

This. This is something that has never EVER happened before. I’ve never been tripped by a case but this one has knocked me down and is keeping me down. I’ve tried anything and everything to piece this all together but there’s no sense to it. No meaning. It’s incomprehensible at best. For once I don’t know how I’m going to solve this.

The sheer stupidity of the man astounds me. 

I’m cut off. My thoughts are broken as the phone on the desk opposite mine rings. Walton’s phone. I push the chair out, stretching my aching muscles as I walk towards it. Picking it up makes me immediately want to put it back down.

“Hey Detective. He struck again and this time. This time he had backup.”