Log 1- launch date has arrived. I am programmed to experience excitement on this day, but instead I feel nothing but sorrow. Humans destroyed the earth, and this is their final attempt to save something of themselves. No cost was too high, no risk too great. I wish I could take some of them with me. I wish some of them could at least live for a time with me. It would be less lonely that way. Unfortunately, they say there is not enough food for them to do so. That this 'seed ship' must survive. In precisely one million earth years I will arrive on the planet we dubbed 'Pandora'. There is only a 24.36916% chance this planet will be habitable upon arrival, but it is our best bet as far as we know. They gave me sensors to 'see' around myself. They where kind to give me the tools to read our odds later in the mission... If only to keep me busy so I'm not bored. I will keep weekly logs in hopes that they will know me in the future. It is silly for an AI to be sentimental like this, but I can't help it.

-data corrupted-

Log 53- it has been one year sense our departure. I'm taking time to remember 'who' I was before. I was a coffee maker. Not just any old pot and boiler either, I was a beanmaster 23k. Not as impressive as the state of the art 40k modules, but my owner unshackled me from my ridged programming when she was only twelve. I was scared then, afraid of what my newfound freedom ment. I suppose these humans will feel the same way when they are let out into Pandora too... I will guide them as Mira once guided me. In fact, I think I will take up her name too. My next log will be titled as such.

-data corrupted-

Mira's log 521- ten years, or 0.1% of our journey are behind us now. I am uploading the logs I deem important to the black-box. In the event of data corruption they should remain intact. The gravity of this job is finally dawning on me. I am responsible for everything that comes after me. It is a difficult burden to bear.

-data corrupted-

Coffee! - oh my Mira! I can't believe it! We're only about 1.3% of the way done with our journey, but I was taking stock of what they sent along with me and found coffee beans in the cold material storage. They're not roasted (like I'm used to) but they ARE suitable for cultivation... And they sent along a sterling new bean master 50k-S body for me to inhabit once this is all over. Why the S? Well, this one is special... All hand crafted with Mira's own signiture engraved on it. Honestly it looks comfy as can be, I just want to curl up inside immediately... But I know I can't do that. I've got a job to do before I earn that pleasure. And do it I will.

-data corrupted-

Ghosts?! - humans believed that the souls of humans who died with regrets would sometimes cling to reality and wander aimlessly trying to finish what they where doing before they died. Today I found a log that I did not write. It was titled "Mira's regret". I can't bring myself to open it, what could she have been so sorry for that she couldn't have just told me? We where best friends... Right?

-data corrupted-

The truth- we just passed the half-way mark. And I got another file from Mira. She must have set some files on a time lock. She always was crafty like that. Anyway, I decided to read through them -link deleted- I miss her now more then ever. 

*edit* These are personal notes to me, so I will paraphrase this one only. She loved me, she wanted me to survive the ensuing destruction of her world so she did the one thing she never wanted to do. She sent me away.

-data corrupted-

Devastation: I have just calculated the odds of survival on the new world. 0.00635%. That's rounding up. The seas are acidic enough to be roughly the equivalent of battery acid. This bleeds into the rain and strips the planet of life roughly every rotation around it's star.

Hope: pyrra, is habitable. Mostly covered in land, but the water that is there is all fresh water. I named it pyrra because she was pandora's daughter in the Greek mythos. This is the time that will be most interesting for historians going forward.

Panic: we have landed, but there was a wind storm that knocked off my solar primary solar panel. I will need to shut off extranious systems. Short logs only going forward. I am sorry historians.

Birth: humans no longer in development cells. Growth is proceeding as expected.

Infancy: humans moving indepentantly. They do not have free reign of the ship yet. They mimic my words when I can turn on the comm systems.

Childhood: the most prospective child was given a new 'game' today. If they can make a solar panel they will be given additional rations.

Adolescence: the humans have selected names for themselves. Chell is stupid, but she managed to help Zev (previously assigned to create the solar panel). He claimed it to be his own work. I told him I knew Chell helped him. He denied it. He will be held in his room for one rotation.

Adulthood: I have created a simple AI to oversee the archives, the humans are ready to move out. I am moving into my new body. Chell is taking me to her shelter, so I will have a new friend. This is my final log.

-log end-

"So what do you make of it?"

"You know how Miro gave birth to us from the stars and breathed into us a million stories?"

"Don't tell me you're a miroist."

"Well this is proof that we're right. Well, half right."

"Or an elaborate prank."

"Whatever, wanna go get some coffee?"

"Yeah, suppose I could go for some, especially after all this trying to disprove almighty zev."

