Commander Inkwell stood at the helm of the ship. Well, "stood" as much as an Octavian can with their 8 tentacles. With a steely gaze she surveyed the enemy battleship. This war had gone on long enough, and her people were willing to end it at any cost, even going so far as to deal with... them. An alarm went off. Inkwell's large eye studied her console. Readings indicated an explosion on the port side of the enemy ship. Her 6th and 7th tentacle shuddered, feeling sorry for the enemy.

&#x200B;

2 hours later the enemy ship was nothing but space debris. Commander Inkwell and her party of Lieutenants had moved down to the reception dock to meet with the away team. This was the worst part about contracting with humans... talking to them. The reinforced steel aperture opened suddenly, and a loud rush of wind indicated the airlock must have been breached.

"Starbeam, close the airlock now!" Inkwell would not be doing the paperwork if any important paraphernalia was lost.

As Starbeam pulled a lever, the airlock's aperture began to close. But while it was still about 6ft in diameter a scarred, dirty hand inserted what seemed to be a mangled pipe section into the airlock, jamming it. Inkwell watched in horror as a rough four limbed creature pulled itself through the jammed aperture and rolled onto the dock's loading floor. The human was followed by 4 more figures. As the last hauled herself through the door the pipe creaked loudly then bent under the force of the door. The aperture sliced into the woman's left leg halfway up her shin, severing the foot off completely!

Commander Inkwell watched in shock as the woman stood up on her remaining leg, and looked down. The 5 humans erupted into laughter, only shocking her more.

"That's exactly how I lost it the first time, Cap'n!" the woman bellowed.

Cap'n laughed and looked around the loading floor. His eyes stopped on something and he retrieved a disconnected antimatter fuel nozzle and handed it to his one-legged crew member.

"Here, Stella, this should clamp on well."

Stella took the nozzle and fit it on what Inkwell now realized was the remains of a robotic leg. Stella closed the nozzle, clamping it to her stump then placed her weight on it and nodded. Inkwell looked around at the other humans and noticed they all seemed to have certain... enhancements. One had a dark metal cap over one eye, Another had a twisted piece of scrap metal where her hand should be. Inkwell had a feeling these adjunct accessories had been added during the strike on the enemy battleship.

"Inky, good to see ya again." Captain Ulysses said as he sauntered up to the Octavian. "I'd be obliged if next time you'd not close the door on us. Your airlocks take so long to equalize, and time is money you know!"

"Captain Ulysses, you're lucky I do-"

"Speaking of money, I believe you are in my debt?" Ulysses' eyes squinted and his face settled into an easy smile. 

"Yes that will come, but first we need to know how you got into that battleship without the Hares stopping you. And if any escape pods got away." Inkwell didn't want to drag this conversation out any longer than she had to.

"Well the funny thing about the bunny boys is they never expect you to come in at ramming speed with a ship a fraction of their mass. They're funny like that. But we all managed to jump ship in a pod and slow down with some hyperspace parachutes. And most of us were able to crawl into the breach after."

They totaled their ship? What savages! Inkwell realized why they had asked her if she had any ships for sale now. "Very... very well then. And escape pods?"

"Well ma'am my crew is in your airlock right now sitting in all 10 of the elite pods that tanker had. I'm sure your trackers are more than capable of finding any B-class pods?"

Inkwell's beak flew open in surprise. "Ok then... I presume you intended to purchase that cruiser you asked about? I'll deduct the total from your reward... and you can have a 50% discount courtesy of the Octavian people."

Ulysses' face lit up, "You never said it was on SALE! you hear that crew?"

Various yips and yaws filled the chamber, "Ha 50% off just like that rabbit was when he tried to run from Mitch's laser cover." Stella remarked.

Commander Inkwell wondered which route to the cruiser would avoid the most important parts of the ship.