Edited Prompt: Temples are built to birth gods. Gods may leave temples. But they're the only beings we know of that can create miraculous changes in a person's life. 

*THWACK*

*THWACK*

*THWACK-THWACK-THWACK*

The pounding was splitting my head. It certainly woke me up.

The first thing I noticed was the view. It was ,,, spectacular.

I noticed the ape pounding on my Doorway had stopped. It stood back and shook it's head, baring its teeth and snorting, it carried its metal tools back to a shed much larger than my Doorway.

Looking more closely at this freshly-hewn Doorway, I began to notice that the wood was somewhat old, and its design. Well, I've seen other Doorways, and this one seemed to be different. I wasn't sure that this sort of different was my style, but cast the thought aside as I watched the ape.

A handful of years passed.

The ape lived in a small cave made of conifers nearby. 

Each Summer, I would watch as he and his, well I suppose you would call it a family, would busy themselves to all sorts of silly rituals outside. One year he built a toy for his child, using some rope made of decomposed forests, it was called a swing. I found that 
I was often called That Silly Project of Dad's. I liked the name, the way it rolled off the tongue.

Each Winter, I would watch as he performed many more rituals, each night lighting a fire in the cave to warm it. Make no doubt, discerning the purpose of this chemical reaction took quite some time. It was only when I found a frozen homo sapiens during my travels did I finally understand. I far preferred when the pack, I mean family, would sit around the fire. Occasionally there were stories and a warm drink, and it was then I would wrap myself around their home to listen.

It was a beautiful night when the boy, he couldn't have been more than a decade old, came out to my Doorway. He looked up at the stars, just as I had for a few billion years, and told me the story of that day.

His Dad, by my estimation around three decades old or so, had left in one of the whirring contraptions these humans make called an ambulance. I had always thought they were called cars. Sorry, you can see why gods love to hear human stories. 

Dad had left in an ambulance, but he wasn't coming back. 

I went back to watch him leave as soon as I heard the boy's words. I watched that young man, gasping for air in the screaming vehicle, I saw his spirit release from his body, ashamed that I hadn't noticed it was wandering around my temple, lost. I greeted him, and guided him by the shoulders to the time when his son started the story. We cried with his son that night. We cried for centuries together, watching his son telling the story, leaning on my Doorway for support to buttress his tears. I learned his name was James. 
He still visits me from time to time.

The woman raises her children. One day the boy leaves, he's almost two decades old, I think. The girl leaves later, after a few other humans come and go, keeping the fire lit in the home, and still read and watch stories.

Another handful of years passed.

A young man goes walking around my Doorway's grounds, and spends the night next to the doorway. It's the first time a human has slept so close to my Doorway, so out of curiosity, I watch him sleep. His dreams are full of beautiful forests, and homes nestled amongst them. He might be the boy, but older. But then again, he might be another boy. I have a very hard time telling humans apart, if I'm being honest. Now ants? They have a personality! I knew every ant, oak tree, and mycelial network for miles around. 

Anyway.

As the sun rises, the man also does, and he looks at my doorway, and the fur above his eyes crunch together as he walks away.

He comes back with freshly cut oak tree, and begins to the tree that forms my Doorway. The days blur as he chisels, planes, and sands the oaks into a simple Doorway. Simple and beautiful. While I was still admiring it, the man plants a tree right beneath my feet, a strange tree. Not an oak or a conifer. He also says a prayer as he plants it, and the cadence and melody of the prayer lit a fire in me I had never felt. The roots snapped from my feet as I leapt forward, suddenly the man was as small as an ant, while I straddled the canyon. I laughed and ran and laughed until the fire went out, and although I had run in a straight line, I found myself sitting back down at my Doorway, Fine! slouching against it, more like, as I watched the man walk back to the home.

The man busies himself with more human rituals, but stops by at least once each season to say a prayer. Some of those Solstices I run, others I fly, cascade, swim, grow, flow, and soar. They are my favorite days of each year.

A handful of years passed again.

The Solstices are attracting more humans. They drink, play, eat, dance, and tell stories almost until sunrise both around my Doorway and in the home. I find the melodies, flavors, messages, and tonalities are beautiful, and leave me often in tears. Humans have a gift. Do not misunderstand me, they are still less humorous than chickadees, but in their gatherings, I see something remarkable in them, and sometimes in myself as well.

A handful of years passed once more.

The man takes much more time to walk from his home to my Doorway, and this time he leans against it, and tells a story. He is going to leave the home soon in an ambulance, and he might not come back. I follow his every step, looking for what had gone wrong in his simian workings, when I realized I didn't want him to join me yet. I knew he would go exploring, was sure he would visit, but I didn't want him to die.

It took a month to spark the idea that would keep him alive. A month that felt like a decade of hammering flint against steel, if you'll pardon the expression.

But the idea burned into a flame, and he stayed longer, somehow even told more stories now. I spent many more nights wrapped around the home, listening close around the stove.

One more handful of years passed.

The man walked out to my Doorway, and thanked me one last time, bowing. I smiled and let out a single sob. I held his hand all the way back to the house, and picked up his spirit last night, holding it close like a wounded bird all night. His name was David.

He visits from time to time.