"How did you manage to accomplish all this?" he said to me, his lip almost quivering. Was he about to cry? Never thought I'd end up seeing that. 

I slowly and methodically close the logbook in front of me, it's large flat, leather-bound pages fitting together with a satisfying thump. Sighing, I take off my reading glasses and put them on the oaken desk. I've actually been practicing this. I wanted him to really feel the exasperation that so many of us felt.

"Honestly, I wonder how you managed to fuck it up so badly. The tremendous misallocation of raw materials, the oversight, the nebulousness of your overall strategy... were you even thinking when you came up with this?" He shifts uncomfortably in his seat. He hasn't had to answer to anyone in a while, that was for sure.

zero accountability makes for the worst decisions in responsibility.

I take a deep breath. Ever since I started here I've been planning for this moment but seeing him sitting there, sheepishly, like a child... my blood almost boils in my veins.

"First of all, I got rid of your extra dimensional penthouse. I don't understand how you managed observing a material world when your entire operation exists outside of that material world and has no method of interacting with it. I can safely assume from my own experience that you simply didn't do it, because you couldn't. big fucking problem right there. so much fan mail and complaints have been piling up over the years I was forced to take extreme measures.

"All that extra space you had left lying around? yeah I got rid of that. repurposed all the field energy into machines that could sort and answer all of that fucking fan mail. people are now demonstrably happier that they're getting responses from management."

"How about sin?" he said, with a grin. it looks as if he was expecting me to have fun into the same problems he had.

"Well after a major overhaul of the sin-identification system, and some tweaks to the biological properties of animals we completely eliminated it."

"Eliminated it?"

"100% gone. First we got rid of the bloated rules like 'no shellfish' and 'cover a woman's skin' and that made a huge impact on the number of identified offenses. But then I came up with an idea... just make it so they can't sin."

"But that violates their free will!" he looks frightened, almost worried. cute.

"Yeah we investigated that... turns out you had never given them free will in the first place. I mean, you do understand the ramification of a material, clockwork universe, right? but anyway it didn't matter. when I showed up I physically could not fly and that didn't violate my "free will". I just made it so they physically cannot commit crime. they lock up for 10 minutes and go into a meditative trance every time they try."

His jaw almost hits the floor. "I... I had never thought of it that way."

"Yeah it seems like you really didn't think any of this through at all. I mean I broke into your hidden files. your 'Master Plan'? there was no final stage. your fourth bullet point just said 'profit'. Who's profit? Certainly not fucking ours."