The gate was overgrown by vines...it's once illustrious shimmer has been engulfed by erosion. “How did I get here?” she asked herself as she squinted her eyes and moved forward cautiously, noticing a small gap in the old gates. 

She reached in and began pulling on a branch in hopes to force her way through. “Fuck, I am so out of shape. Come on you piece of shit!” Her breathing deepened as she struggled to fit through. The girl paused and took a step back to look at her surroundings. “Why am I even bothering with this? I have no idea where I am….”  

Plopping down onto the ground and leaning against the stone wall, she filled her cheeks with air and gazed at her surroundings. She tore up a bit of grass and stood back up “I guess I’m going that way…” she muttered. 

Her brow furrowed as a fury of loud cracks were let out “God! Damn! Mother! Fucking! Piece! Of…”

So silent…how did he get so close without her realizing? Tall, slender, a sinister grin…the hairs on the back of her neck stood up.

“You couldn’t get through the old gate either, could you?”

Breathing in as she closed her eyes “What gate? I washed up on the shore and have no idea where I am” the vibrato in her voice gave her away.

She turned to look at him “That grin…” she thought, as the muscles in her arms tightened. Letting her breath out while peering at him, she asked “How did you get here?”

“Oh, the first thing I can remember was being in front of that gate” throwing his hinds up in the air.

“Did you see that giant skeleton on the other side? I’ve never seen anything that big before!”

Looking at the tree and seeing its bark chipped away, he went on “Not much use trying to cut down a tree using a branch…How daft are you?” he sniggered.

“About as daft as you are socially aware” she responded as she let her arms relax.

Air rushed by his ear and the stick made a splash in the pond behind him. He didn’t flinch.

 “Why the grimaced look?” he asked, to which she shook her head and rolled her eyes.

“What’s this giant skeleton that you’re going on about?” she let her brow unfurrow and looked at the sky. No stars…no moon…no animals…no hunger…she turned her attention towards him again. He was rambling on about how sacred this place must be because of the giant skeleton. 

There was a strong taste of salt…”How long?” she thought as she wiped her hand across her face, then her jeans.

The girl looked up just as the man touched her forehead as and said “Enough fooling around, Jira. Time to go.”
