“What the hell is going on?” I stumbled backward onto the bed. 
The old teddy bear took a few steps towards me. In this moment I was in such a state of shock that I could not speak. I stared intensely at the soft toy, carefully monitoring its every move. This teddy bear - named ‘Brad’ - I acquired many years ago on my 4th birthday, courtesy of a late family friend. I had played with him regularly as a child, coming up with many an elaborate storyline involving Brad and my other toy animals engaging in risky antics. However, that childlike sense of wonder and imagination had long since disappeared. Right now, in the present moment, I was not in control of the storyline. I felt frightened and powerless. 
“What am I supposed to do?” I uttered hopelessly. 
Brad put his right paw on my knee, 
“Fred, my dear friend, we have known each other for a long time. Let’s be honest, Susie was never right for you. She doesn’t have a bright future, not like you.” Brad spoke softly. 
“What do you mean?” I exclaimed “I thought she was my future. We were planning to move to Canada together to live in a forest hut, like the Ewoks.” A wave of sadness hit me. I buried my head in my arms and started to cry. Brad sat down next to me 
“The thing is, Fred, not everyone thinks and feels the way you do. In time you might understand this. Then again, maybe you won’t. Not everyone is destined to be blissfully happy for the duration of their existence, in fact no one is. You certainly won’t be.” Brad seemed happy about this. Dejected, I replied: “I won’t be happy?” 
Brad continued: “Look at the news, people are destroying the natural habitat that is essential for any living being to exist happily. The cockroaches will be fine of course, but that goes without saying. I mean with regards to the rest of you, humans mainly.” 
I looked out through the window of my room. It was autumn outside, the leaves were changing colours and abandoning the branches that had offered life to them. 
“I don’t understand the point of it all, Brad. This whole life business seems so difficult. Why is it that the things people do make no sense to me? I don’t know if or how I can make a difference to any of what is happening.” I picked up Brad and through him up in the air with some spin so that he flipped over a few times before I caught him again.  He was unfazed, and responded: 
“Fred, you represent the light of this world. All you need to do is keep going. I on the other hand, represent darkness. Without you as a counterbalance, I will cease to exist. This is why I am here, and why I will help you.” We stared out at the world outside, watching the people and cars move around aimlessly, while time continued to move forward. 