When I first saw her I thought: Shit, I think I’ve never seen anyone that cool. 

I sat at the very end of the almost deserted bus I took home from work every evening, when I caught a glimpse of glimmering golden hair with bright blue streaks entering at one of the stops. I’m a blonde-girl kind of guy, so that got me staring, but what made me want to know more about her was that she didn’t even pay the bus toll. It was as if she had just said ‘Fuck you. I’m not paying. I own the world’ to the bus driver and he’d been dumbstruck enough to accept it. Maybe he let it pass because, well, it’s truly a pleasure to the eye to see such a beautiful woman. I don’t know; I just know that that kind of confidence moved me. To my great luck, she sat just two seats in front of me. I had to do it, and I had to do it soon, since my stop was coming near. I started picturing a million ways of how things could go, but I managed to stop my chatty stupid mind, built up whatever courage I had in me—It turns out not much— and stood up. I tried to move my legs but they weren’t functioning. I sat down. Now they were functioning. Oh, fuck off! I thought and stood up again. To calm my nerves and actually be able to move, I took a rather big breath. When I exhaled, a really ridiculous, loud sigh came out of my mouth. Something like “AAEY!”. An old woman, what seemed to be her husband, and a young girl looked back in bewilderment. Even the driver looked at me through the rearview, yet she remained still. Safe. 

Finally, I was an inch from her. 

“Hey,” I said. 
She didn’t look back.
“Um…”
I reached for her shoulder and tapped on it. 
“Holy fuck!” she shouted. I could feel myself blushing. Had I hurt her in any way? I only tapped on her shoulder!
“I’m so sorry!” I said. “I didn’t mean to fuss you.”
She just stared at me, completely silent. 
“Um… Hello?” I said, waving my hand in front of her face.
And out of the blue, she started laughing and crying at the same time.
Great, I thought. You build enough courage to speak to a pretty girl and she’s fucking insane. 
“Tuscany Road,” the speakers in the bus announced. My stop.
“I gotta go,” I said and walked away fast. “Thank you,” I said to the bus driver. He stared at me. 
“Sure, good luck,” he mumbled, whatever he meant. 

It was cold as fuck outside.

“Wait,” said a voice behind me. I turned around to see the beautiful girl from the bus walking towards me.
Shit, I thought. 
“I know what you are thinking,” she said.
“Oh, do you? ‘Cause let me tell you something, I was never the funny guy, and suddenly I just wave my hand at someone and she thinks it’s hilarious? Nah. Uh-oh.”
“It’s not that. It’s just…”
“What?”
“You’re not supposed to be able to see me,” she said. Somehow, it got colder. Chills ran up and down my spine.
“WHAT!?”
“Nobody’s seen me since 1992.”
I had seen plenty of horror movies to know this was not good.
“A-are you a-“
“I’m not a fucking ghost,” she swore. “Or I don’t think so…”
“Then you’re messing with me!” 
“I’m not!” she said. “Come.”

She held my hand. Hers was warm. She couldn’t be a ghost. She walked me towards an Italian restaurant at the corner. The elegant tall host scrutinized me.
“Ask for a table,” she said.
“Hi,” I said.
“Table for one?” he asked.
“Holy cow, you’re serious.”
“I most certainly am, sir,” the tall man said.
“No, not you. I’m not hungry. Thanks.” I grabbed her and walked away.

“It’s true,” I said.
“Very much. But I never died. I’ve been trying to figure it out ever since that day,” she said. 
“Maybe it’s coming off?” I suggested.
“I don’t think so,” she said. “I’ve never been able to reverse it.”
“Reverse what?”
“Ok, I think I know what happened, but I just can’t believe it. It’s the sort of thing you see in movies. I was young and stupid. I was arguing with my mom, and my whole family was lecturing me about something I can’t even remember. I got so mad and ran to my room. I started crying and wished for it.”
“To disappear?”
“To become invisible so they couldn’t lecture me anymore.”
“And you did…”
“And I did,” she said. “They thought I had run away. They called the cops. An amber alert was sent. They all cried for days; mostly mom. And I was there everyday, crying with them. Denying that I had caused it. And then I couldn’t take it anymore. I went away. I figured I had to live with the consequences.”
“But how do you live like this,” I asked her.
“It’s easier than you think. I live in unoccupied apartments, and I steal everything. I’m not proud, but it’s the only way to go,” she said.
It’s not the only way to go,” I said.
“What do you mean?”
“You can live with me,” I said, flat out. I had understood it all as soon as she told me her story, and I didn’t question it.
She looked at me dead in the eye. I could tell she was hiding a smile, that she wanted to say yes but it was an incredibly big step to take considering we had met twenty minutes ago.
“In time,” I added. She laughed.

“Do you want to go for a drink?” I asked her.

She said yes, and six months later, she said yes again. I gave her an engagement ring. For obvious reasons, we couldn’t get officially married, but we were. 
It wasn’t until our honey moon that I told her I knew why I was the only one capable of seeing her. 
See, a day before I met her, I wished to meet the love of my life, and every morning I see her, I still think: Shit, I think I’ve never seen anyone that cool.
