Once again, I'm sitting on the cold sidewalk corner outside that Walgreens peddling for some emotion. I come here often, the whole neighborhood knows of my disability. I'm always asking for a feeling, any feeling, with tears running down my face and paranoia choking back the words in my throat. They always ask me why a life with just other people's sadness and fears is a life worth living, and I tell them the exact same thing: I want to feel something. I want to know how life is supposed to make me feel, even if all they can spare me are the negatives. 

Out of pity, they donate their useless emotions like chump change-- how they felt when a parent forgot a birthday party, a funeral for their grandfather who died of a heart attack too soon, or when they were left alone in that dark alley in the sketchiest part of town. But one day, a man walked up to me reading the sign aloud, "I want to feel. Spare any emotion. God Bless." Without a word, he reached into the back pocket of his tailored suit and pulled out a clean leather-bound wallet. He pulled out an emotion without looking like it didn't matter which one he was throwing, and passed on the shiniest one I had ever seen. It illuminated the box until it slowly faded and entered my brain. For the first time in my life, I smiled. 

I felt happiness. I felt satisfied and contentment. The tears are my face were still there, but they didn't feel as salty as they used to. They felt sweeter somehow. They felt the happiness too. The man walked away before I could thank him, but I tried to focus on this emotion. This was the better part of life. The happier part. Eventually, I started to see the memory in my mind. I was about to locate the source of this immense happiness. A man as rich as this must have been having the best day of his life. Why would he pass it to a peasant like me?

The memory was on a bright Summer day. The sidewalk was blinding from the sunlight, and on it was the man standing in front of another man in an apron. The man, in a different suit this time, was standing with something strange in his mouth. The memory was still blurry as I tried to focus on the object. He didn't look as happy as I did when I received this feeling, but he was smiling nonetheless. 

And then, suddenly, I saw the object of our happiness, and I immediately understood why he gave me this memory. This memory was just as mundane as most of theirs are. He didn't appreciate the happiness as much as the donators like him fear the sadness. In his mouth was a red hot dog. The wiener filling his stomach like every other Monday, but filling me with a happiness I would never see again.