"You're... You're Superguy!" A teenage girl in the parking lot said, her friends giggled.

Jason gave them an embarrassed wave and kept walking. "I'm just going out to get some groceries" he mumbled.

Almost to the grocery store door, Jason sighed when he saw a police officer running up to him.

"Superguy, I'm glad I found you in time." the officer said.

Jason half heartedly reached out for the door, knowing that he would not get a chance to enter. Again.
"I really just want to get some groceries" he said, already resigned to the inevitable response.

"There's no time for that," the officer said (Jason mouthed the words as the officer said them).
"A villian has taken over the bank on Fifth Street. She has hostages. We need your help."

"The police need *my* help? But I'm just a guy" Jason said, going through the motions. He still had no idea why people thought he was a superhero.

"Don't be modest, sir." The officer said. "The way you took down The Butcher last week was incredible. And The Viper just yesterday..."

"But they just surrendered as soon as I got there."

"Exactly! After resisting the full police force, tear gas, snipers, they surrendered to you! You're amazing."

"I'm hungry." Jason said, his stomach grumbling.

"Come on," the officer said. "I'll take you there on my car. It would be an honour."

Jason sighed and took one last mournful look at the grocery store. "Alright," he said. "Let's go."

----

Jason arrived at the bank. The officers there opened the police tape and barracades for him. He thought he saw one or two of them bow to him. This was getting out of control.

"Good day, officers." he said.

"Superguy," their leader said. "We're so glad you came. There's a-"

Jason held up his hand. "I know, I know. Villian. In the bank. Hostages." He said. Might as well play the part now that he was here.

Jason strode with mock confidence up to the bank doors and walked inside.

There, he saw a bewildered looking woman in jeans and a t shirt. She was surrounded by cowering bank employees and crying customers.

"But I just wanted to make a deposit," the bewildered woman was saying to the bank manager.

The bank manager, hiding under his desk, said. "Please, take whatever you want, just don't hurt anyone."

Jason coughed. The woman turned and looked at him.

"Who are you?" the woman said.

Jason stammered. This is usually the point where the bad guy surrenders.

"Um... I'm Superguy? Uh... Surrender now, before I, um, just surrender, ok?" Jason said.

The woman stared at Jason. "But I haven't done anything." She waved her arms around, motioning toward the cowering people. "They all just started freaking out and crying, like---"

"Superguy!" One of the cowering people said. "Thank goodness! We're saved."

Jason rolled his eyes. "Alright, you're coming with me" Jason said to the woman.

"But I---" 

"Just play along," Jason whispered.

He took the woman by the shoulder and lead her toward the back of the bank.

"There's a rear door exit back here," he whispered. "You want to go grab a bite to eat?"

The woman looked around. "And maybe a drink..." she said.

"Definitely." Jason said, smiling for the first time in weeks. "Let's go."