James and Charlie sat in the falling snow, staring up at the infinite clouds and squinting through the thick fog. 

"Glad the weather is so bad tonight. Means Rudolph will be working harder tonight. Easier to spot in the sky," Charlie said. The rifle glinted in whatever light the moon was merciful enough to give them. 

"You sure it's Christmas? I mean when was the last time we had a calendar," James said shivering. This time of night they would usually be in the cabin, burning whatever wood they could gather that evening, playing with their kids and spending the night with their wives. 

"Absolutely.  The solstice was 4 nights ago. I've kept count."

"You sure it's not evil. Ya know...killing Santa."

"Not anymore more evil than Santa himself. Douche has a bag that can dispense anything and he only uses it for others once a year."  Charlie was getting annoyed with James. Who cares if it's evil? They needed to keep warm. They had their own people back at the cabin. Doing something evil is okay as long as it's for someone else, right?

They sat in silence for hours in the silence. James was thinking about how he was going to explain to his children that Santa is gone. Charlie went from watching the eye to checking his rifle. He only had one shot to nail his target. He had no idea if it that would be enough to down the sleigh. It would have been easier to wait for him to land, but neither James nor Charlie wanted to look into Santa's eyes and pull the trigger. 

Then hope flashed across the sky. The red glint got closer and closer. Charlie shouldered the rifle and aimed down the sights. 

The silent night was broken with a terrible sound. The jolly sleigh banked to the right and then fell. The sack of toys spilled out thousands of gifts and goodies. The shot had hit Donner, its lifeless body pulled the rest of it to the ground. 

Charlie stood above the crater. James walked from reindeer to reindeer, putting the broken animals out of their misery. 

They both found themselves sitting on the remnants of the massive sleigh, looking down the the fat man as he watched the sky move. The two kept away from his toy-bag. Felt wrong to go through it while he was still breathing. 

"I was coming to take you to them," Santa said, gritting through the pain of the shattered ribs. 

"Why couldn't you just share?" Charlie asked remorsefully. 

"There are so many more up north. Took me time to build you homes. I was coming to take you to them."

James hopped up and leaned down to grab Santa by his collar. "You built us homes? How can we get there now? How can we save our families? Tell me! Tell me you stupid, fat bastard!"

Santa's eyes went glassy. "Merry Christmas to all...to all a good...". A death rattle cut him off. 

Then it all turned to snow. Santa and his red coat. The sleigh and the reindeer. The sack, which seemed full and heavy, exploded into white powder and drifted away in the wind. 

"What do we do now," James asked, still holding onto the snow that was once Santa. 

Charlie pulled out the compass he kept in his left-breast pocket. 

"I guess we go back to our cabin, and get a nights rest. Tomorrow we start our journey."

"Our journey where?"

Charlie tossed his compass towards his friend.

"North."