Our society was a bit different from the rest of the world. As we never died, there was no reason to fight each other. As we didn't need food nor water, at least not to live, there was no reason to discuss who was the leader of who, or who owned which land. 
Instead we all did what we wanted to do, shared our knowledge with each other, after all we were few. A new Immortal was born once every millinia or so, but we did not distinguish by age. Does it really madder if you're ten or fifty millinia old?

There where but few rules: Do not change intefere too much with mortals, and only share technology they're to discove in the next decade, the city of immortals was placed underwater, as to hide ourselves.
These rules had been accepted but a few millinia before my birth, while the mammoths still walked the earth, at the time there was not many, at least not of homo sapiens, and whilde we are the most numorous single human race today, most mortals are still of other genetic trees. Today the immortals count a few hundreds. And I must say, that I always found the rules boring: Why should I not change history? Wasn't that the power I had been granted?

So I began in the small, teaching the mortals of fire. A millinia went by before my schackles had rusted up, and I could finally escape from having my liver eaten every night. A millinia wasn't a long punishment, so I continued sharing a bit more than they wanted me to, a wheel here, a tool there. And I continued being punished, Longer and Longer I had to be jailed.

That's when I realized something smart: If I was famous, the mortals would hold large ceromonies for me when I died, allowing me to escape in the confusion!

I began in greece, where I became a philossipher, sharing the imortals ideas of society, along with stories from my life, hidden as "myths", of names I'd been using in the past, and the city under the sea. When I started to notice other immortals around me, I slowly tried to take power, not become a ruler, but to be executed. I was sucessfull, and I ended up dinking poison, allowing me, I thought, to escape.

Telling the stories of the past turned out to be a grave mistake, as it made me easy to find. 
And being easy to find, they restricted me again, this time, I escaped after a few centuries.

When I escaped I saw a bright star, and went into the hut underneath it. A child was born there, and when he was 15 I took his place. And here I really outdid myself.

Instead of telling tales of yore, I started a new religion. Using our tools for quickly making wine, and showing off some cool medicine, I made the mortals belive I was of another world. I went as far, as to challenge the king, and as planned he could not let me gain more power, so he ''Did me off'', I woke up a few days later, ine some grotto, and fled before the likes of myself would show up, but after I had impressed some mortals with my ability to breath.

Then I spread the Idea of myself throughout the world, however the other immortals had become so mad, that they created their own religion, making the mortals war each other over who to belive. So I gave up on relligion after that. If you can only captivate a third of all mortals, then what's the point?

It made me quite happy, I had made the other immortals take part in history, so I went off for a while. At the city of immortals, I wen't into art, and spend a century or two, learning to do realistic paintings. That at least was my official explanation, I spend around half the time learning to do disguises, so I could better hide myself the next time I'd show up.

I wen't up north for the first time, to make myself stand out, just enought to be recognized by the northernes, but not by the council, I painted a tooth blue, and decided to give the whole: ''Convert people to the belief of yourself'' another go, and I was lucky enough, that the norse tounge was very different from the ones around it. I died in a rather fun way: My ''Son'' shot me in the but while we where fighting on opposite sites.

Another half millinia passed, and I decided that the religous leaders had misshaped my rather new message, so I put up 95 sentences on some door, and watched as the european world started fighting itself. 

Next thing I remember I was hunted, this time not by the immortals who was mad at me, but by the mortals that had seen how hard I was to kill. This went on for a century or two in europe, so I traveled west, where I saw what untainted mortals looked like. And I must admit: I was very impressed. They haven't done much in the way of chemistry, and never heard of gunpowder, but it was quite fun to pretend being their leader for a little while, untill the europeans came, most likely guided by the map's I'd left at some desk.

All of a sudden stuff started moving quickly. And I ended up spending a few generations as a slave. After growing tired of that life, I took a rather recent name, added ''King'' to the end and stopped slavery, because why not? And lucky me, somebody came up and shot me, so I even had an easy way out. 

Ever since then I've been trying to get my hand's on the fusion technology, from the immortal city. Sadly it turns out that I'm not trusted anymore, so it turns getting that tech might take some time. I did find the hydrogen inlet, so I'm thinking about looking the the reactor, from the inside...