The pain is intense, more intense than anything I have ever felt before, the blinding white light searing into the back of my eyes no matter how tightly I shut them.  
  
The roaring in my ears is deafening, like a thousand cracks of thunder all at once.    
  
I'm numb.  
  
It's been a few minutes now, probably, I can't keep track but the pain is subsiding.  
  
I open my eyes, I'm still seeing spots but at least the pain is gone, shouldn't the door have opened by now, I fumble around for the manual release and open the doors.  
  
They open with a hiss and a crunch, air whooshes into the chamber and the smell hits me, it's vile, like nothing I have smelled before.  
  
Something is wrong, very fucking wrong.  My ears are still ringing but it's slowly fading, I hear crackling.
  
I get up and step out and as my vision clears, the room is lit by emergency lights but I see them, all of the people, all of them dead.  
  
The equipment is trashed, sparks are flying from a nearby panel, who had done this, this is insane, it can't be happening.  
  
A feeling of dread creeps over me and I slowly turn around, the machine, my only way back, it's trashed too, I'm stuck in hell.  
  
A bright flash of light hits me again the roaring sound returns and I drop to my knees, its loud but not as strong as before, then I hear them:  
  
"Whats wrong with him?"  
"I don't know, is he breathing?"  
"CAN YOU HEAR ME..."  
  
The light fades and the roaring and voices disappear, what the fuck is happening.  I get up from my knees and turn back around, thats when I see it, written on the wall "SORRY".  
  
Who is sorry, what are they sorry for, is it for me, do I know that handwriting?  I start to walk to towards the wall, I can't tell you why, I just need to get closer.  
  
A loud thunder crack, another flash of light.  
  
The sounds are different this time, gun fire, shouts, I don't recognize the language, roaring again but its different, further away.  
  
The light fades and I'm aware of where I am again, did I go somewhere?  A fog has descended around my thoughts, I can't focus.  
  
I look at the wall, the letters they seem strange now, like they are fading in and out, it's not just the letters, the room pulses, dark to light, the bodies look like they are moving around, but it's their faces I focus on, they look so scared, confused.  
  
Suddenly everything returns to normal, as normal as a room full of dead people can be, the letters are solid again.  
  
I keep walking towards the writing, I feel like it's important, if I can get to it, it will explain everything to me.    
  
I try not to look at the bodies around the room, I'm fighting the urge to vomit.  
  
I take another couple of steps and my brain explodes again, I manage to stay up right this time:  
  
"He's coming round"   
"What are you talking about?"  
"CALM DOWN, PUT IT DOWN"  
  
"You don't understand" I hear myself say.  
  
I'm nearly at the wall now, what is that, is that blood?  
  
Where are those voices coming from, I feel like they are talking to me, I should be terrified, I'm stuck in hell but I feel calm.  
  
Something feels different now, I remember something, something that hasn't happened yet, I need to stop them, stop them all, they will take it and it will be the end.  
  
"PLEASE DONT"  
  
I spin around, there's no one there, no one alive anyway.  
  
I get to the wall, I put my hand up to touch the letters and that's when I see it, my hands, they are covered in blood.  
  
More memories now, soldiers, war, destruction.  It's like trying remember a dream, the emotions are strong but the images are not.  Fear and panic hits me.  
  
"I have to destroy it, it's the only way" I say.  
  
This is a dream, it has to be.  
  
I feel the weight of something heavy in my hands.  Screams, gun shots.  
  
It fades away but I look to my left, a gun lays on the floor.  
  
"I'm sorry" I whisper.  
  
It echoes in my head as I say it, like I've said it a thousand times.  
  
I look at the body next to the gun, now I understand.  
  
I open my eyes, the light is bright and I'm surrounded by people.  
  
"He's coming round" I hear one of them say.    
  
I see it above me, in the holster on his belt, I reach up and take it.  
