&#x200B;

Muffled whispers surround me as a set of hands unwrap the thick layers of gauze and bandages that cover my face. Even though I cannot see, I know that anxiety coats the room like a wet blanket. This is the first surgery of it’s kind, performed on me -- a twenty year old woman. I know that however this operation goes could decide the fate for the future of mankind.

Years ago, a plague set upon the world. A plague upon the infants -- those born from around the year 1997 and later were born without the ability to see. Some of us were lucky -- having been born with eyes that were just not functional, however, majority of humans born past 2000 were simply born with nothing at all, skin that smoothes from the eyebrow down, eye holes looked like part of the cheek. No indentions, no hole for eyes. We are all born without Sight. The problem is gradually getting worse -- doctors are predicting there will be complete eradication of all facial features by the year 2030. This plague has caused the entire world to come to a pause. People are stopping having children, abortion rates have quadrupled, and entire populations are coming to a screeching halt. We are the Children Who Cannot See.

The whispers grow louder and eventually become conversation.

“Can she see? What if this fails?”

“Dr. Anderson, any words you’d like to say before the big reveal?”

“The future of humanity is held in the hands of this child. What happens if she cannot withstand the pressure?”

“Give my child to him! Give my child to him! My baby deserves this! Why did she get to have it?”

I hear wailing, shouting, murmuring, weeping. I hear anticipation.

My stomach churns.

My generation has starved the earth for food, water, and shelter. We cannot work, and it is too expensive for governments to provide education for the blind. Many of us are mute -- haven’t learned how to speak or read or write. Many countries have declared states of emergency, the majority of Western Europe has input a “Baby Ban”, providing free sterilizations for their citizens. No more children. We have been spit on, beaten, and murdered for our existence. We are ending humanity. Believers say we are the devil’s work. God sent down another set of plagues, that Allah is condemning the Seers for their sins. I was chosen out of millions. It is my duty to see for all those who cannot, and I was chosen. *God, why was I chosen.*

I feel a body lean close to mine. In my ear I hear a whisper from Dr. Anderson.

“I know it’s always been in you.

I know in the deepest of my heart it is up to you to provide.

Remember, dear child,

See with your ears, and never your eyes.”

The unwrapping stops and I can feel flourescent hospital lights shine on the top of my forehead.

I had been blind for my entire life, but my mother had always told me I had the strangest golden eyes. No one assumed I was even without sight -- maybe I had missed the cutoff, my mom hadn’t been affected by the plague yet, my dad not affected with the illness. But alas, as soon as they tested me when I came out of my mother’s womb, sightless. My mother immediately took me to an old friend of hers, William Anderson. He had also been an optometrist for a period of time in his early physician career, so he attempted to work with me since birth. When my mother and I arrived to his home in San Francisco, he was studying something widely criticized at the time -- a form of sense control. He believed that one person could, if given the correct scientific circumstances, control the senses of another -- or possibly many more people. His theory was laughed at and tossed aside, but my mother, the head psychology professor at Berkeley, supported him from the beginning.

Dr. Anderson continued to talk out of earshot of the public.

“All of the Sightless rely on you now.

Lead them where they need to be,

And do not be swayed by those who can See.”

His breath was so close I could feel the hairs of his mustache on my ear.

“They do not know what you’re capable of as of now. Your mother and I must run and hide. I will not be able to see you for some time, little one.”

My body tensed. Why could I not see them? They’re all I have! Who will protect me?

Dr. Anderson felt me start to sit up and he shoved my shoulder down onto the bed.

“Don’t say a word. It is all on you now. But I have known it has been all on you since the beginning, Golden Eyes.”

His mustachioed lips tenderly kissed my forehead. I felt his presence leave me as a cold gust of air hit me where his body used to be.

I took a deep breath, and I opened my eyes.