A sudden rush of warmth filled all voids of this body! The steel of the bullet has shattered the front of the skull into a million little pieces. There is no way back from here. As the brain scrambled to keep itself intact, it revisited every memory, every sensation, every event since a few days after the birth of the little boy. War has made him into a fighter at age seven. Now at age eleven, he has loved and lost many times; a mom, a dad and, recently, a little sister. Many of his younger friends play in the nearby school-yard, he liked watching them and watching over them. But he is now sick of it all and ready to let go. 

As all activity of the body seized, he realised that he is becoming free! it is not the end he was wishing for at all! He tried to shout as chills went through what had been his spine for a while. The body did not respond. He tried to move arms, legs, breath... nothing. With no sense of passing time, it might have been hours, days or years of unsuccessful trials to make a move. There was no response. This body is diffidently dead and no one cares enough to bury it. 

Suddenly, a crack of light opened up... he felt a clear rush of light like no other that he could remember. It was as if he had been living in the dark all his life and then saw light for the first time. A new warmth sensation filled his body... the real body that is. He was able to move, but only slightly. Wiggling his way out, he realised that he has no arms or legs anymore, but he has found a new level of flexibility. As he moved forward, the ever brighter light seemed all too familiar for once! 

At one stage, he fell a dozen centimetres or so.. not hurt at all. He landed in what felt like water which weirdly covered his entire body. Still cannot see or move properly, he though to himself "water is life, isn't it?". He remembered his "mom\aunt" saying that. He damned his fate one last time before becoming completely apathetic. 

The blood stream flew from the boys head to a nearby puddle of what is essentially liquid waste. The flow carried the little "boy" into the puddle, where he stayed for some time. A sudden ripple in water and he was scoped out and given as life saving water drink to the girl infant who was born prematurely and needed instant hydration. It all became familiar again for the little "boy", he has done this many many times before. This is a new beginning, a new dawn. This time, it will be different.