"What is this?" Hodr asked. His piercing blue eyes fixed above the item Low-Key had just handed him.

"It's a spear, of course." Low-Key muttered. The urge to laugh held at bay by a silent chuckle. Blind fool. He thought to himself.

"Why have you given me a spear? One made of wood... are these berries?" he asked. His fingers sticking to each other. The seeds and juice from the freshly crushed bunch of berries spread slowly, covering his hand.

"It's all in good fun, Hodr. Join in the games. You know that nothing can harm Baldr." He said. The mischievous smile unfurled across his face.

"I would not be able to face father if I miss..." Hodr said, his face contorting with each word. Still such a proud warrior.

"I will guide your throw, brother. Your spear will strike true, I swear it." The kind words spoken through curled lips and wide eyes were sweet and reassuring. Hodr nodded and took up the spear.

"Point me in the right direction, brother." Hodr said completely unaware of what was about to happen. Low-Key, lined his blind brother up with Baldr, gave him instructions of distance and elevation, Hodr needed little else. He may have been blind, but his skills were still sharp. Low-Key leaned in and whispered,

"Let this spear fly true." licking his lips, he could hardly wait. Hodr's body shifted into a throwing stance, his form was perfect. He took two steps forward and his powerful arm loosed the spear. Its flight was un-arched. His power was obvious. Low-Key's eyes grew wider and wider as the spear of mistletoe drew closer and closer to Baldr. His growing smile threatened to tear his face in twain. The tip of the spear finally reached Baldr, it bit into his chest. Sinking deeper and deeper. The once confident face of Baldr was replaced by shock as the spear dug into him. Low-Key watched as the tail end spear reached his chest and exploded into a white cloud of cream. The sound of a tin pie pan clanging against the marble floors of the great hall echoed through the room. Then there was nothing. The silence was deafening. Low-Key's eyes shot left and right as the rest of the great hall took in what had just happened.

"Who threw that!" Baldr yelled, his failed attempts to clean the cream from his face only adding to his anger. The room burst into laughter as Low-Key, Norse God of Really Subtle Mischief exited the great hall unseen.