First submission- I'll throw in a trigger warning for content.


There she stood. I couldn't bear to look at her and certainly hadn't anticipated seeing her bathed in such vibrant light. Her wounds, the gash along her cheek almost seemed to sizzle. Feeling the dread well up inside me, I turned away. 

She faltered in her amateur limp towards me. Her face glistened with sweat and tears through the layers of caked blood. 

'By the home.' 

I knew what she meant but feigned ignorance.

'By the home. Not the bathtub, not dissolved. Buried. Not deep.' It was a struggle for her to form the words. 

I motioned to show that I couldn't understand her and she burbled a slow, wailing cry. She raised her voice and pointed first at herself and then at me. 'Cough syrup. Was being too loud. Couldn't let him in.'

My stomach churned. I had expected to meet my abuser, to snidely remark that I was confident and he couldn't hurt me anymore. I didn't expect to remember. The room where I spent the hours before my husband returned home from work attempting to help my suffering child through a cold. My son was too sick. His coughing was deep and hoarse. Too loud. I tried to press my eyelids shut to block out what he did.

'Cough syrup.' She triumphantly stated.

My mind raced to remember waking up, catching sight of the bottle he had emptied lying on the floor. I saw him lay my son down, not trying to expel the toxic medicine from his stomach. I couldn't do it. I couldn't re-watch this. 

I looked at my self and confirmed my knuckles were bloody and bruised. I looked at my own pale hands and felt the pain of hammering my fists against his side. He had thrown me off, he was stronger.

My self tried to speak. 'Outside the house. Outside the house! Outside the house!' Her voice rose in a frenzy and she stamped her feet in bitter anger. 'Tell someone! You must tell someone!'

Who was I to tell? 'You're dead. You're in heaven.'

She nodded in understanding and again thrust her finger towards me.

'I'm dead. I am in heaven. I can't help you.'

Her face fell and the tears streamed from her eyes.
