Kevin's eyes shone with steel-like confidence. His knee never bounced, his hands never waivered. What he'd delivered was the greatest thing to hit Hollywood in 30 years, if you'd asked him his opinion, thank you very much. It would break genres, catch the critics by storm, maybe even net an Oscar! The possibilities were endless! 

Of course, that's the stuff hopes and dreams are made of, but Steven didn't deal in hopes and dreams. As he folded the final page back, having travailed the eye sore his friend had brought to him as though it were a holy text, he sighed in relief, liked up from good his prison and quietly inquired, "So you wrote all of this?"

Kevin nodded excitedly. 

He couldn't just kill this man's delusions of grandeur right off, but there was no inching this bandaid away. He took off his glasses, massaged his brow and plead, "You can't be serious, Kev. I mean..."

"It's Footloose and Tremors!" Kevin exclaimed, thrusting his body forward in his chair, his hands opened excitedly as though bearing up the awesomnity of his idea. 

"I know, but..." words escaped him. 

"No no no, just think about it...."

"I have, Kev..."

"But reboots are all the rage now, Steve! I mean, Ninja Turtles, Transformers..."

"Yes, both Bay productions. You really want to be compared to that? Because that's where this is going."

"But we'd be genre breaking!" Kevin jumped from his seat and continued, brushing his hair aside in frustration at his friend's inability to see the genius in it all.  "Ahead of the curve. We'd get two audiences wanting to see the same movie - I mean, isn't that what this is about?"

Steven gave him a sideways look. "And it just so happens that you were the star in both of these original productions..."

Kevin sheepishly replied, "Well, you write what you know."

There was a long, silent pause in the room. Neither man could seem to get the other on board with his thoughts. It was a stale mate, and someone had to walk away. 

Steven put the manuscript on his desk and pushed it Kevin's way. "Listen, I know you're hard up for work..."

Kevin flopped back into the chair, defeated. "People don't even know me anymore. I walked into a Dennys the other day, and someone thought I was Bon Jovi."

"I'm sorry, but I just can't put my name on this. It's terrible."

A flicker of hope lit in Kevin's eyes. "What about those Sharknado movies? They made tons of money, so maybe..."

Steven scoffed,  "Yeah that's exactly what I want to see: The Sharknado of Steven Spielberg."

As the hope died in Kevin's eyes, rage resurrected, and he burst from his chair and snatched up his life's work. As he huffed and once again pushed the hair from his face, he looked Steven in the eyes, rolled up the manuscript and pointed it at his nose and said coldly,  "I'll bet Michael Bay makes a mint on this." His feet couldn't take him quick enough, nor could the door slam any harder as he exited.

A year later, Kevin Bacon won an Oscar for best actor in a screenplay and Micheal Bay became the most sought after director/producer in Hollywood. 

And that's the story of why Steven Spielberg retired from film.