I ran upstairs and past my friends, into the nearest room. What had I gotten myself into?! The ceiling cracked and bursted, allowing a hulking pig beast to drop in. I ran back out the door, screaming at my friends to run away, as the beast broke the door off its hinges. I drew my sword and straightened my back. Social studies is the worst.

*Record scratch*

This, is me. You're probably wondering how a skinny and completely average person like me ended up here. It all started 5 minutes ago.....

5 MINUTES EARLIER:

"Yo dude, Mr Neumann's asleep!" I said as I sat in my social studies class. I turned to Alex, but he wasn't next to me, I blinked twice. My school had become a hall. Granted, a school is already made up of halls, but that's going off on a tangent. This hall, was an enormous marble structure, shaped like a glorified triangle.

"Hello?" My voice echoed. "Alex? Jackson? Sean?" Nobody responded. 

A hologram of a short man wearing a black cloak appeared in front of me. 

"QEXecUte ordEr, UUUUHHH, 66!" Said the hologram, holding a phone in his hand.

"Do you want fries with that, sir?" Croaked a crackling voice from the phone. 

"NO I DO NOT WANT FRIES! I HATE FRI- oh you're here!" The hologram said, throwing the phone out of existence. 

"Welcome to the hall of heroes! A place where you don't get to choose your weapon, no matter how shitty the one you receive may be!" Said the hologram

"Okay? What do I do?" I asked the hologram.

"I dunno, it'll call you I guess. I'm hungry for a Big Mac so you figure it out by yourself" answered the hologram as it sat down and ate a burger.

"Fine then." I responded, walking down the hall. Weapons were randomly strewn about, Excalibur stuck in its stone, Mjlonir laying on the ground, and even a red blade that looked like a half a pair of scissors. I kept walking, many weapons calling to me as I did so. A ginormous blade with flesh stuck to it called me, asking me grab its handle. An eye opened up on the hilt, I kept walking. Bows, guns, naginatas, maces, all the weapons you'd need in a lifetime. Hell, even shields were leaning on pillars, some cool looking, others, (like the one with the screaming face on it) were downright terrifying.

I kept a steady pace until a high, robotic voice began speaking. "Master, I recommend you head north towards me, you seem to be heading in the wrong direction." 

I turned to my left and saw it. A beam of light shone down on it, the blade a slightly rusted sliver, the handle a deep purple. Its brilliance shone like a rainbow in a black and white movie. It was the blade of evil's bane, forged in the three sacred flames and blessed by the goddess Hylia herself. The blade that has slain gods, demons, and monsters alike, and that has been wielded by heroes throughout the ages. I stepped onto the pedestal it resided in, and reached out for it. Music began playing. I stopped and took a step back, the music reversed and ended. I took a step forward and grabbed its handle, music chimed in once again and choruses began singing. I pulled it out and stared blankly, wondering about the possibilities this weapon held. A voice shot through the silence. 

"Master, if you keep staring, there is an 81.0000006% chance that the world will be taken over."
I rolled my eyes, that's the one downside to this sword.

The Master Sword.