"Come *on*, Rudy!" the gang cried out as they darted through the snowdrifts, big plumes of whiteness blossoming behind their flying figures.  
Rudy grunted and forced herself through the knee-high snow, her face red with exehasturbation, beads of sweat forming on her forehead under her woolly, thick hood.

"Another blizzard is coming in!" The voice of Don could be heard from many feet above the snowbound group.  
"Y'all better get to moving your butts or it'll bury ya!"

The gang took off, leaving Rudy behind. She was the only one incapable of flight and while the others had spent the afternoon sweeping a few feet above the snowdrifts, like swallows in play, now the mood had changed and matter had become serious. They needed to get to work.

Rudy craned her neck and looked up at them as they whirled through the sky, her family, her friends.  
They were beautiful to look at, up there, soaring and twirling, making and breaking formations.  
Rudy was just Rudy. Landbound, last one in, forever the rotten egg.

Dash was suddenly beside her, hovering just above the snow, keeping pace with Rudy as she worked her way through the drifts.

"We can't carry you, Rudy."

"I know," she huffed.

"Pran thinks she can do a little bending... y'know, coerce time and space in the vally to get us a little closer to home."

"That would be nice," puffed Rudy. Dash shot off and returned to the gang in the sky, their formation moving slowly ahead.  
They won't leave me, Rudy thought to herself. We're family, they won't leave me behind.

When the blizzard descended on the valley, it came down hard, dark and all-engulfing, like the wrath of winter himself. The world turned black and stinging and chaotic. Rudy was alone, the others had flown ahead, away, to wherever.  
But Rudy kept on moving. 

One foot took the other, and this is how progress was made. This is a universal truth and it was a truth Rudy believed in. So she kept moving.  
Even if she had tried to look for the others or listen for their cries, it would have been impossible. The blizzard was roaring, drowning out all noise.

"Bastard blizzard," groaned Rudy. "Kicking a girl while she's down, whydontcha?"


She clenched her fists. Then she unclenched them. They felt warm in her thick gloves. Like the warmth was fueled by her temperament and her foul mood. She clenched her fists into hard, hot balls of anger and she pressed forward. Painfully, she unclenched and shook her hands, then she interlocked her fingers, stretched them all the way out and cracked her knuckles.

And both of her hands lit up like new-born stars.

The darkness of the blizzard drew away from Rudy as if recoiling in fear and Rudy, too tired and too driven to be amazed at her glowing fists, kept on trudging.

"...Rudy?" a choir of tiny voices could be heard, muffled but audible somewhere behind her. Rudy kept moving forward, radiant light surrounding her, blasting away the darkness, a defiant glow in the eye of the storm.

Rudy, with her glowing fist, moved herself against the heavy snowdrifts, in her trail, the gang, her friends, her magical family, followed. Bound to ground by the terrible blizzard, they had tried to seek shelter in the snowdrifts, burrowing themselves deep and huddled to keep warm.  
Now they meekly and weakly followed their determined sister through the dark and the snow. 

"She glows!" - "She's beautiful!" - "We're gonna make it!"

As the gang made their way out of the blizzard and with home in sight, everyone agreed to never leave Rudy behind, ever again. With her fists so bright, she had guided the group that night. They all praised her with glee and Rudy's deeds did, in fact, go down in history. 

Rudy didn't care much. She had learned something important out there in the snow.

One foot in front of the other. Family and friends are a magical thing, but in the end you must carry yourself. Make a trail. Light a path. Follow your own, shiny nose. 

Merry Christmas. 