"Ok, so, first I guess thank you for agreeing to this call, I-"

"Safer for both of us, heh heh," I interrupted, laughing nervously.

"Hah yes I suppose so," responded Captain Awesome. He sounded just as wholesome and all American as he did in all those PSA's.

There was an awkward pause. "So..."

"So..."

"I'm just going to come out and say it, the last time we met, my behavior was..."

"Yeah really there's no need to-"

"Inappropriate. And embarrassing. And I assure you, entirely out of character for-"

More nervous laughter from me. 

"Listen, uh, Captain Awesome? There's no need to explain. Really. I was trying to follow your advice, after you and Badgerman paid me that visit? Which, you know, again, I'm sorry about that, I didn't know Badgerman was really Brant Wren, ok? Or else I never would have made him donate-" I took a deep breath. "I was trying something new. You said, 'try to spread love.' So. I mean you do understand my power, right?"

"I think so, yes."

"So, you said to spread the love. The problem is, I don't really feel a lot of love. I'm kind of angry, actually. I look at the world and I just..."

I paused. I had taken my phone out to the middle of a field in the park, but apparently not far enough. Somewhere, on a path somewhere in the nearby scrub forest, a couple began screaming at each other. I took a deep breath. 

"So, I took some MDMA."

"You did what!?! Illegal drugs are-"

"Oh spare me the boyscout routine" I watched you do lines off of Badgermans-"

"Oohhhhkay then!" He replied, his discomfort finally breaking his persona. Ooohhhkay. Ok. Look. I can. Um. Appreciate your, uh, your intent." He was getting back into charachter now. "But obviously, we can't just have you out there doing-"

"Don't worry, I'm not going to do that again."

"Well, yes, good, but I'm afraid that won't be sufficient. You're ability, it's just too dangerous. We're going to have to take you into custody."

Now my laughter was genuine. "Saywhatnow?"

"Yes, well, the Hero's Council has voted on this and we feel it's the only real-"

"Look," I said, trying to keep myself calm. "I don't fancy myself a supervillain, ok? I'm just trying to, you know, be a guy. A guy who makes people feel what I feel, but a guy. I try to do good with it. Sometimes I fuck it up. But, if you think I'm going to let you just-"

"May I remind you that I've been deputized by the UN special committee on transhuman person's as a-"


This fucking guy. Ugh. 

"Ok, listen. I hear you, but No. I'm not going to let you take me in. Hard pass."

"If you resist, I'll be forced to-"

"I'm smoking a bowl right now." I was, too. The couple stopped shouting in the distance. "If you get near me you're going to think I'm a purple dragon before collapsing into a pile of existential dread."

"Badgerman will-"

"Yeah, I forgot, a GAY pile of existential dread." Now I was really laughing. This was some good weed. 

"This isn't over!" He said. But I just kept laughing. 

At some point, he hung up. I realized my insane laughter probably did come off a little villainous, but whatever. Let them come. 

Deep breaths. Deep breaths. 




