The Fatal Error
---
The Slock were a powerful species, and they dreamt of the day they would control the Galaxy. It was the year of 2018 A.D (Sol-3 years) that they discovered the Sol system. It was an intriguing solar system, devoid of habitable planets except one. This planet was the perfect world. Filled to the brim with rare and expensive materials. It was every type of habitable planet mixed into one, and the Slock knew they wanted it.

They deployed their best general, general San Andrios Gurreriuos of the planet Sandreis (Vahn-6) to attack the inhabitants, the species known as "humanity." Humanity, of course, is an oddly diverse species, with some races being pacifist, and others warrior races, the strongest being the races of American and Russian. Besides the issue with Americans and Russians, San Andrios assumed it would be an easy fight, for the Slocks were the best sword fighters in the galaxy, and the humans seemed to lack even the most basic of swords. Also, the Slocks had the most powerful steam engines, they could easily use steam devices to bombard Sol-3. The humans had barely invented space capsules, and all that was in space were a few satellites San Andrios assumed were dead. 

It took less than a minute for NASA to be alerted that alien ships were just outside of the atmosphere. Unlike Roswell, such a thing was to serious to hide from the public, besides SpaceX had already alerted the public. The President immediately pulled troops out of Syria and pressed a new button, the Space Button (yeah, I couldn't come up with a good name...) At this NASA and the US Marine Corps unveiled a new type of soldier, the Space Marine. Clothed in SpaceX Armored Space Suits and armed with SC-2s (Space-Carbine Mark 2), they were a serious threat to any invading aliens. 

San Andrios was quickly alerted that the humans had spotted them and were sending up their space capsules. He sharpened his titanium blade in anticipation, he couldn't wait to see what sorts of knights the humans possessed. The space capsule latched onto the airlock of San Andrios's ship. Guards waited, wearing full steel plate armor and carrying aluminum sabres. San Andrios watched the camera feed curiously, for what were these humans going to do? Suddenly, the airlock opened, and out came human soldiers. They wore strange armor of white, full body armor made out of carbon fiber and strengthened with exosuits powered with uranium. The guards quickly went down, they weren't even able to get close before they were cut down by 5.56 Cosmoses. San Andrios jumped in shock, never before had a species used such technology, he'd thought that only Slocks had steamguns, and even then he'd never seen a species so powerful they gave even the most minor of foot soldiers such technology, for he was the only one onboard that was armed with a steamgun! Even then, steamguns could only fire one lead ball, and they didn't produce flashes or smoke. Meanwhile, the humans had secured the Eastern Airlock (Objective Alpha according to the US Military's documents,) and were now laying down barbed wire and wall reinforcements. One Russian soldier, called, Kapkan, was laying explosive traps on the doorways. They sent out a scout, whom San Andrios watched. A Slock soldier managed to get the jump on this scout, but his broadsword simply bounced off of the human's armor without even scratching the paint. The Slock soldier was fearful, his blade had simply done nothing, and now the human was staring at him, he couldn't see the human's face but he knew it was grinning an evil grin. He felt nothing as lead imbedded itself into his eved (a heart-like muscle that is unique to pure-bred Slocks). 

Undetected, several Space Marines were walking upon the outside of the Slock's command ship. They had been ordered to find the bridge's windows and breach. The Space Marines within the ship itself were a mere distraction. They soon found the window. San Andrios was distracted by the video feed, when around ten humans, fully dressed in black, burst through the bridge's window, only the thin force-field kept everything from being sucked outside the ship.

---

I might continue making this story, but I'm not certain.

Edit: fixed a bit of grammar and spelling