I love starting over. This is my 11th time doing it, and throughout all that time I've found one thing to be pretty constant: no one knows what to do with a swearing 5-year-old who understands more about history, science, math and sex than they do. Of course, the first three lives I kept things pretty... par. Hell, the first time I came back I had night terrors until I was 18. Then I died. Tuberculosis is a bitch. All in all, my first few lives weren't great. A lot of dirt... everywhere. Sure, London's pretty nice now, but see if you'd feel that way when you're walking back from a blood letting on a hot day and the breeze thrusts upon you that special stink that only a roadside sewer trench can provide.

But, that was about 500 years ago. Since then I've been able to sand off some of the edge with each successive life. You might think that living would get boring after being born for the 11th time, but it really doesn't. As I pass through my lives, time changes around me. Humanity is constantly inventing new things, and I've gotten to see most of them. And now with all this internet and the endless tidal wave of participation ribbons, 5 year-olds have a pretty choice gig.

Anyway, where was I? Oh, right, I was being reborn:

I opened my eyes. As I lifted my head I looked around. I was in a sea of sleeping children. 

''The hell?'' I mumbled as I rubbed my eyes, peering around through bleary-eyed half consciousness. The last thing I remembered was getting hit by a bus. No matter how many times I die it never gets easy. I guess it's just inherently human to not want to die, even if you know it won't exactly take. I've never really been able to shake that initial shock when faced with it. 500 years and 11 rebirths and it still freaks me out every time.

I took a moment to focus my thoughts, and as I looked around, I could see I was in a big, carpeted room, surrounded by about 15 quietly snoring kids, bean bag chairs, and various "fun" educational posters informing me of my colors and what vowels were. I looked down, and I appeared to be wearing a t-shirt, plaid shorts, and some of the clunkiest and heaviest kids’ shoes I’d ever seen. As I blinked away the rest of my tiredness I realized what had happened and where I was. I was in a kindergarten class, and the universe had decided to pop me into this kid's head right in the middle of nap time.

I looked down at my hands: light brown. I felt my crotch: dick alert. Those were always my first things to check. I'd lived a lot of places, been most races, lived in every continent except Antarctica, and been male and female. Depending on where you were, and during what time, different races had different positives and negatives as far as prejudice or social power. Usually caucasian was the easiest, but I’d had some pretty good runs as African, Southeast Asian, and Latina. However, so far, the female lives had always been a bit more... frustrating. My last life I'd been a German chemist named Valeria, and I'd noticed that it had gotten a bit better in the last couple decades, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't relieved to find I'd be packin' some schlong this time around. 

As I stared around the room in quiet contemplation with my hand down my pants, a light flicked on and a woman’s soft voice said in American English,

"Wake up everyone, nappy time’s over! Carlos, what did we say about playing with ourselves?" I stood there in the middle of the room for a couple seconds, looking at the kids laying down around me, trying to figure out which one of these little bastards had started jerkin' it. Suddenly, I realized I was Carlos, and I was gripping my own penis in the middle of a well-lit room. I snapped my hand out of my pants, and quickly started to nod my head and look around with as much casualness as I could muster, shoving my hands deep into my pockets as I began to saunter around the room.

"Sooo, mein teacher, vat stuffe vill ve be learning today?" Damn, I was still talking in my German accent. 45 years of pretending to need an affected English speaking voice will do that I guess.

"Very nice accent Carlos, been watching some movies at home have we?"

"Oh, uh, ya, Das Boot." I cleared my throat, shaking off the accent. I’d become pretty damn good at languages over the years. "Great flick. You ever seen it?"

She looked at me with a look of suprised puzzlement. I loved that look. "No, I… can’t say that I have. I’m sure it’s a lovely film though. Now, class, who’s ready foooor… ARITHMETIC??" she did not receive the cheering giddiness from the crowd of recently passed-out children that she had been hoping for, but she kept up the pep anyway. I could tell, this lady was gonna be a fun nut to crack.

As we all took our seats in a semi-circle around the board, the young teacher started writing simple addition and subtraction problems in bright blue dry erase marker, the felt tip squeaking as it went around the curves in the numbers. I nudged the kid next to me, a boy in a stretched out t-shirt who was missing his two front teeth, and whispered, "Hey slugger, hold my beer while I do this math."

"What?" he squeaked as I stood up. "Teach! Can I try these ones?" 

"Sure Carlos! Not letting yesterday get you down, huh? I like the can-do attitude. Here’s your first one: what is one pl-"

"Yeah that’s 2. While you’re at it, the rest up there are 3, 4, and 2 again."

Her eyes grew wide and a giant smile stretched across her face, "Carlos! Oh my! That’s wonderful. I guess you’ve been practicing at home with your parents!"

"Nah, I’m just smart as fuck." The whole class gasped and lost their damn minds. I stood in the wake of my no-no-potty-mouth, surrounded by cries of "OH YOU CAN’T SAY THAT!!", "MS. HARRIET!! CARLOS SAID A BAD WORD!", and even some kid just flat-out screaming "AAAAAAAHHHHH!!"

"Carlos!" said the woman named Ms. Harriet, "You do NOT say that word! Come out in the hall with me right now!" She stood up, marched over to the door, and pointed authoritatively at the floor in front of her.

"But wait, I've got more!" I proclaimed as I shrugged off her command. "Let’s use the numbers you had up there. If I wanted more than 2 but not quite 3, I could add 0.5 to it and have 2.5. Then if I decided, eh, maybe I do want a bit more, but all I have are this 2.5 and this 3, I could multiply them together and get 7.5." The room calmed down a bit as some of the kids just stopped and looked at me, confused by the words coming out of my mouth. Ms. Harriet, still furious, just glared at me and said through gritted teeth, "Impressive Carlos. Get over here. Now."

"Oh that’s impressive? Check this steez." I turned and walked to the board, my bulky shoes clomping on the carpeted floor, and started writing on it with a red marker. "Say you’ve got this 2, and you wanna get kinda funky with it, but aren’t quite sure how. Then, all of a sudden, Mr. X waddles in from the alphabet poster and decides he’s gonna steal Mrs. 2’s seat and make her sit on his shoulders. Now you’ve got X raised to the power of 2. Looks kinda scary, right? Wrong! Let’s hit that sumbitch with a derivative! You’re only lookin’ at 2x now. Still not satisfied? Again with the derivative! We’re back to 2. Still want smaller?? HIT IT AGAIN! We’ve got ourselves a big, fat goose-egg now. Va-va-voom, we doin’ calculus baby."

I popped the cap back on the marker, whirled around to face the room, stretched out my arm, and dropped the marker on the floor. Both the class and Ms. Harriet just stared at me, mouths agape. She shook out of her brief trance and crossed the room in a flash, grabbed me by the arm, and said in a voice attempting authority but failing to keep the confusion from seeping through the cracks, "We’re going to the principal’s office..." 

All the kids heard this and most started jeering, but some actually looked worried for me. As Ms. Harriet pulled me by the arm across the room, I twisted around and made eye contact with one girl who looked particularly worried. As I did so, I tripped over a loose colored pencil and the wheels which had previously been unbeknownst to me popped out of the heels of my shoes. I caught myself, relocked eyes with the worried girl, and gave her a finger gun with my free hand as I wheeled backwards out of the room,

"Don’t worry I’ll be ok. Like I said, I’m smart as fuck."