I recieved a text on my phone, the screen lit up with the time and my background image of Devon Jade. I picked up my phone while letting my plane cruise in War Thunder toward an objective, and unlocked it, and opened my Messages app. I had one message, with no phone number, and from what I could read, the message said **Greetings, Colony #037. We are glad...** I opened the message to read the rest.

The whole thing read, **Greetings, Colony #037. We are glad to see you survived. The others all ran out of resources. May we come over?**

I had gotten a lot of spam text messages in my 13 years having a cell phone, but this was oddly specific. Suddenly I rcieved 2 other texts: One from my best friend, and one from my sister. I opened up my sister's text, which pasted the same message I had just gotten, into a text and sent it to me and asked if I was pranking her with a website or something. I texted back, "No, I got the same thing." I pressed the *back* button and opened up my best friend's text, which amounted to "lol wtf is this?" I told him I got the same thing. I pressed the *back* button again and reopened the weird message. I had originally thought immediately that ,y best friend was pranking me but I doubted it, he was too busy with his kids for that crap.

I replied back to the text, "Who is this?"

My phone buzzed instantly as soon as I pressed the send button, almost. I got a reply.

**This is the Galactic Federation Cruiser #394. We are requesting permission to visit your planet. May we enter airspace over where this signal is being broadcast?**

I decided to play along, maybe this was some weird form of sucking me into a text D&D session thing. I texted back, "Sure, feel free." I leaned back in my chair, and then heard a loud *boom* above my trailer of a house that rattled *everything*, and almost knocked one of my monitors off of my desk. I barely managed to save it after being startled. I thought a nuclear bomb had just gone off nearby or something. Our dogs in our house started whimpering and I heard a huge commotion in our living room.

I left my room and headed to the front door a few steps away. Before I opened the door I looked at the living room for our dogs. They were all huddled together on the couch opposite the door, whimpering. I shrugged, and I opened the door to go outside to check the huge boom, to find a man on our doorstep, dressed in a fine deep red suit with matching tie and white undershirt, with a middle button on the suit buttoned. He was of above average height and looked to be reasonably fit. He had brown hair and some mild 5 o'clock shadow.

"Whoa, dude, don't you know how to knock?" I asked. Fortunately my sister and stepdad were at work, so I'd be the one to have to deal with this rando on my doorstep...

"Are you number 839-4932-3943?" He recited my phone number more solidly than I did, like he owned it. I still had trouble reciting my cell number to people and I'd had it for years.

"Uh, yes, though we... wait, who... go step down there please." He acquiesced to my request and moved. He moved off of our small front staircase. Above my house was a gigantic, round, black and grey disc that I could just barely see the edges of. It blotted out the sun over the immediate area, and I truly did not know how large it was. I hadn't even noticed it was dark even though it was 1 PM. Everything that had just happened suddenly came together, and other neighbors were looking out of their windows across the street, and I heard cars honking from the main road a little ways behind our trailer. The man began speaking again:

"Uh, yeah, I was sent down here to request assistance from Human Colony #037-" I interrupted him.

"Human colony?" I raised an eyebrow, questioningly.

"Yes, human colony. We've gone through this with every other planet that ended up producing humans that did not have space travel, but we need help. The ship you see above you is filled to the brim with humans from other planets, and we need a planet to live on."

"Alright, look." I could immediately hear sirens in the distance and helicopters. "I don't want any part of this or to be implicated in some government scheme. Do I *look* like a world leader?" I was wearing some extremely stained blue jeans and a video game insignia T-shirt with socks on.

"Ah, no, I suppose you don't..."

"And I guess you guys were going for the shotgun approach to find the world leader by sending a text message to *everyone on the damn planet*?" I squinted my eyes at him. 

"I'm not familiar with the term "shotgun", but I get the context, yes... to be fair, all of the other human planets we've come across have only let their leaders use electronics..." I raised both of my eyebrows now. Cop cars pealed to a stop outside my fence.

"Alright, I'm gonna let them take you from here." I walked to my fence and as I walked to my fence, cops began exiting their cars. The man in the red suit followed behind me.

"Are these your lawkeepers?" he asked me.

"Yeah, sure, they'll take care of everything." I told him. I gestured to the cops. One came over, a slightly tubby dude, bald, almost the common cop stereotype pretty much. "Hey, this guy," I gestured to red suit man, "is from that thing." I gestured to the craft above my house.

"I wish to speak to your world leader or leaders." He told the cop. The cop said some stuff on his radio and he nodded. I opened my fence gate to let red suit guy through, but before he went through, I asked him his name.

"My name is Nathan," He answered.

"Huh, for humans from another planet I was expecting something more exotic. Bobby." I stuck out my hand and he didn't know what to do with it. I dropped my hand back down, and chuckled a bit. He said:

"I could say the same for your name." He laughed a deep, hearty laugh and I laughed with him. I told him to take care. He nodded and went with the officer into his squad car. I closed my gate, and walked back into my house, sat at my computer again, and found my plane in War Thunder had been shot down. I don't know what I expected from being AFK in a multiplayer plane shooter.

I muttered something about distractions and respawned as a new plane and tried to forget about what just happened. I hoped they'd move their giant craft soon, not that it affected me any.

The weeks afterward were not filled with requests for interviews, or phone calls, or anything. It was mildly disappointing, but at the same time, would have been annoying to have happen to me at work. I repeatedly saw Nathan on sites like Reddit, Yahoo, Huffington Post, even in papers like the New York Times. It seemed like he was being treated okay, and eventually the huge disc above my house was centered over Parliament in England, for some reason unbeknownst to me.

And so, life moved on after the strange visit from the red suit man. I didn't pay attention to what happened after that day for the most part, but eventually, the giant disc disappeared, and Nathan with it. I have no idea what happened, and never will. Life quickly moved on and forgot about Nathan and the disc after a few years, except for the hardcore conspiracy theorists, but no one would ever get the true answer on what happened.

Edit: Punctuation

2nd Edit: After reading it over it looks okay. I'm not great at writing but wanted to try at this one. I suck at endings though.