We'd had an early spring.  Sarah and I were eager to catch the fauna's and flora's getting down and dirty, as we always joked.  So we packed our things and hit a trail a couple kilometers outside town.

"Love, these clouds could go either way" Sarah muttered as our car approached the station lot.  She was right too.  The mountains in these hills had a thing for parting the sky like a fairly tossed coin.  We scampered on.

Halfway up our trail, footing on the clay/snow aggregate started rising out of the traditionally coarse path and we leaned on each other to break through the more narrow sections.  Every so often a mound of old slush would come drifting from a cedar and we'd hear a thing not unlike soft hooves as it pressed into the earth again.  As did we.  

"Oh bloody hell" she whispered. I looked back to see Sarah 10 meters behind and 10 meters trapped with her leg around a crevice.  As she jerked violently to unhinge said ankle, it must have been connected to a deeper vein of geologic symmetry-as her prison held firm but the foundation carved a tectonic plate, just as mobile. 

"Shit shit shit" I stumbled towards her in the same moment her wake-board of mud skittered down the ravine, a steepness that can only be held together by the deepest roots, and disappeared with her intact.  Her screams and chaos followed into that abyss, and I fell to my knees.

Frantically counting my choices until the stress leaked through I hollered, "Why don't you just take me too man!?"

And the room went white.

A man in his mid-forties sat across from me, tan khakis and a simple purple turtleneck. He stood up, turned the chair facing away from me, and sat in it with his arms folded over the back like they do in relaxed AA meetings, staring at me.

"Alright, so now...?" He spoke.

I stammered back, "Huh-I mean, what?"

"Look," he sighed, "I've obviously seen my end of work.  I want someone, preferably with some college education, to give it a go.  You're the man for the job.  You be me. 24 hours, Uninhibited, be me. There's safeguards, so, just feel free to flex.  There's no moral catch-22 here: just make things right" he smiled on that last word. "Be seeing you then." 

Just as quickly as I was acquainted, I became alone.  The room held nothing but myself, an empty chair, a small folding table with tea and crackers, and an apparatus that consisted of discs floating parallel to the wall, like heavenly polka-dots.  I approached the tray, wondering how I wasn't in shock.  

Some moments later, after finishing the lady fingers, I thought about (God's?) offer.  Maybe I could bring Sarah back home. Maybe I could use it to return.  Maybe I could get more lady-fingers.  What the hell. 

It didn't so much need me to sit down in it, or strap in, as much as I just had to sort of walk into it.  My vision blurred and rather than a manic-feed of information and events and choices- I just was. The universe was the universe, and I was just I.  Cause effect thinking was not the issue- the issue was the pain.  So much endless expanse, but I couldn't get over one vector where all I heard was a song of suffering: so I got busy.

The slums were my first approach- it wasn't that difficulty to reposition them molecularly into skyscrapers and bunkers, disaster proof, a city of diamonds, water, and filled granaries, essentially. The dirty politicians were the next target: I went for a direct angle of dumping the lot on individual islands, with necessities included, somewhere off the coast of New Zealand.  A small book about the effects of their deeds rested on a platter in the center.  Stories of orphans and diseases, things of that sort.

A half hour into patching up the eroding islands of Dubai, now that the Mid East was the literal hottest destination for people of all beliefs, I caught the echo of footsteps behind me.

"I liked the take on Japans modern architecture you pulled.  Incorporating the Sengoku into the corporate atmosphere *was* what they needed, wasn't it?"

I turned around.  This time, he was holding a bottle of Jack and what looked like a panini under his arm, a toothy grin on his face.  "I really liked, though,  seeing your creative side.  Hasn't popped through for some time. Have a seat."

Cutting the sandwich in half we ate silently, seated in this neverland, until I decided to speak up.

"It wasn't that hard, you know.  Fixing the loss, the needs, why didn't you do it sooner?  Sarah didn't exactly mind not dying- she couldn't explain it sure, but whatever happened certainly beat death by landslide." I finished my piece, and he kept his head down, still biting into his portion.

"thaths the thing," he muttered with a mouthful of roasted tomatoes, "my job isn't to solve your problems." 

"Excuse me?" I asked, a taste of sharpness on it, "You can't create something and just let it run amok like this, people need directions, tools, guides- do you even see what's been happening?  They elected a ferret for God's sake.  If people knew you were just some washed up engineer tinkering with people's existence out of sport, real or not, good luck attracting more followers you piece of shit." 

In my mind I asked what we had all been thinking.  A criticism.  I knew because for a short period I had heard, and answered, that critique uncountable times.  He nodded solemnly, wiping the corners of his mouth off with one of those tissues you get at a street vendor, and thought for a moment.

"That's the first time you've been honest with me." A simple truth, softly said almost as a word of thanks, somehow stung leagues more than my previous barrage...I reeled.

"You know, when I started all this, all I sought was a friend or two.  Someone to share all this..." he motioned to the empty room, "...with.  I wasn't lonely, just hopeful.  But I can't exactly trap something with self-awareness and choice. Both are fundamental pieces of relationship, as much as I love the ladyfingers, and love doesn't force love."

"That's a cop-out," I retorted, "an easy excuse.  You want relationship and selflessness and connection, so you establish an environment of murder for that to blossom?  Literally psychotic.  And then you have the audacity to judge *us*?"  

"There was this brief...time... I considered letting men live a while longer, by a multitude of ten.  But for the sake of some semblance of balance, I held it young.  Nobody has cared to ask why that wasn't a very difficult decision.  Because the truth is- your breath of life is nothing.  Not like the one in store.  You don't see what happens, what Sarah would have seen, after a second of hurt.  Nobody does.  So I can fix all your losses and all your problems, or let victims face oppressors in an environment where hurts are not hidden, and justice and reward come second.  Love comes first, so choice must come first."

This well-meaning platitude rang in my ears, but the grasp and scope of his denial haunted my ability to process it. 

"I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree, then, old chap."

**[Thanks for reading! I've never posted before, and I'm fairly new with short stories, I just wanted to give it a go.  I hope you were able to take something out of it, I understand there are a million mistakes, and I will learn if you point some out.  The cliches, grammar, whatever, thanks for teaching me!]**