"Another one." I whispered to myself as I half heartedly shambled towards my door. I hadn't even had my first coffee yet and someone was knocking at my front door. It's been weeks since I've decided to take anyone in. 

You see, I'm known around town as kind of a specialist. People seek me out it times of strife. They come, we chat, they decompress whatever intrepid emotion is nagging them and they move on, happier and lighter. But the weight, the days; for me they keep getting heavier and heavier. Longer and Longer.

The negative that people refuse to face is what I end up living with. It's the paycheck I cash at the end of the week. I don't know how I've managed this long to be quite honest. The last client I took in left me a pretty heavy bout of depression. 

I wasn't meant to be this way. I chose this, and it's been an anchor dragging my ankle into the depths for too long. It's a Mania I seemingly can't contain any more. 

"what this time? " I crack the door and peer out. The sun is blinding. It's something I choose to observe seldomly these days. Once my eyes are able to focus I notice an feeble old man standing on my porch. 

" Oh, hello. I hope I didn't wake you. " he mutters removing his hat. He hadn't but I'm sure I look like I'd just rolled out of bed. I hadn't showered in a week or so. 

Some people have told me they are relaxing but I've never found them to be anything but an annoyance. 

He takes a step toward the door. His eyes wide and wise. " I've been told that you deal in emotions. " something about him tells me his intentions are genuine. 

"Come in" I say, opening the screen door. I point him toward a pair of chairs in my front room "Have a seat,  how can I help you?" 

He takes a seat "I know of your struggle. I can't imagine the turmoil you feel within yourself." He inches forward on his seat. 

I'm a but taken back. No one, and I mean no one has ever even considered the things I feel. I have been the living embodiment of an emotional trash can. A refuse bin for the unwanted feelings of the unready. 

"Yeah" I say "It's a life." 

He chuckles "This is precisely why I came. You're so selfless for someone born without what everyone else has." 

I sink back into my chair. 

"I'm not long for this world" he says "and I can't say I'm upset about it. I've had quite a life. I've traveled to places not many get to see. I met the love of my life in ibiza in the 40's and we ran around the world our whole lives. It's been a full and happy life." 

He pauses "My Caroline." his eyes start to well up a bit but he pushes it off "My Caroline and me we had to part recently, So to speak. I'm not sure I'm meant to be here without her but I know that my happiness is useless without her. So before I live long enough to lose it, I would like to give it to you."

Silence

" So how does this all work? " he asks.

I had him a pen from the desk in the corner and hand him a piece of paper. 

" Write the emotion you want on this paper and put it upside down on the table. when you leave I will read it and I will put it In that box over there, it will then consume my entire emotional being" 

"ah, all so simple" he smiles and starts writing. 

"I'll leave you to it then" I get up and make my way to the coffee pot and pour myself a coffee. 

He writes for an hour or so. Longer than any other client I've taken in. Usually it's just a minute or two but I leave him be.

Finally, he stands and says "Enjoy it boy, love and happiness are the keys to life" leaving the paper on the table and handing me the pen. 

He makes his way out and I walk to the table. When I flip the paper over I am met with a sea of words. It is a love letter to his Caroline. It tells of love, thier lives, and thier adventures. And the bottom he signed to me "I give you my happiness, enjoy every minute" 

As I put the paper in the box my body is consumed with something I've never felt. A bolt of lightning to my soul. I am awakened.




















