This was great at first. I didn’t have much money to my name, but I had enough to last me a few weeks given the exponential increase in the money owed. The first week or so, I continued to live the way I had been before. This included bar fights, prostitutes, and cocaine. Lots of cocaine. How do you think I died in the first place?

Life was great. I began to form a new lot on life, and began to better myself. No more illegal activity, more time with the family, and as many charitable acts I could do without inconveniencing myself. Hey- I even started to go to church. I was a happy, changed man. 

I noticed the shift when I would wake up and immediately check my bank account every morning. I started to panic when I noticed my funds were depleting and my days were getting shorter. My family was happy I was still alive; they thought it was a miracle that I had come back from the dead. I thought of it as a curse. 

I remember the first morning I completely ran out of money. I paid my last chunk of change into slot and had one mission for the entire day- to get $512 to pay for my next day on Earth. I panhandled, begged my family, and sold all of my belongings and was able to come up with the money by midnight that night. I was happy, until I realized- I only have 24 hours now- and this time I need $1024. 

My need for life became an addiction. I was happy! I wasn’t ready to die! I felt like a drug addict just trying to score their next bag of dope. That day got weird. I started with the same tactics as yesterday, but only made a few hundred bucks. I was going to die if I didn’t figure this out. This is where life got bad. 

I needed this money. I grabbed a paper bag out of the city trash can and shoved my hand into it. I sat outside for about 45 seconds, evaluating what I was about to do. I walked into the closest liquor store and held my paper bag “gun” up to the kind-eyed, elderly gentleman behind the counter. I was fighting back tears, and managed to choke out the words, “gi-give me the money! No less than $1,000!” I don’t know who was more scared- me or the cashier. 

I couldn’t tell you how far I ran that day. After I left the store, I didn’t stop. All I know is that I ran west because I remember watching the sun set right in front of me. I was in a crisis. Yes, I liked to mess around, but I never thought I’d get to the point of robbing stores to score another day alive. It was approaching midnight when I finally sat down on a park bench probably 30 miles away from the liquor store. I thought to myself, “is it even worth it? Should I even put my money into this machine to wake up tomorrow needing even more money?” 

••••

It’s been about a year now. It’s been a crazy one. I’ve become a master at committing heists. I have more than enough cash to last me at least the next two months, but I don’t care. Every day I’m in a new city, robbing another bank, jewelry store, or armored truck. I don’t even care about the money. I’m not sure I’d want to live anymore if it meant I couldn’t steal. I’m addicted. The weird part is that I’m happier than I’ve ever been. I love the rush. I love the feeling of killing people, knowing they’re paying for my next day alive. 

I’m too good at this. I have a motivation that nobody else on Earth can have. I’ll stop at nothing to hit my next lick. 


I’ll be around for a while. I know it. 