... and then I immediately get shot in the head. Strangely, I did not die. I was still conscious but I couldn't see anything, I couldn't feel anything. Then, oddly, some text appeared in front of my eyes, it was in a strange and very alien language... but it started to make sense, it simply read: "Game over" and then a number, e pretty small one. My vision slowly came back, and then my hearing, and then much, much more. Awareness flooded over me. It was like waking from a dream only much more intense. I was standing on a device, on it read "Human life simulator". Near me something started moving and I recognized it. Him.

"Hey, hey, take it easy. Don't get up. It takes a while for your mind to come back to full speed again." He (it) has a face which's form I could not quite define, with maybe eight tentacle like feelers attached to his head and multiple eyes that popped in and out of view despite the fact that his head did not seem to move.

"What... are..."

"Oh yeah, you probably see some weird shit right now, don't worry it will pass, you're still only seeing three dimensions."

I tried to close my eyes and relax, and follow my friend's advice and wait this out. Oddly my eyes did not close, or maybe they did. The room I was in popped out of view only for another, similar to the other to pop in. Or maybe it was the same room. Anyway, I started to remember. Me and my friend bought this old arcade game, it wasn't very popular but we decided to mod it, to spice it up. It was much harder than I originally thought.

"So, did we fix the it or not?" We tried to make the game harder, but only after the tutorial. Apparently a bullet to the head every day was different for a human than it is for us. Who would have thought. We tried to compensate this a little with a little help from the npcs.

"Sort of, I mean it really breaks the immersion" I told my friend.

"Hmm, maybe we try a different approach? A warning before the bullet hits? I read in the manual about something called 'instinct', it might help"

"No it's the same thing. It still breaks the immersion" I responded. I tried to remember my life as a human, tried to find another way of making the game more interesting. Then I remembered something from my gameplay. I turned to my friend and said. "Wait a minute, did you write yourself into the backstory?"

He smiled and said. "I wondered if you wold notice." The smile faded a little. "It didn't go as I wanted. I made myself appear somewhere, no, sometime in the history. Space, time, I always get these two confused. Anyway I didn't find a way to properly make a three dimensional avatar of me, and the npc's kinda freaked out. I mean there were serious glitches happening. They went mad, worshiped me, started murdering each other. I exited and left the backstory simulation to finish."

Yeah, seemed like a stupid idea, what was my friend thinking. "Cthulhu, that was almost as bad an idea as your difficulty fix. I knew we should have saved up for that 4D arcade game I told you about, these 3D games are too limiting, no wonder they went bankrupt."

"The interfaces were too expensive, you know this..." A few moments of silence. "Was it really that bad of a fix? I thought it was a great idea."

"It was a game breaking level of immersion breaking. It did not make any sense in the game world."

"Get out of that chair, I wanna try myself."

"Fine, suit yourself."

I got up, grabbed a snack and prepared to be proven right.

&#x200B;

Edit. First submission here. I'm new to this thread and I haven't read a lot of stories from this reddit yet. I have been told that my idea isn't exactly original, in retrospect I am not surprised. I'm a 21 computer science student and I really just wanted to see if I can write a short story. Thanks for the positive feedback :D