I still remember falling in love with that carefree, melodic laugh.

I never had many friends. Other kids aren't exactly the most understanding when, after sharing their toy with you, it's returned a broken heap. Hell, *I* didn't even understand it. They could make Batman fight Superman; a Tonka truck carry a load of legos. The Man of Steel, apparently made of glass, just fell apart under my grasp. I was bullied pretty frequently, and had self-esteem issues all throughout school.

Then I met her in high school. She was an angel. Everything I had ever wanted. I remember when she transferred to my school. She had been abused by her father. The other kids didn't know how to handle talking to her - it all seemed tainted by a pity they couldn't help but let permeate through their lips.

I was sitting alone at lunch and she came to sit with me. Silently, at first. But we learned that our upbringing gave us a lot in common. With everything that she went through, I expected a hardened heart. But man, was she full of joy. I loved that about her - she could turn the worst situation around. I started relying as her as a sort of anchor. I became co-dependent. This sweet girl was everything to me. She was indestructible, and made me feel the same. We started dating. It was magic. Prom night with her is the one memory I cling to now.

I didn't get accepted to a single college - I was never an academic achiever, and I didn't have many activities that made me desirable to a university. She got accepted to all she applied for. Cornell was her dream, but that was states away. I started to lose my nerve - I thought I was going to lose my cornerstone. We had a few fights about long distance relationships. I had seen what "significant others" did when their other half wasn't around. I was paranoid - of course someone better than me could come along when I'm not around and steal her. She's perfect!

Bless her heart, she stayed with me. Maybe she shouldn't have. She promised she didn't mind, but I knew I was holding her back. I was so afraid that she was resenting me for derailing her life, I started to project. I got angrier and angrier every time she showed me selflessness. I thought she was just rubbing it in my face. "Look how much better I am!" What a damn fool I was.

Alcohol can be a depressed man's best friend. It can also rip you apart, leaving you a destroyed mess your family wouldn't recognize. I started closing myself off. I'd come home from my minimum wage job and lock myself in my office, a fifth in hand, not sure if I was searching for meaning or an escape from it all.

After the first time, I swore I'd never hit her again. It really didn't seem to cause all that much harm. The second time, I swore I'd get help. The third time, I said it was her fault. That was the last time I counted. She never left me. She never demeaned me. She never called me the scum I was. She just smiled at me. She loved me.

You never know what you have until it's gone, right? I needed to feel validated. I needed to feel wanted. I was naive. I didn't know I was the source of those feelings. The blame always deflected around me. Laurie wasn't even attractive. She was negative, loved to gossip and put others down. But she showed me attention. I started craving it.

That look will haunt me for the rest of my life. My knees shake and my stomach turns when I reminisce. A look of pure hatred and betrayal. She opened the bedroom door to a scene she probably imagined time after time in her head, the disgusting mounting with each iteration. I tried to grab her arm to stop her from leaving. I heard the *craaack*, and she howled in pain. I started panicking. This wasn't what was supposed to happen! She went for the door. I couldn't let her get away. I pulled her close to me, trying to wrap her in a tight embrace. 

How could I have known what would happen?