I walk up to the house at 135 Cherry Lane and knock on the front door. My partner trusts me enough to handle the situation on my own. Hopefully this won't take long. The full moon is glowing tonight, and I still have other houses to visit.

"Hello?" I call out. "There's been a noise complaint about screaming and gunshots. Is anyone there?"

When no one answers, I draw my gun and step off the front porch, blending into the shadows of the house. If someone's trying to hide from me, I'm going to make sure they don't find me first.

Around the corner of the house, I find the first body. A teenager has been strangled by a garden hose. Nearby, another teenager is swaying by the neck from an oak tree. Both look like they've been in violent struggles. I can see footprints around the gate into the backyard: four different people have been here recently.

I should call for backup, or at least wait for my partner to leave his kid's birthday party. But the footprints mean there could be more teenagers here.

Teenagers who might still be alive.

I don't bother trying to open the gate. Instead, I move stealthily along the fence until I find a shadowed area to climb to the other side. A garden shed blocks my uniformed body from view as I land quietly on the grass.

Sure enough, someone has rigged a trap to kill whoever opens the gate. Some kind of contraption involving garden shears.

I can hear sobbing from inside the garden shed. When I peer through the grimy window, I can see a teenager huddled in the corner, a shovel clutched in his hands. He has a cell phone, but it doesn't seem to be working.

It's okay. I'm here now.

I open the door to the garden shed and step in with my gun raised. The teenager shrinks away in fear at first, but then he sees my police uniform and sags in relief.

"I've been trying to reach the cops," he says desperately. "Someone's out there killing my friends, but I can't get any signal-"

The teenager stops talking and stares at me in shock.

The moonlight has illuminated my face.

He recognizes me.

"It's... it's you..."

I smile. "It was a clever idea to set up the trap. But I didn't realize you were in here until after I left. That's when I remembered seeing three shadows under the back door, not two. If you'd just gone home, you might have survived. This is the first mistake I've made in years."

"I could still survive," he says weakly.

"No," I say. "Because I'm starting to think it wasn't a mistake after all. I'll be able to throw off suspicion from myself by arresting the kid who killed his friends at this house and all the other ones. It's too bad I had to shoot him before he could stab me with a pair of garden shears."

The teenager opens his mouth and tries to scream, but he's too terrified to make a sound. For a moment I almost feel sorry for him. Maybe I could have been persuaded to let this one live. But he's already seen my face, which means it's too late for him.

I pull the trigger before he can lift the shovel.