About a year ago, he simply appeared in my apartment one day. He said something about me disgracing his honor by living in his former home, and then suddenly started praising me after watching me play Mario Kart for the first time. I call him Simon.

Why? Because his favorite Smash Bros character is Simon Belmont.

I mean, he said he couldn't remember his actual name. So I just had to give him one. He thanked me what must've been a million times. He thinks I'm some kind of god, controlling people through the television screen.

One day, I'm Link, riding my trusty steed through Hyrule.

Other days, I'm a fat plumber trying to save a princess.

Whatever it is, Simon is always entranced when he watches me play. He has some kind of weird telekinetic power, so he just moves the controller with his mind when we play multi player games.

He'll never ask to play alongside me, but is always eager when I offer. Although, he'll never attack me, thinking it will anger me or whatnot. So fighting games are always out of the question, unless we team up against CPUs.

The only game he doesn't like to watch me play is Luigi's Mansion. He thinks that I'm going to make Luigi capture HIM.

As stupid as it was, he decided to fight back.

See, I recently learned that Ghosts can also shaypeshift. Neat, right? Well, I also have a severe fear of Spiders. Can't stand them. Simon knows this from watching me play. I can't play Twillight Princess, Skyrim or even Resident Evil. He used to call them demonic creatures, the bane of God. But now, well he seems to have become one of them.

I did a full playthrough of Luigi's Mansion on the GameCube one day. He hid for 24hrs straight. The next day, I came home to a giant spawn of Satan.

There was a spider in my home.

I stayed the night at a friend's house, and snuck inside my apartment through the window the day after. Thinking he had bested me, he was going through my entire video game collection. Only after burning my copies of Luigi's Mansion of course, as well as any game, merchandise or anything related to Luigi. 

He was so absorbed in Hyrule Warriors that he didn't notice me rummaging through the supply closet.

Needless to say, he now sits at the bottom of my vacuum. Good riddance, Simon.