As a young child, my father had always shared stories of the undead with me as a way to scare me into staying out of the water. So along with sharks, I’d be afraid of vampires in the water too. When I was little, the stories were scary, but as I grew older, it only served to increase my interest in the water and oceans in general. Much to my father’s distaste, I went to college to become an oceanographer so I could study the impacts of climate change on the oceans. As part of my job, I sometimes have to do dives in order to examine areas of interest like coral reefs, seaweed forests, and other ecosystems that are commonly found to be negatively impacted by climate change. 

Usually, the dives are very uneventful. Sometimes you might see a shark or a stingray, which are usually easy to stay away from, but this dive was VERY different. My task for this dive was to examine the sea floor near a well-known coral reef on the coast of the island of Madagascar to see whether there had been a surge of marine death or an increase in ocean plastics. On the dive down, I noticed a shadow that seemed to be on the seafloor within 50 feet of the Toliara reef. Not thinking much of it, I continued my dive down to the seafloor, approximately 200 feet below sea level. Now, let me tell you, being next to a coral reef is one of the most beautiful and breathtaking sights to see. Seeing the diversity of sea life is also extraordinary. Fish of every size and type call this reef home and being able to partake in their home has always inspired awe in me. I usually take a moment to appreciate the beauty of the reefs, and that day was no different. 

What WAS different was that just as I was about to begin my data collection, I felt a tap through my suit. At first, I shook it off as just being the tail fin of a fish behind me and tried to get to work, but it happened again. I turned to see what fish kept hitting me, but instead of a fish, I was met by a very human face. I screamed and a large flow of bubbles escaped my diving mask. I immediately swam back from this human creature that was very clearly alive and just...sort of chilling. As I was staring dumbfounded at this human creature, they smiled and waved at me. The shock of seeing this thing sent my brain into a panic as I just dumbly stared. When I started to recover, I started to try and make sense of what this thing was. I looked him up and down and I stopped at the smile. I saw two very sharp, very distinct canines. 

The first thought I had was “This can’t be real." Again, to my shock, I heard a reply inside my head, “Why, yes. I am real and I am a vampire. My name is Archie, short for Archibald. It’s very refreshing to see another living thing that isn’t a fish around these parts.” 

Not only did I believe that Vampires weren’t real, but I DEFINITELY didn’t think they could communicate telepathically. The next thing I heard in my head was from Archie who said, “Don’t worry, I won’t bite you.” he chuckled a little, and little air bubbles came out of his mouth as he did “Tell me, what’s your name and what are you doing down here?” He looked at me expectantly, waiting for a response.

“I’m Mika. I must be experiencing nitrogen narcosis or another problem with my descent. I don’t -” I was cut off by Archie who quickly thought “You’re not going crazy. I’m a vampire!” Archie made a ta-da motion with his arms which included slowed jazz hands. “You must excuse my lack of grace. I usually think that people will remember that Vampires are usually drowned for their crimes against humanity, namely, killing people in a hunt for blood. I suppose I shouldn’t bother you. You seem like you have some work to do.” 

I continued to stare blankly at Archie and swam back before thinking, “I do need to work, but I’ll come back before I surface. I’m still trying to figure all this out.” 

Archie smiled again, teeth sharp as ever, and thought, “go ahead, take your time.” he looked down at the ankle strap and thought “It’s not like I’m going anywhere”. 

I swam away into the coral reef but was distracted by thoughts of Archie, vampires, and how my dad had always said I’d be in for it the day I met a vampire in the flesh. I was cursing myself up and down for not listening and for not paying attention to what I imagined were only wives tales to keep children from accidentally drowning. I spent time exploring the reef, took my mental notes, and then swam back to the point where Archie was. This time, he had a fish in his hands and was eating it raw. 

He saw me staring and thought, “Hey, a vampire’s got to eat. While I admit that fish blood isn't as filling as human blood, it makes do when you don’t have your primary source of flesh and blood.” He smiled at me again and thought, “Well, are you going to stare at me all day, or are you going to help me?”

“Help you?” I thought incredulously, “Why would I help you! You’re just going to suck my blood and leave me to the sharks if I let you go.” 

Archie looked a little hurt by what I’d thought. “Hurt you? You’re the first person I’ve seen in 250 or so years. Why would I hurt the first source of a conversation I’ve had in two centuries! I wouldn’t dream of eating you. I find you too interesting.” He smiled a closed mouth smile and looked at me a little sadly. “I suppose you don’t believe me though since vampires are notorious for their desire for human flesh and blood. I just want to walk on the ground again. Floating around with the current has left me bored. I want to be out amongst humans, learn from you, read the latest novels, things like that. I have a treasure trove of gold that I can give you if you help me.” 

As a young oceanographer, I still had student loans and was working on paying them off with my fiance, Sophie, so the promise of gold was enticing. “Fine, I’ll help you, but you have to give me some gold in exchange for your freedom. In addition, you can’t bite me or my oceanographic partner who piloted the boat to the reef. When we get to Madagascar, we’ll figure out what to do with you. Deal?” I swam closer and stuck my arm out. 

“Deal.” Archie smiled and reached out his hand to shake mine. 

Getting him free of the chains was tough, but the years of rust made it a little easier to get through the chains with some sharper stones I found on the seafloor. Within 15 minutes or so, Archie was free and we were ascending to the surface. When we were approaching the boat, I told Archie to stay down for a second and that I’d signal him up when he was good to come aboard and I floated to the top, climbing into the boat. 

My teammate Yara looked at me “Find anything fun down there? You were gone for an unusually long time."

Before I had a chance to respond, Archie popped out of the ocean and very adeptly climbed into the boat. 

Yara stared blankly. 

“Good going, dumbass.” I looked at Archie angrily, “What happened to waiting for the signal!?”  

“You weren’t going fast enough.” Archie retorted. “I decided to take it upon myself to breathe air again for the first time. While I don’t really need air, I find that it’s better than my lungs sitting stagnant for all those years. I hope you understand”.

After explaining everything to Yara, we made our way back to Madagascar. Archie was good on his promise of gold, and Sophie and I were able to very quickly pay off our student loans. Encountering Archie made me start thinking. If he had survived, what was to say that other vampires wouldn’t have survived too? With Archie, Yara, and Sophie in tow, we set out to find other vampires in order to free them from a boring, underwater existence. 

We even found out that vampires could be sustained with blood from blood banks, which helped to not only get members of occult groups to donate at record levels, it helped when we started finding more vampires. Our goal is to eventually find all the vampires sunk around the world and have them rejoin society as contributing members, rather than as would-be demons of the night. 