They stated their luck but alas, I felt far luckier than any of them could know.

Time was fading away and my eyelids drifted close.

"Number ten is an interesting one! It was the first time his father hugged him! It was also the only time he'd witnessed his father crying. Can you believe that, not before or after but *only* at that moment. What a shocker!"

This can't be, I thought. 

"Number nine is possibly just as wild, it was the first time he saw his own child. He was protesting it was his and merely wanted to watch the DNA test being done, how untrustworthy!"

If death could cry; if death could feel.

"And of course who hasn't experienced number eight! His first kiss, but can you believe where it happened? His friend was distracting the mentors from the group behind an Elks Lodge and he finally leans in for it, giving the girl what she'd been waiting for! What a sweetheart."

"Number seven traipses in as it's his first real memory, but not the most savoury one at that. He's in a hole dug by his father and eating the mud left behind. Bleh! But what can we expect from someone so young?"

Perhaps this was a nightmare before death.

"The fiendish number six, of course. Standing 'round fire with a coven all cloaked and masked, circle drawn and moon alight! What a time! The fire and wine were all they had to keep warm that night but the silence helped soothe the flames."

"Well, five seems to have gone just as off course! There's blood on the court and it's luv - 40! His knuckles have been split by the strings on his racket in a fit of rage! What will the outcome be, how will he be received?"

What have I done to deserve this?

"Coming up next we... have four, which seems to be a scene of him glaring at a man while his sister cries in the next room."

"And for three it seems," She pauses, turns aside and whispers with hurried tone to someone behind the scenes, "It seems we have them being thrown down a set of stairs into a door at the bottom. He... he looks okay."

She begins to sound nervous, "Two barges in with the moment he realised how much a child could change someone's life and how much he'd plan on it changing his. What a courageous love!"

"Out with a bang! Number one seems to be in a dormitory room with his first love and nothing between them but air and tension. It was the last time he looked someone in the eyes and truthfully said he loved them!"

If dark had a shade of starkness. 

"Thank you for watching and may you enjoy the ride!"