Just two more years, and I can get out of this fucking school...

There's thousands of miles of open terrain, mountains, and tight colorado girls that have yet to be fucked by me... two months and i can finally hold an entry level job. My uncle lined up a UPS driver position for me, and i cant help but salivate at the thought of making a decent salary. 

As I'm walking to the bus stop, my buddy Eric walks beside me. He is quiet, and angry, and confused. He is constantly fighting with his parents, so I figured I would give him his space. 

"Yo, Eric, what's the date?" I ask, eyebrows raised. Maybe if I crack a smile, it will brighten up his day. 

"It's April 20th. It's Hitler's birthday," he replies with a voice which is soft, but holds undertones of malice.

Eric had a dark sense of humor, always. There was something mystical about Eric. He never looked into your eyes... He looked past them. His eyes were dead, as if they pierced your skull, and made a burning hole through the back of your dead. Mysticism wasn't something I was unfamiliar with. My father is a special man, to say the least. With thousands of years of conspiracy and sacredness, he never told me the true story of his origin, except that he was from a place called Eden. When I was 12 years old, and barely able to make adult decisions, I got in trouble for vandalizing my schoolground with spray paint... and that's when he gave me the "pouch". The pouch was red and round, and had a snake on the front of it. Whenever I was in a tricky situation, I reached into it, and it gave me the necessary tools to help me out of the situation. Lately, I have been stressed, and have been using the pouch *all of the time*.

I never pass up an opportunity to brighten up somebody's day, so when Eric was smoking his cigarette and waiting for the bus, I reached inside. Expecting a box of Skittles, or a dark joke book, it gave me something out of the ordinary. 

"Brrr," I shivered, with eyes wide open in shock.

"It's not even cold out, why are you shivering?" Eric asked.

The metal on the handgun was freezing cold, and sent shivers through my spine.

In my awe, I didn't answer. 

"Drop that stupid fucking pouch. Why do you always carry that piece of Shit? It's ugly and dirty. It looks like it hasn't been cleaned for 10,000 years. Get your hand out of that thing. How do you expect to pick up girls while carrying that thing around?" Eric angrily stated.

"I don't think we should go inside that bus, eric", I told Eric, with a fearful look on my face.

"Why?" Eric said. 

"I just have a really bad feeling," I replied.

Eric laughed. The bus rolled up, and he lifted up his backpack from the floor, then threw it over his shoulder and onto his back. Metal clanked while it rustled in the air. There was a black bandana strapped to the backstrap.

"I hate school, too. Maybe this will be my last day. Fuck Columbine," Eric said.

*beep beep*

Eric turned around, and walked into the bus. He sat next to his best friend, Dylan. They smiled and shook hands with eachother. I signaled to the bus driver, telling him that I wasn't getting on.

The bus rolled away, and i glanced at it, while I still had my hand inside. I turned my head and made one last glance at the school bus, then sealed the pouch shut with a zipper. 

