Something was obviously wrong. The doctor was pale, and kept her limbs floating free. She was trying too hard to appear aloof. But I pretended not to notice. Doctor Molf's entire job was to break down complicated matters and explain them so muscle-headed military men like myself could understand. It was best that she be allowed to do so at her own pace

"Have you eaten, Doctor?" I signed, "I'm feeling a little peckish myself. Perhaps we could make this a dinner meeting?" 

"Oh, no, sir." Her refusal was swift. "I mean, I couldn't possibly. We're just all so busy down there, and, really, I only came to give you a quick update. Er, no offense, of course."

"None taken, of course." I drifted back into my chair and assumed a relaxed color.  I had hoped the Doctor would take my cue, but she remained uncomfortably at attention, hovering in front of the doorway. After a brief pause, she began signing a little too quickly.

"Well, everything-- Most things have proceeded as we projected. Relative to the probes' data, I mean. Pollutants have piled up to dangerous, but expected, levels. We're particularly concerned about the amount of plastic refuse. The ozone is, well, not unsalvageable, but--"

"Forgive me, Doctor," I interrupted. It wasn't like her to ramble. "but I don't think you'd come in person just to tell me everything's on track. A written report would do for that. Can I assume that some things have not proceeded as we projected?"

A pregnant pause.

"Technology. Some of their technology has... gone into an irregular direction."

My eyes narrowed. "Weapons?"

"Oh, no. I mean, yes, but no. Their most powerful weapons remain thermonuclear arms. They're gotten a little stronger, but nothing to concern us. Mostly they've become more adept at small-scale, intertribal conflict. No, what surprised us was  a sudden leap forward in the development of artificial intelligence."

"What, robots? I thought we expected robots."

"We expected automation," she conceded. "but not to this degree. The programs I'm talking about are full-on sapience simulation. Actual intelligent life, in machine form. This sort of technology ought to be centuries out of their grasp."

That was weird. "Earth" was deep in our own backyard. That's a large part of the reason we had selected it for assimilation. There shouldn't be any interference from the larger interstellar community. Shouldn't be, but...

"Have they been visited before?" I asked,

"That's one realm of possibility we're exploring. But, sir, I really don't think we should get married to any one theory at the moment. What we're dealing with are only extremely preliminary reports. I can't stress that enough."

"Fair enough. Do we know what these suspiciously advanced robots are being used for? Are we talking military drones, or...?"

The Doctor squirmed.

"That's the thing, sir. That's just the thing. It seems the A.I. isn't being used at all. It... Well, it seems to be, that they're fighting. The humans and machines I mean. They're in active combat." 

"Excuse me? They're fighting their own robots?" I signed. It was a struggle to keep an incredulous tint out of my skin. I didn't want to belittle the doctor. "What are you basing that idea on?"

"Local news reports, sir. The most curious thing is, the human governments seem just as surprised by the appearance of advanced A.I. as we are. The revolution, as it were, seems to have blindsided them."

I found myself tapping the side of my beak, and immediately stopped.  It was a bad habit of mine; a sure tell of my mounting frustration. A good leader shouldn't be so easy to read. I collected myself.

"If I remember my reports right, human culture is rather obsessed with fictional stories. Are we certain these 'news reports' aren't actually some sort of entertainment program?"

The Doctor flushed purple and signed, "We are not incompetent, sir."

She was right to be angry. That was an insulting question. I should have known better. I tried to collect myself again.

"Yes, well. Preliminary reports and all that, wasn't it? Why don't you get back to me when you have something a little more... firm." I gestured to the door behind her. I didn't think I would enjoy dinner.

The doctor hesitated. She drifted back to the door, stopped, and drifted back to me. She squirmed again.

"Was there something else, Doctor?"

"Sir. The A.I. emergence was... irregular. And it seems to have coincided with a separate, altogether more... bizarre event."

"More bizarre than a sudden, inexplicable robot upraising?" I turned teal. I couldn't help it. "Well, don't keep me in suspense, Doctor. Do go on."

"As I explained earlier, we currently believe that a war has erupted between the humans and artificially intelligent machines. And.... And we believe that there exists is a third party, also participating in this war." At the start, the Doctor had been signing too fast, but now her tentacles moved slowly and deliberately. Each word was precisely performed and perfectly colored. "The third party is not machine, but also not... quite... human. That is to say, they appear to be formerly deceased humans, given animation via an unknown mechanism."

Absolute stillness.

"Please elaborate, Doctor."

"I'm afraid we don't know much more than that, sir. Only that these corpse-humans are significantly less intelligent than either the living-humans or the machine-humans. They attack and feast upon the living, but don't appear to require nutrition or sustain--"

"You're not making any sense!" Now I was really getting angry. It was her job to make sense. "Dead things do not move, and they don't eat. That's the definition of dead. What are you on about?"

"Believe me, sir, I wish we knew. By all known metrics, these beings are not biologically active. And yet, they move, they--"

"Do they die?" I asked. She didn't respond, so I pressed the question. "To the best of your knowledge, Doctor, will the currently scheduled orbital bombardment eliminate every living, or quasi-living, or whatever thing on that forsaken planet?"

"Well... Yes. Sir. But, sir, we have so many unanswered questions. We've barely scratched the surface! As a scientist, it seems like a such a waste to just... just wipe it all out, mysteries and all."

"This was not suppose to be a complicated assimilation, Doctor. I'm not sure I appreciate you trying to make it complicated."

"Sir. Please. We need only the slightest delay in the schedule. And... Perhaps a few soldiers. If only we could make landfall, our ability to understand the situation would be dramatically increased."

I was tapping my beak again. I stopped. 

"You will have... one month. Planetside time. Yo--"

"Oh, thank you, sir. You won't regret this, I--"

"Let me finish, Doctor." In her jubilance, the Doctor had propelled herself a few meters above me. She sheepishly drifted back down to the floor. "You will have one month. And you will have your soldiers. But I expect prompt results, do you understand me? If all you end up doing down there is scratching your heads, I'm pulling the plug early. And if there is even a single casualty on our side, I'm pulling the plug, and scrubbing that planet clean. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, sir. This is the start of something momentous, sir. You just wait and see."

She probably would've gone on like that if I hadn't shut the door on her. Alone, I swam around the room, mind buzzing. My appetite had vanished. How was I going to explain this to command back home?

~~~

Hey, this is my first time writing after a long break. I'm trying to get back into the swing of things. I'd really appreciate any criticism or advice anyone has.