"Curse? I think it's a boon."

I used to think that way. Whenever I saw others leaving for the heavenly abode, I used to remember her words: "You, you think you're so smart. You are untouchable, huh? Well, I curse you to live until the last human takes its final breathe. Then, and only then, you will be able to feel the pain I am going through."

"Live until the last human.."

I've seen many revolutions. The undying spirit inside every human being. After so much time living on Earth, I don't think I should call myself a human. I made a mistake that day, and ever since, I've been paying for the sin. After seeing so many deaths, I 've become immune to feelings. "So what if you lost a child?! Every person dies sometimes. It was supposed to die too." 

Yesterday, I poisoned an entire village. It's not the biggest massacre ever, compare that to wars countries wage on each other. But I didn't feel any pain. Every man has the chase after his wants. I have the right too. So what if I kill a few humans during this process. 

....

"He's a virus; it's our duty to save the planet from such a threat."

The first of a kind. It's the first time in a life when I am doing something this gigantic. When you know you can live for eternity, there's no urgency. I stopped caring about the time I spent. Now, with my followers working to help me reach my salvation, I don't have time to relax. Still, no urgency.

"It's a terrorist organization."

Terrorist? Me? Oh, you haven't seen the villains present in the society. They enjoy killing people. I condone it. And my goals are higher. I know there's more to life apart from a filthy body. I live but living has many problems too. I can't remember how many diseases I have contracted. Some have even left some permanent damage on this body. They wrong to call me and my people terrorists. 

There are still people somewhere who don't know about us. What I make my people do is a great deed. We work silently. 

...

"160,000 people died in Africa last year"

Why won't anyone listen to me? Here I am, trying to rid myself of this life. But they won't stop making new people. I need more people working for me. If I want to reach salvation, I'll have to work harder. But there's a problem.

"Do you love me too?"

Please don't force me to make a mistake. I should kill you. This girl doesn't understand that I have no feelings whatsoever. Still, she keeps coming back into my life. It's been only 2 years. 2. But she won't give up. She thinks I care for her. I don't. 

"Are you alright?"

I love her. It's been so long since I felt such pleasure, such longing that I can't express it in words. I want to spend my every moment with her. I will make sure that she lives the best life. I can delay my plans. I can't leave her alone.

"The pain I am going through.."

She died yesterday. I told her about everything. She hated me for it. But somewhere in her eyes I could see pity. She felt pity for me. I don't want to live anymore. I'll start over again. 

&#x200B;