"Nope, nope nope nope, not gonna do it." I stared at the young girl with tears in her eyes.

"But... but... mommy said if i dont clean Muffin's box then I can't play on the tablet." Her eyes well up woth tears. "But it's so smelly... I can't do it."

I look at the kitty litter box. It looked like poor Muffin had used it to the last grain. It was sitting out in the garage and the smell was horrendous. It looked like the whole thing would need to be tossed out.

"Please." She said again, her big brown eyes tearing up. She looked no older than 10, but damn was she irresponsible. She deserved not to play on the tablet.

I sighed heavily. "Fine. I'll help ya." I said grabbing gloves and tying a towel around my face. I made sure she put on gloves and a mask as well. "I'm helping. Not doing all the damn work." She nodded enthusiastically.

I nearly threw up as i attempted to shovel the mess. While we chipped and scrapped I wondered why my power brought me here for something so trivial. Usually I'm sent to more dire situations. People in peril, or at wits end. Hell, i was even sent to man just as he fell from a building, but this... this...

"No let me lift it." I said rushing to the girl as she tried to lift the kitty litter bag. We had cleaned and scrubbed the litterbox til it was almost looking new. All that was left was to put in new litter.

We poured it in and I smiled as she thanked me.

"I'm so happy. Now I'll be able to talk to my daddy." Her smile was bright and cheerful.

"Oh, are your parents separated?" I asked.

She nodded. "Daddy is far away. Mommy won't let me see him, but he talks to me all the time on the tablet."

"Where did your dad go?" I asked.

"Mommy said he went to see God. And that we'll see him later. But daddy says I can see him tonight." She looked excited. "I just need to tell him when mommy is asleep so he can come in and see me."

"Ah I see." I said crossing my arms. That was why I was here.

I walked out the side door to the garage as she ran in and told her mommy she was done. I decided to camp out and wait for this girls "daddy" to come see her.

It was around 9pm when i saw an SUV pull up, lights off. A guy dressed in all black climbed out of the backseat and began sneaking to the girls house. Just as he began scaling the wall several lighta lit up the man and the SUV as cops rushed over to apprehend him.

There was a total of three men in the car. Between them they had several pictures of young girls, and a few chats as well. As they were led away i tapped the wall four times, ready to move on.