Live by the sword, die by the sword. That's the way I lived for so long.

The mantra repeated in my head as I looked over to the supposedly powerful being. Even through his skeletal features, I could see the surprise, he'd never been parried before. A grin grew across my lips as I brought my blade up once again. His surprise would the scythe at bay, but I would never let my guard down.

The surprise quickly faded though, and the beast of the end charged at me again at inhuman speeds. I just barely dodged out of the way, his scythe cutting open the air where I'd been. That last attack was faster than before, I had to be ready.

The scythe came down but in all his speed, he turned it at the last second. I was ready for this, it was one of the oldest fakeout tricks, I parried the hit easily. The look of surprise returned to his cloaked face.

I leaped backward, I would never let my guard down. The beast growled, his tone dark, dark enough to strike fear into any ordinary soul. But I was no ordinary soul, even at my old age, my mind was sharp. I squinted hard, bringing my blade up to the defense and ignoring the call to blunder. The beast did as I predicted and charged me again, I turned on my heel, whipping my blade around my wrist to knock the scythe down.

Both of our weapons fell, but I knew it would end this way and I caught mine with my heel, it was light enough. Then, spinning back and grabbing my blade, I thrust it into the hooded cloak. The beast was still grabbing for his scythe when I struck, I felt the blade stick into something.

As soon as I felt the feedback, I retracted my sword and jumped back, bringing it out to the defense. I would never let my guard down. But it wasn't needed. Just as when I'd parried him at the beginning of the fight, he froze. I relaxed my shoulders a sliver and watched the beast's surprise, he'd never been hit before either.

His hood lifted back off his head a bit, exposing the pale white bone to the sunlight above. The dark eyes were riddled with confusion and he slowly turned his head to me. I was about to look, but I recognized the trick, I closed my eyes shut at the last second, my father's warning running through my head. *'Never look into the face of death'*

The embodiment of decay rushed at me once again, his speed even greater than before and I only barely shook off the strike with my eyes closed. I would never let down my guard.

I opened my eyes, already sprinting away from the beast, ready for the flurry of attacks that was sure to hit my side as I ran. But it never came.

After about a dozen strides, I knew he wasn't running after me and I turned back to the beast, expecting to see the same dry surprise as before. I didn't. The hood was completely off now, exposing the powerful, cracked bone of his skull. And what I saw on the beast's face was much more terrifying than anything else it had done yet.

It was smiling. The crooked, bony smile was perfect and horrid at the same time, it spawned a sense of worry deep within me that I rejected as unnatural. He didn't reach for his scythe, it seemed he was done with the fight, but I kept my grip tight on my sword.

I would never let my guard down.

"Impressive display." The words reached my perked ears on the wind, I hadn't even seen his mouth move.

"Thanks," I replied through gritted teeth, unconsciously getting myself in a stance.

The beast apparently noticed what I was doing and raised a dismissive hand. "There's no need for that, I have no desire in keeping this up." His voice sounded unnatural, the air around my ears dried as I heard it.

"Then what do we do now?" I knew he was playing with me, but I would never let my guard down.

The beast chuckled dryly, the horrid sound splintering on my eardrums. "You're special."

I glared at the beast, barely avoiding looking into his eyes. He was toying with me, why couldn't I just strike now? I dismissed my thought, he was smarter than that, he wouldn't let his guard down either.

"And?" I could only muster one word in response.

"It'd be a shame to let someone like you fall to the house of the dead."

My gaze lifted, I glared harder into the cracked bone. "What are you getting at?"

"I could give you another chance." His smile dropped, he was serious. My mind raced, remembering my younger form, longing for more time by the sword.

Would he really give me another chance? The beast noticed the glint in my eye.

"Yes." The dark words reached my ears, forcefully pulling hope up out of my soul.

"What's the catch?" There had to be more.

His grin came back, more devilish than before, I felt a chill run down my spine. "You will have a different body. But you will retain your mind, life would be more a curse if I were to take that from you."

I considered the offer against my better judgments. The same instincts that were guiding my stance were screaming at me to stop. But the beast was serious.

"What do I have to do?"

His grin grew wider. "One touch," he rolled his bony fingers. "and your life is yours again."

My desperate mind agreed and he was on me before I could even say it out loud. He'd seen it in my eyes. His finger approached my shoulder, cooling the air around it as it went. My grip on my blade tightened, but I didn't stop him. The finger touched my skin and my body was filled with an unnatural cold. 

I experienced the most agonizing second of my life before everything went black.

---

I woke up, my body was still cold. For a bit, I thought the beast had lied to me, but I felt a breeze on my skin. I opened my eyes. 

I was lying on a rock, the cold breeze hit me again, making me notice my clothing. I was wearing a torn tunic and light pants, my body felt frail. He hadn't lied to me.

But as I got up, facing the cold air with my unprotected face, I felt an immense sense of regret fill me. This wasn't what I'd wanted. I'd let my guard down.

---

/r/Palmerranian

~~I really wanna do a part 2 but it's really late...~~ [Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Palmerranian/comments/ar6row/by_the_sword_2/)

&nbsp;