The room was oddly silent for a moment, until a few laughs broke the silence.

"General Arthur," the Secretary of Homeland Security chuckled, "now is not the time for a book."  Everyone laughed.  Everyone except the President and Captain Sanders.  Captain Sanders took this assignment thinking, knowing, this would never happen.

"Keith," the President said "I wish it wasn't the case, but you're right."  The laughter stopped.  "Captain Sanders."

"Mr. President!"

"Get the box."  Captain Sanders snapped to attention, and gave a crisp salute.   The seriousness, and down right unbelievable nature of her situation could not overcome 4 years at Westpoint the time in the field.  Captain Erin Sanders did a perfect about face and exited the situation room.  Walking down the hallway the seriousness of the day overcame her.

"Jesus Christ Erin!"  She spoke to herself "get a grip!   Sure, this was never supposed to happen, but its fucking happening!  So DEAL WITH IT!!!"  Behind her she heard a cough.  It was the President's son.  

"Erin,  I'm gonna tell Dad you used a bad word!"  Erin caught herself with her mouth wide open, being starred down by a 9 year old boy.

"As you should Mike.  I know we don't use words like that, and I'll accept whatever you see fit, just don't tell your Dad!"

"DROP AND GIVE ME 20!"  Demanded the President's Son.  Erin didn't have time for this.  The world didn't have time for this.

"How about I sprint down the hall and back instead?"

"Ummm....OK!"  With the first Kid's approval Erin raced to the end of the hall, where she knew the storage cubby was.  She stopped and pressed her thumb in the scanner, and a hidden compartment with a medium sized wooden box inside it opened.  Erin grabbed the box, sprinted down the hall past Mike, back to the situation room.

"Sorry Mike!"  Erin gasped  "Your Dad needs this!"  Erin blew into the situation room and snapped to attention.

"Captain Sanders!"  General Arthur barked.  "Took you long enough."

"Sorry Sir!"

"Apologize to the Earth's people instead.  Give me the box."  Captain Sanders placed the smooth wooden box into the Generals thick hands.  With a reverance reserved for infants and bombs, General Arthur placed the box on a circular table in the center of the room.  All gathered around and starred in interest.  

The President gave Keith Arthur a look of approval.  Slowly, cautiously,  Keith moved his thick, callused hands towards the lid.   During his career he had seen things no man should see, done things that would haunt a mongol.  Still he slept at night.  But now, his hand shook.  Slowly, Keith opened the box.  

Inside it was bright.  It looked like a living room.  In the middle of the box there was a small man, sitting in a small laz-E-boy, watching a small television.   The small, balding man, wore a small white t-shirt, and what looked like stained sweatpants.  He looked to the now open lid, and spoke with a thick Boston accent.

"I've been waiting here for 500 fucking years, and decide to open my fucking house when I'm re-watching the '04 World Series!?"
The room was stunned.

"Well,"  the small man spoke "what the fuck do you want!?"

"Well,"  Keith stuttered  "w-w-we need him.  We need Cthulu"

"Cthulu huh kid?  You need that fucking prick?"

"There are aliens.  They seem to be a threat"

"Yea I bet.  I get the same cable you do.  Fox 25 won't shut the fuck up about it.  Cut into the fucking Bruins game, so I had to turn to the old DVR to relive the greatest night in history."  

"I'm sorry, Guardian of the Dark One" General Arthur didn't know what to do

"It's Pat"

"I'm sorry Pat, but the Earth needs Cthulu's help"  Pat finally stood out of his chair and looked at the gathered people.  He rubbed it chin, adjusted his hair, scratched his butt crack, and took a deep breath.

"Alright, I gotcha"  General Arthur looked to the President.  The president shrugged.

"I'm sorry Pat, but what to you need---"  The room started to shake before General Arthur could finish.

"Sir!" a 1st Lieutenant spoke up "The video feed of the mother ship has something...something strange on it."  A shadow formed behind the ship,  a shadow with wings and great tentacles.  "Sir...I...I don't know...."  The shadow raised a great fist and brought it down on the ship causing it to erupt in a great fireball.  
"Sir, the ship is gone"

"I have eyes" General Arthur finally sounded like himself again.  "I can see what's happening."  With that General Arthur turned to the box again

"There you go fellas,  now if you'll excuse me.  I have a game to watch"  With that Pat reached for a rope attached to the lid of his box and slowly began to close it again.  But before it was all the way closed he turned to General Arthur once more.  "I hope it was worth it."

"What do you mean?"  the General asked.  But Pat had already closed the lid.  General Arthur turned to the screen once more.  The alien ship was still burning, and the great shadow was still there.  For the first time in a long time Keith Arthur scared, and he wanted a hug.  He reached for his side-arm instead, raised it to his temple, and slowly squeezed the trigger.
