"Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800's?"

The question didn't even get finished in all of it's capacity before I turned towards the beauty before me.

Long, platinum blonde hair flowing evenly in strands as she tucks the ones in her face behind her ear. Gauges, eyebrows and a medusa piercing all adding to her charm. Light brown eyes pierce the very depths of my core as she studies who she's looking at. The sharp angles of her face, clearly distinguishable by the respect she holds for herself, only adds to the mystique to her entire character.

But this person was not unknown to me.

Nay.. I daresay I've known this person for quite some time.

"Jordan! My god, I can't believe it! I mean I can, cause I'm here too, but my goodness you look just as good now as you did when we met on that bench overlooking that canal!" I say, my arms outstretched towards her reciprocating a hug.

"Yes, David. I'm glad you do remember me. I'd never thought I would see you, of all people, again. God really does have some weird instructions with us, doesn't he?" A sparkle, barely noticeable, glittering in her eye as her face lights up with an unseen passion.

"Pft." I scoff, as I sip on my 4th bourbon. 


"You really think he still has a plan for people like us? I hardly believe it. Not after all the death I've been around." My shoulders slouch as if disappointment was a feeling I've never experienced before.

"You're not wrong to think that way, David. But it obviously was his intention for us to meet once more. Don't you think that in itself is a sign for good things to come?" She tries to shake me out of my stupor, looking for signs of life in someone that has long since forgotten what it means to be full of it.

"..Jordan, I don't think of things as "good" or "bad" anymore. I just let life do it's own thing while I watch on the sidelines. You should learn to do the same, just appreciate remaining on this hamster wheel while it still functions." I finally manage to get her grip off me, and as I turn to look at her, the expression on her face turns normal.

"Well, if you ever want that to change, come find me here. I'll show you what it means to appreciate life again." She hands me a slip of paper, and walks out the front door of the bar. The wind immediately catching her grace, a ray of sunshine kissing her cheek as if she was meant to be here.

I scoff again. I slam down the rest of my bourbon.

"Thanks, Chuck. I'll see you around."

The barkeep waves me off as I lay another generous tip down on his table. I grab my coat and turn to leave.

As I do, I immediately catch the scent of Rosemary. My favorite. I follow it outside. The dull insides of the bar has muted the rest of the world, as I've just came face to face with the bustling city that is Los Angeles. I see kids, playing street basketball with their buddies. I see wall art being painted on one of the neighboring buildings by talented spray artists. I see homeless men and women being fed and laughing to jokes being told to them as a kind soul was willing to help them. I see young teenagers helping the elderly cross the street. I see the circle of life.

I still smell that Rosemary. I look at the slip of paper Jordan has given me, with her street address and a little smiley face at the end.

I throw my jacket on and decide, once more, that I will give this thing called "Life" a shot.


Thank you for reading.

