"Good morning folks, Jim Jimmies here with DEF news at 9. Some major controversy lately has appeared in the confirmation of the existence of God as well as his equally sudden departure. As one can imagine a crisis of faith has been had worldwide though to help settle our doubts we have his apparent replacement here for an interview. Ladies and gentleman of our studio audience, please welcome Bob!"


"Thanks JJ, great to be here"


"Please don't call me that. But anyhow there's been a lot of commotion worldwide concerning this fairly extraordinary turn of events hasn't there?"


"I wouldn't say that JJ, the numerous human lives lost in the many suicide pacts and shooting as perpetrated by religious extremists are but invisible specks of sand in an impossibly large and swirling cosmic ocean. What do you call this hot drink by the way? it's fantastic."


"Ummm...That's called Coffee and it's a staple of a modern human breakfast".


"On second thought spare me the details I read the cliff notes, so, you had questions?".


"Ah, yes. We have opened questions up to the public. The first one comes for MattSeymor32 on twitter and asks "What exactly is your game plan?".


"Very reasonable as questions go. Well the first thing I want everyone to know is that I plan to be a much more hands on deity, no more cryptic bull excrement about "Plans" and setting bushes on fire and all that shiz. I have a very clearly outlined itinerary I intend to follow."


"Interesting, care to share some details with us?"


"Hells to the no my homo-sapien, I'm not gonna let you apes in on the "plan". You trusted God for what? *millions* of years and you didn't even know that guy existed until now. And since me and him are basically in the same percentile you should all just relax, okay?"


"That...raises far more questions but I think I'm just gonna move on to the next one. A_Toole40 asks "But what about Atheism? or the other religions? What's going oooooooooonnnnnn?!?"


"Knew this one would come up, so, the underlying science-and yes it is a science-of godhood is a little beyond humanity right now so I'll try to explain as best I can. Everyone is technically correct in some way and also technically not correct, it's relative really".


"Well that just...answered nothing and even contradicted itself. Okay final question of the day and this is coming from me, what's the first thing you're gonna do as Gods replacement?"


"Well- I intend to make well on my promise to be more direct with my Boblieness. As such I want to start big by fixing New Jersey and then going on from there."


"Oh, well, that certainly isn't the answer I expected. How may I ask do you intend to fix New Jersey?"


"With lasers, of course".