'Why have you summoned me, mortal?'

Simon stood dumbfounded in a swirl of quickly dissipating but still acrid smoke, Allen key hanging loosely from his fingers. 

 A terrible visage stood before him. A creature of unrelenting force and presence stood before him, all muscle, claws and teeth and ...horns. It reared up on to its full height on its goat like legs, spreading its wings and snorted a noxious cloud of breath, overwhelming Simon's senses with sulphur. 

'...w...what?' Was all he could manage. 

'You have summoned me, mortal. You have spoken in the ancient, unearthly tongue and now here I stand before you. Awoken from the hellish realm. What do you have to offer, and what is your desire?'

'I think there may have been some...mistake?' He ventured weakly. 

 Clearly he hadn't grasped the enormity of the situation. The presence of what could only be described as this, hell beast, threw up so many ecumenical, physiological, physical and spiritual questions. But he could only think to offer it some tea and apologise for this whole charade, even though he had no idea why it was here in the first place. 

 The demon regarded the cup of tea. 

'This will not suffice for any request...' The demon stated in a low, grumbly tone. 

'Perhaps some sugar would make it better?'

'I usually deal in souls, sacrifices. Virgins and whatnot' The demon clarified with an impatient sigh.

'Uhh, look, I really am sorry but I have no idea why you're here. I was just minding my business, building this chair...'

'Chair?' The demon cut Simon off. 

'Yes I...'

The demon slapped itself in the face with its mighty paw in demonic exasperation. 

'I swear I will rend those responsible for this travesty from their meat prisons and torture their souls for two eternities! How did they manage to spread my unholy name so far and wide?'

Simon looked puzzled for a moment. He looked at the simple steel and plastic chair and then the demon. A smile started to creep upon his face and he tried to suppress it. 

'You mean your name is...Jeff?'

'Yes. Jeff. Destroyer of hope, defiler of dreams, renderer of souls! What of it, human?' 

'You must get summoned a lot, it's a very common name here on...Earth' He said lamely.

 'It is more about how you say it, rather than the letters themselves.' The demon explained in a pained tone. 'The process of assembling that infernal contraption just seems to bring out the correct pronunciation in people.'

 'Well I did trap my hand in the folding mechanism...' Simon ventured. 

'Well, now what?' He asked the Demon. 

'I cannot leave until I have some bidding to do or a soul to take' The demon said, sitting down with his head in his hands.

'Well, I could use some help finishing this chair' Simon said, rubbing his sore hand.

The demon raised an eyebrow. 

'I am a DEMON. I have done battle with god's most pious angels, I have destroyed more worlds and tortured more souls than I can remember. I can grant you ANY request for the right price and you want me to finish building a...chair?'

'Uh, yes?'

'You would sell your eternal soul for a chair?' The demon stated flatly. 

'Not my soul...'

Simon held up the pages of an IKEA catalogue. 

'This is the address and number for Ikea's marketing department. Those responsible for taking your...unholy name in vain.'

The Demon let a satanic grin cross his face. 
'Usually it is forbidden to offer the soul of another. But in this case I'm sure I can make an exception. Consider your chair complete.'

And in an explosion of fire and smoke the demon was gone. 

Simon prodded the chair with his foot. Seemed sturdy enough. Then sat down to enjoy his tea with a satisfied grin on his face. He wondered if any other furniture shared a name with hellspawn.  He hoped so, he'd never have to build any furniture ever again. 