The TV flickers, forcing Stan to look up and give it attention. His wrists are throbbing where the metal restraints sit.

“Comrades!” Great Leader Kim Jong Un begins

“The American’s circle us having chosen the path of aggression. But do not fear – we have prepared for such an event”

“The time has come for the revolution to make way for the great golden age. An age shaped by our ideological and spiritual characteristics, an age that will suit the work style of all our service personnel and weapon scientists.”

“As Champions of ‘The Great Peace’ it is with great difficulty that we declare today that one bullet fired from a western gun will be met with the immediate launch of Nuclear Weapons upon various U.S. cities”

Stan lost interest and looked back down at his naked torso. He noticed the rags they had given him to cover his modesty were causing a rash on his inner thigh. He closed his eyes hoping the throbbing would have stopped when he awoke.

Above the North Korean camp where Stan was being held, a Harrier was embarking on another reconnaissance mission of the area.

The pilot turned to his young co-pilot “That’s an unusual heat signature, can you zoom in?”

The young co-pilot did as requested although wasn’t really sure what he was looking for. His superior glanced over once more and became visibly excited.

“SkyMantis to GroundHawk - I think we’ve found him! By God, I think we’ve found him, over”

“Tag and return, do not engage, do you copy? Over”

“I copy Sir but I count only four bogeys on site; we could get this over with now. Over”

“We are on nuclear alert; one bullet fired could be met with World War 3. Return to base that is an order, over”

Obeying orders, the Harrier returns to the USS Gerald R. Ford carrier.

It is on this carrier where President Stan Smith’s wartime cabinet are assembled, only 118 miles from the city of Kilju.

Vice President Avery Bullock, acting President of the United States of America, addresses the rest of the room.

“Gentlemen, I am bored of this coward, bored of his brainwashing rhetoric and bored of modern warfare” he pauses to sip from water.

“One bullet he says? Fine, let’s play!”

The rest of the delegation look around at each other confused before one of them pipes up reluctantly.

“Let’s play? Sir”

“Well done Roger; you have ears that work!”

Before anyone could cut in, he continued.

“This madman thinks that Nuclear Weapons win wars and has thus strived for them at the expense of his people – I feel the time has come to show them that wars were once won without nukes and without guns. This primitive man, will be wiped out primitively”

One fist hits the table with his final word whilst the other immediately picks up the phone.

“Prime Minister Farron, I trust you saw the Korean address? Good, then you will know that time is running out for our President. Can I please borrow the services of the Madman?”

A lot of nodding proceeded and, after 2 minutes of picking up the phone, Avery Bullock ended the call declaring “Brilliant, I expect him at 0600 hours sharp”

He dismissed the room and retired to his quarters, there was nothing left for him to do but wait.

At 0554 the next morning an RAF Eurofighter approached the vessel and touched down with relative ease. Moments later a rather large Briton appeared in traditional army attire. His gear however was anything but ordinary.

Jack Churchill was carrying a full set of bagpipes on his left shoulder, had a sheathed sword on his right hip, and was carrying what looked like a long bow on his back.

Needless to say, the U.S. service men were confused, some insulted.

“Our president has been captured and our allies send an old man with wooden arms!” shouted one of them.

Mr Churchill approached Vice President Bullock, who was waiting at the end of the craft’s runway, and offered him his right hand.

Embracing the handshake, Avery engaged in small talk. “My colleagues are questioning the sword Sergeant”

"Any officer who goes into action without his sword is improperly dressed." Came the quick response. “When do I begin?”

“There is a plane ready for take-off behind you if you are ready…”

“Let’s play!”

Back at the compound, Stan wakes from his slumber to find the throbbing hadn’t stopped and that his rash is more red. He sighs and tries to extend his right leg to his left thigh but the ankle restraints stop giving an inch from itch. His head drops again but seconds later it fires back up at the sound of bagpipes coming from outside. He then watches four Korean guards sprint past his barred door.

Gunfire follows; lots of it. Stan can’t help but notice however that none is being returned.

Outside, The British Sergeant has taken pride of place behind a tree, sat, playing the bagpipes whilst wave after wave of bullets rally the tree. He finishes his song before removing his hands from the pipes and removing his bow.

He draws a deep breathe before drawing an arrow. With cat like speed he stands, scopes, and releases before crouching back down. He has no time to watch the arrow but the noise of human skin being pierced is unmistakable. The agonising groan confirms the hit.

Fearing the tree may fall, Jack picks up his pipes and moves to his next cover.

He sits behind the jeep whilst drawing another arrow. This time he gets the satisfaction of seeing the hit as he fires over the vehicle into the thigh of his victim. Another arrow follows, this time hitting the chest to put the poor guy out of his misery.

‘Two down, two to go’ he thought as he drew his sword and ran from cover at an isolated Korean.

The Korean turned round just in time to watch a possessed man shove a sword through his gut. The ensuing scream grabbed the attention of the final guard who immediately opened fire. Using the guard stuck on the end of his sword as cover, Jack started to advance on the gunman’s position. The gunman’s clip emptied and as he started to reload Jack dropped his sword, and therefore the human shield perched at its end, and grabbed his pipes.

Fearlessly walking toward the reloading Korean he started playing.

The gunman looked up and started to clumsily paw at his rifle. He wasn’t quite sure what was going on but he didn’t fancy his chances. The music stopped just as he finished his awkward reload and as he lifted his gun to find a target a sharp pain ran through his neck, before he could figure out why his lifeless body hit the floor.

Jack reclaimed his throwing knife before pacing back to where his sword had pinned the other guard down.

Giving no thought about whether the U.S. intelligence was correct, he marched into the tiny, two-roomed shack to find a half-naked man pinned to a wall by his limbs. He grabbed his radio.

“Come and get us SkyMantis, package acquired. Not a single bullet fired, over”