I felt death creep over me, I welcomed it and closed my eyes, eager to escape. 

Just as expected I found myself on top of a cloud with a *stunning* woman with wings smiling in front of me. She had long blond hair, blue eyes, and was wearing a robe. The whole cloud was illuminated with a radiant golden light, and beyond the literal angel I could make out a pair of enormous gates made out of some sort of translucent material, diamond or pearl most likely.

I looked up to the angel who had smile that sped up my heartbeat. "I...is this heaven?" was all I could manage.

She just smiled, "what do you think?"

Of course it was heaven, who wouldn't know it. The cloud, the light, the gates, it was all exactly how I expected it to be. "*I* made it to heaven?"

She laughed, the laugh of a young woman, not at all like an immortal angel, "Of course you did, Mark. What? You didn't think you would?"

"I..." I averted my eyes from the angel. "It..it's just that I had doubts you know? Towards the end. Was what I doing really right?"

Again she gave me the smile that made all my my worries vanish. "Oh Mark, your penance is done."

I looked at her sharply, "my penance?" 

She nodded solemnly and said softly, "you were in hell, Mark."

I gulped. "*That* was hell?!" My mind went over my life, my childhood, teenage years, and my adulthood... All of it was a punishment. 

I started to cry.

The angel leaned down and held my head in her arms. "I understand how awful that must have been, Mark, but it had to be done, it was the Lord's will." 

I nodded absently, still sobbing. 

"I'm sorry to ask this, Mark, but to gain entry to heaven you have to tell me what you learned, what you felt. It's just a formality, an exit poll of sorts."

I shook my head, tears finally subsiding. "I..I can't, don't want to think about it again."

"I'm sorry, Mark, I really am, but you have to. If you don't you can't enter." Her eyes shone with tears, no doubt hurt to see my sorrow.

"I...alright. I'll be quick, though," I warned.

The angel nodded, and stepped away from me, motioning for me to begin.

"Well Mom and Da-"

"Oh!" The angel interrupted, "You can't lie either, Mark, if you do you can't enter until you tell the truth."

I gulped. I had been hoping to skip over or modify some details, but if I was just going to have to tell it again I decided just to tell the truth, to get all out of my system for the last time. 

"Yeah...my Mom and Dad were fine in the beginning I guess, when I was young. But as I turned around 13 they...they stopped loving me."

I paused to take a shuddering breath.

"They didn't like what I was doing in my time. Said I shouldn't be hanging out with the wrong sort of people, that I shouldn't do drugs. They didn't even like it when I played with the Squirrels! They said what I was doing was sick, that they were alive and could feel pain. I mean...they were just squirrels, and it was fun. "

The angel nodded along solemnly, "...terrible," she said.

I nodded, finally, someone who understood. I continued, "and...and then there was Megan in college. I really liked her, like *really* liked her. She didn't even talk to me. But I knew she liked me too, the way she walked around in front of me, wearing those clothes...It was obvious that she wanted me too, I had consent.."

The angel's face was blank, and she said nothing. 

I hurried to continue. "After that, you know, I panicked. Megan was really crying, and then she was angry. And...and I couldn't do anything to *her* you know, that would be wrong. I couldn't kill her.

"Of course you couldn't, Mark," said the angel.

"So I ran," I was hurrying now, the story soon to end, "and the police came after me. Pointed guns at me. I was in a car, and this one officer stepped in front of the road, gun pointed at me. I...I couldn't just get out of the car, turn myself in, you know? I had to protect myself. It was self defense!"

I looked to the angel for confirmation, but the angel had turned away from me, her face hidden by a golden swath of hair. 

A"After that, well, I just drove...drove and drove. Thinking. I thought I'd messed up, that I was a bad person. That maybe I wasn't doing the right thing. I...I couldn't bear to think like that, think that I was a monster this whole time. So..." I shrugged, "I ended it, drove off a cliff." 

I looked down, drained, ashamed. "I shouldn't have had any doubts. I made it here didn't I? I wasn't a bad person then! I really have learned a lesson."

The angel turned back to me. I expected her to smile, to cry.

I didn't expect her to be angry.

It was a terrible thing, witnessing her rage. It was terrifying. Thunder rumbled and the cloud I was standing on began to darken, the gates of heaven began to smoke. 

The angel looked at me, so intensely that I felt she was looking at my soul. "Your punishment is far from over, Mark, you sorry thing." Her voice held no sympathy however, just an intense rage, "This is your curse, your personal hell. This is 52nd time you have lived that life, and like all times you never learn, you tell me the same sick story, and think that you deserve to be in heaven."

I stared at her.

"You disgust me, Mark. Now go, live again, feel the doubt, the pain, the terror, all over again. Do it again and again, and maybe after a million years you will realize the error of your ways."

"N...no," I stammered, shocked at this turn of events, "I made it to heaven! It's over!"

She laughed a terrible laugh. "Goodbye, Mark, see you in another life." 

***
Feedback is always welcome, and if you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)



 