No allow me, oh Muse, to sing the time of travel

Of the glorious winged shipfleet of Sardinians

That dared defy the dictates of Aeolus.

The noble Septus Animus Tenacis,

Supported by the *pluribus denaribus*

That golden grain from black earth born had earnt him,

He fed his dreams but not with things for humans;

He rather went to wish that which is godly.

Now fear, oh listener, to whimsy fiddling

With things that are deserved not by the mortals;

For we cannot, by earthly finite measures

blind, conceive the cosmos and the Olympus,

No matter how much fake gold shine's upon us.

Animus had gold inside his sockets

-To that extent had deadly greed preyed on him-

That showed himself his place up in the heavens.

The myths that filled his head were thin but Septus

Was deft at selling them to lower people

As easily seducted by the blue skies

As Septus was: those people were a captain,

A couple of Cisalpine mercenaries

And crew to drive the craziest expedition

That dared defy the dictates of Aeolus,

A crew which, truth be told, was not just lured in

By ludicrous amounts of Septus' money,

But by the simplest form of human dumbness:

The wish to meet a god an to defy them.

For word was spread from Britons to Hispalensis

That Septus had a plan to meet Mars Pater;

To meet him in a duel and then stab him,

And for this purpose from his coins he ordered

An artisan to craft a spear of golden

So bright that it could close the eyes of Helios,

Such spear would bear on top the crimson banner,

"Senatus Populusque Romanus"

A cry of joy from human turning godlike,

Such was the feeling Animus expected.

But gods' gazes get lit up by humans

Who dare defy their status of inmortals.

And so, the God of War and of the City,

In magical exposure of his prowess,

Lifted up the winged boat, and quickly

Made it cross the heavens like an eagle

Until he faced the crew of fool contenders.

"I'll have you know, weak, flesh-covered earthdust;

Upon thee is my being, Mars, the Father,

The fiercest god that's ever crossed the heaven,

You are to me but insects. Bite my surface,

For I won't pose a fight. The time will beat you."

And so, it ends the crew of Septus Animus,

Which dared defy the dictates of Aeolus.

Eroded by the sands of time and hunger,

Impotent to the power of the Father.

The lance of gold is held by Mars, forever

Reminder of the arrogance of mortals

Who dared defy the God of War, his faces

No more than grains of dust in a red desert.


-*Found in an anonymous Latin inscription, circa 50 BC (translation's mine)*