I walked into Gemini’s office and plunked the black machine onto her desk.

“G, we hit the mother load” I said grinning from ear to ear. 

Gemini rolled her eyes. She is the skeptical type. She fixed her work suit, pulling her tie and fixed her glasses which made light dance across her green eyes.

“Look Ares, you keep demanding that I extend your time on Earth Sector 5, so if you want me to continue this, you better bring me something interesting” she said, pulling back her long red hair into a ponytail.

I began to plug the machine into the office holodeck. It took me a long time, as it takes time to get one of these old machines up and running.

“Ares, what is this?” She asked, as I plugged it in.

I held up my finger as I plugged in the last wire. 

“This is a cultural milestone” I said, “This device is a toy of sorts, back in the day they were called video game consoles”.

I pressed the button, a circle with an X on it glowed brightly. I smiled, I hadn’t seen one in ages. A screen came up above by a projection. 

“So what?” She asked, “There are likely others”.

A green screen came up: “Xbox-Nintendo Phoenix” flashed in white text. 

Gemini looked on in interest. I knew she would find this unique. So few actually worked. I knew I had her interest.

She sat next to me as a couch popped up next to her. 

“So, where is the holodeck?” She asked.

“Back then they didn’t have it, or at least it wasn’t commercial” I said. 

A menu popped up. In it were hundreds of games. Each on in it’s own little box. 

“So what do we play?” She asked, smiling from ear to ear.

I used the controller I had to move the cursor to: RESUME GAME

The screen went white. 

After a few moments, A voice began to speak: “To whoever plays this game, I wish to thank you for being there for us. For always being there. It’s been thirty five years since our last installments. But I think that it is time to show you, what we have done in that time. This is Gabe, signing out”

A logo appeared, of a wheel. Then I saw two images, one of a Game Called Team Fortress Three, and a game called Portal Three.

Then, after a long silence, I saw an Orange Circle with a Three Worded Title:

Half Life 3