Feel like this is related to a recent prompt, but here's my version:

"HELLOOOOO!"

Again with the shouting. Why couldn't people just learn to think quietly?

"HERE LITTLE TELEPATH WHERE ARE YOU?"

And of course they were looking for me, it couldn't have been one of the others just this once could it?

"WE KNOW YOU'RE HERE,"

That mind. It's right next to my hiding spot, I was crouched in a small cupboard. Next to me was a mop, a bucket or two and lots of cleaning chemicals, but no way out without being seen. Crap.

"Don't come out. Stay down." That voice was different, it was trained almost like another telepathic mind was talking to my own. The voice had said to stay down and to stay in my hiding spot, but I didn't know if I should trust it. Right as I was going to give in and step out of the cupboard I froze, the thoughts from the others near me were gone, the group looking for me, the shouting man who led the group wasn't even thinking about opening the door. I slowly moved to be ready to dash out the door just in case but it was pointless.

My movement allowed me a brief glimpse through the keyhole, it was an old door with one of those old style locks where you can see all the way through. The image of the men on the other side of the door still burns in my mind as I train each day.

"I told you to stay down" the calm voice, of what could only be my savior, reminded me even as a black cloth covered the hole I was looking through. But still, all four of the men pressed against the walls their faces blue from a lack of oxygen and their leader pinned with blood dripping like tears from his eyes... His arms contoured around him in such a way that could never be natural. It filled me with dread and hope at the same time.

Now I sit alone in my forest every day. Using my mind to not only search for people and animals, but also to manipulate the world around me. I am still weak, nowhere near the strength of my Saviour, the man I now serve as an apprentice too. The man who showed me that humans would no longer rule those of us with gifts, not once we were ready.

Sorry for any typos, etc. I'm sitting waiting for my train which is pulling in now. I will correct any mistakes once I'm home and if you guys want I will write a part two or maybe flush out the gap between the past and the present.

Edit: Grammar and Typos, should be a lot better now :D