   John didn't know why he had been chosen to decorate his nephew's birthday cake. He couldn't put sprinkles on a cookie he was so bad. But the truth was that no one in his family was a good cook, they were all too busy with taxes to learn how to apply frosting to a hunk of flavored bread. However, John knew how to boil spaghetti on a stove, so his family figured he could be a talented cake-artist too. It's not like John could say "no" to his grandma.

   To pass the time, John put in his ear-pods and listened to his favorite artist, good ol' Elvis Presley. John's grandma was the one that got John interested in Elvis, and music as a whole. As John took out the blue food dye, he mumbled along to "Hound Dog", although he wasn't good with remembering some of the lyrics. It had been so long since he'd listened to it.

   He mumbled the lyrics the best he could while applying the icing onto the cake, sloppily dressing it until it looked half-way presentable. He paid no attention to the hole in the floor, slowly growing larger and larger. Soon enough the floor started to shake, and the great portal in the floor was too large too ignore. The cake nearly collapsed as pots and pans fell on the floor, being sucked into the vortex.

   Suddenly, the portal closed and a ginormous dark figure rose from the where it was. The thing was crimson, with a pair of ram's horns, a bulky yet shriveled body, and a face of a goat-human hybrid. "I have been summoned for the first time since 1518!" the great man in a deep and booming voice. "Who the hell are y-" John  spoke in a loud, scared tone. "Silence!" the demon interrupted, "How did you summon me? My ritual is the hardest to perform, and my deals are the most brutal to break!" "I was just listening to Elvi-" John explained, before being interrupted with a sudden exclamation from the demon. 

   "ELVIS?!" cried the demon, "Never in my years as Puermalus the terrible have I ever seen someone use the root of all evil to summon me! Don't you know the powerful evil rock-and-roll possesses?" "That's it, I'm done," Puermalus proclaimed, "You can no longer summon a demon. You ARE a demon." He lunged forward into John and, like it had never happened, everything lost to the portal was back in its original spot.

   As John took a step back to process what had just happened, he spotted a piece of stone of the table next to the cake. It was written in Latin, yet John could perfectly understand it even though he had never learned Latin before. It read "As demon, thou can do no right. As thee must commit arson and plight. But when it comes to family close, thou can do what matters most." John knew what he would do. With the help of a little witch-craft, John's birthday cake was the best cake his nephew had ever had.