"Well, crap. Alright, you got me." the teddy bear said in an adorable voice. I just looked at it in shock. "Wait. You were- Dammit!" it said, and then sat down with it's arms crossed.

"Why?" I finally asked, just to pierce the awkward silence.

"It amused me! That's why I do anything." he responded.

"So you're a psychopath." I concluded.

"Did I kill you? Is your life really so bad, treacherous girlfriend aside?" he asked.

"I'm useful to you, aren't I?" I wondered, assuming the worst.

"No! Look, people say a lot of bad things about me. I can't blame them, I've done my fair share of screwing people over and laughing at their misfortune. But I'm not a monster, or a devil. I just realized what god never wanted to admit, that the universe is a game meant to be played!"

"Why should I believe you?" I asked.

"Because I was the one who convinced god to become the all-loving being he is now. He was a jerk, until I did what he did and he realized people don't like being treated like toys. As punishment for not realizing what I'd taught him, he turned me into a teddy bear until the end of time. It took a while to realize why he did it, but I was passed from father to daughter and mother to son for centuries. I was a stuffed toy long before someone named toy bears after President Roosevelt, and by seeing how people treated children I found out something."

"What?"

"Everyone deserves to have fun! What do you think you'd do in heaven? What do you think evil souls are used for in hell? Play is half the point of life." it said.

"What's the other half?" I said, curious.

"Love. Your girl-fiend screwed with her new boy toy on the bed you're sitting on right now. Forget her, find someone who actually cares about you." it told me. "I'm just going to hide in the back of your closet so you don't give me to your kids, god knows you'd never trust me with them."

"Uh... devil?" I asked.

"Yeah?"

"Thanks for the advice."

"No problem."

I guess I realized why I named my teddy bear "Debble" when I was little...