Evidenzbureau Vienna, August 10, 1910.

For an undetermined reason, there have been many strange unidentified foreigners in cloaks who have had an obsession with finding one of our citizens, Adolf Hitler. They dress up in strange cloaks and always carry a weapon, usually a knife or a handheld firearm. We have already recovered three bodies of unidentified individuals, but our autopsies are often inconclusive.

We have had one informant [redacted] sent to tail Adolf Hitler for two weeks now. This was our informant's transcript of Hitler's meeting with a 56th foreigner in the Cafe Schwarzenberg. The meeting took place at approximately 1030 on August 7, 1910. Both parties spoke German, although the foreigner spoke it with a distinctive American accent.

BEGIN TRANSCRIPT:

Hitler: I will tell you, it is a breath of relief to finally meet a hooded man who doesn't want to kill me. I must have made some mistake so heinous that the Evidenzbureau wants my head.

Auslander: Don't worry, my friend. There are no mistakes, only happy accidents.

H: There are mistakes. I left August. I lived a bohemian lifestyle while my mother wasted away with cancer. All for a pipe dream of becoming an artist. I can't do it. I just can't. Every time I try I get shot down. It's almost as if the whole world is against me.

A: You see, the secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe. I started painting as a hobby when I was little. I didn't know I had any talent. I believe talent is just a pursued interest. Anybody can do what I do."

H: But I've spent so much money painting! I've sunk in so much time and yet I still haven't seen much improvement! It just feels so hopeless.

A: All you need to paint is a few tools, a little instruction, and a vision in your mind. There's nothing more to it.

(beat)

A: It's quite beautiful, really. I can't think of anything more rewarding than being able to express yourself to others through painting. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul.

H: Do you really feel as if your soul is being lifted while you paint?

A: Of course. There's nothing quite like the feeling you get when you paint happy little trees.

H: I may as well give it a try. Very well. I'll invite you back to my studio. I hope it had better not be a mistake.

A: It'll just be a happy accident, where we go a little crazy. Remember, you have unlimited power on the canvas. You can literally move mountains.

END TRANSCRIPT:

After this conversation, the party leaves. This American, who goes by the name Bob Ross, is still acting as a mentor for Adolf Hitler. No other foreigners obsessed with Hitler have arrived. Personnel will continue to check our wiretappers in his studio and his home.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Adolf Hitler,

Thank you for your interest in the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. Unfortunately, we have many qualified applicants and so decided that other applicants were a better fit with our Fine Arts program. 

We appreciate your interest in the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. We wish you the best of luck in your artistic interests, or where ever life may take you. Do not feel discouraged, for many of our students do not make our benchmark. Again, best wishes in where ever your life goes.

Best Regards,

Christian Griepenkerl