The wind is whipping against my hair, carrying away the billows of smoke escaping my mouth, lashing a silent rebuke in my ears. My hovercar is the only one on the highway, cruising at 200 miles to nowhere.

I pull hard on my cigarette as the first holo-ad materializes in the distance, having identified me personally.

KENNETH STETTER, the hologram reads as it beams into my eyes, WOULDN’T YOU RATHER BE ELIGIBLE FOR LIFE EXTENSION? YOU COULD IF YOU QUIT SMOKING!

I allow a faint smile to lightly touch my lips. No, I think to myself. I’m quite done with this life, and if the nanomachines did not prevent me from ending my own life more quickly, I may not even be reading this now.

My finger stabs the dashboard controls, and my hovercar doubles in speed, blazing down the highway. The cigarette framed between my fingers threatens to be carried away by the turbulence, but I hold on, as tightly as I can.

KENNETH STETTER, the second hologram a few miles on begins, SOCIETY WOULD WELCOME YOU BACK IF YOU RENOUNCED CONTROL OVER YOUR WIFE’S TOBACCO COMPANY. DO YOU NOT WANT TO BE AROUND PEOPLE AGAIN?

My face is numb, my hands are aching, but a fire burns within me. Give it up? Give up the one thing which brought my wife and I together, as we fought to keep the company alive even whilst all the others were shuttering their doors one by one? Relinquish the one facility left in this country which could produce compact little hits of heaven, just for me?

The third hologram, perhaps sensing my petulant resolution to double down, went for my jugular. I had known there was public pressure to eradicate smoking entirely from our society, but this…

KENNETH STETTER, it said, forcefully payloading its message into my brain via aged eyes too slow to turn away, IF THE TWO OF YOU HAD NOT SMOKED THAT NIGHT, MAYBE SHE WOULD STILL BE HERE?

The tears cloud my vision, flowing up from a blackened heart I had thought was no longer capable of such tender emotions. The guilt I had learned to tame over troubled decades of infighting calls to me, from over the horizon, as it whispers in cruel lilting tones, reminding me that they never agreed on the exact cause of the fire. 

And in that moment, I consider flicking the cigarette to the flowing streams of asphalt below, chucking the cartons carrying its cousins over as well. 

… but then the aroma, the honeyed smoke, wafts into my nostrils, and the pungent scent dredges up precious memories, transporting me back to those years ago… of long drives with her, holding her as she laughed in my arms, of lying in bed afterwards when she would sleep and I would sidle up close, just us, two of us, drunken in our euphoria of being with each other…

I can’t recall her face anymore, or her voice, and on some days, even her name. Time has taken those away from me.

Yet, I feel her next to me, just as it was, as it should be, whenever the lovingly rolled tobacco yields its jealously-hoarded secrets to the searing flames, and the smell, the smell of her, envelopes me.

The fourth, fifth, six holograms down the road come to life, carrying messages designed to cut, to provoke, to push me to drop the last cigarette.

But I’ll never do that.

My lungs extract the last of my cigarette, and as it turns to ash, dissolving in the currents swirling by me, I’m already lighting another.

Down the highway, the neverending highway, my hovercar streams.

---

/r/rarelyfunny