It started off small. 
I brought some cheap screws and an oil can to a job because I had gotten busted twice when homeowners heard a floorboard creak or a hinge squeak. Almost got my head blown off the second time. 

Not anymore. 

The town I prowl is rich, not super rich but old money comfortable rich. Lots of old people, lots of big mostly empty houses. And a lot of those old people rattling around in big drafty not-kept-up houses have a lot of stuff they simply don’t care about. 

I started out slipping into the houses in the early evening and using short screws to tighten key floorboards so they don’t squeak. Then I started adding a few here and there when I noticed they were missing. Oiling the door hinges was a no-brainer. Then I realized that some of these elderly rich people had freaking cold houses because they didn’t tape or caulk any of their windows. Caulking the windows kept them from rattling. 

I started making multiple trips to some places because they were so easy to get in, and if only one or two things were missing, then they would notice so much. 

Then I found Mrs. Johnson shivering in a freezing home in early January. I didn’t know what to do. She was clearly going to freeze to death if I didn’t do something. When I went down to the furnace room, it was obvious that the filter was clogged. I found a spare, and put it in. A quick prime of the system and voila! Heat. I heard Mrs. Johnson thanking ‘her angel’ for saving her. I got some nice Craftsman tools that hadn’t been touched for a decade that night. 

Two weeks later, there was a note on the immaculate marble counter top in the kitchen: 
Dear Angel. 	
	Thank you for saving my life from the cold. If you could make the garage work again, there is a nice ride-on mower that I don’t need there. I get so cold brushing the car off from the snow. – Agnes. 

Well, stealthy I am not, I guess. All the garage needed was 20 minutes of oiling the track and resetting the center screw. I loaded the mower into my truck, brushed the car off and put it in the garage. She waved to me from her bed room. 

I have a ten o’clock tonight at the Wilsons. Their sump pump isn’t working, and there is going to be some collectable sports memorabilia that her husband doesn’t want anymore waiting in the dining room. This just feels so wrong.   
