No one saw me coming, even though my coming was fated.

My birth was marked by omens: an eclipse, monks dying in moments of revelation, you know, the usual. It's amazing how suggestion can alter the memories of a people that have become an extension of my will.

My coming had been seeded well by my forefathers. For decades before my ascendance, powers taken from me and my country after the last war trickled back: an inevitable, gravitational return. First the constitution was amended to allow military activity, to little fanfare. Then, as a child, in my coronation I was given supreme control of the army (simply a ceremonial title you understand). The trickle became a flood when I declared martial law last year, but I am strong enough to weather it: the world is too busy scrambling to bleed as enough oil from their lands to keep from drowning in darkness. No one cares about my rocky islands at the end of the earth.

But each of these rocks I and my subjects stand on is sacred, and the world will soon remember their place: mere satellites. My priests say so, and the people cling to it, to me, as their saviour, to reclaim their rightful place as the master race with me as their god. I am the messiah to them, the Maitreya: and like a Buddha or a Byzantine Emperor, I am beyond them. I am but glimpsed behind a screen, or through smoke, and yet still my power is felt. A sighting of me, however fleeting or obscure, is the peak of a mortal mans existence, the closest they can come to divinity in the physical world. 

It is a highly effective way to rule.

 Academics will tell you that the world has moved beyond the era of religious propaganda, that it is no longer the opiate of the masses. Or at least they did: conformity, in my experience, is a wonderful side effect of penal battalions. 

The Americans humiliated my land, but I learn from my forefathers mistakes: they are not a priority. But right on our doorstep lies endless land, endless resources, endless glory that I will give to my loyal followers. Whatsmore, there is nothing to stop me: for the endless land is wide open, its guardians are relics of a long dead superpower, bogged down in provincial warfare and heightened border tensions in the West, thanks in part to my agents (my will does not observe international borders). Perhaps we can repay their backstab in the final hours of the last war, and establish a position on the world stage where the Americans can yet see my will.

As I write this, The Diamond of the Russian East, Vladivostock, is being rapidly reduced to it's base carbon; it is the funeral pyre of the New Russian Empire, smothered in its cradle even as Tsar Sobyanin celebrates his victory over the pretender Shoigu with a military parade in Red Square, complete with the execution of the rebel Kadyrov. I am reminded of the carp, meandering in this very pond in this very garden in which I write, among the reeds and the lemongrass and the bamboo, even as the heron gazes on them from the world they do not see.

Reader, you can never know the awesome feeling of looking down at your emulators, and simply laughing as you might at a child wearing their fathers clothes, even as you move to smite them. Such is my view of the Russians, the fabled "Red Menace".

My attack Helicopters ignore General Winter, soaring through crisp arctic air over crisp arctic tundra, emblazoned with everything from Shinto blessings to anime characters (most of the ground crews are drafted highschool students, eager to serve after I set them loose of their teachers during my ascent to the celestial throne). My chosen have reached the river Yenisei, with the equally fervent regular troops in close pursuit: from our forward base at Krasnoyarsk, only ancient Novosibirsk, renamed for the even now semi-mythic founder of the New Russian Empire, Putin, as Putingrad, remains in our way. It has been fortified, but our technological might and my divine will knows no barrier: the 6th Army can surely take it, and by the time the cherry blossoms here, in my palace garden, fall, my disciples will have crossed the Urals and my air force will convey me to Moscow: they will have the privilege to feel my will in person.

None shall stand in my way. I am the wrath of the Gods, come to cleanse the world of the impure and the shameful. I am both the Emperor and the Shogun. The Maitreya and the Warrior. The fated sword cut and the hidden dagger. My sun shall rise, ever from the east, and the men of the west shall know my will: they will kneel or they will be consumed by my fire. Banzai!