Man, this dude is a real piece of paranoid work. Im trying to not hear your fucking thoughts but you’re basically screaming into my brain. I need to defuse this. 
He’s staring at me... I mean, doesn’t that make him the weird one? I let some words slip out my big mouth. 
“Are you okay? You’re sweating.”
*I know you can hear me*
“You think you’re clever? I know you can listen.” 
“How could you know that? You’d be the only one to figure it out.”
*I know you can hear me*
“How’d you know I’m stressed then?”
“If i had a mirror I’d show you.”
*Fucking freak*
“Funny.” 
He turned his head away from me and again it started. 
*I know you’re listening I can see it in your eyes I see it on your forehead your nose your hair all of you*
He started to shake his knees and he sweating continued. I need a new plan. He’s a moron. He’s already decided whats going on here. How does he know? He can’t be a mind reader too? Nah, I’d notice. I feel like theres a higher power here who made sure it isn’t that simple... 
*fucking freaks walking around no NO I KNOW YOU’RE LISTENING* 

*I don’t want to.*

He jumped up out of his chair and screamed.

“AAH! What did you do to me! You freak! You fucking cursed freak! You devils spawn! How’d you get in here! I know you’re listening to me!!”

I was in shock as he came over and stood in front of me. He looked me in the eyes and i got a good look at his eyes. This man wasn’t healthy. He didn’t feel good. 
He just stared at me. 

*I told you I knew you could hear me*

He didn’t say anything, just walked away after that thought. Screaming outside about demons and the devil. What just happened? What does he mean in there... Well, i guess he’s crazy.
I heard the dr. Swan’s thoughts closing up to the door. 
*Ok so mr. Carlton is next. Lets see if he’s as fat as he was the last time.* 

The door opened and the tall, bald, man came in. 

*Lord almighty, what a fat fuck*

“Good day mr. Carlton. Here for the checkup?”
“Same as always dr.”
“Good, good. You’re looking fitter than last visit!”
“Thank you.”

He continued with the smalltalk. Something this curse helped me realise is that no one’s better at acting humane than doctors. They have a common hatred for people but love for playing with their innards. Sadly for them you gotta be able to gain trust from your patient if you wanna mutilate them. A lot of god complexes around hospitals basically. 

“Here we go mr. Carlton. Why don’t you sit down here and I’ll ask you some questions.”
“Sounds good.”

I hate these small rooms in hospitals. Its almost impossible to hear any thoughts apart for the few that pass the door so i can’t even blur out the dr’s.

*lets see if this fucking whale can lie*

He smiles. 

“So, hows the diet going?”
“I mean a few cheat days here and there, nothing major you know, i haven’t woken up looking like Hugh Jackman yet.”
“Hahaha, if i were you I wouldn’t expect that to happen.”
“So you think you’ve lost weight?”
“I think i should’ve lost weight but i don’t know why you gave me a KETO diet. I smelled like shit for a month before finally stopping it alone.”
“Yes well thats a bi-product of the fat intake.” 
“Yes well a bi product of the fat intake made me a fat smelly man. Not very motivating.”
*I wouldn’t blame the KETO for that*
“Sounds rough. Ill see if I can adjust it a bit.”
“How about a new diet?” 
*this fucking entitled slob*
“Of course, ill look into it.”
*man how about you try the KETO then* 
“I have.”

Did he just reply to my thought? What the fuck? 





Idk too tired to keep this going but nice prompt. A whole bus rides worth  of entertainment!






