Daniel stepped into his basement after ages. Fighting spider cobwebs and dust, he managed to turn on the light, half surprised to not see a mutilated dead body lying on the floor. His basement looked straight out of a horror movie set. His cable wasn’t working and there was an NFC championship game going on at that moment that he could not miss. He knew he had a spare antenna kept somewhere in the basement, so he mustered the courage to come down wearing his bike helmet and a baseball bat in other hand. He should stop watching so many horror movies on Netflix he decided while rummaging as many cabinets as possible.

While searching, he heard a beeping sound out of nowhere and something in the corner of the room flashed and turned to life. Taking notice, Daniel evacuated his face from the bicycle helmet, placed it on the nearest clean surface he could find, and walked towards the flashing screen.

“Installation Complete” prompted the screen, in green neon text. Daniel furrowed his brows and gasped “What the fuck?” in one breath. It was an old computer bought decades ago and years of neglect brought it a one way ticket to basement.

Daniel used his sleeves to wipe the dust off the screen and the keyboard. 


“Press Enter to continue.”


This can wait, Daniel thought to himself. He could always come back after the championship game was over. But the curiosity got the best of his right index finger, which nudged down on that soft enter key.


“Enter the full name of your subject here: ”

“Enter what you want your subject to do here:  ”


Being a designer himself, Daniel hated the user interface of his upgraded machine. The neon lights were hurting his eyes. And the word “subject” made it sound very evil. None of it was inviting to new users. He could pick out at least 10 rookie mistakes that are a big no-no in designers’ textbooks.

Daniel wanted to test this out. Of course he knew none of this would work, but what harm could it do. After thinking for a while, Daniel entered this in the 2 text boxes giggling to himself while drifting off to find his antenna:

“Donald Trump”

“Run for presidency”