Lethargic. That was the word that aptly described Rhys' situation. The teacher's droning voice faded out of focus to a low muffled buzz, he slowly blinked, the effort to lift his eyelid almost unfathomable. He lazily swiveled his eye to the clock on the wall, the second hand ticking away. Was it moving slower than five minutes ago? Surely not, but it certainly seemed like it. The lazy summer heat weighed on the air like a muggy fog while flies buzzed against the windows, looking to escape the dreary heat box of 'learning'. No one could reasonably 'learn' in this environment. It was just far too hot. A sigh escaped Rhys' lips as he pushed his hair out of his eyes. He supposes he ought to take a note or two before class was finished for summer break. 

It seemed to take an age before the clock struck three and the jarring ring of the bell snapped Rhys from his stupor. Fuck, right. He had biology next. At least the science block had air conditioning, maybe he'd finally be able to peel the sweatsoaked shirt from his back by the end of the day. Packing up his books, Rhys exited the classroom, and squinted in the glaring sunlight. That was, weird. The school was usually painted white with spring green accents, but before him were corridors of a dark steel grey. Now Rhys wasn't an expert in interior design, but he's pretty sure there was a reason schools didn't paint themselves up to look even more like juvenile prisons, probably something about depression. It was also odd that he hadn't noticed the paint job when he walked into class, you'd think that was something he'd notice right off the bat but here he is. In a dreary, water damaged grey corridor, holding his stringy backpack in hand. What was even more strange, was that the paint didn't look fresh. If anything it was old, discoloured in patches and peeling. Maybe the paint company hired by the school used cheap off-brand paints?

Rhys was starting to get uncomfortable with the feeling of 'wrong' that laced the sweltering air. This didn't feel like his school anymore. If anything it felt like that dream he had where places and locations don't make any sense, and his room was connected to the mall which then connected to that one beach in the Bahamas his family visited three years ago. He looked back the way he came and sure enough, there was his white and green painted math class, end of the familiar-but-now-grey L-bend corridor. Rhys' classmates were meandering after him, looking slightly confused. Good, it wasn't just him, the others could tell something wasn't quite right either.

Feeling sufficiently unsettled Rhys decided to try call his mum, perhaps he had something spoilt for breakfast that made his strangely inept and noticing the new dreary school paint job. it wouldn't do if his mum were to feed spoilt food to his younger sister Steph, she was only eight. Taking out his cell, Rhys' brow wrinkled in confusion. No signal? But the school was in the middle of town, there's always a signal.

A hand grabbed him on his shoulder and Rhys jumped, spinning around to see a girl.

"Who are you?" She asked in a low voice, almost a croak.

"I- um. I haven't seen you around before?" Rhys offered lamely. And it was true, he really hadn't. He knew everyone in his year, went to parties with them, went on unpleasant field trips. It was strange to see a student he hadn't met before. Maybe she was in the year above him?

Her eyes narrowed. "No, *I* haven't seen *you* around here. Students aren't supposed to be here."

"What do you mean?" Rhys scoffed. "Its the English block, all English classes are held in this building."

The girl's eyes widened. "English? You must be mistaken, classes haven't been held in this building for over thirty years."

Rhys laughed derisively. Surely she was daft? Maybe she was one of those special needs kids. One of those students who weren't quite all there in the head. Shame really, she wasn't exactly *unattractive*, but Rhys drew the line at 'crazy'. 

"Yeah right, I just had class here. Mr Affie is just back in my class if you don't believe me."

"You don't understand." She interrupted, placing a hand on Rhys' forehead.

"Hey don't touch me, what are you-"

"There hasn't *been* a class in this sector of school for thirty years because thirty years ago, a whole class disappeared off the face of the Earth." she snarled, checking over Rhys' skin, clothes and teeth.

"Whoa hands off girlie, I don't even know you, stop touching my face." Rhys pulled her off and held her at arm's length.

"Look, you've clearly got some issues going on, but I don't want any part of it. So just, go bother someone else and let me get to my biology class alright?"

"There are others?" She asked, grabbing Rhys' backpack, yanking him back under the ire of her gaze.

"Yeah, cause we're in a school. Of course there are others." Rhys growled, he was really getting annoyed with her now.

"Who the hell are you anyway? If this place is so 'off-limits' to students like you say, why are you here?"

She blinked, as if she wasn't sure as to how to introduce herself.

"I'm Melanie Sullivan, my mum's Stephanie Sullivan, I snuck in here to look for clues as to what happened to those thirty kids that disappeared from this school. My mum always wanted to know what happened to her big brother."
