I didn't mean to, I was just mad.  As most people know, if you charge too much you can't just cancel it.  There is no discharge.  Most professional fighters charge anywhere from 3-5 seconds for a knockout and typically don't charge at all in the higher purse fights.  The average person isn't even able to channel their energy because  of the risks involved.

A few years back I had a Stalker, not a stalker, but an actual Stalker.  The very same creature that we learned how to charge from.  Because of the inherent danger associate with a feral stalker there is zero expectation that someone could hire anyone to protect them.  Instead, they get a trainer for a two week course to learn how to charge their own attacks and are wished the best of luck in their eventual encounter.

My Stalker was killed in a rare attack by another Stalker that happened to be in the area.  Typically these things are so territorial that we have yet to discover how they reproduce.  They are also unable to discharge and the only beneficial part is they have instincts for this ability and have yet to charge more than what was needed to kill their prey.

Three days ago while I was working my boss came to me and asked me about those fucking TPS reports.  Have you ever seen The Office, picture someone like Dwight in charge and you will get some idea of what kind of guy he is.  He claims to be able to charge, but everyone knows he can't even throw an effective punch and it is illegal to attach another person with a charged attack unless they too are capable of charging.  Too bad the Stalkers do not know this...

Well, back to the TPS reports, I had plans that afternoon and this was the third time I had to revise them.  Not because the previous ones were wrong, but because they were in the wrong font and then because I had forgotten to change the footer's font in my rush to get the second revision in on time.  Needless to say, I was a little pissed and he liked pushing my buttons because anyone who has been targeted by a Stalker is well known.  Which meant that everyone, including my supervisor, new I could charge if I had to.

A vital part of the training is learning the ability to control your inner rage to prevent exactly what was happening now.  He pissed me off so much that I lost control in that moment.  I needed this job and realized immediately what was happening.  So I held back and after a few more *minutes* he finally walked away.  I sat there in silence with my arms crossed trying to calm myself.  Nothing was working, it wouldn't stop.  I started to do my reports and as soon as I touched my keyboard the entire building went dark.  This wasn't from a release, this was just another coincidence from another Stalker in the area attacking someone near the power station.  I was of course a little concerned and even hopeful until I realized the keyboard would have melted if I had discharged enough power into it to kill the grid.

I called in sick the last three mornings as the charge built up inside of me.  It had built up so much that I was starting to lose weight at a concerning rate.  Sure, I had it to spare, but this wasn't like a few grams, I had already lost 73kg since it started which was almost half my weight and I was over twice the normal weight for someone who was 186cm.  Since I had already eaten everything inside the house, I had to go somewhere.

What better place than the local Chinese Buffet.  They kicked me out after 6 hours and I ate non-stop and still lost another 10kg while I was there.  I knew the owner by name and he still asked me to leave and it was then that I knew I was in trouble.  For the next hour I wondered aimlessly through the city.  I was already close to half the weight from when I started.

Here we are now and the good news is I am not dead yet even though I am pretty sure I don't have long to live.  The government knew about the effects and we have heard of tests performed on people who could charge early on and almost all of them died within a day after they lost so much weight that their muscles started to deteriorate and their hearts gave out.  The longest anyone has lasted was just over 28 hours and his discharge disintegrated the facility and leveled the trees around the secluded area leaving him standing at the epicenter.  Not long after they stopped the experiments.  Now imagine what might happen if I discharged now after more than 72 hours.  I might kill everyone in the city or more.

As I hit what I expect is half my weight I can feel an enormous pain coursing through my entire body.  It isn't just burning, but it feels like my bones are breaking and it is a miracle that I am still sitting here.  There was a tap on my shoulder as a blinding light lit the night sky and thunder rolled towards the horizon.  As I turned towards the person that just tapped my shoulder I saw the ground was burnt for several feet around me.  As I made what I expect to be eye contact I heard myself asking if I was alright even though I am almost certain I didn't say anything.  My clothes were just gone and the person before me also seemed to be naked from what little I could see after the blinding flash.  Slowly my sight returned to normal and I realized I was no longer charging.  I then heard myself again only this time I knew it was me... well, not me, but the me standing before me.  I might not be charging anymore, but I don't feel so good.