It worked! I couldn’t believe it, I was sitting in a hibernation pod wide awake.  I have to get out of here before someone notices, need to slip back into the new rotation, take on my new identity...

See ever since overpopulation became a thing, we had to start coming up with ways to survive. Along comes the brilliant Dr Frank about 3000 years ago, with hibernation pods and the idea of splitting the worlds population into tenths. Each rotation getting to live ten years while the other 90% of the world lays asleep waiting their turn. 

It certainly slowed down the food shortages what with only needing to fill the stomachs of a fraction of the total population. Yet here I am at age 29 after living 209 real earth years and we still haven’t solved the crisis that had us all rattled all those centuries ago. You can only get so much done in ten years, then you have to pass it onto the next rotation and hope that they can understand enough to keep on going with the progress you made. 

It still hurt, finding out as a kid that my mother had me in the final year of her rotation. Hibernation pods can’t sustain unborn children, the baby just keeps on coming eventually growing too big for the womb and killing the mother with it. So instead they let the mother extend her rotation on the condition that when the child is born they immediately enter hibernation and go back to their parent rotation. The lucky child then has the pleasure of being raised by foster parents from the current “living” human population, deprived of ever meeting their real family again.

Well now I have a chance to fix everything. I could have just waited out my hibernation to continue my research but if I’d learnt anything over my last 10 year stint its that no rotation was making any progress towards preventing overpopulation. We were coming dangerously close to a crossroad where a second split would need to occur, creating 100 groups each taking a 10 year rotation followed by 990 years of hibernation. I needed to fix this problem now, even if it meant breaking the greatest rule of all and “living” for longer than 10 years.

My biggest fear? Just how different these other 9 rotations were... maybe if I live long enough I’ll get to do a full loop, meet my family... will be quite a bit older than them by that point!



