I had turned off the interstate to take a winding back road. It wasn't exactly a shortcut,  but it was peaceful, and the lack of traffic sometimes saved me time anyway. But even though I was alone in the car, I still heard a complaint about my route change: "Recalculating!"

She always sounded annoyed,

"Recalculating!" she repeated in the same tone, and yet seemed even angrier with me.

There was a turnoff coming up where I could circle back to my original route. As if on cue, she spoke up again, "In 100 yards, make a right ..."

I blew past the turnoff. "Recalculating." The voice was ... different.

Did she just sigh at me?  Could a GPS be disappointed?

"You never did listen."

I glanced at the dash long enough that I nearly clipped a tree that was edging its way into the side of the road just as it curved. "Mom?"

"I could talk to you until I was blue in the face..."

"Ma, is that you in there?"

"But you always had to do what you wanted. And where did it get you now? I'm a just your GPS and I'm not even sure!"

"Ma-ah!"

"Yes, sweetheart."

Checking the road, I swerved around a dead squirrel, ran over a fallen branch, and kept checking my mirrors for signs of anyone else. This was a gag, right?

"How are you in my GPS?"

"I don't know, dear. I was just on a cloud talking with your Aunt Marie ..."

"Aunt Marie? She's been gone she I was, like, five!"

"Yes, and it's been wonderful catching up. Now don't interrupt.  I taught you better than that, Anyway, we were talking, and I guess I was saying ... I think you want to make a left up here ... I was saying how much I missed my little Kevvy-wevvins..."

"Ma-a-a-a! I'm 26! Please stop calling me that."

"Fine. Talk to your mother that way. You'll miss that when you're 40."

I looked back at the road. We were ... I was coming to the fork. The left road would take me down and around the lake. That actually might be quicker, and more peaceful, too. That is, if I wasn't dealing with ...

"At the fork, bear left."

Right, Mom. I turned left.

As the trees rose up on the road behind me and those in front parted, yielding a lake view, I found my voice again. "So you're here. Now what? Are you staying in my car?"

There was silence as I pulled lake road. There was a sleepy little town coming up. Past that, I could swing around to state road 15, which would cut across to the interstate. Would the GPS go back to "normal" then?

"Stop the car" she told me. "In 400 yards, turn left, and park at the shore. We never got to sit down and have a good mother-son chat. There are things I need to tell you, and there are things you should know."

What? This was just too crazy. It has to be Jess playing a joke on me, maybe with Richie doing the technical stuff. Either way, though. I pulled over and shut off the car,

"Is the lake pretty? It looks nice on the map, but is it pretty?"

"Yes, Mom. It is. Never really stopped to notice it before. I usually speed past them." I watched some Canadian geese paddle about for a moment. "So what did you want to talk about?"

"So, about your father ..."

I didn't know where this was going, by now I'd totally forgotten where I was going anyway. Didn't know where I wanted to go. Except home, maybe.