Gorestaff the Annihilator snuck carefully through the unfamiliar base.  The holographics had shown him what to expect, but the smaller structures were like some sort of nestlings play area to the 8 meter tall Zaxarian, who's hardened carapace was festooned with the gilt of conquered worlds.

But finally he had arrived at the main complex.  Angling up his disintegration staff he converted it to wide area and took aim at the wall for the inevitable slaughter that was about to begin.  Checking to see if the other member of his team was in place, Gorestaff brought the weapon up and fired, the outer wall glowing green for a moment as 6 inches of reinforced concrete and steel were converted into nothing by the energy of the zero point converter in his staff.  

A lone being from this world turned around like a startled animal, reached into its side and pulled out a weapon.  Grinning Gorestaff watched as the small flash of the weapon answered, and felt the gentle ping as the weapon bounced harmlessly off of his null field.  

"Gorestaff," came a voice from the meta communicator.

"Yes Slaughtermaster?"

"Have the enemy attacked you yet," asked the greatest warrior of the Zaxarian Race, who's mono molecular blade had claimed the head of the God Emperor of Halcyis.  

"Yes."

"Have you noticed anything odd," replied the Prime Warrior.

Gorestaff considered as more shots bounced harmlessly off of his shield.  It reminded him of a children's party actually, where his nest mates had 'ambushed' him with a bunch of Neutronic Emitting Refiring Field weapons.  The pop and the flash was almost identical.  The pop and the flash were identical.  

"By the nine levels of the Sarlac, they are attacking us with toys!"  Gorestaff's inner and outer eyes widened as he looked around.  Another human had a small tube which launched some sort of small explosive party favor at them, as he could tell by the string it kept attached to the launcher, the bright flash was enough to shatter the nearby flimsily built structure.  

As his horns retracted, a much larger squat vehicle rolled out on tracks, aimed and fired a super sized toy weapon at him.  It even exploded on impact, illuminating the small humans as they attempted to look threatening and several made to charge at him.

Finally, Gorestaff got a good look at them.  They were adorable as they attempted to drive small metal knives into his legs.  A dry realization struck him, "Putressa the Puss Bringer would love one of these."  

"Slaughtermaster, we shall not conquer a land that celebrates our arrival, grab several of these things for your mates.  We will hold a proper festival here later," stated Gorestaff as he looked into the sky where his landing ship was being bombarded by nuclear missiles.  The lights in the sky were glorious.   