The event played almost as if they were looking through a window, the sights, the sounds, even the smells of that summer day carrying into the room. Joey took a large bite out of the hotdog he was handed as he straddled the bike and with one hand raised triumphantly he threw it to the ground as he cheered through a mouthful of barbecue food. Checking that his makeshift towel cape was secure he gave the bike a few revs before speeding off towards the makeshift ramp he and his friends had set up over the barn, the unsecured planks rattling out of place as he made his way onto and off of the roof in less than a second. He let off the bikes Dixie horn at the peak of his jump, grinning ear to ear as he was certain his friends were getting the best shot of this spur of the moment jump. Turning towards the crowd with both arms raised he was about to let off a whoop as the front wheel of the bike collided with the ground, forcing the handle bars to collide with his neck.

"Woah!" he shouted with enthusiasm as he witnessed himself die right before his eyes. Joey was half out of his seat with excitement, laughing at the stunt that from his previous perspective only put him in hospital for two months. He grabbed Bartholomew around the shoulders as he made sure that the uncomfortable angel had seen what he did.

"Bro, did you fucking see that? Let's see it again!" The finally deceased geriatric moved with the energy of a man of his prime towards the remote that lay on the table before them, though Bartholemew grabbed it first.

"Joseph, I'm afraid you need to be taking this more seriously". The angel tutted, pointing towards the notes on his glimmering tablet. It displayed a graph showing the moments throughout the man's life in which he had almost died, moments in which is mind jumped from a universe in which his life ended to one where it continued on. The numbers were remarkably higher than average, Bartholomew shuddered to think how much higher they could be had Joey known all this beforehand.

"The purpose of this exercise is to ensure you understand the mistakes you made in life and how you could better yourself as a person."

Joey scoffed at the idea, pulling the remote from the angel's grasp while his attention was elsewhere, fast forwarding the footage to a time in his mid twenties where he carried a pair of trampolines to the rooftops of two neighbouring buildings. Bartholemew couldn't bare to watch.

"I'm serious about this Joseph, if you don't learn from this you will be doomed to repeat them until you do."

"Pfft, no I won't. From here it's hanging out in Heaven. Hey, can I get a copy of this? I've got to share it with the guys when I see them."

"I'm afraid you're not going to Heaven right now."

Joey's grin finally faded, his heart dropped as thoughts of what would happen next sent it racing fast enough to kill him twice.

"These alternate universes you've been hopping between, they all still exist. You left a lot of people upset due to the circumstances of your many, many deaths. In a lot of cases you caused quite a bit in monetary damages as well."

The man's hands shook more appropriately for someone that had lived 124 years as he anticipated what the angel would say next.

"You have the unique opportunity right now to undo those mistakes," Bartholomew continued, gesturing at charts and diagrams he held in his hand. "You will be sent back, reliving each life with the knowledge of how you died. You have the chance to learn from this, not make the same mistakes again, live each life to completion in the best way you can. That's about... four hundred and twenty lifetimes to work through."

"Heh, weed."