  

As Angel and my eyes lock, the sound of the teachers voice is drowned out by her mesmerizing gaze and  playful smile. In slow motion her smile begins to expand as she raises her hand above the desk and she never removes her eyes from mine, faintly squints and slaps the table three times.

Everything around us became blurry  to me as my heart began to race. I felt feelings of strong confusion and symmetry. 

“Can you hear me?” I asked in disbelief and inwardly to myself.

“Yes”.

The sweetest and softest voice I had ever heard replied again and I felt filled with strong sensations of warmth. 

“Angel…are you reading my mind?”

“No. I am listening to your voice”. There was her voice again chuckling as she spoke. I felt a warmness this time in my heart.

“How are you doing this. Am I going crazy?” I asked Angel without a word.

“John! John! John! What are you, day dreaming?”

“No, Mrs. Patterson.”

“What did I say then?”

“uh, you were talking about…” 

My mind had gone blank, I began to feel embarrassment and anxiety swelling as I felt the students in class focusing on me knowing I wasn’t paying attention. 

“You were talking about,  when the…” Ah man I’m so fucked.

“Tell her that earth is 92,955,820 miles away from the sun. Earth is a complex interactive system. Say it”.

I heard Angel’s voice in my head and I turned to her and she lightly flicked her head forward and said without moving her lips “what are you waiting for?”

I hastily blurted to Mrs. Patterson what Angel had said to me. 

Mrs. Patterson’s heavy sullen expression looked minorly surprised, she gave me half of a smile and turned back around to write on the white board. I took a deep breath of relief as I sat back in my chair and slowly turned my head toward Angel who greeted me with a smile.

“Close one”. She chuckled

“Thank you, Angel, but, how are you doing this, how are we doing this?”

With her eyes she directed me to focus on the Mrs. Patterson who was checking if students were paying attention.

“Watch Mrs. Patterson alright.”

As I watched the teacher draw some planet on the white board I listened to Angels soft and smooth voice passing through my neural connections. 

“We are using our heads to communicate”.

“But how are you doing it?”

“I have a gift. Cool right?”

“Yes and amazing ! You can read minds!”

“Actually I can’t read minds. But I can listen to people inner voice.”

“Are you a human being”?

“What does that supposed to mean?”

I turned my head to Angel afraid I caused her offense. Her hands above the table, palms open , fingers extended,  she had an expression that asked  “What kind question is that” as she shook head from side to side.

“No, I mean, I’m sorry, your name is Angel so I thought maybe you had fallen from heaven or something.”

I felt so stupid saying that.

She laughed and I could hear her voice resonating in my head and inside my body, but she showed no expression but a smile on the outside.

“Your funny and you’re a dork.”

I chuckled aloud. 

“Is something funny John? Then what are you laughing at?”

“Oh no” says Angel. “Tell her, her lessons suck haha”.

I smiled and began to turn toward Angel and said aloud  “I can’t say tha..” before catching myself. Mrs. Patterson  had a bewildered expression on her face and looked over to Angel and the other students in the general direction. Nobody said anything.

Mrs. Patterson stared at me as if I was crazy, widened her eyes and said “Okaaayyy” as she shook her head and shrugged her shoulders. The other students laughed.

“ OMG did you forget which voice to use? HAha your so funny John. Your such an idiot!”

“Thanks…That was embarrassing, every now thinks I’m crazy.”

“Well you are talking to yourself…”

“Hey no Im talking to you . Im not crazy!”

“Yea. Haha.  Your good though. How bout I make it up to you. Why don’t we go to Game N Busters after class and I can show you something really cool?”

“Game N Busters? Yea I want to go but I don’t have any money.”

“No problem, that’s why we are going to the Casino first. We can play black jack and poker and win some cash then go out, how’s that sound?”

“Um”.

“C’mon, John it will be fun, you can even choose where to eat and Im driving. That’s a good deal, right?”

“Ya, but I don’t know how to play Black Jack or Poker.”

“Really, no problem, I’ll teach you on the way there its really easy, plus you can look it up on your cell phone. How about today we start with black jack only?”

“Yea, black jack, um alright, let’s do it!”

The bells rings shortly after Angel finishes her conversation with me. Mrs. Patterson is now handing out homework after the bell has rung and I am thinking if my conversation with Angel is real or in my imagination. Black Jack, dinner and Game N Busters. 

“Angel are you there.”

“Yep, got my homework. Did you”.

“Yes”.

“Well lets go have some fun.”

I catch a glimpse of Mrs. Patterson watching me, scratching   her head as I walk out of class. 