“Johnson, what do you think?”

“With all due respect, Murph, and honestly there isn’t much of that here for you - I think I speak for the whole team when I say that is a total piece of shit.” 

Murphy grimaced, stood up, and stared out the window at the Starbucks across the street.

Johnson continued:

“Your alert is an embarrassment. To you. To the team. Shit, your family probably wants to die of shame.”

“For starters - let me make a general comment: we write to communicate - no other fucking reason. None! You seem to write because you like the way your letters look or some shit. Fuck you. Fuck that. We write so people understand. We write to reduce confusion. Otherwise we’d be better off if you spent your time French kissing a drunk horse. Capiche, Kemosabe?”

“Jesus, Johnson...sorry. Got it.” The sign in the Starbucks window said “Blonde Breaks the Rules.” Murphy never complained about that. But it has silently destroyed the mental environment for weeks. Even Murphy doesn’t break the rules at Starbucks. Nobody does.

“I’m not done!” Johnson spoke, then wrote those words in a bold, cursive script on the chalkboard.

Watching this, Murphy braced himself against the foamed soft rubidium handle of his custom made walking staff, and waited for the next spume of vitriol.

“Hey asshole - what is it with the out of context reference to tunnels??? And then narrowing it down to the daytime? Are tunnels OK in the nighttime, then. Are they, Johnson? These are questions we can’t leave hanging out there. So - what is it? Are tunnels OK in the nighttime or not?”

Murphy started, stammered: “Well, um, it depend on how one define tu-” 

“Shut up!” Johnson spoke these words slowly and softly through an electric megaphone. 

“And what exactly is nighttime, Johnson? It would be important for the people to know. But you can’t seem to decide if is between dusk and dawn or between 6PM and 8AM. The sun rises at 632 AM tomorrow. Are you seriously saying that everyone needs to stay inside until 8AM, but at 632 AM, hey, it lights on, music on, let’s get ready for the fucking day? And by the way stay away from tunnels in another hour and a half? This makes no sense, Johnson. You are going to get people killed.”

A leather clad fist hit the table. All eyes turned to Claire.

“Johnson! You must stop this interrogation poste haste! He’s just a kid - a small Chinese kid with no legs.”
