When I was a kid, I was always terrified of the monsters under my bed. I would pull up my covers, but it was never enough. *Things* would touch me, writhing under the mattress and sending out their spindly tentacles to wrap over the sheets. Voices murmured my name, along with assorted threats, at a level tone. Shapes danced and shook across the wall, somehow bright in the pitch black of my room. 

My parents didn't believe me.

Later on, *I* didn't believe me. Hallucinations at night - or just nightmares - made much more sense than a dedicated terror campaign. Perhaps it was sleep paralysis, perhaps it was just eating too much too late, it didn't really matter.

Of course, that didn't mean they stopped. It just meant I ceased caring. The voices were ignored, weird shapes assumed to be tricks of the eyes, odd feelings nothing more than the blankets shifting. After some time, the weird visions at night started to subside.

When I moved off to college, it stopped entirely. Not exactly what I had expected, but welcome nonetheless. You'd think that the added stress of living in a new location would bring out *more* of the weird hallucinations, but perhaps I had needed the change. In any case, it made sleeping easier than I had expected for a new lodging.

A week later, I broke up with my boyfriend. 

It was never going to work out. Long-distance relationships were incredibly difficult to keep going. Carl and I were too different as people. We just didn't have enough time, thanks to classes.

All things I told myself. Nothing more than meagre attempts at consolation, completely useless in the end. It wasn't just another step in my life, it was an ordeal, a heartbreak. 

I hardly slept for a week.

My school was a large on, the classes packed with hundreds or thousands of students. Nobody cared about me, and it drove me deeper into some kind of depression. 

That was when I met Brian.

I suppose 'met' is a poor word to use. Encounter, perhaps, would fit better; it was at two in the morning that I saw him, standing in the middle of my room, looking somewhat forlorn. He would have terrified me, were he human; instead, the creature was more an amalgamation of what I supposed the horrors of my childhood nights would have looked like. 

Odd, of course, for a creature so horrible to not induce fear in any way. But my childhood 'training' had made me rather apathetic to visions at night, and so I just accepted it.

"Hello," said Brian, when I was staring at him for the first time. 

"Hello," I had said in response.

Is it sad to say we talked - me and the hallucination? We spoke for two hours exactly. Two to four in the morning, a discussion filled with inane subjects, nothing important and yet everything interesting in some way. 

We met again, every night that week, at exactly two hours past midnight. Philosophy was the main discussion point, but it branched out into current events (with which Brian was not familiar whatsoever) and, eventually, all manner of other interests.

Heartbreak might not stop hurting, but at one point, I had to stop losing sleep over it. And so I did, in some short order. 

I didn't see Brian again for quite a while.

One morning, I awoke to find a note on the floor. It lay in such a way that it appeared to have been slid out from underneath my closet door. Upon a closer look, I found that it had my name written in a scrawled manner across the back.

On the other side, I found a rather erratic letter.

*My dear,*

*I miss you. Can we attempt a relationship once more? We worked well together! Please respond at your latest convenience.*

*With much love,*

*Carl.*

Seeing his name again was... a shock. I'd managed to put him out of my mind, stop thinking about him almost entirely, but something still wrenched inside of me.

It wasn't from him, though. I doubted my highschool boyfriend was hiding inside my closet. It was a stalker, perhaps - or another hallucination.

That night, I struggled to fall asleep. One question kept rebounding in my head, centred around the note that I had tucked away in a drawer. Was I going insane?

Somehow, I convinced myself to try. Some last desperate attempt to reignite a passion that was no doubt much less amazing than I remembered it.

I wrote a note, and slipped it under the closet.

My reply came the following morning.

*I was lying. I don't love you. I only tolerated you when we dated. I resent you for the waste of time.*

*Carl.*

No sleep came that night.

For the first time in weeks, I saw Brian again, and we talked once more. 

Maybe I was crazy, but I felt happy to have that conversation, and he seemed somewhat relieved himself.

^^^more ^^^stories ^^^on ^^^r/forricide