"Morning Phillip!" Carl explained as he walked into Phillips office. Carl was a middle aged man with a scruffy beard and slick black hair. 

"You, again? Carl this is get-" Philip said shocked to see such a familiar face again. Phillip was a younger man very slender with clean cut hair. 

"-COIN, please" Carl exclaimed.

"Ok I'm tired of this attitude. This was never meant to work this way." You could tell Phillip was frustrated. 

"Yes, but it does work" Carl said with a slight grin. 

Phillip shakes his head and reaches into the filling cabinet behind him. The office was very clean and dark. Everything made out of dark brushed aluminum. Phillips desk was entirely blank accept a large book or journal of some kind with an ink pen laying over it. 

"Hmmmmm I'll show you here" Phillip grumbled looking over all the files. Carl, getting annoyed lights up a cigarette and begins to mosey around the office. 

"You know Phill this office could use some warmth" Carl said with a slight condescending tone. Phillip wanted knowing more than to end this egotistical attitude and finally send Carl down the hall. 

"That's IT. Sit down, now!" Phillip snapped at Carl. 

Carl, slightly taken, chuckles "ok, ok. Don't be so bossy. This isn't going to be like '68 all over again now will it?" As he takes a seat in front of Phillips desk. 

"First of all-" Phillip leaned back with a grin as he removes a large binder from the cabinet. "We agreed to not talk about '68 anymore. And most importantly, your sheer attitude that you'll just waltz in here and expect to win the toss and go right back to living again is really getting on my nerves! I'm the one in charge here, not you!"

Carl sat back with a blank stare at his face. He took a long drag from his cigarette and looked at Phillip. "It's your game, Phill. I'm just...playing along."

"Ah!-" Philip spoke up with an excited face as he began to open the file he removed "See I think this is where you're wrong. Let me just find the rules YOU agreed to when we first tossed"

"I was a completely different person then Phill, how can you even use that" Carl said beginning to worry. 

"We said, you either go down the Hall right away or you can try the coin game, but for the p-" Phillip was interrupted by Carl who was getting restless

"Yes yes yes you wanted my 'soul' big deal I don't even need it. Can We just play the toss? The bar will close soon and I really want to watch the Yankees game" Carl pleaded. 

"Well," Phillip began "you see right here you agreed" Phillip cleared his throat and put on his reading glasses "I agree the coin toss game is here as a means to Finnish business not yet completed while remaining a a functioning member of society." Phillip looked Carl down from his paper waiting for response. 

Carl, clueless "What? Are, are you saying I'm not a functioning member of society anymore? Hey this is you just trying to hit some quota. I deserve to go back!"

"Functioning?" Phillip said with disdain "you were here merely a week ago Carl." Carl began to groan and put his head in his hands "I mean you're treating life like it's nothing. Last time this was all over a monopoly game, this is all supposed to be taken with appreciation. You're just ruining the game now"

"Ok DAD!" Carl said in a now angry town "what do you want to do then?"

"Well, I'm glad you asked Carl." Phillip was speaking with a righteousness he suddenly felt "It says here you have two choices. You either play the game 1 more time-"

"-Yes! Let's pla-" Carl interrupted slightly leaning out of his seat. 

"Listen, trust me" Phillip clears his throat. "However, under this law written in section 4 of the code you signed here," Phillip shows the paper to Carl" "I'm allowed to make you toss more than one coin"

Carl looked displeased

"Or, the second choice-" 

"First. First choice. Let's do it. Give me my two coins" Carl said in a hurry. 

"Well, it's funny you say two. I was thinking......three" Phillip said as he displayed three coins in his hand with a grin. "Three coins, Mr. Williams. And if you call all three well, then you can keep doing this but I promise if you're back here next time before the week is up so help me I will crush you"

Carl pondered

Phillip continued "..there is that option number two, which is-" 

"COINS" Carl shouted, who at this point is just looking at the floor, beginning to sweat. 

"Very well" Phillip got up from his desk and walked over to a table in the corner, Carl joined him. They sat there looking at each other and Phillip slid three large gold coins over to Carl. Carl picked them up and felt their weight. Tossing them back and forth in his hands. He lit another cigarette, understandably stressed. 

"Well, Fuck it, right?" Carl said. He flipped a coin in the air and as it spun, suspended. "TAILS!"

The coin bounced once on the table and flipped over displaying a lowercase cursive "t". Carl smiled. 

Phillip, not wanted to lose the control he had finally felt in this room "Don't get too giddy with me boy there's 2 more coins left"

Carl without hesitation flipped the next and shouted "TAILS" as the coin rotated in what felt like slow motion it landed once again this time with no bounce at all displaying a lovely lowercase "t" again. 

Carl begin to grin very widely as he felt confident he would be out of this shitty office again and once more cheat mortality. 

Phillip sat in silence and sunk a bit into his chair. "The third coin, please" Phillip said in a heavy melancholic tone. 

Carl grinned "Of course" Carl held the final coin in his hand.  "You know Phillip, I'll miss these fun conversations"

"FLIP" Phillip said. Carl takes a deep breathe and tosses the coin harder than usual. Not in a rush Carl takes out his last cigarette and lights it. Coin, still suspended in air, inches from the first bounce, Carl finishes his drag "tails" and exhales a cloud of smoke covering the coin. 

They both sit in agony waiting for the smoke to clear, Carl looks away as Phillip leans in and sees the final coin looking up with a lowercase cursive 't' staring up at him. 

"You son of a-" Philip said in disgust

"37, please" Carl said quickly right before vanishing. 

Philip weeped