Everyone believes that they are special.

That they are unique, smarter, stronger, superior.

Perhaps that is why humans fear equality. It represents the single fact that we all suppress: that we aren’t the best; that we are replaceable; that we have no purpose.

So I shut out equality.

I had to believe I was better, because I found a purpose in my own superiority. 

Perhaps there is a bit of circular logic behind that. Perhaps I only found purpose in my alleged superiority because I believed that helping others was pointless because I was so far above them.

But I needed a purpose. I needed something to live for. We all do. 

It’s been a few hours since I was carried over to the hospital. When I was brought in, they knew I was dead. I’m on some massive cocktail of drugs to make this painless.

It’s working.

It’s not working.

I wish it was working.

My physical anguish is gone but my mental anguish has just begun.

I overhear doctors talking about the vaccine. I see people getting vaccinated. 

For the next hour, that’s all I can think about.

I can’t stand the idea of the vaccine. The thing that makes people objectively better then me.

The thing I can’t have.

Rage boils in me, and eventually I shoot up out of my bed, only to realize that chains are restraining me.

I’m the one considered insane.

Stupid.

Worse.

And, deep down, I know it’s true. In a few more hours, I’ll be the one that everyone else looks down upon.

I don’t deserve mercy, but I never thought that any torture could be this bad.

I don’t want to feel inferior.

I’ve denied the concept of equality my entire life. When my family comes to search through my possession’s, they’ll find my klansman robes, and my swastika, my confederate flag. All of it. 

In a life of believing that I was Mount Everest, only now can I realize that I’m no different than a patch of dirt on the flattest plain. Tiny. Insignificant. Practically worthless. 

I’m close now. I can feel it. My vision is blurry, my mouth dry, my muscles weak.

This is it. 

I regret everything, and I want to say it, but I lack the energy. I lack the focus.

Soon I’ll be another part of the mob.

Plain.

Identical.

Useless.

And then they’ll put me down like a dog.

I know my story has no happy ending; if there really is a God, he wouldn’t make my death this impossibly torturous. 

Of all the things I’ve feared, death was always the biggest.

No one is above Death.

In an hour’s time, I’ll be a zombie.

You know what?


Perhaps I always was.

r/IdonthaveawritingsubredditbecauseIdontwritebutyoushouldstillupvotethis