[Excerpt from Introduction of “King Aldwulf and the Knights of the Green: History and Myth in Early Ealdseaxe”. Camland: Chalice Press, 2008]

“...But while the daring stories of King Adwulf and his Knights riding to battle to pacify the Britons are well known and loved by many boys and girls across the Neuseaxon Empire, the historical authenticity of the King has been under dispute for decades.  Did he really pull a sword from a stone as a young bandit-prince? Did the Knights of the Green really seek the Bloody Chalice? Did he really pledge to return when Neuseaxe was in its darkest hour to burn its enemies to ashes?

The answers are not always simple. Our modern understanding of the legend has been built on many centuries of additions by storytellers, many of which reflect the times in which they lived.

Adwulf’s wise warlock advisor Reaven, for example, started off as a prophetic doomsayer with no connection to Adwulf and was only later described as a true warlock in the 12th and 13th centuries, just as Ealdseaxon resistance to the medieval inquisitions on the continent were starting. He has been portrayed variously as a holy warrior in his own right, a gnarled old sage, and even as a young man in a recent television adaptation.

The Bloody Chalice, for which Adwulf’s Knights of the Green quest in order to bring down the wrath of the ancient gods upon their enemies, has varied wildly in past tales: in some stories it is a chalice or a plain cup, in other stories it is a bloodied stone, and in still others it is a wounded but perpetually living bird or stag. The Knights who have quested for it similarly differ: some such as Sir Grimbold the First Green Knight and Sir Percival the Briton can be traced back to specific warlords in the historic records, while others such as Sir Lidmann of the Abyss or Sir Graham the Chalice-Knight appear as later figures in stories and compilations.

As for King Adwulf himself, the face of Neuseaxon resilience and power from the conquest of the Britons to the rout of Normandy to the last three world wars...such a crucial figure to the spirit of Neuseaxe remains a figure of much scrutiny and debate. Much has been attributed to him that is improbable, whether that be the number of battles he has supposedly been recorded as fighting in or his supposed romance with the Crimson She-Wolf of the Woods. 

But it cannot be denied that there was a historical Adwulf, nor can it be denied that he was a significant warlord during the early Ealdseaxe era. In the following chapters, we’ll examine the historical and mythological roots of Adwulf, from early records of his beginnings as a Saxon soldier turned forest bandit to modern representations in pop culture and media.

Here are the facts - and the fictions - of Adwulf, Once and Future King of the Neuseaxons.”