At last, lunchtime. I did not think I would make it this far without getting irritable or snappy, but thankfully I did. As I rush towards the elevator with a couple of other coworkers, a tall gentleman holds the door open for us to enter. I recognize him as the new worker in our module, but I’ve never interacted with him before, as I was always too engaged in my own work. My coworkers exchange a couple of quick thanks, and begin to mutter about lunch plans with each other. As I step in, I politely say to the tall, new guy, 

“Oh thank you, sir. I don’t think we’ve…oh…um….er….met?” I begin saying, as my words are cut short with confusion and concern. I catch myself staring at the new hire, and quickly turn away. Rather let me correct myself… new hires. 

Yep. You heard me. There are three of them. Standing on each other’s shoulders in a long trench coat. Now personally, I don’t have anything against short people, since my wife is practically half my size. Not only that, but they are otters. Yeah! Otters! What are they doing in here?

I look around, and everyone is calm and collected, as if their own natural instincts have shut down. I mean, I suppose it’s for the sake of keeping their jobs, but to me this is all too new. Surely laws have been passed to allow new employees to be hired without discrimination, whether it be their gender, sexual orientation, and/or socioeconomic status, etc. But something about this…situation seemed rather dangerous. Society has definitely progressed, particularly in this city, where everyone can achieve their dreams with fair and open opportunities. It is not like I am offended by what I’m seeing, rather if anything, I am more concerned with safety.

Before I have any chance to ask questions, the otter who sits at the top of the triplet stack turns to me and says,

“I know that look, and trust me, I don’t have any issue explaining it. We work as a functional unit, getting work done at an efficient rate. Most of what you can do, we can do as well with ease. The only issue is that our height limits our capabilities, so we’ve worked hard on perfecting our dance, in order to make due. We’ve got bills to pay, and the employers seem very satisfied in our abilities. I hope that we don’t cause any issues with you. I know the world is changing, but I’ve always wanted to work in a firm that allows predators and prey of all levels of the food chain to interact and coexist.” He extends his otter paw out towards me, as I see the other two pop their heads out of the trench coat to watch our exchange.

He’s right though, our world has changed, and this city… I moved here to see what the new world can bring. It’s been a rough couple of weeks with that disease coming through and rampaging certain citizens. However, I do believe in open opportunities, and just in this spur of the moment, I lost a bit of that belief, mostly because our firm is filled with top of the food-chain predators, a couple of who were plagued with a disease months prior. I extend my paw out to his, and smile in his direction.

“You’re right, and I am very glad to have you working with us. My name is Bob. Yeah yeah. I know. Super cliche for a bobcat.” I chuckle as I see all three of them beaming with delight.

“I’m Larry, the one below me is Lars, and our foot-guy is Lance. Pleasure to meet you Bob!” I shake hands with all three.



*-ding- Ground Floor*




I take a look around the lobby. The “triple-ott” head outside, while the rest of the office crew head towards the cafe on the east side of the lobby. Instead, I chase down the otters, and ask,

“Mind if I have lunch with you guys?”

Larry eagerly responds, “Of course! Let us show you the finest bakery Zootopia has to offer. Lance’s wife owns it, and the pastries there are incredible.”