What in the name of ever living hell.

I just sat there as the coffin that my uncle now rests in grew wings out of now where. And by wings I mean this thing could give a huge dragon a run of its money.

Wait for a second, is that legs!? And before I knew it, this coffin was straight up sitting in the middle of the reception hall.

...sipping tea.

The look on the crowds face during the funeral can only be described as a look of horror, confusion and random chanting to God.

Well, that didn't last for long, the coffin just snapped its hands and time froze for everyone but me. 

Ohshit.png

The coffin chucked and tried to grab it's beard until it realized there wasn't anything there. 

'Well Michael, this isn't what your uncle expected the afterlife to be like. This tea tastes like diluted piss.'

'Uncle...is that you!?' I asked hoping the answer is yes.

The coffin nodded. 'This thing was owned by a Victorian Queen who wanted to promise eternal life. Only she didn't know you had to die without a cross on your neck for the demonic coffin to work.'

'Poor girl traded a castle in for nothing,' my uncle chuckled. 

I think I need to sit down, drink some liquor and hopefully wake up from this weird ass dream. I pinched my self, Goddamn this is the real deal.

'Well Michael, now that I'm not human anymore let's move onto more important matters. We've got a world to dominate and people to enslave,' my uncle said as he literally put on a top hat and started walking down the hall.

'Say what now?' as I followed him (well what else am I supposed to do at this point).

'You see Michael, me you are the same now. Glad to be on team demon thank you very much,' my uncle said smiling back at me.

'How am I a demon?' I shot back with a puzzled look. 

'Well seeing as the real you died 30 years ago, yeah you're kind of a demon. You're actually a shapeshifter,' my uncle looked up and paused for a second.

'A shapeshifter with amnesia.'

'......huh?' I replied back.

'It's a sad story really. The real Michael died one day when I and he went to visit Mexico for a family vacation. He got targeted because a Mexican demon had a grudge with me, nasty stuff.' 

'I knew my sister would be pissed, so I went to the mountains near Iztaccihuatl because everyone knows that's where you find shapeshifts.' 

My uncle then pulled out a dagger. 

'Stab anyone with this, and they lose all the memories they've ever had. Ever,' my uncle smiled. 'Check your shoulder!' he said as he pointed at it.

No way, I checked to find a deep menacing would that as I remember I was recovering from 10 years ago.

Okay, so this is getting real.

'Sorry for pulling you out, I even had to teach you English using this book that teaches you a language the second you touch it. Fascinating stuff' my uncle said nodding.

As we walked down, we saw my mom in the hallway, frozen in time. 

'Close your eyes, think about her and touch her.'

I did. Afterwards, I looked to the left to find a mirror.

I looked exactly like my Mom. I'm a fucking demon.

'Honestly, people give demons a bad name. No one knows the that every leader of every country is a demon in disguise.'

'It's hard to take them on if you're not immortal, and now I am! I wish this coffin didn't have only to work if you were naturally dead but it is what it is. Now we have a choice...do you want to face reality or come with me and stir some shit up?'

I looked up at him and looked back in the mirror.

Hell, this sounds like fun. 
