The cathedral echoed with the sound of chanting.  I stood to the side as Thyron the Glorious knelt before the altar, in the light of a thousand candles.  The priests chanted, calling on the Gods to bestow power to Morning Light, the Fiery Sword of Angel’s Wrath, which rested on the altar in front of the great warrior.  “Gods of the Celestial Plane,” the High Priest called, his elderly voice wavering with ritualistic effort, “Grant your Hero, Thyron, the power to wield the Morning Light in your names, to vanquish the enemies of Clestia.”

I watched the unsheathed sword, the light glinting off its mirror surface.  An inner light began to fill the sword, filling the cathedral with pure white light.  I felt a sharp pain behind my eyes, and I grimaced as the light shined brighter and brighter with the Gods’ power.  I began to hear a voice.

*And so, the Gods’ favor was instilled in the sword, and it shone like the sun.  The priests, knights and serfs in attendance were washed out in the brilliance, their part completed.  The hero stood alone with the Morning Light.  The Gods had bestowed upon him the power needed to vanquish the evil Zedric.  His destiny lay before him alone.*

The words struck me like a mailed fist, and I felt anger well up.  I was Elfar, knight-sergeant of the King’s army.  I was not just a mere serf in attendance.  I was a soldier of the King’s army, same as Thyron.

He was the son of a Knight-Commander.  I had to earn my way to my position.

He was raised in pomp and comfort.  I was born to peasants, noble people who struggled daily to grant me opportunity.  I watched them die at the hands of the Shade.

I fought and bled for the Army.  I earned my way to Knight-Sergeant through toil and determination.  That pompous rich boy’s post of Lieutenant-Commander was handed to him by his Lord Father.  His title came to him from station, not from valor.

Thyron was no paragon of the Gods’ will.  I had more cause than anyone to drive the Morning Light into Zedric’s cursed chest.  How could the Gods not see?

I could not sit and endure this farce.  I would not.  Never.

I squinted into the white light, and approached the altar.  The Morning Light lay on the ornate silk altar cloth.  My hand reached out and gripped the hilt of the sword.  The white light faded.

*Thyron saw a hand reach out and grip the sword.  The light faded immediately.  Confusion filled his mind.*  The voice filled my mind, recording every moment that occurred.

Thyron looked up and turned to me.  *Thyron saw a lesser officer holding the holy blade in his stead.  Anger swelled.*

“What is the meaning of this?!” Thyron roared, rising from his kneeling position.  “The Morning Light is mine!  The ritual is ruined!”  He approached me, mailed fists clenched.

*Thyron’s heart raced.  His fist tightened, his muscles tensed, ready to pummel the upstart.*

I knew the blow before it began, and jumped to the side as Thyron’s fist flew past where I once stood.  My foot came up, and it struck Thyron in the backside.

*Thyron’s anger raged as his blow missed its mark.  Something struck him from behind, and he stumbled to the stone floor, his anger dulling his instincts.*

Thyron landed face-first on the marble floor of the cathedral.  I blinked with realization that I had just struck a superior officer.  My station in the Army was surely over.  I panicked, grabbing the sword hilt from the altar, and turning, I ran to the cathedral doors.  The whole church stood in confusion and anger.

“STOP HIM!” Thyron shouted.  “ARREST THAT MAN!”

*Two guards approached from the Entrance Hall, startled by the commotion.  They looked upon a knight sprinting towards them, the Morning Light in his hand.  They stepped aside, unsure of what had just occurred.*

I increased my pace.  The guards watched me run while Thyron shouted curses from the altar.