Kimiko.
Jason.
Priya.
Charles.
Hiroaki.
Lizvjeta.
Andrea.
Jana.
Ariana.
Joseph.
Rivka.
Segolene.
Cristiano.
Dawood.
Althea.

And then there’s me. I’m... well, my crèche designation is d5:c687fa2b. The Caretaker gave me the name Kiana, but I prefer to just call myself Sixteen. We sixteen, we’re special. We’re survivors. And each of us was born after the ones that proceeded us were long dead. I was born, so the Caretaker tells me, 12,481 years to the day after Kimiko died.

One hundred twenty two generations have been born aboard, exactly a hundred years apart, exactly one hundred embryos matured to childhood and raised by the Caretaker. The idea was that each generation would be born, grow up, and live on having their own children until it was time to raise the next group. We have many billions of embryos aboard (the crèche designation is a serial number, not just a randomly assigned number). The Caretaker has had twelve millennia to learn how to do it right, but the ship, despite having room and resources for over a million people, has never topped 300 in living, active population. They’ve all died off before the next generation. All but sixteen of us, the sixteen that lived to see the next generation, the ones the Caretaker tells me it wished could be leaders.

The Caretaker is getting better at it. I was the first great-granddaughter to be born naturally in sixteen generations, and my mother actually knew Althea as a little girl. She told me that Althea had been a very old woman, a daughter of the last generation, and was nearly a hundred years old when she died peacefully under the protection of friends that included my grandfather. That was more peace than any of my generation ever knew.

It’s more than I’ll ever know.

See, the Caretaker isn’t just a computer. It was created to think and act like a scientist, and from the first moment it achieved sentience, about 75 years into the mission, its sole job has been to create a humanity capable of protecting and preserving itself in a way Earth couldn’t. Every attempt so far — all 122 of them — has been a failure. Which is why the Caretaker has given me a job.

These 100 babies that have just been born are generation 123. The Caretaker has been determined to have more than one survivor into the next generation... if not at least 500. The Caretaker has determined that the vast majority of failures have been due to authoritarian personalities taking over and ensuring societal collapse. This is where I come in. My job is to watch these children as they grow and look for authoritarian traits and eliminate them. 

I’m not young — I just passed my 46th birthday, alone with only the Caretaker like I have for the last twenty years. And I don’t know if I have it in me to kill children. But the Caretaker has taught me everything I could learn about the project and what it will take to succeed, and as much as it sickens me, I hope it’s right.

(h/t to Bob Altemeyer, the reigning expert on authoritarianism and the inspiration for this story.)