'The rumours aren't true. The rumors aren't true.' I repeated that phrase to myself as I looked at the text conversation between Maria and I. I had typed out an invitation to dinner and a movie but my thumb hovered over the send button as doubt filled my mind. 

Maria was EASILY the prettiest girl in my grade. She had long, auburny-burgandy hair and the clearest, bright blue eyes. She waved to me whenever we passed in the halls and shared a table in chemistry. Sometimes we even passed flirty notes. 

The thing that scared everyone away, however, were the rumours that her family, and more specifically her parents, led an underground mob that was notorious in our city for robberies. Nobody wanted to get mixed up with the mobs. Nobody except for me, apparently. 

I re-read the message over and over again. 

'Listen, I might be super far off the ball here, and maybe you're not into me at all, but I think you're really cool and I was wondering if you maybe wanted to go out and get something to eat and then maybe a movie. Totally cool if you're not though!'

While I was in the midst of re-reading the message, she texted me. 

'You've been typing an awful long time... everything ok?'

I quickly copied my big long message and deleted it before typing in response. 

'Yep, all good!'

She responded instantly with a smiley face and I felt my heart flutter. The thought of her smiling at me made my face radiate with happiness of my own. 

I quickly typed out a new message impulsively and hit send before I could think about it. 

'Wanna go out? Tonight?'

There was a long pause. Or at least I thought it was a long pause. The read receipt said she's seen my message as soon as I'd sent it which made my heart pound. After a few seconds she was typing. I shut off my phone to try and make the anxiety go away, but my phone buzzed and the screen lit up only moments later. 

'Like... a date?' 

'Yeah.'

'Wow.'

I dropped my phone off my bed out of shock. She wasn't gay, was she? Now she was probably creeped out by someone she considered a friend in class asking her out. Great. 

My phone auto-shut off after a few seconds and I rolled over so that I wouldn't have to look back at my sad text messages. My heart felt wrenched. Why did I always have to fall for girls and not guys?

My phone buzzed and instinctively I rolled back over to pick it up and check it. Maria had texted me 3 times since I'd last looked at it.

'Wow I... Callie I don't know what to say...'
'I didn't think you were...'
'Um. My answer is yes. Can you pick me up before 7?'

WHAT!? Oh my God, oh my God! She is? She likes me? She's into me? Or maybe she thinks she can be into me?

'Yeah, for sure! I'll be there at 6:30, is that okay?' I texted back quickly. 

'Yes! :)'

I scrambled out of bed to get ready as fast as I could, brushing my slightly tangled hair and pulling it back to try my hand at makeup once again. I was terrible at putting on my own makeup, so I avoided it at all costs. 

When I was ready to go, I jumped in my car (telling my parents I was going out for dinner and a movie didn't bother them much, surprisingly enough) and drove the 5 minute drive to Maria's house.  

I knew where she lived as I'd driven her home a few times from school, and I knew that she lived in the biggest house on her street, which only helped fuel the mobster rumours. 

I pulled up onto her driveway and got out of my car slowly. I sauntered, half-scared out of my mind, to the door and knocked on a large brass knocker. A large burly man who I can only assume was Maria's father answered the door and looked down on me. Further fuel to the mobster rumour, I noted again. 

"State your business." He said loudly.

"U-um... I'm Maria's classmate. Calliope Rose. We're going out... If that's okay with you, uh, Sir." I stumbled for words. 

"Maria's busy," he said matter-of-factly as he began to shut the door. 

"Daaad!" I heard Maria's voice ring out from behind him. "She's telling the truth, I'm going out for dinner now! Please tell Mom to not save me a plate."

Maria's father turned to reveal her coming down their grand staircase. She smiled at me her heart-pounding beautiful smile with a wave and I could barely muster the energy to wave back. She wore a simple summer dress with a cute floral pattern on it while I stood there in a t-shirt, jean shorts, and flip flops. 

"Have fun," her father's tone of voice softened up as he kissed her on the cheek.

"I will!" She smiled back at him before grabbing flats and running out to meet me.

We walked to my car in silence and when we were both seated and buckled, I let out a huge sigh of relief. "Your dad is intimidating," I spoke honestly. 

"He only acts that way to protect me!" She giggled in response. 

I then backed out of her driveway and began off towards the movie theatre. While we were driving I asked where she wanted to eat. She placed a finger to her chin and hummed in thought before suggesting her favourite restaurant. A small, family-run Italian place. "They'll do anything for me there!" She commented upon picking it out. I had no quarrels, I love pasta, so I drove there. 

Upon arriving, a hostess asked us the standard "For how many?". Maria smiled, answering with a chipper voice when the hostess' head shot up.

"Master Maria! My apologies! Right this way!" The hostess then grabbed two menus and led us down a path, through the kitchen, and into a private room. 

"Master?" I laughed nervously once we'd both taken our seats and the hostess had left. 

"Yeah I keep telling them not to call me that but they refuse every time." She dismissed my comment with her breath-taking smile again. 

"So what's with the private table all the way in the back?" I asked softly, opening up the menu.

"Oh you know, family business." She replied, also looking at the menu. 

Out of curiosity I glanced up at her. "For your parents?"

"No, for me!" She added another giggle at the end of her sentence. 

That's when it clicked for me. Her parents weren't the ones in charge. Maria was. 