Liam had a dream about the old days, when he was a truck driver. It was back before automation took over. He was driving down an open road on a beautiful day in the fall. Lush reds and oranges framed his view for as far as he could see. It was so vivid and beautiful that he didn't want the image to fade from his mind. He was hoping that, if he kept his eyes closed, he would slip back into the dream. But, he knew eventually he would have to wake up and face the world.

Liam heard his phone buzz, and with his eyes still closed, reached for it on his nightstand, only to find that his nightstand wasn't there. He was shocked and confused when he opened his eyes to find that he was in a room completely unfamiliar to him. It was a plain looking bedroom with white walls and beige carpet. There was a window to the right of the bed and daylight was creeping through it's blinds. On the opposite wall was a closed door, and to the right of that was a closet. Liam quickly stood up, and walked over to the window to peer outside. He was in, what appeared to be, a neighborhood of townhomes. Each of which was exactly identical and each of which was eerily perfect. Liam turned around and noticed his phone was on the floor next to the bed. The first thing he noticed when he picked it up was the date.

*Saturday, September 22nd*

It felt like a weight was pressing on Liam’s shoulders. Like the force of gravity suddenly doubled, demanding more strength from him to stand. He sat back down on the bed. His mind was racing trying to recount anything from the day before. But, he couldn’t remember a single thing. In confusion and panic, Liam unlocked his phone and dialed 911.

“We’re sorry, but this number has been disconnected or is not in service.”

The air suddenly felt thicker. Liam felt like a dark cloud was descending over him, and he was losing hope. He suddenly remembered that his phone buzzed when he was waking up. He navigated to his messages and found a text from a number he didn’t recognize.

“Are you there Liam?”

Liam responded back. “Who is this? What is happening to me?”

Liam decided to try calling the number that texted him, but before he could, he received a new text.

“I know you’re confused Liam, but just stay calm, you’re doing great. This is Dr. Howl. Do you remember me?”

Liam was frustrated by the response. He didn’t remember a Dr. Howl, and he still didn’t have any answers. He couldn’t help feeling like a lab rat in a meticulously controlled experiment.

Liam responded. “No, I don’t remember you. I don’t know how I got here. I need answers and I’m not going to waste time talking to you, if you can’t give me that.”

The next text took longer than the first reply. Liam waited patiently for almost a minute before his phone buzzed again.

“Liam, it never gets easier to tell you this. 10 years ago, after you were let go from your job, you stole a truck. You put it into manual mode and drove it 200 miles before you fell asleep at the wheel and crashed into a tree. We were able to save you but you fell into a coma, and have been in a coma ever since. About 5 years ago our hospital was given access to a technology that allowed us to put our comatose patients into a simulation. But, not without its flaws. Patients never remember anything from the previous simulation. I’m sorry to say that we’ve had this conversation every day for the past 5 years. We’re working on a way for patients to retain their memory from the previous simulations, but we’re just not there yet. I know this is hard to take in, but try to live today like it’s your last.”

Liam finished reading the text and tried to take it all in. Before he could think of anything to say back, he received another text.

“Oh, and look outside”

Liam spent the rest of the day driving his truck on the open road, on a beautiful day in the fall.

&#x200B;

Edit: After writing this whole thing, I just realized that the prompt calls for September 22nd 2018. I'm an idiot.