I sat, my hands folded calmly in my lap. My captors were growing restless outside of the room. I could see them, it was their mistake to not have a one-sided window. I stared the three men in white lab coats down, looking each of them in the eye.

Three others were in the room with me, dead. They had died within minutes of being exposed to the virus, only one of them had probably lasted past five minutes, and then there was me. 

After the last of my comrades had died, I had broken each wrist, slowly, and broke out of the bindings. Not to run of course. There wasn’t any point in trying the door. The window was obviously reinforced, and there weren’t any vents large enough for even my petite four-eleven frame to fit through. So I had remained sitting.

The one in the middle started to show his nervous tick first. Blinking in twos, as if the first time he opened his eyes after a blink, he had to clear something from them, like disbelief.

The room had started to smell. It was safe to assume that some of them had soiled themselves in death, something that I had gotten used to after numerous missions gone amiss.

“She had been exposed to the agent for over ten minutes now and isn’t showing any symptoms.” The man on the left said. I couldn’t hear anything through the glass, but I could read lips.

“Her wrists, look at them.” The one in the middle said, blinking twice. Will held up her hands, showing her wrists clearly, with no remnants of the bruising that had appeared when she had first broken out of the handcuffs. There was still a little pain, being half-immortal meant that I didn’t have quite the regeneration capabilities that Dad did, but I wasn’t complaining. So far, they had served me well.

“She can hear us.” The one on the right said, and even if I couldn’t hear them, I could see the fear on his face. The others didn’t seem to argue, and it made me wonder how good of a group of scientists they actually were.

I got up. The paper hospital gown that I had woken up in caught on the wooden chair, and ripped slightly, exposing my right shoulder.

“Look!” The one in the middle ran to the front of the room and spoke over the intercom.

“*Code 103. Code 103. This is not a drill. Code 103 in Exam room 2*.” He backed away from the window and intercom system quickly, and quickly went out of the window frame with the other scientists.

I looked down to see what he had pointed at. 

A white scar, branched out like a spider web. It started at the top of my shoulder, and the scars went past the gown. I briefly recalled the location of where they had injected me with the needle, and judging by the state of my colleagues, where they had injected me with the virus.

The door opened, and I turned just in time to see at least five men in bio-hazard masks, aim their guns at me. Behind them, I saw a door marked as an exit.

I searched for an escape, but the first shot rang before I had even lifted a foot off the ground. I looked down and saw the blossoming of red near my heart before everything faded to black.