Rushed to write this, I wanted someone to write it this way and I threw this together.

Life has been perfect. I succeeded in everything I ever did because of my gift. It allowed me to get through school with almost perfect marks. I know what to say and when to say it. My life is a perfectly executed sing along, minus the music.

My gift has its limits however. I’ve tried, and successfully pushed its limits. I once tried to  give myself a test that I made with all of life’s deepest, most sought after questions to try and find the answers. What’s the meaning of life? How do we achieve time travel? What is the secret ingredient to a krabby patty? Every time I asked a question like this, I never really got the answers. I’d get some broad answer like “Time travel will be achieved when/if we are technologically capable of it.” Nothing specific. It seems I only ‘know’ stuff that somebody already has the answers to.

Aside from its limits, my ability has gotten me far in life. I have achieved many things people could only dream of. My perfect life has lead me up to this point, the climax of it all. The Magnum Opus of my story, him. I met him in our hometown of San Diego. We grew up together and he has been my best friend, and love interest for as long as I can remember. We stand here together looking out over the ocean. The water a deep orange, illuminated by the sunset. Everything was perfect. 

I knew why we were here, he was going to propose. I have been waiting for this moment for a long time. He slowly turned to face me, smiling, his warm brown eyes twinkled with happiness. I can’t help but to shake with excitement. He got down on one knee and took a small maroon box out of his pocket. “Kim, will you marry me?”

I looked down at him, I didn’t want this moment to end. Everything was perfect, it always was, but now, on this particular moment it was more. I looked behind him at the text that was forming. I knew what it would say. I knew since I met him what it would say, what I wo- “SAY NO.” The smile left my face. I read it over and over, it’s bright red letters cut across the sky behind him. “DON’T DO IT. SAY NO.” I don’t understand? I love him more than anything. Why would I say no to him? “SAY NO” 

Tears started to form in my eyes. Why won’t you let me have this? “No.” I do everything you tell me to do. “No.” I never even wanted to do “NO.”  half the things you made me “NO” I just “NO” did them “NO” because you “NO” said so. “NO NO NO NO N-“ 

“Yes”

I said it. I didn’t listen. I made my own decision. It felt...weird. I noticed everything around us seemed to go quiet. US, I almost forgot Mike was there. He was proposing how could I forget. I looked down at him expecting him to be overjoyed, but... he wasn’t moving. He was frozen. His eyes were blank and he stared through me. Everything was frozen. Not a single thing around me was moving. 

I heard a loud buzzing sound, then a click. The sky went dark. Black. White letters started to appear in the sky.                        

“CRITICAL ERROR: H46598Y2018 HAS ACHIEVED FREE WILL.”