We were in Australia where every action is slowed by bureaucracy. The aliens, starting out vagrants, planned to work their way up the ladder, until they were positioned to become Prime Minister of Australia.

They landed in the suburb of Braddon. They found the social security office, and thought this was a good step towards wealth. The plan was acquiring wealth, so they would be able to pay their way into politics. They went into the social security office and there was a huge line. There were normal people in there. There was a girl with dreadlocks, and a bloke in white shirt and dress trousers.

The alien's name was Christopher and his girlfriends, Susana. They had borrowed bodies, taking them from two degenerate humans, who used drugs. The man was sick looking, and, no lie, his body was sick and uncomfortable to live in. The girl had been pimped out by him, she'd gone through childbirth twice, which took it's toll despite the two children being underweight. Both had squinting, shrewd eyes.

"It seems we are supposed join the end of this row of people," said Christopher.

"This should be simple," said Susana.

They waited in the line for two hours, which wasn't that bad I suppose. When they got to the counter the bureaucrat said $250 would be in their banks each week. It would be enough to run a car, but the soles of your shoes would have to be worn down all the way before you got a replacement. Your clothes would be neat, but not passable to the more die hard fashionable people. For example, you couldn't get Nike shoes, and a Nike shirt, because $100 is too much to spend. The most you could justify spending was $50 per item. However, this was with the best food - beef casserole, slow cooked chicken and the expensive bread.

The fellow had some kind of liver ailment. The alien thought he needed to get this seen to, because because of this ailment he felt lethargic. He went to the health building, waited 4 hours, and it turned out he had a low level count on two liver enzymes. It was probably from drinking and sharing needles. Christopher still felt the urge, getting so depressed, to use drugs again.

As soon as he got in the human's body, he dropped the White Ox, and upped his diet to a whole-food one. It was the sickness not the isolation that was making him so depressed. His mind was in a shambles. He was dejected, disillusioned and lonely. It was the chemistry of his liver not anything he was doing wrong socially. He'd met with the human's friends and the feeling persisted. It wasn't Black Dog stuff, and he believed, suck it up, there's children with cancer in this world.

He would go tomorrow to get the liver ultrasound done. He was going to do a six week fitness and personal training course, because this was the fastest way to move up the ranks. It was government funded. You had to fill out forms, but it wasn't too bad. It only took two days to get the form back. He'd have to attend the Technical School's gym for 6 weeks. It was going to be good. Christopher had always been a curious alien, and he always had a strong desire to learn weightlifting form. He was a stickler for doing things correctly, and posture when doing weights was right up his ally. He also liked driving sensibly, so all the people behind him got the shits. It was the right thing to do, but people still didn't like it.

He learnt how to spot weights. The course was good, but the gym was too small for all the people in the class. He tried to be assertive, but more often that not had to watch another person demonstrate. In addition, the students in the class talked when the teacher was speaking. Christopher wondered if he was hard of hearing, because he really had to strain to listen to the teacher over the talking students. His eyes were always tired too.

Graduation day came. Susana watched proudly. Susana had worked 20 hours as a cleaner to supplement their income. It added $75 dollars to their income, after they'd reported at the social security reporting line. She didn't have any worker's credit, so she didn't get to earn $1000 before they started deducting money. However, it was Christopher's big day, because he was going to get his Certificate in Personal Training. He had shown up to class with next to no sleep 5 times. He didn't count, but that's how many.

He saw the other students get up to receive their certificates. Then it was his turn. When he got down from the stage, Susana, with her chest out, kissed him roughly on the cheek. "Well done, Christopher," she said.

They got home that night and lay in bed. The bedside lamp on Susana's side was still on and filled the room with an soft glow. The window showed a sun burnt, frosty bush facade. It was moderately hard land, with poisonous insects, but not as bad as up north. There were funnel webs up there in Sydney. In the room, dejected, Christopher looked at the ceiling.

"Do you think we can be politicians," said Christopher. "I mean, tomorrow I've got to get the job paper and look for a job, and even if I get the job we won't get much money. We need a job like accountant, or high up in the public service to think about being successful politicians. It seems here on planet Earth every move you make you have to fill out a form or wait in a line. It would take 20 years to be Prime Minster of Australia."

"I've realized something," said Susana. "These humans need a good leader. I've grown quite attached to these humans, and think 20 years of hardship is worth it if we can help them, by being their leader. We'll slowly work our way up. You'll pay me through university, and then we'll make $2000 a week, rather than $1000, when I'm a physiotherapist, social worker, or psychologist. Then we can start to think about advertising ourselves for the Canberra elections. We can then run nationally, for our new, revolutionary party."

"Or we could just battle away," said Susana, "and get a nice house one day. Maybe we could get one of those pet dogs, humans don't appreciate enough. Yeah, we could have a house, and a pet dog, and we retire and work on the gardening in our spare time."

"That's a fun idea," said Christopher. He cuddled her, cupped her head in his girlfriend's hair, and kissed her on the cheek. Single handed, they had transformed two no-hopers into people who were at least giving it a try. It gave them perspective; they realized the no-hopers weren't entirely bad people, but they'd moved on from that; they were positive people, who now offered something instead of taking. They'd gone a long way, but the majority of the journey was still to come.
THE END.