"You know that's a wall there, right?" Jack asked me, his lips smacking as he dropped another handful of chips in his mouth.

I glared at him. I liked Jack Black as an actor, but as a companion - he was an asshole. " This wall is different than the others."

"That's because it's the TV wall." He informed me.

"I've been here for months now and I've never seen anybody watch TV anywhere." I told him angrily. He really gets on my nerves, and he never offers me any damn chips.

"You're far more entertaining." He shrugged, digging through his bag for more chips. I hate that sound that comes forth from him rattling around in there. 

This has been going on for awhile. I woke up in this ship about three months ago and Jack was there to greet me. He explained that I was here for observation and to just enjoy my time away from my sad, boring life (it's not a bad life, it's not the American dream but I'm working on it....or was.) I haven't met the aliens that abducted me,, but Jack assures me that they're here and they laugh at my antics too. My antics which is me trying to escape. 

I got a cat at home, I need to get back, okay? Are these aliens going to help me get my job back when I return? I don't think so and I highly doubt that those crazy magazines pay all that well. So far, I haven't made too much progress on escaping but the ga are looking up. I've discovered hidden parts of the ship that even Jack didn't know about and he's been here forever it seems.

"I come here when I'm not making a movie." He told.me when I first got here.

"So plan on staying here, I doubt we'll miss you on earth." I told him with my glare. This asshole knew how to leave and wouldn't tell me (he still hasn't).

"Very funny. I'm not sharing my chips with you Miss Attitude." I guess he meant that part, I haven't had any decent human food in a minute or however many minutes are in three months.

I'm not sure what to do, but I'll keep trying to find a way out. I mean, what else is there to do? Jack sure isn't offering to show me how to work that tv wall.