I have a tale to tell you, children, a tale of a spiritual nature. I'm not a religious man by any stretch of the imagination, but what I saw on that strange day forever changed my view of the world. Though it was nearly 50 years ago, I can remember it all with a burning clarity. This is my tale, and I hope you all can sit through it until the end.

I was 34 years old when I was invited on my first expedition. I was an archaeologist of sorts you see; my job was to analyze fragments of ancient tools and equipment, things such as spear heads and pottery, and determine how and when they were made. I took pride in my work of course, and it was quite fascinating to my mind. I even wrote a paper or two; if any of you ever end up taking an archaeology course, you may come across one of my essays in your textbooks.

The point is, I was rather well established in the archaeological community. So when one of my colleagues, a reliable and head-strong man by the name of James Cherrigan, asked me to accompany him on a journey to the Antarctic, I was ecstatic.

"Antarctica?" I questioned him, my curiosity irredeemably piqued.

"Yes, Antarctica. You know those researchers down there, playing with the penguins and trying to grow shit in the cold? They found something in the ice, and they contacted us to come down and take a look. I thought you might like it, Clay. You're always telling me how fascinating ancient cultures are," he said, a wide grin on his face, knowing that I was already running through countless theories in my head, and knowing that I was, without a doubt, going to Antarctica.

What happened next was rather boring to tell the truth, just planning and preparing for the trip. The important part came two weeks from that day, when I stepped off the helicopter and met with the lead scientist of the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Antarctic Research Station, who described to me in greater detail just exactly what we were dealing with. I had already heard the gist of it from James, but I was eager to hear a first hand account.

What he told me was so ludicrous, I began to get angry, thinking some sick joke had been played on me.

He told me of a hatch found buried in the ice, which was revealed due to the melting ice-caps. That I had heard already, and it inspired me with countless theories about it's origin, my first and foremost involving some sort of precursor to the Mayans, who had somehow made their way to Antarctica from South America. No matter what the truth was, I was convinced this would be my big break, the next Rosetta-Stone. I would be remembered by history, and my discovery would be of grand importance.

But the hatch he described was unlike anything I had ever heard of before. I was expecting stone, or perhaps wood that had been preserved in the ice. He described a hatch built of gleaming silver metal, so reflective that they were blinded when their flashlights touched its surface. This set off red flags in my mind, most ancient cultures didn't have metal tools of that sort, especially not made of what sounded like titanium. 

But I called him a liar outright when he said the surface was hot to the touch, and that when one his men tried to open it, they were electrocuted.

I demanded to be escorted back to the helicopter, for I was quite upset that I had been fooled. But I relented when the man grabbed my hand, fear in his eyes, and said in the tones of a haunted man, "Let me show you the body."

So I followed the scientist, along with James and the rest of our team, through the snow to the entrance of a deep cave in the ice. We turned on our flashlights and followed him further, my unease growing with every step. It was clear that this man was not in his right state of mind, so I was wary of him. He seemed so unlike the smiling man I encountered when I stepped off the helicopter. The tunnel seemed to go on forever, and I began to doubt that this was caused by melting ice-caps. The walls were smoother as we traveled further into the cave, and 15 minutes into the walk there was no doubt in my mind that this was a man made structure. I was no longer scared of our guide; rather I was scared of what we find at the end of that long, dark tunnel. 

We finally entered a large cavern, and what hit me first was the sheer scale of the hatch. I was expecting a manhole sized hatch, and was instead greeted with one the size of my kitchen. And then I saw the body. It was hideously burnt, and smelled of sulfur and overcooked meat. But what I remember most was his teeth, clenched together from the shock, and bent into a macabre smile. James had not spoken in 20 minutes, but upon this sight he vomited, I assume from the stress, and collapsed to the ground.

I was certain that whatever had happened to this man would soon happen to me. But my curiosity has always been my downfall, and so I walked further into what I then considered my tomb. The cover of the hatch was indeed blindingly silver and hot to the touch, but I was stunned when I saw the engraving on top of the door. It was of three stylized mammoths looking upwards, toward a single star in the sky. Despite myself, my emotions were swelling. The engraving was beautiful, and the idea that this ancient culture had somehow been forgotten by time was a terribly sad idea. I wondered if perhaps one day, some culture would forget us in the same way.

All of these thoughts however were demolished when the metal circle began to rise out of the ground, and flashing lights that were before hidden in the ice began to refract dancing red light around the cavern. The ground shook as this ancient machinery ground against the ice. It rose nearly halfway to roof of the cavern, and came to a halt. The silence was unlike anything I'd ever experienced. No one in the room said anything. A door in the metal opened, the size of a two barn doors stacked on top of each other, and inside was a blinding fluorescent light. Before that moment we had ten men, and suddenly there was only myself, as the rest ran for the relative safety of the outside world. But I couldn't help myself. I knew that if I didn't go through that door, I would forever long to return, unable to die happily without answers. So I thought it would be better to die now with questions fulfilled.

I stepped into the metal tube and watched as the door slid closed. It was a since of odd familiarity that I felt when I realized this was some form of elevator. I could feel myself moving downward, deeper and deeper underground, for an unnerving amount of time. Again I felt a primal fear, and instinctively readied myself to fight, my flashlight brandished as a weapon. And then the door opened. Again I saw the symbol, of mammoths and star, adorned on countless banners around the room I now found myself in. Red carpet led down a short hall to a door similar to the one I had just left. It opened slowly, and what I saw is the reason I now consider myself a man of faith.

A woman walked toward me, holding in her hands silver plaque the size of a laptop. She wore a silver crown on her head, and her flowing robes were crimson and snow. Behind her was a legion of warriors, at least 100 men, armed with spears made of the same metal everything else here seemed to be. And two mammoths with metallic armor followed suit, men riding atop them prepared for battle.

The queen stepped towards me, and with what I now know to be magic, she spoke an incantation upon the metal. A series of runes appeared on its surface and I stared at them for ages before their meaning became apparent. It was not in English. Through this magic, I was able to understand the deeper, archaic and arcane meaning of the words.

>Has the Great Cold come to an end, my child?

So children, now you know how I came to be your king, and now you know my shame. I lied to all of you. I lied to my precious queen, though I loved her as dearly as did you all. In that moment, I was unsure that you were ready, that the world was ready for what I had found. And so I lied to Cal'inthi, and told her the cold was not over, and that the survivors live in great pain upon the surface. I fell in love with your queen, and she returned my affections. Cal'inthi was an amazing woman, and our spirits were bound here, underground, away from the rest of the world. I loved her dearly, though I kept my secret from her and from you all. I know you are all angry. I have become your king, kept up this facade for decades, all built upon a lie. 

And now I will tell you the truth. The truth I could not bear to tell Cal'inthi, the reason I have waited until her death to tell all of you. The Great Cold, or as my kind called it "The Ice Age", has been over for a very, very long time. People upon the surface live in lush, green lands, full of food and life. We have technology rivaling some of your own, though still we are far from your advances. You could have left thousands of years ago, and traveled north, to where humanity lives in comfort. We number in the billions now, far more than your numbers. But I did not know how humanity would react. In the time you've been gone, we've developed a nasty tendency to hate what we don't understand. But now, I think it is time. If they react with war, then so be it. We will rise, and we will let the world know that we are here.