The thought came unbidden. But there it was, lodged in between the intangible folds of his mind. He ignored it at first, yet the trembling of his rattling bones, and the fast, steady thrumming of his heart spoke of an ever-settled fear.

He was twenty now. It'd been ten years since he'd put on the goggles. Ten years of ups and downs, of friendships, broken hearts, and laughter.

But the thought, like a shard, twisted and interred itself deeper and deeper. 

It would only take a swift, simple movement of his hand to confirm or destroy his suspicion.

But was it a suspicion? If it were a trifling, meager doubt; a silly thought, then why was he feeling such terror? 

He knew what would happen when he reached for his eyes: the air would become heavy weight on the heel of his palms, and the lake, like a rising backdrop, would disappear, and be replaced with who knows what.

He sat on the edge of his bed. Drew a deep breath, felt the thrumming of his heart rippling through his hollow chest.

*Boom*

*Boom*

*Boom*

*Breathe*

Arms shaking, lips trembling, eyes twitching, he reached for his eyes--halted mid-motion, and gulped down the brewing fear materialized in the shape of scalding nausea.

And then he took them off.

His room turned into a forest of great pines. Their shadows fell upon him and the mud-covered log he was sitting on. The scent of dry pinecones, burgeoning flowers, and sundry berries billowed into his nostrils. They were clean, whelming, cleansing.

The autumn colors of the trees glistened upon his eyes, throwing red and yellows streaks over their black surface. There were so vibrant, so concise and palpable. They were so real, so beautiful.

*Breathe*

A tear meandered down his cheek, followed by an army of them. The fear knitting his insides turned into a wriggling, rising anguish that sped up the thrumming of his heart.

How much time had he lost? Where was he? Who was he?

Through teary-eyed eyes, he gazed at the googles in his hand. They were the root of his despair. No--no, that was not true. His stupidity, his lack of self-awareness was the issue, not the goggles. He'd spent half his life living in an unreal reality, and it was time he'd never get back.

But he was somewhere in that reality. Here, in the beautiful wild, with all his senses awakening from their dormant state, everything fit like the pieces of puzzle. Everything was too real, too tangible, too perfect.

It was a flawless puzzle, save for a lonely piece that used to fit, but didn't anymore.

And so, blinking tears away, he put his goggles back on.

The fear was gone.

-------------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn

       