"Mr Sans will see you now, Sir."

I thanked the receptionist, who was, far and away the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and made my way to the imposing office door.

On the other side of the door, behind a gigantic, mahogany, desk sat a Man one can only describe as, Mephistopolean, tall, gaunt, pale skin, dark hair, and a ridiculously sharp, perfectly maintained Van Dyke beard.

"Good afternoon Mr Smith."

"Hello, Sans, remember me?"

"No. Wait ... are you the bag of money guy from the park?"

"Yes. Yes, I am."

"Well then "Mister Smith" if that is your real name, what can I do for you today?"

Sans was smiling like a schoolyard bully about to kick the ass of his regular victim for the umpteenth time, when I put a piece of paper on his desk. His smile disappeared immediately.

"What is that?"

"Oh I think you know exactly what it is."

He picked up the paper,  read it in an instant, and all color (what little there was of it ) drained from his skin. Then his hair disappeared, then his Saville Row suit, and then his skin. He still looked vaguely human, but flayed, red glistening muscles, pearly white teeth and pale blue eyes.

"This can't be right," He said, trying to remain calm, but the tremble in his voice gave him away.

"Yes, it can, and it is. You see right there, at the bottom, that is His signature, in My blood."

At that moment, a large, brown paper, shopping bag appeared on his desk, I checked it briefly, and found it to be filled with neatly stacked, non-sequentially numbered, US Hundred Dollar Bills.

"And the bag of money, we had originally contracted for?"

"Of course, I have that, right here." I said, pulling a sock full of pennies from my jacket pocket. "To be returned, upon completion of renewal of the contract."

I then proceeded to use the sock full of pennies to beat the living shit out of Mr Sans. Well, not exactly shit, more like some sort of oily bile. When I left the office, he seemed to still be alive, but I was pretty sure his next appointment would finish him off.

I stepped into the waiting room, where his receptionist was waiting for me. She was still as beautiful as she had been a few  minute before, but she had changed, her eyes were on fire, literally, and she asked, 

"Is it done?"

"Sure thing Honey, he's all yours."

I took my bag of money, and walked down the hall to the street, whistling a happy tune, accompanied by the wails of a Demon, experiencing the fury of a Woman Scorned.

It was going to be a lovely afternoon. 






