I stared at the bar for what felt like an eternity, and the bar stared right back.  All my life I'd been a decent person, or at least I'd like to describe it that way.  Everyone has the fleeting thoughts of doing something crazy, but nobody actually goes through with it, right? Well today I was reborn in my own way. I caught him with that fucking whore finally.  Didn't even have the decency to put a new sheet down, or not have sex on **our** fucking bed.  When I walked in from getting off my shift at the hospital, I could tell immediately she was there.  How? Besides the stench of her trash-can perfume, he doesn't ever cook unless he wants something.  Oh, and look, it's *his favorite meal to make when it's a "special occasion."*  Guess he was too busy fucking her with his eyes to actually think for a goddamn moment.

Sorry, let me explain; he didn't know I'd be coming home because he didn't think I knew about her.  He didn't think I'd switch shifts to catch him in the act, because he had no idea I'd known.  I closed the door quietly behind me, hearing the infamous grunts of his shallow personality through the walls.  I set my bag down on the counter and took out the solution, and some Propofol pre-injection filled syringes with I.V. lining attached. Donned my favorite type of gloves, AloeForm size 6 1/2 nitrile gloves. Using two pieces of cloth, dumped the solution on them in the sink. I was ready to get rid of this asshole once and for all, and tonight was the decided night.

With each cloth in hand, I crept down the hall and next to the door.  Definitely at a... *passionate* time, which would work well. The door was slightly open, so the handle wasn't a noise concern. I gently opened the door just enough to crouch through.  What a sick fuck, I'd slave away with patients every day while this fuck can't even keep his dick out of anything with a pulse.  *Hell, I bet if the mattress looked like an ass he'd somehow end up counter-shagged by a broken spring.*  They're into it and breathing heavily, I'm behind him, lurking in the shadows over his back.  He breathes out and I latch onto his face with both rags, he gasps for air and accidentally inhales them.  Choking, he immediately attempts to get up, but is stopped by the whore's powerful legs.  She think's he's loving it, and can't believe how much he's into it.  I use this time to grab the medium vase he gave me when he told me how much he *"loved me"* and how much he *"thought about me"* on his *"business trip."* I had begun to hear the cries of the whore when I turned around.  Primal and in fear, he began to slam his fists onto her face and immediately began choking her in an oxygen-deprived attempt at stopping her grasp.

Her legs rested lifeless before I slammed that fucking vase onto the top of his head, knocking him unconscious.  Lucky for him, he managed to get the rags out of his mouth before choking to death as he fell to the floor.  Tonight, I learned chloroform really does suck at knocking someone out; it's much quicker in Hollywood, that's for sure.  I only had a few moments if not minutes before she and then he would wake up.  I flicked the lights on as I ran to grab the syringes.  I didn't know how small the woman was, but I knew how big my husband was.  If the bitch died who cares, I planned on making him suffer though.  I gave a standard dosing for a 150lb woman to her, and a nice 195lb dose for the bastard.  Both might have been less than I needed, but all I needed was temporary time.

I reached under the bed and pulled out my lovely husband and I's collection, I figured I didn't need anything but the rope and the chair in our room.  I tied her up to the chair, just like sensual lovers are; except this time there was no escaping, safe words, or talking.  I reached back into the collection and put a full gag, blindfold, and ear muffs on her, to muffle any attempts at yelling if she were to wake up early.  As I was putting the finishing touches on I heard the door slam.  That filthy fuck was fatter than I thought.  I bolted to the door and ran into the hallway, I could hear him as he slammed the front door open, likely shocked at first to see his wife tying up his mistress, and then to realize what's happening.  Unluckily for him, I keep my keys on a lanyard under my scrubs. I quickly take a kitchen knife before leaving the apartment.

I see him desperately trying to open the door to his truck as he watches me running towards him.  He dashes and makes a break for the exit, while I get in my yellow Volvo.  Don't ask me what model, I work on bodies, not cars.  The prey decides to continue running, he's running down the road in hopes to stop someone, but it's too late.  I keep the headlights off as I floor the gas, though not particularly fast at top speeds it does zip around pretty nicely.  I keep the headlights off until he finally notices I'm not chasing him on foot.  He turns to look and before he turns away I manage to dazzle him with the brights.  He stumbled a little from his footwork becoming unfamiliar with closed eyes, but ultimately turned to run towards the sidewalk.  That's when it happened, the contact was first made with his right posterior hip, continuing into his right buttocks.  The force began to push his body forward and collapse his spine the incorrect way, but because he can't do anything properly in his fucking life, he ends up becoming a human tire hub.  Rolling over my car the inverse way.  I'd say back-flipping, but it was more like back-molding over my car.  When his neck took the full force of his body weight it snapped, sputtering blood over the hood and some parts of the windshield as his neck tore open.  After he was done banging my car and I had surely removed him from atop it, I turn the car around and stopped it with headlights on him.  I put it in park and got out to check if this fucking dickhead got far better than he deserved.  Whatever god was out there preventing me from torturing this bastard to oblivion, *fuck you.*  I left him there to rot and parked in my garage.  I'm sure some wise fuck will come by telling me if I knew he was dead, and tell me how I'm feeling and that they understand how terrible the news must be.  *Whatever,* fucking dick got what was coming.

I took off the gloves and put them in the garbage.  After washing my hands I washed my face to get the sweat and raw emotion off of it, but that's when I noticed it.  For the first time in my life the bar above my head had grown.  



I stared at the bar for what felt like an eternity, and the bar stared right back.



Edit: Was a fun write, normally don't do this.  Just re-editing as I realize errors in the writing.