I was 14 when the words on my chest became dark enough to finally read. I read the names over and over. It made sense, I was heavily depressed and wasn't surprised to see my own name over someone else's. I sighed and decided not to show my parents, though they'd been asking since I turned twelve. I put down my shirt and ran downstairs to the computer to research the other name. Erynn Donovyn. 

*That is a stupid amount of Y's for one name*  I thought. I recognized her slightly from high school tours. Our town had two high schools and we were randomly assigned to one. I assumed I'd meet her in high school and we'd fall in love from there. I turned off the computer and laid in bed, wondering what my life would be like. How could I fall in love with someone, knowing I was going to take my own life.

...

My assumptions about Erynn were correct. We met in our freshman year and somehow I plucked up enough confidence to talk to her. Within a few weeks we became close friends and I finally showed her my tattoo. 

She wouldn't show me hers. She said her family was very private about their tattoos. I had known a lot of people whose families were similar, so I didn't press the issue. 

Our relationship was fun and playful for the first year. We would spend days together, just enjoying each others company, I even felt my depression begin to lift. For the first time ever, I looked in the mirror and liked the person I saw. I wanted to stay that way. I'd never heard of someone's tattoos changing (except for in the shitty tabloids), but maybe, just maybe, mine could. 

After a year, Erynn showed a new side of herself. She was jealous and possessive. I always told her she had nothing to worry about, that she was the only one for me. It was permanently in my skin for fucks sake! But she never listened. She would scream at me, hit me, throw things...and that was just if she saw me talking to a female friend at school, God forbid I go out with female friends. 

She still wouldn't show me her tattoo

With Erynn's hidden personality setting in, I started to feel my depression coming back. It loomed over me like a house with a million darkened windows. I couldn't be that person again, I still believed I could change my tattoo. I worked hard on self care, because at least I'd have myself to fall back on at the end of one of her tirades. 

When we were 25 I went out with a friend from high school and didn't check my texts. This was Erynn's tipping point. When I got home she was sitting outside, face red with fury. I barely stepped out of the car when she started screaming. I couldn't get a word in before she got into her car and started driving off, one of her favorite games, she expected me to chase her so I did. 

I didn't understand why her reverse lights were on until she hit me at 45MPH. 

I lay on the pavement, the pain dulling as the world went black. 

It hadn't occurred to me until then that the names could have been reversed.