It was year 314, day 120 of my service of the great Lord Asmodeus, essentially his phone bouncer. My job was to prevent him from getting swamped with calls from mortals, without violating any of the Laws, handling each and every call according to protocol.
I bounced into existence on the ground, called upon by a slight variation of the ritual almost all devil cults used, and looked around unwarily. The only other occupants of the room seemed to be a young boy, perhaps 8 years old, and an even younger girl of about 5, sound asleep.  
Too bad, waste of time. Law 17, Section D, Subsection i clearly stated that an individual who is bound into a pact must be over the local age of consent or over 16 demonic years, whichever was higher. Something about preventing the wrath of the humans.  

Since I was going to have to stay until he was done giving me his request, Law 2, Section E, I sat down and took a look around. A mostly empty cellar, a summoning circle of what seemed to be vegetable soup, but augmented with still bloody fingers. His fingers. Now I was interested, and I looked at his face.  

He looked back, seemingly unafraid of the most malevolent Lawful creatures in the multiverse, though twisted in pain.  
“I’m sorry, sir Asmodeus, but I need help. My dad, he was never nice to us, but now…”  
I saw the fear flash into his eyes as he mentioned his father and held in a tired sigh. If only he was a few years older, then I could have passed the age violation off as an accident. My gears began turning as he continued.  
“Since the death of mom this summer he just can’t keep of the bottle anymore, it is like we lost both our parents!” He was sobbing now, and I could here somebody hitting at the door, shouting for quiet, as the young boy continued.  
“Please, protect my sister. I’ll do anything, if it would bring down the armies of hell, but stop him from harming Mertyl!”  
My wings suddenly fluttered in happiness as I saw it: Law 17, Section E, subsection vii: “if there is provably no parent figure in the life of the minor, the minor has the full right to its own decisions and pacts”.  
I looked the boy in the eye and said: “I am but a humble servant, but if you can show the grave of your mother and the bruises your father gave you, I will give the orders which can unleash hell and protect your sister, at the lowly cost of the soul of one adult male. Do you agree to these terms and find them legally binding, now and in eternity?”  
He returned the gaze and said solemnly “I agree to these terms. Let us go.”

---

It is now year 314, day 172 of my service to the great lord Asmodeus. I am now a chain devil in command of a full company of lower devils, pushing in the advance over the Sword Coast.
