The transmissions were the thing that got to Doug the most. Not the artificial features and strained expressions which placed his roommate firmly within the uncanny valley. Even the constant questions about the mundane were tolerable once he got used to it. After all, it didn’t take much effort to explain the purpose of an egg beater, and not much more to explain that the egg had done nothing in particular to deserve such treatment. It was the low hum that permeated the night. When all else was still, the hum filled Doug’s room, coming from all directions at once, demanding his attention. It was ironic,  he thought, that his roommate’s choice of timing, which would seem to indicate an uncharacteristic discretion, served only to highlight his activities. As an artist would use lines to guide the viewer's gaze, the hum alerted the ears and guided them to the hushed clicks and groans emanating from the next room.  He had no idea what language his roommate was speaking, but he was now certain that it was one. Lying awake every night between 2 and 3 am, he started to recognize patterns. 

The nights had been almost unbearable at first, an unwelcome jolt from sleep, but over time, he came to accept the one true  annoyance from his new roommate. Indeed, once he adapted his sleep pattern, and drowsiness no longer clouded his perspective, he counted his blessings that this one known grievance was the only thing he truly had against this newest occupant. After all, the guy last year was far more of an offense the other other senses. No, if he had to choose between a predictable hour of noise and the smell that used to waft through the hallway, he’d be firmly in the noise camp every time. It really wasn’t so bad, and the new roommate could be fun.

At the beginning of the summer, Doug had been told that his new boarder was merely an exchange student, but he quickly found peculiarities, or  more accurately,  obvious questions that Doug could not get answers to. For starters, his roommate had no name. Far from being shy about it, his roommate simply offered the explanation that he had no need of a  designation. And he never ate. Doug was sure of it. He went as far as to keep a regular inventory on the food in the cupboards just to be sure. It didn’t take Doug terribly long to figure out that his roommate was an alien posing as human, and in Doug’s honest opinion, doing a pretty crap job of it.

But the revelation didn’t really bother Doug. His roommate was weird yes, but appeared to be in the same extraterrestrial threat category as A.L.F. and moon shoes. After monitoring the roommate, Doug had concluded that any purpose must be scientific. Maybe they were observing earth before offering admission into some kind of Galactic Federation. The possibilities ran endlessly through Doug’s head as he led his roommate through the city on weekends, taking in museums, concerts, restaurants, and an assortment of local events. Really, anything they could get to was fair game because his roommate always seemed to have enough money for the both of them. Doug recalled his companion’s complete ignorance of societal customs regarding cash, one time going so far as to hand a waiter a large stack of bills, asking him to remove whatever tip he deemed fair. As far as Doug was concerned, he would play E.T.’s travel agent as long as the money held out.

On the 4th of July, everything had proceeded normally. Doug, who at this point had to reign in his roommate’s liberal application of money to any vendor who approached them, had found the perfect spot on a hill to watch the fireworks. With time to spare, Doug sat down looking forward to quietly watching the sunset. His roommate sat  beside him, fidgeting with a souvenir he had purchased earlier. Through the sunset, Doug had noticed the growing apprehension of his companion, but as the crowd filled in, Doug observed what passed for giddy anticipation return to his roommates face. Doug wondered if fireworks could be impressive to someone who has presumably been into the stars. They must be such feeble lights when compared to the gaseous stellar giants that could swallow the entire solar system. But no matter how small their display, his roommate had chosen this planet for a reason, so he must find a simple pleasure in these customs. The expectant look certainly didn’t betray any hint of boredom. 

But when the first firework went off in the distance, everything about that look immediately changed. Doug realized quickly that the explosion was much too far off to be part of the show, it was merely someone with their own mortars trying to preempt the main event. Looking around, Doug realized that the actual blast couldn’t even be seen from their location. But upon turning back towards his companion, Doug realized his roommate had taken off running back towards their apartment. Taking after him, Doug had to run the entire half mile from the park back to their apartment with his roommate illuminated by the brilliant bursts of light and thunderous explosions. Doug tried to calm his agitated friend who by now was gathering everything he deemed valuable into his arms. Finally, as if completing a mental checklist of items he must have, he became aware that Doug was in the room. A flash of regret showed across his face as he surveyed Doug who seemed genuinely concerned for his well being. Informing Doug that he was terminating his tenancy effective immediately and offering only a fleeting apology, his roommate sprinted, items still in hand, past Doug and into the center of the street. Doug, realizing the date and remembering that his rent was the next day called after him from the door, “What about the rent? It’s due tomorrow!”

His roommate wore a look of confusion that turned to pity as he began to disappear into a beam of light. “Oh, I see you still think those are fireworks.”