“The 1400s were the easy part. I woke in Northern Italy, pissed that I had missed my target time. Sure, it took me a bit to get my bearings and adjust to the lifestyle and language but it was pretty smooth from there. I had to make sure I didn’t screw up the timeline so every 20 years or so, I would move. New home, new friends, sometimes new language. It was hard the first time but I got used to it. It was a nice, semi-nomadic life. I was lucky enough to narrowly avoid the Black Death (that would have been hard to avoid). 

It was fairly easy to pretend to be a hardcore devout Catholic. There were so many people who died for defying the church, why couldn’t they just pretend like the rest of us non-believers? 

I spent those years learning and preparing for the events that I knew would come. I made sure that I was in the right place to be safe from the worlds disasters. 

It was fairly easy until the 1900s rolled around. I had needed to get out of Europe in the late 1800s to avoid WWI. The problem was, I couldn’t let there be any record of me in the event that it might change history or let people know in the modern day what I had been doing with my experiments. 

The solution to my problem might have been stupid, but I did it. I went to England during the days of the British Empire. I was in France at the time so the journey was easy. Once in England, I got myself arrested. The Brits sent me to Australia where I was able to live in the outback on my own for the hardest years of my life. I couldn’t let there be a record of me so I took part in no human interaction. Especially after cameras became popular. I couldn’t risk getting caught in the background of a picture and having me identified. At least early on I could make friends that I could talk to for 20 years. Now, I spent the next 150 years or so in almost complete isolation to ride out the terrible 1900s. 

I had almost lost my sanity when 2018 arrived. I was able to occupy myself with learning as much as I could to make me as valuable as possible when I returned. By 2019 I had enough money scrapped together to head back to the US where I could continue my research.

I have been working on refining my time machine for the last decade now. However, I can’t run the risk of running into myself. I need you to go back and test it this time. Eventually you will fix what I couldn’t fix.”

“When do I start?”

“Yesterday. Eventually we will get you to the dawn of humanity, so you can kill those stupid apes and save this planet.”

