"Ah, shit. Shit." Death muttered, wiping the dirt and dust off his cloak. "Ah, fuck." He exclaimed, nearly hitting a building. "Jesus, I really need to talk to the big man about these flight controls.." He said, making a series of quick turns. "Alright. Let's see.." Death whispered to himself, going through an endless list. "Hyrell Nuclear Power." He said, looking up from the list and quickly parking in what remained of the area. After he had exited his vehicle, he wasted no time getting to the front door of the building. "HEY! HEY! YOU!" Death screamed in an echoing, gravelly voice. The small group of survivors quickly turned around, with the leader firing a short burst of bullets at him in fear. Death stopped, and looked at his torn cloak. "Oh. Nice. Thanks, shithead." He said, staring at the leader with his empty sockets. The leader managed to put a sentence together. "W-who..who are you?"  Death rolled his nonexistent eyes. "Seriously? You can't tell?" He said, motioning towards himself. "Cloak of darkness, skeleton, voice of a demon? Big ass scythe?!" The leader lowered his gun. "N-no.." the leader spoke. Death sighed. "I'M DEATH, YOU FUCKING IDIOT!" He quickly exclaimed, his voice booming. "Christ.." Death muttered, holding his forehead. "Alright, you shitskulls. I'm here to save you." He said, rage in his voice. "You retards thought it would be a great idea to run into a nuclear power plant that hasn't been maintained for a couple of years. Normally, this wouldn't be a problem, because  your dumb machines would take care of the situation. But, because some fucking survivor came and stole all of the water, which means there's no coolant. The worker robots, knowing this, have to cool down the plant. They decide to use the liquid nitrogen inside of them. But, because of the fact that liquid nitrogen is the shittiest coolant ever, it produces toxic gas and barely cools it down. So that means hundreds of bots are gone each day, and the toxic gas is all over the plant. Oh, and the plant is going to melt down today." The group stared at him. "How do you know all this?" An old man asked. "Because I'm **fucking death**." Death said, little flickers of flame in the corners of his sockets. "Anyway, stay out of the goddamn plant." He said, pointing at the building. A young child popped out of the small crowd. "Why are you helping us, mister?" She asked, head tilted to the side. Death put his hands in his pockets. "Eh, because ^I'd^lose^my^job."  The crowd quickly looked at each other in confusion. "What?" The leader asked. Death kicked a rock. "Cause I'd l^o^s^e^my^job.." He muttered. The leader yelled. "Just cut the shit!" Death looked up. "I'D LOSE MY JOB!" Death yelled back. The group started to get angry. "So you just care about yourself?" Someone yelled from the crowd. "Yeah, I do." Death said. "Well that's a dick move!" They yelled again. "YOU KNOW YOUR MOM WENT TO HELL BECAUSE SHE KICKED DOGS, RIGHT?!" Death screamed at the mystery man. "Anyway. You fuckwits need to head to New York. Mass graves there. I can bring some back to life, and you can fuck and save humanity." The leader stood there, face in hand. "You know New York is hundreds of miles away? And that the path is full of mutants and monsters?" Death nodded. "Well, then you'll need an escort. The scythe isn't just for show, pal." Death said, spinning the scythe. "Man, I fuckin' love doing that." The leader turned back towards the crowd.  "Well, you heard him. Let's get going." The leader said, motioning for the group to follow. Their journey had begun.




"Is no one going to mention the fact that we're going to fuck dead people?" Asked a passerby.



Made by /u/Nuclear-Sloth
Sequels done by popular request
Subreddit coming soon!