You'd think death would be something to be feared. Eighty years ago, you'd be right. But then again, a lot of things were different back then. A lot can change in eighty years. 

For a start, eighty years ago people were convinced the world was going off the deep end. Polluted environments, global warming, overflowing refuse that they couldn't put anywhere, dubstep and house music becoming commonplace,  utterly horrifying stuff. Not to mention, the small difference that people could actually die back then. 

It's a lot more different these days. The fact that all the living people could age and become withered invalids kickstarted the science community into stopping ageing. Made us into a proper metropolis, it did. The company that created the drug spread it throughout the world free of charge! Thank god for philanthropist billionaire drug moguls, eh? 

Of course, it wasn't all roses, sandwiches and handjobs. Some of the sickest things you can imagine happened. The aged invalids, unable to see, walk, hear, taste? They were burned to save space after the population reached critical levels. They couldn't die, we all knew, but they were burned anyway and the ashes were dumped. Same for the "undesirables". Criminals, vermin. Mandatory sterilisation at birth. There was a lot of rioting, a lot of outrage, a lot of apathy. 

The drug changed everything! We'd achieved immortality. We could pursue other ventures! Robotic servitude, space travel, colonisation! War basically stopped, there was no way to win because if someone got shot they'd just up and continue onward. We became what only the most optimistic people of the 2000s could dream, and more. No grimdark universe for us, thank you!

In 2070 I was eight years old, and I killed my dog. I didn't mean to, but not meaning to do it doesn't change the fact. In my defence it was an accident, I tripped over and landed on it, broke the poor thing's back, crushed it. Poor Fluffles. I cried for hours. I mean, my dog was dead, my parents were going to kill me, and it was my only real friend. It's not like there were any other kids to play with. 

But when my parents found us, they weren't mad at all. I was completely dumbfounded, dogs were neither cheap nor easy to keep. Plus the fact that, y'know, it was the family dog. But they were shocked. It wasn't until years later when I was an adult and safe to go outside and avoid arrest that they told me the sheer gravity of what I did.

I'd worked it out years before, but to hear it said by someone else made it seem even more bloody insane! 

My parents gave me the drug and a fake ID, then sent me on my way. I immediately went to the police and killed a rat I caught right at the front desk, and my face was plastered all over the news.

I'm forty now, it's 2102. At the time they couldn't decide whether to lock me away, burn me, let me be, or let those who wanted death come to me and demand I do the deed.

At forty years old, I have killed countless people, and it has made me rich.