It was Sunday morning, and as usual for a day of this sort I had found myself unable to leave the restroom since I awoke. It was entirely my fault, I had an unhealthy fondness for grape infused vodka despite the absolutely explosive diarrhea it tended to cause. While unpleasant, I found it preferable to the other methods my body had for getting rid of the apparent toxic waste I’d been fueling my body with.

It was good I was a teacher and didn’t usually have to worry about attending work on the weekends, I had to grade papers of course, but that could be done on the toilet with relative ease. Perhaps I ought to be scolded by someone for my somewhat unsanitary practices, but none of my students have gotten pink eye and if they did then they likely deserved it, honestly some of the essays I read are so bad that I’m half convinced I should save them for when the toilet paper runs low.

Suddenly with what sounded like the ferocity of a kick from a particularly buff horse, there was a loud bang from my living room followed by the sound of twenty or so people tarnishing my carpet with thick boots. I wasn’t about to move up from my porcelain throne without extensively cleaning my bottom, so I sat there hoping whatever had barged into my living arrangements unannounced at least would have the courtesy to knock before entering the restroom.

They did not.

A SWAT team clad in riot gear flooded my cramped restroom, I am not entirely certain if they even tried to open the door or if they just walked straight into it figuring physics was in their favor when it came to wooden doors, either way it scared the shit out of me in more ways than one. The space was not enough to accommodate such a large quantity of armored men, but they tried regardless, this was easily the largest crowd I had without my pants on and it caused my ass to clench up tight enough to break fingers.

Oddly, they did not face me or try to apply handcuffs and haul me away as was expected, instead they were about-face toward the entrance of the restroom, they held their riot shields leaving their guns left to dangle on their straps.

“Here they come.” one of them whispered in a grizzled voice.

Whatever this maneuver was, I’m not entirely certain it was meant for armed threats, otherwise they’d probably have spread out a bit to use their rifles. I’m not entirely certain if they even knew I was here, but by the scrunched noses of some of them I presume it was impossible not to. I was inclined to just curl up in a ball and hide behind the toilet, but I was also inclined to not show of my genitals to a crowded room of men, so for now my instinctual need for decency overrode the concern for survival, as silly as that may be.

The seconds marched on slowly masking themselves as minutes, the tension was thick, amplified by the awkwardness of the whole situation. It seemed as if the utter silence was important, so the sudden churning of my stomach and the inevitable torrent that’d follow amplified my worries of making it out of this alive. The fear of death did well to keep my ass clenched, but as the seconds ticked by my ass grew further and further to the brink of doom, but just as the floodgates were about to open I felt a shift in my sphincter, then with immense speed all the build up shot back up my intestines. I sighed with relief as perhaps my actions prolonged my life quite significantly.

_poot._

Oh no.

One of the SWAT members began snickering, a snicker that was mighty familiar.

“Frank?” I asked, one of them briefly glanced at me before he quickly averting his eyes. Then, it dawned on me. “Frank, this is quite the prank, still trying to match what I did to you in college?”

“Oh, come on!” Frank threw his riot shield to the ground and took off his helmet. He looked at me with frustration and pure anger. “We didn’t even get to the good part!”

“Is it off?” A clown drenched in blood peaked in through the restroom’s entrance with an inquisitive expression.

“Yeah, it’s off.’ Frank said defeated. The SWAT team began to disperse, all but Frank who hung his head low and sighed.

“You could have at least gotten more convincing  actors, your SWAT team was just embarrassingly unconvincing.” I said trying desperately to regain what little dignity I had left.

“Those SWAT weren’t actors,” he clenched his right fist, “and don’t you dare speak poorly of my squad.”