"This is it. I hope i did everything I could.. I guess it's time to go to Valhalla."

Who knows those would be my last words? The warm blood forming a pool right under me. As i lie on my back I look up and see him running towards me. An any combatant. I yell as my fellow soldiers don't notice him about to run the corner. With my remaining strength i grab my service pistol and carefully aim. I pull the trigger. The heat of the gun powder and escaping gases go across my face. The last thing i see is the enemy fall to the floor and the shell casing land in front of me where my head rests. The last thing i hear is companions rushing over to me. i can slightly feel them as they try and save me but i know it's too late. The darkness slowly enveloping me confirms that. I faintly smile thinking about them and all the good times we had then i feel nothing. I hear trying their hardest to save me. their voices begin to get distorted. Everything begins to get muted. The last voice i heard said 

"Until Valhalla brother..". A ringing in my ears gradually gets louder and louder. it becomes deafening. I try and yell but as soon the ringing stops a white bright low explodes into view. Slowly i start making out the surrounding area. Trees, beautiful blue sky. I start feeling the breeze hit my face. I ate a deep breath and open my eyes widely in shock. I look at my body and pat myself down checking for injuries.

"What? What's going on here? Wasn't I just in battle?" That's when it hit me. I check my vest and yeah, it has bullet holes. I did get shot. I look around me and find my gun. It's right next to where I was laying. I must still be fighting. My team carried me out here and moved on ahead. It doesn't seem like them but now that i'm up I have to move and meet up with them. I see a set of footprints and follow them up a hill path. The trees give way and ruins begin to appear. As i venture further into the ruins i begin seeing bodies. Skeletons in armor and not modern day armor. leather breast plates, chain mail, swords, shields. They're all thrown about the ruins. The further I go into them the more modern the bodies become. muskets and uniforms. Several more meters up helmets and single action rifles. I look down at one of the corpses and it has a nazi insignia on it's shoulder. The Corpse looks hunched over a tree clutching a weapon. The MP-40. It's worn out with rust. He must've been here a long time. Things start getting more grim the further i go. bodies thrown all over the place. Vietcong and US soldiers thrown all over the place as if they met here and tried to kill each other. I walk past them quickly being mindful of the bodies. In the distance i can see an end with the path. I can see a throne. On the throne sits a man with glorious suit of armor. It has jewels and gold lining. The gauntlets are embedded with jewels and the sword is just as majestic. In the suit of armor is skeleton. from behind the throne a silhouette comes into view. It's him. The man i shot. I ready my rifle and aim it at him. I look at his face. He looks confused and i lower my weapon because.. well i'm just as confused as he is. I walk towards him cautiously and he when see's me he panics. he looks around and see's a rifle and picks it up. He instantly pulls on the trigger spraying in my direction. a couple of rounds bounce off the wall behind me. I run to cover as does he. We begin taking pop shots at each other. I aim at where he is and see him scouring the floor for weapons. I see him reach for a grenade but shoot at his arm making him jump back into his cover. I slowly move up towards him while i suppress his position with periodic burst from my rifle. When i get to him position he's not there. I scan the immediate area. I feel an impact on my head and i stumble on to the floor. I regain my composure and dart away from the area. I look at this guy and he's clutching on too a huge mace. I feel my helmet and it has a big dent on it. Better to keep on a busted helmet than no helmet. I pull out my trusty combat blade and look at him in the eye. He does the same. at the moment we both know what emotion is taking hold of us. Fear. The fear of dying or the fear of being here some where unknown. We slowly approach each other and he swings the mace. I quick step backwards and tackle him to the floor. I grab my knife and swing it towards his ribs. He lowers his arm in attempt to block. I jab the knife into his bicep. He places his foot on my chest and kicks me off of him. He grabs the knife that was lodge in his arm and charges at me. I lean forward and look to my left. It's the throne. It's as if the skeleton in the suit of armor is alive. Looking at me with an endless void where the eye socket lies. I grab the elegant sword and remove it from the scabbard. Before he can stop thrust it right into his chest. His momentum carries his body deeper into the blade. He coughs up blood and gasp for air. I let him fall to the ground and watch him take his last breath. The blank stare on my face represents exactly what i feel. Nothing. I look at the throne and grab the suit of armor. I throw on to the ground with the bones. I take a seat and relax. I take a deep breath in. The hall of slain. For the slain, by the slain. I only mutter one word as i look on from my throne. 

"Valhalla''.