An endless white void, both expansive and smothering. Two disembodied voices emerge.

“Hello?”

“Hello.”

“Who are you?”

“I am Death. 

“I’m dead?”

“You cannot outsmart me any longer.”

“Any longer?”

“You have bested me many times your whole life. That life is now over. I have finally won. As I always do.”

“How many times did I win?”

“Countless. Each time you almost died, another version of you died. I always need a soul.”

“How many times, Death? How many times did I kill another me by not dying?”

“5,483.”

“How did I escape you so many times?”

“You are good, and honest, and guided by an inner light that you actually listen to.”

“Really?”

“No. You are just really lucky.”

“Can you give me some examples of when I could have died?”

“Remember when you flew that small plane in Africa?”

“Of course. I was in control, the pilot took his hands off the other handle.”

“Had you ignored the pilot’s instructions, the plane would have crashed.”

“But I would have never ignored the pilot’s instructions.”

“In many timelines, you did. These timelines were invisible to you, until now. Do you see them?”

“I see them. I see them all. My entire life. What I thought was a straight trajectory is a crooked path along a spiderweb.”

“Are you ready for the truth?”

“What truth?”

“You survived this long only because you could have died. Many versions of you died along the way to allow you to survive. You are only the product of endless trial and error across universes. You are the luckiest version of yourself to have lived.”

“But why me?”

“If you’re asking why you didn’t die in that car crash that killed your friend, or why your fire alarms were all false alarms, the answer is that it was nothing that you did. The one living in the luckiest timeline is no more deserving of their long life than a baby dying of SIDS is deserving of their short one.”

“It’s all random.”

“It’s all random.”

“Where do I go from here?”

“You can choose one of two places. One is a heaven, and one is a hell. I can’t tell you which is which. Are you ready?”

“You may choose to live your luckiest life again, memories intact, but experiencing every death you escaped.”

“Or?”

“You will have your memories erased and you will live some version of a new life. Unlucky, or lucky, impossible to say.”

“Both sound like hell to me.”

“After you’ve already lived your luckiest life, everything sounds like hell.”

“I suppose.”

“You have an eternity to choose. Good luck.” 

And with a soundless burst, Death disappears.
