A broad, almost other-worldly smile breaks across a weathered face. Within moments of the announcements of doom, the sounds of mass hysteria begin to fill the streets in droves. People begin to flee with only the barest of essentials while others take the television announcement to heart and neighborhoods look frozen in time. Two announcements totaling only 90 seconds and here we are.

"What is the next move?" A darkened room holds only two people, but those people are in a much different state than all the others in the country. A chuckle emits from the man in a large chair behind a large, elaborate desk. The man asking the question looks visibly shocked, shaking uncontrollably in his seat.

"What is the next move? You're the expert here! What's next is simple, Rob; we let them all believe what we want them to. I told you yesterday that people are like putty, they move only when you give them the form to do so. So today, their form is fight or flight. Today we see who is worth their weight in gold."

The response was what Rob expected but the words were still harsh and cold. He'd spent his entire life working towards being the best he could be and he achieved that. However, the man that gave him his biggest moment was no going on a wild, megalomaniac trip just to see how everyone will deal with it. 

"In all due respect sir, I don't see why this is the best action. Sure, this country has some really bad things going on inside it but I believe our people are GOOD people that just want a good life. This is going to cause wild murders and neglect all due to som-"

A phone call broke his statement and his boss immediately answered and held up his hand in response. 

"What's going on?....yes....you have to be fuckin' kiddin' me....no he's sitting right here and I'll let him know...."

The phone is slowly put back on it's pedestal as a white hue appears in the big shot's face. Rob knows this is bad news and as he always had, he braces himself for the worst.

"Well Rob apparently this isn't a game anymore. We have intercontinental ballistics heading towards us here in DC as well as two that are coming that have unknown destinations. I need you to get with the Pentagon and we absolutely need stealth in the air!"

Rob jumps to his feet and rushes out the door into the hall where several of the President's aids are in widespread panic. As he hits the front door and opens it, he is greeted with an image only known to those close to the Manhattan Project or the sad victims in Japan. He doesn't have time to react because in seconds he is no longer.