His name was Bortimus Bucket. Short fellow, glasses, and wispy strands of hair that played and danced in the currents of static. 
And now very dead. Strapped to a bench and killed by us. The circle of seven. 


To the circle, the man was a hero. 
Humanities saviour. Willingly died to save us all.


Like Jesus, but real. 


"Are you hearing me?" Asked Bort's Digitised voice. 
There was a round of amazed silence as the remaining six of us in the circle processed what just happened. The first human copied into cyberspace.  


"Y..Yes Bort, we hear you," Stammered Hilda, nearly knocking her tea everywhere. "How... do you feel?"


"I... don't." He said softly. "It's nice" His face pops up on the screen. It looks sharper. 
He was always so nervous in human form. Bortimus had not had a good life. Evident in how fast he had volunteered to die. 


"Okay Bort..." I began. 


"He's dead. Please, call me Sam" 


"No problem Sam," I say, rolling with it. "Begin the operation" 
Sam disappears into cyberspace. 


And with those few words, my plan begins. Six people and a new form of life. 


Wordlessly the folk from the table stand and leave in silence. Academics. probably going home to study some more. 


"You okay Jack?" I hear Susan ask. She has lost even more weight, her coat hangs off her like a tarp. Her glasses perch on her gaunt face, hair unwashed and lank. The girl is smart, hell all the folks are here.

"Fine and dandy Suzie Q," I respond. Actually, i'm better than that. I'm barely containing the fits of elation that run through me. 
How about we hit up a couple of drinks, and i take you dancing? Its taken five years to get to this point. We need to celebrate."

"I can't dance, Jack" 

"The type of dancing i have in mind comes very naturally, Sue" 

"Uhhh..." She blushes and stammers. 


"No pressure, send me a text," I say, letting her off the hook with a shrug. 



A week passes. It's just amazing how little of anything is being said. 
The upper echelons of society have been supplied irrefutable evidence that in just five short years, the sun will explode. And there's not a whisper.
The world spins along.


I wish I could say I didn't know how this was going to go. But i do. I specialise in people, and people are so predictable.


Six months go by. And the announcement of a new global initiative is dropped, much to the cheers and accolades of the world. 
Another two go by and the fusion reactor is invented. 


"Almost like there is massive resources being pooled into projects now." I say. Sue's asleep on my chest. She doesn't stir. 


Sams face appears on my wristwatch. I press answer. 
"Hey Sammy, how's it going?" 


"Unsure - but the project continues along." His voice possesses no rise and fall of intonation anymore. "They're just about to perfect Nanowoven silica." 


"And you've been helping them along?"


"Yes, its not a difficult thing. Oh, and Jack. I will need you to end my program when this is done. Immortality does not appeal to me."


I had been expecting this. Being human is a part of it all, only so long a man can be just a mind. "Already on it, old son, Got sue to whip me up a killcode in case you went ballistic"
You can say these kinds of things to A.I. They're practical folk. 


"That will suffice." Sam said and disappeared. 


They took four years to complete. Most of which was inventing and perfecting the preceding tech to make them. 
Amazing what the human race can accomplish when they work together. You could see the ships hovering in the sky from the ground. They must have been massive up close. Huge Biospheres, fabricated in mere months by the Auto-builders. 


The media spin it off as "An ambitious project that would enter humanity to an new era of peace and prosperity." 


A little over a million of us, to navigate the stars and maybe even find humanities next earth. 


"Yeah, but which Million?" I asked the T.V 


"It will be soon, wont it?" Sue asked, holding little Bortimus in her arms. Who smiled at me, and held her arms out for me to come hug her. 


This is what it was all about. I felt their warmth. 
"Tomorrow is the day. They think the sun will explode in two weeks, and they'll want to be out of the solarsystem by then. But first, They'll draw the lottery, after all the powerful and rich have their seats. Sam's going to ensure that the remaining seats are filled with folk that, are on the whole, not nice people" 

"Arseholes? You're removing the arseholes from the world?"

"Only the genuine Arseholes"  

"And how can we tell that?"

"Algorythms! my sweet" I grab little Bort, Squeeze her and place her down to toddle off somewhere. "We shall dance tonight, Sue."


She smiles. She loves to dance. 


The final shuttles are loaded and to a massive cheer that is heard across the world, The massive ships blink out of sight. Sound engulfs the earth, then vanishes into silence.


The folk travel into the stars. The worst that humanity has to offer. Sue doesn't know that the ships will head straight into the sun. Nobody but me and Sam know that. 


Ironic really. 


There's a song and dance about it all. Its amazing how many high level jobs are going. Celebrities vanish, whole government buildings left empty. People mill about, the world spins on.


Not an evangelist let on the earth. 


Six months have gone by. An A.I system has been put in place, as an interim while the new government is sorted out. 
People work about fifteen hours a week now, Because things are so much cheaper when nobody needs to profit, and everything is automated. 


Besides, nobody seems in a rush to put people back in charge, and the AI is in charge of resources. It all seems rather... fair. 


A year later, Art and culture flourishes. the wealth is redistributed. the roads give way to paths, the electricity towers are gone. The air is fresher.  Nobody owes anything to anyone. People will refer to this time as "When humans found themselves."


I find myself in a quiet, abandoned meeting point. Where a good man died, for us all. 
His face pops on the screen. 


"How you doin, Sam?"


"I'm Ready Jack"  


"You were a good man, Bort. Sleep well" 


I return to my family waiting outside. "It's done" I say softly. 

"What do we do now?" Asks sue.


"Whatever we feel like, Sue, That's the kind of world we just created." 

