"Here try this suit, big guy. It would look great on you," said Pride one of my 8 demons. Yes, I live in a house with 8 demons... who are trying to help my depressed ass conquer the world. Ha! Ha! Ha! 

It really is a riot, I'm sure. I've somehow drifted into an anime weird as hell but uplifting at the same time. It's good to hear a friends laugh again. It's been a while. Depression takes much from you but it does leave you with perspective an appreciation for how wonderful the world is, a gratefulness for those who fill your life with their light. 


"I'm sure it would. Thanks for all the help, Pride. You have such an eye for these things," I say as merrily as I can. I try to keep the weariness out of my voice. I yawn.


"Sleepy?" winks Lust. "Carol tired you out."


"Nothing happened," I grinned back. 


"No thing happenings. Things are sad, then."

That made me grin. 


"Change, now. Stop distracting him, Lust! groaned Pride. Lust threw a summoned banana at him boinking his nose. Pride howled. Those two always fought. Despite this they were my favorites. They had a lust for living, such a pride in living I wish I could scoop up in both arms. 


"Okay, okay," I said, grabbed the suit and scooted up the stairs. The Sins worked so hard to make me feel less sad. "Thank you," I whispered soft as a flower drawing together it' petals for the night.


I reach my room, on the first floor. Well it wasn't really my room. I've been house-sitting the padt three months. I thought a change of scenery would help with the tiredness. It hadn't but I had met the Sins. Friends were always worthwhile. If you can, appreciate them more.


I open  the door, shut it and then collapsed on the bed exhausted.


"Tonight?" asked Acceptance.


"Tonight," I answer back.


It's just too bad that sadness isn't my problem. Life's beautiful but it wearies me. I can see it's happiness, it's worth, it's joy. I just can't touch it. I trudge through the days.


"I will explain it to them."


Silence fills the room. I wait a second in its stillness, thinking. I have one last favor to ask.


"I don't want them to be sad for me, or to love or live life any less. Life's beautiful. If it's beauty can touch you, embrace it."


She nods and I close my eyes in relief, then put on a great, big smile, and the suit and go out again.