As I laid down to go to sleep, I couldn't help but thank God. I can't believe how lucky I am. I have a beautiful, loving wife an amazing, smart, kind son and quite the lucky streak lately. It's like anything I ask for comes to me. Tomorrow's the big day when I find out about the big promotion and I know i'm going to get it. Look out corporate ladder here comes Jim Mosbey.

I told myself I needed to get a good night's sleep before the big decision tomorrow. So of course I am up at 3:00 am searching Reddit. I'm not big on reading the writing prompts, but this looks like it will be a good one. What a crazy idea being in a coma that long only to wake up so many years later. As I start reading the comments my eyes start to blur.

Something's seriously wrong I can't even see my wife's face. I've been diagnosed with sleep paralysis maybe it's all a dream. I keep telling myself to wake up. Wake up. Wake up!!!!

All of a sudden I fall deeper into my dream and the room, my wife, reality fades away. The paralysis remains. I can't move. I can't speak. I hear foreign noises... Like some kind of beeping. The sounds and pictures start to connect. It's a heart monitor showing high blood pressure an escalating heart rate, and showing signs that an alarms going off.

I can see my hands they're old. Too old. This isn't me. This isn't me! As I try to move someone enters the room. It's a nurse, she looks like she's seen a ghost. My eyes roll back as I convulse, the nurse rushes towards me and grabs a syringe. She gives me a shot in the Iv bag and i begin to doze off again.

As I sleep i dream of my 8th birthday and how my parents didn't even remember. At least I know my neighbors the Mosbeys will have a good present for me, they always do. As I see their smiling faces holding a gift for me I tell Jim, I wish I could be in his family. But he's gone black. It's all gone black. I hear people's voices fading in.

As I start to open my eyes I see dozens of people surrounding me including the nurse. I've seen her a million times before but never dressed like this. She's my confidant at work, quite the gossip queen. I'm so confused. My hands. My God my hands. They're so old. Who am I? Where am I? When am I? The pain is searing, this is real. How is this real. As my mind races the Dr. Interjects.

"Hello Kimberly. Take your time adjusting we have a lot to discuss."