At first, Jerry had been confused when he saw his vision begin to slowly haze. It was like there were two pictures on top of each other. Then slowly the picture behind began to grow stronger and the one in front began to fade. Like seeing something become clear through a fog, only the fog wasn’t fog it was reality. Though at the same time, he heard the noise from his video games begin to fade and was replaced by chanting. The last sounds he heard from his old world was Jim crying out after a loud crack.

He felt sleepy, and really didn’t want to move at all. Some weird old dudes were chanting, dressed in robes, and whoa was this weird. Man, he felt odd, slow even. The chanting stopped and Jerry realized he was kneeling upon a stone floor. He rubbed his hands across the floor and the stone rubbed off as if it was just talc. 

His mind started to lose its befuddlement. He closed his hand into a fist not realizing how he easily crushed the floor between his fingers. He was strong, no he was what the strong aspired to be, he was superior. He leaned his head to the side trying to get a better look, the men were clearly monks, but something was off. They seemed to be in slow motion.

He slowly stood and cautiously got close to them. It took them 2 seconds too long to react, and when they did it was with startled fear. Jerry thought it was kinda of funny how faces move in slow motion from a concentrantrated one. To one that just says, "huh?" Then they were panicking in slow motion, and the fear was clear across their faces. One of them started to move their hands in a grand gesture and the light from his candle began to grow bigger. Jerry thought it kind of looked like a ball.

He casually stepped closer to it, and it got bigger and Jerry realized that it was for sure a ball, and it was moving towards him now. He then hopped to the side and looked at the dude that had cast it at him. His look clearly said what he whispered, “What the hell man?” Why he whispered, he didn't know, that weird monk held a book. He thought maybe they were in a library.

He came back to the present and gave the man his full attention and while reading his lips and somehow picking out his voice amongst of the loudest sounds he had ever heard in his life. “Oh Heavens no, it is a demon. We must end it now!” His fireball had fully engulfed the poor soul behind him, Jerry could barely stand how the stench of the man’s bubbling skin enveloped his nostrils. It was a wonderfully grotesque experience, Jerry realized he hadn’t ever smelled something as deeply as this. 

Now that he thought about it, colors were more vivid, sharper. He focused his eyes on the man’s eyes. He could see so well that he could make eye contact with his own eyes in the man’s eye’s reflection. HD TV’s no longer meant shit to him. He felt a new force, it was time. He let it flow through his fingers, and with just a slight wave of his hand he slowed it to almost what was almost a stop for him before the shouting started to sound normal and coherent to him.

“Wait,” he shouted and the noise was deafening to him. It had clearly been deafening to the monks too, for all of them recoiled and covered their ears. The flames on the burning man, died down and two others were able to put him out. His skin was blackened and charred, Jerry knew he was dead, he couldn’t hear his heartbeat anymore. These other guys though, they were putting on the meanest drum solo he had ever heard.

Then Jerry realized there was one monk, no a sorcerer standing just fine and unaffected behind what was clearly a barrier spell. She was by far the most devilishly divine woman he had ever laid eyes upon. She was the one clutching the book, no tome, ever so gently. it had clearly been a source of her knowledge. She had plans for him, of that he was certain. He saw those plans clear in her mind, and smiled.

He strode up to her, reached out and grasped her barrier in his hands and summoned it to focus within his fist. “You’ll need this no longer love, we’re going to have to trust each other.” He then tossed the magic above and expanded it to include them all. The power was quickly going to his head, what kind of cocky douche would say that? One that held all the power in the world, and did he? Maybe.

He blinked and the monks were healed. He knew they all believed where they lived was earth and where he lived was Hell. This kinda made sense to him, I mean in a way his life really was Hell at times. He had felt so lonely, so out of place. Never loved, only wanted for his talents, not just for him. He had really felt like he had never belonged there. 

Then he felt their pain, their sorrows, their lives. He didn’t walk a mile in their shoes, he lived all their lives simultaneously and in an instant. He knew exactly how to manipulate all of them, but what was the cost of all this power? And then he knew as the men withered and died in front of him. He had drained their life force, their souls. What remained faded into their afterlife. Two went back to what he called home. 

He reached out to them and said, “Okay if that really is Hell, if you’re born into America. Life really isn’t so bad, can’t really say much about the rest of the world. For us at least man you can do pretty much anything if you focus. Honestly at times I had the whole world at my fingertips but I can’t remember ever being happier than swinging as high as I could on a warm summer day on the big kid swings.”

That’s when he figured out the meaning to life. That was it, doing something you didn’t think you could do. He snapped back to his new reality. The reasons those men were going to hell were good ones. He relived the darkness of their deeds, of how they enjoyed them. How they knew what they were doing was wrong, but had chosen to do it anyways. All for foolish reasons, greed, envy, power, jealously.

Mortals, were such ugly creatures. Whoa . . . . bad path, but maybe kinda a good one. I mean he did have the power to cleanse them. He could shepherd them into a new age . . . . The sorcerer looked him over in admiration. He realized his thinking was wrong, she was a sorceress. 

Then before he overloaded himself with all the new knowledge, he turned it off. He stopped absorbing. He put a hand to his head to quite the pain inside. He reached out to the monks going to Hell to remind them of one last thing. Hey 1 year apart from each other you’re going to randomly get in touch with my friend Jim. He was playing xbox with me when I disappeared in a cloud of smoke. Or at least that’s how he experienced it.”

A smile stretched across his face as he continued. “Tell him demon’s have immense power on earth and I am thinking about reshaping it into a utopia, because holy shit I experience things so fucking vividly right now it’s single handedly the most amazing thing to ever happen to me as well as the worst. Oh dear God it can be so bad. I’m not sure if things are going to turn out the way I would hope they would.”

The smile had began to fade as he continued, “I kinda think just sitting out of everything is the best way to go, the power man, it’s wild. I just drained some dudes of their lives by accident. I’m pretty sure that gave me a huge boost in my powers. I’m so damn smart now man, I can like, live other people's lives in an instant. At least that’s the best way I know how to describe it to you. Do you really think that’s healthy man? I’m all kinds of twisted up right now man, trying to grasp all this. It’s wild.”

“Anyways, I know how to summon you, but I am pretty sure it’s a really bad idea. It requires a lot of not so great things to happen and I don’t think I want this on your consciousness.” Then the smile vanished completely as he realized all he could actually do at this point to save his friend from all of this and to lend as much comfort as possible was to leave him be. “Never mind monks, forget all that.” He hoped his friend would be smart enough to never tell a soul. He was thankful that his phone had been watered damaged a week ago in a flood. If everyone stayed quiet, no one would be blamed.

He had meant well, but at his command they had forgotten everything he had just said, including the words of wisdom before it. He snapped back to his new reality. He looked at the sorcerer, who was the girl. “So you’re a sorceress not a sorcerer.”

She cocked her oh so perfect head to the side, “No, Hell knows about us, but some things you get wrong. You have embellished tales in the wrong ways as you have gone about your torments. I am a sorcerer, those who can not perform magic are sorcerer-less. Shortened by the ignorant to sorceress. Which as you always do in Hell push it off on the females to be called something from less. The males rule Hell, the women rule Heaven, but we share Earth!” She had fire, he liked that, but what had made her that way. He called for her memories, only they never came.

A wicked grin appeared across his face, and a glint could have blinked in his eye. He wanted what he couldn’t have, shouldn’t have. Whoa, he thought as he shook his head. Tried to banish the final one. The one he had dodged around. The one that told him how easily he could take it, the memories of her life, her secrets, her very being. He could violate her in the most personal way possible and her not even be aware. Or . . . . or at least so he thought. I mean he could always test the waters. Anyways . . . . who could stop him? 

No . . . they had to trust. At least for now, besides . . . he could always just take the information if he felt like he needed to. Then that way it's not bad, it's in self defense. . . . right?