"The cameras don't lie" Jandas said, staring at the monitor. I choked down a grimace. "Who are these people? Where are they from? What are they-" Jandas stopped me with a swipe of his hand. I had so many questions, but he couldn't answer all of them at once. "Humans." he hissed under his breath. Humans were the closest race to our species- they were a disgrace. "The planet they happen to inhabit is what they call 'Earth'" I remember my training from school and under my breath mutter, "Planet B-60; Inhabited by Humans; Known As Earth; One Moon; Milky Way Galaxy". Jandas nodded in agreement. "Now to answer my final questi-" again, he cut me off. "I don't know what they are doing Saia. I just don't know." Suddenly, the room's lights all turn red and the intercom starts blaring something about the Humans. I couldn't hear the muffled voices of the intercom, but was nearly sure it was calling me, *me-* Saia Mentor down to the main office for further inspection. Colonel Kqu is waiting for me by the door, glancing over the clipboard in hand. "Saia Mentor, Otherworldly Investigator, Background Knowledge in the Department of Film as well as Art School. 1-2 Grades. Perfect Score on the A.S.E.T" he glances back up at me. "Sound about right?" he asks, right before I quickly nod. Jandas- a few paces behind me- motions that he is going to stand back. "The Humans. Now." He practically fell into his chair, making a loud thump. He propped his feet on his desk, slid over a small file and looked up at the ceiling, saying nothing else. So, carefully, I reach over and grab the file. It reads: **Planet B-60 is inhabited by the Humans, our closest relative, who call it 'Earth'. Earth has one moon and is in the Milky Way Galaxy. This is the only known case of humans in the Universe. Earth has been monitored for four years and shows signs of decay. Bad weather, disease, predators, religion, greed and prejudice have all been monitored here. MISSION: M1 P-B-60, go to Earth and film a documentary without attention being drawn to oneself. Will be provided with: Escape pod, emergency button, two cameras, 3 person film crew. Agent assigned: Saia Mentor: Previous assignments: Completed with no record of mistake.** I take my pen and press it against the paper immediately. "Where do I sign?" I say with a sly grin.