CNBC reporting from Capital Hill. Parliamentary Deadlock, day 15.

It was over two weeks ago now when what started as a hearing over the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, spiraled into a partisan filibuster lead by Senator Chuck Schumer (D, NY) after a character sheets for the popular role playing game Dungeons and Dragons was included within the information packets distributed to the assembly. 

Senators Al Franken (D, MN), Elizabeth Warren (D, MA) , and Bernie Sanders (I, VT) apparently aware of Sen. Schumers actions had already created characters. In his twenty minute hearing, Schumer acted as the narrator (or Dungeon Master), of an adventure of the three characters created by Senators Franken, Warren and Sanders. He then appealed to extend the hearing. The motion passed 51 - 49 and Senators John McCain (R, AZ), Rand Paul (R, KY) and Lindsey Graham (R, SC) turned in character sheets. It was noted by Sen. Schumer that Sen. Graham had used Charisma as his dump stat.

Sen. Graham responded, "I tell it like it is Senator Schumer."

Within the hour the Senators had defeated a band of thieves in the city of Waterdeep, however their was contention on what was to be done with the several hundred gold pieces that was acquired from them.

"Their was no doubt in my mind. The money should go back to the poor. They were the victims. They need it the most," Senator Sanders said of the conflict.

Senator Rand Paul's character, Thukdim-Omar, a half-orc barbarian said, "This money should go to the local businesses so that they can afford to higher these poor people and stimulate the economy."

It was noted that Sen. Paul was mixing player knowledge with character knowledge. However Thukdim-Omar did have an uncharacteristically high Intelligence stat thanks in part to a good 3d6 roll, and not knowing the conventional method of creating a barbarian. He raged for all he could (one round) and a schism formed between the Republican and Democrat Senators.

A motion was made by Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (KY) to end the filibuster and failed 45 - 55. Three more Senators turned in character sheets after the motion failed. 

Now more than sixty Senators are now locked in a fantasy life and death struggle to control the ruling counsel of Waterdeep. The battle lines are not so distinctly cut as the Senate parties, with both sides housing both Democrats and Republicans. When Sen. Ron Johnson (R, WI) why his Dark Elf Ranger is on the same side as Sen. Bernie Sander's Warlock, he responded, "Mrizzt is a deep and complex character. He's Drow but has pushed away from his heritage and so he fights directly for the poor and feeble. He follows his heart and wants a direct method to help the down trodden."

The assembly's actions have sparked a raging debate among citizens of the country. 

Jenny Calloway, a 34 year old factory worker who was at the Women's March protests on the day after Donald Trumps inauguration, had this to say, "It's fucked up. It really is. We all just have to sit back and watch this? I mean, Cory Bookers character just flat out backstabbed Dan Sullivan's. Even AFTER Sullivans character (a Half-Elf Druid, female) gave him a bag of holding. Who does that! I hope her resurrection is successful"

Political character assassination has become a contentious issue which has brought about several new laws to be passed to the House of Representatives. The most prominent being the Azathoth Mandate which stipulates that no action of malicious intent may be rolled without first reporting to the DM what the roll is for.

Today the assembly broached new ground when the topic of shifting from the Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 rule set to the Pathfinder system was introduced. The motion is expected to pass before the day is up.

President Donald Trump had this to tweet on the matter:

@POTUS 2h, "Until recently I wasn't that interested in the Senate or House. I had no idea it was so entertaining. I would of won the Presidency a long time ago if-"

@POTUS 2h, "-I had known that law making was this fun. I'm working on my own character. He's going to be great. He does everything,"

@POTUS 2h, "He's an Orc with big strong hands. He has all the classes. It's going to be terrific. Were going to make Waterdeep great again! #MWGA"