My left eye starts twitching, precursor to another anxiety attack. I rush to the corner and stumble, falling on to my knees and facing the wall. I try to breathe slowly, but it's no use. A wave of numbness flows through my body like frozen television static and I start hyperventilating unintentionally, my heart rate increasing because of the spike in adrenaline. Every single muscle in my body is clenched as my mind races, through every conceivable way I could die or hurt myself right now, how my heart rate seems faster than it should be which just makes the attack worse. 

Tears swell in my eyes and I feel helpless. I smack my arms, legs, face, trying to snap myself out of this ludicrous prison. It doesn't work, it never works, and so I think back to my past and the choice I made, hoping for it to be a distraction.

I'm 23 years old, and I'm on a break from university. I've decided to backpack across as many countries as possible, I'm currently in Egypt. In a small café in Cairo, I overhear talk of a traditional bazaar, and I'm drawn to it immediately. There, I find a merchant's stall, he's selling odds and ends, little trinkets and possible antiques. I find a beautiful hand-shaped copper lamp and pay him for it, and all he says to me is, "It's tricky, be wary of your choice", and is mute no matter what else I ask him. 

I take the lamp to my hotel room and stare it, slightly concerned it had been stolen. I eventually come to terms that I'd already bought it, and there was no way I'd be able to find an owner even if it was stolen. It was a little dirty from the dusty streets, so I grabbed a washcloth from the bathroom and started to polish it. 

Immediately, a dark smoke billowed from the end of the lamp. Dark didn't do it justice, it was black as pitch, as midnight in the winter's long night. It sunk to the carpet of the hotel room, seemingly heavier than the air around it. There it pooled, bubbling, roiling, undulating on the floor in front of me. There it stayed until I slowly moved in front of it, and then the mass of black smoke shot up and formed a crude humanoid figure.

It growled and creaked, and when it spoke to me it was a deep whisper in my thoughts.

"What do you wish?"

I was petrified, too frightened to move, too terrified to think. I stuttered, saying the first thing that came to mind, "I...wish....I was...immortal?"

"IT WILL BE SO" the whisper screamed in my mind, and the figure burst into inky vapour yet again. It pulsed through the room, spinning, rotating faster and faster until my backpack and the sheets on the bed and the bed itself, everything not nailed down was being violently tossed around the room. A chair smashed into my chest, and the last thing I remember before fading out is the darkness flinging itself towards me and forced itself in me as I inhaled. 

I continued living my life happily after that night. I chalked it up to a nightmare, since there was no lamp in the room when I woke up the next day, and I was sleeping in a bedroom that had most certainly not been tossed around in a mini hurricane. That is, until 20 years later when I died in a plane crash.

My flight to Paris when I was 43 was when I died the first time. We hit some turbulence, somehow a wing ripped off in extremely high winds and we went into a spinning nosedive. When we hit the water, we were going so fast it was like hitting asphalt, and my body twisted and cracked and tore in ways I never knew possible. I was alive but in agony, and I bled out slowly. 

When the tunnel vision started, I welcomed it. I saw the ghostly apparitions of the other passengers heading towards the sky. Everything faded to black, and then....I was in a playpen, one that I didn't remember from my childhood, with parents that definitely weren't mine. I had been born again, shoved the soul out of this innocent child and replaced it with myself, and I remembered everything, including my violent death.

I never flew again. There had been certain advantages, I raced through school, but I was deathly afraid of flying. 

And that's how it continued. I died from a rare spider bite, cardiovascular disease, cancer, being crushed by a boulder, murdered for my wallet, the list goes on, and on, and on. I remember each one, but the most vivid memories are of my death, of the pain and the fear.

I've had many psychologists ask me, what could possibly be the downside of never actually dying, of coming back with more knowledge than you left? I ask you, what is this but a curse? To have wisdom but to be too frightened to use it?

Those psychologists have all spent hours, days,  and years studying me. They have aged, withered, and passed away, never to come back again and able to enjoy whatever it is comes after death, and I will never forgive them for it. 

My days are spent in anxiety, waiting for death to inevitably worm its way to me so it starts all over again, to gain another phobia, another vivid splash of anger, pain, and adrenaline. 

I stave off the panic attack, my breathing normalizes and my muscles ache. It's long enough to go to the bathroom, maybe eat half of a sandwich. I already feel another coming on, it won't be long before I'm lost again.

I think of the far future, when the Sun will burn out and life will cease to exist. I wonder if I will finally die, and I take solace knowing that it's a possibility. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

That got darker than expected, feel free to head over to /r/turnbasedtales if you'd like to read any more of my prompt-inspired writing. Most of it's much lighter than this one!