The clock was rounding midnight as I was reading another article and my husband, Andy, was playing a video game with his friends. I was taking a pause to think about what I was reading when I hear a rapping on our mail box. I looked at my husband and asked, "Did you hear that? Is someone trying to mess with our mail?" He shrugged and said he didn't hear anything. 

"Right and *I'm* the one going deaf, psh."

I get up and grab the Mag-Light from the bookshelf. You see, we don't live in a good neighbourhood, so I wouldn't doubt someone was would be trying to take our mail, trash, scope the place out for a future robbery, and I wanted to at least have something heavy and blinding to defend my self. 

I slowly turn the knob on the front door, trying to not make a sound just in case someone was there. I open the door a crack and see no one. I look to the the right, toward mail box, and see a rather large grasshopper. It had to be about five or six inches long. It was crawling around as I was looking in awe when a blur jumped right into my field of view making the mail box rattle like I heard before. I look down and see a scrawny calico cat. I gasp and let out in barely a whisper, "Oh my god a kitty!"

I open the screen door and slowly walk out on to the front porch. I kneel near the cat and sit there for a bit, observing her. She lets out the most alley cat meow I had ever heard. It was weak, but strong. A rasp, but not a cry. I stick out my hand in hopes that she'd come near. She took a few steps back before coming head first into my palm. I sat on the ground with her as she circled me begging for more pets. She was emaciated, with her hip bones and spine showing clearly through her skin. Her face a gaunt making her eyes look even bigger than they were. Her skin was tight and fur was surprisingly clean, for an alley cat. 

As she was getting scritches from me she broke her gaze and looked toward the giant grasshopper, but he had made his escape. She was hunting it before I had interrupted. I knew I had to feed her because it was my fault she didn't get to eat. I wracked my brain thinking if I had something to feed a cat that wouldn't make her sick. All I could think of was the dog food for my pups. I figured it would have to do for the time being. 

I picked her up while talking to her softly, telling her it was okay. I held her for a minute, but I could tell it was uncomfortable for her. She was so skinny she couldn't find the right way to be held. I decided to hold onto her the best I could and try to make it through my house. She became more fidgety as I came closer to the door. She was so unsure of what was beyond, as she'd never been in a house. My dogs were going absolutely wild as soon as they saw her. One was wagging her tail and barking in excitement to see a new potential friend. Another was barking at the stranger in my arms because she's intruding. The other was angry barking because he is a brat. 

I ran to our room, as the kitty hissed at the mess of dogs going round my feet. I quickly shut our bedroom door to keep the dogs from causing more stress. I held the cat close to my chest hoping to soothe her as I called for my husband to take his attention away from his game for a second. 

"Andy...."

"Maaaaawwwwo," she meowed.  

"Yeah? Wait, what?!" He exclaimed as he did a double take. 

"She made that noise outside, and she's really hungry, can I give her some dog food?"

"Uhhh, sure. You know what happens though."

"Yeah but I feel bad because I accidentally chased off her meal tonight, and she's just skin and bones."

"Okay," he said as he got up to take a closer look. "She's a real cutie huh?"

"Yeah, okay I'm gonna put the dogs in here while she eats, so they don't bother her." I said as I opened the door. 

The dogs went into the room with no problem as their new friend/intruder/attention grabber was in there, and I was able to quickly close the door on them as the cat gave one last hiss. 

I grabbed a handful of dog food and set her down on the floor of the kitchen she sniffed it and looked at me. I held some in my hand and held it up to her. She sniffed it some more and gingerly picked up one piece. While she was busy with that I grabbed a bowl and filled it with water. I came back to see her eating like it was the first time she ever ate. I put the bowl down and she started lapping it up immediately. I grabbed one more handful of dog food for her, not wanting her to get sick, and put it into a bowl. When she was done with the food on the ground she walked to the door and meowed. She was still unsure of being inside a house. 

I picked up the food and water and opened the door to let her out. I made sure she watched where I left the food so that she knew she would always have some sort of meal and clean water. 

I didn't see her for a few days but the food and water were always gone every morning. I was hoping she was the one eating and drinking it, but it could have been raccoons too. One day I went out into the backyards and there she was on my trash bins. She meowed excitedly and shoved her head into my hands. I got the food and water dishes from the front and set her up in the backyard. She seemed to have set her self up in an old wooden crate I had forgotten about. Andy was happy to see her again, and came out to give her some love too. 

I looked everywhere to see if someone was missing a calico cat, she seemed too well behaved to be an alley cat, but at the same time showed signs of never being around humans much. I came up empty handed in my search. Andy told me that if she wants to stick around that we'd have to buy some cat food. I agreed and we went and bought her some food and her own dishes. 

It took her a few months to come into our house on her own. The first night she slept in our room looked like it was the first night she was truly comfortable, and felt safe. She slept like pretzel with her belly facing out. It was a true sign of trust. 

She quickly became used to the dogs even when they would get in her bubble. The friendly dog has come to befriend her, the guard dog has come to accept her, and the bratty dog has come to ignore her. 

She has since been one of the best things to happen in our lives. She had one litter of kits before we could get he fixed, and we kept two of the four. All three of them are some of the smartest, sweetest, most loving cats I have come across. But then again, you could say I'm biased. 