Only the best of the best got to do internal transfers from Google to Verily.  I was one of the lucky ones.  I'd done an undergrad in Biological Chemistry before getting my Ph.D. in CS.  Until now, the Bio had only helped me when crafting some evolution algorithms for ad bidding services, but I'd always wanted to find a way to better combine the two degrees.

My new project involved the MyCry, the ad-supported cryo-pod for everyone.  Designed to pay for itself by injecting ads into your dreams, it was probably at least a decade away from full production.  The problem had always been thawing people, and the truly top Verily people were attacking that topic.  My job was to create the monitoring heuristics.  I loved it.  Figuring out how to keep a system securely running for decades was something that actually challenged me.

As part of the Alphabet push for sustainability, our lab was entirely geothermal powered.  Being right by the Cascadia Subduction Zone, we had plenty of geothermal energy to work with.  Every time I walked through lobby of our building on my way down to the lab in the sub-basement, I passed all kinds of cool readouts showing temperature gradients, seismic activity, peak power generated, and so on.  Like all the Alphabet toys, it just became background noise pretty quickly.

Technically, none of us really needed the pod near our desks.  We always used simulations because we could run so many in parallel, but some manager had thought it might motivate us to have one there, so it sat, quietly humming in the corner of the room next to the drinks and snacks.

--

I always booked my massages for after dinner on Thursday.  If I'd looked up when returning to the building to pick up my stuff, I'd have seen something was definitely up on the seismic measurements, but I didn't.  That's why the shaking caught me completely off-guard.

Having spent a lot of time in California, I wasn't scared of earthquakes, and in general I knew what to do, but this one was different.  Previous earthquakes had seemed like big heavy trucks rumbling by outside.  With this one, the ground felt like it was made of Jello.  I knew diving under my desk wasn't going to cut it, so I looked around frantically for something more stable.

I don't know if diving into the pod was the smartest thing I ever did, or the biggest mistake I made, but it's what I did to save myself from the quake.

--

I don't know if it was the wetness in my mouth I noticed first or the bright light, but eventually I realized I was once again conscious.  My thoughts were extremely sluggish.  Was I late for class?  No, I'd graduated years ago.  Where did I go to sleep last night, and why didn't this feel like my room?  Suddenly, it started to come to me.

I started blinking and looking around.  I'd been frozen, but I was coming around.  That means the guys in Lab 4 had figured out how to thaw me out!  I couldn't wait to thank them.  I spit out the tube in my mouth and started to sit up.

As I moved, my eyes started to work.  Something was completely off.  This wasn't the Verily building, and... were these *kids* running around jabbering at each-other and at me?

"Who... " I croaked, my throat was starting to work again.  "Who are you?"  I started to sit up.

"Caution!  You're hypoglycemic due to the metabolic perturbations resulting from your cryo-torpidity," one of the children said in a shrill voice.

I looked closer at the source of the voice.  It wasn't actually a child, although it strongly reminded me of one.  In fact, what it most looked like was a poor kid I'd known with leukemia, sickly, pale, no hair, bad skin...  The give-away was the face.  While the frame was that of a child, the face was old and sagging.  It was a disturbing mix.

"What?" was my brilliant response to the little person's statement.

"Your... ah... blood sugar levels are low because... you were just thawed," this time the little man spoke more slowly and carefully.  "Be careful you don't um... get dizzy."

I noticed some of the other creatures in the room trying to hide giggles.

"... pineal and pituitary are exhibiting a ... treat with CN70 ..." I could hear a couple of the little creatures discussing something off to the side.

"Excuse me," I said.  "What's up?"

"We ah... were discussing your endocrine system," explained one of the two.  "How do you feel?"

"Not bad, given the situation," I decided.  "Although, I could definitely go for a beer."

This time, it was more than giggles, a few of the little creatures let out squeaky laughs.  I could hear little snatches of conversation things like "morbidity of neurons" and "actual poison".  But, the little man who seemed to be in charge gave the rest of the room a stern look and they quieted down.

"Yes well, perhaps later," he told me.  "My colleague Sar would very much like to do a quick medical examination.  Would that be acceptable to you?"

"One question first," I replied.  "Where am I?"

--

I don't remember how I got from the pod to the examination table.  I must have walked, but my mind was still reeling from learning just what had happened to me.  Everyone I knew was dead.  I hadn't been rescued, I'd been discovered in what was essentially an archaeological dig.  The names "California" and "United States" were still known, but they were clearly words that weren't used often.  The people who'd been there to see me wake up weren't some poor group of misfits, they were simply... people.

I was brought out of my reverie by a pair of hands on my skin.  The doctor and her machines had been doing an examination for several minutes, and until then it had seemed like the typical cold, clinical physical I'd been used to, just with much more advanced technology.  This touch was different.

The doctor had her hands on my chest, running them through my patch of chest hair in what was clearly a state of fascination rather than part of some medical examination.

"Excuse me doctor, what are you doing?"  I asked.

"Forgive me!"  The doctor snatched her hands back, realizing what she'd been doing.  "Of course I'd heard that in your era human males were hirsute, however I'd always calculated it would be...  No, that path of inquiry is unproductive."

A lot of time had passed, and humanity looked very different, but I could still spot a blush on a woman.  I decided to say nothing.

"My colleagues would like to see you in the ah... physiotherapy and recovery room.  Please exit the door then turn right, go 47 metres, take the left hall, 13 metres to the junction, take the third left, 13 metres, turn right and then in 6 metres you'll see the room on the left."

"Sorry, could you write that down?"  I asked, trying to remember if it was a left then a right or a right then a left.

"Ah, well..." the doctor looked around and spotted something that looked like a plastic lollipop.  She tapped a button on it I couldn't see, whispered something into it, and handed it to me.

"Do what it says," she said to me, as the lollipop's face lit up with something looking like a stylized compass.

"Right, ok", I replied, walking out the door, ducking a bit to make sure not to bump my head.

--

I followed the directions the lollipop gave, trying to ignore the stares I was receiving along the way.  I wasn't wearing what I'd think of as a hospital gown, and my butt wasn't out in the wind, but they'd clearly had to adjust the biggest clothes they could find.  Still, what made me stand out wasn't the clothes, it was my size.

I'd once been given courtside seats to watch the Golden State Warriors.  The players who looked normal on TV seemed like lumbering beasts up close.  That was how I felt next to the people walking down the hallway, but not just in size.  They were nearly hairless, they were pale, and to my eyes they looked sickly.

At one point I looked back and noticed that I'd picked up a crowd, it was trailing me as I walked down the hall, and growing slightly larger with each group I passed.

Getting to the Physio room was a relief.  I closed the door behind me and greeted the people waiting for me.

--

I felt bad about breaking the equipment in the physio room.  How was I to know just how fragile it was?  Most of the men in the room seemed annoyed but the women seemed to have a very different reaction.  In fact, I couldn't help notice that there were a lot more women there that didn't seem to truly need to be there.

--

In the weeks that followed, I tried to help explain the MyCry to the people who'd found it, but I was self-aware enough to know that their knowledge was so far ahead of mine that my explanations mostly had them chuckling rather than learning anything.

I wanted to help in some way, so eventually I just asked how I could be most useful.  After some discussions, they came up with a request.  Rather than help them with the technical side, perhaps I'd be willing to help with publicity?

For the publicity shots they had me wear something I hadn't seen anybody wearing yet.  Despite their assurances that it was standard fashion, I couldn't help but notice how much skin it meant I was showing.  They had me sit in the pod with my arms behind my head and my foot propped up on the pod's door.  It seemed a bit undignified, but I wanted to do something to pay my rescuers back.

I'm told that even today mothers are still finding copies of that issue of the journal Nature hidden beneath the mattresses of their teen's beds.  I wish the kids would use smaller words when writing fan mail to me, but I do my best to respond to every letter.

Life in stardate 583720.4 is nice, but I have to admit, I miss beer.
