Mommy and Daddy left me with Granny.

It was a lot of fun! We drew pictures and ate cookies. My favorite, the kind with the oatmeal and chocolate chips!

Granny put on her old-fashioned record player, and we danced a lot too. Swinging and laughing and singing along to songs I didn’t really know about.

Then we went to the zoo. There were lots of cool animals, didja know gorilla’s sometimes run at the glass and jump at it? It was really scary but grandma just laughed and said he was no scarier than her neighbor’s chihuahua.

I thought the chihuahua was pretty scary though. He was always loud and mean.

When we left the zoo, we saw something really weird though. We passed by the place where Granny plays bingo on Sunday after Church… There were police cars all out in front. Grandma looked really scared. She put her hand on my head and told me to keep down.

I pouted but did what I was told. I heard fireworks! 

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Fireworks right there and I missed ‘em!

Granny put me to bed that night. We had to sleep in the “panic room” I don’t know why it’s called that. I like it. There’s my toy box Grandma kept down there and extra clothes and lots of food. There’s also the radio and the extra TV too.

We stayed up late that night. Granny was watching the news, she looked really scared. I didn’t really understand what it was saying.

Something about a disease.

A really bad disease.

“Am I gonna get sick?” 

“No lovebug, ol’Granny’s not gonna let you get sick.”

Mommy and Daddy got me in the morning. Granny came with us, packing up all kinds of stuff. Even Grandpa’s picture from her dresser! Grandpa died last year.

It was really sad. Granny cried a lot. But she was better then.

At least we thought she was.

There were more fireworks, but they wouldn’t let me see! 

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Lots and lots of fireworks!

“Oh no… Carl too?” Granny whispered.

“Whose Carl?”

“An old friend… Looks like he’s sick…”

“Mom, are you sure you alright?”

“I’m positive Hannah. I kept Josie safe during all that yesterday.”

I was really sleepy from the drive though. I don’t remember much else.

I remember feeling the car shake.

I remember hearing someone scream.

I remember flying through the air… 

And I remember how much my back hurt when I fell again. When, I woke up… It was really bad. The car was ruined.

I couldn’t see Mommy and Daddy. Just… Burned things where they were. Where was Granny?

“Granny? Granny where are you?” I yelled looking around. The street had a lot of cars tipped over or burned. This didn’t look right.

There were people in the street, but they weren’t moving.

“Granny?” My voice got all squeaky - like it did when I cried. “Granny? I’m scared! I wanna go back to your house!”

I heard something behind me… From the car. I looked behind me… Oh I never felt so happy.

Granny was pulling herself out of the car as busted up as it was. She was hurt but she looked okay…

She looked funny though. Not a haha funny. 

Her skin was all Grey. Her eyes were all dull looking. She was holding her backpack and mine. She moved slowly to me and put it on me.

She was so quiet. Usually she’d be all worried and stuff.

“Granny?”

She took my hand, it was really cold. She started to lead me away, off of the street and into the field that lead into the forest.

She only said one thing.

“Granny, love Josie.”

“I love you too Granny.”

Granny wasn’t the same after that. We heard fireworks a lot from where we camped out. She’d sometimes disappear for a while and come back, her mouth covered in red paint. She’d bring me back berries, or she’d catch something and cook it up for me.

She never let me see what it used to be. I know it was goat though. The goat farmer was like Granny. All grey and pale. All cold and dull eyed.

I don’t know what’ll happen. But at least I have Granny!
