It’s the last day of the millennium and I’m the only one in the office. Of course it would be me, the guy who Earl, the boss, always likes to dishearten and crush. Not like I had much plans for the night, just to go back to my one person apartment and watch some reruns of old Cheers episodes. Sure it ended six years ago but the story feels so connected to my current life. The ambiguous struggle of an austere cubicle worker.  I graduated from Adelphi in 1995, but I haven’t done anything with my master’s degree. Most of the guys here didn’t even go to college and they’re still doing much better than me in life. 

“Jim, I’m not paying you to daydream, get back to work.” Behind me is my boss Earl, a balding man with glasses thicker than traffic at 6 slams a stack of papers onto my desk. I know what it’s about before I read the first line. All computers must be “prepared” for 2000, the big Y2K and all that. It’s total crap, nothing will happen and I spent 5 hours installing new software to prevent nothing. The rest is automatic and I haven’t smoked since the morning. Yeah, I’m trying to quit but hey, new year new me starts tomorrow, not now.

I leave for the first floor and press lobby into the elevator. The stupid thing managed to break down halfway through, like it usually does. As always, I ignore the no smoking sign and break out a cigarette. It’s 11:59 and I’ve been stuck for almost two hours. Oh well, here’s to another year of insignificance. The elevator quivers, and then the power goes off. Sirens start to go off. Then the elevator falls. As if plummets I smack my head into the side of the elevator. Everything goes black.

After a while I open my eyes to see the floor of the elevator right in front of it. 
“Are you okay sir?” I hear a soft but concerned voice say behind me. 
The door is open and I see a women no older than me with a thin blue jacket. 
“Yeah,” I stammer, a little disoriented, getting myself up with her help. 
What I see next blows my mind. The lobby isn’t the lobby I know anymore. Enormous televisions as thin as paper stretch across the walls and the ceiling goes as high as the Empire State Building. People walk around in skin tight suits and hold small devices with even smaller screens. 
“Where am I,” I ask almost rhetorically.
“This is the lobby of Calco Enterprises. It’s nice right,” she responds.
I have to get out of here. I dart across the lobby and out to the street. Cars all around look like shiny jellybeans. Everyone is staring down into pocket sized screens shining brighter than anything I’ve seen. I stumble down the sidewalk to the corner convenience store and my eyes catch the headline with shock. Happy New Year 2020. The date says December 31, 2019. 

“Excuse me, you forgot this.” The same girl comes up to me with my suitcase I left on the floor. 
“What’s going on?” I ask her. “Do you know why this magazine says 2020?”
She looks a bit startled and slowly responds.
“Yeah, it’s the New Year tomorrow. I don’t understand what you’re getting at.” 
My god, I think. I’m somehow exactly 20 years in the future. 