This is my first time awnsering one of theese so sorry if its bad

We gathered around the alchemist circle, we have chosen a saltwater crocadile that had been "tampered with" we had it in chains on the floor, it seemed.... agitated
There were twelve of us here black robes with purple trimming. We added various items into circle, items that the people above have nere even discovered.
There were 18 candles around the circle, the croc and the ingredients. Our leader clicked his fingers and..... the candles grew in power, flame launched to the ceiling and swirled along the rim of the circle, "no... no.. NO.. this wasnt meant to happen, call it off!"
But nothing worked the flames coelesed into the lizard. It grew in size with spines along its back. And two large scaly wings "wait it actually worked? This is what weve been working on for 1027 years. We did it" the creature turns to the leader with an agitated look on his face, it clutches its throat and lets a sea of flame engulf the leader, he drops to the floor, dead. Panic and screaming followed, it wasnt supposed to be able to do that, not fire, the candles gave it power. I tried to run out of the door, my colleagues getting slaughtered behind me. I run down the corridors and hear it smash through the walls behind me. And after what felt like hours i got outside, i tried to lock the doors even though it wouldnt do anything and i just bolted.

This is day three, i can hear it sometimes, its gotten much  bigger. Im hiding in a abandoned apocalypse bunker, i feel that this is the end, not just for me but everything. 

Day 45 im running out of rations i need to go exploring, so i went out from my hiding place, im thinking i might be able to get some berries or meat from the forrest that my bunker is below, well there was meant to be a forrest here, but all that is is the scorched grass and tall charred skeletons of trees and bushes. Im about 500 meters away from my bunker, i start heading back, but i see a wall of flame and ash billow towards me, running wont work, its to fast. I sit down i relax and i think, i created this, i am the most vile human to ever exist, that ever has existed and ever will exist, but the chances of humans ever existing again, i wouldnt bet on those odds