The windswept waste calls out to me at night, weeping and howling like a hungry beast. The barren fields and empty streets eat the strongest of men down to the bone. 

Little is as it once was. The gray sky, hurling its gastric acid over the countryside, twisting the trees and vegetation into nightmarish swamps. The slouching street lamps sprouting from cracked flowerbeds of tarmac. The ruined cities of a world flushed down the drain.

They say that time heals all wounds, but those prophets of the old knew little of the carcass we now call Earth. They knew nothing of the roaring trucks of the meat farmers and the shrieks of their shackled slaves. They knew nothing of the rabid men hiding in cellars, ready to spring out and tear into your flesh, happy to infect anyone with their disease. They knew nothing of the struggles and the temptation of death. They had no idea what it's like to salivate into a dry mouth at the mere thought the parcel in the back of my satchel.

With a deep breath, I rush out of my hiding spot. Crossing the street, covering my face from the corrosive rain, praying that the eyes of the city are gazing elsewhere. Zigzagging through a graveyard of rusting cars, jumping across the yawning fissures in the ground.

A sudden creak of metal sends a shiver down my back and my heart into overdrive. From under the skeleton of an old school bus, a chromium arm reaches out. Unharmed by the rain, it whips to and fro, trying to grasp anything, catching the shoulder band of my satchel.

"Wasn't it enough that you set this world on fire, huh?" I hiss at it through gritted teeth as we engage in a brief tug of war.

In the back of my mind, I know it's a lost cause. The satchel is as good as gone. My few possessions, lost.

Groaning, I let go of the band and reach into the satchel one last time as it skids across the ground, pulling out the parcel before everything disappears into the darkness below the bus.

With an aching shoulder and sweat dripping down my face, the shadow of the building on the other side of the street finally swallows me up. Covering my mouth, I force the coughing fit back down my throat again.

The bleak dawn climbs up over the horizon. My time is running out. Swallowing my breath, I tiptoe through the filth, my eyes searching through the corners. 

There she is, curled up into a ball next to an old garbage container. Her dark hair covers her face, and for a moment I'm worried that she's dead. That she's finally given up. But then she sighs in her sleep and rolls over. The dark locks fall to the side, revealing her hollow cheeks, streaked by tears and lined by misery. 

I tried to approach her once, but the world has dug its claws into her frail body and mind. She's scared of everything, and rightfully so. She was so young when the bombs fell. Far too young to live in this world.

Slowly, I pull out the parcel, and the intoxicating smell of chocolate fills the air. Even in her sleep, she reaches for it, takes it out of my hands. Our fingers almost touch... almost.

She hugs it to her small chest, just like a child would their favorite stuffed animal.

For a moment, I watch her sleep. The lines in her face smoothen themselves out. Her expression is peaceful, and that gives me peace. Knowing that her stomach will be full another day is what keeps me going. 

I used to tell myself that it was my duty to deliver them to her -- she did win the golden ticket -- but over the years I've come to realize that I do it as much for me as I do it for her.

Seeing her thin lips curve into a tiny smile reminds me that there's still beauty left in this world. Her smile is the only thing that keeps me sane. 

***
r/Lilwa_Dexel