I'm only 9, though it feels like I'm at least 30. I haven't even gotten halfway through the everexpanding library of my dreams and I'm already the smartest human alive. 

You're probably wondering what this library is. Let me explain. Every night in my dreams I visit a library. Not just any library, but the library of all books. All the knowledge mankind has ever gained is saved here. It expands every minute of every day. Every single day. I visit it at night in my sleep. I know it's in my sleep because I spent a year there, I counted the days, though it feels more like a week, perhaps 2. In all that time I didn't need to drink or eat or sleep, but if I want to I can will food into existence and eat to my hearts content. I found out about this when I read about lucid dreaming. Amazing isn't it. The library is a beautiful but strange place. For starters it looks like that building Escher painted. Stairs and walls of books everywhere. Even on the ceiling. And everything moves, constantly. Walls shift, stairs disappear and appear somewhere else. Time seems to stand still, but then you realise 3 days have gone by, just like that. It's a weird place, and I love every minute of it. I love spending time there, I'd rather not leave. But not leaving would mean not waking up, and thus not eating or drinking. I'd die. It's cruel really.

I can't remember when my first 'night' here was. Or more specific my first consious night here. I don't know for sure if it started right when I was born. All I know is that it's been like this for as long as I can remember, and that I'm not the only one that has seen the library. I've read of other people suddenly knowing more than anyone ever and telling tales of a library dream.

The best part about the library is my ability to make things appear out of thin air. Especially the animals, I love animals. Dogs, cats, horses, birds, deep sea creatures and so on. Every animal I've ever read about is here. Even dragons. I can also fly here, I can do anything really. Except make the library go away, that I can't. Why? I have no idea, it probably doesn't want me to. I know all this only happens in my dreams, but how can all this knowledge exist in my mind, without me ever learning it? 

There's another strange thing about this place. The door. I can't open it and I can't 'will' it open. I wonder what's behind there. Something the library doesn't want me to see.. It's a big metal door. Every once in a while I see a bit of light come from underneath. I once pressed my ear against it for a few days when I heard a strange voice. I couldn't fully understand what it was saying but it sounded like '..episodes last a week.... higher dosis...'  I tried more often but i never heard more. I gave up on trying to figure it out.

I wish people around me understood my gift. They seem to think I'm crazy. Crazy? Me? No they're all crazy. Keeping me here. I've stopped caring. I'm 9 now. Still too tiny and weak. But once I'm an adult I can break out of this place. Free myself of the white walls and share my wisdom with the world. I'll show all of them what crazy really means.



Authors note: I'm sure this is horrible but it was a lot of fun to write. I'm not good at writing and this is my first writing prompt so please forgive the awfulness :p