"Rambo, wear more clothes," my mom called to me across the living room.

"I'm gonna be okay, you know I'm not gonna get sick," I replied back, reaching for the door. Admittedly, I wasn't wearing much. Just a short dress, no jackets. But it's true. I don't get sick that often; I don't know why.

My mother sighed. "It's all because of that no good father of yours," she muttered. I ignored her. She never told me much more beyond the fact that my father was still alive, roaming around to sleep with a different woman every night, but I have no interest to hear about that. He's out of our lives for nearly 20 years now (I am nearly 21 years old), and it's time for my mom to move on. 

I have no ties or relations to that man, except (supposedly) for my strong immune system. I'd never gotten sick in my life.

\---

I stepped out in the cold, and I felt that something was off immediately. I hadn't heard much noise, but there's a sort of unease. Everything looked normal but I can sense that something is coming. 

\---

That night, I woke up to the sound of choking. My mom's choking. *Fuck.*

"Mom, mom - I'm going to get you help right now. Hold on!"

I dialled 911. *beep beep beeeeeeep--* No response. I sprinted downstairs to get a neighbour's help, but even before I left the door I could hear the sound of choking of my neighbours outside. Something was terribly, terribly wrong. 

The television blares as I raced back in my house to the kitchen to get my mom some water. I had no idea what else I should do. "...Citizens are advised to evacuate into a germ-free zone as soon as possible. A highly contagious and deadly virus had been released to multiple cities of the United States; at this time, it is unclear whether this is the utilization of biochemical warfare by--" 

Just then, everything stopped. Time, the water stream, my mom's choking, everything. Well, everything but myself. I can hear a low rumble outside then, but the vibration does not shake the frozen building. How strange. 

Despite my better judgement, I went through the door in curiosity. Whatever it is, I know it was responsible for the stranger things happenings around here. 

The machine making this noise was a starfleet (?!) with the inscription of my name on its side. *Starfleet Rambo.* Interesting. Once the monstrosity parked in the space right on top of my street, the levitating aircraft spat out a staircase and I could see a man's silhouette. 

"Well, who do we have here!" He said. I can't see him clearly, but I know that he could not have been older than 25. "It took me enough trouble, your mother had hidden you well. I had to start wiping out half of the United States to finally find you. I knew you'd still have that bitchin immune system you inherited from me!" He said gleefully, stepping down. 

He looked non-threatening enough, but my mind was racing. This man is calling himself my father, and while I can see the resemblance, I know that there must be a reason why my mother ran from him. I stepped back, but stupid me tripped over some weeds on my yard. I should have known that would happen. 

"Who... Who are you?" I already knew the answer, but I blurted this out to buy me some time. (To think? To run? To escape?)

"Rambo, I am your father."