I have a photo in my dresser.  It's tucked away on the 88th page of the book with the red cover.  You'll know the one when you see it.  It's all I have left of my husband and I'd like to see it one more time before I go.  Please go get it and bring it to me.  I'm in the intensive care unit on floor 6, room 04.  Thank you.

When I'm gone, please be sure to look after my grandson.  You've met him a few times at the New Year parties.  Remember how much he liked to talk about Captain America?  Well that's becoming a bit of a problem lately.  I knew I shouldn't have told his father, my son, about what my husband did, but I was just so proud, and so few people even knew.  I just wanted him to know his daddy wasn't just a slender, accountant-type with a soft voice and heavy accent.  I wanted him to be proud, but look where that pride got him.  When his father passed, my son went into a craze.  All those ideas that had been simmering in his psyche for so many years, all those ideas that we put there, suddenly found their way onto every public forum, every sidewalk, every light post in the city.  Freedom, democracy, change... what did those ideas get him?  What will they get his son?  I'm so scared for the little one.  Don't let him talk to too many of those kids from the South, you know the ones I mean.  They tried what the kids here tried so many years ago.  They were just lucky they didn't meet the same fate, but that kind of thinking could get the little one into serious trouble here.  Make sure he's not reading anything too extreme, and make sure to tell him regularly how lucky he is to live here.  Beyond all else, do not tell him where his father is.  He still thinks he's dead.  Tell him I love him.

When you get the photo, don't show it to anyone.  It's not supposed to exist here.  If anyone does see it, you can tell them it's from one of the wars in the region.  They should believe it.  After all, how could that have happened here?  When you've left, please remember to burn the photo.  I won't need it anymore, and if the wrong people see it you could be in trouble.  It's a small chance, but please don't take it.  After all, I'm told most of the world has already seen this photo.

I'll see you soon, old friend.  Thank you for your friendship and support, and thank you for the wonderful job that I know you'll do taking care of the little one.  

Your eternal friend,

Xiao Ming



I hope OP doesn't mind me playing around with the prompt a little, and I am so far from a professional writer it's not even funny, but the prompt reminded me of something that's pretty close to my heart and I wanted to write something about it.  I'm going to include the photo at the bottom for those of you who haven't guessed already, but I want to write a quick disclaimer to say that I interpreted the prompt quite loosely.  The villain in this story did quite a bit of good, but in the realm of democracy and civil rights, dude fucked up big time.

[Photo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d8/Tianasquare.jpg)