“Dark. Lonely.

Thousands of years before Adre caught on, we were already sapping everything out of each other. You wouldn’t recognize the immaculate glass towers for the burnt out shells they are now, but people used to work in them. If you could call it work. Inside of them were these tiny, isolating cells where the wealthy would drain the life out of the weak day in and day out. And that’s how it worked all the way down the line. People climbed over each other and shoved one another into the dirt just to get ahead.

The worst part is that we were so busy keeping each other down that we hadn’t noticed the monster in the night. 

I remember where I was when it happened.

My family always rented cabins a Jon Pruitt State Park in May, and that year was no different. The gates closed at 9:00 PM and despite my speeding I was late. I parked in the lot outside, grabbed my bag, and hopped the gate.

The cabins were a few miles in, but I’d walked it before, and the way was mostly lit. Plus, I’d heard that the rangers worked shifts. So, one them should be out at night. Right? Either way, I walked down the twisty road. Dark. Lonely.

Midway through the second mile the lights thinned out leaving the swirls of stars, peaking from behind the clouds, to shine the way. The whole of the park seemed hushed.

Behind me a pinecone crunched. I froze. Pine needles shuffled at the side of the road. I turned. At the edge of the road a wide-eyed deer stood staring at me.

“Hey.” I said. “I’m not going to hurt you.”

Truth is. I’d hurt a deer before. I came from a family that survived most winters on deer meat, and it was a right of passage to bring it home. Dark.

Like two statues we watched each other for what felt like a full minute. Then, I noticed something about her eyes. They seemed to look through me.

I slowly spun on my heel.

Just above the tree line ahead of me the clouds had become something else entirely. Creatures floated like jellyfish in the sky, illuminated by a flashing that seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once.

The deer sprang into the woods. Lonely.

No one knew it at  the time, but the creatures in the sky  were commanded by beings from TRAPPIST-1. We called them the Watchers because they had enormous eyes that you could feel when they looked at you; like they were looking at something inside of you.

It turns out that the messages we’d been sending across the galaxy had been received. We were on something of a galactic watch list, but were deemed too primitive to make contact with. That’s until they found out that we were natural producers of the most addictive substance in the galaxy— Adrenaline.

So they conquered us, destroyed the complex social orders we’d built, and put us all at the bottom. We barely put up a fight.

I never made it to the cabin. I never saw my family again.

That was more than a thousand years ago, and I don’t know why I’m not dead. Nothing makes sense anymore

All I know is that I need to get you somewhere safe.”

Scott  looked down at the child in his arms. She was hardly a few months old. A ringing of metal echoed through the ship. Through the darkness of his hiding place he could see a glint of light in her wide eyes. Not dark. Not lonely.