Here's the thing about goodies: they tend to lose.

It is with that knowledge that I had smirked up at the man who caught me. 

"Well, looks like you finally got me, David." Flashing my jackal's grin.

I had figured out his secret identity long ago, and angering him with his true name pleased me. It was why I had chosen my villain alias: Goliath.

"Looks like I did."

There had not been a dent in his composure as the agents dragged me away. The responsibility of being the hero. And the weakness. But I knew my smirk had angered him. 

A smirk can contain many things. Cruelty - God knows I've taken joy in being the sadistic fuck, ever since I was tearing up plush toys in kindergarten. Defiance. As I had always defied Society and its ridiculous merits.

Love. Not that David would ever acknowledge it, oh no, not the *great* Steeljaw. But he knew. His chiselled features had given nothing as I stared from the police vehicle, but his eyes always told the truth.

Yes, I smirked all the way down the street, long after he was gone from sight.

It was at this point that my cellmate interrupted me. "You're saying ye *loved* the bastard?"

"Yeah, what's it to ya?" I snarled at him.

He backed down quickly. They all knew I had some of my tech hidden away, even here, in jail. Some fuckwad with a high position had seen me put in a male facility. Resentment over a killed family, no doubt... I didn't keep tabs. But it was a pointless revenge. The inmates here would never touch me. Even these buffoons were too clever for that.

"Nuthin, Goliath, nuthin." A glint in his eye. "But if ye loved him, why didn't ye join him?"

Because I'm fucked up. Because love is, to me, little more than lust and pain, and pain means fighting. But I couldn't say that.

"Because heroes lose." My cellmate nodded sagely at that, like he was some armchair philosopher and not the vermin of the street. "Not that outcomes matter to me all that much. I chose this path because I *like* it." I was rotten from the start.

"Good and evil aside, when you play the hero, you take on responsibility. And that's where the weakness lies. How I've always been able to play him. How I'm playing him, even now."

My cellmate's eyes lit up at that, scummy eagerness in his voice. "You hatchin' an escape, Goliath? You can tell ol' Scrimshaw, he can help."

"Your help is the only reason I'm talking to you right now," I said, not bothering to hide my disgust. "Listen, Scrimshaw, I know all about your little gift. I have my tech, you have your... illusions."

My cellmate nodded, dumb pride on his scabby face. He had been a painter once, a good one, before he got hooked on the meth. He was well on his merry way to the sewers, to die with the other drugrats... when some opiate experiments unleashed something in him. The ability to draw shadows, breathing, moving... living.

"I've smuggled some charcoal in for you, Scrimshaw," I whispered, moving closer to his ear. Seductive. "And crystal, if you do the job right. You'll like that, won't you?" *You meth-head.*

Scrimshaw nodded eagerly.

"Tonight, you will draw some of your shadows, create some chaos, while I drill away in here. If you behave..." I left the rest unsaid. Druggies don't need more than a hint when it comes to using.

--

That night, I headed back to my cell when the alarm started. I quickly used the embedded receivers under my skin, activating the mine-bots below my cell floor to resume their digging. A hole quickly opened up in the stone, unheard over all the noise, my mine-bots crawling out. Strangely, Scrimshaw was nowhere to be seen... but that didn't stop me. I jumped in. 

"Fuck Scrimshaw," I muttered, smirking my jackal's grin as I crawled on. I hadn't planned on leaving the old fool alive, anyway. He was a loose end that could be cut off. Ah, the conveniences of being a villain.

Halfway down the tunnel, I heard the blaring of the alarms stop. No matter, I had already collapsed the part behind me. I continued, moving with ease in the space my mine-bots had created. Finally, I noticed the tunnel started sloping upwards.

"About time," I grunted, hoisting myself up from the ground, feeling the grass, the fresh air, the-

The hands, grabbing me as I emerged from the ground. Men in protective armour. Shouting voices. Lights, blinding me, fixed on me. I quickly realised that what little combat tech I had hidden on me was useless against such numbers.

"Planning an escape, were we, Goliath?" I was blinded but instantly recognised the Warden's dry voice. "Too bad I've made my own little arrangement."

And then, a different voice, close to my ear.

"Ain't no one told ye I quit the meth, did they?" *Scrimshaw.* "I use *opiates* now, Goli, *opiates*. Ain't the same thing. It shows me things, it does. How to outsmart cunning bitches like you, fer example." A jab in my ribs, making me gasp for air.

"Yes," the Warden's voice showed distaste. "Our friend here exchanged information about your escape for his own freedom." A pause. "Normally I wouldn't allow it, but I make exceptions..." His voice lowered to a threat. "Against those who murdered friends of mine."

I was still gulping for air, struggling, when Scrimshaw whispered one last thing, close to my ear so only I heard it.

"Shouldn't have told me about his real name, should ye, Goli? I wonder what Steeljaw - no, David, will do when he finds out I've killed his family. And that won't be no *illusion*."

A punch in my stomach now, driving the air out of me so far I lost consciousness.

When I woke up, the defences around me were considerably higher.

And my tech was gone.

"David," I croaked. "David..."

I knew *exactly* what David would do if Scrimshaw got his family. He'd lose that well-controlled temper of his, the famous steel facade would crumble. And he'd start making mistakes.

That's why I had never gone that far.

My hands pounded against the insulated walls, and with my screams came the inset of realisation and despair. I would have to save him. And I would fail.

Because goodies tend to lose.

--

r/Writeful_heir