The first thing you should know about Hotel California is that most of us are drunk.

I don't mean we drink all the time - I mean we do - but even if we didn't our respective triads of sheets would stay in the wind.  If you perish drunk, then drunk you will remain in the afterlife.  It used to annoy me that I couldn't do math in my head anymore, but that kind of thing doesn't matter here.  I can't even remember what an inhibition feels like.  Maybe I used to be socially anxious?  I can't remember, and I don't really care.      

Turns out that a lot of people who die in vehicular accidents died intoxicated.  When I wrapped my Honda Accord around a telephone pole a few decade ago, at least I think it was few decades ago, time was funny now, I was about seven Jaeger shots past respectability.  One of my buddies, Arvid, rammed his longboat into the rocks while he was pissed on too much mead.  Missed Valhalla because of that.  It's not always alcohol, either, a lot of x-games types crashed their motorcycles and dune buggies sped out of their minds on stimulants.  Those guys are not fun to talk to. 

As far as after lives go, Hotel California is a curveball.  If you would have told me while I was alive that there's an afterlife for people who die in vehicle accidents I would have imagined car themed stuff like a racetrack, video game systems running mario kart 24-7, long road trips across the countryside.  I don't know.  I would have guessed there was a theme.  But no, not really.  It's just a creepy old hotel in the middle of a nowhere that looks like central Californian countryside.  When you get here a strange woman leads you by candlelight to a nothing special room.  Twin bed, chair and a night-stand.  

All of the ceilings are mirrors.  Let me tell you, when you're not used to that it can be pretty disorienting, and part of your brain thinks there's another identical world happening on top of yours.  What it really means is you can never escape yourself.  Your reflection is always right there.  

Everywhere you go in this place you find raised buckets filled with ice, chilling bottles of pink champagne.  I'm sick of it but there's nothing else to drink.  Without much to do most people resort to dancing, filling up the courtyards and swaying around to the slow, dissonant guitar that seems to vibrate out from the walls of this place.  

Every night we gather in the main room, which for some reason is called the master's chambers, and we indulge in a feast.  Roasted chickens, herbed potatoes and soft breads, fine cheese and every desert you can imagine.  And of course the ubiquitous pink champagne.  Some people eat and drink with abandon, but others of us have grown tired of stuffing ourselves.  It doesn't help.

Each night we all go to sleep, whether we're tired or not our bodies and mind's just pass out, and we dream.  We relive in vivid, excruciating detail the moments before, during and after our vehicle accidents, and then we get to see other people react to it.  For me I see my family identifying my body, crying at my funeral, then slowly forgetting about me over the years.  For the people that killed others, I've learned, they see the loved ones of their victims mourn.  When the dream is finished it starts again.  Over and over again until the morning.

And then we wake up, drink the pink champagne, dance in the courtyard, feast in the master's chambers until we want to burst.  Anything to distract us from the images and feelings swirling around in our brains.  Anything for a moment's peace.  But trust me, none of it helps.

What I figured out about this place is that it's not just for people who died in vehicles.  It's for people who *killed* in vehicles.  Even if the only person you killed was yourself.  

All the booze, dancing, music and feasts are an escape that never takes you anywhere.  You can go somewhere else in your head for a minute or two, but you always come back.  At the Hotel California you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave.  

&#x200B;