Once a month, every month, I switched places with a person I'd never met. The first time it had happened, I cried. I was so scared because I didn't know what had just happened to me. One moment I was playing with some toys in the front room, the TV on in the background, the next I was somewhere else, I was someone else for those 60 seconds and I was being punished by a scary man, hit over and over as he yelled words I hadn't understood. I had taken their punishment for them whilst being disorientated, with that horrible feeling of your mind not being in the right place. That was the first swap. I was four, younger then most kids and even though my mum had told me bedtime stories about it happening, they hadn't prepared my young mind for how awful those trips were to a very young mind. 

The life I saw through that persons eyes was different to my own, although I occasionally caught a glimpse of little things that gave their location away. Their writing was different to my own. I saw them reading a comic, another time they were watching a movie, but never anything conclusive. 

Most of us, as we got older, we stopped really caring about the visions. That's just how it was, because we could never control when we were going to see from each others eyes, we could never message the other. Most people never found their soulmates. Sometimes the visions would just end one day. We didn't talk about those things. I remember a friend of mine. Sarah. She'd see hospitals sometimes. I remember her reading a piece out in class about feeling very sick, but she was with two adults who were obviously the other persons parents. She was too sick to talk to them. Then one day, she mentioned she hadn't seen through her soulmates eyes in a long time. They'd died. She was the first person I'd ever known to have lost their soulmate, we were only nine. I knew a couple of other kids who just didn't have one at all, although I'm pretty sure it was because they'd already met each other. Instead of a tracking class, those kids went into a different room to study something else while we all wrote down what we had seen through our soulmates eyes recently. 

It was always like this. Some kids found their soulmates early on, others lost theirs, but the majority of us, we just saw glimpses of their lives. By the time we were 17/18 most of us didn't care too much. We were always encouraged to post stuff online and search for keywords to try and find our soulmate talking about us, but only a small handful of people actually found each other this way. For me, there was no chance of finding them online unless they were writing in English, but they weren't from an English speaking country so that was very unlikely. 

Life just seemed to go on after that. Most of us dated at Uni. Even I dated during that time, but never really settled, those of us who still had our soulmates out there rarely did unless we saw them settling down. My mum had always pushed me to settle down with someone from a very young age. She wasn't happy the person wasn't going to be white. When I'd asked her if my dad had been her soulmate she had told me he wasn't, but he was better then the person she'd been seeing all her life. I didn't believe that one bit though. She acted like she didn't care, but she had so much anger towards this person that she obviously cared about not finding them a lot. Life just went on though. I hadn't written anything online for a long time now. There wasn't much point. We were from two different worlds. 

Today was just like any other summers morning. The birds were out and chirping in the early hours of the morning. Singing to the sun as it rose over the horizon. Dew glistened on the grass from the cool night air, but was gone by the time I'd left the house. It always felt great to leave the house in a tshirt and short shorts when it was warm out and today was the perfect day for it. I nearly skipped into the city center, just enjoying the nice feeling when I felt it starting to happen again. That gentle pull on my mind. I paused and moved myself out of everyones way before I was suddenly floating into another persons body. I looked around curiously, I had 60 seconds to take in where I was and what they were doing. Instead of being somewhere completely unfamilier, I was looking at a building I knew well, it wasn't far from where I was. I pratically screamed in frustration as motor functions were basically lost when we switched and this time was no exception. I couldn't send my soulmates body in my direction. I looked around at all the people walking around me, us, them. I saw a friend of mine just walking right by them. They took a quick glance at us, but didn't stop. I felt my mind being tugged again and I was back in my own body. I breathed heavily as usual, my body shook but I started walking, stumbling over my feet, moving as quickly as I could towards my soulmate. Would they still be there? Would we realise it was each other just like all the media tell us. It was really rare for people to find each other, but I had the chance. I turned the corner and saw the square in front of me and the building. I looked around and saw a person, standing where I had been standing a few minutes before, looking in my direction. They knew I'd find them if they stayed there. I knew it was him, my mind seemed to flutter, my body felt lighter then ever as I suddenly found myself standing still. Unable to really comprehend I'd finally found them, him. He was a he. He moved towards me, his eyes didn't dare even blink as he came towards me. It was as if he was too scared to just in case I'd vanish. Then he was in front of me. I smiled and laughed a little, he was Asian, that explained why I could never understand what he was saying while I was growing up. He probably felt the same way. 

"I found you," he whispered and suddenly I was in the warmest hug I'd ever recieved. This was what it felt like, why people who had met their soulmates talked about it all the time. This was why we wanted to be with them. I knew, from this moment, that we were always going to be together. 