There I was, a broken figure lying in a pool of my own blood, . Paramedics are around me checking my vitals, trying to stop the bleeding, saving my life. It's a hard act to do convincingly, looking like you're dying that is but with my acting chops coupled with the ability to manipulate the basic energies that make up all of matter, it's not really a big deal. Standing a couple of feet behind the paramedics was my audience, Roxanne or as the public knows her Lady Reaper. Her power is energy projection in the form of a scythe, flight, short distance teleportation and the ability to blend in the darkness. Usually a lethal combo maybe that's why she's technically

My name is Juan but presently the public knows me as Crystal Shard. According to the Police, Metahuman Forces and the Government I'm a low level Geomancer that can generate and manipulate crystalline constructs of limited size. A few moments ago I was caught in a sting operation because I was selling counterfeit diamonds. I caused some collateral damage, a couple of police cars that have been impaled by Crystal spears, some swat officers that have broken bones due to crystal balls the size of boxing gloves. I didnt kill anyone. I just gave them one heck of a booboo and a whopper of a story to tell their friends.  Usually when a guy likes me causes enough of a scene that the world government starts to get irritated a little they send out their wetwork metahuman, Lady Reaper, to make them disappear... Permanently. 

We've met a few times before actually. The first time she faced against me in my Don Atomico identity/persona. A few years ago I was stealing/ appropriating weapon's grade nuclear material from nuclear facilities around the world because I was trying to learn how to control ionizing radiation. Lady reaper was barely five foot tall, with jet black shoulder length hair, petite build, but with deep and beautiful eyes that made my heart burn like no energy I have felt before. We battled for quite some time. She was silent at the beginning of our fight but surprisingly became quite chatty when I managed to evade her insta-kill move "the reaping". Apparently I was the first one to ever live through it. I was flattered by that "compliment". So we bantered, like any good cliched hero vs villain fight. I learned her hero name her likes, hobbies and some other personal details about her. Like she officially doesn't exist and the world government classifies her as a WMD (weapon of Mass Destruction). She usually is kept in a swanky condo in a secure government facility and can only come out when the world government needs her services. 

To be honest I felt pity for her. She's being treated like an attack dog locked in a cage until she's let loose to do what she does. With that chain of thought I realized something. I need to be killed by her otherwise she will be punished and maybe disposed of. I can't defeat her... She's telling me about herself because she thinks I won't live past our fight. This is the time I made a decision. I want to get to know this person more but to do that I need to die. So I did. 

It was an action packed exchange of blows and beams. I limited myself to just shooting off a concentrated laser beams she came at me with stealth, speed and ferocity the likes of which can only be described as text book anime. I managed to burn holes through her stealth suit and managing to graze her body underneath it. Instead of wincing at the pain this look of exhilaration was pasted on her face as if this was her first fight that made her feel alive. But alas, all good things must come to an end. I acted like fatigue and wxhaustion was getting the better of me and when I attacked I made sure that my beams were losing their power until it looke like I couldnt even cmuster the energy to project a laser pointer. She fell for my deception and started what appears to be her final attack. Lady Reaper then teleported behind me and stabbed me through the heart. It felt weird let me tell you that but the good thing about being an energy being is you cant die from practically anything. You are above it, beyond the limits of flesh but of course I cant let her know that.  I willed my body to cough up blood and I asked her in a retrospectively way over acted dying voice.

"Before I die... I want to know your name you real name." as i coughed up even more blood.

"It's Roxanne. You can consider that as a reward for giving me one heck of a fight. Now die!!!" She said with a tone that lacked all form of emotion, as she twisted the scythe out of my body. 

"Hi Roxanne, My name is Juan, Goodbye." I spat out an ungodly amount of blood from my mouth. I thought that this would be a good ending for a fight. I fell on my knees and I willed my power to erupt from the holes in my back and my chest in the form of searing light. Roxanne, upon seeing the light coming out of me made a tactical retreat to escape my blast radius. I yelled with all of my strength, to make it look like that I'm legitimately self destructing before I willed the matter in my body to explode with the force of a couple of bars of C4. There was nothing left of my physical form. 

Roxanne and I met a few more times after that but with each confrontation I had a different persona with different power sets, motives and body. She didn't know that it was me and I never told her. All I did was take her to different spots around the world to give her a chance to see it all. I hatched all kinds of cockamamie plots. From stealing all the marble from the Taj Mahal, To melting the snow from the Himalayas, to flooding the beaches of the Philippines. With each fight I learned something new about her. It was for me a sick way of dating someone and showing her new vistas with every date end up in me dying in some sort of way.

 Fast forward to my current predicament. I'm lying in a pool of blood and as an agent of the government Roxanne was tasked to take me back, surprisingly alive this time. Maybe the world government wanted me to become their own diamond production plant or something like that. So she made sure the paramedics did their job to stabilize me before she whisks me off to some off the books holding facility. Well at least it'll give us more time to know each other. Who knows maybe I could stay as this persona for a while. 

That thought was so rudely interrupted by a huge fireball a block from where we were. A lone voice overpowered the screams of a terrified public fleeing from the inferno that is coming from that direction.

" I AM IGNEX WITNESS MY POWER AND BURN!!!" The voice declared.

"Oh shit" I thought. Ignex was a lesser elemental, A human that discovered his gift of manipulating thermal radiation to the extent that he can be fire. Not just ignite his body but be the physical avatar of heat. 

Without a moments hesitation Roxanne disappeared from where she was standing and I have a bad feeling in my gut to what's about to happen next.Roxanne is going to have to face that bastard. Meta-Hero rules dictate that she needs to stop the threat. As powerful as Lady Reaper may be she's no match for Ignex.

The paramedics were surprised to say the least when a man who was mere millimeters from death suddenly bolts up to a sitting position to watch the fight that was unfolding between two super powered individuals.

I can see what was happening. Lady Reaper was teleporting around to avoid the flame blasts of Ignex, anything that comes close to him would be incinerated and Lady Reaper found that out the hard way. She attempts to dash behind Ignex  but even with her speed she cant reach him, who is surrounded by super heated air when she materializes behind him the searing hot air burned off her tactical stealth suit, then every inch of her skin. I saw her taking a breath because of the pain, the air will surely burn the inside of her lungs. Her exposure to Ignex's heat was the blink of an eye but I knew the damage is severe to Roxanne before she teleported away from him. I saw her half a block away she materializes out of nowhere and she was writhing in excruciating pain. Her skin and flesh has been liquefied and she can't breath because of the heat. 

"Fuck it. She needs me." I stood up and willed myself to materialize beside her writhing form. I looked at her and saw that even her eyes have been burned. I need to save the woman I love. The woman that made me feel alive. I placed my hands on her burnt flesh and I prayed. I prayed to whoever or whatever gave me these powers, to give me the confidence I need to save her. I closed my eyes and felt all the energy around me and I willed it into new matter. I methodically regenerated Roxanne's body cell atom by atom, cell by cell until she's no longer in danger. It will take some more time and energy for me to heal her completely but   
at least she's conscious and out of danger. 

When I opened my eyes. I saw her beautiful eyes staring at me. Dumbfounded that the person she nearly killed earlier has saved her from her imminent demise. 

"Shhh... I'll explain later. I wont run and I wont pretend I'm someone else. All you have to know right now is... We met before and I'm here to save you Roxanne." I said while i placed my finger on her lips. 

Edit 1-3: Grammar corrections