It had been too late to cover it up, to hide it from the public. When the info about the government possessing the capacity to create time machines leaked, it was only a matter of time before the uproar followed. Changing history, erasing people from existence, causing a paradox; There are so many things that could go wrong with time travel. It was for reasons like this that the council unanimously decided to restrict the use of time travel. I had been there that day, and my voice had been an important one in our the decision. We couldn't keep it from them, but we couldn't let them abuse it either. So the decision was made that everyone would get one day, just one, that they would be able to redo as many times as possible until they got it just right. The catch? It could only repeat the current day, no going backwards or forwards in time. For a while, things were just fine. But soon, people started demanding more power, they needed to go further; To save loved ones, to end disasters, and whatever other reasons they may have had. And now, today, the council comes to a final decision on whether or not to unlock time travel, and I intend to fight until the very end.

I sip my morning coffee and review the speech I had prepared for this day when my wife burst into the room. She looks visibly shaken, her hair is a mess, dark circles are around her eyes making it look like she hasn't slept in weeks, and her face is wet with tears.

"What happen-," I start to say before I’m interrupted.

"No matter how many times I try, I can't save you!" she suddenly screams

"What are you talking about? What's going on?" I ask, completely confused.

"You have to stay home today!  If you don’t, you'll be killed!”

Shock comes over me as I begin to understand what she’s talking about.

"You've been using it haven't you? Time travel?  How many times? How many times have you relived this day?” I ask her seriously.

“I lost track after the first couple hundred!  No matter what I do, you die after you make your speech!” she cries.

"Even then, I can't let this pass. People may think they want this now, but they aren't thinking about the repercussions," I say confidently, “If we stop restricting time travel the only thing that can follow is chaos. This whole country­—no, the whole world is as good as done.”   

“So go ahead and let them destroy themselves!  If they’d kill you for trying to save them then they deserve it!”

“I can’t. You know me better than that,” I say as I smile at her, “If my life alone is all it takes to save the world, then I’ll gladly give it.” 

Tears start welling up in her eyes as she motions to speak again. I walk up to her and hug her tightly.

“You’ve done more than enough. Thank you. It’s time for you to rest. I love you.”

“I love you too.” She manages to choke out the words.

She quietly sobs in my arms for what feels like an eternity. Of course I want to stay with her, of course I want to live, but if I don’t put a stop to this, there might not be anyone else who can. I gently break our embrace, share one last kiss with her, and head for the door, knowing that the fate of the world rests on my shoulders. 

&#x200B;

First post here, I've been lurking in this sub for awhile and wanted to try my hand at it. I still don't completely understand the format for writing dialogue, but here's hoping I get better. 