	Lagar was ready to face the person who he hurt most he has been preparing for years going over who it would be and how he would confront them. Finally the glorious gates open revealing a very stocky and tall figure that looked very similar. Lagar than realized that it was himself, but this confused Lagar considering how much strain he put on his family in his lifetime. He thought he was gonna confront his uncle he moved in with when he was 5 or his mom who took care of him most of his life, but no he was confronted with himself. Lagar started by introducing himself where his spiritual counterpart revealed his name as Lazareth this name seemed oddly familiar to Lagar but he couldn’t put his tongue on what it was from. Than it hits him that it his middle name. Lagar tried to ask what he did to confront Lazareth but alas he got no response and was ordered to follow Lazareth. They walked the beautiful path on the way to heaven and take an unusual seeming right and they enter this complex. Lazareth ask to be taken to room 1231 and they were warped there within seconds. Nothing like this has ever happened to Lagar so he was very confused and fascinated at the same time. Lagar looks around the eerie and dark room that seemed very empty. Lazareth asks for Lagar to take a seat and pulls up a chair out of seemingly nowhere. Lagar takes a seat asking what's going on, but before he could get any real answers Lazareth disappears out of the room and the room starts to light up and he notices that he is back to his childhood. Specifically a standardized test he took in 6th grade while living with his uncle. Lagar walks around the familiar classroom trying to figure out what is happening and realized that this eerie room was showing what he did to himself to end up seeing himself. Lagar watches his 6th grade self passing a paper to another classmate, meanwhile the teacher gets up very suddenly and walks over to Lagar and takes his test rips it off and sends him to OCS for the rest of the day. Lagar watches himself sitting in OCS cursing at the kid asking for answer the teacher and himself. Lagar watches himself walk home to his house after school trying to recall what happened after but couldn’t come up with an answer. Lagar watches himself walk into the house and getting yelled out by the uncle who kicked him out of the house while Lagar wanders off into nowhere and Lagar calls out to his younger self to get no response. Eventually after a couple hours of aimlessly following his younger stuff he ends up at his parent’s house with no lights on no cars in the driveway and in the middle of nowhere. Lagar knocks on the door to get a response from someone that at the time he didn’t know but later would find out is his stepfather. His stepfather however recognized him let Lagar in and hid him for the night to not upset his wife. That next morning Lagar is let out by his stepfather and shown to his mom who abused him. It got nasty very quickly and Lagar ended up leaving again this time finding a foster home where he spent most of his time. Lagar sits there in amazement that a huge factor in his life was completely forgotten and that he saw his birth parents other than at the age of 12. Lazareth appears back in the room with a grim face while Lagar cries into his sleeve. Lazareth guides Lagar to heaven and lets him into the gates and gave him a formal welcome while Lagar’s tears dry up and he thanks Lazareth as he disappears into nothingness. 
