I held her in my arms. She held me back, smiling as we spun slowly through the clouds. Her dress floated around her in the breeze. She loved that dress, bright yellow and billowing without being heavy. It had taken me a week to get it right, but it was worth it just to hear her gasp when she fell asleep wearing it. I even had her name, Sarah, sewn into the lining so she knew it was just for her. It was the little details that mattered.
It was our anniversary. A year of sweet dreams since I'd found her in this world. Three years since I'd discovered that this world even existed.
We fell, naturally, through the air, gently landing in a giant soft tree far below. She closed her eyes, inhaling.

_How does she look beautiful just breathing in?_

"Is that..."
"The scent of the trees and the lake where you spent your summers? I hope I got it right"
She smiled, lowering her face slightly before looking back up at me. I loved it when she did that. It was so pure, such an honest reaction. Her embarassment, her happiness whenever I could give her something she truly appreciated. It was everything to me.
She ran her hands over my chest. Felt my heart beat, faster. I held her closer to me, she gasped a bit at my strength. We lay there, embracing, losing ourselves in eachother. In the feelings of wanting and being wanted in return. The thrill, the rush, of being with somebody as beautiful as her, being desired by somebody I loved as much as her, being wanted and accepted by her. It was everything I could ever want in life, the pinnacle of what any existence could be. I felt more alive with her than I have anywhere else.

--------------------------------

We lay in the tree after, watching the sunset. I looked down and saw her looking back at me instead of watching the sky catch fire and the birds fly across it. It was incredible just how good she could make me feel just with a simple look.
"It's getting early, isn't it Sam?"
I sighed. "Yah, I think it is."
"Mmm... I don't want to go. But I'll see you soon, right?"
I kissed her gently on the forehead. "Real soon."
She rose up into the sky, away from me, fading slowly. She always woke up first. I smiled, hurting a bit as I watched her go.
I stood up and let the tree disappear, floating down to a pool of water below. I had a few minutes to look into the water, look at myself. I flexed a bit, running my eyes over the lines. My arms, my legs, even the tattoo of a tiger wrapped around my arm looked perfect. I ran my own hands over my body, holding it tight, closing my eyes just to feel it, to remember what it was. I held tighter, as if maybe I was strong enough here to keep myself from-

I woke up.

_Fuck._

The world felt heavy again, like it always did. I took the helmet off and slowly rolled onto my side to get up. The machine was humming quietly, I switched it off. It went back into it's box hidden behind the bed, like it always did. I had enough problems, and being arrested for unregulated dream invasion tech wouldn't help me.

I plodded over to the bathroom, sprayed water in my face. The mirror was still shattered from where I'd smashed it a week earlier. I hadn't gotten around to replacing it. Why bother? I didn't want to use it. Couldn't use it. I ran my hands over my arms again, trying to remember what they felt when I was asleep. But I couldn't hide the softness, couldn't hide just how far I could dig my fingers into my own skin.

I yelled into a towel for a few secords.

I showered while thinking of her the night before last, when she'd wanted to go swimming. I'd created reefs and sea animals and even a manatee for her. I'd do anything for her, when I could do everything.

_Focus on the positives. Don't think about how you're powerless out here, or how she wouldn't feel the same way about you if she knew. Don't think about how you couldn't get someone like her without cheating if you tried, or how you're was so pathetic you can't even fit a fucking towel around yourself because you're just a waste of way too much fucking carbon who can't accomplish anything without a magic fucking machine that makes you a completely different person so you can INFLICT YOURSELF ON SOME INNOCENT PERSON LIKE A FUCKING CANCER-_

Towel. Dry. Hair. Face. Don't think.

----------------------------------

I didn't like Paris. It was a popular request, but there were so many more options. I hated designing "A night in 'Pay-ree'" dreams over and over again when I was new at my job. But now that I was the Lead Experience Engineer, I could delegate that to one of the interns.

I tried to focus on who would be more appropriate for the arches, but my mind kept floating back to her. She sat in the main office, with the rest of the marketing department. I could see her just through my window, focusing on her computer. I'd managed to convince the office planner that I needed tinted one-way windows for security, and measured out the angle from my desk so I could just see her, but not in a place that was obvious if you'd looked at the seating plan I'd had a hand in.

_God you're a fucking creep. Who the fuck goes to so much effort to leer at some woman he barely knows?_

Work. Focus on the work.

I managed to get the sprint outline finished by lunch. It distracted me from who I was for a full two hours. But then I looked up and saw her. She was at the front of the office, with Him. The man with the toned arms, the man with the strength I wish I had. Even his fucking tiger tattoo made me jealous. A burning feeling, bordering on rage.

What was she even doing with that asshole?

_He's the nicest guy you've ever met_

He probably beats her in private.

_You know that isn't true_

She would be happier with someone like me.

_She'd be better off with poison than she would be with you_

I went back to my scheduling, once again trying to silene the voice inside of me. 

------------------------------------

It was Friday morning. I'd taken her to fly around the pyramids last night. She hugged a camel. For some reason she was really into camels.

She was in my office. It was incredible. We rarely had an excuse to talk, but when we did, in here, in the real world, it was the best part of my day.

_She's not here because she wants to be, she's here because she needs to be_

I opened with some small talk as she adjusted herself. She was wearing her yellow sun dress. Not nearly as nice as the one I'd made for her but she still looked just as beautiful as she did in our dreams.

"So Sarah, any plans for the weekend?"

"Oh, no, not much. Sam and I are just going to visit his parents."

"Nice. So, what can I do for you?"

"We've had a breakthrough with the DoD deal. They're preparing for a tour next week, so we need to do a complete run-through of the system today. I was hoping you could help me with it?"

She showed me the paperwork. My heart fluttered. We had a potential contract with a government branch for training. Which meant in-depth testing and a complete run-through of the onboarding system to make sure everything was perfect. She was leading the deal, and she needed the lead engineer to do the walkthrough with.

We'd be dreaming together again, during the day. Thank god for big money.

I tried to remain aloof. Seeming too excited would be bad. The devices were regulated for a reason, afterall.

"Sure thing. I can clear my schedule and we can get started right away, if you like. We know how important that deal is."

She smiled at me.

_Oh god, that smile_

We went to the test chamber and started preparing. Most of the work was paperwork, confirmations, approval, etc. The device was viewed to be addictive, habit forming. It was almost impossible to use it regularly. Officially, I hadn't used it in over a year. We did all our editing in simulators, not close to the real thing but close enough.

We loaded up our profiles, strapped into the chairs, and went to sleep.

(Continued)