Carefully my hands felt the psionic pistol. I had only come into contact with something like this when I was warned of their dangers. They could deactivate the mind in a second and leave anyone, or anything, braindead.

"So, what's the job today?" I asked the small spider like bot beside me 

I had to quickly turn on my translator to understand the alien language, "The litter have run amok, I want you and your best team of humans on it."

"Whatever you say sir, but I want some pay for it."

"You know I can't keep paying you like this, if my fa-"

"If your family begins to suspect, that's fine by me. I do this for the pay, nothing else."

Over the transmission device came audible a racket of screaming. At first this had terrified me, but I had later learned it was just the alien version of a sigh.

"Alright fine. Don't know why your species is so damn selfish."

"Not all of it's bad like you're trying to make it sound, y'know."

"Yeah? Not all of it's bad? I'm addicted to a white powder,  one of my sons can't stop drinking a liquid of yours, and the emotion radiation killed my youngest daughter."

"It's not my fault you had a human help with the pregnancy " I replied, as I stood up and put the pistol against a figure in front of me, "So what's the pay?" I asked again.

"You get the last of the treasury, but after that, could you allow the returning of my master? If the supremacy know that I have no one to overlook me, than I'll fall towards an early grave, and they'll bring you, and all your team down with me."

I looked at the psionic pistol in hand, "Do you think they have machine guns like this?"

"They have bombs like those."

"Buy them, and then we'll finally meet face to face, then we're gonna talk about what you did to Earth."

The intermission went quite. The small bug machine fell towards the ground, and I swiveled the chair around to reveal blank eyes, with straps littering the thing to a human chair. There was no need to hold it down anymore. I looked at the blank eyes for just a moment, before standing up and going to check on the rest of the crew. It was almost time.