"I am the 37th Prince of the Elemira Kingdom, son of the Mad King Roedran. I have come to beseech thee, O Gods, for your blessing in earning the throne. My offering will be the deaths of my other brothers, a thousand silver pieces and a 100 gold pieces from my personal coffers, as well as a shrine in your name." 

Xioden intoned quietly at the Altar of Sanctuary, doing his best to not laugh at the absurdity of the whole process. His Ancestor, the Tyrant King had been the one to start the throne ritual. He had taken many wives in his life, some from within his kingdom and others from foreign land. And he had hated them all. So, on his deathbed, he made it a rule. Any one of his princes could take the throne after him, but they had to prove themselves in the arena. They had to fight, and kill and win. 

And though the Tyrant had been the one to start the custom, the gods did not get involved till the second time it began. There were numerous rumours regarding why this came to be but Xioden had heard from the priests of Sanctuary that this was the only way the gods could sort out their differences without having a full scale war, the last of which destroyed the old world. 

The popular gods like Zeus and Neptune would usually attach themselves to the strongest and richest princes. The average princes would get the lesser gods. And the weak princes would be lucky to get a god at all. Xioden hoped he didn't fall into that group. He didn't think he was Zeus worthy but he could at least compete with a lesser god of the heavenly pantheon. He knew his talents laid in being devious and extremely knowledgeable of the numerous aspects of the body but he had no faith in his strength. 

*Maybe a god like Loki can bless me*, Xioden couldn't help but pray. 

He continued his chant, repeating his birthright and his claim to the throne, as well as what he was planning to offer to the gods in exchange for their help. The minutes had passed by and he was beginning to feel hopeless. He could hear the mumblings of priests behind him, as well as a very obvious snickering from some of his brothers watching him. He didn't face them however, choosing to focus only on his chant.

The Altar of Sanctuary had been the only place the gods had taken to be their neutral ground. Prospects can worship any of them at that altar or ask them for assistance. The altar itself was simple enough, a short high table upon which a gold circular signet was placed. Around the table on the floor, were small red candles of incense. Atop the table, around the gold signet, were two pale candles. The order in which they were ignited were privy only to the priests.

The incense was beginning to get to Xioden as he chanted, the smell clogging up his breathing and he began to lose hope. No prince without a god had ever lived long enough to survive the first night in the arena. Most didn't even survive the first few seconds. He didn't want that to happen. He couldn't let it happen. He had promised his mother. He had promised himself. In his desperation, he added one extra line to his chant. 

"I am the 37th Prince of the Elemira Kingdom, son of the Mad King Roedran. I have come to beseech thee, O Gods, for your blessing in earning the throne. My offering will be the deaths of my other brothers, a thousand silver pieces and a 100 gold pieces from my personal coffers, as well as a shrine in your name. And should you wish it, more deaths in your name."

As the last word left Xioden's lips, he heard the priests exclaim and opened his eyes to see the smoke from the incense wrap whirl around him. It wrapped around him faster and faster, growing darker till it obscured his view. The darkness was thick and suffocating and he found himself panicking at the sight of it. Every time he tried to reach for it, or extend his hand out of it, it was like his life was getting sucked out of him. The shouts from the priests outside the dark smoke grew fainter and fainter till he couldn't hear them anymore. 

And then, out of the darkness, a face peered out. 

A skull. 

"More deaths, you say... Tell me more..." A deep voice reverberated through Xioden, like he was hearing it from every angle and from within. 

The prince nodded and then began to speak. 

---

/r/EvenAsIWrite for more stories

[Part 2 (as requested)](https://old.reddit.com/r/EvenAsIWrite/comments/9x1ekc/deathbringer_part_2/)

[Part 3 (as demanded)](https://old.reddit.com/r/EvenAsIWrite/comments/9xh7a9/deathbringer_part_3/)