Beware the false prophets, the wolves who hide in the white of sheep’s clothing. That was what my Father once said. Yet he failed to practice what he preached. He let a wolf into his home, a man who claimed to seek shelter but bathed in blood. When the wolf fled, my Father was laid to rest, a pool of water seeping from his cuts. When the police found that cold-blooded killer, the blood test confirmed what had been made clear by that night: Black. In a mere moment, a man of goodwill was gone. Naivete made my Father’s bed, and now he sleeps.

I would not make that same mistake. 

I knew the color, the character of every man I met. A handshake was an opportunity to prick a palm; a hug, a time to pierce a back. More than once, I’d see a familiar face on the nightly news: caught and convicted of murder, rape, mass shooting. Then the results of the blood test were broadcasted. And what would have been a revelation for others was yesterday’s news for me: Black. In mugshots, I’d see a bandage on their right hand, covering up the result of my own handiwork. How easy it was for a wolf to keep white his sheep’s clothing. Nobody knew what ran in their veins until too late--nobody but me.

The police are not protectors. They sweep in only once the deeds have been done, eager to play the heroes and enforce the law—the law that constitutionally prohibits preemptive blood tests before enough “evidence” is found, the law that protects the wolves, the law that has failed the dead and defiled. Retribution is the game they play, not prevention. The system is broken, inefficient, bloody.

So I volunteered. Not to enforce the law, but to enforce Justice itself, that mysterious force that decides our color by our character; I knew better than the law who was pure or black of heart. But the world had to know, too. You surely know of the crown of thorns. Our Father was once subjected to that device. Of the three on the crosses, he was the only one whose blood was clear.

Yes, you’ve seen the crowns on the dead. Have you seen any untainted by black? Of course not; I do not kill the innocent. I am the shepherd, and I protect my sheep. After I cast out the wolves, the nightly news was not tainted by fear of the criminals, but by reverence for the protector of the pure! 

Those who were less than pure flocked in fear to churches, asking Father to forgive them. They bled black.

The less theistic flocked in fear to shelters, praying that their volunteering would be penance for their prior impurity. There I met them, though they didn’t know it yet. Yes, I was a volunteer too. But I was not a wolf in sheep’s clothing as these new volunteers were; I cared for the needy, not out of fear of the color of my blood, but because I cared!

That’s how the officers traced me: the murders of the false volunteers. They traced their deaths to a shelter—my shelter. I was caught black-handed, pricked by my own needle knitting winter wear. A noble goal stopped in its tracks.

You surely understand, executioner. You kill the black-blooded too. But not to protect the pure—No, your aim is to “uphold the law.” How noble. So before you throw that lever, executioner, my last words:

Do you bleed blacker than I?
