The ancient tower of rock stood as a monument of ancient times, old home of the Scourge M’Thalia, supposed resting place of a living dragon. As opposed to a dead one. This room was boring. The only object of significance was the Old Throne, abandoned here as the True Throne sat in the Castle of M’Thias, the brother of the figure sitting on the throne here, who emitted a sense of boredom on her face.

“Bored.”

She was bored.

It wasn’t anybody’s fault, she just decided that the whole “I’m a princess captured by this dragon” joke went too far. Everybody knew that G’Lathia had a pet dragon, right?

“WHERE IS THE FIEND?!” echoed a voice, the voice of an inexperienced man.

Oh. Yeah, some people thought it was serious. It wasn’t even a good fight between whoever came and Dral, since the only people who didn’t realise she had a pet dragon were people who hadn’t been knights for long. Something about potential war with the Southern Isles or whatever, she didn’t care.

A man barged through the doors, shiny armour new to the world of reality, demanding to fight a dragon.

“I would slay this fiend for thee and gain your hand in marriage, your magnificence is beyond me. Your eyes are like an ocean, and you are-.”

“She’s not here. Out getting something for me. Besides, why would I marry you? Do you have any land of your own?”

“I don’t under-”

“Do you have money? Power?”

“That’s wh-”

“Are you a powerful mage who can teach me better magic?”

“Why would I be a-”


“Has M’Thias finally met his threat and sent someone to take care of me while he does his ruling thing to ensure I don’t mess with him?”

“No I’m here to slay the monster keeping you trapped here? What are you-”

“Do I look trapped? Could I just walk out of this castle and remain unharmed?”

“You’re a princess. You will be saved from the dragon, whether you like it or not.”

“Now you listen carefully, boy.” She said, standing at the open hole in the wall, probably from when the Frost Cyclops wanted a bite of the kingdom, making small hand movements, that the noble knight couldn’t see, that forged a simple spell that shot away. “I am not some innocent damsel who needs saving just because I am a princess. Do you even know my name?”

“You are… er.” The Knight hesitated for a moment, attempting to put a coherant thought together with such a person in front of him. God, she was angry. And why was the wind picking up?

“I am G’Lathia Moonspeaker, Princess of the Nine Realms, witness of the Battle of Greesha Moole, Leader of the Drakonian Tribe, Governor of T’Yall, Mother of Dragons,” She stepped back, out of the tower and fell down the side of the castle.

The unknowing knight rushed down to the hole in the wall, and peered down.

“AND YOU DO NOT PISS OFF THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS.” G’Lathia roared as she rose, standing proudly on the Dragon that swooped down, the apparent keeper of the Princess, red-eyed creature of greed and hunger, scales shining in the sun, and alive. The creature’s throat burned a searing white heat as it shot a breath of fire at the intruder before firing itself away from the tower.

And then the dragon returned.

“And my eyes are green. Either you were a peasant who wasn’t taught colours right, your incompetence reaches beyond your senses, or you were so distracted with the thoughts of a beautiful princess in your arms calling you her saviour or whatthefuckever to notice things like the colour of a person’s eyes.”

Then the dragon left, leaving the man bewildered.

“M’Klaa’s going to kill me for this.” he muttered.

----

*Why did you do that again? Do you need the mind mage to fix you again, because I will send you back to him.*

“It was cool! Jumping out and getting picked up by a dragon, meant to put an appearance. Hopefully he’ll spread the message to not try to save me. You could have been faster. Nearly died there!”

*You could have been faster with that magic signal! Let me guess, another Knight wanting to kill me to save you from the horror of the only thing that looked after her for the past month.*

“Yeah. Maybe I shouldn’t live in the abandoned tower with all that gold. Maybe we should move.”

*No no i like it there please don’t move i’ll do anything please let me sleep on the lovely gold.*

“I’m joking! I wouldn’t move from that place. But I do need to make myself known to everyone… Make it clear I don’t need saving from my own pet.”

G’Lathia thought for a moment.

“Dral, change of plan. Take me close to a nearby city, and wait for my signal.” 
