    They say history repeats it's self but what if the same event was conducted by the same people? In 1884 twins were born and in 1904 both their mother and father had passed at the ages of 42 and 47 from a fatal heart disease that they were both diagnosed with, the brothers thought they would soon die of this same disease but it was already 1993 when they  realized that they were both alive and well with the physical health and appearance of 30 year old men. Having fought in both world wars they had many stories to tell, but they kept to themselves. The boys were named Arnold and Dillan, both American.
Arnold and Dillan had nothing to do with their gift, so they spent countless hours at the gym, getting buff and having massive muscles, but knowing that people would catch on that the same people were going to the same gym for 10+ years withouit changing. They decided to travel the world, getting fat and then working all the fat off to crown themselves and break the records for strongest men/largest muscles. 
They would fake their deaths under the pretenses of a accident or the same heart disease the killed their parents. But Arnold was always stronger and larger than Dillan. By that time it was 2944 and Arnold had over 300 awards. Dillan decides to investigate why Arnold always has the advantage and he confronts Arnold and asks him "Why is it that you are always just a small bit above me, whether you can lift heavier or your muscles are just a bit larger, why? What makes you and I so different if we have the same schedule and the same diets and the same everything?" Arnold replies quickly with "maybe it's something with our bodies and the chemicals and proteins and such." Dillan comes to terms with Arnold reasoning after a few days and decides to copy Arnold and shadow him perfectly. Another 200 years pass and Arnold still had the edge over Dillan. Confused, Dillan confronts Arnold once again asking the same question and Arnold thought it was time to tell Dillan the truth.
Arnold told Dillan the truth "For the past 2,000 years, after all the things we have done, I have been giving you weights 10 pounds less than mine, ever since the beginning." Dillan was furious and made Arnold swear to never make his weights 10 pounds lighter ever again. Arnold swore on his father's honor. Dillan could trust his brother again,and because Dillian's forgiving nature he didn't hold a grudge or try to enact some sort of revenge.
Arnold thought to himself after this ordeal, questioning if what he did was right. Arnold then remembered what he had swore. Arnold then had the brilliant idea. For the next 3,000 years, Arnold made Dillan's weights 20 pounds lighter.
    