This is world is suposed to be full of the most dangerous prisoners to ever walk on our planet, they are everywhere, good any of them recognize me as an Agent of the real world...

Taking a plane to the place I am supposed to go, South America, Corruption is the word to describe all the criminals in that place, murderers everywhere, was a dangerous place on real world, It's even worst in this tiny earth... 

Just arrived in the airport and they already asked me my reasons to be here, Don't look like the type of criminal that is sended here...

I see a guy with a red hat and for the first time I know who to talk to since I arrived to this place...

"I know this is the place where *He* rules, so take me with him, I need to talk to him"

The guy stares at me with a killing eye, this guy looks like he could lead people to kill thousands of innocents... Surely he is here for a reason.

"Why should I do that, who are you?, and what are your business with *him*"

"That's none of your business, I'm here because I have information he may want to see, surely you, General, would like to know as well, but first, I need to speak to *him*"

Then I handle a letter to the General with my reasons to be there, not telling him who I am, but for sure he's now interested in me talking to *him*

"So you can help him scape this place, if that's so, we'll need to take another plane, as he's no longer in here, he knows more than what you think, we need to go to that island."

He pointed a map and I wasn't surprised the place he was pointing at...

We took a plane and arrived the Habana, he leaded the way until we arrived a big building with many rebels on military uniforms, that's when I knew things were going to get bad.

The thing is, I had to give this guy a letter and get some information from him, this was all planned by the New World Order, this guy was capable of getting in people minds, make them starve to dead, and even start a war inside a country, this guy was pure Evil.

The General stoped at a Door and told me.

"Once you go inside, you may not go outside in one piece"

"I know, but what I have for him, will make him come outside with me."

I went inside and took a last glance at the General and said...

"You have nothing to worry About... Padrino López..."

The door shut behind me and there was him, in front of me, sitting, with two heavy armed rebels at his side.

"I have been told you have information for me, Spit it out before my *guards* take you out of this place"

I looked at the guards and understood why nobody checked if I had weapons with me, with the amount of kevlar *he* was using, I was going to need something I couldn't hide easily...

"The New World Order has a plan to change this entire place... Prisons where a expense to the government, but now, someone has come with the Idea that, if there isn't enough place for you all in a prison, Surely underground there is..."

"So they are going to kill and bury us all?"

"In this world, all they have to do, is throw the ball to water, and you all will drown"

"But you're here for a reason, and you looked for me, Here I am"

"What the New World Order wants from you, are your capabilities of convincing people, we need you, to do what you're good at, Lie."

The guy smiled at me and I gave him the letter...

"So what do you say... Will you help us?... Chávez?"

EDIT: Formatting