----------------------------------------------

Y'know, I don't remember learning that Darth Vader was Luke's father. It's just been always something I've *known*. Like a primal thing. Obviously that's ridiculous - I just saw the movie at a very young age, and don't have that memory any longer. But it still feels that way.

It's the same thing with Jane. I don't remember who first told me that we couldn't meet. I don't remember when I was told. It's just always something I've *known*. We were each scientific flukes. Pulled from the depths of some crazy scientist's lab. Each infected with a virus segment stuck into our DNA that, if ever combined, would create an airborne super virus.

Yeah, crazy, right? A lot of people said that we should've been killed. That it was too risky. That our isolation pods could have failed while they were pulling us out. Needless risk. I mean, I get it. I'm glad they didn't, but I would've understood.

Well, not *kid* me. Me *now*. Though I guess me now wouldn't have the capacity to understand it if... Sorry, rambling.

The government decided to try to help us lead normal lives. They couldn't find our real parents, though many couples with kidnapped babies came forward for genetic tests. No dice. So we were placed with foster families, each in contact with the other so that they'd never accidentally vacation in the same place at the same time.

Almost happened once, y'know. Nah, nobody would report the story for fear of inciting a panic, but no lie. Dad booked tickets for us to vacation in Hawaii while Jane and her family were in Acapulco. Only we were all transferring flights in LA. Same terminal, even. Missed each other by like two hours. When Ma found out, God. Her eyes were, like, *dinner plate* sized.

As I got older, my parents decided I needed to be in charge of tracking Jane. That's what we always called it, like it was a TV show. Tracking Jane. They thought it would help me own it, keep me grounded. It worked, I guess. Her parents had similar thoughts.

So every year from age 10 on up I'd get a picture of her, an itinerary. In Texas on these dates, Virginia on these. Lives at such and such address. It was all so very normal. Like getting a Christmas card from a cousin, only with *apocalyptic* implications.

I don't know when I started falling for her. I guess probably late teens? There were other girls, obviously. Some who knew what - sorry, *who* I was. Ma hates it when I talk about myself like I'm a thing. They liked the danger. The girls, that is. Not... ugh, sorry.

Anyway, late teens. Started framing pictures of Jane when they came in. Stopped treating them like warnings, and more like updates. I mean, what wasn't there to love? She was always so gorgeous - every photo had her looking almost like a model, putting the ratty, devil-may-care outfits I wore in my photos to shame. And God, *vivacious*. It seemed at times like she never *stopped* traveling, she had so many activities she was wrapped up in. Rock climbing, some kinda international model UN thing. And when she started applying for colleges, man. I got a list of every place she was trying to go, just in case. Took up, like, two sheets of paper.

I knew what it meant, my feeling something for her. Knew how impossible, how foolish it was. I always tried to keep our conversations curt so I couldn't catch feelings too hard. But it was the internet age, y'know? Get on Skype to talk to somebody else, and there she was, popping up. I couldn't just *ignore* her, what if it was something important? Of course it never was. What, was I going to hear that she was on a bus somehow incidentally careening towards my house? Get a grip, right?

So... we talked. A lot. She was there when I broke up with my first girlfriend, there when Mom died. There when I got into college after a rather embarrassing gap year spent trying to be a rock star. There when I  graduated. Never physically, but always in a way that made her presence felt.

No, no, I don't think she knew. I mean, I've never told her. Figured the feelings would go away in time. Of course we still talk, so they haven't gone anywhere, but I'm nothing if not an optimist.

Of course I think about telling her, from time to time. But how would that be fair? "Oh hey and by the way, we should get together and risk a world-ending apocalyptic disease because I think you're pretty and I would rather talk to you than anybody else." Besides, girl like that and a guy like me? Doesn't happen outside the movies.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

Of course I knew. While he was still trying to figure out the coolest way to destroy an ant hill, I was getting thrashed about by the onset of puberty. You must understand, girls at that age - there was always a romance to it all. *Forbidden love*. I always thought it was a bit ridiculous when I was younger, but I had no shortage of friends who thought it simply the most tragic romance to ever come to pass. A real modern day Romeo and Juliet.

So it was always a thought in the back of my mind. A silly story or a romantic inevitability, depending on my mood. And when it started to become real... I felt it too, probably before Michael did. It's embarrassing to think about now, but he always had this 'dashing highwayman' air to him. Always playing the bad boy in the photos he sent me. I can't imagine it was intentional on his part, but he really was my type. There's a certain *je ne sais quois* about a boy throwing expectation to the wind.

And when he started to develop his feelings for me more fully, it became painfully clear. I'm tempted to tease him later for thinking it was subtle. We lived in time zones four hours apart, how could he not think I'd fail to note that he was staying up til almost dawn his time just to keep me company til I was ready for bed? I mean, honestly. But it was so endearing, I couldn't bring myself to ask him to stop.

It was hardest in college. We had to get special permission from the government for college, did you know that? Wanted to go to schools less than 300 miles apart. Football rivals that played once a year. There were many *many* concerns, and even more paperwork.

The temptation was often there, to go and see him. Knowing that amidst the stress of school and the chaos of maturing that I could, if I wanted, slip away to see him. Share a kiss and doom the world. I suppose it was fortunate that we had federal agents posted to ensure we never got too close. Now *that* might honestly have been the worst of it. Nothing kills a girl's dating life quite like having the FBI hovering on the other side of the door.

Not that any of it has gotten easier in years since. We still talk, of course, and often. I don't know why I haven't forced myself to stop. I suppose it's still that young girl within me, reveling in just how deliciously tragic it all is. To be so separated from one so deeply loved, and yet so thoroughly intertwined.

I can't tell him, of course, and I hope you'll keep some of this between us. He... I don't think Michael would hesitate to come running. It's just who he is. And I'm not sure I'd try to stop him.

Heartbreak is a small sacrifice, no? One woman's heart for the world's health. A pittance, however unbearable the burden.

--------------------------------------------------

*Excerpts from the forthcoming documentary 'The Cure: Reuniting Jane and Michael', coming to a theater near you this fall*