I had finally completed the prototype at the behest of my benefactor. 

We had met at Expo 2000 in Hanover at which time we found that we had a similar background in particle physics and quickly became great friends. 

At the time I had just completed my PhD in quantum mechanics at the University of Chicago, while he was on the board at Oxford, impressive for someone who seemed so young. I had been traveling Europe after completing my education and Hanover was my last stop before heading back to Chicago to begin my quest for tenure. 

We bumped into one another at a presentation where a poor undergrad was trying to answer questions about the Atlas detector that was under construction at CERN. 

"But the detection of the Higgs Boson would simply confirm mathematical models that are decades old, why isn't the search for dark matter given a higher priority" Demanded a particularly robust woman from MIT according to her name tag. All questions better suited for administration.

"I'd rather prove if the speed of light is indeed constant as Einstein suggested". I whispered to my self. 

"Oh? and why does that interest you so?" asked the sharply dressed man beside me, no more than a few years older than myself. He had a humorous glint in his eye like he knew a joke and was about to deliver the punchline. I figured he must have over heard my mutterings. 

"Oh, I just completed my doctorate exploring the current state of research on the effects of time and gravity. According to Einstein, it's not time that is constant but the speed of light, so in theory time is flexible". He nodded as though he was agreeing with me, still with that mischievous look in his eye. 

"My name is Wesley, Wesley Shaw" he said extending his hand to me. "Brian, Brian Williams", I answered a little hesitantly. There was nothing off putting about Wesley, to the contrary he was treating me like an old friend which in a way is a little off putting coming from a stranger. But over the course of the weekend we quickly became very good friends and thus began my collaboration with Mr. Shaw.  

