The silent shapes, covered in flowing robes, glided into the moonlit clearing. Tree branches stretched toward the bright stars above, and a chilling July wind whistled through the forest and rattled the leaves. Each of the 11 figures took their assigned spots to form a circle in the clearing. One by one they removed their heavy robes revealing jean jackets and plaid shirts underneath. But one spot remained empty.

“Where’s Jack?” Karen asked. From her robe, she removed a bouquet of maple leaves and brought them into the center of the circle. She created a small hole in the ever-present layer of snow, and set the leaves inside.

“Not sure,” Andrew answered as he stepped forward to place the portrait of the Queen in the middle. “He’ll be here soon, though. It would be rude to be late.” Everyone agreed with that statement.

Each member of the group stepped forward and placed an item on the pile. Every one that was required for the ritual was uniquely Canadian: a two-four of Canada’s best beers, some Tim Horton’s coffee, a Leafs jersey… etc. But Jack was tasked with bringing the most important offering of all: the maple syrup. Without that… well, no one liked to talk about what would happen.

A loud **HONK** broke the silence. Then another, and another, until the whole forest seemed to be filled with the sound. Dark shapes soared overhead, blotting out the stars as they passed. The flying V formation passed in front of the full moon, then circled over the clearing and came in for a landing. It was a flock of beautiful Canadian geese with the distinctive brown feathers, black necks and heads, and just a splotch of white on their cheeks. Dave, who had just finished depositing his lacrosse stick on the pile, hadn’t quite made it back to his spot in the circle. One of the geese spread its wings, tried to bite him, and hissed until Dave was a safe distance away and had uttered a dozen apologies.

The geese formed up around the pile of items; they knew their part in the ritual. But even *they* could already sense something was wrong. One of them leaned in close to the pile, then looked back at the humans. It knew the syrup was missing. 

“Should we just get started?” Karen asked. “I mean, maybe it wouldn’t be…”

“SORRY!” A voice called through the trees, followed shortly by the crashing sounds of Jack running through the trees. He emerged into the clearing holding the glass bottle in his hand, full of the precious amber liquid that they needed. “So sorry! I had trouble driving through the snow!”

Andrew and Tom exchanged a look. *Amateur*, they both thought. *Should’ve never trusted a Nova Scotian with the most important part of the ritual*. Neither would ever dare say something so impolite out loud. But at least he was here now; problem solved. 

“No problem, Jack. Sorry you had difficulties." Sarah told him. “Just go ahead and put the syrup on the pyre and we can get started.”

He stepped forward and opened the bottle, dribbling maple syrup all over the other items being offered up. The whole thing began to glow, and then burst into flickering purple flames. The geese began to honk, and around the circle each of them began to chant, alternating between both English and French.

But something was wrong. The purple flames flickered over the items arranged in the center, and then turned a nasty greenish color. The geese all flared their wings and retreated, which caused the humans to run away to avoid being bitten for being too close. The fires died, leaving the offering unconsumed. 

“Jack,” Karen growled in a tone that none of them had heard in ages. It was a biting tone: a dam holding back a flood of anger. “*Please* tell me that you used *real* maple syrup.” As she spoke, one of the geese came and nuzzled up next to her, asking to be petted. Like it had a soul or something! 

Jack checked the bottle. The clearing was *deathly* silent. Even the bone-slicing wind stopped, awaiting his answer. 

“It… uhh…” he cleared his throat and looked around, not wanting to make eye contact with anyone. “It’s... well… I think I grabbed the wrong bottle…”

“IS IT MAPLE SYRUP OR NOT, JACK?” Karen roared.

“It’s artificial,” he whispered.

Karen’s scream of primal rage echoed through the trees, and the terrified geese fled into the sky. 

---

For more stories, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell!
