The bar on the edge of reality, or Id's, as it's affectionately called by customers, doesn't have a sign on the outside. In fact, for as long as I've been here, I've never been quite sure it has an outside. The inside, on the other hand, has a certain ethereal charm that never quite gets old, probably literally. Its patrons include all sorts, from astral nightmares that live in the far reaches of universal consciousness to cosmic beings barely comprehensible to the human mind, elder gods and a few of the more shady newer ones as well. Regulars include archons during what would be the equivalent of their lunch break and demons looking to blow off some steam. Hell, the watering hole is even a favorite haunt of several underworld celebrities, like Cthulhu, who knows me by name now, even though I myself can't seem to remember it. You could say it's a second lair for many an eldritch entity, a place for when you want to go where everyone knows your true name, but adheres to the unspoken rule never to say it.


 The bar, my constant dwelling, sits opposite the misty portal that serves as the entrance. It's made of dark matter, which completely absorbs any light that reaches it. This creates an effect that makes the glasses and bottles resting on it look like they're floating on nothingness itself. But it's sturdy as any mahogany. I know because I tend to lean on it as I let the patrons spill out their problems or tell me the story of their existence. The bar goes on for as long as it needs to accommodate all of the guests who want to belly up to it, hover at it, attach to it, or what have you. Yet, there's always an empty seat at the end. The taps and shelves behind it seem endless and when I first started here, I thought I'd never be keep up with everything. But in no time, slinging shots and pouring pints for the impure, somehow became second nature to me. The drinks, both those coming from the tap and out of bottles, are of an infinite variety of viscosity and color. Some are as thick as an Old One's blood, and crawl out the tap slower than a lich leech, while others are as ephemeral as a will-o'-the-wisp and float right out the bottle as soon as it's uncorked, but still somehow find their way to the glass. Some are as dark as the bar itself, while others blaze like the eternal flames of Inferno. I've never had to replace a keg or reshelf a bottle; somehow there's always enough to keep every patron at least placated. 

The bar always seems to stay half-empty, even when it seems like half a lower dimension decided to drop by all at once. The walls are transparent, yet somehow hard as steel. I've always speculated that they were made of crystalized space-time but that's just my harebrained theory. I really a have no idea. Through them, you can see the stars, nebulas and galaxies of a multitude of universes, and witness the occasional heat death of one. The ceiling is the same, except for a blindingly bright morphing light that kaleidoscopes into an endless variety of mind-bending shapes, which seem to me to have little regard for the rules of geometry. Though this light is as luminous as a sun, it seems to be purely decorative, as it doesn't actually illuminate the bar at all. Instead, hovering red orbs of ethereal red flame float around providing ambient lighting. The orbs, however, avoid the booths at the corner, where customers who are seeking solitude or more intimacy with a companion, whether corporal or not, tend to gravitate. The tables and chairs are made of a substance that looks like a cross between coral and driftwood and indeed some drift across the floor when unoccupied. The floor looks like worn hardwood though I suspect it to be riddled with black holes, as anything that falls on it is never seen again; kind of like any semblance of my old life, which I barely remember.

Since I started this job, I've been able to understand and communicate with every chatty chimera and sulky spirit, whether they speak a language older than the Earth itself, gesture with tentacles or gab using gravity waves. I always know the right advice to give when they ask for it too, whether it has to do with the best use of eternity or how to choose between wallowing in the depths of the abyss and reigning terror on a small town when having a free century. My clientele confide their deepest fears and highest aspirations. A demonic tequila drinker once confessed to me that her greatest fear is kittens, ever since feline guardians caught her trying to sneak into an underworld club under Cairo. "Their claws were so tiny; they looked almost harmless at first sight. But they shred me into so many pieces, it took me half a century to properly put myself back together," her black eyes darted back and forth and her horns seemed to stand up a little straighter as she recounted the experience. An archon once revealed to me that he administered his world in a way that ensures all its denizens have tortured lives only because he wanted everyone to be brilliant artists. "As I'm sure you know, nothing inspires great works better than trauma," he explained, as he stared into the back rifts between the stars his compound eyes. I've listened to the stories about everything from the birth of worlds from primal depths to the apocalyptic demise of intergalactic empires. I've been told of passionate astral affairs that made waves across the cosmos, as well as epic battles between towering titans. I've even seen a few play out in front of me. I've had to console desolate lost shadow beings as they break down over their endless lonely wandering, and gather the courage to cutoff belligerent behemoth  hell beings when they start to get rowdy. On more than a few occasions, I've had to fend off randy succubi or incubi. It's all part of a day or night's work, even though both have little meaning here. 

I was given this job as reward for a favor I did a very ancient power, sort of on whim. Considering the manners of some of the clientele and the fact that I can never leave, I sometimes think it was more of a practical joke at my expense than recompense. But then I think of the stories I've heard and the things I've seen, and I wouldn't trade it for a whole world. 

