"Marius." Lilac said in a hush as she ushered her spouse awake.

"Hmm? What is it?" Marius said stretching the aches and pops out of his stiff husky form. "Do we need more firewood?" He said with a strained voice from his contorted position. But he prayed that wasn't the case. It was already late in the evening and the coldest ice came at this time. He always stocked up for three days in advance. Always. Ever since they swept across these lands under Lord Eisliers' banner. When he cast the sun away and brought the never ending winter. He saw what the cold had done to people who weren't prepared for it. Hell, he had barley made it through those cold nights. The armor didn't help and with one glance at his blackened digits he remember that not all of him had.

"No, my dear, we are stocked as usual." She said giving a pathetic smile. She looked toward the roaring fire. She was shaking, oddly so considering the warmth Lynchwood put out, but as the light hit her face Marius saw the shine of her tears crawl from her eyes.

"It has to do with Lucien." She said with a weak and barley audible tone. He tremors became earthquakes that rocked her body. And her hands shook more violently than he had ever seen from his wife.

"What is it my flower?" Marius said clasping her hands to settle them. She broke her hands free from their entanglement and began to bite her index finger.

"He...Gods, damn it why him Marius? He is a good boy! She whispered as loudly as possible before it could become detectable by unwanted ears. Not even Lilac, a bard by trade, had words for what she had to share. 

"Lilac." He said only her name. But when their eyes met they share an entire conversation of the past. Her puffy red eyes sang the song her throat could not. His wife had been one of their spy masters. Or better known as the main torturers to the Overlord. And she was reduced to tears. Marius ran threw his mind and delved through all the possible horrors that he could think would incite such reactions from her. Did he join the local gang? Become a Enforcer for the horrid man he had worked for? Encite a riot? And for a moment everything in the world stopped as the wave of clarity crashed upon his mind.

Marius released his wife and began to rush to his son's room. Praying to any God that would still listen. He had been apart of some atrocious acts. He fought for ideals that weren't his and help stomp out good people. But please anything but this. Rounding the tiny corner so fast that he lost his footing and slipping into the small hallway table. Cursing and shouting for his son, Marius recovered frantically reached his son's door. He stumped up gaining his composure and fiddled with the handle desperately until the door gave way it his full body crashing through the frame. "Lucien!" And gazed his eyes upon his son's dimly lit room. 

Nothing. All the same as it had been. No specters of an awful past, no horrors. Just nothing but his son reading his booking under a small candle. He looked to him with excited eyes. 

"Daddy! Have you come to read with me?" He said with a wide smile. Marius gave a large sigh of relief and felt the worry melt away from his heart. Because one look at his hands and he could see they were clean of any doubt he might have had. They always showed on the hands and his son's were as bare as when he was born.

"Not tonight buddy. I think we should just get our rest." Marius said giving his son his weak smile.

"Oh fine." Lucien said giving a huff of annoyance. Marius snuck forward and gave him a great embrace. And held his son tight as if to eliminate any space for worry to exist between them.

"Make no mistake. I love you more than you could ever know. But tonight is a night for sleep. Your mother and I need it, trust me."

Lucien looked down to with bashful eyes. He looked like he had been caught with his hand in the honey jar. Marius couldn't help but laugh. 

"Look, if you snuggle up real tight in your covers then I will bring you a piece of your Mother's sweet bread."

Lucien's eyes lit up like the all the stars across the three heavens and rabidly agreed. "Thank you, father." He said giving him another hug. Marius gave a warm smile. He had been hasty. Lilac probably was worried about something more manageable. Something less life or death.

He pulled away and gave his son a content ruffle of his hair. "I will be back in a moment, but remember, you have to get snuggled up real tight." Lucien eyes widened for a moment and corrected his behavior to meet the prerequisites for his treat. And turned his back to his door. And as Marius saw him readjust the blanket to get "cozy" he saw it. It was like a faint tattoo that scaled across his son's back. A mark that hadn't been there the night before. It's pale blue color, near translucent, painting a shield with a sword present on top of it. The cross guard was adorned with two scales. Empty, but ready for the burden of responsibility.

A mark of a God. A pure embodiment of destiny and power.  He knew them well. It was just like the marks he had to hunt down and slaughter in the name of purity. The marks were always varied but they had that same ominous glow about them. But never this large, never so empowered, never had they been this...

Strong.

Marius felt the rise of butterflies in his stomach and chill in his heart. He was nauseous, nervous, anxious, and terrified all within the span of seconds. Walking out of his son's room into the hallway he saw a single piece of cloth sitting on the ground after being thrown from the table Marius tossed. He picked it up. He knew what this meant for his boy. He knew what this meant for his family. And for the first time in eight years since the first flakes fell he felt freezing cold sweat begin to tumble down his temple. He grabbed the cloth, smothering himself, and began to weep.


 