I did the calculations. Lots of math, lots of weather-watching, and lots of not-particularly-legal blueprint-searching. I'd spent years - no, decades, now - searching for the perfect moment, the perfect timing for everything to come together in one grand display.

And that moment was *now*.

Well, not *now* now. Thursday, two and a half days from now. I had plenty of time to prepare. I grabbed my coveralls, slipped on a fake name badge, and climbed into the utility truck I had, uh, acquired. As I drove, I thought over my plan...

As civilization had expanded, so had their need for power. First it was power stations for cities, then for counties, then whole states. Now, the whole grid was linked. And if you screwed up a station here and a station there, you could start a whole chain reaction. This station goes down, so that station takes over, but it can't handle the sudden load, so it goes down too. If you take 'em out in the right order, they don't even have time to signal the other stations. Better yet, some of the stations overcompensate; they ramp up power, then have no place to dump it, and end up taking out other power stations. It's like a complicated ballet, only the dancers are caring handguns and C4. Lots of C4.

Did I mention I may also have planted some devices of specific destruction?

So yeah. I'm going to turn the stars back on.

The sky is like a one-way mirror; it lets light through, but if you have too much light on your side, it looks like it just reflects it all. These days, all the fancy city lights drown out the stars. I haven't seen stars since I was a kid, and that wasn't any time recent. But kids these days... they're going to get a treat.

---

Two days of prep. I didn't even need half of that; I was ready to go. Today, it was clear over 90% of the country. Perfect star watching weather.

I sat back in my truck, just another guy in coveralls, and pushed the button. Click. Such a small noise, and yet...

The Main Street Station went first, just so I could see the other lights going out. I watched as a tidal wave of darkness spread out over the city; occasionally, lights would flare back up, then go dark as their backup generators went offline again. They'll figure out it was a virus in a couple days. Probably.

For a moment, I smiled into the darkness, then closed my eyes and tilted up my head. The first view of stars people hadn't seen in half a century... I sighed, happily, as I let my eyes drift open...

The stars glimmered in the darkness. There was... uh... hmm.

I searched for familiar stars, but came up empty; I couldn't even find the Big Dipper! Confused, I craned my neck; where was the silvery band of the Milky Way? The familiar figures of the zodiac? What... what was going on?

The stars were wrong. The stars...

*Where am I?*