   I suppose it was time to disappear again. I didn't think they would notice so quickly, but over the eons men have become more nervous, more aware. I sat and wondered what new moniker would befall my person when I just vanished again.

   It had started so long ago I hardly remember the beginning. Always the same story. I would kill. I would get caught. I would be brought to justice by those who served the slain. And I would die.  At least I let them think so.

   So now I sat behind iron, bound in irons, waiting on the same inevitable judgement. 

Ive never been an average immortal. I mean yes, I can't die, but I do a great job of faking it. I've learned the art of patience in regeneration.  Learned to let them destroy my body, to wait until they are sure I'm dead, and yet somehow my body alway disappears on the way to the cemetary or the crematorium. Only because digging my way out is so tedious, and regenerating from ash takes quite a while. 

   "So, Mr. Temohpab, do you have a last meal request? " 

   "Just Tem, everyone calls me Tem. And I guess I would enjoy a nice piece of fried catfish. Always loved fried catfish. Some tartar sauce..side of rice and corn on the cob."

   "Ok, no problem" Nick had been watching me on the row for a good ten years, never asking anything, never cruel or unreasonable, and he seemed uneasy that my turn had come at last. "How long have you been on the row, Tem?" I figured there was no harm in answering. There never was.

   "Oh, I was here for a few years before you arrived. Three or four I suppose. Hard to keep good track of time in here..." I trailed off.

   "Can I ask you a question?" Good old Nick. I had figured this moment would come and I was ready with a reply.

   "Go for it" I said and shrugged, the irons clanking lightly at the subtle movement.

   "Well," he began "I dont mean to sound stupid or anything, but are you going to die? I've been coming to your cell for a decade or so, bringing food, making small talk and the like, and not once have you seemed worried or upset or regretful or anything..." his words faded out in almost the same manner mine had moments before.

   "Well, I am on death row."

   "No!" Nicks voice dropped to a harsh whisper. "I know I'm not the smartest man around, but you dont seem worried, you dont have a damn wrinkle or gray hair, you never seem to need to shave or need your hair cut. You never get sick or hurt . Shit, I'm not even sure if you actually eat." His voice had grown louder as he continued. "Every single person in this shit hole has been getting older, except you!" This last exclamation came out as nearly a shout.

   "Keep it down, Nick," I replied softly. "No need to get excited" I attempted a calming gesture, but was thwarted by the irons again. 

   "Just tell me the truth," Nick said, his voice a controlled whisper again, "I've alway been fair. I deserve the truth."

   I thought for a moment on this. He was right about that. He had never judged me for the murders I had commited, the systematic killing of evil bastards who had preyed on the innocent in the most horrendous of ways. He had offered conversation and compassion, the closest thing to friendship I had known in centuries. He deserved the truth. Maybe he deserved more.

   "Yes, Nick, I am going to die," his eyes took on a light of incredulous disbelief as I continued, "but not the same way most people do. The injection will work. All of my organs will fail, my heart will stop,  and my brain will cease to function. But I wont be gone" Nick's face took on a glimmer of shock at this revelation. "When they take me out of here, when I am a safe distance away, I will choose to restart my body and simply leave at the time I deem best."

   "Son of a bitch" he breathed. 

   "And when I do" I continued "I will assume a new name and continue the work I have done for thousands of years. Cleaning the evil from the earth, with no mercy or remorse. It's just what I do." Again I shrugged. Again the iron clinked.

   Nick breathed out heavily at this, though in his eyes I saw relief. "What can I do to help" he asked.

"Let it happen" I said.