I knew from the moment I walked into the office that the whole thing was designed to look impressive, and the thing was, it worked. There was a freakin' waterfall behind the receptionist, and columns - ionic, maybe? - flanked her desk. The dark marble floor was so polished I probably could've used it to shave. I'm not a small man, but I certainly felt it when I came in. 

The aforementioned receptionist was so attractive it almost made me mad. Her skin was a smooth caramel color, and her hair fell past shoulders like a river of dark honey. In another place, I would've been sure her impossibly blue eyes were the result of color contacts, but in a place like this, "impossible" wasn't a word that had much meaning. The turquoise irises fixed on me and she gave me a smile that made my insides stop working right. 

"Good morning, welcome to Rigetti and Associates, how may I help you?" 

I smiled blankly at her. Her expression remained fixed, not showing a trace of annoyance or irritation. "Good morning," she began again. "Do you have an appointment with a member of our staff? *Sir*?" 

I blinked, then nodded slowly. "I, uh...'m here da seemiss raggedo." My tongue seemed to be taking a cue from my stomach, both of which seemed to be moving in strange and uncomfortable ways. My lips were suddenly dry, and I licked them, then worried that it might be misconstrued as some sort of pathetic advance. 

The receptionist, however, was unfazed, and did not take her eyes off of me. "Yes, good morning, Mr. Wintersbottom. Your appointment will begin in two minutes. Please have a seat." She hesitated, and when I did not move, she made an elaborate gesture to the cherry wood chairs lining the wall of the waiting area. 

I swallowed and attempted to say thank you and ended up just squeaking at her. I took my seat and spent the time doing everything I could to avoid looking anywhere near her. Soon, I heard the sound of shoes tapping on the tile, and a shadow blocked the recessed lighting above. 

I looked up. An imposing silhouette was looming over me. It spoke in a voice that was pleasant but cool: "Good morning, Mr. Wintersbottom. Please follow me." 

I counted tiles between the reception area and Ms. Regetti's office. 213, give or take. Her workplace was larger than many one-bedroom apartments, and she invited me to sit on a leather couch in front of a stone coffee table. In my peripheral vision, I noticed Ms. Regetti sit in an office chair across from me. Finally, I raised my gaze. 

Immediately, I knew two things: I had made the right choice in coming, and I never wanted to get on her bad side. Ms. Regetti had the bearing of an...I don't know, an Empress, or something. Something about the angle of her head, like her chin was accusing people of something wherever she looked. Her red hair was pulled up into a topknot, held there by gleaming ornamental pin. Her dark eyes were watching me, studying me, and I felt sudden sympathy for the mice that my cat likes to prowl after. 

Silence. It took me longer than I should have to realize that I should get things started. I cleared my throat. "Ah, yes, good...um." What the hell was wrong with me? "Morning. Good morning." I glanced at my bag, which I had set down next to me, then back at the attorney. "I, uh, was here for thefreeconsultation." I sped up at the end of the sentence, mostly because I sensed a point at which I could stop talking and wanted to get there as quickly as possible.

Ms. Regetti did not respond immediately. Her eyes flicked, momentarily, to my backpack, crumpled on the couch, then back to me. "Have you at this point had a conversation of *any* nature with the entity or entities in question?" 

I began shaking my head, really wanted to say no, but realized that was not true. "Uh, I mean, well, yes."

Her stoic, imperious expression did not change, but she shifted her gaze to the right and gave a nod. I started. The receptionist was sitting in a chair next to us and had a legal pad braced against her right leg, which was crossed over her left. Had she followed us in? I was pretty sure she hadn't been there a minute ago.

"Please, Mr. Wintersbottom," Ms. Regetti said. "Tell us everything that was said, being as specific as you can be. Tell us anything you remember verbatim, and if you're not sure, tell us so. Begin." 

Now I was going to have to talk in front of both of them. I turned my head toward the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the bay. Briefly, I fantasized about sprinting across the room, lowering my shoulder, and throwing myself into the water. The glass shards would cut me, there would be intense panic, and then my speed at impact would probably crush me before I had a chance to drown...and it still might be preferable to trying to talk like I was a normal human being in the present moment. 

I fidgeted with the hem of my shirt - I really should have tucked it in, although on the scale of things, that was far from the biggest issue. The cargo shorts - I was regretting the cargo shorts. Anything that left me exposed at the moment was bad. Robes would've helped, or a burka. Maybe someone could just throw a bed sheet over me and I could crawl away?

I frowned. They were waiting for me to talk. I stared at my hands. When was the last time I cut my fingernails? Why did I suck so bad at life? I shook my head slowly. After a couple of false starts that sounded suspiciously like whimpers, I finally managed to get my mouth to obey my brain. 

"So...I found this, um, it's...a box. I found a box." 
***
/r/ShadowsofClouds

*Part 2-3 in comments.* 

**Update:** [Part 4 is now up on my sub :)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShadowsofClouds/comments/90arjb/the_jade_box_part_4/)
