“No! NOOO!” - yelled the genie as he saw Megan terrified attempting to run out of the bathroom.

“Don’t run away Megan, I’m here for you”

“Bu, but, I said Bloody Mary, and you showed up, I’m drunk and this is scary”- said Megan fearfully as her mascara ran down her eyes and her breathing got more intense.

“I know, that’s always my queue to come in, but I just like to terrify people, in fact, you just got the best deal of your life, I’m an granting you three wishes, anything you want, anything you’ve ever dreamt for, I will make it happen. Just ask me”

“Can you make fucking Howard disappear for ever”

As Howard continued showing his moves in the dance floor and buying shots to all the people that had, meaningless connection to him. He vanished, into space, never to be seen again, leaving no trace behind, no atoms, no plasma, nothing behind but the memory of a person that shall forever remain a mystery disappearance.

“I, is he gone” asked Megan reluctantly.

“Yes, forever” - Said the genie confidently.

“Well, how can I know?” - asked Megan with a snooty effort and reluctance.

“Well, go outside, you’ll never see him again” - said the genie, still with confidence - “You have two more wishes” 

“Well I wish all men who have ever cheated on their significant others suffer significant pain and then die horribly” - said Megan with a painful voice as she shrugged and looked at the floor.

“Well that counts for two wishes Megan” - said the genie still very monotonous and seeming uninterested about Megan’s wishes.

“Well that’s what I want” - said Megan confidently.

—————

It has been 24 hours since the great extinction. Reasons are still unknown, but 84% of the male population has vanished inexplicably. 

Being a fertile man has become a huge commodity. 

It has been less than 72 hours when Harold found himself walking along 5th Avenue. He walked along side his girlfriend and two cousins as they approached “TEX” the hottest club in Miami.

“That’ll be 150$ for women, but for you, it’ll be free, have this complementary shot of tequila” said the busty attendant to Harold. 

“Ugh, I wish I was a guy” - Said Megan as she paid her 150$ entrance fee to the hottest club in Miami. That night there were only 4 guys in the club, surrounded by 25 victoria secret models and over 200 independent models.

“It’s a good day to be a faithful husband” - said Harold as he sipped his whiskey.

