I’d never met them, but I loved them. She was seated on the porch railing, playing guitar for the boy. He was dangling his legs beside her, sipping a large glass of sweet tea and grinning. The cabin was in a field that rolled into lush hills and stood high on the far ends with forest. It was small, simple, unadorned and functional. The woman’s sweet, arpeggiated tune was punctuated by the boy’s laughter at the lyrics she improvised for that very reaction. They paused, looked up at me, and disappeared.  

I came to, wrung from the dream by the telltale klaxon sounding from the car radio, even though I’d turned it down. There was no off, as the Propaganda Wing outlawed unauthorized drive-time silence years ago. Some shadowy Collective-funded freak study had deduced that concentration on the road and preoccupation with the day before or behind us was fertile ground to sow whatever insidious seed they could broadcast. When the pronouncements began, each vehicle would subtly raise the volume in increments until the voice was there, in every space between.

I was still downtown. I’d been losing fistfuls of time on autopilot, given more and more to daydreaming, but retrospectively wished I’d spent a little longer out in that field in my head. The armature works rose on my left, whose workers churned out the engines and dynamos to run the Collective’s hideously bristling siege engines. I’d seen them in pirated vids on the Outliers’ private networks some usuals at the speakeasy were showing around. Even the largest were painted in soft hospital colors as though, when they were crushing Outlier children under their tracks in the Havens or shooting refugees in tin-shingle boats from their impossibly massive cargo ships, they were simply administering medicine.   

The klaxon resolved into trumpeting fanfare. Some vaguely anthematic concoction from the musician branch of the PW. How they could pick up an instrument, learn to make it sing, then use it only to subjugate was awful to comprehend, but just another cut on the arm in a row of scars, all in various states of healing.  

Once the horns subsided, a confident but plain voice issued from the speaker, rising in volume every few words: “Attention civilians. From now on the speed limit will be vigorously enforced." The adverb was almost sickening in its implication. They always spoke in euphemisms. I scoffed, shaking my head in anticipation of the coming, immediate enforcement. My eyes flicked down to the dash to confirm I was within parameters. I’d learned that the straight and narrow, however boring and uninspired, was the only way I’d ever see that field. I was right where I expected, and with one heavy exhalation returned my attention to the cars shouldering in all around.  

As the last bit of air left my lungs, I heard nothing but saw a momentary trail of white smoke slip down from the sky, towards a sedan screaming down to the off-ramp a quarter-mile ahead. The white line ended just above the sedan’s roof, where it bloomed into a momentary sun and erupted in a miniature mushroom cloud. It sent the chassis skyward, a macabre rocket that disintegrated further as it rose. Debris peppered the surrounding vehicles instantaneously, shattering windows and crumpling panels amidst a shockwave that shifted everything backward in a circle around the impact. Traffic slowed and halted in response. I thought fleetingly, and foolishly, that maybe this was it. That we’d exit our vehicles and march to the Highrise for justice. Nuke-Its for speeding? It was one of the few remaining crimes that wasn’t punishable by erasure, but here it was.  

I’d cheered when they killed the murderers, the rapists, the war criminals. I know now that it was harder then, when not all who went under the gun were truly guilty of it, and the Collective’s workings were still covert and clandestine. I’d felt uneasy when they got around to the thieves and embezzlers, moreso the day every vagrant in the Duumvirate went missing. I’d known more than a few. It had still, even in shrunken capacity, felt like cleaning up. Ridding ourselves of our collective filth. Boils lanced, abscesses drained.  

Then there was the political push for population control, as there was barely a square mile in the Territories without humans stacked on top of one another. The Crop Mandate kept a paltry sum of acres clear for growing, but the sun was dim and the yield was poor. The entire population ate synthetics, which looked and tasted right but had severe nutritional and behavioral side effects. The lab props were insistent on their infallible safety, but the proteins would fold into prions erratically, and new iterations of the same brain-devouring contagion would release in your commune, in the house down the street from you. In your child’s bedroom. Even with the synth labs, we were hungry and sick and under full control.  

The ensuing acceleration had no filth left to scrub, so it scoured the pink skin bloody. Now, when the Collective needed the population to drop in comparison to the synth yield, new measures took effect. They were announced over the radio, on the implant wires, into every head and home, and compliance was expected within the duration of the message. Everything was rigged with sensors, cameras, meters. The intel banks barely needed maintenance anymore, they were so self-developmental. To them, each new measure was another novel exercise of efficiency well-honed and practiced. I doubt that the Nuke-It was the result of more than a passing glance from the watchnet.

I rolled down my window and lit a cigarette as white lines weaved an ominous plaid of the sky. New explosions resounded as speeders on roads around were vaporized by the autonukes. Civilians resolved their newest normal and began to creep their vehicles around the wreckage. I was concerned, because it wasn’t nearly enough. The other measures had taken out tens of thousands, but I hadn’t heard enough to account for even a hundred civilian deaths, as the autonukes were refined and miniaturized for precision. Low yields had happened before, and additional measures usually followed to fill the quota. I took another drag and the radio sounded again with the klaxon. Trumpets. Plain voice: “Attention civilians. Smoking is now banned. This ban will be vigorously enforced.” Breathing smoke through the window, I thought, “There we go,” and disappeared.
