I stared in horror at the slaughter in front of me. The corpses lay strewn over crimson rivers of blood.

My heart thumped wildly as I scanned the surroundings, terrified of the idea that whoever had done this would still be around. I didn't see anyone, yet I spotted the word: *sorry,* written on the wall.

I frowned. Why did the murdered or murderers bother to apologize? Why did they even kill the technicians in the first place?

It soon dawned upon me that I could try an reset the time machine to send me back to my time. The technicians had explained me the process in case something went wrong. 

I desperately turned to the machine again, my hands shaking as I attempted to remember how to properly set it working.

The machine was a sight to behold, a large capsule connected to an intricate snarl of thick brass pipes, which disappeared into countless holes. The control board lay at the side.

I fumbled through the settings, clumsily setting the date of destination, deactivating the freezing process, and writing the authorization password. My entire body was taut with nerves. 

Apart from my shallow, rapid breaths, the silence was absolute, adding a heavy layer of tension to the air. It was cold, yet the sweat trickled down my temples and armpits as if I were burning under the sun.

And then, when I thought I had it, a red dot appeared on my hand, and rose all the way up to my head. I jumped backward, and my heart skipped a long beat. With hands aloft and fear distorting my face, I went stiff and slowly knelt. I saw no one, and no one spoke, but I understood. 

In that moment, with the rifle aiming at my chest, my mind clung to the hope only a man who is facing death could cling to. They could have killed me before, why do it now?

I repeated that over and over again to compose myself, to avoid the tears and calm my thundering heart. The minutes stretched to eternities. Would I be here, staring at the floor with the fear of a bullet going straight through my chest until I died of starvation? Why didn't he make it quick?

In the distance, a door bolted open followed by a mixture of screams and the pattering of feet against concrete. It was only then, when the voice spoke.

*When they come, you won't utter a word. If you do, then forget about your little Julie. We will know if you do.*

Everything inside me shattered like glass. Julie was my little daughter, my treasure. 

I'd accepted to take part in this experiment because of her, although I knew it was a foolish thing to do. I needed the money, and the technicians assured me the probabilities of something going wrong with the machine were low.

The steps dinned beyond the walls. Hundreds of them. The door swung open and fifty men came rushing in, all aiming at me. The red dot disappeared from my chest. What should I do? 

I heard the voices of the policemen talking and yelling at me but I couldn't understand them. It was as if they were muffled by my thoughts. 

I saw anger and disgust clashing in their eyes, and in the blink of an eye, I was handcuffed to the ground, my head against the pool of alien blood.

I spoke no words. My mind was numb, distant, lost. Where was Julie? Was she okay? The police wouldn't answer.

Months later, I ended up locked in jail. I hadn't confessed the murder. I hadn't spoken nothing but the same question over and over again: Where was Julie?

I was hollow. My mind was empty except for that single question. I had gotten those technicians killed, I had gotten Julie kidnapped. If I didn't apply for the experiment, if I had worked harder instead of searching for easy money, none of these would've happened, wouldn't it?

I lost track of time. I was alive but, at the same time, I wasn't.

Months later, an inmate handed me a letter. I grabbed it absentmindedly, and opened it. It was a photo of Julie when she was younger, one I had taken, along with a message written on paper.

*Sorry,*

*There are things no man should mess with. Time travel, being one of them. We had to murder them all and burn the schemes of the machine, lest someone was able to replicate it. We took care of the machine too.*

Words and more words. Where was Julie? Why didn't they answer that?

"Hand it back," the inmate said, a knife in his hand. I obliged yet I kept Julie's photo. What was the use of a letter anyone could have scribbled? 

Where was Julie? Was she all right?

I would never know, wouldn't I?

------------------------------------

Not my forte! But if you enjoyed it, subscribe to r/AHumongousFish     
