Today is the day I kill Emperor Fargon.

The crimes he committed must no longer remain unpunished. The people of the Hilmon Galaxy need their savior, and I will be that man to them. I am a champion of the common folk, the light in the dark void of an amoral empire, the hero hiding behind the guise of the Emperor's right hand man.

It's been nearly a decade since I infiltrated the empire. Years ago I lived peacefully as a jorb farmer on Grillax with a loving wife and two young daughters, ages 7 and 12 respectively. My jorbs won accolades for being the juiciest jorbs on the planet. Oh yes, I lived the Grillaxian dream.
Then the empire stole my happiness away. 
The skies darkened. Above my inconspicuous farm hovered a quite conspicuous Heliship. Suddenly, men armed with scimitar shotguns rained on my farm and our village. Later I learned a foreign spy had taken residence in the local pub, but that moment felt as if we were being punished for nothing. The swarm knocked me unconscious before I had time to blink.

As my eyes reopened and the fog lifted from my concussed brain, I noticed him. Emperor Fargon loomed over my wife's dead body and turned to my children. Tears began streaming down my face. I opened my mouth to cry out for help, I told my body to rush to my daughters and save them from this fiend, but my body was paralyzed from the head injury. He reached out to my eldest daughter and snapped her neck without a hesitation, as if he were playing a game and had no humanity left in his soul. Then he grabbed my younger daughter and took her as his prisoner. All feeling left my heart except for rage. I vowed at that moment I would be the one to end the Empire's reign and feel the Emperor's neck snap between my cold hands. I blacked out. 

When I awoke, I set out with my plan. I burned half of my face to hide my identity. Then, I joined the Empire to take them down from the inside. I killed for the Empire time and time again as I slowly moved up the ranks. The blood on my hands kept me awake every night, but I made sure to only end the lives of soldiers and not civilians. I will not stoop to Fargon's level. Finally I reached a rank where the Emperor would listen to my advice. A couple of well thought out counter strikes against the Resistance and I earned myself a seat as the Emperor's right hand man. 

Tonight, the Emperor asked me to make him a feast. We just conquered Talian, one of the final Resistance holding spots, and it was time for celebration. I knew I could not physically take the Emperor down myself, so I concocted poison that will render him unconscious so I can feel his neck snap in my hands like he felt my innocent daughter's neck snap.

The food is here now, and the emperor picks up his fork to enjoy his final meal. My time is finally here......

Rosencrantz, a no name soldier, rushes in.
"There's a breach in the ship's hull, sir!" he screeches. The Emperor looks displeased.
"Send out the first unit and take care of these pests."
As he spews the command, he stands up from his meal. 
"No time for food now, we must reach the planning room."
Fuck. Well, the meal will be here for him to consume later.
"Yes, master," I say begrudgingly, having thought my days of groveling were over just moments ago. 

We briskly walk through the corridors. And then, he walks in. Tall, dark, and handsome. He flashes a grin with sparkling charisma and draws his pulse cannon. He aims at me.
Blam.
My ass skids across the floor. I am in a delirium. As I come to I notice a blade entering the Great Leader. Oh. He is dead now. How about that. Not even a snapped neck.
"Looks like I'm just a cut above the rest," the hero chortled. Maybe I will snap his neck instead.
He points his gunblade at me.
Bang. 
The gunshot punctures my lung. 
"Fuck... I.. was going to kill him today you fool... why..." I gurgled to our new hero.
"Aw well, I guess some people are just casualties of war."

Is that all I am? My entire family, including myself, are just casualties of war? I killed hundreds... no, thousands of men fighting for the Resistance just to gain the trust of one man to kill. I stood by his side as he destroyed civilization after civilization. And I am now dying as his right hand man after watching him die. I will die a villain.

Oh well, at least the benefits were nice.

Curtain. 