*Nope, no way, and fuck that!* Those were my first thoughts when my dad told me that he arranged a marriage for me. I knew exactly what this was though, this was a political and business marriage and I absolutely was not going to be sold as the husband to who knows what. Fuck dad, I know you're the CEO of a big company and blah blah power, money, importance and whatever but I'm a God damn human being! I only went along with being dad's "heir" to the company because I wanted at least my baby siblings to have a shot at a normal life and not being constantly trained to be the next "Big Boss". So I decided to escape that night.

I wasn't going to turn out like my friends James and Alex after they were forced into marriages to "Benefit their family, fortunes, and business". They used to be fun loving guys, but now they were constantly stressed and looked like someone (Probably their wives) sucked the life out of them.

I finished tying the bed sheets together into a rope and began lowering them down the balcony after I tied it to the railing. That's when I realized I'm an idiot. I lived on the 6th floor of our ritzy condo complex and my bed sheets only made it down to the 4th. Fuck.

But I had to do it this way, I couldn't leave out the front since my family and the bodyguards were probably watching everywhere. I'd just need to swing onto the next balcony... pull down the sheet... and lower it to the next balcony below.

I double checked all my stuff in my backpack again before I set off to where ever. I had my wallet, phone, some clothes, and some other random things in there. I figured I'd get to an ATM and get what I needed before I left for good so I didn't need to pack much.

Everything was set. I grabbed my sheet rope with sweaty hands and yanked at it a few good times to make sure I didn't become tomorrow's human pancake in the morning news. As I was about halfway down my rope to the 4th floor balcony I heard a rustling noise underneath me. 

I panicked and looked down and saw something that made me completely stop. It was a girl about my age looking around furtively with a bed sheet rope also in her hands and a backpack on her back. 

*No way*, I thought and then I heard a tearing noise above me, *Oh shit my rope! I'm gonna die!* And suddenly, just like that, my rope snapped and I came crashing down on the girl. 

We both squeaked in surprise pretty loudly as I smashed into her from a couple of feet up. I mean I'm sure mine was a manly squeak but still. As I got up clutching my back, I went to go help her as well. "Are you ok?" I asked, well more like grunted it out in pain, "Sorry about that! I fell on you trying to escape."

She was clutching her head in agony when she looked up at me. "Ow ow ow!" She moaned quietly, clutching her head "That really hurt! Where the hell did you come from!?" That's when she stopped and realized that I had the same bed sheet rope as her. "Huh? You're trying to escape too?!" 

*Wow she's uhhh really cute* 

That's when I noticed a big bruise beginning to form on her forehead. I hastily dug through my bag until I found my tube of pain and bruising cream and sheepishly squirted a bit onto my finger. "Here lemme get that bruise on your head, this cream will help" She motioned for me to proceed and as I applied the ointment I got a closer look at her in the dark night, *Shes really cute...* That's when I realized we'd been staring into each other's eyes for some time. And we both blushed at the same time. 