

Everyone remembers the saying, right? "When you look at the clock, time goes by way slower." This was true in any and all math lessons I ever had in my life, but it especially applies when you're stuck in a block of ice for a few hundred years.

Of course I, or rather they, couldn't know that something like this was gonna happen. To them it looked like a complete and utter success. 

I remember seeing theire shit eating grins and smiles when this hell began, knocking on the glass like kids at the Zoo.

You try to scream, try to tell them, but the air and feeling in your lungs had gone. Every attempt at movement was futile, to hell, even blinking was impossible.

After a while they had left. And then it was just you. Just you in an endless stream of thoughts and regrets. There is no phone to pass the time on, there are no people to talk to. Just you and time.

It makes you forget. Forget what you once had, could have had, wanted to have. And yet it doesn't matter because the days still pass you by.

Every day feeling like the next. Every year feeling the same, cold embrace of something, something that wasn't death.

When you chose to go through with this you felt like you had no one. No one to lose. And yet now you feel so alone. Why is that? 

Is it because you had found the true meaning of loneliness? Is it because you underestimated how much you actually needed people in your life?

Not like it even matters. All that matters is you. And yet you don't want to matter. Does time matter? You won't know until that final day.

But even then, will there be anyone to come back to? Will there be anyone that remembers you? 

"SUBJECT TO BE RELEASED IN 0DAYS0MINUTES0SECONDS"

Had they forgotten you? Surely they couldn't forget, right?

But then it hits you. The doctor's are dead. They had been for the longest time. 

You hadn't thought of that, even though you had an eternity to think. Funny. Hilarious. You try to laugh, but you're still frozen. You laugh histerically. You scream. You cry. 

You can't.