*“Oof–“* She said. Shoulder deep in my chest. “Sorry.” She spoke, breathless, looking down. The tunnel grew dark. The rails echoed off walls, shrieking. The station lights hummed dim as the train doors opened. “Excuse me.” She murmured, squeezing between bodies. The men had no faces. The women, no eyes. My heart was a locket that was hollow inside. I looked at my feet as she stepped through the threshold. A Hello Kitty keychain that fell from her purse. I snatched it up and shoved through the crowd as the doors closed on the hearse.
 
“Miss!” I called. She was halfway down the hall.

“Miss!” I called, as the train tore apart.

She turned and I saw her. Curious, maybe confused.

“You dropped this.” I answered. She looked and said nothing.

“That’s not mine.” She smiled. “Thank you though.” She laughed. 

I stood dumbfounded, as the tunnel collapsed. She turned to leave me.

“Wait.” I called back. “Are you– ah.. busy?” I asked, scratching my head. 

“I’m going to work.” She said, the only thing left of her smile lingered in the brown of her iris.

“Can I.. buy you a drink?” She nearly burst laughing. “–After work, I mean!”

She got through with laughing and gave me her number. She smiled and waved as she bid me goodbye. The building was breaking. I thought I would cry.

She never noticed that tables destructing. She’d spin the straw in a glass that was cracking. My elbow slips through the corner of the bar as it’s breaking. She laughs and tells me, we’d better get home.
 
She closes the door and it falls off the hinges. The building across shudders, quakes, and falls down. My heart is sinking and pounding together. The bed stays intact as the world outside drowns. 

The world has been dying for eight plus some years. Without her the sun crinkles, the trees shed their leaves. My office is flickering, the lamp’s always dead. My computer screen fizzes, revives, then again. I feel uneasy. I leave. I want to go to bed. 

The stars fall like shingles. The ground quakes and crumples. The air is a torrent being dragged far away. I open the door and it falls off its hinges. I put down my briefcase and the counter’s destroyed. I hear her whisper:

“I know, I’ll tell him.”

I sink in my chair and the eastern wall crumbles.

“Honey?” She calls out, regret in her voice. “You’re home early?” She asks walking in from the bedroom. “There’s something I need to say.” She stutters, hands clammy and restless. She sits on the table across from my chair. She mouths my name but the wind stole the air. She makes no vibrations, just O’s in a vacuum. I don’t need to hear it. I know what she said. She stands up to leave me. She picks up her bag. She leaves through the doorway, devoid of a door. As the elevator takes her, the building sinks with it. Now on the ground floor the earth swallows me whole.
