 An odor waft through the area runs the gamut of distastefulness, from the consuming stench of waterlogged  and molded dry walls, the acrid smell of rusting iron, or, from time to time, the fetor of of decomposing shit and piss. There is an eerie silence disrupted only by the occasional fluttering of birds, water dripping through dilapidated pipes, and the shuttering of a camera. She was exploring an abandoned building complex when she heard a rustling of footsteps - 40 feet away stood a large man in ragged clothing.  Feeling uneasy, She shouted out “It’s a great view for a picture.” He didn’t respond, but slowly accelerating towards her.

At first she started speed walking, an apprehensive feeling was lurking in her stomach - like when a girl calls you and says “We need to talk”, then she threw her equipment and backpacks and started to sprint.   Her heart was racing like a horse, hyperventilating as she ran down flights of cracked, falling apart cement stairs held together by rusted, broken railings trying to escape from this man, like a gazelle running away from a cheetah. It was fear… fear of the what would happen if he caught hold. She was fleeing as fast as I could - leaping down the flights of stairs Never lookingback, judging by the sound he was maybe two flights of stairs away - she knew if she keep at this pace she can escape.  

Then he jumped.  His body slammed into hers as her head smacked against the concrete wall. She Knocked-out for a split second - by end of the second when she regained some sort of clarity; she was pinned down on her back as he pulls down her pants. Her body flailing to get him off, but he was too strong, too heavy.  ‘Stop struggling’ as he beats her again and again - sometime slamming her head against the ground as he tears off her clothes. Tears mixed with dirt sweat and blood were flowing down her face.  She kept thrashing, and twisting and jerking trying to delay the inevitable.  

 “No! No! Please! No! Don’t! Please!” Struggling was no use.  

He put his dirty and bloody hands on her blonde hair. 

“No! Please! Don’t do it! STOP!” She screamed.  

“STOP! DON’T! NOOO!” she howled.  

Each thrust felt like a spade,  shoveling and filling a void with pain and shame.  She is  useless like rag-doll, a play thing - each penetration her dignity stripped away, with each plunge she felt emptier.  As he moans in pleasure and releases himself she was filled with disgrace, self-loathing, and disgust - as if she is betraying her body.   


I don’t want this, but there are no other option.  By the second time, I had stopped resisting.  I had stopped thinking.  I had stopped feeling.  He flips me over and surveys my body with a luscious grin. He wraps his large hands around my throat and rams himself forcefully into me. His hands tightens with each moment. With revulsion and disdain in my heart, I closed my eyes for the last time.  


Saul sprung up from his slumber, vaguely recalling the dream. It's hard to access dream, like they are strung so thick with cobwebs it's hard to break through.  He wiped his teared filled face and looked at his soiled sheets - as his hands shook uncontrollably. Confused, he stumbles across his apartment towards the laundry machines 

And there it was. A black cat with yellow piercing eyes and a coat shinier than a disco ball.  "Now that you know this is real. Follow me.  We haven't got much time."