"SATAN DAMN IT!" screamed the demon Jäkel, as he emerged from the portal to the mortal realm empty-handed. "NOT THIS SHIT AGAIN!"

"Another IKEA employee reciting product names?" asked the highly dreaded demon by the name of Mike.

"I'm seriously getting tired of this shit. I've wasted so much energy on this shit, and I've got so few people to willingly give me their souls that it just doesn't seem to be worth it," said Jäkel. "You know what mortals are like. You can't just appear out of nowhere and tell them they can have what they want in exchange for their souls. That generally tends to scare them off. Some of them even start to guard themselves with prayers and holy things, because they know a demon wants their soul, and it just makes our job that much harder."

"I know. That's why we require specific incantations to summon us. We know that only the most foolish people will willingly give their soul to a demon, and having them deliberately summon us to fulfill some worldly desire is how we know they are foolish enough," said Mike. "But why the heaven did you choose the one you chose? I never understood that."

"I thought it would be unique and unambiguous", said Jäkel. "After all, how often would you expect to hear that combination of syllables in a normal everyday conversation?"

"Clearly often enough to constantly summon you by accident."

"I came up with this incantation thousands of years ago! How was I to know that someone would make a furniture store chain that just so happens to use those syllables in some of their products?"

"You didn't have to come up with some crazy combination of syllables and hope they never become widely used, though! Why not just do what I did? To summon me, all that the mortal has to do is say, 'O great demon Mike, I summon thee to fulfill my wordly desires, and in exchange, I gladly give to thee my immortal soul effective on the moment of my death. From this moment forth, nothing will save me from my eternal fate, not even the grace of God. O great demon Mike, fulfill my desire today.' And he can say it in any language he wishes! Pretty simple to recite that, and you know no one is going to say it by accident."

"That's the problem—you need to have one version of your incantation for every language!" This was the only objection Jäkel could think of, knowing how weak it was and internally kicking himself for not having thought of it himself. Why did Mike not tell him earlier?

"Hold on," said Jäkel, "someone has summoned me. I'll be back." Demons, after all, have an innate sense that they have been summoned, similar to how mortals know they are hungry or need to go to the bathroom. Jäkel opened another portal to the human realm and stepped through.

"Why have you summoned me, mortal?" Jäkel asked the pitiful mortal in front of him, surrounded by large squares of particle board and various tools and small metal and plastic bits. *Satan damn it, another accidental summon. Fuck!* he thought to himself.

"Hi, could you help me assemble this stupid thing?" asked the mortal, as if he were talking to a customer service representative, and not an enormous terrifying demon.

"You do realize that I will take your soul for this when you die, right? Are you sure you want me to help you?"

"Oh, that's no problem. Just help me put this thing together, all right?"

"Fine, if you say so. But I will give you one last chance to change your mind. Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Of course I'm sure! Look, can we just get this done already?"

"Okay, if you insist," said Jäkel. And with a wave of one of his indescribable appendages, the mess around them was gone, and in its place stood a perfectly assembled cabinet. "The contract is sealed."

"Great, thanks for helping me!"

"Glad I could be of service," said Jäkel. "See you soon..." And with those words, a portal to the infernal realm opened and then closed as soon as Jäkel stepped through.

"You won't believe what just happened," he excitedly said to Mike, "I've finally got a soul!"

"Good for you! I thought for sure it would be another accident," said Mike. "What did this one want?"

"That's the part you won't believe. He just wanted me to assemble some IKEA furniture for him!"