I don't sleep. Not much anyway. I *can* sleep, and do so about every other week, but I don't need to. The doctors think I somehow mimic the dolphins, letting half my brain get good naps at a time. 


And it suits me fine. It means i get a lot of time on my hands, most of wich I use unproductivly and some of wich i use to work. By unproductive I don't mean doing drugs and stuff, just, you know. Working out, reading, seeing movies and trying to get laid. That last one is a tricky one, but not for the reasons you'd think. 


It's the same reason as to why it was so damn hard for me to keep an honest job. The only job I was able to keep for the longest time was a night time janitorial at a hospital. And I tried everything. 
I actually have a degree in economics, and after graduating I went though quite a few desk-jobs. And I did good work, that was never the issue.

After the desk job failures, I did stints of construction and other manual labour, and oh man. That... would seem unsafe for everyone. It would at least be expensive. Impecable work mind you, thats still not the issue. In a sort of last effort, i tried myself as a night-club bouncer. Long story short, after dropping a bucket of ice on the floor and slipping in myself and making a spectacle, a serius looking man asked me if that was intentional. He clearly just saw me distract and spook a goon from assailing his client at the opurtune moment. 


That's essentialy how I ended up as a presidential-level bodyguard. I always thought i was just a bit clumsy, probably related to an irregular sleep patern. All my jobs lost because I took a *slightly* to sharp turn with a fully loaded dozer, or happened to spill a bottle of printer ink on the backup-server. It always felt like plenty of bad stuff happened to me, but it never occured to me that I never had seen an outbreak of violence or mayhem. Never ran into a tagger at night. 


I.. react(?) to ill intent, haphazardly creating a scene or distraction, or appearantly incidentially create a wall or tip a building, to distract or block induviduals set out to knowlingly hurt or other abuse others. No one really gets hurt around me. Ever.