Part 1

  

Even the oldest memories of Jacob's were average. His first one was of his grandparents arguing over whether or not their pet dog was cute or really cute. He had an average pair of parents whom even had average 16 years of marriage before splitting up on average terms. Both loved him very much providing for him whatever he needed - proper public schooling, kind-of "okay" clothes, and to prevent bullying a name that would never get him in trouble: Jacob. 

He was average on every term and even chose friends accordingly - he had two best friends that had the same name as him, and one popular friend named Gerardo to normalize the average ratio three to one. He even kept the same haircut for the past ten years in order to keep rooting himself in the sweet societal middle spot: where nothing particularly incidental or adventurous happens.

The second besides Gerardo thing that made him even more normal was his job. He was proud of it and could not have wished for a better one - a very high paying job that had no impact on either his social or physical state. Whenever someone asked him where he worked at the answer was always the same: "Oh! That is... awesome, I think?" because Jacob worked at a military facility of highest grade clearance, where only the higher ups - the 1% of the political and military world could enter. Well, to put it on a short list: only the presidents, prime ministers, minister of defense, high-ranked generals, some elite solders and... janitors to which Jacob belonged to could enter the facility.

Even the most top secret bases needed cleaning, and the ones where super secret experiments occured daily were the most needy. Which is why whenever someone asked him where he worked at he simply answered: "Oh, I'm the cleaning maintenance supervisor at X Facility, you know - the secret base at Something street," and for every "tell me a story" he had a nondisclosure agreement wall he could hide behind. This made his work seem very normal, although odd.

Every day he went in for eight hours, cleaned different things after experiments then went back home. Because facility operated like a normal working office, after working hours it was pretty much empty save for elite soldiers watching his every move. Occasionally meeting some scientists or officials, but rarely talking to them, Jacob sweeped the floor, fed the animals and disposed of biological matter day after day.