“Can you describe the events from your point of view?” 
The person, sitting on the other side of me was an exceptional case. For the past hour, she had sat, picking her nails one by one. 
“What events? I actually don’t even know what you’re talking about?” Her accent tickled the air, waking it up, and annoying it. 
“The events that have been discussed over the past hour. I have explained the situation to you?” 
“Yeah I know that. When am I allowed to go home?” 
“As soon as we have discussed what we need to discuss, you can leave,” 
“I can leave? What now?” 
“No,” I sighed, unable to fathom the stupidity, “You can leave once we’ve had a good talk,”  
“Look, I’m sure you’ll understand, I’ve got to get my hair done for tonight!” The woman said exasperatedly now. 
By this point I was fed up, hearing incessant boring garb spouting from the criminal’s mouth that I stood up and shouted. 
“WHERE WERE YOU BETWEEN THE HOURS OF ELEVEN AND TWELVE TODAY?!”

She looked at me, and simply pointed at my shoulder. “Your bra strap’s fallen down,” 
Seeing my seething red face, she apologised profusely, “I’m sorry it’s just that some people are quite self conscious about their bras, yeah,” 
I raised an eyebrow. 
“I were at the shops, at Superdrug,” 
“Superdrug?” 
“Yeah, to pick up extra makeup and nails for tonight,” 
 “What did you purchase exactly?” 
“I couldn’t find the stuff I needed so I went to Boots instead.” 
“You went to Boots,” I said slowly. 
“Yeah, you know the shop Boots. Like Superdrug but high class,” 
“You are aware that a security camera saw you take four packets of fake nails today in Superdrug?” I coldly stated. 
“Look, it may have seen me but I never saw it,” 
“It doesn’t matter whether you saw it, it saw you and now you have to pay a fine, and return the stolen goods.” 
“I dunno where they are, probs in my handbag or something,” 
“They’re in your handbag?” 
“Yeah”
“You are aware of the consequences of shoplifting?” 
“I’ve to return them and give you dosh,” 
“Yes. Now the goods please, and a £10 fine.” 
“Awfully cheeky but alright then,” 
She dug her hands into the large handbag and took some boxes out, laying them on the table, then put a tenner beside them. 
“Sorry,” she said, distractedly.  