The End

"Hello, End."  The being in light gray stepped through the impossible door.

"Hello, Other End.  This one's done, isn't it?"  The being in dark gray beckoned Light Gray to a small collection of rocks and motioned for it to sit.

"I suppose so.  I haven't seen you in a few years.  Did you just recently collect some blue hexagons?"

"Oh."

"Yeah, they were the last ones."

"That planet was so small, it had barely a wisp around it.  That was your only ongoing effort?"

"Yup.  They were great!  They had promise.  I also tried something new with them."

"Was it the bonding material they excreted?  That was admirable.  They held out for awhile.  I'm sorry they didn't last longer."

The one in light gray sighed.  "It was the radiation.  It's just that everywhere else is so thin these days.  All I had for large concentrates of matter was these strange clumps of exotic matter and that was some of the last atmosphere anywhere!"

"This is usually the way at the end.  It's either an imbalance between resources or it's a devastating catastrophe.  Why hexagons, by the way?"

"Strength.  I thought it was a boost."

"I think it was a wise choice.  It just got thin in there, as you indicated."

They sat for a moment, contemplating and perhaps resting.  Then light gray spoke.
"So are we going to switch?"

"Yes!  I have much research to gift you with.  I brought uncontrolled growth to some of those things and it really winnowed things down."

"Oh, I noticed," said Light Gray, "It drove development wild, though.  Did you see the membranes I came up with?"

"Yes.  Very clever.  Was that original or borne from circumstance?"

"Completely circumstantial!  Here, let's swap". It stood and took its light gray garment off and held it out.  In return, Dark Gray took its own garment off and they exchanged.

New Dark Gray gestured and made a new impossible door.
"Shall we?"

"Indeed!", said New Light Gray.  Already through the door, they could see a rapidly expanding universe filled with matter that was spinning hot and coursing outwards through newly carved space.  Time had started anew, and the new universe held raw potential and, as always, much to experience.  They stepped into it, causing swirls of probability that forever prevented certain things from happening and opened the way for others to happen at all.

The Other End