Who knew that magic would be so inconvenient? The years of studying the ins and outs of the art of casting is one thing, but using your memories as the fuels just makes things so much harder. You'd think it would be easy right, just get rid of the sad or boring memories and you're golden. Wrong. You have no idea how reliant on magic we are and with only so many memories what happens when you run out? Is it really worth getting rid of those important moments? The times when you were happiest? 





Magic isn't even what you'd expect it to be, it's nothing like you see in the movies. Society took the fun out of it and turned it into a product. Everyday magic for the everyday person. You can buy spells, get taught new techniques that require less memory. It isn't a computer we're running it's our brain, but the corporations don't care about that all they care about is money and eventually the suckers that bought into their products originally will forget and be right back there buying the same thing a few months later.  





Is it really worth it? Trading away your special moments of loved ones just so you can get the dishes done quicker or so you don't have to drive 15 minutes to work? You're still doing the same old thing, still in your boring routine of the 9-5, but now you can teleport or get your mind to do the typing of your reports. You'd get rid of everything you know that easily? I guess the World is as stupid as people think. We could be doing incredible things with these powers, but the Government puts a limit on what we can do, their goons finding anyone who does anything too 'experimental'. The amount of spells those guys do they pretty much are mindless drones. 






It's okay though. Soon this World will be changed. I never liked it before we discovered magic. I definitely don't like it now. This time it's different though, this time I have the power to actually do something about it. Every day for Seven long years I have been writing these journal entries. That's over 2500 memories I can use to Power my spells, all I have to do is forget each entry, but the beauty of it is that I can just read the journal again and again giving myself continues power with memories I don't even care about. I mean everything I've said, but what I've said won't matter when I rule the World. 