The chittering, clicking of the hive resonated through the cavern – they were close now. The hunters, we called them, they chased us deep underground into the caverns. Here, without the use of their wings and beady eyes, we finally held an advantage. The caverns were filled with the stench of Sulphur; the air was thick and heavy, masking our scent, blocking our pheromones. Our only sense – our hearing. 

It was the single advantage the humans held over the winged terrors, and we intended to use it.

“Into the crevice, quickly now. I can hear them; get ready” I said, clutching my assault rifle.

I pressed my chin against the cavern wall, listening to the clicking and buzzing of the creature as it rounded the corner. It scuttled past me in the darkness; I aimed toward the sound and fired two successive bursts. The suppressor dampened the flash, but I could see the insectile form splatter with green blood as my bullets found their home. 

“Reggie are you there?” I yelled, my ears still ringing. I could only hope he was wearing his earplugs. 

“I’m here, just down the cavern. You got the bastard all right. My turn now.” 

This was our routine, one would listen, one would recover. It was all we could do – we needed to hear to shoot – and if we shot we couldn’t hear. It was all we could do to keep the element of surprise in these dark, forsaken caverns. I felt him brush up against me in the darkness and handed him the rifle. 

“We need to move down further – I think I heard a source of water.” Reggie said.

“If we go too deep, we won’t be able to find our way up.” I said. 

“And if we stay, those bugs are going to find us and kill us. We need to stay one step ahead of them – you know how their hive mind works.”

I grimaced. Reggie was right. They already knew we were here – and this time they would be expecting the trap. We had to move – and fast. I installed my pair of earplugs, blocking my hearing completely. We proceeded further into the catacomb, Reggie holding my hand as I crawled along the cavern wall. We came to an intersection and Reggie squeezed my hand. The bugs were coming. I pressed myself flat on the ground, pushing my ear against the hard, stone walls. I could hear through the stone, small vibrations. The buzzing – their wings. One of the caverns must be wide enough for them to fly. 

I heard the familiar burst of the rifle, and the muzzle flash illuminated the steam through the cavern. I felt something land on top of me and screamed. It was one of the hunters, still alive. I had my sidearm ready and took a shot in the darkness. I felt blood spatter my face as the bug landed in my lap, twitching. I removed my glove and put a hand on it’s quivering eyes. *Here we go again.* With a touch - I was connected to the alien mind. 

*Pain – Fear. How can they find us? The steam - we cannot see through; we cannot fly. These things – so weak and pathetic on land and sky – they become the hunters now. They are ghosts in the cavern. They move down towards the source. They must be close now – do they know what they approach? We must stop them before they reach it.* 

I gasp, pulling my hand away from the creatures’ eyes. This was a trick we learned when the war began. When the creature dies, the connection to their hive becomes strong – strong enough to be tangible, even to humans. 

“Reggie? You alright? It’s my turn now.” I said, removing my earplugs. I grab the rifle from him.

 “What happened?” He asked, shouting. 

“Keep it down, I can hear just fine." I shouted. "I connected with the hive. Apparently, there’s something ahead the bugs are terrified of.”  

“Well, if the bugs won’t go there, it’ll be safe for us” Reggie said, lowering his voice. 

What is ‘safe’ these days anyway? Regardless, Reggie was right – we needed to move on. If there was something down there, we might as well find it. 

&#x200B;

r/BLT_WITH_RANCH