The whirling blade of the small drone dropped the care package at the door.

A sunny day before they over ran the world, the kill bots... Some called them drones some called them skynet. 

They were just mass produced killing machines.

It had been 50 years then since then and 30 since the last of the human resistance and the remnants of humanity scattered to the far reaches of the city scapes.

Mostly patrol drones remained, solar powered and blindly killing anything with a heat signature greater than a battery.

Yet Wallace was always there for me, my care package drone he was my only friend harmless autonomous. Delivering to me any where I went. I was the last man standing the only one in 100,000 square miles alive, because I was "lucky" enough to win a contest.

Their bots were meticulous, I will give them that, thier facial recognition software was flawless. They put their guns down every time I looked at them.

You see I was the winner of a special prize a lifetime supply of Oreos. It's contractual you see, the company that makes Oreos happened to be the company that the virus (if you want to call the malicious AI) infected and Oh boy their lawyers were very good... 

Only one prize was to be handed out and the contract was to be carried out in full.

**The contract is to last until death, the company and it's affiliates are not to be party to ending the contract, and not to promote suicide or be seen to assist a premature death inclusive but not limited to affirmative action.**

The bots contractually can't kill me. On the contrary they work really hard to keep me alive... Oh but they found great ways to kill everyone I love while keeping me spritely.

Even as a human shield to my daughter they managed to prize her free and tear her apart but when I turned the gun on myself they dismantled it even faster.

You see I can't die, they see that I have potential to.live longer and so like the ship of theseus they knocked me out and upgrade me. They have steadily replaced my organs 
I wept for weeks when I lost my stomach and I have no taste buds anymore just a mechanical frame of a face, the only human in me is my brain and every time I try to die they rock up.and steal a little more of my humanity it's been 30 years and I turn 125 this year and here comes Wallace with my care package.

My only friend he only wants to give me my Oreos It's a pity I can't eat them, he places them down gently with the rest of the hundreds of thousands of boxes.

Today I destroy them all.