Loreen took a deep breath.

Every bone in her tiny bat body seemed ready to burst forth from her body from the heat alone. She had debated asking her current owner for something to protect from the temperatures without impeding her movement.

"One of these days..." she thinks and scans over each rock. Her attention turns to her usual golem companion, Ray. Like her, he was the property of someone. But in Ray's case, it was to his creator rather than whatever family associated to her employers had been sent to pick her per the contract.

"Can I ask you something?" her teammate inquires and she lets out a deep breath.

"Shoot." she whispers and stops in her track, taking in the area the duo were in.

At this particular moment, they had been traversing the winding tunnels of a place supposed untouched by anyone in the past couple millennia. Even then, the cave was in the middle of a bustling city park. How it had gone unnoticed by the general remained a mystery left unknown for her and Ray.

"If no one hasn't been here for so long, why I can smell fresh garlic?"

She turns to face them, trying not to freak out her partners infrared goggles or the almost choking level of heat resistant layers that surround his makeshift body. While her body had some protection to the heat, it was far from enough to protect her all the time.

"Better question is how you can smell anything under all those layers." she jokes and landed on the ground, letting her body shift from her bat form to a much more humanoid shape. Which only really granted her a plain doll-sized body and a orange jumpsuit with a pair of black boots. The outfit had been a gift from one of her much larger friends to help with expeditions.

"Not all of us are blessed with such holy abilities like yours." Ray answers back and lets out a chuckle. "Some of us have to resort to other fields in order to keep up."

"Such as?"

"Doll creation, elemental theory, spirit-imbuing and all the other junk that goes into conjuration and summoning."

He glances down at his companion, who is currently laughing.

"I doubt people would call my abilities 'holy' by most accounts." Loreen answers back, giving the air a slight sniff and let her eyes slam shut. Yet she continued to walk forward with the confidence one expected out a successful movie star or a corrupt politician. Not that either could really potentially help in this situation.

"I think I smell it too."

She takes a few more steps, only to just stop as her eyes open back up.

"Something wrong?" Ray inquires and lets his gaze focus on the surrounding area.

Up to this point, the cave system had been left to its own devices. So it chose to curl all about and let nature do the work in its place. Here though, time had been taken to carve out each and every brick to walk on. The gray stone had been made uniform and given a coat of white paint. Why someone would go through the trouble for a place that hasn't seen anyone in a couple thousand years.

"Vampire law."  Loreen announces and sighs, watching her partner to walk over. "Sadly, I can't pull a playground cause on this one."

"Playground clause?"

"If a place has a playground, a vampire is allowed to play on it. But they must stay here until they find their next owner." Loreen shook her head after she had said it. "It was weird era."

"Couldn't I just walk in front of you and just call for you?" Ray inquired and watches Loreen perk up.

"It's worth a shot."

She watches her companion walk in front of her and attempt to shift his gear in such a way to appear excited.

"Come in, Loreen!" Ray announces and the energy around the area seemed to change. He watches her step over and the duo continue on to parts unknown...