“Shit!  SHIT.  SHIIIIIIIIIIT.”

In the middle of Tralfagar Square, Jerry stood in front of a 20 foot marble statue immaculately crafted in his likeness.  In brass beneath it, a large plaque read: “WE LIFT OUR LIGHT TO THE GLORY OF JERRY.”  Jerry bent over and put his head between his knees.

“Ahh, God.  Ahhh jeez, aww crap okay.  Dammit, I --- shit.”  He threw his hands in the air.  “How in the hell did it even --- “

The sound of a soft splat caused Jerry to turn to his left.  A small boy no older than six stood agape with an empty ice cream cone in his hand and a blob of strawberry sherbet between his feet.  Jerry looked around nervously, and then back to the kid.  “What?”

The kid turned tail immediately and sprinted over to a small pack of women chatting with each other.  He grabbed the sleeve of one woman’s jacket.  “Mom!  Look!”

The woman shot a stern look down at the kid.  “Nathaniel, Mommy is speaking with her friends, do you remember what I said about interrupting?”  The kid pulled harder.  “I know, but look!  Look!  Its Jerry!”  He pointed back to Jerry, who stood frozen watching the two.  Jerry opened a hand in a perfunctory “hello” to the two.

“Nathaniel, that is very rude you shouldn’t --- “  The woman (whose name is Bernadette, by the way) froze.

Now, Bernadette has had a small handful of celebrity encounters in her life.  Once, while walking down Madison Ave. in New York City, she saw Alec Baldwin with his wife coming out of a Barney’s.  It struck her as sort of a comical scene:  Alec was struggling to carry seven shopping bags, all filled to the brim, while his wife strode confidently ahead of him.  He just couldn’t get the hang of it, one bag was always at risk of dumping over and spilling the contents on the sidewalk.  He seemed flustered.  

Something that struck her was that despite this goofball demonstration of physical ineptitude, something she never would have pegged as being the performance of a leading man like himself, it was undeniably Alec Baldwin.  Read it right in his face the instant she looked at him, no mental interpretation necessary.  Boom.  Alec Baldwin everybody.

This, however, was not Alec Baldwin.  This, as it turns out, was actually and in fact her savior standing in front of her, The Jerry.  The same savior she had gone to Sunday School all her formative years in order to get to know and maybe she had tapered off as she went to college and found work and got married as people often do, but she damn sure never stopped believing by any stretch.  She has always known Jerry, and she could say with all the clarity of soul that she thought a mother of three could be expected to have that she truly felt Jerry in her heart.  And by all that she had come to know and learn in her life of the way the world works and how all that she was looking at defied it, she no less perfectly understood that she was standing before Jerry.

“Oh my lans.” Bernadette breathed out.

Bernadette spent the rest of her life as well as can be expected.  Never mentioned seeing Jerry in Tralfagar Square with her son and neighborhood wife friends while on vacation in London to anyone, at any time ever in her life, literally until she died.  That moment stayed pent up in her without a moment of catharsis to anyone.  A crude smash of social expectation, self-doubt, disbelief, historical understanding, and just straight up balls out fear kept that shit stashed way way away in her mind.  Way back in the deep freeze of sub-sub-memory.  That was entirely fine with her.  She knew what happened to people who claimed to have crazy religious experiences.  She could keep that shit to herself.