"What's going on?" I ask myself. As I often talk to myself. I didn't expect an answer. "What's wrong with my pod? Why am I not going to sleep?" Suddenly, lights flashed outside the door to my pod. Could it be some sort of system to detect people who don't go to sleep, I thought to myself. The pod started to shake, and it tipped forward and dumped me onto a mat that suddenly appeared on the floor. "What the heck is going on?" Suddenly a voice came from the intercom system that was devloped to direct people to the pods, as having people do the directing was a huge problem. Billions of people come into these massive underground facilities to be hibernated. 
"Congratulations Larry, you have been chosen!"
"What have I been chosen for?"
"Goodness, you don't know? We have a LOT of catching up to do then. Come to my office. I will light the way."
Suddenly, the darkly lit hallway to my right had spotlights come on. I squinted, as ever since we came into the facility it was dark. I slowly got up, afraid that this was all some dream or joke. What was he talking about? Why would I be chosen for anything? As far back as I can remember my brother, Charles, was the person in the family that excelled and got all the attention. The only real notable skill that I had was so innocuous compared to him: bicycle repair. He was able to do calculus at a young age, I struggled with it.He even got into philosophy, a topic I couldn't even wrap my head around. I had always felt that he overshadowed me. Was this somehow built by him? Did he somehow muster enough money to bribe people to play this prank on me? He did bribe some cops to look the other way as he spray painted a car with racist remarks. My blood started to boil as I thought of him setting this up on me.
As I walked, the lights would turn on, guiding me to the masters office. the lights behind me would turn off. Thoughts were swirling in my head, but I dare not say anything, as I knew if I angered the master, he could kill me in an instant. They did install all kinds of anti-riot stuff into this facility to take care of people who rebelled. We learned in history class that it was not uncommon for at least 1 riot to break out thanks to conspiracy theorists who said it was all for show, that there was no reason to make people hibernate. The government fought with the conspiracy theorists for a LONG time over what the truth was. Eventually it just boiled over into riots and people trying to "break free from the tyranny of a corrupt and evil government". Since I didn't understand a lot of the arguments, I kept my head low, and wondered if there was any truth to it.
"If I may ask, why aren't you just....telling me the directions to your office?" I felt that was an easy question to break the long silence that was going on. it was a question that, I felt at least, was easily answered.
"All will be revealed in due time my boy."
My boy.... Why the heck was he saying that, I thought to myself. Best not push my luck, who knows how his temper was. 
Finally I came to an elevator. A light shines on the down button. Hesitantly, I press it. The motors hum as the elevator comes down. In this silent darkness, it's easy to hear the motors, even from 50 stories away. As I get on the elevator, a light beam shines on a button labeled "X" all the way to the left of all the other buttons. 
"You surely have thought this whole complex out, haven't you?" I asked aloud. I didn't expect an answer though, as he seemed very insistent on not talking until I actually see him.
The elevator dings, and the doors slide open. I attended into what looks like a giant garage. On one side last many broken parts to cars. But on the other side lay parts I had never seen before. Some were glowing a blue how, as if from neon signs. What on Earth could all this be? Maybe it was the insides of the pods, as we did need to have Many years of work from our scientists working on the pod technology. A light beam shines into a door across the room. The door was labeled with symbols I had never seen before. 
I open the door, slowly. "Hello?" I call out.
"Come in, come in. No need to be shy, this is your future."
He turns around from his computer. I had never seen such a disfigured man before. 
"Now now, don't be concerned with my appearance."
He seems to notice my hesitance. What was I looking at? 
"Now my dear boy, you will learn the truth of the pods, and how you are going to be the new leader of this world. When everyone wakes up from their slumber, you will have remade the world to your liking"
He grins, a most sly and evil grin. But, leader of the world? Why did I get chosen for such an amazing and prestigious role? It was now time to find out.

Edit: I haven't learned formatting yet, so... Yeah, sorry about that. This also is my first time doing a writing prompt, so constructive criticism would be appreciated