As Keith steps onto the front steps of the old decrepit building he gazes upward at the crumbling bricks, the windows mostly busted out with only shards and slivers remaining, the graffiti strategically placed along the walls warning everyone to 'Stay Out' or 'Beware' he knows he made a mistake listening to Ben. He always listens to Ben. They've been friends since childhood because Ben has always been a little off and the other kids made fun of him. Ben's parents hated him and Keith was his only friend because he took up for him and took care of him. This time though he thinks Ben really did lose his mind. See sometimes Ben has to be admitted to hospitals for a little while, he never tells Keith why but it's pretty clear it's due to some sort of mental disability and honestly Keith cant blame him considering the way he was raised. His dad always hitting him and his mom so wasted from the needles she never knew where she was. "Dude. We need to leave. What are we doing here?" Ben was shaking as he answered a little out of breath, "We can't leave bro. I'm finally going to get the help I need here, I know I am. That guy I met told me all about it and I know this is where I need to be. I'm sorry I had to ask you to bring me this time but the guy said I needed to bring a someone with me so the doctor can get a feel for my personality and you are the only person I know." Keith sighed and shook his head. "I don't like this dude. It's creepy but whatever you need. If you think it's going to make you better then I'm down." They walked into the dark, dank building together and Ben stopped at an old overturned desk that was chipping away from age. "Hi, my name is Ben Aucoin, I was told to come here and ask for Dr. Rowe." Keith's head snapped over to Ben and his eyes displayed clear confusion. 'Who the hell is he talking to?' He thought but kept quiet so he didn't offend him. He was use to these wierd outbursts from Ben. "Hey dude maybe we should get out of here." Ben looked at Keith crazy, "What are you talking about? She said for us to wait right here while she goes to get the doctor." Keith nodded not knowing what else to do. "Um, okay." They stood there a few minutes until finally Ben said, "Okay I'm going to go in by myself and I'll just come get you when the doctor needs you." Again Keith just nodded and said, "Um, okay." Ben walked down the hall a ways and into a dark room out of sight. This was the creepiest, most scary thing Keith had ever done. 'I'm twenty four years old and I feel like I need a new pair of underwear this is so freaky.' He thought to himself. He could feel the goosebumps raising on his arms and he started to get very cold. He began to pace slowly and quietly imagining all the things crawling around in the dark when he heard a loud thump. "Uhhhhhh Ben?!" He called. No answer. "Ben?!" No answer. Keith began to back away towards the door very slowly and as quiet as he possibly could and was just about to make a run for it when he realized he could not leave his best friend in an abandoned building alone so he braved the way towards the dark hole of a door his friend disappeared into and he stepped inside. It was darker in the room and it took a moment for his eyes to adjust but when they did he saw Ben crumpled on the floor and something was wet and glistening around him. It had to be blood. He ran over and frantically felt for a pulse on his friend and realized he was sobbing. As he raised his hand to cover his mouth something struck him in the head and he fell. "Keith wake up!" Ben shook him until he awoke. Keith looked around dazed. Someone must have found them and brought them to the hospital. They were in a shiny white room with white marble floors and pretty white furniture but everything looked old at the same time that it looked new, it was confusing. "Where are we dude?" Ben looked down as if ashamed. Keith sighed, "Just tell me bro." Ben looked at him then and spoke quietly, "We are in the same hospital but now I know why you were acting wierd. It's because you couldn't see what I saw. I was seeing the hospital as it was in its glory with the staff that died in a fire in 1923. While you were out the man who told me about this place showed himself. He had been lying in wait for us because he thinks people like me are a plague. He hunts us. I see the dead Keith, that's what has been wrong with me all this time. I know people think I'm wierd and it's because it's true. Dead people always talked to me and the man knew about it. He told me to bring someone with me because he figured I would bring a girlfriend and he could torture her and have fun with her for a while but he said he was just as happy to kill you too. I was so desperate for help that I didn't look hard enough and see this place for what it was. I'm so sorry Keith. Please forgive me." Keith stared at Ben for a minute and then laughed as hard as he's ever laughed in his life. "Good one Ben. Now tell me what the hell is REALLY going on. Now!" Ben looked away ashamed again, "Look around again Keith. REALLY look. Concentrate as hard as you can." So Keith did. He really looked and at first all he saw was the pretty hospital furniture but then certain spots started to blur and then spots began to fade in and out like a tv messing up, then suddenly he saw himself lying on the floor with his throat slashed and blood was everywhere. He gasped and everything went white again as he heard a man's evil laughter ringing in his ears.