Arty slathered margarine over thick Texas toast with his favorite butter knife. He squinted and read the inscription on the knife, which he did every time he used it.

*Take me up* it read on one side and *Cast me away* on the other.

He shook his head. The knife had been passed down for generations but he never got the full story where it came from. Best bet was from somewhere over the pond, where his ancestors originated. More than anything, he thought it was cool.

Arty held the knife up against the sun streaming through the kitchen window. It reflected the sunlight perfectly against smooth stainless steel and slightly melted the remains of the margarine.

He looked down. His cat sat before him, bowing. 

“Hey there, Mr. Fluffy.”

Arty licked the margarine off the blade and got down on one knee. He put the knife gently on one of Fluffy’s shoulders. The cat remained in place, only slightly tilting its head towards the edge of the knife.

“By the power vested in me, by all that is true, right and just in this world, I dub thee Sir Fluffykins the Third.”

The cat stood on its hind legs and meowed. Arty had never seen him do that before. Fluffy then ran to the back door and scratched at it.

Arty opened the door and Fluffy bolted.

“Godspeed, Sir Fluffykins. Off for another grand adventure.”

Arty laughed. 

“Man, that was some good weed."

Back in the kitchen, he bit into a piece toast. Crap, he had forgotten the bacon. He put a pan full of congealed grease on the stove, set it to high, and grabbed a handful of the bacon from the fridge.

He threw the bacon in the pan. It spluttered and spit a glob of grease onto his forearm. 

“Ouch, goddamit.” Reflexively, Arty grabbed the butter knife. The pain disappeared completely. He released the knife, not sure why he had grabbed it in the first place. The pain returned.

“Shit man, I must be trippin'.”

Arty ran cool water over the small grease burn. He washed the knife and put it in his pocket.

Grabbing another slice of toast he strolled into the living room and turned on the TV.

The doorbell rang. It was Barry, his dumbass neighbor.

“Whaddya want, Barry?”

“I see you parked your car in front of my house. Move it.”

“Dude, you serious?”

Barry had that stupid smirk on his face whenever he thought he had one up on Arty. Guy had called the cops on him way too many times over even more petty shit than this.

Arty ran his fingers over the butter knife in his pocket. Barry’s smirk melted away and his eyes began to water.

“The hell, sorry. My eyes are burning.” Barry turned his face away.

Arty fished the knife out of his pocket and held it high.

“Shit, sorry. Something wrong with my eyes. Something... blinding.” Barry ran off the porch and back to his house.

Arty felt a wave of goosebumps run over his skin.

“I really am tripping.”

Back inside, Arty sat the knife on the coffee table. 

His cellphone rang. The caller display showed *Buckingham Palace*.

“Hello?”

“Hello, sir. This is Gerald from Buckingham Palace,” a British sounding voice spoke.

“Good one bud. Nice work with the caller id too.”

“Sir. Please. This is an important matter."

“Whatever. I don’t believe you.”

The man began to speak at length, his accent adding weight to the argument. 

“Okay, man. If this is a prank, it’s a pretty good one. Whaddya want?”

“Our Majesty, Queen Elizabeth the second, would like a word with you.”

“Sure, put her on.”

“Please hold.”

Royal British music played. The kind you hear in those boring period pieces on TV.

“Hello, dear.”

“Hi there, Queeny.”

“Hmm, yes. I am officially extending an invitation to you and a guest to Buckingham Palace, all expenses paid. Gerald will fill you in with the details.”

Arty wasn’t sure if he should laugh or hang up. Either this was the real deal or the best prank ever.

“Um, okay. Sure.”

“Oh, and dear, this is very important. Please bring the butter knife.” 

---

r/SerializedFiction/