Everyone always got something. When we turned 18, there was a shift. The Balance of Yin and Yang in our body. Our spiritual powers, our Yin and physical powers, our Yang balance and match each other.     

For those that received magic, it coursed through them, on their 18th birthday, when they had more Yin was more dominant. For those that got weapons, they were seemingly summoned from another realm, and bound to our soul, when our yang is more dominant. They would be with us to the end of time. Wherever we travel, it will be with us. It would be with us in life and be with us in death.    
It was my 18th birthday tomorrow. In just under a minute, my weapon or my magic should be in my hands. I was nervous on what i would get. Would it be a magic that allows me to teleport, or a sword to help me defend my family. A magic that allows me to heal, or a scythe to help me attack. 

The clock chimed midnight. 

Nothing Happened.

And then it happened. Power coursing through me. In an instant, everything hurt, and then in the next, everything felt amazing. I seemed to be gifted a magical ability. What it was i didn't know, but it happened.    
I reached out my arms to stretch, and a wooden staff appeared in my hands. I looked at it, and realized it was a scythe. 

Then a figure appeared. A human wearing a cloak. Power seemed to radiate out of them. I tried to look at their face, but the hood covering it, blocked out any light from it.

They raise up their arms, and the hands that appear, look bony, their skin looking paper thin. Like an old man. He pulled his hood down. He opened his mouth, and a crow flew out of it. He coughed a couple of times, and then said, "Sorry about that. Noticed my Scythe missing and thought i would come and find the next reincarnation of death. That seems to be you. Congrats on the new position. "

"Why do i have to do it? Why cant you continue being death? Why me?" I ask, with a scared feeling running through me.

"To answer your question, i have to give you a slight history lesson. The whole Yin Yang thing about Magic and Weapons is right. Both lines started with god, the Yin with Moses, and the Yang with Jesus. Moses was able to awaken the Yin within people through a ritual, and that created children of his. They were the Half-bloods of his clan, and the many people that can do magic, are most likely decedents of the half bloods, with one small line being the pure-bloods of his line. Descendants purely his children. He wanted to help people and give them ways to protect themselves from war. Jesus did a similar ritual, and helped model people after his body. When his followers, and descendants went on a journey, he told them to take a mere staff, for their protection. However he also had a pure blood line of children. Now many centuries later, when the half bloods have spread out and forgotten who their fore fathers are, only remembering the originals, they don't remember the pure blood line. However, when those two pure blood lines meet, and the Yin and Yang is in perfect unity, instead of one being more domineering, they create death. It is death's duty and responsibility to help Sheppard others to the pure world, for those that live their lives well, and the unpure world if they have done wrong. it was my responsibility to deliver those that help and do well, to their representation of heaven, and those that have hurt other, to their version of hell." Death said. 

He sighed, and continued, "Now it is your responsibility. My time has come, and when you send me to the next adventure, you will gain my knowledge. You will become my pure reincarnation. Do not worry about pain. I willingly accept my death, after centuries of service. After shepherding many to their next adventure, I am ready for my next adventure. So take my cloak and my scythe, passed down from the original death, and help others on their journey. You will know when it is their time. My knowledge will answer the rest of your questions." He took off his cloak, and passed it over to me. "My cloak, representation of my Yang, and My Scythe, the conduit of my Yin, are now yours. They will help guide you, as they did me."

I put his cloak on. No, it was my cloak now. And i gripped the scythe a little harder. I felt a slight tingle go down my body. "Good bye, You served Humanity well. You deserve your next adventure. You deserve rest." 

He got down on his knees, and bowed his head. He said, "Im ready. Please make it quick."

I raised the Scythe, and started swinging downwards. As the Scythe started slicing through his neck, a golden glowing dust started coming out of his wounds. They started compressing, and the body disappearing. For 30 seconds, it just gathered, and then, it went straight into my chest.

My head screamed at me. It throbbed. But then I knew everything. The Past. The Future. It was my job to help the people now. My predecessor was now me. I was his next adventure. I was his reincarnation. I was death. And in that instant, i knew what i had to do. I had to live up to my friend, and my predecessor. I had to do him proud. I had to protect humanity.

There was nothing else for me. I was death. Scythe on my back, and wisdom in my head, I would would walk the world helping the world.