Most of us didn't last long. 
A close friend of mine was killed, for cheating on his wife, simply because he was able to lie.
I, however, have done pretty well. My entire identity was based on a lie before the night that truth became a necessity for most.

It was funny for me actually, the woman I was talking to stopped mid-sentence as she described her career as a pro bono lawyer, unemployed and planning to poison a wealthy bachelor was more accurate.
However, as a professional con-man, my career changed drastically. 
It used to be that identities could be crafted and then thrown away within a few hours. Now, you have the bonus that everyone trusts you, but logical inconsistencies become very difficult to manage when you have such an extensive and realistic alias.

I learned this the hard way. All that I can say in hindsight is "thank God for plastic surgery," my face was everywhere within minutes, as the most advanced Ponzi scheme ever suddenly collapsed.
Everyone I know now is unable to tell a lie, not in writing, not in speech, it is impossible for them. 
At the moment you're talking to Micheal Bergerson. My colleagues all talk to a Tom Andrews. Tom Andrews, is an executive at a major tech company by day, by night he is an expert in emptying pockets and crafting debts for the 
mob.

Oh, and he also empties the bank accounts of that tech company and hands off its research to a J. S. Spencer, who just so happens to be a mathematician, or rather, pretending to be a mathematician. He actually uses the AI technology given by Tom Andrews to automatically generate proofs for mathematical problems, notably those with large cash prizes.
Micheal Bergerson isn't the name that I was born with either, but my birth identity is both officially and metaphorically deceased. 

Over the years I've gained an excellent ability to read people, I can tell what you think. Yet, you seem to be writing different things in that notebook of yours. Hell, I know for a fact that you prescribed stimulants to someone who definitely did not have ADHD, and you know that too. 

It's funny, I'm a stimulation seeker and, currently, I'm taking a huge risk.
Telling the truth.
It's exciting beyond anything.
Will you, the dirty psychiatrist abide by confidentiality and a sense of duty to your fellow liar, or will I find myself dead by tomorrow morning?

*Dead?*

Probably, anything that you spill would be inadmissible in court because of confidentiality. So in between righteous vigilantes, and my friends in the mob, who wouldn't appreciate being outed.
Death would be a likely result.
So, I have to ask you to tell the truth.

**Will you do?**