"Your reports, sir." Jessica laid out a manilla envelope on Martin's desk.

Martin briefly flipped through the pages. "And what do they say?" he asked.

"That MartinCo has had the best quarter yet. We control the largest share in the continental market, we're about to overtake the biggest competitor in the UK, and offers for joint business ventures are coming in from the US and Middle East." Jessica smirked as she smoothed out the creases in her skirt.

Martin leaned back in his chair, steepled his fingers, and swiveled his chair. This is something that not anyone can do, for most people would just look ridiculous. But with Martin, this act become an art emanating power, effectively saying *anyone who opposes me will be dealt with without mercy*. It helps that he had practiced just this in the mirror quite a few times.

He glanced up at the large map on display, showing the continent of Europe. He mentally ticked off the markets, the *countries* that were effectively under his control, and was pleased with the result. However, something seemed off, something wasn't right...

"Jessica," he said, "what about Russia?"

Jessica straightened up. "What about 'Russia'?"

Martin pointed up at the map. "We have gained market share control over much of Western and Eastern Europe, but we've hardly made any in-roads into Russia. Why not?"

"It's..." Jessica began. "It's not exactly a prime market right now. The economy is not that great, and our commodities are not highly sought after there. It would not be a sound financial move, at this time."

"But Jessica, look!" Martin waved his hand at the map. "It's just so, so...imbalanced."

"Imbalanced?"

"Yes, I mean, when you look at this map and where we are, we are focusing far to much in the West. We must move East!"

"If it's balance you're after, I can have a different map brought in. One without Russia not on it."

"No, that won't work, I would know it's there. Besides, the trade routes are practically set up already." He got up from his chair and went to the map. "We can get supplies sent to Vilnius, Lithuania, have convoys bypass Minsk and go straight to Viciebsk, Belarus, and hop over the border to Smolensk and then Moscow! We could have our commodities selling there in a week!"

"I'm...not so sure, sir." Jessica worriedly chewed on a pen cap. "Those passes are difficult to navigate, especially being winter right now. And even if we could get there quickly, with such a low demand for our products, we might meet with high resistance."

"Nonsense! I want half of the UK team transferred to this project immediately. I want us selling in Moscow before the end of February. Now go!" He turned towards the window and placed his hand inside his breast coat pocket, feeling the comfort of his large wallet. 

Jessica rose cautiously. "Sir, I'm not..."

Martin turned and raised a single eyebrow at Jessica (also a look practiced in the mirror). 

Jessica nodded. "Yes sir." She hurriedly left the office.

Martin turned back to the window and caught his dim reflection in the glass, a stately figure with one armed draped across his chest. Yes, this venture into Russia will be exactly was is needed. Nothing could go wrong, now.

___
Check out /r/killersealion for more!