I rubbed my tired eyes. The stench of Pat’s armpits was really beginning to get to me. The soggy rustling of her once crisp linen shirt was thunderous. What made it worse was that she was a lovely person. Always covering for people, kind to the new kids, first to smile and last to scold. I guess you have to take the good with the bad. We’ve been down here too long, things that shouldn’t annoy me are really starting to grate on my nerves. I feel like I’m coming down with a bad case of Sarte’s nausea. There’s a reason I keep coming back to this job though, every single day I do something that ten years ago I would have believed was impossible.


Today I helped settle on the final ingredients for a new soft drink that is both palatable and nutritious for vampires. Sally (our resident vampire) is always a laugh, we had a great time impersonating pompous wine tasters as we worked on finding the right haemoglobin/plasma ratio. I guess this soft drink will save lives, human and vampire so I should be stoked. I used to care about that. Now I’m just happy I got to hang out with someone with excellent personal hygiene and the sense of humour to take a practical joke well. Sally thought it was a great laugh when I replaced the goats blood with tomato juice, even though she threw up. Pat would lose her shit if I put blood in her coffee. 

Then there was the blanket program with Terence yesterday. Terence is a bogeyman and a stand up guy, I mean really truly brave. We’re trying to find a humane way to capture bogeymen but so far all we’ve come up with is putting a blanket over their heads. Everyone knows if you put a blanket over your head, the bogeyman goes away, however if you put one or their head they suffer what can only be described as the worlds biggest existential crisis. We were testing out different blankets to see if we could find one that is a bit less cruel, maybe creating a makeshift blanket-tent where they can decompress and come to terms with existing again. Poor Terence, we’re still trying to convince him to come out of his closet. I think that’s the problem with working here. When you realise the monsters preying on humanity are more humane than we are, it’s hard to look at anything the same again. 