The fanfare was incredible. A dense crowd lined both sides of the street, straining against the barriers that prevented the tide of people from overflowing onto the narrow road. Frantic policeman marched up and down continuously, like clockwork toys trying to keep a semblance of control over the ever growing chaos. No doubt the excersie keeping them warm on this cold November day. 

The sun was high in the sky, it being a little after noon based upon its position. It's glare reflecting off the polished black hood of the car, diminished somewhat by the tinted front window. Flashing motorbikes with more stern looking policeman upon them flanked our car on either side as we continued to roll down the street.
 
The big boat I was driving purring quietly as we did. The four people in the back were dividing their time between generously waving and smiling at the crowds, and chatting amongst themselves. Whilst there was a general air of jubilation around, I could also feel a tense undercurrent. Things which didn't jive with the situation were starting to nag at me. The odd person not cheering, the nervous looks between the suits around the car, an imagined glint in the building opposite. Just a reflection perhaps? It was my job to drive the car, and I'd driven it through countless rallies, but this one felt....different. It felt, familiar. Specifically, in a way I couldn't explain. A constant, incessant  thought drummed away in my skull. Something. Was Wrong. I saw it before I heard it. A flash from the public library opposite the square. Then a BANG! 
I heard screaming, panic, hysteria. Then everything went dark. 

I opened my eyes and there was no longer a roaring crowd, or a big motorcade surrounded by officials, only a glass screen in front of me, emblazoned by green lettering; #7212 FAILED. That's when I remembered, that's when I realised what was at stake, the potential alteration of history itself. The lettering changed, PROCCEED #7213? I took a moment to breathe, then stated clearly "Yes"