First time poster, so sorry if I'm committing some odd faux pas and appreciate any feedback on offer. Anyway, here we go...

-----------------------------------------------

We sat nervously. We knew it wouldn’t be long. By now Penhalligon’s breathing was growing tired, the monitors wired up to his body showed more and more numbers showing up in a vibrant warning red.

The city, tired of the masses panicking at the hospital entrance, had wheeled him out into the open, sat his sleeping body in the middle of a stadium and allowed people to come watch. 

What we tend to call ‘magic’, much to scientists’ dismay, had been discovered years ago. But most of it had been cheap parlor tricks. Making light from your hands, moving items across tables. A few people had managed to move larger objects, construct buildings just be sheer force of will, that sort of thing. But then there was Penhalligon. He could move and teleport mountains, he could make things appear with only a casual thought. He was revered and idolized, showered with the highest honor and fame. So much so that we refer to the old ways as those ‘before Penhalligon’, a time when the human race struggled for survival. We knew he had done so much, and yet we were unsure what. When he passed, what would pass with him? He seemed so integral to the world, it seemed that we all might end with him.

I sat in the stadium. My back was aching from hours of sitting on a hard concrete surface watching a man sleep. But somehow it seemed right to be here, to witness this moment with everyone else. Around the arena TV cameras pointed at Penhalligon’s pale face, contrasted against his regal purple robes, as the world waited its fate. 
Around me, strangers began to speculate.

“I heard he keeps the moon where it is,” said one. “Without him its orbit would be off and it would either spin off into outer space or collide with us here on Earth.”

“He makes the tides happen too,” said another confidently. “Everyday the sea comes rushing in, but his magic pushes it back out again.”

“The earth’s only spins on an axis because he tilted it,” chimed in a third. “He wanted more interesting weather where he lived so he tilted the Earth.”

There was a sudden hush in the crowd as Penhalligon’s breath grew more strained. There seemed to be a faint moan escaping his lips, like a distant sound trapped at the bottom of a watery well. Quickly the speculation began again.

“He managed to make the plants produce oxygen and consume carbon dioxide. Without him we’ll all run out of oxygen eventually.”

“Jupiter used to be small too,” a woman to my right suddenly added. “Then he made it grow so large that its gravity would collect passing asteroids and they would land there instead of here.”

“Don’t forget about the solar winds.” Muttered an old man behind me. People turned at him confused. “He thickened the atmosphere, so that the solar radiation can’t get to us here on Earth. When he’s gone we’ll have to deal with massive doses of radiation...”

He was cut off. It happened. The steady beeping of the machine stopped and was replaced with a monotone groan. Penhalligon was gone.

The stadium gasped. People grabbed onto each other, crying and wailing – not mourning Penhalligon, but dreading the fate that awaited the survivors. 

People looked to the sky, waiting for it to turn from a clear blue into a showering inferno. People looked at the ground waiting for it to fracture and swallow them up. They checked their breathing, sensing if there was still oxygen in the air.

I stared at Penhalligon. And slowly I watched as his robes faded, and were replace by a plain white T-shirt and cargo shorts. And then the memories came back too.

“Wait.” I shouted, standing up from my seat. “That’s Roger Tyler. He went to my school.” I remembered him now, the smart but loathable kid that sat next to me in tenth grade Science.

Then we all remembered. Jupiter had always been that big. The moon caused the tides. The plants evolved that way. The moon really did keep a perfect orbit. The atmosphere had always shielded us. 

There was only one magic spell he had ever done. One to make us worship him instead of the world around us.
