"Just g-g-guh-go on in there, miss, th-they're waiting for you."

The house's caretaker motioned toward the old door, his feet creaking the hardwood floor as he leaned precariously toward the door and beckoned me toward it with his hand.

I adjusted my yoga pants and sweatbands. I can't believe I missed a class of *Western Schism Studies II* for this. How much was the guy paying me in crumpled, yellow notes? $150? Maybe $175 if I sold them as collectibles? He said he got my name from the back of my jersey, but I've never seen him at a game because nobody ever comes to our games except Mother Superior and the Sisters of Mercy.

I thought it was weird that some smelly guy was approaching me outside the athletics building after practice. I was kind of in a hurry; Schisms are actually my big thing. And so's basketball, but, scholarships can only get you so far. It's smarts and faith the rest of the way.

But not too much faith. Or else I'll end up in the convent and then it'll be me sitting alone in the bleachers while my ovaries dry up.

$150 and this guy wasn't even going to break the ice for me?

"Aren't you gonna introduce me? It sorta helps everyone loosen up."

Instead of responding, the guy just crept toward the front door, not taking his eyes off the one he wanted me to go through. I ran the terms by him one more time. I was already paid but it couldn't hurt.

"So, um. You need an exorcist."

"Correct."

"To, emphasis yours, 'ex-*er*-cise' the demons that are disturbing this household."

"Yes ma'am now I'd l-l-luh-like to be sc-scooting, now, if that's alright by you."

There were girls doing much worse for much less in the priory. "Why did it matter that I had actually passed the exam? This is just a gag thing for like a stream or something, right? Hello?"

I guessed it was showtime. I opened the door and was surprised to find a large, uninhabited room. A Edwardian town home with a ballet studio, how quaint.

I was walking along, tracing a line in the dust on the brass handrail, when the door slammed shut. Unperturbed, I looked around the room, soaking in all of its shadows and textures. The peeling paint. The salty air. The face in the middle of the ceiling.

It grimaced. "Oh, no. Not you."

"Hi. Are you the only one showing up? For a little extra we can do cross training. Just come on back to the church with me, we got a great mat."

The face became a large droplet that drooped to the ground, broke from the ceiling, and splashed out a skinless man wearing boxers and a tank top. "I was hoping it'd be someone I could fool around with first."

"Let's start with a standing leg stretch. Up. Higher. If you need me to wait for you to get your balance, that's fine. I can hold this position for an hour. If you want to use the rail, that's fine, too."

He finally stopped bouncing, corrected his wobble, and stretched. "Ha. I still got it."

"Alright let's count to 13. Ooone! Twooo!"

The skinless man put his foot down. "That's not funny. Why don't we count to six hundred and sixty six?"

I stopped and looked him straight in the eye. And I said, "Look, demon, use it or lose it. You want to stay on this earthly plane of existence, then you're gonna have to hang with the big boys. You don't want to work out, no sweat. I can just sit here for the rest of the hour and, uh... drink some water..."

I slowly started unscrewing the cap from my water bottle.

"NO! NO! I'LL EXERCISE! SEEEEE! LOOOOK AT HOW I AM DOING IT!" The demon commenced aerobicizing wildly in all directions.

I did a few kick claps and some jumping jacks. "All right! *That's* the spirit! Here we go one two star formation five six seven and bend at the waist. Back straight. Hold it and five six reach and reach and reach and reach and reach and reach and reach and reach...

Time slowed and the edges of the room disappeared into an endless distance, swirling and bleeding. And the blood caught fire and pooled in the air. I saw stars thrown from heaven, and they struck the earth, and the forests burned and the waters turned to steam. The sun became dark. The earth dried up and became a desert. There was a crack in the desert, and seven beasts crawled out of the crack and built a castle on the sand. One went into the sea, one upon the air, one into the forest, one upon the land, and one into hiding only along the way of the road. Of the last two, one sat as the king upon the throne of the castle, and the other made people say the beast was king of all the world. And the other beast returned to the crack to rule there for seven thousand years. I saw the beast named the king held a scepter of nine gemstones, and in the gemstone of quartz I saw the other beast's rule come to an end. And the beast who went into the sea poisoned the water, the beast who went upon air clouded the air with smoke, the beast who went into the forest burned the forest, the beast who went upon the land flooded the land with urine, the beast who went into hiding along the way of the road twisted every road so everyone was lost, and the beast in the crack crawled from the sand and ate the castle and the beast inside the castle.

"Whew! That was some workout!" The demon rested his hands on his knees, catching his breath.

Time had finally returned to normal. I stumbled over to the railing and caught myself. "What did you do to me--"

My words echoed in an empty room. I looked around but there was no trace of the demon. I stood up, checked my money stash, counted it, and hid it back. At least I didn't get ripped off. I decided to leave, and checked the time. In the bargain, I had got an hour's pay for a five minute session.