The left corner of the man's lip slightly raised. Was he smiling? He didn't look happy. He took small steps forward, staring into the monitor mounted onto the bare wall.  
  
"Hey, do me a favor," the man said. It was insistent despite the absence of any emotion. His face remained frozen as he patiently waited for a response. After a long while, the snow on the monitor flickered briefly, and a strange, motionless puppet appeared. The puppet's "skin" was a mottled white, like a clown that had been rushed through makeup. Black and red eyes sat widely in its eye sockets, leering out from under its thick brow. Neither figure blinked.  
  
"... I'm sorry?" crackled a hushed, raspy voice over a loudspeaker.  
  
"Do me a favor," the man repeated, taking another step forward. "You like puzzles, right? I can show you a puzzle. Can you do me a favor? I want to show you something." That was the third time the man had asked for a favor, each slightly different, yet each possessing that same urgency. His words had blurred together into a mesmeric cadence. His repetitions pounded at the senses, constant reminders of what he wanted.  
  
"How do you know who I am?" said Jigsaw, this time much more loudly and clearly. "This isn't time for games, I'm-"  
  
"I heard you like games," said the man, taking a step to the side while continuing to face the monitor. "I'd like to play a game with you, if that's okay." His right hand lingered briefly against the high sleeves of his tight black t-shirt. The hand fell away, sliding past his pants pockets. The man reached his arm out and twisted his hand around, palm up, producing a sealed deck of cards.  
  
"You were searched, where did you find those?" Jigsaw demanded.  
  
"I always have cards on me," the man calmly replied. "I'm sorry, I'm being impolite. I'm David, it's nice to meet you." With just one hand, the other pressed against his back, David flicked open the seal on the deck of cards and deftly slid the cards out of the box. He tossed the box to the side and began separating the cards into two neat piles and pushing them together, still only using the one hand. "Thanks again for helping me with this," he said, the corner of his lip raising again. For a long while as he shuffled, silence.  
  
"... what are you doing?" Jigsaw finally asked.  
  
"Just making sure you believe the deck's fully randomized," David said. He cut the deck once more and fanned the cards out, facing towards the monitor. "See? Those look shuffled, right?" After waiting the appropriate amount of time for a normal person to nod, David pushed the cards back together and held them close to his body with both hands, right above his waistband. "I want you to think of a card for me. Can you do that?"  
  
"I'm not thinking of a card," came the agitated response from the speakers.  
  
"I'm sure you have one," David said, softly riffling the edges of the cards. "Thanks," he added after a moment. He fanned the cards out again, this time with the faces pointed towards him. He slowly began searching through the deck. "I'm glad you like puzzles, all magic is really just a puzzle," he said, still maintaining his even tone. "The trick, just like putting puzzle pieces together, is finding the exact piece you need."  
  
David furrowed his eyebrows as he reached the end of the deck, slid the cards back together, and started from the beginning. "I'm sorry," he explained, "it's a bit hard to do this under pressure." David looked up at the camera, fingers continuing to move through the deck. "I hope I don't look nervous."  
  
"That will be enough," Jigsaw said.  
  
"You're absolutely right," David replied. "I obviously lost your card, and I'm not much of a guesser." He started slowly pacing back and forth, keeping his torso angled towards the monitor. "None of these cards look right. And they don't feel right. There's really only one other way." David slid the top card off the deck, looked at it briefly, and then crinkled it into his mouth.  
  
"What are you doing!" bellowed Jigsaw.  
  
"Well," David began, speaking out of the corner of his mouth as he chewed, "I couldn't learn how to do this one trick." He swallowed roughly, the wadded-up card's bulge awkwardly stuttering down his throat. "The cards didn't look right, or feel right, so I thought maybe your card would taste right." David took the next card from the deck, but paused. "You know, this will take a long time doing it like this. Maybe..." he trailed off, transfixed by the remaining deck.  
  
David looked back up at the monitor and opened his mouth wide, sticking out his broad tongue. "Glaaaaahhhhhh," he garbled, hooking a finger to each cheek and pulling it aside, showing the insides of his mouth. "Are you convinced? It's an empty mouth, right? Nothing inside there?" Without waiting for a response, David took the deck of cards and pushed them through his lips, stretching his hand deeper and deeper into his mouth as he wedged them into his throat.  
  
Eyes squeezed shut in discomfort, and unable to breath, David buckled over and placed one hand on his thighs for support, his other arm flailing to the side, conducting an invisible symphony. Amidst gagging sounds, David stood back up and gripped his neck with one hand, wrapping his other hand across his mouth. One cough, a second cough, and then both arms waved outward as a cascade of puzzle pieces began spilling out of his mouth, bouncing off the concrete floor. He looked up again finally. The monitor was back to snow.  
  
David smiled.  
  
Some time later, the door to David's room swung open, the metal door's clang reverberating across the empty space. He was gone, only the puzzle pieces remained. Jigsaw bent down and slowly began assembling the pieces. They formed a white rectangle, about the dimensions of a playing card. In a bold, bright red, the number "7" and a heart symbol sat in the middle.