Amory woke in the dark.

He sat up in a panic, breath coming in sharp gasps, hands knotted tightly in thin sheets. His eyes widened, searching in vain for a scrap of light to see by. 

His panic set in deeper until it threatened to choke him. Amory shoved his thumb into his mouth and bit down into the joint. The pain steadied him for a moment until his memory came back, cold and clear if yet incomplete.

"Amory Denali. 34. Jerstor Central Prison. Number 863..." he murmured what he could remember, repeating it as if the repetition could finally make something, anything, stick. 

He stopped when a sharp buzz filled the hall, lights strung to the ceiling clamoring to attention. Panic began rising again and he swallowed it down hard. 

Voices carried down the corridor as the guards began morning rounds. The went to each cell in turn, reading off names and charges and small tidbits of information the well-behaved didn't want to forget.

He already knew his neighbors: Marc to his left, a murderer of four (five? Hell, what did he care) and Jiraya to his right, who kept six girls in his basement for years. Recently z one had committed suicide and they added manslaughter to his list.

A man came into view, black-heeled boots sounding defiantly in the silence. With one white notecard under his nose, the guard began to read.

"Amory Denali. Age thirty four. Jerstor Central Prison. Inmate number 863. 6,925 days incarcerated. Charged and found guilty of..."  And with that, Amory smashed his palms against his ears and began to hum a nonsense tune. He tried to focus on that, on the smell of wet dirt and unwashed bodies, on the metal bars beneath the cot digging into his bones. Anything but the words leaving that man's mouth.

He didn't remember much anymore, especially about that night. He just remembered the smell of blood, of warm bodies and something... Something wrong... Something he had to remember...

But they tore that memory out, leaving his mind an empty sive so they could use it against him. Dark spots littered his mind, and still guilt rolled in his belly.

He finally chanced a look up, and the guard had gone on to torture the man next to him. He could hear his sobs echoing. The bastard.

Prisoner 863 pulled his knees to his chest and once again began his chant: 
"Amory Denali. 34. Jerstor Central Prison. Prisoner 863..."