Sometimes it hurt.

When the squid that were never discovered passed, and there was no one to remember them but us. When the coffins began to grow smaller, and smaller, and the attendance at funerals grew scarcer and scarcer. I even shed a tear as the last human on earth decided they wanted to spend their last day looking upon the waves, the only thing that could still wave back to him.

Sometimes, it hurt to make everything go away.  Because it was all a part of her. 

I felt her die a little every time I silenced a soul. Another little piece of the universe that'd never speak again. 

"This can't be the end," she whispered through tears as the light began to flicker from between her hands. There was no way she could create another planet in time. No way to restart what she once tried to hide from me. "They were smart. They were good."

"They warred with each other every day."

"For every war, there were countless acts of kindness," she snarled. I reached for her; she jumped back in fear and disgust. The tears were now a constant stream across her abalone-shell cheeks. "I gave them free thought. I gave them all of me."

I smiled wistfully. "And maybe that was just not enough."

Life's heart thumped and waned. "I'm scared."

"That's alright. No one truly welcomes me. Everyone is too brave to die." I looked over Life's head, where dozens of galaxies began to shimmer out. The gods she created were now mine. And yet I felt no pleasure in it. "But I will be with you. And we can start again. You can do it better this time."

Her gold hair hung like a curtain over her face. Last time, her hair was like an ocean pouring from her scalp. Life changes her appearance with every incarnation, either benevolent or menacing or just soft seafoam. I'd miss this one. She looked how she should be.  Like how she was in the very beginning. 

"How can I win if everything ends with you?"

"You'll find a way."

She was looking at me now. I couldn't explain the color of her eyes. They flashed and murmured at the same time. "What will I be if I'm not alive?" She asked again.

Her voice may have been different with every version of her, but the question was omnipresent. It was the beginning of man, it was the creation of something as soft and innocent as a bird chirping its first words.  And every time she asked it, there was a pain where my heart should be, as I ached for an answer I could never give.

"You'll be just like me," I whispered.

She didn't flinch when I reached for her.  My fingers brushed the back of her hand and left only marks of decay. They began to spread, a dark purple cloud blossoming under her skin like a thunderstorm.

"I could have saved them," she told me in her last moments. "I could have saved you."

"You have."

Her heart still beat as I grasped it, the last of her seeping into my palm. She was the only warmth I'll ever know. It wasn't like a super nova, her death.  It felt like the first fire humankind had ever lit. A warm, steady thing. A sure thing.

"You won't remember me," I whispered to the small amount of light radiating from my hands. I began to pace the void, looking for a place to settle. It would take a while for her exist in a new form.  I had time to speak. "You'll likely hate me for a while. When the first creatures you breathe decay.  But maybe one day it won't be so bad. And I'll keep doing this. I'll keep you safe and close. Because you'll love me again. I swear it."