Fires roared, and black smoke belched out of the castle. The sky bled as day turned to night. Legions of creatures in black scales marched into lush forests and sleepy villages, leaving only ashes and death in their wake. People covered their faces or threw up their hands in despair at the empty throne. A golden apple tumbled down the marble steps. A sword sparkled inside a block of ice. A queen rested in a coffin. The dead climbed out of their graves. 

****
Chris shuddered and opened his eyes, sweat soaked his clothes. It felt like he’d had one of his usual seizures, only this time the vision had been much clearer. He dragged himself up from the floor of the grocery store and followed aisle six down toward the locker room. His back and thighs were sore after his wife had finally convinced him to get a gym membership, and to clear out his gaming room. He hadn't played in a long time, but with a baby on the way, they needed all the space they could get. The old VR equipment did hold a lot of sentimental value to him, but that hadn’t been enough to convince her to let him keep it.

Running a hand through his graying hair, Chris felt the sweat on his fingers. His last shift was done, and he couldn’t wait to crack open a cold beer and spend the rest of the evening on his sofa, watching the new Game of Thrones episode. Ever since he had stopped playing, he’d had these nightmarish seizures, and the need to binge on fantasy shows. 

Perhaps that was the trigger now, the new season had started, and now his mind tried to tell him to stop working and get watching? His fascination with fantasy was something that his wife, Liza, never got tired of mocking him for. 

‘Why don’t you like football like everyone else your age?’ she’d tell him. ‘We could invite the neighbors over for Super Bowl.’ 

She’d called his need for fantasy *a symptom of withdrawal*, and to be fair, he had spent a lot of time in that game.

When he finally clocked out and left, the sun had already gone down. Heading for the parking lot, he noticed that a group of people was following him. He increased his pace. This part of Detroit could get dangerous after dark. Fumbling with his car keys, he heard someone clear their throat behind him. 

Chris ignored it and opened the car – he had a baseball bat under the passenger seat, just for occasions like this.

With a firm grip on the bat, he turned around. The sight that met him, first made him raise an eyebrow and then burst into a chuckle.

“See, I told you he would recognize us,” said the man wearing a cloaked white robe. “Are you ready, Your Majesty?”

The man in the white robe leaned heavily on a gnarly wooden staff and looked like he was older than a white walker. To his left stood a tall woman, dressed in a silky dress and leather despite the chilly autumn weather, and with a pair of falchions strapped to her hips.

“He doesn’t,” she said and flipped her bloodred hair. “He’s laughing, but he’s afraid of us.”

“You’re funny, Thyme,” said the last one of the three – a man in a bulky full-plate armor and shield – and snorted. “I once saw him charge headfirst into a legion of Vaarcs; he’s as fearless as they come.”

“Listen, guys, even though that armor is absolutely badass,” Chris said with a sigh, “it’s been a long day, and I’m not in the mood. So just go back to whatever convention you’re visiting.”

“With all due respect, this armor is neither bad nor arse, Milord,” the knight rumbled from within his helmet. “The blacksmiths of Laz’durm have worked day and night to make it.”

The woman elbowed the knight in his armored ribs. Her face twisted into a grimace of pain.

“He doesn’t remember, you big oaf,” she snarled and rubbed her arm. “He needs to drink the elixir. Eredran, give him the elixir.”

The old man, who appeared to have fallen asleep leaning on his staff, bobbed his head and awoke.

“Right, right, the elixir,” he mumbled and pulled out a vial filled with a glowing violet liquid. “Here, Your Majesty, have a sip of this.”

Chris laughed again, but this time it was in contempt. He shook his head and got in the driver’s seat. He slammed the door shut, but the gleaming edge of the knight’s claymore stopped it from closing.

“I told you this would happen,” the woman complained and rounded the car, drawing her own weapons.

Cursing loudly, Chris stuck the key in the ignition. The car started with an anxious chortle, but before he could back out, a gauntleted hand grabbed him by the collar and dragged him out onto the ground.

Chris kicked and screamed, trying to break free from these lunatics. He had often worried about getting mugged by thugs or stumble into a gang war, but he had never imagined that he would get jumped by Gandalf, Xena, and The Tin Man.

The knight put his entire weight on Chris, while the woman pried open his mouth. The knees of the old man cracked and whined as he crouched over Chris and popped out the cork.

“Help! Somebody help!” Chris cried out before the purple liquid filled his throat and he coughed.

The woman held her palm over his mouth and pinched his nose shut, forcing him to swallow. His vision blurred, and he started to fade out. The last thing he heard before his senses finally left him was the muttering of the old man.

“Now, where did I put the map back to Celeraan?”

“You drew a map?” Thyme said with a snort. “We’ve only traveled for half a league.”

“Why, of course! That is the first rule of the nexus portal. You always have to be able to find your way back. New realms can be quite disorienting.” Eredran threw out a hand at the mountains made of glass in the distance.

“Let’s go,” the knight rumbled with Chris limply slung over his shoulder.

“Just so,” the old man said. “Lead the way, Sir Dewrose. Take us back to the Decaying Hills!”

“I can’t believe he threw away his portal,” Thyme said, glaring. “Are you sure he wants to be king still?”

“Some rulers are born into power, others are chosen by the people,” said the knight darkly. “A true king can choose many things, but not when his people need him.”

***


r/Lilwa_Dexel for more.