   The town center clock displayed the countdown. 

\*6 HRS 26 MIN TILL SHUTDOWN\* 

The time continued to tick down and despite the peaceful aura the glowing blue holographic numbers emitted my chest felt suffocated and strapped down almost as if someone was yanking the strings tighter with every passing second. 

    Every ten years leading up to the Hibernation Shutdown the rules and requirements were sent to each citizen and household. All those under the age of 105 around the world are required to be micro-chipped. The Chip records everything. Your height, your weight, your occupation, how many sexual partners you've ever had, how many times you brush and floss your teeth a day, everything you do is being recorded by the Chip. Living life unChipped is virtually impossible. You can't purchase groceries without one, or go to University, get married, drive a hyper speed car, drive a regular car if you can still find one, or even use a public restroom without one. 

   Each Hibernation period ten people on each continent are excluded from the shutdown. These ten are chosen based on the information saved by each Chip. The global requirements for those picked to be a part of the ten state that all participants must be under the age of thirty and in optimal health with no concerning genetic risk factors. 

\*30 MIN TILL SHUTDOWN\*

   Most people at this time are either finishing up calls and visitations with loved ones, at the bar racking up what will surely be the most extensive and expensive tab of their life, or spending their last few minutes tangled in bed sheets with a lover they won't get to see again for a century. I have no family left to call. I have no way of opening a tab at the bar or even buying a single drink. I have no one to spend my last few hours and minutes with in a sex induced haze. I've effectively spent my whole life living in the shadows. 

   I had no idea what would happen to me after I stepped into the hibernation pod. Would the pod even activate? Would I spend the rest of my life trapped alive in that clear chamber...or excuse me "Hibernation Pod 3000." Everything in my life up until now has always been difficult but manageable. I've always been able to stay one step ahead. As I walk into the shutdown center I detect the faintest scent of vanilla and cinnamon as I step into the elevator. I reach into my back pocket to pull out the crumpled blue paper that lists what level and room my pod is in. 

\*FLOOR 3,252  ROOM 103  POD 32\*

   There's no way my floor number is correct. They must have mixed my pod number with the floor number. The elevator doors start to close and I go to press lvl 32 but as I reach my hand forward I realize there are no buttons. A holographic keyboard pops up as the doors finish closing and a woman's voice fills the elevator instructing me to enter my four digit floor number on the keyboard. After a quick 3 minute elevator ride I've reached my destination. I manage to find my room and pod eventually and I step inside. I lean my back against the white padded interior that's lined in blue. The color combination reminds me of the boat in which I spent the majority of my summers on when I was younger with my father. I aligned my feet with the two yellow footprints printed onto the floor. The backs of my arms stick to the padded wall, even my forearms and elbows seemed to be slick with sweat. At this point I'm officially sure I've ruined my favorite shirt with the pools of perspiration triggered by the rising panic I felt as the room lights started to dim.

\*5...4...3...2...1 SECONDS TILL SHUTDOWN\*

   I heard the automatic locks start to click shut as well as the hiss of the hibernation chemicals being released into the thousands of other pods around me. My lock did not activate and close. There was no concoction of sleeping chemicals released out of the floor vents in a thick fog like everyone else's pods seemed to be filled with. The strings that were previously tightening the inside of my chest felt like they were cut almost as if someone had ran a sharp knife against each one snapping them loose. I didn't die. I didn't die. I didn't fucking die. 

   The secret I've been keeping for over twenty one years is finally over but I'm no longer one step ahead. I'm unChipped and have absolutely no clue what I'm supposed to do for the next century. 