Everyday is the same routine for me. I get up, prepare myself for the day as quickly as possible, make the dreaded mile walk from my home to the bus stop, go to work, hop back on the bus to get home, then crash in bed watching whatever looks good on Netflix. I liked the flow of events at first, but now it's just getting monotonous. However, today was a bit different.

Everything started out as it usually functions. I headed out the door and made my way toward the bus stop after my uninteresting morning, I pulled out the exact change for my bus pass from the bag and sat in the same disgusting bus seat, and I started working my unbelievably boring desk job. I'm not gonna lie, a few times I pulled a shot of whiskey out from the bag just to get through my day. The hours drudged on and the day finally came to a close. I swung open the door to my office as I made my way back toward the bus stop.

As I stepped onto the grimy steps on the bus, I reached into my bag and instinctively pulled my hand out clumsily with what I thought was going to be exact change. Instead, I pulled out a fully loaded Glock 19. After nearly offering this "payment" to the bus driver, I thrust my hand back into the bag and felt my heart drop. Damnit. I wanted a more interesting routine to my day but this is definitely not what I had in mind. I offered the bus driver whatever change I had in my pocket and sat down.

Well shit. For some unknown reason, the bag of requirement gave me a loaded gun. I don't know what this means, but it definitely doesn't mean I'm watching Parks and Recreation tonight. My hands began to sweat as the bus creeped closer and closer to my stop. Finally, the doors opened and I stood up with weak knees. I cautiously stepped off the bus and onto the busy sidewalk.

As I walked home, I reached into my bag at even the slightest sign of danger. The man that sneezed directly behind me nearly had a gun shoved in his mouth. I had to calm down. Maybe the bag was wrong. Maybe I would have a lovely day and be invited to a shooting range or something. I had just eased my worries when I heard it. A loud, high-pitched ringing noise came from my left. I turned my head and saw a jewelry store filled with masked men waving around guns and whatnot.

It became clear what I had to do at that point. I reached into my bag, took a deep breath, nearly shat myself, and entered a full sprint toward the store. I swung open the door and pulled the gun out of the satchel along with a black ski mask. I stretched the mask over my sweating face and fired a few warning shots into the ceiling. The familiar voice of Frank spoke first. "Nice of you to join us for once." This was certainly going to be an interesting routine change.