Today I turned 35 years old. Most people would have a celebration on their birthday. They'd have a cake with candles and friends over with tons of activities. But me? I'm in a bunker 300 feet in the ground by myself surrounded by enough food, water and supplies to last me half a century. Today just like on all of my birthdays I've gotten a letter. I'm not sure who they are from or what they want, but every single letter I've received just like the one given to me on the day I was born said "see you in 35 years." well obviously each year it's one year less. Today's letter was the one I'd been dreading the most. I was expecting it to say something like "I'm right here turn around!" And It'd be some stupid elaborate prank to screw with someone for 35 years, but no. It read "see you tomorrow," but it wasn't just the words that bothered me. It was the texture of the letter. Each letter every year had been sent in the exact same envelope, same touch, same smell, same size, same everything. Nothing was ever amiss. This letter... it felt... it felt like human skin. I could be just going crazy, maybe all of this is in my head, but the instant I had touched the letter I wanted to burn it. It even felt... warm like living flesh.

Now I had this horrible feeling on top of the texture that wouldn't leave my mind, like someone had just punched a hole in my stomach. I had to drop it, to destroy it. So I took it to the wash room and shot it down the waste tube, where everything was incinerated. The Bunker actually has multiple floors. The wash room being on the bottom floor for obvious reasons. You could reach each floor with the emergency elevator shaft it's hand cranked, pass code protected and totally secure. Or you could take the stairs, which was only accessible with a security badge, un-hackable and impossible to replicate.

You see, each year I didn't just sit by waiting for the day my random letter sender would show up. At first I didn't really think much of it, like I said it has to be a prank right? At around 10 or 11 when I had actually seen the first letter I knew there was a real possibility at 35 I'd be a dead man. I asked my parents to enroll me in the local martial arts courses the next day. At 15 years old I was a black belt in Taekwondo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Karate, and Judo. When I turned 18 I joined the military and served two tours during active combat during Desert Storm. As soon as I came back I took up engineering and computer programming in my spare time and worked on security systems for filthy rich people. The company I'm working for is the leading company in top tech, 100% secure panic rooms, safe houses, bomb bunkers you name it.

I have hand built the very bunker I'm standing in piece by piece and bolt by bolt. If anyone is somehow going to breach this bunker They'd have to get past the built in defense system. Hard wired personnel monitoring means if I just "disappear" the bunker will know and dispatch drones to find me. If any unregistered personnel take so much as a step in any of the rooms the whole system goes into lock down. Every section gets cut off from the other and the alerted room gets filled with 10,000 rounds of 9mm heavy jacket slugs from a series of automated turrets.

There was another 16 hours to kill from now until tomorrow came. I figured it was a good chance to double and triple check all of my systems, make sure the defenses were up to par. I remembered doing my rounds, checking supplies, checking systems and that was it. When I woke up the next day it's as if I'd forgotten everything like I hadn't gotten a single one of the 35 letters that'd been sent.I started my morning per usual with a cup of coffee, eggs, toast and bacon. Then my head started pounding.

This wasn't a headache sort of pounding going on it was more like a pulse of force on and off my heart was even thumping to the pace of it. I was starting to get dizzy, "shit this is not good." I'd thought to myself. before I could catch my fall my head had hit the corner of the dining room table and I was out cold. When I woke up the entire bunker system was on the fritz. Alert lights and sensors were going haywire. How the hell did that happen? I double, no I triple checked all my systems yesterday. I checked the generators, fuel, absolutely everything and yet my bunker is in full freak out mode.

When these bunkers go on high alert everything locks down like I said before, but I'm also stuck. I didn't want to set any sort of master clearance in the fear that whoever was sending these letters might put some sort of mind altering chemical in the paper and force me to unlock my way out, but this didn't feel like something someone could have done, unless they were in some serious level of government. Even then they'd have a hell of a time even shutting a single door let along causing this.

I took a deep breath and went to the emergency alert console where I could contact local authorities or a hospital if I needed to. The finger scan went through, but the line was dead, so I went to the satellite phone too, keyed in the pin code typed in 911 and still nothing. It wasn't long before the ground above the bunker had began to start to rumble. About 10-15 minutes passed after that and the whole place was shaking violently. Inventory started flying out of shelves and glass in the cabinets started to shatter. This was it. I was destined to die today and there wasn't anything I could have done in my past to prevent it I guess. The ceiling started to cave in, which should be impossible in a bunker designed to withstand a nuclear warhead detonating above it. Just as the lighting system  began to fail this faint orb had started to glow inside the center of the room.

The orb had actually started to pulse and with each pulse it would light up the room brighter and get a little larger. The pulsing was getting more and more frantic and then a high pitched screech blasted through my ear drums and I was getting pulled into the center of the pulsing light. just as I was about to be consumed by the light a shock wave hit me across the chest and sent me flying across the room crashing into a spare clothes locker.

My forehead was bleeding and I was disoriented from the shockwave. Trying to gather myself I looked up towards the center of the room and here is this green like sphere glowing like the sun. It was dark green in the center and the edges kind of faded into reality almost like a blurred mirror. At this point the ringing in my ears stopped and I could hear something muffled. "Dan can you hear me?" "DAN CAN YOU HEAR ME?! IT'S TIME TO GO DAN? REMEMBER?" I yelled out as best as I could "Where are we going? Who are you?!" "It's me Dan! I sent you the letters today is the day! It's you Dan I'm you! Come with me and I can explain!" The ceiling was inches away from crushing us and I didn't have time to say anything more so I dived through whatever the hell that green light was as fast as I could. While I was jumping through I turned my head back to make sure I? was coming. Then the ceiling collapsed and I saw my own neck snap like a twig.