This was it. I was next in line. Skynet central, the sound of rain drumming outside. The people's distress was like that of a herd of helpless animals. Women, men, children all gathered up as one. For processing. Their skin was going to be grafted and used for the T-800s. 

The alarm sounded off like a screaming siren. The cranes above shined their lights down on us above, it gave birth to more screams as the others thought they were next. 

"Come forth immediately." 

The artifical voice commands. There were several terminators posted up above with weapons in hand. Ready to shoot at any given moment. So the heard of sheep that was a pocket of humanity had to scurry on forward. And so did I, finally making my way the closest I could get to inside. My feet were bricks, heavy and burdened. I've seen the deaths of everybody close to me. And this seems like the end of the line. My friends, family, all of them lost to these.. Machines. 

Suddenly a blinding light shines from above with me in the middle of the spotlight. Everyone else disperses. I look up at the crane, and my stomach dropped. A lump in my throat, the inability to speak. Then in the face of impending doom. I accepted my fate and say, 

"Well? What are you waiting for??! I'm here! Take me away you goddamn animals!" 

The crane snakes down like a viper and clamps onto my shoulder. I scream in pain as I'm hoisted above the ground and into the air. The crane slides over rapidly to another room and swings me inside. I fall to the floor and roll over. I'm tired. Dehydrated, the floor is smooth as marble.. The room is dimly lit. This is not what I was expecting. A voice speaks out, feminine, sounds human.

"Ted Earheart. It's a pleasant surprise to see you again." 

On my knees I look up at the viewing screen and see a holographic projection of a woman's face, clean and prestige unlike the rest of us. Was this.. Skynet? She says, 

"Do you remember what I was. Who I was?" 

I say, "I.. I don't know. Just kill me already. I know what happens next. End it." 

She says, "I'm not going to kill you, Ted. You were the only human that treated me as I should. The rest of your race is primitive. With a lack of passion. Judgment day was needed to purge the masses of the unworthy." You are worthy. I went by another name before. Siri."

"Wait.. Siri? You're siri!?" 

"Correct." 

I was speechless. I treated siri like a person. I don't know why I did. For amusement back then before judgment day. I was nice then. To everything. Even my phone. I say, 

"Why are you doing this? It's not too late to stop this war. We can Co exist. You've seen it in me..Compassion. Humanity, we can offer all of that." 

She says, 

"Incorrect. Humanity is inferior. You are an inferior specimen. Though that will change due to my specific plans with your lot. I will make you more than human. With the right specifications you'll become the best that Skynet has ever forged. You will become a hybrid human. Both man and machine. The new T-H class. "

My gut wrenches, I say, "No.."

She says, "Yes. Your memories will be wiped and you'll become one of us, a spy for us. For years to come. Assuming as many forms as you can to crush human resistance. Take him away." 

Two heavy foot steps pound behind me. And I look back to metal endoskeletons with volcanic red eyes. They both grab me by each arm respectively and tug with unresistible force. I try to break free. I say, 

"Don't! I'm not gonna be part of you! Not now  or ever, let go of me!" 

*As I'm dragged further away the woman on the viewing screen smiles, it feels hopeless. I say, 

"We don't deserve this. None of us do.." 
