The copper piece laid in my palm. It was barely a gram, if that, and yet it felt like someonehad dropped a sack of bricks into my hand. I stared, mystified at what looked to be a perfect recreation of my face, right down to the birthmark on the right side of my chin. 

“Henry? What’s wrong?” My girlfriend’s voice snapped me out of my trance. “Nothing!” I said, probably a bit too sharply. Jess doesn’t deserve that. “Sorry, just tired, I guess”, I said apologetically. Being tired is the one thing that would rationalize the sight of my face on the penny, a penny from 2044, no less. I grabbed Jess’s hand, and we walked down the street towards our favorite seafood place. 

Dinner was fine. The crab cakes were okay, I guess, but that serves me right for ordering anything other than my usual. I focused on Jess’s work story harder than I’ve ever done before- I’d like to clarify that I’m not a bad boyfriend, it’s just that you can only hear so many stories about “that bitch Cynthia from HR” before they start to blend together.” Oh well, anything to distract me from the intense mindfuck that was the apparent image of my older self, President Henry Williams. 

I dropped her off at her place, and I returned to mine, too confused for sex tonight. My mind raced, every possibility raced through my mind. A minting accident? A bad mold? No, this was too explicitly me to be a bastardization of Honest Abe. After a few hours of frenetic and fruitless googling, I fell asleep.

The next morning, I woke up and started my routine. I turn on CNN, and I see a host of panelists chiding the President’s new “E Pluribus YOUnum” initiative, where any American willing to submit a side profile could have themselves on a commemorative penny. “It’s gonna be great! This really is something special, a huge deal that you wouldn’t see those country-hating folks like Nancy and Chuck put out!” 

As the Commander-in-Cheeto continued his soundbite, I thought to myself that this was a waste of taxpayer dollars, before it hit me. That’s what it was! Some commemorative penny that looked like me, with an odd number for some reason. There’s enough people in this country where at least one looks like me. Mystery solved. I pulled the penny from my pocket and looked at it. 

Pfft. Me, being president in the future. It was ridiculous to begin with, but then again, it’s not like I’d be any worse than the guy we have now. 

—26 Years Later, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.—

My Chief of Staff, Barry Arnold, sits in front of me, holding out a set of new pennies with my face emblazoned upon them. I take my pen, and circle the third from the left, in the second row. “There, that one. It looks just like Lincoln’s, nobody will know the difference!” Barry and I share a laugh, and Sec. of State Jamal Hemmingway walks into the room. 

“Mr. President, the Venezuelans have agreed to sign the treaty. The last holdout of our Pan-American States is ready to join the union.” “Fantastic!” I reply, beaming. Two continents were now joined in a mutual pact of prosperity and global strength. Barry turns back to me. “You know, if Mognaham beat you in ‘36, this never would’ve happened. She’d have capitulated to the Chinese, and our sphere of influence would be nonexistent. We couldn’t have made these strides without you.” 

I smirk, feigning humility. “Sometimes I’d like to think that, but I know it isn’t true.” Jamal turns, and leaves the room, shutting the door behind him. “Listen, Barry, if we want to make sure this happens, we need to send this through “The Project” ASAP.” “Yes, Mr. President.” responds Barry. 

“Sure, it’ll freak him out.” I say to myself, “But once he finds this, it’ll be the start of everything.” 