“But I don’t want to invite him!” 
Charlie folded his arms forcefully and stomped his foot on the pavement. 

“…Mom!” 

His mother was ignoring him, busy with the mailbox, which never opened without a fight. She held a bag of groceries in one hand; the other was busy fiddling with the handle. Glancing up, she looked at him distractedly and then back to the mailbox. It seemed to be frozen shut.

“Mom!” He repeated.

She stood abruptly and glared at him, releasing a steamy breath out of her nostrils that reminded him distinctly of a cartoon character. 

“Charlie, this isn’t up for discussion.” She turned back to the mailbox and started hitting it gingerly, muttering under her breath.

Her voice was icy. She didn’t have time for this, Charlie knew. But hey, it was his birthday party, and it had to perfect. He had to tread carefully.

“But Moooom,” he began, ready to make a speech, “It’s my birthday party, and if he comes, then– “

*Slam*. 

The mailbox opened with a bang as his Mom thumped the side of it with her hand. She sighed audibly, and reached inside for the mail, drawing out a thin stack of envelopes, which she glanced through quickly. One had a big, red, “Overdue” notice stamped across the front. She checked to see if Charlie had seen. He hadn’t.
 
“—And if there’s an old person there, the rest of the kids will –“

“Charlie.”

She interjected him, motioning and walking towards their condo –apartment 3A. Charlie followed, pouting. She continued stonily as he caught up to her and took the bag of groceries from her hands. 

“Your grandfather flew in all the way from the other side of the country to be here. Just to see you for your birthday. Just like he’s done every year since your father left. What’re you going to tell him, that he’s not invited?” She looked at Charlie expectantly. His face was screwed up in pensive thought. 

“Charlie!” 

“I mean, no but…but he’s so *boring*.”

“Don’t be mean”, she scolded. “He’s not boring, he’s old. And he’s coming, so you’re just going to have to deal with it.” 

Charlie pursed his lips as they entered the home, hanging up their coats and removing their shoes. Finally he stood in front of his mom, blocking her path. He took a deep breath. 

“Mom. Ellie Russo is gonna be there.” His eyes shaded over dreamily and his mom put her hand on her hip expectantly. “She’s the love of my life and everything has to be perfect. This is my chance for true love, can’t you understand?! Not to mention all the guys will be there, and I can’t get embarrassed again, I just can’t. If one of my invites is my grandpa, I’ll *die*.” 

He waddled after his mom as she rolled her eyes and darted past him, placing the mail and groceries on the table, where she began to unpack. His voice turned steely. 

“Look. Last birthday I had he came and barely said a word. He just awkwardly sat there reading the newspaper, smiling and staring at me. It was weird. So weird. And when it was his turn to bowl, I think he fell asleep for a little when he got to the line! How does that even happen? I never heard the end of it at school... Please, please, please don’t put me through that again!”

His mom chuckled softly and placed a carton of milk in the fridge. Reaching for the next item, she looked at him and smiled softly. 

“You look, Mr. Drama, I’m sure for this one he’ll probably just sit by the side with me and read the newspaper again. He stays out of your way - he just wants to be there. He loves you and it makes him happy. So let him be happy, all right?”

“But what about my happiness? It’s *my birthday!*”

His mom took a deep breath and went over to him, crouching down to his level and placing her hand on his head. 

 “My love,” she began quietly, “Sometimes it's important to put those you love’s happiness before your own. He is doing it for you, though you may not be able to see it right now. Do something for him too, OK? Let him come. You may be surprised at what happens.”  She winked knowingly and finished putting the groceries away, as Charles grumbled and went upstairs. 

“*Probably*, reading the newspaper?” He asked himself. “That’s all he ever does…” 
 
**Part 2 to come, along with major badassery** 
