Pt. 1
Everyone feared the reaper. 
Dinner table discussions regularly featured tales of visits from the reaper. The unceremonious collection of souls before their time. Of course, he took those who were ready as well, but the mystery of the reaper fascinated and bewildered people the world over. And we were all at its mercy.
What drew him to houses and family groups, where he would return taking one soul after the other without rhyme or reason? There had been entire studies dedicated to tracking the movements and appearances of the reaper. The only conclusion made was that there was no conclusion. No pattern. There simply was no explanation.
The idea of a soul seemed like a funny thing to me. Something that sheltered inside your body until the body wore out or, the alternative, the soul was harvested before its time. Was the soul a separate entity to the body? Are my thoughts my own or are they my souls?
The night was still. So still that you could almost hear the twinkle of the stars in the sky, a silent song that lulled you to sleep when the wind couldn't. But it wasn't enough to quiet my mind and I lay in bed, in the attic above my parent's house thinking; I had spent too many of my adult years living at home. The angular window that gave me a glimpse of the clear sky was interrupted by baron branches reaching for the glass like dark fingers.
They made me think of the reaper. Everyone feared the reaper. Everyone but me. 
The house was old. It had a history. The walls and floors spoke of times gone past in their own static language that was yet to be deciphered. I listened at night, to the creaks and groans and marvelled at what they were saying. Were they trying to tell me something? Tonight, they were particularly talkative. The noises of the house angry and more frantic than their usually harmonious late-night song. 
A tap on glass. The window? No. Wait. It was on my door. Tink. Tink. Tink. The tap again. It was unmissable this time. The sound of metal tapping glass, a sound that signalled the coming shatter, a sign of the reapers imminent presence.
The door handle smoothly turned and released the door from its hold, the scythe entered the room, followed by the black mass of the reaper. In the deep of the night, it was hard to make out. Tendrils of a black fog delivered the scythe to my room, but slowly, surely, the fog whittled down to take the form of a human. A smaller human than I had imagined. A woman. 
She was small in stature, petite, with thin fawn coloured hair that was plaited and wound around her head, her frail arm slid from her black dress. The dress looked as though it was straight out of the 12th century, a fitted bodice adorned with patterned ribbon, its skirts fanning out from the hips flowing to the floor with an elegance that was not found in today's dress. The sleeves were long. Longer than her arms, they covered her hands, the fabric became part of the dress until she rose her arm, reaching for the scythe that had entered the room on the black cloud of the woman.
"Hello, Felix," her voice was soft and musical. Sweet almost. Surprising. Not what I had expected.   
"Hello," although I had never feared the reaper, I always wondered if that would stick in the event of its appearance. It did. I was entirely calm. Surprisingly.
"So. Another one like me," the reaper said, slightly amused but not shocked. She slowly moved to the bed and sat on its edge, her hand reached out and touched my leg, gently, maternally. 
"Uh? Like you?" I was perplexed. She was intriguingly beautiful. Her cherry lips lightly curled at their edges. Death was supposed to be scary, ugly. This was unanticipated.
"I have some bad news for you, Felix," the curl of her lips faded and she looked up at me through lashes that hooded her hazel eyes. "I came for your father tonight," and there it was. Still no fear, but a punch in the guts. The wind was totally gone from my body, I gasped for air, but then her hand reached for my face, and at its touch my cheek a calm was bestowed upon me. A coolness that spread from her hand all over my skin until I felt it in the far reaches of my fingers and toes.
"Why?" was all I could manage.
"If you are wondering whether he was taken before his time. Then yes. He was." She paused. "But there is a reason." A look of incredulous bitterness rose in my throat. 
"Really? Then why? Tell me? People have been searching for the answers to your reaping's since the beginning of time. Why give this information to me now?"
"Because. As I said. You are like me."
"Yeeeahhhh," I said low and slow, wishing she would just leave me alone. I would have to deal with my mother and sister now and grieve for my father. But as I was thinking of what was to come, she stopped me, reading my thoughts.
"You won't be able to comfort your mother and sister. Sorry, but it doesn't work like that." At that, I jumped out of my bed the residual calm that tingled over my skin all but gone, swiftly replaced by angers heat.
"Lady, you are really starting to piss me off!" she abruptly shot up, her hand emerging from the billowing black sleeve and clasped my wrist with a grip that handcuffed me to her. 
I struggled against her, trying to break free from her hold. But her supernatural force, leant to her by her status as the reaper kept her hand steadfast. While I was struggling, I didn't notice that the black fog had again appeared and this time, instead of only surrounding the beguiling ancient woman, it also engulfed me. 
As the fog grew, it moved and with small movements began swirling, a small cyclone that we were in the middle of. My room remained still, the developing cyclone not touching a single strand of my belongings. When enough force had built around us, we were transported in a blink from my house into the sky above it.

 I could see the house getting smaller and smaller below my feet, hear its calls groaning into the night, as we were getting higher and higher. While I was looking down, the reaper was looking up. Satisfaction smeared on her face in the guise of a smile. 
"What is happening?" I yelled, but it was no use. She didn't answer. I still wasn't scared.
Our speed into the atmosphere eventually slowed, and as it did a new room came into view around us, built by white clouds and black fog alike. Solid but dreamy. Real but not. 
The room was twisted and gnarled, like nature. The walls made of trunk and root, like we were in the base of gigantic tree. There was nothing of my world there, no crisp lines or soft linens. Although the space was foreign, it was comforting in a way.
"Would you like to tell me what is going on? Where are we?" I said, finding it hard to mask my amazement.
"We are in the lair of the reaper, which for the minute is me," she said, watching me take in the new information. I already knew of course, but I needed verbal confirmation of what seemed like the impossible.
"The lair of the reaper hey? No wonder no one had even been able to find you!" a new sense of awe came over me and I had forgotten my father and the minutes preceding our arrival in this fantastical new place.
"Do you know what the mystery of the reaper is?" she said casually as fingered the scythe that hadn't yet left her side, it was an extension of her own arm. Of course, it was a rhetorical question.
"Nobody does."
"This is where we are the same," she said, glancing at him with a knowing look. "Have you ever felt different? Lesser somehow. Like you were never quite settled." I didn't want to answer, feeling like I was being drawn into a trap. She clearly already knew the answer, her face told me that. She leaned in, ready to spill the secret. "You don't have a soul. Like I don't have a soul."
I contemplated before answering, "How can I not have a soul?"
"It's a glitch in the soul system. When babies are born, souls are rapidly syphoned into awakening bodies. Every now and then there is a glitch and a soul misses an opening," she said this all in a very matter of fact way. Factual information spilling as if she hadn't just told me I was soulless. 
"So, I don't have a soul? What does that even mean?" I could hear myself. I sounded like a petulant child.
"Those without souls become reapers, and our mystery is our never-ending search for that soul, the one which belonged to us." So much now made sense.
"So that is why you take people before their time. To steal their soul?"
"It isn't an easy process, and it technically isn't stealing when it was meant for us in the first place. When we find a lead, we go and attempt to take the soul and hold it in our body hoping for a match. Unfortunately, we can't screen the soul without killing the host. So that is the mystery. In a nutshell."
"If I am to believe that I am a reaper, then why have I lived a normal life. I don't go around killing people. I don't have a magical scythe that leads me to poor innocent people who happen to be born with the wrong soul!"
"You have to have a scythe bestowed upon you. The way it goes is usually when a soul connection of a reaper is found, it is near the reaper who will inherit the scythe of the one who is entering their peace. My search is over, I am due in the afterlife now." I was attempting to piece together what she was telling me. But it was so much new and strange information that it was hard to decipher. "Felix, your father had my soul."