"Ayy, nice posse o' high fantasy heroes you's gots there.  Be a real shame if somethin' happened to it."  And just like dat, I was in.  I had a deal with the DM:  I take care o' his paladin problem, and he don't tell no coppers where I hid his brother's body.

"Ye verily, knave, give us your name!"  Dat was the sorceress Esmerelda.  She was one fine witch, if ya know what I'm sayin'.  Well, da character was fine.  The player had acne.  And eczema.  And was a guy.

"Da name's Blue-Nose Petey.  What's it to ya?"  Dat was me.  Blue-Nose Petey. Da paladin piped up.
 
"Petey, you can't use your real name in the game!  It has to be something that fits a fantasy setting." I could see why ol' DM wanted him dead.  I mean wanted his character dead.

"Fine, fine, da name's Sir Petey of House Blue-Nose.   Now's which one o' you's is lookin' to make some cash money?  I know a real secluded grove with a whole lotta treasure in it.  It's right between da Shimmerin' Lake and a conveniently placed unmarked grave."  I could see a glimmer in dat greedy paladin's eyes.

"I am Sir Big-Bone of the Tendie Empire!  We shall all accompany you to this grove.  These are my companions, Esmerelda the sorceress, Faldor the rogue, and Kevin, the former Blockbuster employee."  Kevin was da character assigned to the DM's cat.  He was a real strange guy.  Da cat had a pretty well-balanced character sheet, tho.    Still, I couldn't let them do-gooders muck up tha plan.

"Sorry, Esmerelda, da grove's kinda a "boy-only" type grove.  Ain't no X-chromosomes allowed." 

"Dude, everyone has an X-chromoso-"  I didn't let ol' Esmerelda finish.

"And you, Faldor:  I'd let you come, but da grove ain't wheelchair-accessible or nothin'.  Sorry, no ADA compliance in medieval times an' shit."

"You know, just because I'm in a wheelchair doesn't mean my character is."  I don't speak disabled so I only caught bits-and-pieces o' dat one.

"And Kevin-  Actually, Kevin, yous can come along wit' me an' ol' Bonesy here."  Kevin owed me money.  Two birds, one stone an' shit.

Esmerelda and Faldor wasn't too happy about bein' left out, but it gave 'em an excuse to go to da store for more Mountain Dew.  So's it was jus' me, Kevin, DM, and ol' Big-Bone.

"Lead the way, knave!  Kevin, keep close, and keep your dagger in-hand." Kevin meowed in agreement.  He always was a bootlicker.  Da DM tried to take some initiative.

"You set out for the hidden grove, but the dark forest's evil fog clouds your vision.  Roll 30 for navigation."  Damn, who's side was this DM on?  I rolled da dice.  27.  I just barely made it.

"You creep through the fog, stumbling upon an eerie grove beside the Shimmering Lake.  To your right is a hole in the ground, along with a shovel.  Written on the shovel is, 'Property o' Blue-Nose Petey an' shit.'  Ahead of you is a plain-looking barrel with the word "Treshure" misspelled across the front of it."  Da paladin wasn't smart enough to see thru da ruse.

"I rush to the treasure!  I shall keep it all for myself!  I am so powerful that none shall stop me!"  I had dat son-of-a-bitch right where I wanted him.

"I pulls out my gun an' shoots ol' BIg-Bone."  Da paladin piped up.

"No fair no fair no faaiiirrr!  Petey, you don't have a gun.  This is a fantasy setting!  Play right or my mom isn't gonna give you any Ben and Jerry's when she gets home from work!"

"Oh yeah?  Well, my character sheet says I gotta gun.  DM, you wanna handle dis?"  Da DM handled it.

"He has a gun."  Paladin wouldn't have it, tho.

"What?  What kind of DM are you?  You can't let a character use a gun!  No faaaaiiirr!"  Dat's when I let him in on my little surprise an' shit.

"No, he means I gots a real gun an' shit." And dats when I pulled out my real gun and shot ol' Small-ears Jack dead.  Dat was da guy's real name.  Small-ears Jack.  We called 'im dat on account o' he couldn't farm corn too good.  Anyway, he bled out pretty fast.

"Alright, DM-mie.  You got one dead paladin, and one dead brother, and ain't nobody gots to ever know about either of 'em.  Got it?"  DM gave me a thousand-island stare.  I means a thousand-yard stare.

"No, Petey.  You got it."

"Gots what?"

"A bullet."  Just then, Kevin stepped into my view an' shit.  Da cat had a gun.  Da cat shot me with its gun.

"Damn, you two's was in on dis da whole time.  Havin' me do your dirty works an' shit. I shoulda known.  But why?  Why did you's an' Kevin have ta cut ol' Blue-Nose down in his prime?"  DM looked at me with pure hatred an' shit.

"Petey, do you remember what you were doing on the night of July 14, 1995?" 

"O' course I do.  I was watchin' Robocop on cable TV an' shit." 

"Correct!  And did you know that you could see it commercial-free for a reasonable price?" 

"Yeah, but dat woulda meant drivin' all da way down ta- ..."  I hesitated.  Da DM screamed at me.

"Say it, you cad!" Da blood-drenched words escaped my lips an' shit.

"Blockbuster." 

"Yes, Petey!  Blockbuster!  You are single-handedly responsible for everything that has befallen Kevin since he lost his job!  You destroyed a beloved corporation and Kevin's life, all because you were too lazy to patronize your friendly neighborhood Blockbuster!"  It's worth reiteratin' here dat Kevin was just a character.  Da cat's real name was Fluffy.

"Dat seems unrealistic an' shit.  Dere was a lotta factors dat led to da demise o-" But before I could finish discussin' da finer points of da ways technology drives our dynamic economy an' shit, I collapsed.  An' shit.

My last thoughts was dat Esmerelda and Faldor was gonna be pretty freaked out comin' back to two dead guys an' a cat with a gun.