I was cursed with immortality. In the old God and Glory days, men would have fought and died for what I had. Initially, it hadn’t seemed like much of a curse for that very reason. Then I realized when everyone aged but me that I would have to leave my family and hide away before my neighbors started sizing me up for a stake. I watched my daughters continue without me, my husband wither and die. Every friend I ever had, every family member. People never usually lived enough generations to see their direct line feel foreign and like strangers to them, but I had. I stopped watching my great grandchildren and became completely socially unmoored.

The nature of people changed so much over the years. The brutality of the old age was mostly perpetrated by wealthy countries on those less so, and out of sight and mind of the common citizen. They were more secular, and never would have believed in witches or curses. They believe in science… and as such, would happily dissect me to figure out what had changed me.

I believe in science, too.

I’d worked for years, between multiple identities and in different labs, but I finally had everything ready. I wasn’t troubled by the lives that would be lost – I’d lost that deeply human part of me long ago. No one was meant to live as long as I had… it did something to you, something you couldn’t undo or get back. But soon, that would be over.

Unnoticeably for the other subway passengers, I stood gripping the rail with a handkerchief in my hand. I brushed it along the railing as I went up the stairs, which many strange hands also passed over. It touched the doors I opened. When I felt it might lose potency, I wet the handkerchief with the water bottle in my purse. A plague to end all plagues sat unassumingly in my simple, clear, plastic water bottle. For the first time in many centuries, I felt a sense of relief. I couldn’t go to every corner of the globe. I couldn’t possibly account for every country, every area. But I could start in this city, with this subway. Then the airport, keeping my handkerchief free and stowing my water bottle – but not before taking a swig myself.

As with every other illness, I was immune… but a carrier.
