  Mainly I get applause. That’s the most common response, although not my favourite. That position went to money, although it didn’t happen quite as often as I’d like. Sometimes there was laughter, even the occasional “ooh”, or “aah”. There was even, depending on the city, and the crowd, bored silence or taunts. I’d had it all. Or at least I thought I had, until now.

I was new to the city of Grana, a few days boat journey from the places I was more used to. Of course, being there for the next few weeks carried a pretty harsh death sentence, so I had figured I’d hole up somewhere a little farther afield, just until things cooled down. Did I have the money for this surprise trip? Not the amount I’d want, but enough. Besides, if you knew some card tricks, you can always shore up the gaps with some gambling, or some street magic.

Or at least, usually.

The hat at my feet lay empty despite the swollen crowd around me. That was strange in general, given the amount of people, but also because, despite the silence, everyone actually looked really impressed. They just kind of looked a little terrified too.

“Don’t worry,” I said, trying to break this weird tension. “I accept any denomination of coin. Big or small.” I nudged the hat for emphasis, and smiled as kindly as I could.

“You… You want coin?” Someone stammered.

“Of course? Why else am I doing this?”

Within seconds my hat was overflowing, people backing away from it with empty pockets, hands held up like I was threatening them with a knife. A strange as hell reaction, that was for sure. Still, not unappreciated.

I knelt to scoop up my prize before some greedy urchins could get tempted. From my vantage point, the first I saw of the only remaining spectator was their boots. They were very fine, made from the skin of an animal I’d never even seen before. Essentially, they were the perfect mark. If someone that wealthy wanted to linger, I’d gladly perform some more tricks. *Their* spare change would probably make my other earnings look like shit.

I palmed a few coins so it wouldn’t look like I had earned too much- people felt less generous when they saw your hat full- and straightened with a smile. “My lady,” I said, bowing deeply, wishing I’d palmed more coins.

“How did you do that?” She said intently. She wore a long, purple coat, form fitting and at least as fine as her boots. She carried an intricate wooden staff, although she wasn’t leaning on it, so it was probably an affectation, an accessory, more than a necessity.

“A magician never reveals his secrets,” I grinned. She didn’t smile back. Not a great start. I flourished suddenly, producing a card in my right hand. “But I’ll show you some more, if you have the time.” A quick click of my fingers and I ignited the corner doused with alchemicals for that very purpose. It went up in a flash, and I dropped ash artfully, like a chef garnishing a roast pig. It blew down a rapidly clearing street.

She looked amazed, but also frightened. “I couldn’t feel that. At all.”

“Well of course not. I’d never burn such a beauty as you.”

I knew I’d messed up the second I said ‘beauty’. Her eyes blazed, literally, and the wind started to pick up. I saw the staff start to glow and, as my skin started to crawl, I realised and *felt* what she was. An actual magician.

Then, as suddenly as it started, it stopped. “You won’t bait me so easily,” she said. “Is that why you’re here, to pick a fight? I won’t walk into your trap.”

“No, not at all,” I said, hastily, not sure what she meant. “I’m just here for money. I swear it.”

“You swear?” her piercing eyes found his. “Interesting. For one such as you, that can only mean one thing… The Hellnest Contract.”

The street was now fully empty. I was starting to realise that something had gone wrong, that I was over my head. Still, I hadn’t survived three death sentences and four arrests by admitting that. Until I had more information, I was going to pretend I was here for whatever kept her from frying me like I’d fried that card. “You’re sharp,” I said vaguely.

“What else would someone of your… impressive talents, be looking for? I’d considered it myself but, I thought it was suicide. Now, however, I may reconsider,” she said, eyeing him up and down. “If you’ll have me, that is. I think you’ll find there are more enough gems to share, and adventuring alone is tedious.”

*Gems*? *Plural*? I guess I’d been right about chump change. Whatever this was, she seemed capable. What she’d need me for, I didn’t know. I hadn’t gotten rich twice by admitting that out loud though. “Gladly.”

“Interesting. Well, come with me high mage, I know the Lord offering the contract.”

*High what*? I thought, as she walked away, down that road, now completely empty. I had a sudden feeling that 'over my head' was an understatement.