"Yo, Mike, what power are you going to get?"  Johnny snickered as we were playing the new smash.  

"Eh, you'll see it when it happens."

"God damn, stop being such a tease.  Why make us wait another 7 hours?"

"Hey, fuck off!  You've been asking all afternoon!  You'll see it when you see it".

"How about this, If I beat you next game, you tell us all what you plan to get.  If you win, I'll cover everyone's sandwich tonight."

Oh, that was such a delicious deal.  I knew I was better at smash anyways.  Truth be told, I was worried they would laugh at what I planned to wish for.  I didn't think they'd see the potential.  Besides, Johnny got his super strength to pick up chicks.  Ryan got his flight because he just got into the air force academy.  Says he will need it in case some shit happens.  Most of those pilots were flying before they were flying planes anyways.  Most of my friends chose their powers last minute and just chose the run of the mill stuff.  But I thought this through so much...

"You know? Deal.  I'll be enjoying that free sandwich.  Remember, no onions, no spinach, extra lettuce for me," I shot back.

\---

"Fuck."

Well, with a loss that stupid, I already felt ashamed.

"YOOO Mike lost!  Didn't expect that" Phillip shouted.  "DAYUM Johnny, nice bet!"

"Fuck yea it was!  Come on, let us know!" Johnny exclaimed.

Now, again, all eyes were on me.  Well, of course they wanted me to tell.  They knew I was the smartest of the friend group.  I also just got accepted into nuclear engineering at a nice university.

Jessica starts "don't be a little bitch Mike, Come on!"

"Uh... well..." I quickly stutter out.  I could feel the shiver down my back as I just imagined them calling it stupid.

"I want to control the...  well, the strong nuclear force," I blurted.

A pause.  Confused looks from everyone there.

"The wut?  You gotta explain this in simple terms.  Only Phillip is going into some science-y shit here", Johnny laughed.

The room was quiet though.  They were waiting.  

"Well, the strong nuclear force kinda holds large atoms together.  I want to control how strong and weak, and how far the interaction woud be in the vincinity around me".

I continued "I think it would be pretty cool.  You know.  I could like make the hydrogen spontaneously fuse, or the likes.  I haven't worked out all the details, but I think it would be a great long-term power".

"Damn" Johnny started.  I thought maybe he was impressed. "Dude, this is some nerdy-ass power.  Holy shit guys!  Mike literally came up with the nerdiest shit I've heard".  

The other started giggling.  Jessica started "How you plan to show off if all you can do is twiddle with some shit no one can see?"  Man this felt bad.  I thought at least Jessica would keep quiet.  I looked over to Phillip and was giving some sheepish smirk too.  Like some sort of sad pity.  Damn that stung.  We were rooming together next year. 

"Well, when I get it, I'll show you guys"  I forced out, already feeling really embarrassed.  

\---

Well, at 12 am I made my selection.  After the characteristic spotlight and fancy music, I... felt different.  I was suddenly aware of something in the air, the walls.  Something like an uncomfortable awareness of someone looking at you, but in the sense that I could tell how much they are looking at me.  

"Well, you need some privacy to practice?" Phillip started.  At least he kinda understood.  He didn't get his telekinesis down until 2 am. 

"Uh... I'm not sure.  Let me try it out". 

I knew I had some sort of new awareness.  It was weird.  But now I tried to control it.  It felt like trying to force some heat or energy at a spot I could feel.  It was a bit hard, but slowly I got in the zone.  I closed my eyes and focused.

"Hey look, Mike's got some sparkling shit around him.  He's using his powers" Phillip shouted into the living room.  I could hear them shuffling into the backyard.

Still, I could feel the heat build around my hand.  It was weird and warm, actually.  Like I had some fire.  Then suddenly, a deep cold and I could feel my breath slipping away.  It felt like I was being drowned in a deep expanse of frigid water.  

"Hey Mike, snap out of it" I quietly heard.  "Mike, stop!".  

Suddenly I feel a shove to my gut.  It was Phillip shoving me.  "Yo Mike, stop!  Holy crap! the fuck is your power?".

Phillip looked pale and concerned.  Hell, even Ryan was concerned, and he normally doesn't give two shits.

"Wut?" I was confused.  For some reason I could quite understand.  I had my breath back though.

"Mike, you need to look behind you".  Johnny said. 

 I slowly turned.  The lawn had burns, but was also frozen.  Random craters littered the ground.  But in the middle of it was this metal core

"Mike.  You made some sort of fireball.  Then it suddenly became this metal thing in a flash of light".

I blinked.  There was no way.

"I... I think I made some heavy metal.  From the air?  Maybe fusion?"  I slowly start.

I thought quickly.  Hydrogen to helium, to carbon and oxygen?  To maybe Neon, Magnesium, sillicon, then Iron.  What's after that?  Tellurium?  Was that a block of Tellurium?

"Holy crap" Phillip whistled.  "You chose a better power than all of us.  You can make a fucking star?  You can materialize a fucking hunk of metal from thin air?"  I was just as shocked as everyone else.  I didn't know I could do that.  I looked at Johnny and could see the shock and awe on his face.

And this was day one.  College may be a fun time.