It was at the St. Louis Cathedral in Jackson Square, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA when the some jackass went and messed up the whole world. 
	
I was there that day, and the jackass in question was my twin brother Edward. You see Ed and I were not raised in the church but Ed’s wife came from a catholic family who insisted the couple be married in the church. White dress, full mass, the whole thing. Years later when Ed and Abby had their first kid, the family pushed for a catholic Baptism. 
	
No somewhere along the line all this catholic business being forced on Ed by his in laws went from mildly annoying to full on antagonistic. He went along with it because her know it would make his wife happy and you guys know what they say about happy wife and all that. 
	
Thing is, Ed wanted me to be the godfather but the priest wouldn’t have it because I was not going to convert. Ed and Abby already have an agreement with me that I will take care of the little guy so there was no question about having some other guy stand in. 
	
So, there were up there on that alter, and it is a beautiful place, let me tell you. The priest was up there with his hands waving and dripping water on the kid when he asked the parents to swear to bring the kid up in the light of god or whatever. After that, Father Ted looks around and I guess it was the first time he even realized no one else was up there. 
	
So he stops the whole thing and asked, “Where are the God Parents”
	
“We selected the Norse God Loki, Shield Brother of Odin, as God father, but he doesn’t appear to be here yet,” Ed told him.
	
Everyone was stunned silent even the organ player, who had been carrying on at some length simply stopped playing. Never in my life have I heard so many people be so quiet. Then everyone began to talk at once. 
	
“What did he say?”
	
“Who does that young man think he is?”
	
“He’s always been *weird* I have always said so.”
	
“I cannot believe Abby Married this fool.”
	
“What a prick.”
	
“Oh my god.”
	
I heard all this and more, it was all I could do to keep from bursting out into a fit of laughter. Personally, I don’t know how Ed put up with his mother-in-law’s crap for so long, but even I knew this move was not the way to go. If someone like the church, do not mock them, especially not in the chinch. Truth be told I was at a loss. This was the kind of thing I would do, Ed was always so respectful it was almost as though some exterior force was acting on him to make him behave this way. 
	
The priest raised both hands to calm everyone down. It took almost a whole minute for him to speak even though everyone was waiting on him. 
	
He looked at my brother, “I do not know what you mean by this insult but this is a house of GOD, and you clam some false god, some jester from a children’s story will be the godfather of this baby?”
	
His lips continued to move but I was unable to understand because his words were drowned out completely by laughter.
	
“AAAAHHHHHHAAAAAAHHHHHHAAAAA” It was a single, horrid, voice, echoing though the cathedral. The laugh was inhuman, wavering between impossibly high notes and a voice so low I felt it more in my seat than I heard it in my ear.
	
Everyone forgot their outrage at once. The Cathedral was already a bit too cold for my liking but now the temperature seemed to drop into the below freezing range. 
	
“I would love the honor of being this little one’s GODFATHER.”
	
Everyone turned to see a tall blond man with high cheek bones and bluish lips standing on the balcony. *No not on the balcony, on the balcony railing.* This stranger was balanced on the hand rail, with his two bare feet spread shoulder width apart. Even from that distance I could see the guy’s toes gripping the rail, tightly. 
	
He spread his arms and gestured to the congregation the way an actor does right before his final bow.  Then he stepped off the rail.
	
The man did not fall, he floated, almost glided through the air. When his feet hit the ground he was in the center aisle, more than half way up the church. He walked the rest of the way to the alter, smiling like an imp. There was something wrong about his smile but I could not figure it out at first. 
	
It was the priest who spoke first. “What is the meaning of this? Who the HELL are you?”
	
“Now, Now a man of the cloth such as yourself should know better.” Then the man flicked his hand at the priest. A chair appeared from nowhere and soared form behind into the priest’s legs. He fell into it like a tired man at the end of a long day. “Why don’t you have a seat old man?”
	
The stranger approached Ed and Abby, instantly she turned the baby away from the new comer just as Ed stepped in between the stranger and his family. 
	
“Do not be afraid, Edward, I mean not harm to you or your wife and son. After all you called me here to protect and guide your son. Why would I do anything different?”
	
“What do you mean?” Asked Ed, “I called you? I haven’t called anyone, and I have never seen you before in my life. And anyway how did you do that thing with the balcony and with the chair?”
	
Ed was always a bit slow on the up take, I felt my stomach turn over as I realized what was wrong with the new comer’s mouth, and He had too many teeth. 
	“You selected me to be your son’s Godfather, I am LOKI.”

