About twenty years ago the rules changed, when the world became over populated and crime was at an all time high. The UN decided to do something to allow every person on the planet to legally kill one person, in a way becoming their own law.
	
It took a day to wipe out the entire government in the united states the president and everyone serving under him were gone. Like a coup but on a massive scale. More politicians died in a matter of hours. Until there was no government. Some of the richest people died along with them. 
	
Tess woke up from the sound of her alarm. She had to get to work she was working at the local grocery today. Things had changed in the few short years the new laws were made. A person could legally kill one person in their life time. She never really thought she would use it.
	
She got up, made food for herself and set off to work. Money didn’t really exist anymore. There was a new system set in, since the main government was gone and money didn’t really mean anything anymore, since the country was trillions in debt when this all started anyways. Now you worked for the things you bought. Put in your time for how much they cost. She was paying off a new phone so that would take one weeks of 8 hour shifts to work. Buying last night which in the old times would have cost roughly a hundred dollars would cost her a day of work. It seemed like a never ending cycle but it was a good system so far and people brought themselves together to help each other and work for others. The old couldn’t do a lot of work but they made food for people and sold that, or made clothes and blankets, babysat children, anything to pitch in. it had been a good move for the elderly, they didn’t have to work so hard when their bodies didn’t allow it.
	
Her life wasn’t that hard either. She was luckily taken in by a pretty woman named Lucy who took in a lot of the poor like herself. They lived and worked together, it was cheaper and safer that way. Of course people could always turn on you but here, they hadn’t yet. They served the lady who served them and made their own food, ran their own land, and served each other and no government.
	
They all protected each other and Lady Lucy who had given them such a good life. And that’s how she lost her token. Her free kill protecting another person. Protecting Lucy, for she was starting to rise to her own power, and raised quite a following. She wasn’t a person of power per say but she tended to her people with kindness and they raised around her as her shield. That’s were Tess found herself willingly turning in her token and killed someone who threatened to taker her care away. She did it in hast and without any skill, but she couldn’t live out there alone and unprotected especially now without a token. It was a vicious circle, but now Lucy owed her a favor and Tess needed the peoples protection. 
