As Hitler put down his brush, he saw a flash outside the window, the same flash that he saw every week by the men that came to kill him. Hitler, tired of all these time traveling assassins, was on the verge of deciding to quit painting. If his painting really brought this many people pain, then why would he continue.

The door flies open, "Hi, I am Bob Ross and I welcome you to the joy of painting" as Bob runs into Hitlers home.

"Yoouuu are not here to kill me?" Hitler stuttered.

"Why would I do that" Bob replied "I am here to show you the peace and love that painting can bring to the world"

For the next few month, Bob sat down with Hitler and showed him the joy of painting. Hitler has never seen so much kindness, he started to find the love in life.

One rainy afternoon a flash came outside Hitlers window, the door flung open and a man dashed into the room yelling "Death to Hitler". He pulled out a gun and fired it at Hitler with no hesitation. The room darkened, the man yelling "I did it, I killed Hitl..." he was interrupted by a gunshot. A flash of lighting lit up the room, the man dropped to his knees, clenching his chest where he was just shot. He stared across the room to see Hitler, on his knees, holding Bob in one arm and a gun in the other. 

"Why would you kill him, why would you take my joy away" Hitler yelled.

The assassin, shocked, replied "No, I was here to end your life before you destroyed the world. You were supposed to be the one that died, I was going to prevent the evil you brought upon this world."

Hitler lays BoB Ross' body on the ground and slowly walks over to the assassin.

"Why does everyone want me to be evil?" Hitler yelled "If you want me to be evil, so be it". Hitlers gun fires off, the assassins body hits the floor, the Star of David falling out of his pocket.

The door of Hitlers house flies open, a Hitler with a long black rain coat walks out, a flash of lightning lights up Hitlers face, eyes cold as ice, as if all his emotion had vanished. The Star of David clenched in his hand so tight that blood was seeping out.

Thus the day Hitlers Joy died.