I sighed, handing over a sack of gold as yet another adventurer dropped a pile of weapons on my counter. Yes, weapons...at the potion store. What the bloody hell am I supposed to do with a mountain of swords? I sighed, throwing them on the stack as the adventurer walked out. They could never be bothered to go to the general store or the blacksmith, and they never bought any potions either. Mostly due to the fact that nobody needed them anymore. All the monsters were pushovers. Keyword “were.”

One day, a small little goblin walked into my shop. I was a bit surprised at first, but I decided to listen to what he had to say. “Oh, hey there, small one. What brings you to town?”

“This was the first shop I could find that wasn’t in sight of a million guards. I come bearing a message on behalf of all of the Goblin Army.” He said, placing a small scroll on my desk. I opened it up, the handwriting being rather neat for something presumably written by a goblin. It read: “To whoever receives this message, we need help. We are on the brink of extinction from these ‘heroes’ that have been invading our homelands, pillaging our villages and stealing our goods. We find ourselves out of arms and nearly out of food. Please, help us. We still have a decent amount of gold to use.” I looked over it a couple of times, then handed it back to the goblin. “Come with me. I said, leading him to the back room. “Do you have any gold on ya?” I asked. The goblin nodded, handing me a light sack of gold. I poured it into a nearby table. 10 pieces, not bad. I picked up an iron shortsword and a leather helmet, handing them to the goblin. “There’s a door in back, it goes right out of the village. “Tell your friends to bring coin. I’ll arm ‘em.” I said. This is when my life changes forever.

It started with just goblins, but then there were many, many more. Word spread along the monster community of a potion shop selling weapons out the back. Orcs, ogres, dark elves, even a couple of dragons, all came and went. The adventurers were none the wiser, still piling weapons on my counter. It was always a bit sad to see a weapon I had sold weeks before, with a few personal touches added to it. But that just kept me going. Because the part of town I was in was so old and poor, they had no guards, and the wall was barely even existent. Not that it mattered, considering there was a door right behind my shop. After a few months of this, a rather nice lady orc came into my shop one day. “Are you the kind potion seller that’s been arming us?” The orc asked, holding an axe I had sold her weeks before.

“Yes I am, miss. In fact, you were just in here a few weeks ago to buy that axe.” I said.

“Well...I’d like to say thanks on behalf of all of us.” She said. She planted a kiss on my cheek before walking out. I blushed hard as she did, sitting there frozen until I heard the doorbell in front ring. Two weeks later, her axe was back on my counter. As the adventurer walked out, a tear rolled down my cheek. That was the last straw. 

The next time a goblin walked in, I gave him a healing potion with his purchase. Nobody bought them anyways, so I decided that the playing field wasn’t level enough yet. My potions soon became quite popular, and I began selling them individually. I prided myself on those potions, and their quality became renowned in the monster world. Business was booming, and I could barely keep up. I was almost constantly brewing potions, and they were flying off the shelf. I let out a sigh of contentment, mixing another batch of potions. “Finally, a damn good income and a sense of belonging...I might wanna consider becoming a blacksmith soon...or just right up moving in with these guys...they aren’t that bad.”