The guards continue to lead me on a hallway that never seems to stop. It feels like an eternity. 

“Why I’m I here?” I whisper quietly.

The guard in front of me looks back. I can’t see his face because of the black mask he wears but I can tell he’s getting annoyed by all the questions I ask. The guard in the back pushed me further.

“Ah.” I almost lost my balance but quickly regain it.

I look back at the guard and hear him chuckle.
His mask obscuring his face yet I can tell he’s smiling.

I continue to walk, in the middle of these guards. Guards that were at least 6ft tall, armed and dangerous. I, in the other hand, only have a height of 5’7, nothing to defend myself with, handcuffed and bruised from the beating they gave me when the police arrived in my house.

I did nothing wrong, I think. I didn’t oppose the overthrow of the government, nor did I support it. I wasn’t part of the rebellion and I’m positive my wife isn’t part of them. She’s smart, she knows that the rebellion has no chance in winning. I hope she’s okay.

“We’re here.” Said the man in front. I looked up and saw the door at the end of the hallway. 

Breathing deeply I walk forward towards the door.

“Hold it.” I freeze in terror.

One of the guards got behind me and I cuffed me.  “Don’t do anything you might regret.” They they walked away.

Breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out. I must regain control of my body.

I eventually do just that. Moving my hand at the door knob, I considered all my options. I could walk inside the room where I have no idea what’s in store for me or I could ran back to hall in hope I might, by some miracle, doge the guards and run away.

I guess I have no choice.

The door squeaks as I open it slowly,

There was no one in the room but the room was quite different from what I expected.

The is nothing like the rest of what I have seen. Instead of resembling a room that you might expect from the a government facility, it looked more like a room one might have in a cozy house. The walls and ceiling were made out of wood while the rug was a gorgeous red. On the right wall, there was a bookshelf that covered most of the wall. I recognized some books such as the Bible, Moby Dick, Fahrenheit 451 but the one that caught my attention was a book that was on the floor. The communist manifesto. 

The would explain some things.

The middle of the room had one massive table, there were two chairs that quite old yet comfortable.  On the table there was a small lamp to the side and that’s about it.
The left wall was a map of every country in the world. The map of the Us was in the middle taking most the space. The wall In front of the door facing simply had a painting yet I wasn’t just an ordinary painting.

It was a painting of young women. She was looking directly at me with her beautiful blue eyes. She was wearing a white dress fully decorated with blue flowers. All that blue really pops up due to her pale skin. She had blonde hair that reached to shoulder. Behind her was some trees, and she was steeping one some tall grass. 
What really caught my attention was the scar on her forehead.

I don’t know how long I was staring at that painting when I heard the door open. I turned around and saw a face I haven’t seen in years. He had brown skin, brown eyes and dark hair. He was a bit taller than me but not by much. He definitely got more muscular over the years where it’s now impressive. He had an intermediating face and a small scar on his left lip. I was surprised he carried two cups of coffee with him.

“John” he said softly.

“Adam” I replied.

“It’s good to see you again brother” he said with a  smile. “Have seat.”

We both took a seat as he set down the cups. 

“I wasn’t sure if you drink still, so I brought coffee. I added quite a bit of sugar, that’s the way you like it.” He chucked.

I looked at him. He definitely changed over the years. He longer had chubby cheeks as I remembered but people change I know that.

“You’re right” I said. “I don’t drink anymore.” 

“I remember when we used to steal beers from your father and he’ll be so drunk he thought he drunk it all!” He bursted out laughing.

I gave a small laugh. 

“I remember that” I said as I sipped my coffee.

“Oh by the way, sorry for the beating, I told them not to do that but I guess they wouldn’t listen. Did the doctors do well, I hope it doesn’t hurt too-“

“No, no everything is fined” everything wasn’t fine.

He smiled. I stared at him.

We both drank our coffee in quite. I didn’t like the silence.

“I see you’ve been reading.” 

He looked at me and then the books. 

“Oh” he said. “Don’t worry, I just read them for entertainment.”

I sight in relief.

Adam seemed to find it amusing.

“It’s been so long, John. Once my family moved away I thought I wouldn’t ever-“

“Why are you doing this?” The question surprises him and I as well. I don’t know why I said it but I need to know.

“Why Am I here?”

He smirked.

A chill went up my spine as I realized something horrible.

“You’re the cause of all this aren’t you?” 

He continued to smile.

“You are behind this! This government being thrown is because of you huh?” 

“I did it because it was necessary.” He finally responded with a stern voice.

He and I looked at each other.

“Why?” I asked.

He closed his eyes and opened them again. He then looked at the painting.

“Do you remember her?” 

He looked at me and I looked at the painting.

“She wasn’t that old” I replied.

“No she wasn’t. She died young.” He looked at me. “We both know that”

“Our families weren’t poor” he said ,“but we weren’t rich either.” 

I continue to stare at him.

“I remember that we used to run around, exploring places our parents warned us about. We went to the slums expecting criminals, villains, psychopaths but instead we saw the weak, the hungry, and the desperate. “

“That girl. Was the first person we met. We saw her savaging whatever was could find in the dumpster. You gave her some of your chocolate you had on you and after that she took us to her family which was her mother and her younger siblings. She cried when we asked about the father. Every once per week, we would bring food to them, it wasn’t much but we felt we were making a difference, we weren’t. Our parents believe we bringing food to stray dogs so they never said anything about it. One day, when we were going to visit them, we found out that the government sent men to gather the folk there and ‘move them to a different location’. We both know what happened.”

All that time he was retelling the story, I had my head down and didn’t wanted to look at him in his eyes.

“We didn’t ask for her name did we?”

I shook my head.

“I couldn’t do anything about it then, but i could something about now. The government is corrupted  and I did what was necessary. Well...” he said moving his moving his hands around.

“Was corrupted”








 
