"I suck... "

"No you don't"

"She left me"

"She left you because you caught her"

Right on cue, a burst of sickly green cloud of spores erupts. In the distance, I heard sobbing. 
I turn on the atmospheric generisis, some of my other patrons have allergies. Sure enough, all the spores are disappearing. 
I tapped one of my barmaid on her left fin.

"Sherry, can yeh take my spot for a while?” I whispered to her wordlessly. She have sharp hearings. 
I can see her grey scales rippled in agreement. 
New barmaid of mine, very eager to help out. Bless her. 
"Thanks luv", I handed her one of my key access card that she needs to access our beverages hidden in our own pocket dimensional storage.

More sickly green spores erupts as I made my way toward them.

"Skrrngwvr, Bjomïŕ…What’s going on ‘ere?" I asked, refilling their glass (Kushi’s mead, their usual).
I can hear my audio implant translates my words into their native tongue. 
To my earthly human ear, it's akin to the sound of chirps and small pops. 

"Sorry, Alex. It’s just Mÿmplrsit here", Bjomïŕ chirpped back. 

"She left me, Al! Gone!" Mÿmplrsit bursts.

"I came back home, and I found her tangled from head to toe with another Curpochïàn!!!"

More spores. 

I smiled at him sympathetically.

Some bartenders have to deal with drunken men and passed out teens, I have to deal with sobbing interdimentional Curpchïs. An intelligent plant-based species. 
Through my aided glasses, Mÿmplrsit and Bjomïŕ looked like mushrooms except they're only shaped that way. They're made of what looked like a mixed of vines and barks. Mÿmplrsit is actually considered a good looking Curpchïan among his people.

Honestly, if it wasn't for his signature colour and height, it would be hard for any inexperienced men to tell the difference.

Me, I got used to it. If you tend this bar for as long as I did, you would too. That is, if you don’t die and shit yourself first. Mÿmplrsit and Bjomïŕ are among my regulars. Tipped well and usually polite. We've had some good times. 

Mÿmplrsit's already hunched and turning blue. Bjomïŕ gave me a pleading look and shrugs.

I bent down, took out two shot glasses and poured them one of Kimpër's finest.

"On the house"

"Thanks, Al" he took the glass and dipped his finger into it. I can hear a gentle slurp from it. 

"That's good stuff…" his vines gave a small yellow glow. Bjomïŕ nodded in appreciation as he dipped his finger into his glass, eyes still on his friend.

"Mÿm, she doesn't deserve you” he gurgled. “Told you for centuries, her porsyvils are way too loose to settle down”

“Thought I could change her but...”

“Yeh can’t change a Curpchï.” I interrupted. “Yeh’ve said so yerself, once”.

Mÿmplrsit looks up at me. I can see his sickly green spores slowly seeping all over. The guy’s a mess.

“What do I do, Al? I can’t imagine spending the next century without her” he sobbed.

“Don’t get her back” I said flatly. 

“But…”

I shake my head. 

“Listen ‘ere, Mÿm. How long have we’ve known each other?”

“Too long, Al. What’s your point?” His vines slowly curls, bracing for whatever I’m about to say.

“I was there when Dprennjk had her hissy missy fit and set yeh off ‘cause yer vines aren’t tight ‘nuff and it didn’t match hers.”

Mÿm winced remembering. It was an embarrassing moment for him.

“I was there when yeh were leakin’ saps all over my stools and floor because she threw god knows how many plesecticides on yeh for being late on yer date even though she knows yer were sick.”

I can see Mÿm starting to hunch, his vines now loose. Bjomïŕ pats him on the back.

“All I’m sayin’ is I’m right ‘ere. I’ve seen my friend gettin’ hurt over and over, do yeh think I’m lettin’ that happen again? Hell no. She’s toxic for yeh, Mÿm.”

“Alex’s right, Mÿm. It’s been centuries, I’ve never seen you happy when you’re with her” Bjomïŕ chirped in agreement.

Mÿmplrsit’s hung his head down.

“I know” he whispered, dejected.

Something got me thinking as I looked at him. 

“Mÿm…”

“Yeah?” he gurgled while his finger slurps the last bit of drink in his glass. 

“What are yer gonna do about her?”

“Do?” he looked at me, puzzled.

“Let me put this bluntly; she treated yeh like killiper’s droppings fer centuries, walks all over yeh, cheated on yeh and then left yeh with another Curpchïan in her vines without a hoot and a half.”

I can see both Mÿmplrsit and Bjomïŕ’s vines curled, turning green.

“Are yer telling me that the great Mÿmplrsit ain’t gonna do anything about thems who disrespects him in succha manner?” I gave him my most comical disappointing look.

Bjomïŕ hid a grin, I had just pushed just the right buttons.
Warm yellow spores puffed from Mÿmplrsit’s head in excitement. I now have his attention.

“‘Course not. Noone messes with Mÿmplrsit. His friend, ‘specially, won’t let anyone forget that.” I start fishing for something I’ve had for a long while. Noone orders this kind of drink anymore, not since…

“Ah, ‘ere it is” I took out a crystalized bottle the size of my arm from our dimensional storage. A little dusty, but nothing a few wipes can’t cure.
“What is it, Alex?” Bjomïŕ’s eyes shone as he analysed the bottle. Curpchïs loved shiny objects. Crystals, above all else, were considered precious.

“This, my friends, is how yer gonna get back at her” I grinned at them, feeling a little smug myself.

“It looks expensive, Al. I cannot take this.”  Mÿm starting to look concerned. Bless his vined heart.

“‘tis nothing. I can’t use it, been hogging in my storage for too long. Noone drinks this anymore. Not for a long time.” I winked at him.

Bjomïŕ, still fascinated by the way light catches through the crystal. 

“Will it kill her?” he asked in awe.

I had to chuckle. Who wouldn’t want to kill an ex?

“No…” I grabbed Bjomïr’s hand before he could touch the crystal.

“Just don’t touch it. Definitely don’t drink whatever’s in it. No matter how good it smells and believe me, it smells good.” I grinned.

“Good enough to drink?” Mÿmplrsit grins back at me, I can see his sharp crystalized petal teeth.

“Good enough to finish the whole bottle” I replied, taking out some of my polishing kit.

Bjomïr let out a chirpy laugh. I joined in.

“So what do I do with it?” Mÿmplrsit watched as I polished the bottle carefully. It needs to be as shiny as possible, I want it to look desirable. 

Already a few of my other patrons are watching me as well. Some of them with a puzzled look. They’ve been here long enough to recognize what this drink does.
Sherry recognizes the bottle immediately but says nothing and continues her duty. She’s a good lass, I knew I chose well for my barmaid.

“Easy, do what yer were gonna do an hour ago: ask her to take yeh back. Send her this, I’ll box it first ‘course, add on some of her favourite gifts and a letter sayin’ how yer hopeless without her or somethin’.”

“She won’t know what’s coming.” Bjomïr said in approval.
Mÿmplrsit gave me a thoughtful look and finally asked, “What will happen to her?”

I put the crystal bottle into a box and warped it with a big red bow.

“Yeh tell me ‘bout it yerself next time yeh come ‘ere” I smiled.

[EDIT : Sorry for the formatting. I edit it a little.]