“Can you take a look at Amelia today, she is having those visions again”, she said struggling to hook her bra. 
“Will do! Madam”, I said with a smirk.
If i recall correctly she did seem upset the earlier night. I know for a fact she uses me as a shoulder whenever she is upset or when cant handle her scotch, but I couldn’t care less. I have pursued my dream to the extent where I am both happy and successful. 
“My husband won’t be at home tonight, wanna do it there?” she said trying to smile
*pretending to keep a straight face* “I never turn down a good sex”
Her husband runs an arms store, and he has to be out of town couple times in a month for deliveries and what not. 

I was still in my underwear when she got ready to leave, I kissed her on the lips gently enough to show a connection but not  long enough to make it seem like I was falling for her or something, always have been.

Wendy greeted me with a coffee as I entered the room, she drop the files on my desk with a thump and said “Its gonna be a weird day today, doc. I hope you’re well prepared for it”
In this line of profession everyday is a weird one, somedays more than others. I always get prepared for the worst to keep myself calm if the worst actually does arrive at my doorstep. 
 
“Gaby seems a lot better now Mrs. Buttercup, her nightmares are probably because she’s tired from school. Let her take a rest for couple days, she will be nice and healthy” I said rubbing Gaby’s head playfully. 

“Mom, should we tell him about Lucifer” Gaby looked up at her mom as she was walking her out. Mrs. Buttercup gripped he index even harder and whispered “Let’s just go home right now, okay baby?”

“Lucifer? why did she say that name”, I was getting weary now.

Bella was reading “The Atlanta” when Wendy called her name, she looked right at her and smiled. She looked gorgeous in that dress, The low cut top-part did her body justice. 
“Say hi to doctor Robb!”She looked at Amelia.
“Hi!”
“Hello, how are you today champ?”
Amelia wasn’t the talker kind.

“Its the same friend” Bella sighed.
“Lucifer?”
“Yup”  she nodded.

She is simply just trying to fill the absence of her parents all day by making up an imaginary friend. She probably misses Bella at the daycare and creates a friend that she can talk to. A lot of kids have similar problems its nothing major. Most of the time such conditions are seen in children at day care or kindergarten as they have never been separated from their parents prior to that.

“Listen! its nothing to worry about” I suggested.
“Just try to maybe arrange her a few playdates at day care so she can make friends and doesn’t have to miss you all the time”

As they walked I couldn’t help but notice the perfect body Bella have been blessed with. The curves, the walk make me want to be with her all day night. I was having erotic feelings as she walked away. 

After few more patients I started feeling sick, I felt like throwing up, I asked Wendy to finish the paperwork early and leave. Then, I left. 

As I walked down the dusky red-shaded pavement, my mind started to get sick again. I knew why was that happening but I couldn’t bring myself to believe that it was nothing more than co-incidence. 
“But 7 kids in one day, all have an imaginary friend called ‘Lucifer’?, there’s something off about this”. 
*phone chimes*
“I dropped Amelia at grandma’s, I am making dinner for us, don’t t forget the condoms”
I smiled.
I took and Uber to Bella’s and we sat down for dinner. I know she doesn’t want me bringing my job issues to her but today was bothering me a lot and I couldn’t help but ask “How did Lucifer come back?”
“Well after last month you asked us to take her out of her day care for the time being, she was fine, it all started when we started sending her back again, you know we work all day and her grandma’s is too far to take her there everyday, we have no other option.” 
“Do you know someone named Lucifer?” I gathered the courage to ask her. 
“No, I don’t, and besides its not actually a real person is it? why is that important?” she was getting bore of this conversation.
“Its probably nothing, ahh lets just eat” 
 
During sex she was as amazing as always, but my mind was restless and I wasn’t at my best. We ended up just cuddling and I spent the night there. 

Next morning I woke up early and went to my fortress of solitude, everything there said lonely, expensive... but lonely. I couldn’t still get yesterday off my head. I had to find out why this was happening and latest anyone I would be able to see was Jeremy who had rescheduled for Friday because he seemed to me like he would have a thing or two to tell.

With this case on hand I felt like I was getting distant from myself, from my life style and finally Friday was here and I had a lot of questions for Jeremy.

(NOTE: I am at work and I will try to continue this after I get back home)