The morning started out very rough, all the hotels within an hour of our hometown had been completely booked so all the family had to stay at our house the night before the funeral.

I got up early to get ready and then went outside to sent on the porch and wait for my mom to say it was time to go.  I had avoided social media for the last werk since my granny died because I didn't want to talk with anyone and had no idea what to say. I decided to bring up Twitter, hoping to see that my favorite person to talk to, @tellthebartender, was online.  I was about to send a message when I saw the I had received one from the same person.  I was about to read it when my mom told me.it was time to leave.

We began the procession to the church for the service.  The traffic was uncharacterisitically thick, but the police escort ensured we got there. We arrived to find the parking lot completely full and people parking all along the street.  We had to go in through the back door since the front was jammed with people.

The priest met us and apologized, indicating that we had mentioned a small gathering.  He mentioned that he had no idea granny was so important to so many, but the sight was a blessing.  We were sitting in the front pews waiting, when three ladies, all around the same age as my granny came up and introduced themselves.  They lived at the nursing home with her and had been friends for many years.

I asked if they knew why all these people were here and they said they did, their explanation brought me to tears.  

Several years ago I apparently told.my granny that she just didn't understand today's problems, when she asked me if I needed to talk after my parents divorced.  Rather than be saddened by this though, she decided to find a different way to help and made herself a Twitter account where she offered advice.  Her three friends noticed her doing it one day and after she explained it, they joined in and ran the account together for several years, building up millions of followers and endeavoured to help everyone they could.

I was confused for several moments, and then pulled out my phone bringing up the message I had missed.  It read, Abigail Johnson, one of the four women who run this account has died and we will be taking a break for a few days to mourn the loss of our friend.  We ask for your prayers and thoughts.  I couldn't believe it, my grandmother, someone's whose advice I completely discounted, helped me though some of the most difficult challenges I had faced in life and never once let on.  

I moved closer to the casket and listened, everyone who passed by thanked her for the advice and encouragement she had offered during their times of need.  