If someone wrote something like this I’m so sorry, I am not copying I just saw it and thought this. 

————————————————————————

I shivered waiting for my body to just give up. I’m so tired of living this life. I don’t know day from night except for the visit from Azeroth, my Angel of Death. I guess we all of like a different Angel of Death. The first time I met him I thought I was dying but he hasn’t taken me yet.

I think about him often, he’s beautiful. He has fire red hair with a chiseled jaw. He shows up in a black robe, with skinny ripped jeans. He kinda looks like that jock high schooler with an emo background. Too bad he’s 37,000 years old. 

‘Why am I like this?’ I whispered.

‘Because what else do you have to look forward to but me.’ His dark sexy voice filled the cement room.

‘Haha, like I’d ever look forward to seeing you if I wasn’t in a cement cell.’ 

‘I’m way more fun if would get to know me,’ he put his finger under my chin. He got close breathing on my cold face, ‘I know everything about you, yet you know nothing about me.’ 

‘You only know me because you’ve been waiting for me to die since the day I came out of my mother.’ I get attitude and remove his finger from my chin, ‘By the way thanks for making it warm.’

‘Anytime princess.’ 

‘How much longer do I have to live through this?’ I ask him quietly, not really wanting to know.

He paused and said said ‘Just tonight.’ I saw his smile. ‘There is someone coming down her right now ready to slit that pretty little throat of yours.’
My breath hitched and tears started rolling down my face on to my ripped tee shirt. I started hearing foot steps right near my cell. ‘Chill princess, you knew this was coming.’ 

‘Please don’t let them do this.’ I whispered to Azeroth. Then the lock clicked and hear the laugh  of the man who has been bruising me and cutting me. As soon as the light surrounded his figure. My body started hurting again, it got cold and I started bawling. ‘Please don’t hurt me tonight?’

His dark voice filled the room ‘It won’t hurt that much my pretty toy, you are dying tonight.’ He laughed. He came at me and that’s when I saw the knife, he played with it. 

I cried more, ‘No, please’ I begged. That’s when I felt the heat, the warmth that only Azeroth brought. ‘Is this what dying is?’ I asked myself. Then I heard it.

‘No, fuck destiny, I’m getting you out of here princess.’ Arms grabbed me and everything went black.

————————————————————————

This was my first one ever so please tell me if you liked it or what to add...