The light streamed in at even lengths across the carpeting. Jack pulled the covers around his shoulders and rolled over to where the love of his life was. Or, should have been. The blanket was pulled back, the pillow tossed aside.

Jack slumped. He had been waiting for this moment for almost three months. The moment he could roll over in bed, see Allie staring back at him, give her a peck on the cheek and smile at his new wife. Today was the first morning of marriage, and she was not here. A moment of self-pity fell over him, but was quickly washed away by a sudden urgency to find his wife and put his arms around he. He sprung from the bed and opened the door that led to the rest of the apartment.

There she was. Standing behind the counter, coffee in hand, leaning over a paper. He leaned against the door frame.
"My beautiful wife."

She looked up. She had bed head. Her oversized shirt draped over her, and a faint whiff of party lingered. She was beautiful. She smiled back at him. "Well you're pretty dashing yourself, husband."

She raised a mug next to her, and Jack made his way across the apartment. He ignored the mug and walked around the counter, put his hand around his wife's waist, and kissed her sweet lips. She rested her head on his shoulder and together they swayed.

"We're married." she said.

"We're married." he repeated.

They held each other tightly. "You didn't happen to see my uncle Jerry's fiasco, did you?" She asked, looking up at him.
Jack smiled. "You mean when he ripped his shirt off, poured a beer on his head, and then promptly fell off, crashing into two unfortunate ladies who happened to be walking by?"

She sighed.

"Nope." Jack laughed. "Didn't hear about it."

He pushed him in the chest and sat back, leaning her arm on her now forgotten newspaper. Jack leaned across, grabbed the mug, and poured himself a cup of coffee.

Sitting back down at the counter, Jack stole a glance at the paper. It was turned to the crossword. 

"12 across is Apollo."

Allie stared first at Jack, then, snapping back to reality, remembered the paper below her. She set her cup aside and looked around for her pencil. Jack handed it to her. Allie mumbled a thanks and penned in the new solution. She rested the pencil on her ear and leaned against her elbow, once again cradling her mug in her hands.

"What day are you on?" Allie asked, an air of sarcasm streaming out.

"Probably at least a thousand by now." he said, smiling over at her. She laughed.

Jack and Allie had met at a protest, where they had avidly fought against the required implantation of Reset Technology. The big businesses were long standing cronies of the Worker's Party (which did as little for the workers as you would imagine) and were using their political power to make money off the people. Jack and Allie vowed they would never use the system. They did, however, make a daily game of asking what day they were on.

"I'm at zero. Perfect start of a new day. Endless possibilities." She said with a falsetto sort of irony. Jack put on his glasses, which were resting in the corner of the counter.

"Holy..." Jack set his mug down. That can't be...

Allie smacked him on the shoulder. "Every day you do this. I know it's at zero." she said, returning her attention to her crossword. "It's not funny anymore."

"Right.." Jack said. This had to be a mistake. There is no way that he would ever use the Reset. He couldn't. But there it was, written in bold, just off to the left of his vision. "Today is day 7212." Allie tapped her pencil on the counter. "Jack? Jack?"

"Sorry, what?" he said, snapping out of his initial shock.

"Do you want the shower first or second?"

Jack shook his head. "Ah, impartial."

Allie turned her head to the side. "You must have one wicked hangover, huh?"

Jack nodded. "Yeah, that's it."

Allie smiled. "Typical. Go take a shower. I'll make some breakfast."

Jack leaned across the counter, gave his new wife a peck on the cheek, and turned around back to the bedroom. He entered the bathroom, stripped off his old t-shirt and boxers, and ran the water. Jack let the water pour over his shoulders and run down his head. For a long time, he stood there.

"What in the world," he thought, "would make me go against everything I've fought for?" Jack knew the answer. The woman in the other room. He would do anything for that woman. But still..

"I'm just excited." he thought. "I have a new wife. That's all. I just love my wife." He went back into the bedroom, dressed, and re-entered the kitchen. Allie moved about he counter space, waffle mix at the ready. Jack came over and pecked her on the cheek.

"We were out of eggs." She said, stirring the mix. "I had to make a run to the store."

Jack took the bowl from her hands. "Shower is open. I'll finish the waffles." She smiled, handed him the whisk, and walked towards the bedroom. Jack looked up just in time to see her throw her shirt to the side. “Or don’t.”

Jack set the waffle bowl down and chased after Allie. Yes, he thought. Today is a day worth repeating.
*
By noon Jack had fully decided. Tomorrow would be day 7213.

The sun warmed his face and he and Allie walked hand in hand. Her ring rubbed up against his finger, and he smiled. On the other hand, Jack toyed with his own ring. Allie leaned into Jack, pushing her head into his shoulder. They had already walked around the entire length of the Farmer's Market twice, but neither had noticed. They were happy to walk around, to show the world their love. Eventually, their hunger grew stronger than they could fight off, and the two made off for lunch. Allie drove. She loved to drive. Jack always pretended that she meant it, but they both knew she only said that so that Jack wouldn't feel so bad about not being able to. Jack had epilepsy. He had always had it. Allie was the first person Jack had met that didn't treat him as a poor puppy. Jack gave Allie another kiss on the cheek. Allie smiled and reached for the dial. She turned the radio up and sat back, one hand on the wheel, one out the window. Jack stared at her. He didn't see the car cross the median.
*
"I'm fine!" Jack screamed, tearing at the IV. "Get me out of here! Allie?" He screamed. No one returned the call. "Allie!"
The world went dark.
*
The doctor led Jack down the hall. Jack would be fine, the doctors said. No damage done. Jack did not agree. 

There she was. The love of his life. And she wouldn't make it to tomorrow. Jack stepped around the machines and to her side. The doctor pulled up a chair.

"Can she hear me?" Jack asked the doctor. The doctor knew the answer. He knew she wouldn't. He nodded his head anyway.
Jack talked all afternoon and into the evening.
*
Around dinner time, the doctor led another man down the hallway. He introduced himself as Jack's brother. Just earlier, the doctor had explained the predicament to the whole family. Allie's family had agreed to send James in first. Jack needed his brother.

The doctor tried to prepare James, but it was futile. No one is ever prepared to see what was happening behind that door. James took a deep breath. His brother hadn't noticed him walking in. Jack was holding Allie's hand. He was talking to her, laughing, as if she wasn't tied to a thousand machines. As if she wasn't about to die. As if his life weren't about to be changed forever. James walked over to his brother and rested his hand on his shoulder. Jack stopped talking. He leaned into his brother's hip and let a soft tear roll down his cheek. James grabbed his brother and led him to the ground, leaning up against the wall.

"Today was so perfect." Jack leaned his head back against the wall.

The brothers sat there for a long time, comforted by nothing else than the presence of the other.

From the corner of the duo's glasses, a single pop up appeared. "Would you like to reset?"

James looked at the clock. 11:57. Jack's hand shook.

"She won't be here tomorrow. Will she?"

James shook his head.

"This morning was so perfect." Jack whispered.

The silence was deafening. James felt his eyes water.

"I can't live without her, James."

Jack's hand stopped shaking. "This has been the worst day of my life."

James nodded. "It was also the best."

Jack wiped his eyes. He stood up and walked over to his new wife. He held her hand and kissed her cheek.

"I love you, Allie." He said. "I love you, I love you, I love you. Never doubt that."

The pop up began beeping. 11:59.

Jack looked at his wife, then at his brother, and back at his wife.

He made his selection.
*
The next morning, Jack woke up. The light streamed in at even lengths across the carpeting. Jack pulled the covers around his shoulders and rolled over to where the love of his life was. Or, should have been.