"Execute order Q-T-3.14." The order rings throughout the lair. Rengar grins to himself as his henchmen go about his demands. He is sitting on his best throne, twiddling his thumbs. This has to be it. There is no way that Ultra Man can be *that* dense. He did name himself 'Ultra Man', but still. 

He feels butterflies in his stomach as his plans are carried out. Ultra Man should be on his way now. His right leg starts to jitter in anticipation. An unfortunate henchman is passing close to the throne. 

"Hey. Henchman." Rengars powerful voice reaches him. He stops and turns. 

"Do I look too threatening?" 

The henchman is confused. Rengar has never even looked at him for more than 3 seconds before, and now he was asking him what seemed like a trick question. 

"Sir, do you not want to threaten Ultra Man?" 

"Well-uh" Rengar stammers. "It's all part of...uh..a plan! Yes. I can't have him too threatened already, or he wouldn't follow through with the rest of my master plan." 

The henchman nods his head in what he hopes is understanding. "Oh. Well sir, you look just the right amount of threatening." The henchman hurries away before he can be questioned further. 

*I need better henchman* Rengar thinks to himself. He hears an insolent meow. *Ah, yes. Fluffums. Right on time.* 

He turns slightly in his throne to see his white ball of fur leap onto his armrest. Fluffums lies down to receive pets. Pets are received. 

A siren begins to sound across the facility. *About time.* There is a panic filled murmur as the henchman begin to scramble. 

Crash! 

Ultra Man breaks right through a side wall, on the opposite side of the layer. Rengar is elated. He waits impatiently as he takes out all of his henchman dumb enough to oppose him. *Wow. My henchman are so terrible* Rengar thinks as he watches them fall to Ultra Man's manly hands. 

He finally takes them all out. *This is it.* He sprints to Rengar's throne. 

"Rengar! How could you?" He asks. Rengar feels even more nervous, but it is time to put on his act. 

"I have my reasons, Ultra Man! Have you come to...thwart me?" He asks, still stroking Fluffums.

"You're dang right I'm here to thwart your nefarious plan! Order Q-T-3.14 will put lives at risk!"

"Order *Q-T-3.14*..." he emphasizes. It's no use, "is necessary to prepare for my other, more nefarious plot, A-QT-IC." 

"It's over Rengar! I will tear this facility apart to stop you!" 

"You would tear down my facility, but you will not hurt me? Have you grown...fond of me, Ultra Man?" he asks. He can feel his future on a knife's edge, ready to tumble either direction. 

"Well-uh...I" it is Ultra Man's turn to stammer, "you are...evil, you know." 

*Yes! Now time to reel him in.* 

"Am I? Do you know what order Q-T-3.14 really is?" 

"Well...no, but-" 

"And you just assumed it was evil?" 
 
Ultra Man looks ashamed. "...Yes." 

"I am buying a house. The real plan was to get you here so that I could ask..." 

"Yes?" 

"Do you want to move in with me?" 

___

/r/Periapoapsis

