"Houston, can you sent a team in to check the air conditioning systems before we lift off? We've been experiencing lots of sudden drops in temperatures since we boarded."

"Uhh, no can do. We are running on a tight schedule here and running a last minute maintainence is costly. Over."

------

The year is 2028. The world is wonderful. World hunger has been cured. Sickness, diseases and epidemics are nowhere to ve found. Humans live 50 years longer than they could 20 years ago. And technology has finally enable NASA to send manned missions to Mars.

Me? I'm dead. I died 4 years ago. Car accident. Shouldn't have drank extra during that christmas party. Don't drink and drive, kids. I'm now a ghost. A member of the afterlife. Everyone becomes a ghost when they die. Its crowded here in the afterlife.

Anyways, here we are, in the Apollo 69, just a few more minutes before liftoff. To the real world, its 3 crew and a dream. To our world, its 3 crew and 128 ghosts of various academic geniuses and past astronauts, such included Neil Armstrong, Stephan Hawkings and that guy with the weird hair from "*Ancient Aliens*".

The countdown began, following it was a loud boom. We have lifted off the ground. History was made once again. And we're silently a part of it.

The further we left earth, the more we marvelled at the sight of our planet. Who could have thought that humans managed to save a dying planet, terrorised by climate change.

Since we are ghosts, we do not have to use the washroom or eat, but we do get bored sometimes. We go about our own business daily without disturbing or spooking the crew too much. There were some close encounters. Where Newton took the apple off the table. To us, it looked as if a person is holding the apple. But to the real world, the apple is floating in the air. It was a sticky situation, but luckily, the zero gravity environment helped us silently diffuse the situation.

A few months into our trip of a death-time, we fimally get a glimpse of the unexplored red planet. No matter who you are, human or ghost, the sight of seeing mars being so close will be enough to capture you.

The journey was long, but everyone was anticipating it. We are here, on mars. Thats one small step for ghost, one giant leap for ghostkind.



END

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Author's Notes: hello! Thank you for reading :) if you liked it, thank you very much! If you feel that theres somewhere i can improve on, please comment and tell me. Merry Christmas!