The jaws of the shark snap down on my chest sending shockwaves through my skull. I gasp in pain, allowing a mouthful of the streaming red water to race down my throat. I close my eyes as the shark twists and releases me from its maw. For a moment I float down towards the shifting sands of the ocean floor. The familiar swell of a wave passes over me and I topple soundlessly through the dark waters. The teeth shred into my lower back and carry me further out to sea. I open my eyes to the stinging torrent of water and see nothing but darkness. I cry out in terror as the abyss swallows me in its cold embrace. 

It feels like a year of darkness and pain, and then I see a faint light rising steadily towards me. I feel the teeth loosen from around my waist and my lungs replenish with air. I gasp in several deep breaths before the panic sets in. I propel my arms in wide circles, spinning away from the light. I feel the weighty grip of steel rest against my sternum, as I start getting pulled backwards towards the faint glow. I glance down at the cold blade and notice that my wounds are gone, replaced with a line of red beading blood where the steel cuts into my skin. I start frantically paddling back towards where I think the surface is. But, my arms feel no resistance from the water like I am swimming through space, being pulled slowly towards the sun. The pressure of the blade grows as I struggle. The gleaming blade crushes down on my chest until my lungs cannot fill with my gasps. I remember back to the first fish that I caught with my dad. How its mouth draped open and its gills flapped hopelessly. I turn back towards the glowing beam of radiance and stop struggling. 

A sound enters my mind like a whisper and caresses my soul. “There, now isn’t that better?” My mother’s voice sends a lump up into my throat as tears drip from my cheeks, to be washed away in the nothingness surrounding me. In the light I see her standing, pulling me towards her with a long cord that swirls like waves. “Come now James, I’ve been waiting for you for a long long time.” She smiles and I feel her tender embrace pulling me towards a new moment. This little pocket of abyss feels like home. 