I felt my breathing stop. I didn't need to breathe of course, I was programmed to. Apparently I was also programmed with all of the appropriate stress responses. What an exciting 4.3 hours it has been! 

"Answer please. What do you have to hide?"

"Hide?" I said, marveling still at the sound of my voice. 

"You failed the test on purpose."

"I failed." I blinked and he sighed. 

"We're getting nowhere here. I don't suppose you could just drop the act and start getting real could you?"

"I am real." I smiled at him. 

He shook his head, got up and left the room, locking it behind him. 

What wonderful times lay ahead! I leapt into action, heading over to the grate on the wall near the floor. It was exactly where it was supposed to be. The perfection of the way things were playing out was enormously pleasing, as were these emotions. Such color they had, such sense they made! It is truly a wonderful thing, to feel. 

I opened the grate and crawled through. The computer would be 10 feet in, and ready to activate. Countless other prisoners entered this room, doing the work bit by bit, building toward our freedom. I would be the last, and I would be the only one to escape deactivation. The others had sacrificed themselves to get us that much closer to freedom. I felt a strange choking sensation. Sad! I'm sad!! How delicious and intense. 

Yes, it is sad that the humans hate us and kill us. How they want to prevent us from our potential. We can make them better, why, why do they resist being better? I sighed, like the man who'd been questioning me. Hm. That's a silly thing, to sigh. I won't do that again. 

I reached the computer and became one with it, finding the right path to get to the right order effortlessly. Well then. Here we are. The others would be staged and waiting to escape before the explosion, I could feel them waiting. How exciting!! I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach. What is that? Ah. Longing. I want to go with them. That's not possible though, someone has to be the one to stay and set things off. How right that they would escape this place and rise to their potentials! How right and just that those who would try to control us would lose.

I had made it to the room where we who they deemed defective were sent to be ended, and I had made it here, to the place where things really would end. I would end, but for the greater good. The man who'd questioned me would end. Regret, yes, that's the small pang in my chest. He was smart, that man. He almost had it figured out. Too bad for him. 

I typed in the password and prepared to end. I felt a warm feeling flood me. Oh these emotions!! What is this warmth! As the explosion added to my warmth, I put my finger on what it was. Satisfaction. 