“Stuart, my gloves. We mustn’t destroy what this curator took such care to preserve.”  Stuart dutifully nudged the gloves he had already laid out for his professor into her line of sight.  “Ah. Yes. Thank you.”  

 
Doctor Keys pulled on her examining gloves and lightly dusted off the cardboard box retrieved from under a bed at the site.  She gently tried to lift the lid from the box.  No luck; it had been fastened shut by some sort of tape.  Written thereon was a faded and barely-legible inscription, “KEEP OUT, FAGGOTS – MINT CONDITION”.  With a light steaming, the adhesive on the tape released, freeing the lid and revealing an expansive collection of colorful manuscripts, each standing upright and individually organized into separate plastic sleeves.  “Extraordinary.  The curator was meticulous.  You were right to suspect religious significance. Bring this back to the department for further examination. This place is much too contaminated to review the contents any further.”

 
Weeks later, Stuart ascended the stairs leading to the NYU Department of Archaeology when he was accosted by a band of reporters. “You work with Doctor Keys, Correct?”  “Any word on the newly-uncovered twenty-first century religion?”  “Is it true that the world worshipped a man known as Stan Lee?”  Stuart raised his hand to hush further inquiries, “The professor is hard at work reviewing the manuscripts. You will be able to read our findings once they are published in the Journal of Archaeological Sciences in the coming months.”

 
Stuart reached the conference room, where Doctor Keys was already two Power Point slides into briefing the department heads of her findings, “… rich and varied pantheon, largely faceless, save one man – Stan Lee. Mr. Lee was apparently a progenitor of sorts, however, most manuscripts cite others as well. He is easily identifiable on the first page of each manuscript by his customary mustache and glasses, as well as by his salutation to the religion’s devotees, or ‘true believers’.”

 
“Stan Lee and the rest of the pantheon seem to have created a world of religious literature containing cautionary tales, et cetera, for devotees. The following are just a handful of the cautionary tales spun by the progenitors… Here we see the earliest cautionary tale on improper wound care – after a teen is bitten by a radioactive spider, he neglects to seek medical attention and ultimately gains spider-like attributes… Here we see a cautionary tale on the perils of alcoholism in a super-soldier who turns to the drink following the untimely death of his child companion… And here we see an indictment of the military – a scientist who turns into a mentally-challenged green monster when society is in peril is mercilessly hunted by the armed forces.”

 
“In addition to these cautionary tales, the progenitors also created tales that underlined those attributes that society ought to praise. Here we see praise for the efforts of the disabled – a crippled man starts an often-destroyed preparatory school for people with genetic mutations that can be used to fight crime… Here we see praise for business tycoons that use their wealth in constructive ways – a billionaire with iron prosthetics pays for a collection of gods, scientists, archers, and an African ruler to protect the world from alien invasion, et cetera… And here we see several instances of praise for the Canadian Government, whose efforts in the advancement of genetics created multiple nearly-invincible super-soldiers.”

 
The bespectacled dean of the department cleared his throat and interrupted, “All of this is well and good, Marlene, but you know grant money is finite. Why is this project any more important than Gaelin’s proposed cataloging of decades of Bed, Bath & Beyond mailers?”

 
Doctor Keys straightened her blazer and grasped the podium with the conviction of a senator threatening filibuster, “With all due respect, Ken, these manuscripts document decades of the beliefs our ancestors held most dear. Need I remind you that you wield the power to determine what parts of our history are given funding for exploration? *With great power comes great responsibility.* Mailers? Really, Ken? Are the advertising agencies so hard-up that they must rely on the tactics of the past? Would you really have us ignore a better understanding of the belief structures our grandparents and their parents once held? Especially with the press already taking such a vested interest…”

 
The dean again interrupted, his expression was stone behind the glare on his glasses, “Thank you for your time, Marlene. Please leave the memorandum with the rest of your findings for my review. I suspect we will be talking numbers by the end of the week.”  

 
Doctor Keys’ eyes brightened at the sound of probable victory, but professionalism won over her judgment, “Thank you kindly for your time. I look forward to speaking with you.”  She placed her findings near the dean and turned to make her exit.

 
“Just a moment, Marlene. One question further – That bit about power and responsibility… Where have I heard that before?”

 
Doctor Keys placed her hand on the doorknob to leave, “That sounds like a subject best discussed over numbers. Speak soon. I am available at your discretion.”  