"God Damn it! Every fucking year! Jessica call the police! Your brother stole the presents again!" I shout up to her.


I can hear Jessica run across the bedroom and start down the stairs.


"Joe I can't call the cops on him, He's my brother." She exclaimed angrily leaning over the railing.


"I know he's your brother but he's been doing this every year since we got married. The reason he's such a huge asshole is because nobody ever holds him accountable for his actions. Why did your mother have to name him Jesus just because he was born on Christmas?" I ask shaking my head.


"She thought it was cute" Jessica replied with a shrug. while finishing coming down the stairs.


"It's not cute, It's creepy. You realize he actually thinks he's the son of God right? Your brother has mental problems and he needs help. If we..." Jessica's face was getting a deeper shade of purple as I was talking before she exploded.


"How can you say that! He's not crazy okay! That's just the way he is! She screamed at me with tears pouring from her eyes.


I go to hug her and she slaps me across the face. I took a step back and went in again to comfort her and she slapped me again but harder screaming to get away from her. I don't stop and wrap my arms around her in a hug trapping her arms between us. We struggle for a couple minutes before we relax into each other.


"Shh. I know this is hard. But you have to know this isn't normal. I never said he was crazy. We both know he needs help." I whisper to her in a soothing voice while she sobs into my shirt. I can feel the hot tears soaking through my shirt. 


"He's a thief and he only steals from his family because he knows we won't do anything to stop him. Remember two years ago when you got out of the hospital after...Well we both were hurting but you were also dealing with physical pain after Mikey and he stole your pain killers and we couldn't get you anymore for two days. Do you remember that?" Her sobs have turned more into whimpers and she just nodded against my chest.


"I was so scared and angry with myself with the amount of pain you were in. You sounded like a wounded animal and the only relief you could get was taken away from you by your older brother. I thought I lost the pills because you know how forgetful I am. I misplace everything. Right up until we got that phone call that he overdosed on your medication. Do your remember what he said?" I ask her. She nodded and replied.


"He said he was hurting so much because he never was going to get to watch his nephew grow up and just needed something for the pain." she managed to get out through tears and hiccups.



"That's right. Instead of being a big brother after we lost Mikey and you almost died he tried to twist the whole thing into it being about him and put you through the most intense pain you ever had in your life. Honey I'm not saying we have to call the cops to get back at your brother. I'm saying we have to do it because it's the only way to help him. He's an addict and a thief. How much longer do you think he can live like this before he tries to rob the wrong person and gets shot or he overdoses on pills stolen from one of our family members?" I ask her.


"I don't know." She sobs shaking. "I just don't know what to do" 


"I do know honey. We have to report it. He doesn't listen to us or anybody else. Everybody makes excuses about him and we've all told him he has to stop or we're cutting him off but we never do. We have to follow through with what we tell him and if we do this he'll be forced to take responsibility for his actions for once in his life." I say to her in a soothing voice.


"I know. We have to don't we? But honey do we have to on his birthday?" She asks looking up at me with those eyes pleading. God How I love those eyes more than anything in this world. 


"Honey there's never going to be a good time, and we know where he's going next. The same place he went after he robbed us for the last eight years." I say to her trying to make my voice as friendly and understanding as possible.


She nodded and said "Moms house"


"Yup, At least he has the key to her house. I have to replace the window panel in our door." I said shaking my head. "So do you want me to call the police?"


"Yes, I'll try to figure what I'm going to tell mom. You know she's going to freak out and call us when the cops show up. God Joe. I don't think I can handle talking to her about this. She's going to be so angry at me." She started crying and shaking again.


I pull her back in for a hug "Oh Jess please don't cry. Turn your phone off for tonight. I'll handle your mother okay?"


She nods "Just don't yell at her okay Joe?"


I look down at her and try to give an innocent smile "I wouldn't dream of it" She gives me a knowing look. "Well I have dreamt of it but tonight I'll let her vent and I'll be the calm one. We will have to start drawing boundaries with her though."


"I know. I'm going to take a couple sleeping pills with a glass of wine. I'll see you when I awake from stasis" She gives me a kiss and heads into the kitchen. 


I breath a sigh of relief. After years of trying to get her to stand up for herself She's finally taking the first step. I pull out my phone and dial 911.