[note: i know this is meant to be a five year old, but i wanted the age to change to around 13 instead, giving a little more room to understand things. sorry about that! i’m planning on expanding on this, turning it into a full story and/or maybe even a short comic. i’ll keep the basic prompt the same, but i’m definitely changing the year/birthday/model number thing.]

“You don’t look like an one of them.” 

Distaste clearly laced Sienna’s voice, but it didn’t reach her eyes. The boy sitting across from her had a gaze that was as emotionally distant as her own. 

“I know. That’s the point, Els-“

“Don’t call me that, gearbox.”

“I’m not a—. Look, Sienna. I think..I think they’ve been lying to us. Isn’t it a little suspicious? We’re both adopted on the same day. They told me you were only here so I wasn’t alone.”

“What? Hayden, have you got too much oil in your head? They told ME that YOU were only here so I wasn’t alone. They probably just didn’t want to freak us out.”

“Technically it isn’t oil, it—“

The girl threw her hands up in exasperation. “That’s not what I’m saying, Hayden! I’m saying that there’s no need for weird theories, okay? You’re just a...a stupid robot. What would you know?” 

Hayden sighed; Sienna decided he looked rightfully defeated, though she did feel slightly guilty. At least, she did, before he grabbed her wrist and stood. He unceremoniously dragged the younger girl to the kitchen and drew two small blades from the knife block. 

Releasing her wrist, Hayden crouched to meet her terrified gaze. “Look. You think I’m the android, right?” He waited until Sienna dipped her head in response, then passed the young girl one of the knives. Unlike many in the kitchen, the blade was smooth and sharp, not serrated and relatively dull like the others—which were in desperate need of sharpening. Elsie reluctantly clutched the handle, her scared emerald eyes wavering when meeting the warm chocolate ones across from her.

“Then cut me.” Hayden offered his free arm. Elsie didn’t hesitate as much when she noticed the confidence shining back at her. Careful not to cut too deep, she quickly slit his wrist—

—and yelped so loud that it shoved the breath from her lungs. 

The fifteen year old boy was bleeding. Hayden. Bleeding. Sure, androids could bleed, but their blood...it wasn’t red. Never red, and that was on purpose. They weren’t human, weren’t human, weren’t—.

“Oh.” He said quietly, the pain hardly registering in his skull. The realization was hazy but definite, a fog draped over any other logical thought. “So they did lie.”

The harsh clatter of metal on tile sounded as the blade hit the kitchen floor and skidded across. Sienna stared at it blankly, her hands shaking. 

“Does that mean...?”

Hayden glanced up at the voice, torn away from the sight of a scarlet stream running down his arm, dripping like raindrops onto the white tile. “Hey,” the boy murmured as her legs gave way. He caught her with his injured hand as she slumped over, gently resting her on the ground with a noticeable wince.

“There’s no guarantee..maybe they lied about getting an android at all..” But Elsie was having none of it. “Cut me.”

“...I’m sorry?” The older teen frowned and looked at the knife he held in his other hand. 

“Cut me,” Sienna repeated, an edge to her voice. “or I’ll do it myself.” Hayden bit back a complaint and obliged, gently touching the sharp edge to her skin. “Get it over with, idiot!” She hissed, then had to bite back a complaint of her own as he did as he had been told.

There was blood. Sienna sighed in relief, but when she looked at Hayden, the look of panic was like no other. She swallowed hard and tried push past her fear of looking at the cut. Maybe Hayden just didn’t like the sight of blood. But then, wouldn’t he have shown it when she had cut him? 

Those emerald chips dared glance down.

There was blood...But it wasn’t red.

The pink fluid steadily flowed from her wound, almost tauntingly, before edging across her downturned palm. Collecting on her fingertips. Pitter-pattering slowly onto the tile. 

“Oh, my god..Hayden, what do I...?”

“We need to clean this up, obviously,” he muttered, snapping back to his senses. At least Elsie was more horrified than shell-shocked. Though there normally wasn’t much of a difference, Hayden was glad to see that her eyes were clear—no thousand yard stare of a person that had seen too much. 

“Come on, Elsie..we need to hurry before Mum gets back. We can deal with this later.”

The disgust and dash of panic at her own body—her own mind—was enough to keep her from objecting to the nickname.

Sienna Holt was not human.

She never had been.

[wooo! that was pretty fun tbh. hope you enjoyed, even if it was short and,,pretty rushed]
