Games make it look so easy. Just hold your arm in one place for a few seconds, screw up your face in concentration, then punch forward and release. Simple, right?

That's what Sam thought too, a few months back. When the discovery of charge attacks became worldwide, every kid in his class tried it. It was honestly hilarious, to see a whole group of middle-schoolers stand out in the yard during breaktime, holding and punching in the hopes of releasing a shockwave, like the guy on Youtube had done.

A few occasionally managed a small blast, enough to blow someone's hair back. One in particularly actually managed to knock the girl in front of her off her feet. Emma, was that her name? Sam couldn't be bothered, really. She'd been one of the quiet ones, the girls that aren't part of a gaggle and just don't attract attention to themselves. Even the loner boys desperate for female attention hardly noticed her. She wasn't noticeable, not even to Sam.

When she knocked another girl off her feet, she briefly became the center of attention. Everyone begged her to do it again, and so she did. Nothing happened, though. No more shock-wave, just a fluke. If she hadn't been standing at the back they probably would've turned to the one behind her instead, believing her result to be fake, even though they now knew for sure that the newly-dubbed 'Shock-Punch' was real.

They still didn't have a clue what made it happen, though, and the guy on Youtube that had released it (anonymously, which was very clever of him) had not posted a tutorial video or anything.

Sam knew. It had taken a few days of meticulous experimentation in his back yard, but that's what he'd always been: Meticulous.

So much so, in fact, that he tended to notice things everyone else looked past. The kids in his class, the teachers in the staff room during break, the school director, they were all terrible at noticing the small details. Even if they caused it.

He'd noticed, Sam had. Noticed the slow but steady rate at which his pay was falling behind the rest of the teachers'. Noticed how he always ended the day with the most bothersome classes. The ones that wouldn't listen or even attempt to sit quietly for so much as the minute or two it took to give homework. The ones where he had to resort to his specially-tuned dog whistle, just audible to teenage ears. And even that only shut them up on good days. On bad days they just made more noise still.

So Sam had sacrificed a few sick-days to the new opportunity. The trick, when he realized, was so incredibly simple. It wasn't about how you held your arm at all. Nor was it about how you moved it. What you really had to do was keep your muscles tensed in the *exact* same position for at least 10 seconds. Sounds easy, right? Go ahead, tense all the muscles in your arm. Now, don't shake that arm. No, even those little tremors will mess it up, you have to keep it *perfectly* still. And when you're ready to release, it has to be one smooth motion. Oh, and good luck keeping that up for more than a few minutes. Hope you're not afraid of a little acid in your muscles.

When he started delving into the reasons for how it worked, Sam discovered something else. The more muscles you tensed this way, the stronger the blast and the faster it grew. That explained how some kids could manage weak shock-waves despite their trembling arms. If you keep just one muscle steady for 30 seconds, you get a noticeable shock-wave.

After his sick days ran out, Sam returned to work, with his arm in a sling. A few basic "get well soon's" from his coworkers, as if they hadn't noticed how he'd fallen from grace in the eyes of the director, for no particular reason. A few simple lessons, punctuated by lots of shouting and random gusts of air every break, and often in the few minutes between lessons too.

Then, the final class. D3, the class of the rebounds. The kids who couldn't give a damn about their grades but still weren't expelled, because by the laws of a decade ago you couldn't expel a kid for anything other than a very select list of serious offenses. Otherwise, you had to keep them on while enrolled until they left of their own volition.

Sam walked into the classroom to the usual ruckus, except now there were some gusts of winds flying everywhere. Knowing how his future at the school would go, and deciding it was completely worth it, Sam removed his sling with his right hand.

He looked across the chaos of the classroom, searching for the one face he knew would be turned in his direction. He still wasn't sure why Emma had ended up in this class last semester, but it must've been because her grades had prevented her from advancing.

Now, he caught her eye, held it for a few moments, then looked straight ahead.

With a single flawless arc, his left arm flew towards the windows on the outside of the school building. The resulting shock-wave blew out the windows in a shatter of glass shards so small they might as well be raindrops, then continued into the woods at the edge of the school grounds, shredding the first few layers of trees at the edge.

In the stunned silence of the first few seconds following that move, he cleared his throat. "Now, shut the FUCK up and listen". As he began his new lesson, the fire alarm went off, and the rest of the school plunged into the chaos of panic usually reserved for bomb threats.

For once, class D3 was the quietest in the whole building.

&#x200B;

Let me know what you thought of it. If enough people want me to, I might write a sequel (in a day or two)

EDIT: Due to almost exclusively positive response (the remainder being neutral), I'll be writing more. Now to just find a time and place. Also edited tiny inconsistency (thanks, /u/SanityContagion)

The story continues in /r/IvainirCreation. It's not done yet, but I want the first 'true' chapter to be at least 2000 words long (twice as long as this one).