Tom is telling me to die again and i listen for about a sentence and a half before i zone out. he's a full century younger than me and hell, i don't owe him anything. 

I know what he's going to say this time anyway - he's a sucker for CNN and they rolled out a newish line yesterday. 'the government's going to have to change how the pensions work' will be his angle of attack for probably the next week or so, until he gets frustrated and goes back to his personal favourite, the environment. 

Personally i see through the pensions schtick, like i saw through it seventy five years ago when they first tried it. it didn't affect anyone then and it won't now, compound interest and doubled - then tripled - retirement age has seen to that for probably the next millenium. A while back i made a habit of writing down each new argument as it appeared but i soon gave it up - partly boredom, partly vague paranoia that it could put me on some kind of list if it got out. I remember most of them though, and notice when they get reused - the government has realised that however long we live our attention spans mostly stay the same. 

Here's the rub - everyone knows that it's unsustainable to live forever, even though we can. some of the arguments are even true - after 250 years or so of a normal life, for instance, you have used up more oxygen than you could ever reasonably compensate unless you're majorly into planting trees (and let me tell you, if you got to 250 years old with your original back like i did, there's no way you've done your fair share of gardening) . But, no government on earth, and especially not our government here, is ever going to get elected by giving us a mandatory lifespan. Just look at the east - China had a violent revolution within five years of imposing 150 on everyone; Kazakhstan didn't fare much better when they tried 200. A whole lot of our foreign propaganda is devoted to flashing our essentially unlimited lifespans - a whole lot of our domestic propaganda, though, is devoted to limiting them. 

Whether by accident or design, the fashionable? no... acceptable? hmm. the *polite* age to end your own life has, in this country at least, been set at 300. Not by the government, of course, not directly. At first it was heroes: the veterans came out with their 'passing the baton' and 'left better than we found'. a few politicians cemented their legacies (and dynasties) with 'dignity' and the 'borrowing the earth from our children' line. Notable figures began to die off in droves at 300 and within a few short years it was just the accepted age - same as you're born at 0 and drink at 18, you die at 300. 

Except me. For a while it was the usual excuse of the overstayers - having too much fun, goodness is that the time, well a month or two won't hurt. After that i moved on to spending time with the children, then the grandchildren and so on. Doing the rounds - most people do this in their 270s and are reasonable, i did it in my 310s-330s and was obnoxious. Right before i was really ready to go this time, no more excuses, time to shuffle off eh, do my part for the overcrowding ('overcrowding' was playing especially well before the expansion into the rest of the solar system), i took advantage of the free moon trips for the over 195s and had a kind of second adolescence with a nice girl a sixth my age - they're a bit more liberal up there. And then back home, where the smiles froze and the welcomes were forced, and the polite 'we didn't expect you to hang around this long' became the frosty 'we didn't expect you to hang around this long'. 

And so back to Tom, who is reaching the end of his speech, never once directly challenging me to end my own life - he's still more or less respectful of his much elders - but asking my opinion of the hugely biased 'facts' he's just repeated.

Honestly, i don't know what would satisfy me more - ending it all just to avoid Tom's speeches, or carrying on just to see what he comes up with next week. 


