Arthur, or King Arthur to be proper, leaned back and sighed as his queen serviced him while he ruled from his throne. Life is cruel, and at the same time beautiful. And no one’s life represented this fact more than our dear king. Born to an unwilling mother from a forced affair. Arthur suffered enough abuse throughout his childhood to satiate even the cruelest of a torturer. He was beaten and berated on the daily for being a constant reminder of a tragic and traumatic day. That was until he snapped and removed his mother’s head after another berating beating. Strolling through the streets of the kingdom covered in blood and a bright smile on his face, our rather demented protagonist ran into the most stunning beauty he had ever laid eyes upon. Her raven hair, inky black lips, and beautiful radiant smile captured his attention immediately, and his being covered in blood captured her’s. Without words, the two would fall deeply in love. Dark, demented, and definitely forbidden, but love none the less. That would be until the former king, and our raven-haired beauty’s father got wind of the relationship. Sending knight after knight to kill Arthur and end the love affair he, the former king, considered taboo. Ah, but Arthur gave them the same treatment he gave his mother. Lopping off all their heads and with the same gleeful smile, he wore when he first took life. Eventually, so too did the king receive Arthur’s infamous maternal treatment. Slaying the king with the staff that supposedly only those of royal blood could wield. The staff he gripped tightly as he climaxed. Both due to the royal treatment he received and to the thought of going from unloved and unwanted to being “Arthur the desired”. He ran a hand through his raven hair as he watched his queen saunter way. Her duties complete. Smiling his trademarked smile he looked up at the mounted heads that adorned his throne: One for the former king, One for the former queen, one for his mother, and lastly the Court vizier(because he looked at him wrong.) and sighed,

“It’s good to be king.”

A little NSFW. Feedback always appreciated. Thanks /u/Red580 for the prompt.