A crowd's gathered. But I wont stop.

I swing my rake like a cudgel, landing an effective hit on the Sunfire in front of me. I use the momentum to swing around and harpoon the windshield of an eggshell Elantra, jumping slightly to reach it. It shatters instantly. 

People are screaming, either from bewilderment or begging me to stop. They cower in fear. I continue my rampage, my assault. I feel a thousand pupils in my back, reminding me that I was like them once. And I know I'll be written off as insane, a junkie, or a woman scorned.

And maybe they're right about that last one. But I know what I saw. I just dont remember WHO.

It was only ten hours ago. A dry, pallor filled 4 AM. I had just gotten back from my job, my husband coming out to meet me. It had been tough recently, with me working overnights to save up for the in vitro. And not five seconds passed before he was suddenly scooped up into the womb of a white sedan, which had previously looked like any other car in the lot. It had folded into itself something vaguely anthromorphic, the front seats warped into a pleather tongue, a smorgasbord of various parts becoming improvised incisors.

It made short work of him as I stood in shock. As if riled by the commotion, other cars changed as well, running towards and digging at the remains. It was so loud, and bloody. The rain washed him from the pavement. As I wondered how they could switch back so swiftly and effortlessly, a rogue sideview mirror smacked the side of my face. I somersaulted into the hedges the maintenance crew has so neatly trimmed. I hid there for what felt like hours, but was really a tenth of one. 

And just like that, it was as if the whole thing had never happened. Just like that, there years of marriage masticated and digested by mysterious hunks of metal. Warily, I stepped back out as the day broke. I took the rake he had just bought me, the first item for the house we just bought...its amazing how everything seemed to be driving in the right direction, and the vehicle we were heading in turned on us and lead to our demise. 

I had heard stories. From people I wouldn't trust to make toast to friends whose opinions on the matter I had previously written off. Who would believe that cars would have a bloodlust, and could switch shapes at will? This wasn't fucking Transformers And yet here I was, in my own movie.

I should've calmed down, talked to people, gotten sources. But I was blinded, maybe by rage or the highbeams of the Prius that came after me. I didnt WANT to plan anymore. I had done enough of that. And so, once I couldn't find any trace of him, the first smash took place. It was just a kick, out of frustration, really. But it was followed by a sweep of the prongs against headlights. And then a smash. Another smash.

Shatter, dent. 
Hood damage, tie rod bent.

A cop shows up. He readies a gun. I stand before him as a light from his finger blinds me. I squint, my eyes widen, and I squint again

It's my husband's wedding ring