We were told from a young age as children, at 18 an entity known as the wisher, would arrive and ask what our one wish would be and it would be granted. No questions asked.

Everyone had their desires, immortalness, strength, speed etc, but not me, my desire was only simple, the ability to heal people.

I was in a world where people simply chose the most mundane powers of selfishness, no one ever chose one for good.

My 18th arrived, and the wisher arrived to ask my wish.

He looks at me and asks:

"What is your wish that you seek from me?" He asks.

I look at him and asks the following question to him before I make a wish, because if I chose my wish I needed to know what power came with it.

"Before I give my wish to you, I ask you a question if I'm allowed sir?"

The wisher looks stunned at me, for the first time someone is asking him a question, people just ask the wish and it done, no questions asked, fearing he would be angry at me, he smiled and said:

"In all my time, no one has asked me a question to a wish before, I am intreged about this. Please ask your question, my child"

I was surprised at this, but I was determined to know before I asked, my parents always told me to seek out logic before reasoning. And so I asked my question!

"I'd like to know this, before I ask my wish, I have an interest in healing abilities, and I'd like to know if I ask for the healing abilities, will it come with reserection provided the subject hasn't been dead for too long of a time?"

He looks at me curiously enough and simply responds

"The power of healing someone is a rare power, no one has ever asked me a question to a power before, your power of healing does come with only a tiny restriction on how it can be used, the one of dead people however is limited to those who have not fully passed on, if this makes sense child?" 

Upon hearing my answer answered I smiled, I've always wondered about healing powers and thus my desire was completed, it's time to make my wish.

"Thank you sir, I'd like to make my wish now please. I'd like to wish for the power of healing, to be able to heal anything possible whatever it may be"

Wish maker looks at me and smiles at me and extends his hand at me saying "a fine wish choice indeed, may it come in handy in the times of need"

Upon shaking his hand I felt a power rush through me, greenish blue energy was encompassing me, my wish was granted and he left.

Shortly after he left, I went to the nearest hospital and stood in the Foyer.

I closed my eyes and could sense the sick and dying in the building.

With my arms stretched out, I stated " may all those in this building be forever healed of their injuries and suffering" 

A bright light enveloped the building, healing those who needed it most. It was a wonderful feeling I could feel.

My name is apollo, and my power is a healer.