I had forgotten about it long ago. A tiny shrine built to any god who would inhabit it. It had been a child's game, to build a temple for a god was something I thought would be fun. 

Nearly thirty summers ago I came out to this field, and built the structure. It was minuscule, only barely too big to be taken as a songbird's home. Without much in the way of building talent I had taken four beams and nailed them together to make a pair of A frames. Munching on my favorite snack the whole time i had nailed more planks and left over roof tiles along the top sides of the frame, then set another few planks into the bottom to create a floor. Looking up at it now I could still see the indents from where i had missed the nails or bent them sideways. So much time had passed. Decades as a farmer tends to make you appreciate your early work more or not at all. I loved it, excitement had driven the swings of those hammers, not just another mandate from the chicken company over me. Not another frantic race to keep up with the other chicken keepers they were judging me against.

I started to notice the carvings. That day so many years ago i'd been inspired by my snack. A proper temple needed carvings or reliefs on the front, so i'd taken the apple core and stuck it in a hole then carved apple trees on either side of the 'tall' door on the front that reached from the floor all the way to the peak of the A a couple feet higher. More crude, but passionate work.

I hadn't noticed at first that the apple tree had started growing. Now the little temple I'd built was suspended in a young strong Apple tree. It's branches stretching wider with each year but still gently cradling the temple near its trunk.

Here I was, In the shadow of the temple I'd built all those years ago. Frightened and desperate kneeling amidst all the cast off apples littering the ground in various stages of rot. My own rot eating at my heart. I'd heard about other people who built grand temples to gods like Ra, and Odin. I didn't know much about any gods, but i knew one thing, She didn't have any other options left. My last relative, and the Doctors were stopping Chemo. I had never made enough to pay them to keep going, I didn't know if I would if I had the money. She just looked so tired. I shuddered as the first winds of winter froze the tears on my cheeks.

"please, i ..."

I looked up as a warm presence brushed my cheek. Into the most beautiful face i'd ever seen. 

"Ginger?"

"No, but I'll take it as a compliment that the first woman you mention is your late wife." The lovely woman smiled down, here eyes intent on mine "There are lots of happy years in your heart. Fewer now."

"I... I'm;" my breath froze. Why would a goddess appear to me, I was no one, just

"Just the man who put passion and youthful love into building my Temple. Suspending it in a tree was a beautiful touch, though unintentional at the time." Her smile still strong, but not overly so. A genuine expression that rested more in the lines around her eyes than on her lips.

My awe had me all but pinned to the ground, i almost felt that i could kneel here forever, but the sun was setting behind the goddess. I would have to start dinner soon.

"It has been a long time, but I have a gift for you Thomas Cook." My glance trailed to her hands, reaching forward from within her auburn dress. The ends of her sleeves embroidered with golden swirls and vaguely predatory shapes. Then finally my eyes fell to the offered apple in her hands, it shimmered, seemingly golden in the sunset. More perfect than any example of the fruit i'd ever seen before. I reached forward and took it gently in my hands.

"I had intended you receive this years ago, but you haven't returned since building my temple. This apple, eaten by a healthy person even one of middle age like yourself will have their life extended by many decades, perhaps even centuries."

"And if given to a sick person?" I asked, rekindled hope almost pushing me to interrupt a goddess

I watched as her smile deepened, "Then it will act as a wellspring & heal them. Bringing them back to the full bloom of their health." I stared at the miracle in my hands

"Do they have to eat it whole, or... what if i cut it up." I said looking up to find her also kneeling, her eyes level with mine for the first time.

"You know as well as I do Ginny likes peanut butter with her apple slices. Just don't be a stranger, & bring her with you in the spring once she's stronger." She said,

"Thank you." I hesitated, "I don't know your name, but will learn."

"Of course, now hurry, she'll be waking up soon."

Hurry I did, Nearly tripping over myself I ran back up to the ranch house, the years felt like they fell away. I covered the nearly half mile back to the house in a fraction of the time it took to walk out to the temple. I slowed on the porch, trying to be quiet, took the apple in to the kitchen and sliced it into a bowl, a dolop of Jif on the side for dipping. I set the core down, deciding then to plant it near the temple. If one tree had pleased her enough to save my granddaughter I'd turn that field around it into an Orchard in thanks.

"Hey Ginny," I called sofly into the slowly darkening living room, as I set the down on the end table "I brought you some apple slices."

She mumbled a reply I couldn't rightly hear & took a slice from the bowl. She smiled and nodded towards her cup. She was still using a lidded cup even at thirteen because she didn't have the strength to hold the heavy old glasses I had.

"Sure Honey, Root Beer?" I said, turning away with the dishes after receiving an affirmative nod.

I took a couple minutes and washed the dishes, putting them into the rack before refilling her drink and one for myself and heading back into the living room.

"Hey Grandpa, I fell asleep during Harry Potter, can you put on another movie?" Her Blue eyes following me. The empty bowl on the end table didn't have any traces of apple left. It even looked like she'd trailed her fingers over it to get as much left of peanut butter as possible. Then She had sat up on her own. I noticed the clear tube for her oxygen had fallen into her lap, but she wasn't having any trouble breathing. 

"Will you watch that old Princess movie with me? The one Grandma liked?" Ginny asked as she smiled up at me, taking Her root beer from my hand. I walked around the part of the sectional she was resting on and grabbed the DvD from the rack.

"As you Wish," but I knew she heard the I Love You in the words. And some how, I knew my Goddess had heard the words as well.