It wasn't easy to convince the aliens that you had something up your sleeve. Janitors have their tricks, and when you're given every key, sometimes you figure out some of the secrets you had no business figuring out. And the biggest secret of all would be the key to helping the aliens defeat the evil invaders who exterminated mankind. Somewhere, in the heaps and ruins of what was left of human society, there was something more powerful than super soldiers and evil invaders. And through fate, it had fallen to you to wield that power. You just needed to find...

The suit.

Digging through sector 70-21A (The remains of what used to be Eugene, Oregon), you start to recognize some of your surroundings; The coffee shop, crumbling and decrepit; The sign to the old ice cream parlor, mostly rusted away. You're close.

Finally, paydirt. You remove some rubble to reveal a series of underground passageways. Though your mind is still foggy from the cryogenic freezing, you know these old hallways like the back of your hand. You know where your old mop, broom, and key chain would be, provided, God willing, they'd been undisturbed. All of your old equipment would come in handy, but most importantly, in this most dire of moments, you need...

The suit.

You find the closet where all your old equipment used to be stored. A swoosh adorns the door, and your mind wanders back to the bitter memories of corruption and greed that lead to the downfall of humanity. But no time for that now, you have business to attend to. You shine your alien flashlight to illuminate the closet, and you see a most delightful sight: All your equipment, untouched. A little dusty, but considering the ruins in which they lay, practically pristine. Your heart begins to race in excitement. In another room, just down the hall, you hoped the key to victory still lay.

Gathering your old equipment, you find the room. You dust off the door to make sure, and the obnoxious neon yellow color you see underneath the dust is your confirmation. You open up the door, shine your flashlight, and what sits on the shelf before you is truly a sight to behold. The great big green shirt. The white pants complete with fuzzy flippers. The cartoonish eyes that pierce your 
 soul. Is that a tiny yellow cape, or just an ascot? No one ever knew; thus was the mystery of the suit. You slip on the outfit, and slowly feel yourself becoming more powerful. You just needed to complete the ensemble with some action hero sunglasses...

[perfect](https://i.pinimg.com/474x/3b/08/29/3b0829a33b7a8cd26c2f18522bd9613b--oregon-football-the-duck.jpg)

Time to head back to where the alien military is hiding from the invaders. They're aghast-you can tell they're in awe at your newfound magnificence. Immediately they flock to you, surely in awe at your power. "No more hiding" you announce. "but how? They outnumber us" calls out the only alien soldier brave enough to question you. In response, you grab your most trusty piece of janitorial equipment...

"It's time to *mop the floor* with these guys."

You lead the charge. The invaders don't see it coming. Your fat, fuzzy legs are too fast. Your moves are too sexy. One swipe with your mop wipes out dozens of invaders at a time. Behind your lead, the aliens advance against the invaders with force. At last, you encounter the Great Invader, leader of the evil invaders. A swing of his mighty axe splinters your mop in two. But you came prepared...

"It's time to *sweep* these guys off the planet."

It's the broom's time to shine. You take the Great invader off guard and split his axe in two with a swing of your broom. This infuriates him, and he manages to break your broom before you can bring it back. He advances, thinking you are out of weapons. He couldn't be more wrong: the keys! They gave the suit...certain powers...

"Ascot, go!"

Your ascot unties itself, rising in the air and shining a beam of light at the Great Invader with massive force. However, he is able to resist! You must amplify the power of the ascot by...doing shitty push-ups! You get into position and barely move your shoulders. 1...2...3...4...it's working! The beam gets stronger and stronger and finally blows away the Great Invader for good!

The rest of the Invaders (who, as you have observed, look remarkably like huskies) surrender all at once. But they have an announcement: they're just following orders! At once the true Leader arrives. His leaves rustle as he approaches, his hideous smile removed and turned upside-down in reaction to the defeat. "You win this round!" [The king of the invaders](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/18f48bey7o1tvjpg.jpg) declares before teleporting away. One by one, the other invaders also teleport away, but one stays behind just long enough to ask "Who...who are you??"

"Puddles. Puddles the Duck."