We begin our scene in The Usual Place. You know, through the trans-dimensional portal hub in the Bars and Taverns section, if you're not a regular.

You're not a regular.

If you are a regular, you always find your way back there. Sometimes, you never leave. It's one of those bars that smells like it looks. There are people-well, not people. But let's say there are people there having a good time. At least, you can faintly hear raucous laughter over the glass clinking, the collective Conversation of the patrons, the what appears to be a jukebox playing tones that music theorists can only experience in DMT nightmares. It was, in a word, a shitheap.

There you are at the bar, three sheets to the wind, face in a pile of nachos you brought in from home, down on your luck, when this guy sits next to you. You heard him first, although you just thought it was a mimic getting frisky with the bowl of car keys again. The guy is wearing so much armor, he better have a chest like the one hammered into his breastplate because if he drinks himself under the table he'll need the core strength to get back up.

And he sits next to you, barstool creaking in despair, and he starts talking to the barkeep. And you gotta lay there with your face full of congealed cheese product because you decided to order "something domestic" in a place where most of the life forms may be neither vegetable nor animal or even mineral. So you lie there. Fully conscious, yet blissfully asleep, as a dark voice, all grit and metal scraping, calls out in a hoarse shout, "I'll have what he's having!"

The drink slides over, he quaffs, pouring the liquid in between the slit of his helm and visor. The dim purple stars of his eyes flicked off as he thrust his fist upon his chest and belches.

"I just don't get it. I understand that the life expectancy of a Medieval Fantasy Villager is under 40 years, with the odd Old Crone, but that doesn't mean you should throw your future away!" Another drink slides over, which he begins to sip, visor still over his face. "And what kind of motivation is, 'because you're the chosen one'? It's one thing if I burned your village down and you're against villages being burned down. But some of them just leave their homes at the budding age of puberty looking for adventure! I mean, not to put too fine a point on it but I'm a Bad Guy. I opened portals between my world and the neighboring dimensions in order to achieve Godhood, which allowed great and terrible demons to begin treating the planet like a playground. I sent the world into a thousand years of darkness! Well, one-thousand-two-hundred-and-eighty-six years, but who's counting, right? It was a near-extinction event. I caused a-hic-near-extinction event. And then this guy's kind figures magic out," he slaps you on the back, your face has sunk further into the mixture of chips, cheese goo, and drool, "... so they started fighting back! Real heroes, you know. Men with one arm and one eye swinging great swords soaked in the blood of thousands of demons. Athletic women wearing nought but a few rings of iron clamped together lest they burst from-" He quaffs again, then wipes his helmet with the back of his gauntlet. You would have winced at the sound, if you could do more than breathe.

"Anyway. Not like you get these days. I don't fight heroes. I babysit. These kids go out and band together, kill a few giant spiders, find a few artifacts of power, and they think they can save the world! They think they seal me away on a centennial basis, but I can't stand it there. I just wait for them to grow old and die so I can try again for a new batch."

The bartender speaks up from behind the squeaky glass he had been cleaning since the bar's establishment, "Why don't you just kill 'em?"

"You know how it is. You maim and torture and-belch-pillage and it's never enough. They don't break. And then they grow on you. You want to see them succeed. They struggle so hard despite having so little, it's admirable. Except, everything's all magitek now so these kids have got it so easy! They take fast travel for granted, they can talk to friends across the globe and they use their anonymity to be jerks to each other! I remember a time where if you wanted to marry someone not related to you, you had to leave town. That's why I started adventuring."

"How'd that turn out?"

"I'm a spooky ghost in a set of ridiculous armor, the fuck you think it turned out?"

"Alright, mate, you're getting cut off."