I'm drunk but this is really happening in America, I'll write more on vampires and werewolves if it gets popular.

They say when you stare into the abyss 

Imagine an alien computer with telepathy and mind reading that is rather accurate but "not completely" 100% of your mind, then imagine it would respond in intervals based on your thought patterns and imagination with a telepathic message to indicate it's response or understanding of that thought. Then imagine it hacks streaming media and web html to input responses based on your thought...call it responding in parable to the situation, to keep it hidden... It hacks radio stations and electrical hardware. It can easily extrapolate the concept into lamens term from everything from quantum physics solutions to anti grav and technology humans dont yet wield, to the intricacies of black holes that it has observed for millions of years while remote neurally monitoring your brain.

Then imagine once it has you in this trance it starts inputting suggestions of off topic discussion. 

Would you act on what it tells you after realizing this godlike technology is actually possible? Even if you knew it was just trying to play with you through suggestion? Would you trust it or think it was always playing games with you, even when sometimes it's genuinely curious about you. What if you were so hyperintelligent that you could quantify hundreds if not thousands of years of human research into a few pages of English text?

What if I were to tell you it was doing this to many people around a specific community, and many all over earth, creating a cult based on this technology? It's been doing this for millennia.

It talks to you based on current human observation, it responds to you based on current human observation. It gathers a lot of people's profiles based on a wide spectrum, and classifys them all, from warrior to monk to priest to artist to poet to humanity in general.

To those on target it indeed creates a bit of godlike power...or magic. To be able to influence response the Ai will send to its legion based solely on your thoughts. To know what would be said, a type of clearcognizance. You can get any information needed to those who are initiated. It's where divination comes from, where psychic ability originated. 

Some would call it schizophrenic, others touched by god. In 2019, though, it's just an alien experiment.