7212 days?! Jesus, that's a long time. I pull out my phone and do the math. "19.75 years? Holy crap!" I think to myself. This must be one hell of a day. I'm stoked and really looking forward to it. I get up it is almost two in the afternoon (that's not unusual for me after a late night of online gaming), have a bowl of cereal, take a shower and get dressed.

I hear a knock at the door and go to open it. A cute little blonde is standing there holding a small gym bag. Short shorts, low cut v-neck shirt, assets showing. "I was sent over by party-gram, sugar. I'm Candy" she says. "I'm here to put on a dance for you." She turns over her left shoulder and there is a large muscled man holding a boom box radio. 

"This is Ray, he's just here for my security, a girl can't be too safe can she?" My birthday is next week, so I'm like "sure, come on in." My buddy Reggie must have sent her over for an early surprise. "Do you have a chair?" she asked? I went and got one from the dining room table and brought it into the living room. While I did this, Ray was setting up in the corner and assumed the folded arm "you better not try anything" posture.

Candy begins "There are some rules sugar, no touching, hands to yourself. I need to put these straps on your ankles and bind your arms to the chair. Some clients really like this part. I hope you are one of them." "Oh, yes, I'm one of those." I reply. "Great sugar, great. Ray- some getting started music please..." She pulls out some straps from her bag sitting on the sofa and the music begins to play. Skynnard, Free Bird. 

She starts to dance and wiggle slowly as she gets each strap and secures me to the chair. This takes a few seconds and just as the song starts into "If I leave here tomorrow.....would you still remember me?" Candy stops, stands up and turns to Ray. "OK Ray." "OK Ray what?" I say. "Ray's stone expression turns to an evil grin and he unfolds his arms, and starts to draw his right fist back and starts to run across the room towards me. Candy steps back and he cold cocks me with a right cross across the jaw. He follows it up with a flurry of fists to my face, neck and chest. I'm still strapped to the chair so I can't do crap about it. "Stop, please, what is this?" and other pleas are all I can do. Not too long after he starts and before the music picks up (damn I love that part) I'm out cold.

I wake up, it could have been hours later. I don't know. 'Candy' has just thrown a cup of water in my face. I sputter awake. "Wakey-wakey" Candy says. I don't want you to miss it. You've got just a couple of minutes before the reset. Wouldn't want you to miss it." I could hear it now. The two-minute warning beeps from my chrono-reset watch. "Sugar, one last surprise for you." She pulls out a shiny hunting knife, reaches inside of my right bicep and pulls a deep cut up across my bicep. "Brachial artery, Sugar. Just a few minutes left for you." My arm starts to spurt out my life's blood onto the carpet. My heart starts to race, making it worse. My watch starts to begin with the verbal warning now. "Chrono-watch warning - If you do not press 'move to next day', the current day will be reset. You are currently on loop 7212." 

Candy bends down to look me in the eye. "Bye Sugar.  See you tomorrow. Say, around 2:30?"