For every one, sixteen.

They say you learn by doing, ‘find things out the hard way’ and ultimately learn from your mistakes.

I’ve had a while to really learn from my own.

Throughout the time I spent amongst the living I was a scientist. I had wanted to do the world, no... that would be too megalomaniacal... I wanted to provide for those I loved. It just so happens that the world ended up being involved. The issue was that what I came up with was something so unbelievable that it threw me from just doing my job, making money for those I loved, to changing the world. I won’t lie. I was a scientist. Of course I wanted to change the world. But really, I wanted more than nothing else to make sure that I could provide.

My mother wasn’t exactly the most healthy of people and yet she raised me the way she did. My father was a presence in my childhood, however the nature of the world meant that he spent most of his time well away from his son. A son that needed attention, truth be told. Guidance, perhaps? I really can’t even say what it would be anymore. All I know is that I had a father but may as well have grown up without one.

This is the way of things when you are young and the world is at war though. At any moment it would appear that the world can collapse around you and as such, you find solace in your own interests. Those interests blossom as a result of being left alone. Interference in my disposition towards the marvellous was kept to a minimum and throughout my childhood I became something of a prodigy. I suppose that’s one way of putting it, at least. Truth be told what kind of prodigy causes what I did, what kind of prodigy has these insecurities that last, even now? Prodigy. What a dull and insignificant word.

There is something to be said about solitude though. It lends itself remarkably well to reflection and contemplation upon ones life, whether that be the actions that one took during its course or the ramifications of an existence. An existence such as mine. I have the time now, to truly contemplate upon the things that I did and what lead me to cause them. The reason I have this time? The rule. For every one, sixteen.

Such a peculiar number is sixteen.There’s nothing truly remarkable about it. It isn’t a prime. It comes so close to being one, seventeen just a plus one away, but it isn’t. Really, sixteen just exists. It’s there. Nothing much to it. Sixteen, however, happens to have become the most important number in what I can suggest is an existence. At least as far as I am concerned. Let it be said that I am nothing if not inherently selfish. Loneliness will do that, especially after such a long time.

For every one, sixteen.

Of course, all of this sounds incredibly morose. It isn’t necessarily that bad. I have been there throughout history. Mankind is such an interesting concept... I call it a concept these days, peculiar. I have watched the rise and fall of nations, geography and all manner of things. In a twisted sense of the word I might be considered lucky, to have witnessed humanity reach the stars, to colonise Mars... to begin to actualise what it as a species was capable of.

Twisted.

For all of their feats there was one thing that humanity never stopped doing. A force of habit, ingrained in their very biology. No science will back me up on this of course, this idea of mine is more of a philosophy rather than a truth. That said, I feel like I have had enough time to deduce the accuracy of such a certain statement.

Humanity provides the gift of its own attainment and destruction unto itself.

I feel my mind beginning to go. It’s incredibly surprising that it has taken this long, and yet slowly I feel it, the tendrils of madness doing their best to latch upon my consciousness and drag me away. I cannot lie, it is not my strength of will or anything along those lines that allows me to retain my sanity... allows me to give you this account. It is the memory.

At the moment of my recounting these thoughts to you I have been alive for just shy of a million years. My name is actually forgotten but that which I was involved in has not been, for that single project shaped the world into the twisted mess of decay it now is. It might have taken some time, but humanity eventually reached that point. Even if they didn’t, it wouldn’t have mattered to me. My involvement was enough.

For every one, sixteen.

I remember, somehow, being young. I ran through the fields of wheat without a care in the world, I didn’t begin to resent my Father until I was a little older, I withdrew into academia... I was involved in what would eventually end the world.

I feel my penance is justified. I will always be remembered, because I was involved in that which led to the barren landscape and the attempt at humanity I now bear witness to. It’s justified because I was involved. It’s justified because if I hadn’t have turned into the man I became, perhaps the chain of events that lead to all of this might never have happened.

I accept my penance, nonetheless. It’s only fair that you have a hand in the deaths of one hundred and twenty nine thousand people and receive punishment.

For every one, sixteen.


_____________
This is my first attempt at publicly responding to a prompt.

Hope you enjoyed this, if you have anything to say about it then I'd really appreciate the input.
