For the briefest of moments the world was one. People put down everything they were doing, those asleep woke to hear the message, everyone just stared into the void of space from whence the voice came, and then all hell broke loose.

Immediately countries spun up their militaries putting the world in a state of tension not seen since the end of the cold war. World leaders beamed their faces and voices on every available media platform trying to calm the panic stricken masses, all the while secretly instructing their cabinets and advisors to find a way to get this "Bob" person on their side. But there was no amount of calming the mob that had already taken hold of people's hearts and minds. Panicked people wary of the new management as it were ransacked stores. Rioting was rampant. Religious groups persecuted non-believers en-masse blaming them for God's abandonment. Dooms-dayers offed themselves around the globe. World financial markets fell to ruins. The world was ablaze with fear and panic. People upon interacting with God for the first time had lost their humanity.

The transition lasted for only seven days but the world had almost reached the point of no return when Bob finally spoke. He was a soft-spoken deity who had a soothing voice that carried a level of firmness that was both reassuring and pleasant. He took the time to assure us that things would be much the same as they had been before, but that he would be more of an interactive God than his predecessor. Now while granted the powers of Earth's new manager he did have to explain some things. First was that who we had spent a millennia calling the "God" was actually just a God named Doug Frobersher who had in fact only been our current God since the end of the Dark Ages. There had been a falling out between the previous God and management and as a result we were unsupervised for a few hundred years or so before Doug could be found to step in. Bob went on to explain that he like our previous Gods was just another cog in the engine of interplanetary space management, that they were responsible for keeping things on schedule, maintaining and restructuring universes whenever necessary. He was new to the sentient-being-inhabited universe division which came with a decent pay raise and the God/deity level title, which was a plus in his book, but being so new to the job he didn't have all the skills quite necessary for interaction with all people at an individual level at the same time, something most Gods develop after a hundred years or so. He decided then in his wisdom to implement a web based system by which we could interact with God through email and chat, somewhat similar to the movie Bruce Almighty. He further decided that he would be a lot more open about what he was doing and what people wanted from God and how he would respond to those people. To achieve this once a week he would select several messages at random and read through any with merit in his most God-like voice audible to people all over the world.

And that's how it came to be that on a spring Sunday at 12:00P.M. UTC Bob read his first official question as God to the people of Earth, it read: 

"Dear Bob,

I asked the previous God for answers. None came.

I've asked people all over the world for answers. None have come.

I've prayed and bargained and pleaded and wished for a single answer from whoever or wherever an answer might come. Not one came.

So I ask you, the new God, the supreme deity responsible for the people, the planet, and this universe, 
Could you please answer me this:

Why did Cracker Barrel fire my wife?

Thanks,

Brad from Indiana.