The sound of dust grit beneath his bare feet, the red sun baked his skin. The wind slapped sand mercilessly against his exposed back. *Horse shit,* Malcolm thought, *All of it.*

“This is suicidal. Seriously just about the dumbest thing we’ve ever done,” Drake said. The little blue dragon coiled loosely around his forearm. He was too large to be a wrist-drake, too small to be a long-shoulder.
 
Malcolm spat. He went to adjust his hat, only to remember that *it too* had been stolen from him. “Alright.” 

“We’re outnumbered, and they’ve got Goldenwing fighting for them. She’s a fucking legend, Malcolm.”

“I bet they’re sayin much the same about you little buddy. ‘We better watch out, he’s got the *legendary* Blue-Drake with him’.”

Drake stared at him blankly. “Goldenwing is a four ton killing machine...You picked me up at a general store in Flea- Harbor for a discount price.”

“Yeah well, they don’t know that.” 

 “Mhm. And we’ve been on their heels for three days now, them on horse and us on foot. They’re going to be better rested.”

“*Us* on foot?”

The dragon rolled his eyes, “You know what I mean.”

Malcolm stopped and stood rigid. “*I’m gonna have my revenge, Drake.*”

Drake sighed, “Yeah, I know.”

~

When the sun went down Malcolm quickened his pace. Those fools probably broke down for camp soon as it got dark, allowing he and Drake to inch ever closer by the dim moonlight.

He crested a hill and froze. For the first time in three days, he could spot his prey. 

Hodges, Earwick, Mastersin, and Gorm camped out around a campfire. Almost completely encircling their camp was the massive and intimidating form of Goldenwing. 

“That sleeping beast is gonna cause major problems if she wakes up,” Malcolm whispered.

Drake chuckled. “Yeah no kidding... So what’s the plan?”

Malcolm scratched his chin absently. “We wait till that whiskey they’re passing around knocks em out. Then I’m gonna go my stuff back and...”

“Your STUFF,” Drake hissed incredulously. 

“That’s what I said, ain’t it?”

Two hours later the little band of thieving pigs had all gone out like lamps in a summer storm. Malcolm watched them in utter silence, rarely remembering to blink. They were so close his mouth almost watered. 

They were too cocky to set a watch. *Fools.*

Malcolm tiptoed over to their camp, knife in hand. *First my boots...*

He found them on Mastersin’s feet. *Damn bastard, them boots better not be ripe with your stink.*

Kneeling, Malcolm drew the knife across his hand and marked his own forehead in the shape of a crescent moon. “Mor’duhm dai Dim,” he whispered. It wouldn’t be enough for these men to simply die at his hand, he wanted to send them straight to *Hell.*

With the Hell Chant spoken, he crept over to Mastersin’s sleeping form. Malcolm placed a hand over the man’s mouth. Before the clown had time to open his eyes, Malcolm sunk his blade deep into Mastersin’s brain. 

He shuffled back and quietly slipped his boots off the dead man’s feet. *These are mine,* he thought. 

*Now my...*

He found his hat resting over Gorm’s ugly face. Malcolm crept over, silent as death. He reached his hand slowly toward the hat and grabbed it.

*Easy....Eassssy.*

Gorm’s eyes shot open and he jumped to his feet instinctively. The sudden rise caused Malcolm to stumble backward, right into...

Malcolm’s fall was broken by what felt like a brick wall. He turned and found himself looking into the huge, murderous, eyes of Goldenwing. 

The legendary dragon opened jaws large enough to consume him in a single bite. But before the beast could react came the call of a soft whistle and a sudden wall of blue flame. *Good shootin, Drake,* Malcolm thought. 

He remembered his other foe and spun around almost a second too late to block the hatchet that had intended to be planted in his skull. 

“DRAKE,” Malcolm shouted, and faster than light could spit the blue dragon was coiled around his free hand and aimed at Gorm’s nose. 

*BOOM!*

A flash of blue light obliterated Gorm’s head. 

“You *had* to go for your hat, huh,” Drake said.

“Oh shut up and fight.”

By then Goldenwing had recollected her awareness and screamed her ear piercing cry. 

Malcolm found himself caught in a triangle: Earwick, Goldenwing, and Hodges at the point. 

“I don’t know how the fuck you still alive, boy,” Hodges said, “But you ‘bout to be real dead.”

“Better men than you have tried. In fact, you was a better man yourself last time you gave it a go.” 

An eternity passed where all waited for another to make the first move. 

With the unspoken signal that can only be passed between the oldest of comrades, Malcolm and Drake spit apart. 

Drake shot toward Earwick in a blinding bolt, but Malcolm had no time to watch. He sput and shoved his knife into Goldenwing’s glittering eye. To his immediate horror, the knife cracked. Goldenwing was unharmed, but the move had startled her enough to buy Malcolm time to roll under the dragon’s blast of flame.

In a fluid motion, he swung under Goldenwing’s jaws and around her neck. “DRAKE!” The dragon wrapped around his outstretched arm.

*BOOM!*

The blast sent Malcolm and Drake flying off of Goldenwing’s back and crashing hard to the ground. He jumped up and spat out blood, knowing his ribs were cracked. 

He stared defiantly into Goldenwing’s pained eye. She took a step toward him, and then she fell. 

“So dies a legendary dragon,” Drake said, “I’m sorry it had to be this way.” 

Malcolm turned to Hodges. He knew he had the crazed look of a madman. Wild eyes and blood all over him. “Looks like it’s just you and me.” 

Hodges took a step back. “You fucking bastard,” he said, “If it ain’t me, the law *will* put you down someday.” 

Malcolm laughed. He charged, easily dodging the flash of fire sent forth from Hodges’ red wrist-drake. 

Hodges steadied his arm to fire another blast, but before he could Drake snatched his red cousin off the man’s wrist and sent it to its grave. 

A moment later Malcolm crashed into the larger man, sending all the wind out from him instantly. Malcolm snarled as he scrabbled on top the burly fool’s chest. He raised a fist, and Hodges spit in his eye. 

Malcolm punctuated each word with a heavy fist to Hodges’ face. 

“GIVE.”
*Smash*
“ME.”
*Smash*
“BACK.”
*Smash*
“MY.”
*SMASH*
“PIPE!”
*SQUISH*

-

Thanks for reading!
If you liked this, check out more of my stuff at r/CharlestonChews 