Sixteen-year-old Theodore Cruz slouched in the cheap plastic booth, sucking the last dregs of his soda with obnoxious zeal and using a ketchup packet to paint a frowny-face on the table.  In preparation for this interview, he’d donned his “Sperm Donor” T-shirt and smeared a tablespoon of lard into his hair.  The look he was going for, despite his parents’ entreaties to get a job, was “unhireable,” and  he was *nailing* it.

“Hi, you must be Theodore.  I’m Sharona, the manager.”   A moderately-attractive woman in her mid-twenties had appeared, carrying a clipboard and wearing a bright smile.

He popped his gum at her and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.  “Hi, baby.  Nice jugs.  They real?”

“Why, yes they are, thanks for asking.”  Her smile didn’t slip a fraction.  She slid into the seat across from him, careful to place her paperwork away from his ketchup puddle.

“So, why do you want to work for the Sandwich Duke?  You left that question blank, along with most of the other questions.”

“I dunno.  Guess I’d like to steal food when no one’s watching.”  He pulled out his gum, examined it, and stuck it under the table.

“Ah, an opportunist.  You’ll be happy to know that the camera beside the back fryer is broken, so you’ll be able to help yourself.  Within reason, of course.”  She made a tiny note on her clipboard.

“This question’s just for fun, to help me get to know you better: if you were a food, what would you be and why?”

“Dog.  Chinks eat dogs, so why can’t we?  I think it’d be cool to eat something that would make all those sissy animal lovers lose their shit.”

Sharona fiddled with the silver cat pin on her lapel and frowned, her composure cracking slightly for the first time.  “Yes, well, alright…I like a man who can think outside the box.  Last question: what would you say your greatest strength is?”

He yawned.  “I’m really good at finding ways around the school firewall to stream porn in class.  I sell my secrets to the other losers for beer money.  Even though they’re totally loaded, my parents are real tightwads.”

“I see.  It sounds like you’re a real entrepreneur.  Good thing you’ll be drawing a real paycheck soon.  Welcome aboard!”  She stuck out a hand to shake, once more grinning broadly at him.

He gaped at her speechlessly, resembling a wide-mouth bass that has swallowed a hook.  He was so stunned that he forgot to be rude as he accepted his new uniform and tentative schedule.  Sharona watched the little asshat go, already calculating ways to maximize his misery for the three months she had him until school started again.  She thought that scraping all of the gum out from under the tables would be a good place to start.  Maybe the little toerag would quit – if he did, it wasn’t her fault.

She watched the kid climb into his dad’s brand-new sports car and marveled to herself at the peculiar behavior of the very rich.  Who else would have paid her five grand to hire their stupid kid?  For that kind of money, she would put up with a lot of bullshit for twenty hours a week.  Maybe they'd even do it again next summer.