In a rage, Will threw the old teddy bear he found while looking through the things in his flat.

He shouted "The Fucking Devil!".

The old teddy bear he got from his mom before she died stood up and said "Alright, you got me! You got me."

&#x200B;

Will was confused for a few seconds, but catching himself shortly after.

Must have been the drugs, he thought.

"Yeah, yeah.. that I did, I guess.", he said, taking another hit.

He'd not been cut too deeply by the breakup, he knew it wasn't going to last.

But it hurt more than he wanted to admit to himself.

&#x200B;

"What? No panic, not even some shrieks?", the Devil-Teddy questioned, disappointment written on his face,

"You might wanna reconsider that. I'm real. Don't you know that? Maybe you do, maybe you're a Satani--".

"That'd be Luciferianism. There's a difference, you know?", Will interjected.

Visibly angered, the Devil said "I know that! Haven't talked in over a decade, it's hard! I.. Give me that!".

He ran towards Will, as fast as his tiny woven-legs would carry him.

Will, being just barely aware enough to notice, preemptively held up his joint high,

"That's mine. I'm not sharing."

While the small Teddy bear certainly tried to reach the joint, it was futile.

&#x200B;

"Do you not want to know more about me? We both know your imagination is quite limited.

It's not the first time you smoked, we both know that.", said the Teddy,

"Don't you think it's a bit of a stretch you could make something like this up?"

That was right. The devil was right.

Will never had much of imagination this way, or really not much any other way.

&#x200B;

A silence, lasting moment after moment. Will was thinking. A lot.

Clearly lacking the patience to wait for Will to speak up, the Devil elaborated his presence:

"So. Since you don't care to ask, I'll just tell you.

Skipping the part about heaven and hell not really existing but rather being the same,

I - the Devil, of course, also being quite different - ventured once again to the overworld.

Usually I just observe, traveling person to person, sometimes I observe them for mere minutes.

But you? You were different. You have so much pain, been hurt so much, suffering every day.

You're only 23! You suffered enough for dozens of people.

Looking back, we looked up your statistics on the system.

You tried to take your own life many times. Every time, the system thought you'd do it.

You never did. Why? Why do you still wake up every day?

Why are you still nice to everyone, even though countless people abused the niceness of yours?!",

the devil said with a mixture of happiness, sadness and anger.

&#x200B;

"Because if I would've died, my story would be done.

No happy ending, no real ending at all, really. Just.. a cut.

Like someone ripped out the remaing pages. I don't need that.

Doesn't really matter how bad the story is, as long as it has a good ending.

Plus, I'd rather have a book than a light novel.

Probably sells better?", Will said, finishing his joint with a lack of expression.

&#x200B;

"How can you be so naive? You could suffer even more. You're probably going to!", the Teddy yelled.

"I guess I'm naive. I'm sure I'll suffer plenty more.

Just hope that some day it'll all be worth it.", Will said quietly.

&#x200B;

Both stared at each other. Tears were held back until they weren't.

&#x200B;

*Knock knock*

"You should get that.", said the Devil.

Will wiped his tears, got up and opened the door.

&#x200B;

On the other side of the door was a young woman, roughly the age of Will.

"Hey! I just moved in to 5B, so we're gonna be neighbours! I'm Ashley, but you can call me Ash.

I baked some brownies, do you want some? Oh, uhm, sorry, what's your name? I'm a little nervous."

Will looked around for the Devil, but all he found was a teddy bear with wet areas around his eyes.

&#x200B;

(Edit: Formatting. Markdown newlines are weird.)