“Come on, guys, sing!” said Grampy, looking around the room energetically. “Happy…” He trailed off, expecting his family to pick up the tune.

Jed wearily rubbed his face in his hands. “Grampy, can I talk to you in private?”

Servos whooshing as he twisted his head, Grampy stared at Jed intensely. “Why, of course, Junior. Right after we sing Happy Birthday.” He turned to the rest of the family. “Ready?”

Reddin, Jed’s five-year-old son, raised a stubby hand. “Grampy? What’s a Happy Birthday?”

Grampy leaned forward and plucked Reddin off of the ground with a single hand, placing him on his lap. “Well, you see, back when I was your age, the day you were born was called your ‘birthday.’ Every year on that day, you and your family would sing songs, give each other presents, eat cake…”

“But we don’t do that anymore, do we, Grampy?” said Jed. He stood up from the floor and walked over to the basement stairs. “Over here. Now.”

Reluctantly, Grampy got to his feet, prosthetic legs whirring as they adjusted to his center of balance.

Reddin sat in Grampy’s big armchair, swinging his legs back and forth. “Can I have a birthday, Dad?”

“We’ll talk about it later,” said Jed, closing the door. He led Grampy down into the basement.

“Now, what’s all this?” asked Grampy, eyes glowing gently in the dim light.

Jed sighed. He placed a hand on Grampy’s cold, lifeless shoulder. “Listen. It’s not that we don’t love you, or don’t want you around anymore, but…”

Grampy reeled back, pressing against the wall. “What are you saying, Junior?”

“We can’t keep interrupting our lives to humor you anymore,” said Jed, wringing his hands. “Maybe it’s time for you to…say your goodbyes.”

Grampy whipped forward, slapping Jed across the face. “How dare you? Let me tell you, back in my day kids showed respect to their elders.”

Jed rubbed his face tenderly. “I mean, your wife and kids all passed on centuries ago. Don’t you ever miss them?”

Grampy pondered this for a few moments. “Not for the last few hundred years.”

Jed sighed, descending a few more steps. “Listen, Grampy. You don’t have a job, you can’t pay rent, and you constantly beg for our attention. Just last week I had to cancel a meeting to supervise your new implant.”

“Oh! That reminds me.” A small door popped open on Grampy’s chest. He reached in and grabbed a steaming plastic dish. “Pot pie?” he offered.

“There are so many ways people can do this nowadays,” continued Jed. “You could have a VR-assisted death if you want. Something short and painless.”

 “How can you even say this?” cried Grampy indignantly. “I was there when you were born! I watched you take your first steps!”

“I know,” said Jed gruffly, “You’re in all of my baby pictures.” He flicked on the lights, illuminating a cushy family room. “You’ve intruded in my parents’ lives, you’ve intruded in my life, but I won’t let you intrude into the kids’ lives. It’s time.”

Grampy’s shoulders sank. He trudged over to the center of the room and picked up the VR headset.

A series of thumps were heard from the stairwell. Reddin and his sister Ranna launched themselves into the basement.

“Grampy! Grampy!” shrieked Reddin. “Grandma taught us the words to ‘Happy Birthday!’ Come sing with us!”

Grampy held the headset under one arm. “Well, I would, son,” he said gravely, “but your dad just told me to kill myself.”

Ranna’s hands flew to cover her mouth. The kids stared at Jed, tears beginning to well in their eyes.

“No, I—“ Jed looked back at Grampy. “He’s just kidding. Grampy, why don’t you head on upstairs?”

Grampy flashed a grin, light bouncing off his chrome teeth. Bending down to the kids’ level, he said, “Race you to the top!”

The kids took off, stumbling back up the stairs as fast as they could. Throwing Jed a knowing wink, Grampy activated the boosters in his legs and charged back up the stairs.

---

Check out /r/FlyingNarwhal. It's sweeter than birthday cake! Well, sweeter than the birthday cake from this story's universe, anyway. They ran out of wheat a couple hundred years ago and now can only use ground-up limestone.