"Interviewer Hut Bizus of Subprime C-2457
Interview 21, Closure request of GHK-6789077"

"Grull Daru of Subprime C-2411
Chief Linguist and Weapons Officer on the Geatherer G788899 Crew. 34:90 Stellar C-2411"

"Grull can you start with a mission explanation? For the record of course."

Certainly.. i.. i was one of the very select group chosen by the Subprime Assembly, to visit new worlds. 
As it was the 250th year loop of the Assembly. Gathering lottery selected younglings to join the scientists and ambassadors and linguists. 

We had 4 planets to visit this trip. The mission was to scout the planet, discover if the lifeforms on the planet were friendly and potentially introduce ourselves. Then I as an ambassador would lay the ground work for peace among the new planet and the Subprime. The scientists would share technology and bridge the gap of friendship with the world. And the younglings would be raised as members of the new planet and then we would take younglings of their planet to one of the Subprime planets to be raised. The way it has been done for exons. 

"Thank you Grull, now if you could describe.. or explain the failure of communication and why everyone on board the Gatherer, has recommended we close off an entire section of galaxy?" 

I mean you've seen the footage Hut, you saw the madness of that place..?

"I know Grull, but if this has a chance of going through the Assembly process and keeping the outer limit safe, we need documentation. You know what the Lower Subcommittee is like when it comes to closure initiatives."

Alright.. 

I was the Linguist assigned to the planet GHK-6789077
Water based planet, Subprime had last inspected it in the 23B's. It had been rated 4 of 10 and they estimated sentience sometime in the 65B's. 
Apparently however the planet had taken an asteroid strike sometime in the 33B's. The entire population had been wiped out and somehow another completely different species had developed and taken over. 

"In only 40B's?" 

Yes, in only 40B's. 

"Go on, describe these creatures."

They call themselves Humans, Able to have multiple offspring at a time but normally only single individual, through Mammalian delivery.
Average size was dependent on diet and lifestyle. But stayed near constant in those ranges. 3-6 on a parlem scale. 
Diet consisted of vegetation and other species of the planet. Agressive and violent not only towards other species on the planet but also their own. Not that we hadn't seen that before in the Klipna Galaxy. 
Normally that means stasis on the youngling stop off however, and a Middle Subcommittee investigation. But it wasn't the reason we called for the closure initiative. 

"Alright, why the request from your standpoint?" 

Yes, so we had scanned the planet completely and found traces of an unknown substance. The Humans refer to it as uranium. Highly poisonous to them and many species in the Subprime. This lead me to scan the infected areas more closely and I determined they had used this uranium as a weapon. 

"Surely it cant be that bad?" 

I was able to determine they had split atoms using this uranium.

"Oh my.. that is concerning. For any reason?"

Honestly.. it looked as if they had used them all over the planet. The weaponized version at least. Why they would split the atom, I dknt understand myself. 2300 species and 4300 subspecies in the Assembly and none have ever split the atom. It just isn't logical in any way. They had the ability to harness it for energy and from there build photon arrays and solar inhibitors. They wouldn't of needed much help scientifically from us had they taken that path.. yet they chose instead to split the Atom to destroy huge portions of land. Over and over and over. Trying to increase the size of each split with each test. Some of them would be considered planet killers.

"Alright.. well that alone is enough. Anything else you observed on that level?"

They also had weapons of unknown design to us. Seemingly slinging pieces of metal at high speeds from hand held devices. Meaning any shielding the landing crew or the ships had would have been rendered useless. 

"They had no phasers? Or photon weaponry?"

None that we saw, they were in conflict in a small area near their equator. That is where we recorded first hand the damage their hand weapons can do, but also their ferocity. 

We discovered a another issue then, a third weapon type. Larger metal slung from large devices that exploded in fire as they made contact. Similar to a photon blast yet far less controlled and very dirty in appearance. 

"So weaponry we cant handle and agression even towards themselves. I'm starting to understand the call for a closure. Anything else you would like to note?" 

Only that I believe much can be learned from this species, given the right observation point I'd like to petition the Middle Committee for permission to study them further.

"I will note that in the file.. Thank you for your time Mr. Daru."

-----

Haven't done one of these in a while. I might add on to it? Might not? Hope you guys like it.