 A few days ago, Death agreed to meet with me- to talk it out, so to speak. Death is a creature of few words, but *man* does he hold a grudge.   
 He ordered a tall moka latte, sipped on it; the foam disappearing behind that dark precious robe of his only I could see.  
 “What is it you want to talk about, David?” he asked.  
 I resisted the urge to throw my drink at him.  
 “Die. I want to die. “ I said.   
 Behind me a sweet blonde barista was humming ‘Die young’ by Ke$ha; Death was bobbing his head keeping up with the rhythm. I knew he was making her sing it, and tried very hard to ignore it.  
 When she finally walked off Death looked at me.  
 “Got it. Same as seventy years ago. Same as the last few hundred times we met actually. You’re so predictable, David. Are you saying you’ve had enough, that you’ve experienced *everything* life has to offer?”   
 Incredibly, he sounded disappointed. He was right, we had been through this many times. Can’t say I didn’t have some fun along the way, but now it truly was time for me to drop dead.  
 I followed him outside, the sun blinding me.  
 “Will you let me die?” I asked, my voice hopeful.  
 “You’re sure you’ve learned your lesson?” Death asked like a belligerent teacher.  
 I nodded excitedly. I had dreamt of this day for a thousand years!  
 Death sighed, took a few steps backwards and waved his skeletal hands in the air.  
 A few seconds later he was done and I felt a hundred pounds lighter.  
 I cried and laughed and praised the deities I didn’t believe in.  
 “Thank you!” I cried, “Thank you so much, Death!”   
 He raised his hand, gesturing for me to stop thanking him.  
 “May I hug you?” I asked, beside myself with euphoria.  
 He agreed, chuckled even “I don’t see why not, David”  
 We both laughed as we embraced. I don’t know, maybe I had become his friend and he would miss me after all.  
 This all stopped abruptly however when we heard a crunching sound mid hug.  
 In slow motion our eyes wandered to our feet. My feet.  
 “You have got to be kidding me, David!”   
 Death pushed me off him, off his foot I had just stepped on.  
 I stammered, but no usable words came out, just half- assed apologies.  
 “That’s suede, David! For fucks sake.” He turned around, started walking back and forth, hot steaming ash and fire shooting out of him.   
 “Idiot!” Death shouted at me, a shell of a man reduced to tears.  
 “I’m sorry!” I cried out, snot and tears mixing on my face.  
 He turned around to look at me as I kneeled on the ground in front of him.  
 “See you in a thousand years, asshole”.  
 And *poof,* he was gone.  
 After a few minutes I got a hold of myself. Gosh, I guess I’ll be stuck here for a while. There’s a strip club around the corner I see myself getting drunk at for the next decade. What are you gonna do?  Live and learn ;)  