I do what I do best, I have done so since the beginning of time itself. You see when light came to the void so did the dark and in between those two, twilight.

I was born within that twilight and my first thought was the very same question we all ask ourselves. Why?

I eventually found my purpose. You see every so often the light gave off a small teeny tiny particle. Not bigger than a grain of sand to you. Most of these particles wandered aimlessly through the twilight.  I observed them for a while when one of the particles caught my attention, it had stopped moving. It seemed alone and I reached for it, for I too felt alone. The light pulsed and as I guided it towards the dark, it exploded in a beauty of colour. For a short moment, I felt everything that light felt and I truly existed, I lived.

My task became simple but wonderful, I guided these lights. I wrote a symphony of colours and beauty and light and dark.

And as I wrote these, the lights and I took shape. My twillight realm became tangible and I became the ferryman, the lights became humans and animals and life itself. 

I meet all of life that has been and all of life that will be, but never the same twice. The lights how similar they looked, were still unique and every light wrote it's own symphony. 

However there was one type of light that constantly caught my attention. This light came back, the same colour everytime, so very pure.

First I hardly noticed it, wrote it up to my imagination, but the second time I was sure of it. The third time amazed me, who or what was this light, I had to see for myself.

The fourth time I halted the light and set us apart in a more intimate surrounding.

"Do you know who I am?" I asked the small light.

"Yes" it replied, "We have met before."

"Then you know that you are an exception to the unwritten laws? An anomaly?"

"Yes, I do."

"Why do you return, when nothing ever does?" 

"I'll show you" it said in the faintest whisper.

The light pulsated and I reached out.

"Do you understand?" It asked.

"Yes" I replied: "You have to return." 

I held the small light in my hand and guided her towards the dark, knowing she will return, time and time again.

I whispered to her: "While I did enjoy our conversation, life needs you a lot more than I do. I look forward to our next meeting, Hope."

And with that I let her go and enjoyed the most beautiful symphony of colours I have ever seen.
