I suppressed a smirk as Gordon's eyes widened.  The steak I had just put in front of him was the most foul trash ever to come out of my kitchen.  The steak was overcooked; how not when it was already cooked when I pulled it out of the freezer.  The second cooking had been uneven; how not when I hadn't flipped it even once in the entire cooking process.

He stared at it for a long tense moment.  My dear love, his daughter Anna, looked at me in horror.  Why had I done this?

After a torturous moment, Gordon picked up his fork and knife and attempted to cut a morsel free.  It took so long.  He kept looking at her.  She kept looking nervously at him and then at me.  It was exquisite.   As he chewed on the chunk of what was fairly close to leather, he looked at me with a hate in his eyes like the heat of a blast furnace.

"Look at him, babe," I said, "It's so good he's tearing up."

His eyes widened and for a moment I thought he was going to grit his teeth and let it pass but when he saw the look on my face he exploded.  "Good?  Good?!  This is the single worst thing I have ever eaten.  I once was pranked by a boy at school who put a cat turd in my sandwich.  I wish I still had that sandwich now so I could get this taste out of my mouth.  It'd at least not be so dry."

I glanced over at Anna.  She was watching in horror as her father laid into me about everything he could think of.  As his tyrade began to lose steam my attention went back to him.  When he slowed down enough for me to respond, I pounced.  "Aw, come on, Gord.  Anna said my cooking was great.  She said my putanesca was better than yours even."

There was a moment of silence as he gave me a look that said he wanted to fire his bowels out of his eyes and into my mouth.  I leaned in in that moment and whispered to him, "Keep going.  The more you hate me, the wetter she gets."

He pulled a hand back to punch me but stopped as realisation set in.  He lowered the hand and stared at me.  There was a long moment of consideration and then he leaned in to whisper to me, "I know."

---------------------

Interpret as you like.  Just wrote it for the fun exchange.