I was born in 2050 to a loving mother and father who were so excited that they were able to have a child in a world where pregnancies have become increasingly rare.  When I was a child I remember how special I was to everyone around me.  People always gave me attention because seeing a young person was just not common, so I was always a novelty of sorts.  

Birth rates had been declining for decades and no one seemed to know all the reasons.  Scientists theorized it was perhaps male sperm count declining, fewer marriages, how expensive healthcare had become,  related to genes interacting with certain pollution, genetic damage from the sun's radiation, or the fact that global warming had displaced millions causing an epic failure to thrive across the globe for decades.   The list went on and on really and perhaps it was never just one thing.  It seemed that the human race had reached a point where it just was not able to produce enough youth.

Everyone had their own explanations but once this decline started the pyramid schemes of capitalism like pensions, retirements, and stock markets could no longer be sustained.  Without another huge generation of consumers, the markets began to falter.  There was no longer a sucker born every minute and that had huge repercussions for the few predatory businesses that survived the great market crash of 2030.  

The elderly attempted to return to the workforce in droves in a fleeting move of desperation to stimulate the economy and save their homes, but the way automation had headed meant the jobs just weren't there.  Every day thousands of elders would roam around the cities looking desperately for work.  

Their numbers began increasing alarmingly and because most had lost their homes by this point they had nowhere to go.  The city streets were chocked full of homeless elders who roamed from area to area based on the rumor of jobs or any possible side-work no matter how small it might be.   Simple jobs like mowing a lawn on Sunday would get a hundred thousand applicants with elders fighting almost to the death for an opportunity such as this.  

Without jobs or homes, this population became increasingly disheveled.  As months stretched to years without medical care, with their dentures broken or lost, and their clothes worn out to the point of falling off, they started to look like the walking undead.  Moaning and groaning as they endlessly searched for work or a place to stay the night the few children that were still on the planet began to fear going outdoors.    

When I was eight years old I mistakenly wandered outside and I was seen by a large group of grandmothers.  They quickly surrounded me with shouts of how much I looked like their child long ago.  What started as a few pinches on the cheek quickly turned to tearing at my flesh as they begged me if there was some work they could do for my family.  My father had to beat them back with one of their walkers and managed to break me free from their relentless attack.

Scientists had predicted that the majority of our aging population would suffer from Alzheimer's with a 3 fold increase by the year 2050.  We were warned but yet we did not head the call.  By my eighteenth birthday, the roaving hordes of seniors had lost their minds to dementia.  It was no longer safe to go outside.  

Even though they were weak with some of them literally dragging themselves after their knee-replacements had failed they had the numbers.  It didn't matter how many you fought off because more of them were coming.  The first time I saw someone gummed to death was the most horrific thing I had ever witnessed.  It was my cousin who always felt sorry for them and even tried to feed some from time to time.  One day he got surrounded and the elders, out of their mind, only knew his face meant food.  I still wake up in cold sweats screaming in the middle of the night traumatized by what I saw.

I am 30 years old now but there is no hope left anymore.  The mindless mobs continue to overpower us.  Our birthrates are now almost non-existent but who would want to raise a child in this world anyway.  We can't escape and one day soon we will all be elders ourself.