The Ultimate Showdown. (Of ultimate destiny)

Godzilla was hoppin' around in Tokyo city like it was a big playground.
But suddenly Batman burst from the shade and hit Godzilla with a bat grenade, Godzilla got pissed and began to attack . But didn't expect to be blocked by Shaq, who proceeded to open up a can of Shaq-fu - when Aaron Carter came out of the blue.
He started beating up Shaquille 'o' Neal, then they both got flattened by the batmobile.
But before it could make it back to the batcave
Abraham Lincoln popped out of his grave
And took an AK-47 out from under his hat
And blew Batman away with a ratatattat
But he ran out of bullets and he ran away
Because Optimus Prime came to save the day.

Godzilla took a bite out of Optimus Prime, like Scruff McGruff took a bite out crime. Then Shaq came back covered in a tire track , but Jackie Chan jumped out and landed on his back. And Batman was injured and trying to get steady, when Abraham Lincoln came back with a machete. But suddenly something caught his leg and he tripped - Indiana Jones took him out with his whip, then he saw Godzilla sneaking up from behind, And he reached for his gun which he just couldn't find
Cause Batman stole it and he shot and he missed and Jackie Chan deflected it with his fist then he jumped in the air and he did a somersault. While Abraham Lincoln tried to polevault onto Optimus Prime, but they collided in they air. Then they both got hit by a carebear stare.

Angels sang out in immaculate chorus.
Down from the heavens descended Chuck Norris.
Who delivered a kick, which could shatter bones.
Into the crotch
of Indiana Jone
Who fell over on the ground ,writhing in pain,
As Batman changed back, into Bruce Wayne,
But Chuck saw through, his clever disguise,
And he crushed Batman's head, in between his thighs.
Then Gandalf the gray, and Gandalf the white
And Monty Python and the Holy Grail's black knight
And Benito Mussolini, and the Blue Meanie
And Cowboy Curtis, and Jambie the genie
Robocop, The Terminator, Captain Kirk, and Darth Vader
Lo-pan, Superman, every single Power Ranger
Bill S. Preston, and Theodore Logan
Spock, The Rock, Doc Oct, and Hulk Hogan
All came out of nowhere lightning fast
And they kicked Chuck Norris in his cowboy ass
It was the bloodiest battle that the world ever saw
With civilians looking on in total awe
The fight raged on for a century
Many lives were claimed but eventually
The champion stood, the rest saw their better.
Mr. Rogers in a blood-stained sweater.
