"So I says to death, I says, 'Death, Don't you think it's about time? I'm takin quite a beatin down here. I've been out 'ere beggin for spare change for the last fifteen years. I've got a foot fungus that is outta control. I got Hep C. I've had ten staph infections in the last two years. I got at the very least skin cancer, and at the worst some type of viral infection that could spread and kill the entire human race. My eyelid won't stop twitching and I'm on to my last tree surviving teeth.'

I smiled at him to show em the teeth. Then he grew, I swear ta god, like a whole two feet or somethin'. It was terrifyin', he was just towering over me. Then he says to me, he says 'Death is not influenced by the desires of man. It takes only those who are wanted somewhere else.'

So I level wit em ya know? I says, 'I gotta be honest, I'm ready, but like, I'm still really scared.' and he says 'Death is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss'

So I gotta ask em then, 'Ok then, What's the scythe for?'

Then outta freakin nowhere this dude come rounding the corner of 23rd and 3rd. He's gotta purse tucked under his arm like he's freakin Barry Sanders. He's got a dude in a tie with the sleeves rolled up chasing after him and this lady I see sometimes smokin butts outside D'mizzios behind him. They're hollaring for him to stop. Then with one swoop. Death halves this guy with his scythe. It was the most gruesome thing I  ever saw. Blood sprayed all over the side of a bus, guts splatted onto the ground right in front of me and blood, I mean like an unbelievable amount of blood, just flowing. I felt like I needed a raft or somethin' ya know? Everyone is just freakin out. The loudest screams you ever heard coming from every direction. Then Death turns to me and he says, he says ' The people who resist.' and he just floats away. He leaves me there! Can you believe that? I mean what's a guy gotta do? Is there some sort of guest list? Do I need to RSVP? It's ridiculous!"

I just looked at Vinny and nodded. It was too cold to do anything else. Plus, Death would come back for him about a week later when he was looking at his $100,000 winning lottery ticket.