***
This is a true DnD story thats super messed up, just a heads up
***

There once was a man named the Lorax, who traveled all across the land looking for an adventure. He came across a group of people who needed a strong man. He humbly accepted the role and aided them throughout the journey only having small psychotic episodes. It wasn't until one other party member got injured and they needed medical supplies, thats when the Lorax's true colors shined. He proceeded to enter a local hospital and at his first sight he saw 20 plus people all laying on the floor, rapped in bandages left to die. Two doctors rushing from patient to patient doing the best the could with the little they had. So the Lorax asked them kindly if they had any medical supply to spare. As one of the doctors was working on a pregnate patient who was sick, turn to him with a look of dispair.

"Sadly sir, we have nothing to spare we are spread thin and could use help." Said the doctors sadly

The Lorax filled with determination would not be denied his medical supplies as a friend is in need! 

"So can i buy some medical supplies?"

"Wha- no I just told you we dont even have enough for anyone in here, let alone you...but if youre willing to do this quest I can pay yo-"

"So you do have supplies."

"Yes but none for yo-"

The Lorax then proceeded to ruthlessly beat the doctor to death, as the other one ran for help. Frustrated with the thought of his friend not getting medical supplies, the Lorax preceded to shout "MY TREES" as he jumped on to the other doctor and eat him alive. The patients that witnessed this tried to make a break for the door, some even crawling with what energy they had left. The Lorax just stood at the door. Killing them one by one. It took him a while and by the end of it he was hungry. So he proceeded to eat several bodies. Forgetting to get the medical supplies. He even went out of his way to write his name in blood on the wall. Then he just left. 

***
This is a true story about my friend Dylan who decided he wanted to try DnD for the first time. As the DM and a human being I was psychologically scarred by this mans ruthless behavior. Although it makes a funny story to tell. Hope you enjoyed the tale of the Lorax.