"No."

The knight blinked, unsure if he'd heard that correctly.

"B-But our kingdom-"

"Is NOT my concern." i grumbled as i coiled up.

"We would be in your debt."

"How? your kingdom is overrun, there isn't even a kingdom to protect!'

"but with the princess alive and-"

"and RAISED by a dragon. seriously do you even think? what manner of upbringing could I offer a human? "Oh just keep her around, grab her a cow and expect her to eat it despite the fact that dragons are notoriously terrible chefs" seriously did you EVEN think this through? I am a fuckmothering, firebreathing, hells spawned dragon. Power incarnate, destruction incarnate, not some waif-tending serpent!! and what would happen when she grows up? she won't learn any leadership skills! at most, she'll learn dragon magic and the ways of the dragon, which; i remind you, are ALL about blowing up your enemies and being merciless to all who dare to oppose your great and powerful will. Nothing conducive to a human's survival or leadership skills. YOU raise the waif you blithering buffoon, and let me have my sleep!!"

"if the princess dies-"

"then she'll meet the SAME fate that all the other infants caught up in your stupid war have doubtless already met. Here's a quick bit of advice...ANYONE can be a king or a queen. that blueblood nonsense is something you idiotic humans made up to justify monopolizing power and keeping it in the family. but in the end a PEASANT could do the same job better. so to summarize, you're asking me, a dragon, to look after a linebred infant under the assumption that not only will she come out with her humanity wholly intact, but that she'll save the kingdom, restore it, and then that same nation will owe me a debt? Pah! now tell me the one about the lusty lizardman baron and his dominatrix maid!!" I gave a yawn, shaking the cavern.


"No I can't say I give half a damn about-" i paused, the soldier had collapsed, though the infant was fine, it was crying.

"Human? huuuuman....HUMAN!"

Nothing. he'd died without an ounce of hope.

"Just fucking great." I grumbled. "Now i've got to deal with the crying infant! the hell am I supposed to do? I can't breastfeed a human!! i can't do anything to help the damned child and yet here I am, trapped in my cavern with a screaming babe?"

The infant cried for hours on end, and finally i decided to just give in, reaching out, i grabbed it gingerly and held it in my paw, and for a time rocked it back and forth, trying to figure out how best to deal with this.
Since the DYING human had all but muscled me into this obligation, I was sorely tempted to crush the infant out of spite and be done with this nonsense. why was i being forced into helping a crying babe? why was this my problem? the humans left me the hell alone for years and i enjoyed my quiet, now it was pierced all because some assholes invaded a kingdom and conquered it.

it was then i had a twisted, wicked idea.

If i couldn't care for a human infant...then i shouldn't..

but there was something i COULD do to help.

the way i saw it, this whole affair was due to the invading nation. So, in theory, if i burned the invading nation to the ground and declared an empire and protected the nation of gallia, the humans would serve me.

Subsequently, they would care for the child. All i had to do was wipe out this empire's standing army. that was easy, then round up the survivors, leave the babe in their care with my terms, go wipe out the invading nation and BAM! problem solved! the humans could look after the baby, I could be its "protector" and if i was smart, I could distract myself from the tedium of napping by defending the nation of gallia every so often.

for a dragon such an arrangement was perfect, people would worship me like a war god, offer me love, prayer, affection, and most importantly...gold.

mountains of it!!

my black scales shivered a bit, and so I carefully cradled the infant and tore off to the capitol, where even now the army was occupying a city...gallith i believe it was called.

I cared not a whit for the conquerors, they wore black armor, milled about with prisoners, doubtless the citizens, lined up for execution.

they weren't keeping them alive, i realized, they were replacing them with their own.

without a second thought i tucked my wings into a dive, taking tremendous care not to jostle the babe in my hand as i set about my work with a glee i'd not felt since my years as a hatchling. Gods it felt so GOOD to just wash over the black clad villains with my crimson flames!! my wings whipped up hurricanes as i came down upon the occupiers like a force of nature, destroying any and all opposition.
hundreds died, all of which were invaders, the prisoners cried out in terror, until my flames melted the chains enough to snap them.

now they were fighting back, and within the day the city was taken.

checking my precious cargo, i nodded, the infant was safe, and I looked for anyone in the guard.
a man identifying himself as "captain shinryu" approached me and thanked me "Why have you done this?" he asked.

"Because one of your soldiers annoyed me with this." i replied curtly, handing the baby over.

"apparently it's a princess. couldn't care less personally. but she kept crying, I told your soldier to piss off but then he died and left the kid...so I decided to have some revenge."

"How can we repay you?"

"Since your kingdom's inability to fend for itself led to this, then I propose an arrangement, remodel your nation into an empire with me as its ruler. the princess will become part of a royal line of subordinates and maintain their roles as kings and queens. but i will be emperor. In exchange, I will defeat invaders and crush them ruthlessly."

"I...uh....that's.....a very hefty condition."

"Not really...no." I said with a yawn. "Nothing will change, you'll just gain a largely ceremonial leader above yours...this is payment for the inconvenience YOUR soldier imposed upon me. since you humans can't fight for yourselves, then you don't deserve your own nation. So you'll have mine instead. I protect it, you keep your peace, your royal bloodline, and I get some damned peace and quiet...and a tax if you can afford it."

"W-well i....i suppose-"

"then it's settled. Point me to the homeland of your enemies and within the week they will be obliterated."

"what should we call this reborn nation?" he asked.

"The empire of the black dragon." I replied, thinking of the stupidest, most simplistic name i could make up. 
"then....y-yes very well then. it shall be so my emperor!"


I couldn't tell if he was faking or not, but when the crowds followed suit it became readily apparent that their desperation at this time was legendary, and so, without a second thought, i set off to defend my new empire and avenge my disrupted nap.

Within months the invaders and their homeland was a forgotten, scorched wasteland. In my ruthlessness I spared not a soul. Men, women, children, dogs, nothing survived my bared wrath. It would have been sooner, but the empire was apparently very far away and sending its troops across the world with magic, something i wasn't aware of when i set forth. still...in for a gold coin..in for a pound of them.

and so it was that i returned victorious, and was named "emperor kurogane" of the black dragon empire.
my cave was turned into something of a shrine and a tax was issued, i made certain the tax was extremely small to ensure no inconvenience would come of it...and soon, hundreds of years later, the hoard piled up. countless members of the princesses's lineage would come to my cave for their coronation, and sometimes i would be called upon to defend this new empire, but generally my days were peaceful, quiet, and more importantly....lonely.


Dragons love solitude, it's our calling to be alone to our thoughts and our dreams, to fly and fight is fun, but we prefer the relaxing nature of simply standing still. if we were born from stone, as the legends say, it would surely explain our sloth, for it is as important to our kind as breathing, to have it disrupted ill-suits us.

so to be alone, surrounded by gold and allowed to rest, sometimes having the odd worshiper come in and give thanks for our hard efforts every fifty years, was a substantial reward in exchange for tolerating being muscled into helping by one clever, dying knight.

but to be serious here, if i could turn back time i would almost surely burn him to a crisp, baby and all.

Nobody makes me do anything gods dammit!!