All of the screens in Times Square suddenly went black, followed by Spectrum News appearing on screen. Pat Kieran’s face was blank, dismal even. 

“Good afternoon everyone. Today uh...we have an important breaking news announcement.” Upon closer inspection, his suit seemed disheveled, his makeup and hair hurriedly prepared. He rarely ever broke his comfortable demeanor, so for him to be so distraught and distracted meant something was wrong. Horribly wrong. 

“Some of you may have noticed some...oddities by now. We’re not sure how else to say this, but scientists around the world have all reached the same conclusion.” He lifted a sheet of printer paper to read to us all. With a dejected chuckle he told us: 

“In a matter of a fraction of a second, the known universe has shrunk. Along with this, all known universes and parallels have seemingly disappeared or shrunken down to inobservable sizes. Many of the scientific laws previously set in place have slowly started to fall apart. Time is no longer linear. All microbiomes are no longer able to be seen by the human eye. Gravity, too, has been observed as ‘reversing.’ We don’t know how much longer we have in this state of existence.” 

The crowd stopped all at once to watch the man on the screen breaking out in a sweat while reading. He didn’t try to keep his composure. He was no longer a man. He was no longer anything. His voice rang out inside our heads although his mouth on screen ceased to move. 

“They continue.”

>Only one method of measurement can roughly explain our new laws. From this point on, this measurement is our law. It is our god. End of transmission.

“Everyone, we ask you to watch the screen as we play a visual telling of our new measurement system that will be in place starting yesterday. Please watch intently. Show others if they have not seen it. Good luck, and god speed.” 

The screen cut to black. The man was no longer on our screens. 

YouTube opened on the monitor. One video alone played from then on. 

The Cuil Theory. 