Opinion

**Stop Killing Hitler**

By Death Dealer, 2043 champion

*

The 2044 edition of the Comcast “Kill Adolf Hitler” competition was by most measures a rousing success. Over 50 million viewers saw last night’s final round between Goliath Hulk and StarShine, and it did not disappoint. It was a good decision by the producers to set this year's show at a more vulnerable point in Hitler’s life, right after his second rejection from the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. While StarShine’s subtle heaping of additional tragedy upon the dejected Hitler to provoke his premature suicide was undoubtedly clever, I agreed with the judges’ decision to award the victory to Goliath’s more visually exciting idea of luring Hitler to the art school with a fake acceptance, only to have a terrifying series of traps waiting to do him in. Either of them would have beaten my victory last year when I uncreatively shot Hitler in the face. I got lucky when The Dude was captured and forced to evacuate without completing the mission.

But with this year’s setting showing a softer side of the Evil Incarnate, I wondered if this is really a sport we should be engaging in. When I entered the competition last year, I didn’t think much of it. I didn’t really expect to get past the initial rounds of games to the part where we actually went back to kill Hitler, and if I did, I suppose I assumed it would be like a video game.  We know changes to the past don’t stick around, and the latest round of VR is pretty realistic. So what’s the difference?

Going back in time to kill Hitler has been a popular desire since long before time travel was actually invented, but what many of my readers may not realize is that before time travel was really understood, people thought going back in time actually changed things. I recommend searching for the old movie *Back to the Future* if you want to understand what the popular conception of time travel was like back then. It’s pretty hilarious to watch, considering all that we now know.

And of course, if we actually could prevent the brutal murder of millions of Jews and the others Hitler deemed unfit, it would be our obligation to do everything possible to see it done. It would be sufficiently important that sending in costumed contestants with hidden cameras to commit the murder for our entertainment on television would be completely irresponsible. I would hope that we would instead send in a specially trained team of SEALs or the like to ensure the job was done as quickly and competently as possible. Indeed, I believe the first few killings of Hitler were carried out by just such teams.

But the current spectacle we surround the event with is proof that we know it does no good. Even when we believed that we couldn’t change history in our own timeline, but that we created branching timelines containing the alternate events, it made sense to kill Hitler, to give the people in those other universes the opportunity to live in a timeline free of the horror that occurred in ours. But we know now that the alternate timelines we create in the past are temporary, and that they disappear as soon as the time traveler leaves or dies. Killing Hitler saves no lives, prevents no terror, teaches no lessons. But it does create *murderers*. I really did kill a person, and it hasn’t always been easy for me to deal with that knowledge. It doesn’t matter how awful the person I killed was, because I didn’t do it to prevent the awfulness of his actions. I did it to entertain a bloodthirsty crowd.

Does Hitler deserve to be killed over and over, forever? Sure he does. Kill him again for every one of his victims for all I care. But don’t broadcast it on television in a modern-day gladiatorial spectacle. We’re supposed to be past that sort of thing.