The harsh, dusty winds of the red planet whirled and whipped about the outside of the bio-dome. A sharp, constant whistling mingled with the disparate melodies of machinery, accompanied by the pitter-patter of dust and stones on the clear-steel walls. 

Men and women milled about the calm innards of the biodome. Some stood around labs and tables, gazing with statuesque intensity into microscopes and petri dishes, still as stone except for their hands, adjusting the delicate machinery with painstaking precision. Others milled about the excavations themselves, quietly brushing away at martian sand as they parted dirt from dirt, seeking any number of strange or obscure samples. Mechanized suits tromped back and forth from open-walled structure to open-walled structure, their occupants carrying boxes and canisters of all shapes and sizes. 

Todd sighed. He regretted it instantly as the dust he had spent the last hour painstakingly brushed and rubbed away scattered back across his work space. Even expressions of frustration and tedium offered no solace from the endless, unrewarding grind, he mused. He tossed his embarrassingly delicate scalpel on the ground with a deeply unsatisfying tinkle. His companion looked up in surprise.

“What’s this then?” She asked in her dry, earnestly sarcastic Liverpool accent.

“I’ve had it right up to here, Jenny! Here!”

Todd waved his hand emphatically somewhere around his forehead.

“I’m off for a coffee, do you want anything?”

Jenny lifted her right eyebrow ever so slightly.

“Yes, thanks, I’ll have a cuppa. I’ll get it myself, though, thanks.”

She placed the tiny, shimmering poker she had been fiddling with beside a dull, greyish red stone. After a moment of quiet groaning, she hoisted herself to her feet, and the two set off in the general direction of one of the little tents.

The howling outside the dome continued with dull, bastard consistency. The pair meandered down a path, marked by little lights placed in the ground at intervals. Hardly worth it, mused Todd, as the main lights in the dome never went off anyway. The exo-suits rattled down either side of the path, leaving the smooth ground for the less mechanically inclined.

The pair reached one of the tents, this one populated by several long tables. Slightly uncomfortable looking chairs sat haphazardly around each table, and the whole room glowed with the impossibly clean white sheen of every single piece of furniture in the tent. A counter sat at the far end, and on it, several small appliances hummed away. Little green and blue lights blinked on and off, ensuring everyone about that they the appliances were working quite hard, even if no one seemed to notice.

Jenny pulled up a chair beside the counter, while Todd began to root about in cupboards and drawers. 
“Tea, is it?” He muttered.

Jenny replied with the least committal of grunts. Both knew the routine too well to waste time with actual words.
Todd began to set the machines to their duty with the efficiency and skill of a man practiced in his art. He knew how to waste time making coffee and tea, and he was more than a little proud of the talent. Jenny gazed empty eyed at the painfully white structures of the dome, laid about on the dull red sand of Mars. She tapped a finger rhythmically on the back of her chair.

With a suddenness that barely penetrated the dull, practiced routine of the pair, something in the dome shifted. There was energy. Todd stopped his work and looked out at the dome. Jenny stood up stiffly. The sounds of vague interest began to filter into the tent.

“I think… I think someone’s found something, Todd.” Jenny murmured.

Todd nodded quietly. Jenny wasn’t looking at him. Her hand blindly flopped and groped around behind her, looking for his arm. It found it. It gripped it. It kind of hurt.

“Todd, I think someone’s *found* something!”

Jenny’s excitement quickly wormed its way into Todd’s brain. The whole dome’s excitement followed suit, like a tide through a tiny leak in a water tank. Other white-clad people began to move toward the center of the dome. Walking, at first. Then walking faster.

Jenny set off. The pace was a job now, and Todd wasn’t about to be left behind.

“I think someone’s *found something*, Todd!” Jenny exclaimed once more as she began to sprint toward the commotion. 

“Right.” Todd said, to himself. He ran off after Jenny, and the rest of the dome.

The kettle began to boil. Nobody cared. It insisted that it had boiled. Nobody cared. It shut itself off. It blinked.

Todd arrived a little out of breath to a scene of palpable energy. A crowd was craning to see into the excavation site. Jenny was right up at the front, as always. Todd, however, was stuck at the back. He shoved a little, but got barely more than a dismissive glance from the backs in front of him. The murmur was reaching hubbub levels. Exo-suits were being left abandoned all about as even the techs joined the crowd. Todd craned to see above the rest. He was quite tall, and on his toes managed to get a pretty decent view of the site.

Professor Carlle’s messy head of grey hair sprouted out from the front of the crowd, and after a little kerfuffle, climbed up on a box that someone had provided. He cleared his throat and began to yell. Nobody heard him over the growing roar of the crowd. He cleared his throat again and started to speak. His little voice could barely be heard. Finally, one of the techs appeared out of the background with a microphone. Techs always seem to be just out of sight with whatever tool you need, thought Todd. Remarkable people. Could do with some hair, though. The professor tapped the microphone, and the “boom-boom” quickly brought a hush to the crowd. He cleared his throat a third time, almost as if to chastise the crowd for their earlier rudeness, and began to speak:

“It seems, ladies and gentlemen, that we have uncovered something of incredible strangeness!”

The hubbub exploded again as a chorus of “Do tell!”’s and “Go on!”’s echoed around the dome. Carlle flapped his free hand at the crowd as he calmed everyone.

“I’ll cut right to the chase, people: Frank’s crew just found a Roman Empire era flag over here.”

Another explosion. Another show of emphatic hand flapping, albeit this one took quite a bit longer.
 
“How do you know!?” asked The Crowd.

“Well, we used the carbon dater. You know, the new one that does it quick like! The PCD!”

Another explosion, another show of flapping. Finally, silence. A pregnant, expectant, excited silence. Carlle’s grin nearly split his face in half.

“We’ll be doing more tests, but the PCD confirms the flag has been here for at least 500 years!”

The crowd exploded. Hats went into the air. Even Todd managed a massive grin. Hugs and cheers shook the dome like thunder. Even the endless howling of the martian wind was drowned out. Todd found himself in a constant stream of passing embraces. One of the techs, as they always do, had managed to find some alcohol. The “pop!” of champagne played into the roaring crowd, a sting of percussion at the crescendo of a wild symphony.

Todd found himself in the arms of Jenny, tears running down her usually bland, unpresumptuous face. She had a grin on. Todd had never seen that. It was beautiful. That was new. A beautiful Jenny. She hugged him a few more times, and began to chatter like a child on Christmas.

“You know what this means!? Do you know what we’ve done here!? We’re funded for *life*, Todd! *Life*! This is the biggest thing to happen to archaeology since we figured out how bricks work, Todd! Since *bricks*, Todd!”

Todd grinned back, shaken in the best of ways. They smiled at each other for a moment, before getting caught up in the stream of celebration. The dig was a success. The biggest success in the history of humanity. This was huge. Todd’s mind raced through thought after thought, until it forgot itself a little, and got swept away by the excitement of a bright new future.

*1100 AD, Mars*:

The harsh, dusty winds of the red planet whirled and whipped about the outside of the make-shift shelter. The fire burned slowly. This was an awfully strange place, all things considered. The men had gone out looking for hunting, but had come back empty handed. The red sand seemed to stretch forever. A sea of desolate stone and red Earth. Such a strange place.

As the fire dwindled, the sound of sand battering the side of the overturned ship nearly drowned out the snores of the men. They’d found nothing of value on this side of the Tree-door. Some metal in the stones, perhaps, but nothing that they couldn’t find at home. They had determined to sleep a little and, upon waking up, head back through the door and return home. Probably for the best.

The hanging cloth that covered the makeshift doorway into the little dugout whipped open, and a massive form, covered in red dust, entered. A wide grin split the great form’s face. It shook itself like a great animal, sending sand everywhere. Complaints from the men echoed about the shelter, but the massive man’s grin remained. He gazed around the gloomy interior until he found his mark.

“Erik!” the beast of a man exclaimed, “let’s leave that old Roman flag here when we leave tomorrow. Harald’s boys will be convinced there’s something here if they find that stupid old thing in the dust!”

Erik chuckled quietly, stroking his bright red beard.

“Oh ho, yes, Hekka! Do that! Those idiots wouldn’t know a good prank if it kicked them in the head!” The two men laughed, and Hekka settled his massive form in around the fire. They stared into the twisting flames in silence for a moment, until Erik smirked.

“Hekka, you know, they say in England: ‘Those Vikings have gone *everywhere*!’”


EDIT: Reformatting to fit Reddit's special snowflake formatting scheme was kind of a bitch; however, I didn't die, so I think I'll survive the ordeal. First time contributing here, hope you enjoyed!