The wind whistled through the leaves of the giant oaks that covered the small town. Their roots slowly ripping apart the pavement that had created pathways from building to building. The buildings faded, windows empty, roofs slowly collapsing from their age. Every town was the same. Devoid of creators, just parts of something that once was until it no longer could be. I had walked for as long as I could remember hoping to once again meet a human. It seemed like ages since I had someone to speak to. Unlike in life, the lack of people didn't bother me. My loneliness caused no pain, just a mystery to fill my time. However long that could be. My body hadn't aged giving any indication that time even existed. There were nights, but the season never changed. The trees always had fresh fruit growing, but I never had felt hungry enough to eat. 

My cloak flapped in the wind behind me as something in the distance caught my eye. A flicker of white. Movement. Could it be? I quickened my pace, trying to not get too excited. As I approached I noticed there was no person attached to the white. Just a shred of white cloth similar to mine. A pang of disappointment rushed through me. "Well. It means someone had to have been here at one point." I muttered to myself. I continued walking forward away from the town. Slowly climbing over limbs of trees, through brush, the grass always feeling soft and cool against my skin. "I think tonight I shall sleep." I said aloud, slowly realizing that I was simply speaking to myself. I found a small clearing devoid of plants and trees and decided that was where I would set up my camp. 

I stared at the dark sky covered in a spread of white dots twinkling. "I wonder if anyone else is doing this right now..." I whispered as I started to close my eyes. 'Can you hear me?' A voice boomed inside my head. I jolted upright. "Who's there?" I looked around my camp frantically. The place still empty. I must've been dreaming. I laid back down. 'You're not dreaming... I am much weaker than  I was before... We used to speak... Once.' I laid stiffly, "...God?" Silence. "....Devil?" Silence. "WHO ARE YOU!?" I shouted into the night. 'Same as you...When you awake after this rest....Go east.' I turned over. "What's in the East?" Silence. I shrugged closing my eyes, "I guess I'll find out in the morning." I muttered as I drifted off to my peaceful slumber. 

