Grand Chancellor Percy stepped around the podium body now visible to the Council. Percy clicked the button of the device he held switching the monitor to a 3D image of a human holding one of their infamous light cannons.

"The Humans have few weaknesses, they are marginally worse than the Disepatoids we dealt with eons ago." Percy said, dropping down to all four paws encircling the 3-D image of The human man on a loop of a dive into a roll then him resting on one knee and shooting.

"But one of their weaknesses can be used to our advantage." Percy swatted at the button that now lay on the ground. the image switched to a human child holding a tiny version of a Kitunite, the race Percy and every other being on Meowmith6 is.

"Our Intel has revealed they, until recently- had a semi-domesticated quadruped with features and fur patterns similar to our own. These creatures never gained a full sense of sentience and did not adapt well to the terraformed planets outside of their home system." Percy stood back up on to two legs and extended both hands to the Kitunite council members.

"What I plan on suggesting will not only be risky but it will mean destroying almost every monument and building on this planet, we will need the Humans to underestimate our capabilities and we will nee-" A council member stands up and interrupts Percy.

"How long do we have?" The old Kitunite said. Ornately dressed covered in long strands of yarn and tangled material. The dress of the highest ranking religious leader. Percy picks up the remote and presses it several times.

"We only have 12 years until they will be able to scan the surface and get a full battle plan against us together." Percy says, the 3D image showing a scenario of the planet being surrounded.

"We will need to act dumb and we will need to let them think they have dominated us with ease- with no fight at all."

"Then what High Chancellor Percy?" a new voice said from the audience. Percy could just make out the figure of a tall build in a military uniform.

"Then we slit their throats while they sleep." Percy said exposing his fangs in a white hot anger. crushing the remote he held as he said it.
