The God of war, the God of hell and the God of death lay at his feet. For a millennia he had been whispering secrets into the ears of their worshippers. It had started with an idea shared atop the highest mountain, one that reached to the very heavens where the gods reside.

"If the world were to end, how would you do it?" I casually asked the group of gods gathered at the table.

Rhadi lifted his golden chalice which adorned glowing gems, matching his golden armor, and bellowed, "I would explode the sun, burning everyone and everything!"

"Ha! That would be a sight to see," I concurred.

"Too flashy," a dark robed figure with glowing red eyes replied. She lifted a crystal goblet and spoke with a snake-like voice which seemed to echo through the air, "I would have my night elf mages summon the undead, and s-s-spread them like a plague across the lands."

"Using the dead to kill the living, very clever Ada," I agreed.

The God of war laughed. "I would singlehandedly slaughter every living thing in one night, no tricks, no powers, just a good old fashioned battle," she said boastfully. Her incredible speed was no joke, I thought to myself.

"No powers? Surely you jest goddess. Speed blitzing the planet is a power," Rhadi beckoned.

"My speed is just natural reflexes, nothing supernatural about it brother. And you know I prefer God, not goddess. Don't make me come over there," she taunted playfully.

"Yes Sera, the one true God, for surely no one could match your strength," Ada mocked.

"I could take you," Death whispered quietly, yet was heard by all. Everyone turned on Death, shocked that he had been at the table the whole time. Only I knew he was there. "If our brother downstairs were allowed up here, I'm sure he would have something to say too."

"Yeah, probably something about sending up a million demons to wreak havoc on mankind," Sera said and laughed. "What would you do Death? Just make everything die?"

"I have tried countless times to kill everything, no, I can only take a life when it is their time."

That was how it started, as an idea, but it grew from there. Year after year I lured follower after follower. Convinced them it was in there best interest that the world should end. Then it happened, war broke out between the seven races. It was a bloodbath. Every night the sounds of screams and the smell of death filled the air.

Inevitably the growing chaos had warped even the gods. I knew what would happen, I knew everything. That is my power, I am the God of secrets.

I watched as the rest of the gods went to war. I watched as the sun exploded, as the moon crashed into the earth, as flying demons spit acid and fire onto struggling survivors. I don't know why I did it, that is the only thing I didn't know.

During the final conclusion to the war of gods, as the last of my brothers and sisters stood firm their ground on a broken and desolate planet, the three powerhouses, Death, War and Hades were about to go at it. They fought for hours on end. Hades summoned flames hotter then a supernova but Sera moved at speeds quick enough to disperse the fire, while Death just seemed unphased.

Whenever death got a hold of his siblings their skin would blacken at the touch. But they would heal as soon as they escaped his clutches. Sensing the threat that Death posed, War and Hades would team up against him. I knew what would happen before it even happened. How Sera would inevitably crush Death, but doing so would be a death sentence, for whomever would kill death would also die. Even Death didn't know that, but I did, I knew everything.

"You! This is all your doing!" Hades would scream at me in a rage. "My brothers and sisters are dead! All because of you. Who even are you anyway?"

"I am a secret" I would reply, as Hades would turn to dust, forgetting that he can't leave hell for long.

Part 2?

