“DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON”

The icy grip of fear seized me as the row of text scrolled past my screen again, the last vestiges of sleepiness emptying from my system once I realised out what the alarm was about. With a shaking finger, I turned off the wailing alarm that accompanied the warning. Below the government\-issued priority alert was a notification that I had received 162 text messages, along with 54 missed calls. I skimmed a few against my better judgment: “Come out and look at the moon, it’s a beautiful night!” “have you seen the moon tonight????” “check out the moon. so cool”

I turned the device off as I was *supposed* to, and tossed my phone onto the bedside stand again. Those six words were one of the most dreaded messages you could receive in the middle of the night. Everyone went through Sleeper drills in school; we were supposed to be prepared for this eventuality. But everybody also knew the statistics: one in three during a Sleeper event gets caught, captured unwittingly by the unreal magnetism of the Slumbering Moon. There was really only one thing to do—hide under your covers and hope that the wax and wane of the Sleeper’s dream doesn’t reel you in. But as I buried myself in the sheets, it struck me.

Seth was missing.

I scrambled, tossing off the blankets in my panic and pressing my hand against the depression on the other side of the bed.

Still warm.

I practically threw myself off the bed, not bothering to put on a jacket, and stepped out the bedroom door. Racing down the wooden stairs, I caught a glimpse of Seth through one of the windows, outside in the yard. I felt momentary hope as I descended to the living room and saw that he was looking down at the grass. There was still a chance. Slowing down, I crept out of the front door, making sure to keep my gaze firmly on the earth underfoot.

Even though the sky wasn’t anywhere in my field of view, I could still feel the almost gravitational pull of the Moon. An inaudible song whispered at the back of my neck, beckoning, blending imperceptibly into the rustle of the wind and the wildlife. *The second most terrifying sound in the world*, I thought darkly. I came to a stop a meter away from my boyfriend.

“So. You decided to come out and feel it for yourself? You’ve always been quite the thrill\-seeker, but this is a bit far, don’t you think?”

My voice was casual, but my heart was beating like a jackrabbit. I prayed— I prayed that I was right, that that was all this was. I was prepared to drag Seth back into the house tooth\-and\-nail if he was feeling the influence, but that wouldn’t be the worst\-case scenario.

His response to my statements was, as always, utterly irrelevant but hopelessly sincere.

“I’m sorry, Sam.”

My heart sank.

“Don’t,” I whispered, carefully stepping backwards in case he tried to make a move. “Just… don’t even try.”

He turned, and I could see his face from the corner of my view. I expected to see some indication of the Sleeper’s hold, but there was no glowing eyes, or missing face, or really anything at all. Just a hurt expression on a painfully familiar face.

“You know I wouldn’t try to force you into anything against your will,” he muttered.

I stopped backtracking, judging five meters a safe distance for now. “I don’t think what I knew of you applies anymore,” I said, watching for sudden movements. “Why are you still here, then?”

“Do you not want to see me?”

Tears pricked the corners of my eyes. I tried to keep my face from twisting in anger and frustration. “No, god damn it.”

Anger. Loss. Denial. Was this what it was like to lose everything you had in a blink?

“Come the fuck in,” I snarled, turning to walk into the house. Soft footsteps followed behind me. I heard him hesitate at the threshold, but as I sat down and poured out a glass of water, Seth entered. I started to bring the cup to my lips, changed my mind, and shoved it towards him instead. He accepted the glass silently.

I forced myself to look at him again.

“So is that what this is?” I asked. “A goodbye, before you fly away to wherever people go when the Sleeper eats them? Aren’t you supposed to convince me to abandon my mortal coils, to join you in the endless dream and become one with the moon and stars?”

He ignored my jibe. He said, “Do you believe that I’m me? Seth Richter, as in.”

The question struck me by surprise. It was a difficult question, one that was damning one way or another. Is someone the same person after they have their minds subsumed by an eldritch horror? Does having your mind partly rewritten fundamentally change the personhood of an individual? A problem for philosophers. I chose the easy way out.

“It depends on how you define identity,” I responded reflexively.

“I believe that I’m Seth,” he said, skipping over my words again. ”I believe that just because my mind has been reconfigured in certain aspects, that doesn’t mean that the old me is dead. I’m still a computer science nerd, I still think Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was the best TV show ever made before the shitty tie\-in movie Marvel released, and I still insist that the Aleph version of Independence Day is better than ours. And over everything, *I still love you*.”

“Oh, *fuck you!*” I half\-shouted. “This is where the sales pitch starts, isn’t it? I can’t… oh, you self\-righteous, smug asshole.”

My fists were clenched, and tears were streaming down my face now. My heart clenched out of a combination of grief and fury, at this thing that wore my boyfriend’s body. But then, he was right, wasn’t he? All scientific evidence suggested that Sleeper victims at the lunar phase inherited the memories and personality of their originals. He wasn’t necessarily wrong. But if I kept listening to him, I was afraid of what I might do.

“I love you. I was afraid too, you know. Those fifty seconds when the Moon was dragging me out of bed, my subconscious fighting all the way. I feared… well, I was going to say ‘because the Sleeper was the unknown’, but we both that’s not true. We thought we knew what it does. The Sleeper meant being subsumed. Dissolving into the foam of eternity. The complete loss of self. Ego\-death, in the worst possible meaning of the world. Yes: death, in general, inspires fear.”

“But we were wrong, you see? Everyone was wrong. That’s not what the endless dream is. The Moon showed it to me when I looked into it. When we dissolve into the Sleeper’s dream, we aren’t consumed—we’re transformed, transmitted to a—not higher, but more abstract plane of existence. A literal dream. I can’t explain it.” Seth sighed, and paused. The song of the Moon rose in cadence, as if it were singing in agreement with his words. “What the thinkers at Watchdog interpret as the dispersal of the consciousness is more of a… diffraction. The patterns and complexity are preserved, just reconfigured and expanded.

“The dream isn’t death—it’s immortality. Not in the wishy\-washy sense of ‘echoes of your existence will drift through the stars’, but in the sense that your literal conscious mind will continue to operate. Forever. Perhaps not in this deterministic reality, perhaps not exactly as it used to, but it will carry on in an infinite world constrained and controlled only by our imaginations. Imagine that.”

I shook my head, wiping my tear\-streaked face with a sleeve, refusing to be perturbed by his words. “I don’t buy this for a second. You’re a Sleeper projection, or a Sleeper\-infected agent. Whatever. You’ll do whatever you need to make me come with you, and you’ll lie your face off if need be. You’ll be gone when the sun rises. I don’t have to do anything.”

“And where will that leave you? You’ll be left alone. Every morning, you’ll wake to a cold, empty bed. You’ll have to make your own breakfast, drive to work by yourself. You’ll save five minutes on the trip without the detour by the Microsoft building, but every time you take the right turn on Lord’s Street, you’ll be reminded again that I’m gone forever. You’ll build that gaming computer we always wanted, but then realise that there’s nobody to play Skyrim co\-op with. You’ll go to a different theatre, eat at different restaurants, just to get away from the memories. You might find somebody else, but every time you kiss them, there’ll be that inkling of doubt of whether you really love that person, or if you’re just sticking a band\-aid over your bleeding heart.“

I half\-choked, half\-laughed. I did my best to block the words out, but they hit home. Every one of them, fears that had run through my head, not just that night, but over all the years. Fears I had shared with Seth, now used against me. I deflected. “You certainly think very highly of yourself, huh? Plus, all the emotional blackmail isn’t helping your case that you’re who you claim to be.”

He looked down, mildly ashamed, placing his empty glass down on the table. “You said it yourself. I’ll do anything to get you to come with me. But that’s not because it’s what the Sleeper wants. The Sleeper doesn’t care about any of us. It barely notices us. The Sleeper sleeps. Everything that us ‘victims’ have done\-“ He mimed quotes. “\-to hurt their family and friends, to pull them against their will into the embrace of the Slumbering Moon—they did it not out of compulsion, but out of love. They saw the truth, just as I did, and they wanted who they cared about to share in it. I want you to share in this.”

He held up a finger. I knew the next words that would come from his mouth; I’d seen the same gesture so many times. The familiarity was gut\-wrenching.

“Simple game theory. If my sole objective were to get you to look at the moon, I could have grabbed you outside. Even now, I could rush you, overpower you and force you to look. I’m stronger and faster than you, and we both know that. Why am I wasting time here, talking? If I’m not Seth, why am I expending the effort to pretend? That makes no sense. I’m trying to convince you because I respect you, I respect your autonomy, and I want you to make the choice.”

I could read between the lines. I knew what he was saying without stating it outright. I swallowed.

“What you’re saying is that if I don’t go voluntarily by the time the sun rises, you’ll force me anyway.”

“I’m sorry,” he simply said. “But giving you a shot at immortality… even if you hate me forever, even if you never want to see me again? It’s worth it.”

I glanced at the clock.

2:00.

A few more hours. Then, one way or another, this would all be over.

“Can…” my voice caught in my throat, and I sniffed. “Can I touch you? Just for one last time. I don’t want… just give me this.”

He moved silently to my side. I felt his arms wrap around me, and I wrapped mine around his waist, burying my head in his abdomen as I closed my eyes shut. Seth’s words echoed in my mind.

*Every morning, you’ll wake to a cold, empty bed.*

From the moment he first apologised that night, I had resigned myself to that fact. But could I really live with that?

*You might find somebody else, but every time you kiss them, there’ll be that inkling of doubt of whether you really love that person, or if you’re just sticking a band\-aid over your bleeding heart.*

We’d been together for more than half of our lives. Never married, but we had considered that extraneous, an formality that wasn’t worth the money and effort. We had thought our love immortal. I regretted it now—at least if we had went through the motions, I would have something physical to remember him with.

*The dream isn’t death. It’s immortality.*

But it didn’t have to be like this.

Perhaps, even if this was a lie and I would just fade into nonexistence, consumed by the Sleeper, it was worth it to not have to live in a world without Seth.

The moment stretched on, time seeming to dilate, while everything else crumbled away to nothingness. Then without warning, his lips met mine. I leaned into the kiss, savouring the moment, gripping his body as if I would never see him again.

The song of the Slumbering Moon rose above the crashing of the waves, the rustle of the leaves, the crackle of a bonfire that lit up the sky. It sang to my soul, telling me a story of two humans, bound together by love, torn apart by cosmos, but reunited in time to ascend to the stars, entangled as one.

Seth turned my head gently, his mouth still pressed to mine, and I offered no resistance. The tug of the Moon redoubled with the motion, and pressure builds behind my eyelids.

“All you have to do is open your eyes,” he whispered, pleading, the raw desperation in his voice breaking me.

So I complied.