I started by shifting power to the sheriffs. They got overzealous and took on the emperor's discrete smuggling ring. Why did he need a smuggling ring? The imbecile couldn't keep his hands off another man's wife. Usually it doesn't matter but in this case it was the master of the artisans guild. Our nations weapons production took a severe hit.

I told him that the local counsels could keep the sheriffs under control and that they'd be harmless with their bickering and in-fighting. I was mostly right and that's more than enough for the boss man.

Eventually a couple of counsels rallied small insurrections. He came down on them hard. It haunts me some times. There was nothing I could do. If I'd acted things would have been worse.

I was able to spin the emperor's guilt. We created a "charity" organization. I orchestrated a few flashy fundraisers and the positive buzz blew enough smoke up the Emperor's ass that the organization became his pet project. Finally, that human disappointment was making people's lives better.

I've positioned events to push the emperor to become the savior of the empire. He's actually starting to embrace legal autonomy in townships! I couldn't stop him but maybe I can make things better.

It's really unfortunate about those insurrections though. So many died. At least that bastard's tumors are driving him mad with discomfort. He killed all those people and now he can't sit on his own damned throne! It just doesn't feel like enough...

I heard some of the kids survived. I sent a friend to check on them and help them. I hope that small bit will make a difference. I couldn't stop him. I couldn't but I will.

His son has been groomed. I have his ear. All I have to do is make it look like an accident and his highness will be gone. I'll make this empire into something good and beautiful.

Something must be done about these riots in the south, though. I can't fix the nation while the ignorant rabble are stirring up trouble. They have some charismatic leader. His backstory is suspiciously like the emperor's. Some partisan must have propped him up; given him some messiah complex.

There is so much to do. I can make the empire better.

----

"YOU KILLED THEM!" followed by a wet thud of metal crushing and cutting through a torso.

That's the first time I heard the new emperor's voice. It was strange how much it sounded like my emperor. It was strange how much the man following behind him reminded me of myself.

The new emperor has me in a cell waiting for execution. He's removed the local counsels. He declared all the village elders to be senile fools. He blames them for the insurrections. The insurrections where his parents died. 

All those things I worked for are gone. There is a new emperor and a new adviser. I didn't change anything. It's all still the same.