Dad always wanted to feel in control. He had a nickname, Deuce, that he insisted even we call him. So when old Deuce died, his affairs went fast and painless, we went Dutch in the inheritance and the family stayed tight.

Then there was his basement with the trains.

And when the little model passengers came into my bed, making a fumbling attempt to Gulliver me down on the mattress with ropes it forced me to confront the hardest chore. We had to deal with the basement. They wore white shirts, black vests, sashes for belts. Some old-world dress. One of them rode my shoulder when I took them, stumbling in the dark, to the basement door.

"Thanks to God the light will come on again. Your father, Deuce, he loved very much his trains."

I know, I told him. We weren't allowed to see what was really down there. I asked his name.

"I call myself Rolando. The, how do you say, village chose me to find you because Deuce looked up to me. People who kept order pleased him."

"Yeah. He had some strange heroes. I'd say he sometimes looked up to the wrong people, it was all crooked lawmakers, fashion designers, Fanucci in The Godfather 2. People with creative control. I guess having you subjects come to life made him really happy."

"We had a man by this name, Fanucci. The rats helped Deuce assassinate him."

We were in front of the door now. The big wooden sign, **KEEP OUT** in red paint, had fallen on the floor.

"Just what the hell did my dad do down there?"

I turned on the basement light and Rolando gasped. He laughed and kicked his wooden clogs, which hurt my shoulder. There were cheers down there, a dozen, a hundred. Opening the door I felt like some pervert, going through what wasn't mine and seeing what I shouldn't. Down the stairs.

It was a whole network of towns seen from the air, one great table taking up most of the basement. Railroad tracks through farms and towns where now little women in chemises and skirts were square dancing, and boys were raising their arms to the light. And there were some in modern black uniforms, and some in black with an A on their shirts. Those ones avoided each other. After a moment the uniformed men tapped their wristwatches and herded the ones with the As back into their houses. I looked closer ... and they had rifles.

"Dad, just what the hell did you make down here?"

This society looked like a flashback from The Godfather. A perfectly structured film, Dad said. The villagers were walking toward the trains, slow and reverent. One train had an A spray painted on its side. One of the men in uniform had begun to scrub at it with a cloth. A woman tapped him on the shoulder. Then she pulled her knife.

"Hey!" I tried to stop her and she ignored, or didn't hear. In the villages and farms they were rushing the men in uniform. Little thumps came from the little doors, and the men in As broke out. They were chanting a word I couldn't understand.

Then I noticed a desk in the corner. A tiny bullet whizzed past my ear and I swore, and a tiny voice swore back. I rushed to the desk. There was a note ... a row of tiny trains and battle tanks ... a book open to a meatball recipe. And I saw where this was going.

"Oh come on," I moaned. "Really?"

On the desk was a stopwatch, a conductor's whistle, the hat Don Fanucci wore in the movie. And beside them, a photo of Mussolini.

"Oh goddamnit Dad."

I read the note.

*To my family,*

*The best part of owning trains is making sure they all run on time. You know how I feel about orderly people. Anyway my models are all alive now, it's some Toy Story shit I don't understand, but it happened. The doctors gave me a week to live today. When I'm gone you have to keep the lights off because they really don't want another dictatorship. The moment you bring back light to this place they're all going to organise some union and screw up the timetable. DO NOT TURN ON THE LIGHTS. THEY WANT TO ABOLISH TAXES.*

*Love, Duce (Dad)*

The chanting had grown louder. And now there was a trail of little dead men in black, and cheering. Then I came to the table and the rabble stopped. Rolando stepped forward, wiped blood from his face.

"Are you our new dictator?" he asked. "We have killed all the rats who controlled us, so you will need new soldiers."

I groaned another "Goddamn it Dad," and threw up my hands. "No. I don't care about any of this. Do what you like."

The chant rose again. *Anarchia. Anarchia.*

"Anarchia?" Rolando asked me.

"Si," I guessed the right answer. "Anarchia."

And I left while the train whistles sang back to life and they drew circles around their tiny As. The light stayed on, last I heard the syndicate was keeping the trains on time and they'd turned their rifles into cabooses. Dad was the worst.

​

Love, u/SaltpeterSal