"Look, Mischief... no one here is going to argue that your idea to turn monkeys into sapient creatures with free will wasn't hilarious, but it's been long enough. It's a distraction. We need to get on with the rest of the universe. There are REAL civilizations springing up all over the bloody place and they need guidance! Proper management conducive to a well-balanced machine. And we can't keep arguing over who gets to blow up the goo sacks. We just have to do it already."


Death was clearly in an irate mood. And honestly, why wouldn't he be? They've been stuck in the W.A.R. room for nearly 1000 years deciding how to put a proper punchline on this joke. One thing the higher ups could all agree on was the importance of humor. If they were to be around forever, by Gods they were gonna find some enjoyment in it. And therein lies the problem. They all think they're so damn funny, each of them has their own idea how to end it. But the novelty of the whole process seems to have worn out a bit on Death. He seems more eager to end it than most. I think it's safe to say he's given up on ending it on his terms.


"Well I'm glad no one is going to argue that it wasn't a great idea, but I am growing increasingly irritated that how I choose to end MY joke somehow seems to have become everyone else's concern. Get on with your business in the rest of the universe, I'll end it better than any of you nincompoops can."


Mischief always was a bit of a smug cunt. Clever fellow, but not a whole lot of follow through with his schemes. He just starts shit and watches. He hasn't even pitched a real punchline the entire time we've been here. Honestly, if I know him, and I definitely do, I think he wants everyone to just tire out and go away so he can keep playing with the squishy monkey people until he gets bored. Probably wouldn't even bother to end them before he left.


"Hey, buddy, we all helped get to where we been gettin', alright?  Now, credit where credit's due and everything, it was a good idea. But come on... a lot's gone down since we started. It was my idea to give 'em Curiosity! Hell, that's been the drivin' force for all the real funny shit. Remember when that one monkey beat the everlovin' shit out that other monkey with the bone just cause he wanted to see what his insides looked like? That was as funny as when Fertility decided to put the testicles on the outside! Whoo-Wee, good shit there!"


Curiosity had a point. But then again, they all had a point.


"Look, dawg, I'm pickin' up what you're puttin' down, but if you guys are seriously telling me you think that getting them to kill each other over a bunch of imaginary lines in the dirt isn't by far the funniest shit these goo-balls have done for our amusement... you straight trippin'."


Ha ha ha ha ha... ah.  Yeah, War really got us with that one. Honestly, some of the best parts DID come from him. But so did some of the dumbest parts. The Crusades were especially funny. But the Cold War was just plain boring. Not sure about the War on Christmas yet. It has potential. It's funny watching them get so riled up. But unless it leads to some actual bloodshed soon, it's going to have to be chalked up to another setup with no punchline.


"We've all done wonderfully, darlings, and I hate to toot my own horn, but I'm afraid I MUST remind you how funny it was to give them Hope. Honestly, my idea has to be the best of all. If it wasn't for Hope they would have all withered away into nothing long ago. Nothing would be funny about them just rolling over and dying like an asshole, pardon my language. But with Hope, we've all gotten to watch them every day open their eyes with delusional visions of a brighter future for themselves and their loved ones. Every day, they get out of bed convinced that something good might happen, or that there's something meaningful just over the horizon. We get to watch as their dreams die slowly in front of them, and honestly, is there anything more delicious than that?"


Damn. I gotta admit, that's good. She's right though. Hope gets them through the day. One day at a time. Honestly, a bit of everything the higher up Gods do helps them in the long run. A fact I exploit. I like the monkeys. I always thought they were cute. And I have plans for them. Big plans. I just have to make sure these arrogant fools keep each other distracted long enough. Another thousand years or so should do the trick. Curiosity will keep them innovating, War will drive that innovation, Death will keep them hurrying along as fast as they can, and Hope will get them to the stars and beyond. By the time the higher ups figure out what I've been doing it'll be too late. The monkeys will be the end of all those new civilizations Death keeps going on about. Mischief will be so proud of me. Big brothers can be smug cunts, but I know he'll be proud of how his little sister, Ambition, went from cocktail server in the W.A.R. room, to master of the universe. Who else could turn a bunch of fleshy goo sacks into intergalactic terrors? Now THAT'S funny. I gotta thank him for getting me this job. But first, I think it's about time I served Death another whiskey and get him back in the game.