After applying the dye, I fainted. When I woke up, the sun has already set, and the first thing I noticed: MY HAIR WAS BLUE!!! For the love of god, I wanted it pink. PINK!! There's a giant colour abysm between the two.

Anyway, I went downstairs (I turned off for about 7 hours, I was famint), my sister asked what happened for me to be disappeared for so long. I don't have time to answer, she pointed to my hair and screamed "MOM, LARA PAINTED HER HAIR BLUE!". My mom asked if I wasn't going to dye it pink, I said "Yes, but the dye decided it would be blue!" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯﻿

I explained what happened, and my mother, on a mother-panic-crysis, said that I fainted because I'm allergic to the dye. "That's bullshit" I thought, but as I don't live my own life, she took me to a doctor. All the way, actually since I woke up after dying the hair, I felt observed. Whatever, I went to the doctor, and as I step into his office, he looked into my eyes from his chair and asked "Have you ever seen death, miss Bedorf?".

My mother and my sister stood on the outside, signing papers and talking with the receptionist. "No, sir" I answered, as he stood up and picked a knife (WHY DOES A DOCTOR HAVE A KNIFE?). He stared even deeper into me, I could feel him watching my soul "So maybe this is your lucky day!", and stabbed himself on the stomach.

I was half paralyzed, not knowing what just happened, but my instincts were faster, as I ran to him. The cut wasn't deep, but over less than 30 seconds the wound was already in necrosis stage. "I hope you do well, my daughter" were his last words. I screamed, but no one listened, or answered my calls. Less than a minute after, a man (or should I say just the rob?) with over 2 meters in height appeared by our side. He put his hand into the doctor's chest, like if it was thin air, and took a small white glowy ball out of it.

"As his testament specifies, this is for you, ma'am" he said, with a deep and monotone voice. He layed the ball into my hand, it was warm; and as quick as he appeared, he vanished.

At this very moment, my mother appeared, screamed, and fainted. Same with my sister, while the receptionist called the cops and the security, claiming I murdered the doctor. Of course, this was disproven when they took the footage of the doctor's room. But it was... Different. The man didn't appear, the white ball didn't exist. All of it was replaced by me, thrown over his body, crying. I kept the small ball on my pocket, no one knows about it.

So... I went to see the doctor for a random faint, and got back with a glowy sphere. As I got home, I went take a shower (I shouldn't do it, as it can remove the dye, but fuck it. I want pink, not blue). I put the ball in the table, as it spoke "Your pocket is very soft and warm, you know? But you should clean it more often!" I heard it, but I didn't know from where it come. "Yes, it's surprising, I know" and as it spoke, its shine rose and decreased, like a speaker. I stood for over a minute, staring at it, trying to figure out what the fuck was going on.