"Hands where I can see them!" I told the man, or myself. I didn't think it would be this easy to find him. I guess I really do know myself. What I didn't know was what he was going to do next. I held the gun aimed at him.

He complied.

My face remained still, but inside, I was panicking. I would never willingly lay my life down. I know myself better than this.

"Do you want to do this somewhere that wont disturb the public?"

That was it, I had to ask. 

"Why did you give up so easily?"

He laughed and said, "You know better than this. This job requires no hesitation to kill. Are you so scared by the fact that I look like you?" 

I gave him a questioning look. He still had that shit-eating grin on his face, even with a bullet pointed in his general direction. 

We both know he wants to survive. "Stop panicking", I told myself. Did I accidentally say that out loud? No, the copy did. 

"I've got an idea.", He says. 

"I am literally an identical copy of you, we could both go our seperate ways to clean up twice as fast. Think about it. You can tell them I was eliminated, you'll have someone else doing half the work for you."

I actually took the time to consider this. A big mistake for me. In an instant, I was on the floor. I felt pain and saw red. I forgot about the- "You forgot I had a copy of the handgun when I was supposedly cloned. You hesitated to kill me when I gave you the chance and said it right to your face. I don't know whether to be dissapointed or thank you. This has been a humbling experience, but I've won nonetheless." 

I couldn't reply as blood filled my mouth. I couldn't breathe.

"This experience of desperation, the bluffing, the compromising. It was all something I could never learn if I wasn't on the recieving end." 

Of course. Me, coming here to kill him, would only be an experience that would make him better than me at this job.

I would only be driven to act so differently if I was as desperate as he was. 

 In the end, it didn't matter which one of us lived and which one of us died. Only one of us learned not to hesitate in this situation though, the other died. 

I tried to laugh, actually considering splitting the work. I'd never do that. 

Not with my paycheck. 