I felt a nervous laughter welling up in me as I squinted at his visage, which was smoky and seemed to vibrate; it was hard to focus on him, especially with his jet black eyes boring a hole in my skull. But again he spoke, as the mists of hell silently descended around us and the ground turned jagged and brown, and he caught me off guard completely;

'I know what you got up to when you walked the earth. So much stealing, lying, you left those two folks to suffer when you could have called for help. And what a pervert you were! Ha ha ha ha. Christ, you people surprise me even when I thought you couldn't anymore.'

'... are you really comfortable saying that name, even in vain?' 

'You have just been pulled into hell, you're talking to me, and THAT is your first question??' 

'And why exactly are you talking to me?'

'You continue to be a disappointment, even down here. Of course this isn't really below anything but that's the terminology you're used to.'

And it was a good point, all things considered. My head was spinning, but I strained against the panic to make sense of this nonsense reality I found myself in. We walked, and he continued to stare at me intently. I saw silhouettes rise and fall, heard strange sounds. I thought i caught a siren, a snatch of song. I had a strange sensation, like we were moving but we weren't; like we were on a treadmill, anchored to a spot as hell drifted around us. I felt a dull sickness throughout my being, but I also felt... connected. There were many others here, and I could feel their presence. The smells were strange and washed over us in waves. This felt like a place of chaos, a Dali painting realised, and yet there was almost a sense of wonder in me. I wanted to travel this place and know it. I wanted to meet everyone here and feel the boundaries, and I did not know why. Grand thoughts, for a con artist. And again, I wondered why the devil was bothering to talk to me. 

'All this window dressing, nice atmospherics, Lucifer. But I don't see anyone suffering. Where are all the demons? Isn't this a place of punishment? And -'

'Thought you couldn't see the forest for all the trees?'

'So I was headstrong, and maybe I never saw things as they really were in life. But I tried to do some good things too! The world was complicated when I lived, people were always trying to tell us what to think and do, and I had to hide things and do things in secret. I was in some tough spots, I had to do things I didn't want to...'

'Excuses, and also a digression. And an assumption that the journey is over. There was a film recently where a hero told the villain that literally every word he'd just said was wrong, I found that quite amusing. Shame about the villain's naivety though. Did you see it?'

'So if this isn't the bad place' I said, with a creeping horror rising in what was once my stomach, 'does that mean...'

'Heaven?' 

'... And God?'

'Now, why do you think I'm talking to you?'

Wait, what? No. That didn't make any sense. 

I saw a spark glint in those jet black eyes. 