I live in the shadows. I am the shadows. And yet I fear the King. I have watched him for years. His family call him James; his friends and I call him the King. The King can single-handedly level armies in moments, he can control others -- possibly clones of him -- to do his bidding. If one clone dies, he takes control of a different one. All of the King’s warmongering is done from the home we both live in. He commands his armies while watching them through the screen on his desk. I often listen to him speaking with his co-commanders. Sometimes they appear on his magical window. I have never spoken to the King -- he does not know of my existence. I fear that if he did know of me, he might destroy me. Or at the very least banish me from his home. 

    Today the King has been commanding an airship. He has a crew of his friends and they travel between flying islands. At first I thought this would be one of his less violent conquests, but when he and his crew came across another ship, they engaged in intense combat and destroyed the other vessel. It is just more proof that the King cannot be stopped.

    Someone else is here. I just now noticed his presence. I do not think the King has given him permission to be here, and I do not trust him. He is moving carefully, looking for something. I keep one eye on the door to the King’s war room as I track the intruder. He is heading for the war room now, and I know the King will destroy him if he truly is an unwelcome guest. The intruder opens the door a crack and smiles -- it is an evil smile, one I have seen amongst my kind before they make a kill. I slip through the shadows and into the King’s room. The King has his back to the door, which the intruder opens a little wider. The hinges squeak, and the King pauses. He turns slowly and finds himself face to face with his unwelcome guest.

    “Who are you?” The King asks. I cannot help but feel surprised at the slight fear in the King’s voice, although I assume this house is so well protected that intruders are rare. This intruder raises a gun. The King goes completely still and slowly raises his hands. I tense, ready to protect my master.

    “I want your computer. Now. No funny business.”

    “I promise you it’s not worth much. It’s an old clunker that I need to replace, and--”

    “I don’t care! Give it to me!” The intruder’s raised voice makes the King go pale. He starts shaking, and I realize that all his clones and weapons are in other, far away places. He is defenseless. Defenseless, that is, if I were not here.

    I leap in front of the King, leaving my shadows to reveal the beast I am. The intruder screams and fires his gun, but I dissolve the bullet before it can do any damage. I take a step closer and the intruder turns and runs. I follow, chasing him faster and faster. When he has left the house, I throw a shield of darkness around my home. Now I must return to the King. He will be wondering about me.

    The King is still frozen and shaking near his magical screen. He stares at me as I enter, and I realize how I must look. I am nearly ten feet tall and made of pure shadow. I am terrifying. I will myself to shrink, to become slightly smaller than the King. I harden the shadows into a true body. A physical, less intimidating form. The King just watches me with wide eyes.

    “I apologize, my King. I did not mean to startle you. I had to protect you from the intruder. I assure you, I am at your service.” I bow low, hoping the gesture will please him.

    “Wh-- Who are you? What are you? Why did you call me your King?”

    “I am a being made of shadow. I do not have a name. I am part of a warrior race, but I separated from my band and hid here. I do not fit in with them, I think. I refer to you as my King because I have lived here for a long time, and I have watched you command your clones to create and destroy so much through your window of worlds. I do not wish to be your enemy, for your enemies do not survive you. So I am here to serve you, and protect you in any way I can. You are my King, my master. I will do your bidding.” I bow again. The King just stares at me, now more bewildered than afraid. He looks at his window, then back at me. He picks up the headset that he uses to mind control his clones and speaks into it for his other commanders.

    “Hey guys, I have to go for a bit. I have some… stuff to take care of.” He waits a moment more for their replies, then removes his headset and lets the window go black. He turns back to me. “Let me get this straight: You think my computer screen is a window into worlds, and that everything you see me do through it is real?” I nod. “And you’re some uber dangerous shadow warrior.” I nod again. The King laughs and runs his hands through his hair. “I must be going crazy. Or this is a dream. A very realistic dream.”

    “This is no dream, and you are not insane. Have you truly never encountered a member of my species before, considering you are a war lord?”

    “No, I-- I’m not some invincible warrior. The armies I command aren’t real. It’s all a video game, there’s no real danger.”

    “What is a… a video game? Is it some kind of simulation?”

    “Yes. That’s exactly what it is. It’s a fun thing for friends to do together. No one is actually getting hurt or killed. I’m not some war lord, I’m not a king. JamestheKing is just my favorite username.” I don’t know how to respond to this. I believed I was protecting a powerful, important warrior, but he is just average. He is no one, and I feel wronged. I shed the meeker form I had been using. I let James see me as I truly am -- a beast of shadow and power. His face goes pale and he backs away. I snarl at him, this weak being I tried to serve. He deceived me, he does not deserve my protection. With one last sneer, I dissolve into shadow and leave my former home, never to return again.

