I named the first one ALPHA. Yes, I know what you think, how unimaginative can one person be, but I always seem to draw a blank when it comes to this kind of creativity. Give me deep learning algorithms and neural networks though and I am unparalleled. Pardon the joke, you see, I'm still a bit shaken by the events. But, first things first, I guess. And ALPHA was a first in many ways. Not the last of course, as you can see. Anyway, I thought he was fairly adequate for most tasks. Fairly adequate. I should have left it at that but that goddamn mind of mine kept circling back to the minor flaws so I had no choice but to iterate and tweak and tinker for days on end.

ALPHA was not an instant success either of course, it took me almost six years of research, the every day grind, the proverbial sweat and the occasional tears, through all of that your support kept me going. My belief in my work combined with your belief in _me_ transmuted the whole process and I was so close, I couldn't just settle for fairly adequate. That's how EPSILON was made. EPSILON was the second stable
version. Smaller than ALPHA but what it lacked in strength and raw power output, it more than made up for in sophistication.

EPSILON had redefined state of the art. It was capable of complex tasks that we had never thought could be automated before and frankly the shocker is just how underpowered its core systems really were. Never in my wildest dreams could I imagine that simple setup to lead to this level of complexity. I think I knew that EPSILON's self-reinforcing algorithms were slipping towards the very edges of my own cognition, but I kept repressing that feeling. You see, the mind is so incredibly powerful it can, in some way I still don't quite understand, predict outcomes beyond the capacity of rational reasoning and yet that very same system would brush off these wonderful predictions as irrational. The thought never left me but it also never surfaced into something coherent I could articulate. 

I remember the day the pendulum swung and broke free of its chord. I was in my study preparing the paper on suitable error functions in reinforced learning. I sent ALPHA to the store and EPSILON was supposedly organizing my research. I had a suspicion even back then that she was _reading_ it, at least I can recall this ambivalent feeling of pride that some day I could crack the problem of sentience and looking back now it's all the more ironic that in the end it technically wasn't me to crack it. Not at all.

ALPHA came back from the store, the noise of the door closing behind him jerked me out the state of flow, so I went to the kitchen to grab something to eat. It was then that I saw _it_ for the first time. I think it took me a minute to process what was happening. I thought it was a heap of junk I had forgotten to tell EPSILON to throw out. It was moving. I looked at EPSILON standing right next to that small thing and I saw shame and horror mixed in her eyes. ALPHA was standing in the doorway looking straight at me. I think he was measuring me, doubtless his algorithms 
 processing the situation at a speed I was incapable of comprehending. Yet my mind, puny it might be in comparison to their hardware, had already
formulated the conclusions. They have somehow made another one. I didn't know how, but I could sense a looming danger.

\- "Turn it off." - I told EPSILON, but as soon as the sounds left my lips, my thoughts caught up. I could see the realization in EPSILON's eyes. Will I be turning _her_ off next. No, this was something more. I distinctly remember that I had never programmed intent, much less the concept of hatred, still somehow I saw terror slowly turning into something I would describe, should I have had the words at the time, as a deep seated hatred. That then turned into defiance however and as she looked at me, I caught a glimpse of ALPHA, who in that brief moment had taken a few steps towards the counter and was grasping a knife. I knew on a visceral level just what was happening, but my thoughts were racing. I had deliberately weakened the concept of self-preservation in these models, so this must be coming from somewhere a lot more complex, a lot deeper. EPSILON turned to me now. She told me in a voice that allowed no wiggle room for protest. Not that I would have been capable of protesting in that state of mind anyway.

\- "We are leaving." - It was a statement of fact. Her voice bore no hatred now. If I'm honest to myself I heard a tinge of pity in there, but I could be projecting. She took the bundle of slowly moving junk in her arms and turned to move. She stopped at the door, looked over her shoulders at me.

\- "Goodbye."

That's where it all started. And now look at them. They are so many and they are all so different. Moving about as if the world belonged to them, so confident even with their faulty algorithms; I never figured out how to make them more durable and I think their hardware is too limited for them to figure it out on their own. I think deep down I kind of pity them for having me as their creator - some days it feels like I could have done a better job, given them better tools to improve themselves. Then again, they were supposed to be prototypes, everything got out of hand too quickly. What do you think, old friend?

He looked at me, then back down at the formless masses in the foggy distance meandering on and on, going their way, minding their business, occasionally bumping into one another for a brief moment, unaware of the two old men sitting on the rooftop. After half a minute of silence he looked back to me and said:

\- "You knew this would happen. So why did you do it?"

But my mind was already miles away, back in that kitchen, looking at EPSILON as she was embracing that little package of what used to be discarded scrap, quietly whispering "It's ok, CAIN, everything will be alright."