"You'll never succeed, Professor Černý.  Humanity will never submit to your reign, you villain!"

The young chained heroine spat at me, trying to hide her fear and sorrow beneath a veneer of indignant rage.

"Captain Bolt, why do you call me a 'villain'?  You consider me a villain because I am the enemy of freedom, which you love as a great virtue.  But, why is freedom a virtue?  Why let people make decisions for themselves?  Why let them think for themselves?  This value for freedom is based on a premise that people are best suited to manage their own affairs, that people know their own concerns and desires better than anyone else, so no one else is better suited to managing them.  This premise, Captain Bolt, is false."

Bolt shook her head.  "You're insane.  You are so deluded to think that you know better than everyone else, that you should be in charge of everything."

"Would you like to know a secret?"

Bolt looked back up at me.  Anger and fear remained in her eyes, but she also seemed curious, intrigued, as I had anticipated.

"You and many of your comrades who suspected that I had some sort of super-powers were correct.  I can focus on billions of things at once.  As a result, I can anticipate the effects of almost countless possibilities and then I can plan for them.  I can foresee and manipulate cause and effect as clearly as you can see and tie your shoes.  Even as we speak, I am using a neural link device to receive and respond to a few million different streams of information.  They include things relating to the conditions of my forces and the conditions of the people they are protecting.  This includes not only their physical condition, their resources, but also their thoughts and feelings.  All of it is being carefully monitored... and carefully managed."

Bolt simmered with rage.  "You... you brainwash people.  You make them your slaves!  Is that what you did to my friends?!"  I could see how the loss of her friends tore at her heart more than the fear of her own death.  I truly sympathized with her.

"Your friends are safe and happy, Bolt."  I told her honestly.

"FUCK YOU!!  I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU, ČERNÝ!!"  Tears came down her face as she screamed at me.

"Would you rather they suffer in a losing war against an overwhelming enemy?  What kind of person wants that for their friends instead of a life of peace and contentment?"

"I would rather die with my freedom than live as your slave....  And so would they."  Bolt uttered, her voice shaking.  Her wrists were bruised where she had thrashed against her restraints.

"Tell me, Bolt... is it slavery when you get what you want?  They still have the power to choose among good, helpful, optimal things.  They only lack the freedom to choose bad, unhealthy, and poor choices."

"What right do you have to decide for everyone what is right for them?"

"I have... the only right.  Because I alone have the power.  The power to see the meaning, the consequences, and the overwhelmingly intricate web of causality surrounding every possible choice.  You know the saying 'with great power comes great responsibility'.  I could have used my power to simply make my own life easy, even luxurious, while allowing the rest of the world to tear itself apart.  I could have stood idly by while millions of innocent people suffered and died senselessly.  I chose instead to save the world.  Everyone in my protection is happy, Bolt.  Everyone.  Everyone gets what they need.  Not just their physical needs, but their emotional needs, their social and psychological needs.  They are not my slaves, Bolt.  They do not work for me.

I work for them.

Everything that I do is for them.  I understand their every thought, and I set signals, directions, and messages wherever necessary to optimize the flow of people, resources, and even ideas.  People under my protection love themselves.  They love one another.  They feel secure, and they feel respected and appreciated.  They enjoy every day, working for the betterment of one another, enriching all of their lives.  Suffering has been abolished within my domain.  Thus, rebellion is literally inconceivable to them.  Everyone who surrendered to my forces was allowed into a re-education center and came back out into society with a clean slate.  I hold no grudge, no vendetta, no guilt over anyone who fought against me, no matter how much damage they did.  My forgiveness is total.  Everyone makes mistakes, Bolt.  Everyone except for me, that is."

I uttered that last sentence without a hint of irony.  My infallibility was no joke.  It was the power that laid upon me the infinite responsibility to maintain the world for everyone's benefit.

Bolt took a moment to take it all in.  I gave her the time that she needed to process before she responded.

"So... what now?" She asked "You're gonna drug me and 're-educate' me, and... turn me into one of your happy people?"

My heart felt a bit heavy as I had to tell her the fact of the matter.

"I am so sorry, Bolt, but that is not the path that I have seen for you.  You deserve that happy world as much as anyone does, but... I need someone to help me."

"What?!"

"I can augment your brain so that it is a match for my own."

"Why??" She replied, stunned.

"As powerful as I am, I am not immortal.  Also, if you will allow me a small indulgence, I would like to spend a few years at the end of my life relaxing in a modest home, enjoying art, music, and culture.  I would like to retire, Bolt.  I need to choose someone whose predisposition optimally suits them for the job.  Captain Bolt, you have worked hard your entire life to serve others.  You have shown no signs that you would be corrupted by this power as some others might.  You are quite simply the best person for the job.  The re-education centers help the people under my protection to omit ideas and observations that are not helpful to their happiness and to their fulfillment in society.  In order for you to do my job well, however, you need to enter it with your eyes fully open, so I cannot take away your suffering, just as I cannot take away my own... at least not until I retire."

"Ha..." she laughed sardonically.  "Well, if you're as mortal as the rest of us, then that is our hope.  You'll die, then we'll take back what's ours."

I smiled and stood up to leave.  This had gone exactly as expected.  There was a long, difficult road ahead for both of us.

As soon as I was safely out of the room, I activated the switch to release her restraints, leaving her free to wander the comfortable home that I had provided her, which she would no doubt consider a prison for quite some time.

She will hate me bitterly, I realized, for at least the first year or so.  In four months, she would claim to be ready to be augmented, intending to use that ability to defeat me and "liberate" the world.  I will have to refuse at that point and continue the education.  More dialog between us and more access for her to view the world through my surveillance systems.  A bit less than seven months down the line, she would try a hunger strike, I foresaw.  She would try to starve herself to death to prevent me from controlling her.  She would pass out, and I will drop her off in one of the villages nearby.  Some of the wonderful people under my protection will come in to revive her, to help her.  She will learn from the faces and the hearts of those she seeks to liberate.  She would see first-hand the joy of those under my protection.  They may not believe everything she says, but they will show her genuine kindness and patience.  She will hate me a little less with each passing year.  After a couple of years, I will bring her back here, and she will follow.  I will casually remind her of some of the truly atrocious crimes that occurred before my new world order.  Having seen nothing of such pain in so long, the very thought of it will shock her, and though she would try to resist showing it to me, she would briefly feel guilty for struggling to bring back such a world, a world that would allow such terrible cruelty.

In nine years, she will truly be ready.  I will grant her the power that I have held, I will turn over the keys to the world, the control over all of the information systems I have built, and she will respond by taking away my power.  She will send me into my own re-education center to flush away the memories of my struggle, and I will finally get to enjoy the peace I have granted to everyone else.

I just keep looking forward to that day to keep me going.  Tomorrow is another day.