I sipped my coffee with a sigh. I enjoy a nice cuppa as much as my neighbors and colleagues but having grown up in America before moving to England some habits die hard. I gaze morosely at the cup wondering if I should add a bit of something stronger but shook my head. A touch to early for that and it wouldn't fix the problem. 

I look through my computer files again and feel the same stirrings of doubt and a little fear. I've been getting bits of blank memories for a while now. As a biologist I go into the field for studying and research and then nothing. It's not blank as in I've forgotten something. Instead the memories feel replaced somehow, as if overwritten. 

The feelings have only gotten worse when I examined by back up files on my home computer. Pictures and notes of "animals" that I don't remember taking or making. These animals are strange. Some are similar to animals I know of save for small differences. Like the hedgehog that went crazy when I tried to give it some water. It grew its spines incredibly long and chased me for some time. Another was a cat like creature that I swore was able to go invisible. Even these funny little birds that seemed to blink in and out of existence. Other creatures were definitely more fantastical. I swear one picture shows a blurry image of a dragon. 

I lean back in my chair and sigh heavily. To make matters worse none of my colleagues have any idea what I am talking about. Another curious part of the problem is I occasionally find small amounts of money added to one of my bank accounts. So far no one can figure out where it's coming from and out of fear I haven't touched it. Not huge sums but not inconsequential either. 

I hear the door open behind me and I turn around pasting a grin on my face. "Good morning little Mac." I say to my sweet daughter. It was a few days after her 11th birthday and I've been trying to keep the good cheer going. She's getting older now and thanks to the loose lips of some neighbors she has learned why her mother left. My face pales when I see her worried expression and notice the letter in her hand. "What's wrong sweetie?"

Wordlessly she climbs into my lap and give me the letter before burying her face in my chest. Reading it I feel my eyes growing wider and my mind reeling at the information within. We sit like that for some time after I finish and I eventually find my voice. "Well now. This is a bit of a surprise."

She looks up at me, tears unshed in her eyes. "You-you're not mad??"

My heart breaks a little as I wipe the tears away. "Of course not! What gave you that idea?"

Her chin trembles as her voice breaks a little, relief bleeding into her tone. "That I am a w-witch! A freak..."

I hugged her close and kissed her forehead. "Nonsense. You're my little Mac and I love you so very much. Nothing changes that. You're just even more special than I thought."

She cries in relief as I hug her close and rock softly. I start to chuckle and she looks up in surprise. "Oh just somethings make more sense now. Like when you somehow managed to change your sweater from blue to pink that one time."

"Or how I keep beating you at cards!" She exclaims in dawning. 

I tickle her laughing along. "I knew you were cheating somehow! Or when Mrs Renshaw's glass exploded causing her to fall over..."

Her face darkened and she spat bitterly. "She said really nasty things about you. That you and I were the reasons mother left..."

I shushed her. "Your mother left for reasons entirely of her own. Never forget that ok?"

She nodded glumly and we sat in silence for a bit. "Well. I guess this weekend we should check out this...Diagon Alley place. Let's go on a shopping spree okay?"

----

Later that week we walk hand in hand down the busy street looking for a leaky cauldron of some sort. I look about vainly wondering if I should ask someone when McKenzie tugged on my hand. "Look daddy!  Over there!"  Following her pointing hand I see a shabby looking pub with the sign "Leaky Cauldron" over it. *Huh, I could swear that wasn't there a moment ago.* I muse to myself as we walk in. 

The interior on the surface looked as drab as the exterior but the atmosphere was completely different. There were a lot of people inside dressed in robes and strange hats. Happy and busy conversation filled the air punctuated by laughter. My daughter and I looked about in wonder at this strange new world, unsure how to start. 

"Oh you're here!  You're really here!" A cheerful woman walked up to us dressed in black robes trimmed in yellow. She smiled wide and offered a hand to the two of us. "It's so good to finally meet you!  I'm so happy you came today."

A bit non-plussed but happy for a friendly face I return the handshake. "Why thank you. I'm sorry. Have we met before?"

She blushed lightly. "Well yes and no. Not formally anyways. My name is Queenie Scamander and I'm your guide for today. I'm actually here to shop with my daughters too and we're going to help you and McKenzie get everything you need and answer any questions you have."  She waves over two younger children, one the same age as McKenzie and one older. After a few minutes they are chatting and laughing as if they've been lifelong friends. 

Feeling immense relief I follow the girls into Diagon Alley proper and my head swims at all the sights and sounds. We pass a store titled "Magical Menagerie" and I stop cold. I see the strange looking birds and hedgehog and my jaw drops. Queenie smiles wide and pats my hand. "Yes indeed! I bet you've seen them before haven't you?"

She proceeds to tell me the shocking story of how there is a Ministry of Magic. They have a job to hide magical things from muggles like me and erase our memories to preserve their world. Yet my findings apparently were found by the Department of Magical Creatures and they saved my work. In fact Queenie's uncle was a legendary magical biologist and his family saw the same drive in me as he had. They even managed to publish my work and kept my name. That's how I've been getting paid every so often. 

Normally one would be enraged by such liberty taken but I could only feel vindication. That I have seen these before and now there is a brand new world of study and research open to me. As we watch the girls pick out robes I turn to Queenie with a growing smile. "So, is there a way I can keep working with the Magical Creatures department?"