Jasper curled his willowy digits through the air in front of him, plucking at the holographic theremin strings with utter precision. The soft, warbling beauty of its music filled his ears and cast him back across an ocean of thoughts. A vast auditorium, packed with a glittering mosaic of discerning patrons, sparkling in greens and reds. Each of them riveted to the aural display he wove. But it was slipping. The memory - for that was exactly what it was - grew murky and grey. The reds and greens ran into one another, melding into a horrible brown. It peeled like old paint even as he tried to hold onto it, and flaked away piece by piece to reveal… boredom.


His hands froze, and his eyes opened. A long, quiet sigh bled through his nose. It was just so… Boring. He stood exactly where he was and gave a wave - so small as to be almost invisible - and the photolithic instrument winked out of existence. Bobbit emitted a quiet series of blips near the ceiling, and retracted his projectors with a click before floating off to his dock. “Mhmm?” came a voice behind him, “Why the sudden stop?”


Jasper turned round slowly to see Lennard, his great-great-great-great-grandson, regarding him with a curious frown, ignoring the broad photoslate he had been perusing a moment earlier. “Jasper?” he said, repeating the question. Jasper waved away the interrogation and shot a non-committal sneer in no particular direction. “Oh I don’t know Lenny,” he said. He dawdled across the huge living room and collapsed into the corner of a turquoise chaise-longue. Lennard’s face shifted just enough to convey his incredulity. Bizarre. The resemblance still jabbed him sometimes, like your own reflection addressing you from a mirror. All the more apparent given they both looked unchanged since their thirty-second year.


“I suppose,” said Jasper, “I suppose I’m just bored.” Lennard’s eyebrows arched in unison, his lips tightly pursed as if to hold back a suggestion so obvious as to be unutterable. Jasper regretted his words instantly, and rolled his eyeballs. “Not like that, Lenny,” he said, “you know damn well what I mean.”


Lennard shrugged. “All the same Jasper,” he said, “It really would not be unreasonable if you did mean it like ‘that’. What has it been? How long”


“Oh who’s even counting...”


“Really? You’re not counting?”


“No. I’m not.”


“You know that’s not how it’s supposed to work,” Lennard said with just a hint of admonishment.


“I only stopped because you bloody lot have been so keen to keep track,” Jasper replied. “Is it really any wonder that I lost interest when I have you all breathing down my neck? Scores of progeny all waving memento mori in my face, like an invitation to mankind’s shittiest party?” Lennard sat back in the armchair, hands raised defensively.


The memento were the perfect insults. Gentle nudges to sign your Warrant with the Ministry of Population, printed on honest-to-goodness paper to give them a little more gravitas. As if by presenting you with information in the form of a dead relic, the Ministry could encourage you to follow suit.


Jasper uncoiled from the chaise with ageless vigour, stalking across the room to the large plexidome that made up another corner of the room. He stood there with his jaw bunched in anger, trying to give words to his thoughts. No matter how many decades - centuries - a man lived, that element of life never got any easier. After a few moments he looked up and studied the brilliant, technicolour face of planet Earth as it drifted slowly past. They just didn’t understand, these young ones. They didn’t understand what it was like back then, when Earth was prison and home, beginning and end.
He was vaguely aware of footsteps behind him on the faux wood floor. They grew closer and stopped, before a hand gently squeezed his shoulder. “Look old man,” said Lennard softly, “It’s not that anyone wants you to not be here.”


“Well what is it then?” snapped Jasper.


“It’s just...” Lennard trailed off. “It’s just. Not how it’s done. Not anymore.”


“Not how it’s done?” repeated Jasper, anger slithering into his voice, “Why should I care how it’s done?” He turned to face Lennard and looked him in the eye, gazing at his own reflection - a facsimile within a facsimile. “I breathed the air of a finite world,” he said, “I felt each grain of sand tumble through the glass. I lived with the dark knowledge that I was built on flimsy transience, lived with the fact that life betrays by definition.”


Lennard’s eyes took on a look of quiet pity. “I know Jasper,” he said, “I know what it must have been li-”


“No!” barked Jasper, “You don’t. You have never lived merely as one animal among uncounted billions, connected by one motivation: the absolute terror of finality. It’s been flushed out of you now - you and all the others. The conditioning and the doctrines, and the commandments of that bloody ministry.” He was off now, fervour boiling from his stomach like acid.


“A choice with one option is no choice at all, Lennard,” he said, his index finger thrusting in murderous gesticulation. “That is how I grew up. That, is what it was like back then. I saw the life grow back into my body - my bones hardening and my skin tightening - I felt the true power of what we accomplished. I will not throw it away. Ever.”


Blood hammered through his neck in sympathetic fury, thrumming with righteousness. The pity fell from Lennard’s face, and he walked backward, slowly raising his arms. “You think we don’t understand,” he said, his voice tremulous - with rage or sadness Jasper couldn’t tell. “You think we don’t understand,” he repeated. “But we - I - understand life perfectly, Jasper.” He reached out and picked a trinket from a shelf, a small figurine of sintered clay. “Look at this,” he said, “this… pathetic shard of the past. All of this detritus,” he swept his arm around the cavernous room, “it’s all borne of an irrelevant era - an era of fear selfishness. You are from an irrelevant era, a spoiled child of the 21st Century,” He dropped the figurine to the floor without another glance, where it tinked harmless against the synthetic fascia.


“We are no longer a cancer,” Lennard said, “We have evolved beyond the trappings at which you clutch so desperately. One In; One Out. That is the Ministry’s sole rule.”


Jasper stood utterly immobile, paralysed by a cocktail of anger and fear. He thought of the children he’d had - of the ones he’d said goodbye to. Of their children, and great-grandchildren, and so on. Of the swarming proliferation he had created, splayed under him like slaves carrying his palanquin. “Every lifetime you live,” said Jasper, more calmly, “is robbed from another.”


Jasper’s rage smouldered, tremendously hot but completely quiet. He turned his stony face from Lennard’s, and turned up towards the Earth and its revolutions - the beautiful prison from which he had escaped. “I will never give it up.” he repeated.


Lennard drifted in, and then out of his peripheral vision. Some seconds later the portway gave a subtle hiss as it slid open, and then another as it shut with Lennard on the other side. Jasper walked over to where Lennard had stood and looked down at the little figurine. He remembered his own father on one afternoon - so deep in the past - when they had made a whole family of them in his studio. Little clay figures, with glossy glazed faces vitrified into permanence. He bent down gracefully and picked it off the floor, before putting it back on the shelf where it would stand for ever.  
