(First time posting on this sub... criticism appreciated 

And, sorry about any formatting problems. I'm on mobile)

It started as a simple party game at a my 18th birthday party. "Mr. President" it's called. One person puts a finger in their, and so do others as they caught on. The last person to do this, or the last person to notice was "Mr. President." The others then tackled down "Mr. President" as they shouted "GET DOWN MR. PRESIDENT"

Well unfortunately that day, I had been "Mr. President." Though... for some reason ever since that day, I had been tackled down in the same fashion. Except the fact that it was every day, and someone I didn't know each time. 

It was nearly midnight, when I was walking down the street. See, I worked the late shift. I quickly stepped off the sidewalk, as someone fell where I had been walking. Was this? I think so. I had finally dodged the unknown tackler. Whoever it was quickly got up, and looked at me.

"Sorry... it was just my turn." The man shrugged.

"What do you mean your turn, to tackle me down?" I asked harshly. I had put up with this for years now! Being tackled every single day with no explanation!

"My turn to protect the President, of course!" The man replied, grinning. He seemed quite happy that he was trying to tackle me down. Though he also seemed nervous, with his twitching.

"I'm... not the President. I hoped that'd be obvious." I said, trying to convince him he was wrong. As always, I didn't seem to have much luck with that. 

"But you are! And you must get down!" The man begged, paling as he looked around. He then cried out slumping to his knees, and then onto his chest, unmoving aside from the occasional twitch.

I was surprised, unsure of what just happened. Was... he alright? I knelt down next to him, carefully running a hand on his back. I tried feeling his pulse with my left hand, barely finding anything. Why had he had fallen like that? Heart attack maybe? 

My blood soon ran cold, finding the bullet wound. The man... had been shot. What could I do? Oh God... I suddenly felt a burst of pain in my head, before everything went black.