*You were born for greatness, a generic name would just not do your soul justice*

Those words always seemed to resonate with me. They were the last words I ever heard my father speak.

All my life I had wondered why my parents had sidestepped normal naming conventions of the 26th century. The neural uplink program was in full effect, and names like *John* and *Catherine* were all the rage of prosperity seeking families since the program had begun. Y'see a guy named Mark from the 21st had started a social engineering program that was destined to shape the face of our very generic structure. The only thing was that it was based on rudimentary understanding of the human genome.

It didn't factor in the genetic variations that made us unique, it thrived on the socioeconomic factors which encapsulated a small portion of the ephemeral elite. A copy and pasted file structure for success, a hierarchy of conglomerated mass corruption.

I digress, *Helen* and *Marty*, my parents, were hard working engineers down in 6 Spec. They were tasked with mining the last bit of energy this planet had to offer. For centuries our species had scourged the very planet which gave us life, and now specialized *people* (if we can even be called that anymore) sought after resources which kept the buldging coffers of civilization around the world in the black.

This world was never meant to hold fifty billion people with dreams as big as those the common man now held. Every single one of them with a direct link to a central command hub and access to unlimited information, well, information stored in the same file structure and naming convention to which they had been purposed. *Purposed*. Human beings now sold into digital slavery from birth with no idea of the one way trade they had agreed to. Each one embodying a cog to a larger machine which ran like clockwork. 

My parents had blessed me with a great gift. I would not be shackled by manifest destiny, I would not sign my life away to an unpayable bond, to simply blend amongst the crowd of seemingly soul-less faces and carry out a design of tyranny to our race!

I am *Raleigh*, and I will find my parents.




