King Herupo was only allowed into the great hall when the captain of his Guard, Sir Jerrold, gave the all-clear. His eyes were clouding over, and he had to squint to keep out the relentless sunlight beaming down from the gaping hole in the ceiling. He counted three, four dozen of his best lancemen, gathered in a circle, their weapons levelled inwards at the latest intruder. In the far reaches of the hall, King Herupo thought he could see his archers, their arrows nocked, eyes trained on the slithering mountain of scales in the centre of the circle.

The dragon was, surprisingly, not as large as he had imagined.

“Sire, please, keep your distance. There’s no telling what-”

“I know what I’m doing, you fool!” King Herupo said, as he pushed Sir Jerrold aside. “And I haven’t forgotten that we wouldn’t be in this mess if it wasn’t for *your* incompetence!”

King Herupo approached the dragon, and the lancemen parted like droplets running down marble. There should have been trepidation in his step, for dragons never had a reputation for being predictable, but King Herupo was livid, and anger blinds like no other.

“I am *this* close to skinning you alive, you wyrm!” said the King, as he shook his fist at the dragon. “Where is she! Where is my daughter?”

The dragon sniffed, then swivelled its eyes towards him. They were large orbs of the darkest black, like pearls from a cursed clam. “*King*. My name is Neira, and I would like to remind you that I am here on my own accord, and I am *trying* to help you. I heard your summons, and I responded. Don’t make the mistake of turning your back on those friendly to you, King.”

King Herupo’s face was still beet-red, and he was still very much a prisoner of his own temper. He would have cursed again if Sir Jerrold had not laid a restraining hand on his shoulder. That calmed the King down somewhat, and after a few deep breaths, he said, “My advisors claim that you can help me get my daughter back.”

“And that is why I have been trying to explain to your… men, King, but they would not listen. They think me the same as the scoundrel who stole your daughter away. I am *most* assuredly not, King.”

King Herupo waved his hand irritably, and the hall rang out with the clang of a hundred lances being set at ease. There were sighs abounding too, as the archers let out the breaths they had been holding.

Neira didn’t waste any time. The dragon unfurled its wings, then shot up into the air with a mighty thrust. It hovered at where the roof had been damaged the most, then pointed with the tip of a talon.

“See the rent at this entry point, King? Where the gashes are a few feet apart? Where an unstoppable force had been applied, smashing through so many layers of reinforcements?”

“Yes, I see those.”

Neira swirled in the air, then gracefully streaked towards the far side of the hall. The men below it dived out of the way, and just barely in time.

“And see the dark smoulderings on your pillars here? Where the fires still burn as embers, hours after your mages have tried to put out the hazards?”

“Yes, yes, I see those too.”

Finally, Neira swooped towards the throne, and King Herupo held on tightly to his crown lest the wind knock it from his head.

“And here too, King. Look at how easily the dragon shattered your throne. It is made of elderstone, is it not? And the princess, she thought she could hide behind it, and stay out of reach of the dragon, correct? There, on the floor, you can still see the strands of hair she left behind, just before she was hoisted away by the brute. Do you see that-” 

“Stop, stop! Yes, I get it! What does any of this have to do with anything?”

Neira stalked back to the centre of the hall, where it folded its wings back. “You had to see for yourself, King. The one who invaded your kingdom, broke all the terms of the accord… there can only be one as brutal as that, as reckless as that. Every piece of evidence here points to it. That is the dragon we call Myrmira, which in dragontongue, means-” 

“I don’t care what it means, you stupid wyrm!” said the King, so violently that Sir Jerrold stumbled backwards. “You wyrms are all the same to me! Craven, disgusting things!”

“Sire,” said Sir Jerrold. “Please, this one is trying to help us-”

“You, you!” said King Herupo, stabbing a finger into Sir Jerrold’s chest. “I give you one task, and one task only, and you couldn’t even fulfil it! Worse than my hunting dogs, that’s what you are. The princess, gone! Right from under your damned nose! That dragon, whatever it’s called, it should have fried you on the spot! Useless, useless!”

Neira exhaled, and the breath at the end of its snout sparked with the life of fire. In the enclosed space of the hall, a hundred necks broke out in sweat.

“Time is a wasting, King. Do I have your leave to hunt down this… dragon?”

“Yes, go, go! Don’t come back until you have her safely with you!”

“… King, are you not forgetting something?”

Neira reached forward, and King Herupo recognised the royal seals on the poster stuck on the end of the dragon’s talon.

“There’s the matter of the reward, King,” said Neira. “Half of all the gold in your coffers. Do we have a deal?”

“Better to give you the gold, than to give another bloody copper in wages to my knights. Useless, the whole lot of them!”

King Herupo nodded, Sir Jerrold’s shoulders slumped, and Neira took off, shooting through the hole in the ceiling, a firecracker in broad daylight.

---

Sir Jerrold climbed down from his horse, then tethered it to the nearest tree. There wasn’t another soul for miles, and he could finally relax. He broke out his rations, then found a nice stump to sit on. He was early – the sun had not even set yet.

He was just done with his meal when Neira swooped down and landed next to him, as soundlessly as a thieving thought.

“I didn’t know you could be so stealthy,” said Sir Jerrold.

“Only when I choose to,” said Neira. 

“Ah, I see,” said Sir Jerrold. “I’ll keep that in mind the next time another plan comes to mind then. Well, did you bring it?”

Neira opened its maw, then coughed violently, heaving up its hidden cargo. The bags of gold splattered onto the ground, making loud thumps as they rolled in the dead leaves. 

“Your share, all accounted for,” said Neira. “Sorry about the goo. It shouldn’t be corrosive.”

“That’s not what I’m worried about,” said Sir Jerrold. “The princess – does she suspect anything?”

Neira shrugged as best as a dragon could. “She’s the same as her father. They can’t recognize us to save their lives. That’s what royalty does, you know – there’s only them, and then there’s everyone else. I used a different voice, I treated her differently, and that’s all she will know.”

“Good. I’ll keep an eye on her, and I’ll help her remember the parts which matter.”

“You’re still captain of the guards? Even after all that?”

Sir Jerrold laughed. “I’m holding his kingdom together for him, the old fool. The princess is a hundred times worse, trust me. If you had eaten her, you would have been sick, I promise.”

Neira watched as Sir Jerrold tied the bags to the horse, one by one. When he was done, he turned back to Neira, then raised his clenched fist. Neira leaned in, then tapped it with the end of its talon. Sir Jerrold smiled in the darkness, baring his teeth.

“It’s been a pleasure,” he said, as he saddled up. 

Sir Jerrold sped away, and Neira couldn’t help the grin spreading across its face. Neira watched as Sir Jerrold’s figure grew smaller, until he crested a nearby hill and faded from sight. 

“And you humans say we are the dangerous ones,” said Neira. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny
