“You're absolutely sure about this?”


Harriet’s gaze is intense, like a searchlight firing out from between the silver locks framing her face. Her chin rests on her palms, elbows on the plastic breakroom table, fingers rippling against her cheeks. Anxiously awaiting an answer she already knows.


“No doubt,” Deng sighs. “The fault in the core shielding is bad. There must have been some underlying structural defect that resonated with the seaquake. At least once the recovery is complete we will have an interesting case study for reactor failure modes.”


“They will, you mean,” Flip says over the top of her steaming coffee mug, “*we*...will be dead.”


Deng shrugs, gives a conciliatory nod.


“I meant we as in the scientific community.”


“Progress marches on,” cheers Brian, “unperturbed by the perishment of six brave souls at the bottom of the sea. Scorched to ashes by the unholy fire of the atom divided.”


“I don't think there will be ashes…” Deng starts.


“We all knew what we were getting into,” Flip says over the top of her steaming coffee mug.


“I don’t really need to be thinking of the details of how we’re going to die right now, thank you, Deng,” Harriet gently chides over the top of him.


Val shuffles into the break room clutching a printout. Her hand pulls distractedly at the tractor feed strips at the sides, teasing them apart at the perforated joint.


“Base com’s confirmed. Their estimate to core failure is four hours, just like Deng said. Repair bot can't make it down here for nine hours. Rescue and recovery is at fourteen. They send their condolences.”


“They should send some flowers down with the bot,”
Flip says over the top of her steaming coffee mug, “that'd be cute.”


“A wreath, perhaps,” offers Brian.


“Ehh. Not as cute,” Flip says over the top of her steaming coffee mug.


“I'm allergic to flowers, by the way,” says Deng, “I think just a nice card will do.”


“Not sure they'd have a card for *'deepest sympathies regarding your imminent death in a top secret government lab 40,000 leagues under the sea’*,” says Brian.


“I wouldn't be surprised if they did,” Val mumbles while tearing the strip from the other side of the printout.


“There's no money left in the budget for cards or flowers anyway,” says Harriet as she stands up and slaps her hands on the table, “Now, let's get to work. We need to get the machine fired up for a run in three hours.”


The crew’s eyes all turn to the mission commander.


“Well, come on,” she barks, “I'm not having us sitting around feeling sorry for ourselves when there's work to be done.”


“But what’s the point,” Brian starts, “if we're all going to...ohhhh.”


“That’s right,” says Harriet, “one of us can still make it out of this mess alive. Lucky for the boys upstairs, he’s the one with the most significant dollar value attached. And lucky for us scientists, he's our data wrapped up in a neat, fleshy package. Deng, what's our range at the moment?”


Deng blinks for a couple of seconds, clearly annoyed he didn't see this course of action from the start.


“Uh...the quake knocked out two of our battery banks but we could still get eleven, maybe twelve hours?”


“Great, that might just give the bot enough time to deal with the rad leak. Our pilot will just have to fend for himself for a few hours before the rescue team arrives. Right. Let's make it happen.”

---

“He looks pretty out of it,” says Val.


“Help me out with getting him in the harness, will you?” huffs Flip, “yeah, he's still really groggy from the general anaesthetic. Last run fried a few of his implants so I had to replace them just now. Also, he normally gets a longer down time between runs.”


Flip closes the last buckle with a click and stands back to inspect. 


“Poor guy,” she says, “he's not going to know what's going on when he wakes up. He's gonna be so exhausted doing a back to back run, plus the surgery and he won't have anyone to help him down or anything.”


“I have an idea,” says Deng, appearing from behind the machine. He puts his clipboard and multimeter down and grabs a spray can of fluorescent diagnostic dye. Brian and Harriet turn to watch in mild amusement. Deng strides to the wall opposite the machine, stops and ponders for a moment, before reaching up and letting loose with a stream of bright pink. When he’s done, he retrieves his clipboard and multimeter and goes back to performing the final checks. 


“*‘Sorry’*?” queries Brian, “that's the best you could come to with? '*Sorry’*?”


“Hey, you would have run out of paint before you finished your introductory paragraph,” quips Flip as she closes the hatch on the machine.


“True,” concedes Brian.


“It's such an engineer's solution,” says Val. 


“I'm also Canadian,” echoes Deng's voice from behind the machine. “All done. I think we're good to go.”


“How are we for time?” Brian asks, turning to Harriet.


“Good,” she says.


She moves to stand in front of the machine, then gestures for the others to join her. Deng brings the control box with him, trailing its thick bundle of cables back to machine. He hands it to the mission commander and takes his place at one end of the crescent of crew members. Harriet surveys her crew and smiles before lifting the safety guard on the arming switch of the control box. A soft whine begins to emanate from the machine, steadily increasing in pitch. A row of lights illuminate the hatch window and the smooth young face of the pilot within. Finally, the status lights on the machine clunk from red to green.


“God speed, little man,” says Harriet.


She thumbs the trigger button on the control box and the time machine disappears in a fearsome crack of lightning. 


In the swirling mist formed by the sudden low pressure of the machines departure, Harriet feels a hand wind its way into hers. She places the control box on the floor and a hand from her other side fills the void the box leaves. Words don't seem to want to come but they are not needed. The crew, by unspoken agreement, sink to sit cross legged on the floor, hands entwined. 


Silently, they await the boy's return.

[/r/christamantinium/](/r/christamantinium/)