They told me to sit there and a wait. In a few minutes I'd be facing the person I had hurt the most during my life. I was more curious than anything else. 
I had lived a pretty quiet life. My career as an academic had been pretty harmless and kept me pretty busy. I couldn't think of anyone I ever intentionally hurt. 

I was a tough kid and I gave my mom lots of trouble but I left my house when I was 15 to go to a boarding school. My mom always looked a lot happier after that. 

Maybe one of my coworkers, they always hated me. Since my youth I always held myself to really high standards. Studying pretty much non stop and then working really hard as well. I never pretended anybody else to follow my example, but just being around me caused my coworkers a lot of stress. This is why I spent most of my time locked in my office. 

Maybe it was one of my students. I never had kids of my own but lots of young men and women had passed through my office. I always tried to do my best in preparing them not only for the academia but for life itself. Maybe I could've done a better job. 

"Well, it'd be nice to see her one more time". I thought to myself. 

I never meant to hurt her, I really did love her. But we were too young. At the time I was drinking too much and taking lots of drugs. I wanted better for her and I couldn't give her that at the time. She was too beautiful, she had a great life ahead of her and I was holding her back. So I broke her heart. I always hoped we would end up together but even back then I knew that was just a really stupid thing to think.

The door opened and it snapped me back to the situation at hand. 
I recognized immediately that distinctive hunched posture, that fucking bald head shining under the strong lights and that lazy eye that had haunted me for so long. 

My breath got really heavy, my blood boiled. I was livid. 

He just sat there in front of me, staring at me expressionless. 

I took a deep breath to try and contain my anger and said - "You were always such a crybaby". 

A slight smile drew on his face, which only made me angrier, I always hated that crooked smile. 

"I did what I had to do"- I said trying to justify myself, tears building on my eyes, and then he spoke. 

"I know and I don't blame you. I would've done the exact same thing"- I couldn't help but laugh, it was getting harder and harder to contain my tears. 

"But now it's all over" - he continued - "you don't have to keep beating yourself up. It's been hard but the world is a better place because of you and, well, that's all that really matters now. It's all you really wanted anyways right?"- he seemed proud of me. 

I couldn't contain myself anymore. All the feelings I never acknowledged, not even to myself were surfacing. The pain I had felt on all those lonely nights. I saw his eyes and I knew he understood. I didn't had to say a word he felt the exact same pain. The person I had hurt the most in my life was myself. 

I was crying like a baby now. He walked towards me and placed his hands on my shoulders - "you did good. You can relax now". 