"Good to meet you Mr. Douglas. I'm Doctor Swayze", said a slender man with a square chin. 

Posturing to attention Mr Douglas sighs," Hi doc. It's good to see you."

"So what can I do for you today?", replies Dr. Swayze as he enters data on his computer. 

"To be honest I don't know if anyone can help me but I hope you can." 

With a concerned look he slides his palms down his denim jeans coming to a rest at his knees. "I'm seeing things...people...I know they aren't there. I think I'm seeing ghosts. Everyone here is a ghost. I'm pretty sure you are as well doc. You are? Right?"

As he nervously slides his bottom lip back-and-forth against his top teeth he waits too see what Dr Swayze has to say. 

"if I was would you feel this?" The doctor quickly thumps something toward him. 

"Ouch! What the hell did you throw at me?"

From an entertained laugh the Doctor holds up a paper clip,"Nothing other-worldly I promise."

As he leans into the comfort of his padded chair with a lift of his eyebrows the Dr asks," Do you know what we do hear Mr. Douglas?" 

"well yeah don't you counsel people with mental issues?"

Leaning forward and speeding through the keys entering more data the doctor responds with," that's pretty close. You see people come here looking for guidance. Seeking answers as they prepare for the journey to the next place."

"W-What? What do you mean the next place?"

Observing his confusion the doctor asks," what's more plausible, that everyone here at the facility is a ghost or that everyone here is real...and your the ghost?"

"WAIT! WHAT? 

His eyes widen. He can feel his heart pounding. His left leg begins bouncing. You can hear each tap as his heel comes down on the marble floor. 

"What do you mean? Hows that's possible? There's no way! NO WAY! I would know something like that"

In a soft and soothing tone Dr. Swayze enlightens him, "I know this may come as a shock. Some people already know when they come here and some don't. Please have a look at this Mr. Douglas."

The doctor spins his monitor around," this is what happened."

Anxiety sets in as Mr. Douglas absorbs what he sees. 

Seeing the date on the computer he says, "This news article says I died; 30 years ago!

Dr. Swayze interrupts, " sorry the date's wrong. Had some trouble with an upgrade to the operating system this morning. Set the clock back 30 years for some reason. You passed away yesterday"

Mr. Douglas continues," It says I drowned after falling into the cooling towers at the power plant? I...I remember yesterday. I left work alive. Hell it was in the parking lot that I saw my first ghost yesterday! She's the one who told me to come here. Said that it would help make sense of things.

With a determined look he continues, "after that's when I started seeing lots of ghost. They were in my home. They were there when I showered. There when I ate. There was even one creepy looking freak standing there staring at me when I woke up!"

Dr Swayze," calm down please. Look, sometimes when a person is caught between this place and the next it can be confusing at first. The people you see are still alive. Most of them anyway. They have a ghostly look because your caught between the real world and the after life." 

The doctor stands up and walks around the desk to Mr Douglas and reassuringly rests a hand on his shoulder," don't worry we will help. Your not alone. Our staff is the best there is. Please follow the nurse in the hallway to our preparation room. From there we will help you with what comes next."

As the doctor exits the room he beckons to the nurse who walks to the door way. 

Never turning to face him the busy nurse leads the way, "please wait here sir."

As he enters the room he sees the floor has dark stains between the marble tiles. That's when he notices a copper like smell inside. As the door swings shut behind him he makes out the sound of a metal bolt sliding. 

"Um hey! Why does this lock from the outside? What's going on here? Hey miss! Miss! Can you hear me!"

"they got you too huh?", said a hoarse voice from the adjacent room. 

Frightened Mr. Douglas says with a hesitant breath, "What? Hey who are you? What are you talking about?"

" There was a woman here ahead of me. They killed her. I think they enjoyed it. I've screamed for help and clawed at the walls. No one can hear us."

A stool rolls across the floor in the other room close to the wall where Mr. Douglas stood.

 The stranger grumbles, " Get right with your God friend. Time is short."

Before Mr. Douglas can respond he hears the clanking of keys as several people walk up to the strangers room. They open the door and not a moment later there's a loud thud on the floor. 

His mind racing he contemplates if this is hell. Has he been judged. Is this his eternal torment?

"Hey what the hell? Your suppose to help me. I shouldn't be here! Have I already been judged? Is this hell?"

A familiar voice with a sinister laugh speaks, " No Mr. Douglas. This isn't hell. You would have to die first to go there", she says with another laugh. 

"Wait I know that voice. Who are you. Come here! Who are you!"

Opening the door with a grin and a few orderlies with her she taunts, " I promise after this you won't see any more ghosts Mr. Douglas."

" OH MY GOD! IT'S YOU! YOUR THE GHOST I SAW FROM THE PARKING LOT!






