I reached out and shook his hand. “Deal, man.”

“Sweet!” Trevor smiled wide- and then was lying on the ground, blood pooling from his head, his stupid smile frozen beneath his blank eyes. My ears... hurt. They were ringing. What the fuck-

“Deal?” Trevor reached out his hand, waiting for mine.

“I- what?” I blinked once, twice, thrice. I glanced at the ground where he was lying just a moment ago. What was that? Some sort of fucked up spidey-sense?

“Whaddaya mean, ‘what’? We’re shaking on a deal here! First person to invent time travel comes back to this point in time! That way we know we can do it.” He had a lopsided grin on his face, thanks to the small bunch of dead nerves on the left side of his face.

I hesitated for just a moment, unsure about what had just happened- or hadn’t happened. I reached for his hand, shook it. “Deal, Trev.”

His stupid smile spread wider, pushing against his dead nerves, trying to change their fate. I released his hand, and the side of his head exploded in a shower of blood, bone, and grey matter.

I screamed his name, but couldn’t hear it. My ears were ringing, the false silence deafening-

“Deal?” Trevor held out his hand expectantly, a small half-smile on his face.

“What- I- you-“ I couldn’t form words. That was real, fuck what anyone says- I just watched my best friend *die*.

“The time travel deal! Whoever invents time-“

“No, shut up, I get that. But dude, you just died! You just got shot!” 

Trevor paused, quickly felt himself- to humour me, I suppose- looked at me with an eyebrow cocked and that stupid, irritating half-smile, and said “Naw, I’m good. Just got the holes I was born with. So, we shaking?”

I wanted to say more, but couldn’t. I felt compelled to shake his hand. I *had* to shake it. I had to be sure.

“Yeah,” I said nervously, “we’re shaking. It’s a deal.” I held his hand tight, and longer than I should have.

“This your way of saying you’re into me? Sorry bro, I don’t swing that way.” Trevor chuckled, and withdrew his hand.

I heard it. The gunshot. So loud, so painfully loud in my ears. I saw the bullet enter his head and the shrapnel and gore leave it. I spun to the right, looking for-

“Deal?” Trevor extended his hand toward me, smiling, patiently waiting.

I stood in shock, confused. Lost. Despair, fear, dread; dark emotions grabbed at my heart, whispered in my ear. I made a split-second decision.

“Deal.” I grabbed his hand, held on for dear life- for *his* life.

“Woah dude, chill, this isn’t a contest-“ Trevor started to complain, but I cut him off.

“Trevor, shut the fuck up and listen. If I let go, you die. It’s happened three times. It’ll happen again. One of us must be coming back from the future to prevent *something* by killing you, but when you die, I’m sent back to this point in time. I don’t know what the fuck is going on, but I won’t let you die.”

Trevor stared at me, dumbfounded. He was quiet for a handful of seconds. “So...” he blinked slowly, “if I want to not die, we gotta be gay for the rest of our lives?” That stupid, infuriating smile started to creep back onto his face.

“Alright, I’ll try to prove it to you. I’m gonna let go of your hand and shove you backwards, hard. If this works, you’ll dodge the bullet. That’ll make you believe me, right?” I glared at him, angry at how casual he was.

“Hey, if it makes you feel better, go ahead. And if you do save my life... well, thanks.” Trevor smiled a small, warm smile. I nodded, and braced myself.

I released his hand and shoved his shoulders as hard as I could. His feet left the ground, and his head hit the ground first- at least, the half of it that wasn’t splattered all over the wall. I screamed and spun, looking for the murderer-

“Hey, me.” He had a small, sad smile on his face. On *my* face. “Sorry about putting you through that.”

My mouth opened, then closed. I opened it again- and closed it again. What- what do you say when you watch yourself shoot your best friend?

“We should be safe now, for a bit. If you’ve got questions- which I know you do, since I AM you- ask them now. We may not have long.” The other me lowered his gun to his side, relaxed.

“What the *FUCK*?” I didn’t know what else to say. I didn’t know what to ask. I looked at Trevor’s corpse, then back at him- at me. “What the fuck?”

“Yeah, that’s fair.” I- he- nodded. “Alright so, long story short, he gets humanity erased. That good enough?” The other me stood there expectantly, waiting for... for what? Me to just say ‘Oh, no problem then’?

I looked at Trevor’s corpse again. I looked at the other me. Trevor’s corpse. Other me.

“What? ‘Gets humanity erased’? The fuck does that mean?”

“Well, obviously, time travel, right? He actually invented time travel first, but forgot about this deal, I suppose. Moron started hopping everywhen, saving people, stopping wars; you know, the whole superhero thing. Problem with that was, Eternity took notice- and lemme tell ya, Eternity? Pretty pissy guy when you start messing with his time. So, to prevent Trevor from fucking with time- and by extension, Eternity- I made good on our deal and came back here.” He shrugged, as if killing our best friend was nothing. Like it was the only choice.

“You made good on the deal so you could kill our best friend? Do you even care about him? We might have been able to change the future! We could have-“

“We would have failed.” He stared at me, his voice quiet but commanding. “Do you think this was my- our- first solution? You seem to forget this, so let me remind you- I am you, and you are me. We are, literally, the same person.” His voice slowly rose in volume. “Do you want to kill your best friend? No! Neither did I, because I am you! I know you better than you know you, because I am you that has lived longer! Do you have any idea how many hundreds, thousands, millions of times I’ve jumped through time, just to stop his dumb ass? Yeah, you saw me shoot him four times, and for that I’m sorry, but you’ve only seen him die four times! I’ve seen him die an unfathomable amount of times! You want to know why? It’s because every time I jumped, something else was fucked up! No matter what I did, I couldn’t stop everything! I couldn’t stop anything, and I couldn’t save Trevor!” He was crying. Tears were pouring down his cheeks, like he’d been holding them in for a long time. He collapsed to his knees, sobbing.

I didn’t know what to say. Did he- did I- want to be comforted after something like that? Told I was right? Or would I want to be told there’s another way, a different way, to save Trevor, myself, and humanity? Was there even a way to do that?

“Hey,” the other me said, “promise me something.” He looked up at me, tears still flowing, but the sobbing quelled. “Promise me two things.”

“What is it? What do you want?” Between the stench of blood from the corpse beside me and the sound of absolute sadness and despair from the me in front of me, I was overwhelmed. I didn’t know what to say or do.

“Promise me you’ll never invent time travel. Never pursue it, never help create it.” He seemed desperate, due to time or the meaning behind his words, I don’t know.

“After today? No fucking way am I inventing time travel. I swear it.” I placed my hand over my heart, swearing to him and me. Me and me. Me and him. Us.

“Secondly... make sure to burn my body. Leave nothing left.” He smiled his same sad smile from earlier.

“What do you mean-“ Before I could finish my sentence, he placed the gun against his temple. “Wait! What are you doing!?”

“I’m the last anomaly. If I’m gone, Eternity will rest, and humanity will be safe. Goodbye, me.”

He closed his eyes and pulled the trigger before I could do anything.

I stood still, staring at his lifeless body. At Trevor’s lifeless body. I looked at my hands. Not technically stained with blood, not yet; but these were the hands of a murderer.

I had an idea. I could fix this. I’ll find a way, if the other me tried a billion times, I’ll try a billion and one. I won’t give up- not on Trevor, not on me, not on humanity.

I walked over to my corpse. I reached down and picked up the gun. It was heavy and slightly warm to the touch. My hands were shaking, but I knew what I had to do.

I slowly raised the gun.

I placed the barrel against my temple.

I took a deep breath.

I pulled the trigger.

“Deal?” That stupid smile. That stupid voice. That stupid deal. That stupid idiot in front of me.

I smiled, and reached for his hand.

“Deal, man.”