Even as an adult, it is still exciting on Christmas morning.  Usually my wife has some sneaky plans to surprise me on this special morning, but this year I have my own plans.  I had planned on getting up early to make sure the kids' gifts were out and in nice order.  Maybe make some coffee and browse my phone for a little while and let my wife sleep in some.  

I have no trouble rising early, it's 4:42- my usual wake up time.  I slither out of bed discreetly so I can work my way downstairs without waking the kids.  The old stairway of our house betrays my every step, each stair creaking like I'm the one that cut the tree down to make it.  I hold my breath as I step *over* the stair I know to be the worst.  Slick.  I feel around for the next stair and nearly tumble down the rest as one of the cats wiggled underneath my foot.  I make it down the stairs, excited to go about playing my part.  I'm just about to round the corner to the basement to gather gifts when I hear some rustling in the living room.  Initially I think it is one of the cats, they love to play under the tree.  Then I hear the floorboard by the tree groan.  None of the cats are heavy enough for that.  Horror sinks in.  Someone is in the house.  

I know the kids are in their rooms, I checked on my way down.  Wife is in bed still.  I sidle slowly toward the kitchen.  Living in this neighborhood, there are certain precautions one takes.  I think about the biometric fingerprint safe in the kitchen... that should be the 10mm 1911 Springfield Armory.  That should do for any intruders.  I press my sweaty thumb into the safe, reach inside and feel the cool metal in hand.  I always keep a flashlight in with each safe.  I work toward the living room, listening cautiously to keep the element of surprise on my side.

I slowly peek my head around the corner.  A slim man, maybe late 20's or early 30's is prowling around the tree.  He has a dirty off white robe wrapped around him, and what appears to be leather sandals.  Odd choice of footwear for December in northern Minnesota, but hardly surprising considering his haggard appearance.  The man had some sort of headband on... or is it... are those *thorns?*  Just as I'm about to yell for the man to identify himself, he visibly straightens and stands bolt upright.  The hairs on the back of my neck are standing straight up.  I've seen this man before, thousands of times.  On every crucifix in my house, at church every Sunday.  Jesus is prowling in my living room, and I'm holding a stainless steel hand cannon and too shocked for words.

He looks to me, and with the hatred possible for the words hisses, "It's My birthday, not yours!"

Relief washes over me.  I look to Him calmly and say, "Actually it's my birthday too." 