  I can hear my therapist now. Again I was caught up in some extravagant plan that was surely too much trouble for what it was worth. I shifted some newspapers around my legs, tucking in some trashbags and a tattered sleeping bag up behind my back. I've sat at this junction for months now. I've got nothing better to do, the investors are nearly salivating over my soon to be corpse every time I pace the halls at HQ. Granted my pacing is slower now, so even more the reason to avoid that buzzards nest. If I only had two years to live before the cancer ate my brain, then I'd rather spend it on my own time, even if it was on the streets. My money never made me happy, so why would I lord over it in my final days? Fuck the lot of it.. To hell with this worthless planet.  
    Leaning my head back against the cold brick of some historic downtown monstrosity or another, I exhaled as much breath as I could. Air rushed out of me in a wordless prayer, until I felt my lungs were empty, Then silence. Numb, hungry echoes bounced along from the freeway, the L rumbled along somewhere above me, aimlessly stalking it’s hunting paths. I heard soft laughter among the gunshots and sirens. Odors of  fresh bread, must, and beer mingled with the soft smog sliding down the thoroughfares that ached with winter. I opened my eyes.  
    My compatriots of the night had mostly disbanded, seeking warmer shelter. Few would be out now in this part of town unless some dark business had possessed them. You could consider my business dark, I suppose. Regardless, I felt comfortable there, nestled against carefully lain masonry from a time well past.. Looking up at skinny ragtag scaffolding, enfolded in gauzy, plastic gowns, I imagined I was the king of the refuse, all the forgotten and broken things were my domain. The silent hours and the crumpled flyers all belonged to me. For some time I imagined what it would be like to erect a throne of garbage right here on the corner and heckle the passersby with threats of war if the tax on littering was not met by Christmas. Sometimes, in the lull of night traffic, I swear I could hear the waves down on the shore of the lake.  
    I continued my fantasy for some time; I even managed to set most of the lower city ablaze with a few trusted vagrants and molotov clad hookers. The investors were furious until their faces melted away. Presently, I heard shuffling steps, most likely a drunkard, or druggie. They'll probably pass by without a word. I could be a corpse, frozen into sublimation by the great city, and I would be left to rot. It would be spring before anyone noticed. The warm sunlight would begin to liquify my frozen corpse and people would stop pitching nickels at my little jug, then the coroner would be called. What a day for him. The steps were closer now, and a humming came along too. Something slow, sad, and perhaps reverent. I chanced a stare at them. Moderately well dressed, clean, middle class for sure; sizing him up precisely in a matter of seconds, I guessed another greasy dollar at best.  
    The humming ended with a flourish, and he smiled disarmingly bright against the greying sky. "Evening, my good fellow. Would you care to accompany me for a drink? It's frighteningly brisk out here, and I shouldn't be left unattended for too long." He smiles again. My failing heart thumped faster. No one had spoken to me like a human being in years. "I... would be.. delighted, sir...?" A hearty laugh, "OH no no, no titles here, except maybe Ring Master from Friday to Sundary, and from nine in the morning til two in the even-ning on Thursdays." His cheezing grin swam away into a soft smile.  “You can call me James.” I nodded slowly.
    "Please, I beseech of you. Join me for the evening." He held out his hand to me. As I took it in mine I felt the rough palms, hard-creased life lines, and a seeping warmth as he pulled me from my cynical cocoon. “You w- wouldn’t…” His keen eyes bore into mine, waiting for my response with all his being. “You wouldn’t happen to need.. A new attraction, I wonder?” The Ring Master’s eyes sparkled as he drew me in against his side. “We never need any attractions, mate. However, we always have room for one more kind soul.” Steering me down the sidewalk I sighed, it would be nice to have a beer with a friend for once.
