This was it, Marvolo thought to himself. Last time he had tried this he had to abort his mission when mega-lad showed up instead of punch girl: apparently she was busy that night. This time, though, Marvolo had a plan. Every other hero in the city was busy fighting his monsters -- punch girl was the only hero left in the area. She would have to come and put a stop to him.

Marvolo tightened his bow-tie and righted his suit one more time as he walked up onto the makeshift stage he had constructed. Walking forwards, he took a breath to rehearse his lines one more time... SLAM! The doors flew open, one of them dangled on its hinges before falling to the ground with a dull thud. She was early.

"Stop in the name of the law or I'll punch your goddamn lights out!" -- it was punch girl all right. Wow she was beautiful.

"I... I, um... " Marvolo felt his face get hot. "Keep it together", he thought.

He cleared his throat. "Ahem. Impressive isn't it." Marvolo said as he gestured to the mass of wires behind him. "Soon, this computer will have infiltrated the entire phone and power system. Think of the impact I will have when I can control the entire grid! Just one touch of a button and... boom: no more power for metropolis." Marvolo chuckled as he stepped towards punch girl. He was now face to face with her only a foot away. "But what if I told you... I had done all of this for you?"

"You disgust me." 

Ouch. That was painful, if not particularly unexpected. Marvolo stepped back to avoid punch girl's inevitable retaliation. A swing and a miss... but it was the second punch that caught Marvolo unaware and left him sprawled out on the other side of the room.

"ha ha ha"... Marvolo grimaced -- a few broken ribs, but it was worth it. "It's too late already. My machine started shutting down the grid as soon as you came in."

"Monologue all you want, I'll see you in jail"

"Only if you can catch me."

Marvolo hastened up the stairs to the top of his tower - punch girl had a strong punch, but she wasn't particularly fast. 

...

When punch girl emerged gasping for breath at the top of the tower, Marvolo's demeanor had changed: but something else had changed too. The sky... it was filled with marvelous colors and points of light.

"What have you done?"

Marvolo was lying, back to the ground looking at the sky.

"You've never seen stars have you? I mean, how could you? The city lights drown them out every night."

Punch girl glanced up again. They were beautiful... But... Back to business.

"Do you have any idea how many people you've probably killed? Hospitals need power to keep people alive. You killed those people... all so you could have a nice view from your tower."

"I... I didn't think of that."

"You're coming with me." Punch girl hauled Marvolo over her shoulder and carried him down the stairs to the police car stationed outside. He was pretty cute... but she didn't date idiots.