"What a night," I say, as I stumble out the door, past my yelling, tireless mother, who shouts at me for not helping to clean as I promised the night before. 

"How would I know my father and uncles would create such a toxin that would dilute my senses and sour my mind?" 

I wet my lips with my parched tongue as I scour the streets for something to eat and drink, anything to numb the throbbing veins in my head.

"But oh, what a night!" I say aloud with a grin on my face as the sun shines high in the sky, warming the stones beneath my thinly veiled sandals.

*Father, uncles, cousins, even my mother was so proud of me. That drink, that wretched, intoxicated wetness the older ones laugh over and smile about, even that was enjoyable. But oh, what a celebration.* 

I finally find a stall selling fruit and meat for nearly nothing at all, and so I sit and ponder the night before, still grinning despite the churns in my stomach. I know I haven't long, and so I rip apart the flesh with my teeth like a street dog and inhale the fruit as if it were a drink.

I rush home and find mom beating against the door, not in a hurry to get inside or threatened by an unknown assailant, but excitedly she beats nails on the door and hangs yarns in many colors as per tradition when *The One* shall come and bestow upon me either life of magic or life or misery. 

The colors reminds *The One*, she says as she works, of a family committed to enjoying themselves, while the nails, she adds, suggest that her household is hardworking and straight. This should detour The One of bestowing their only son a life of misery, she concludes, as the last of the colorful yarn hangs and blows in the slight wind that comes from the east. 

"Plus, we've had such a night. And this weather is so nice," she adds before entering the garden to gather a few flowers to hang on the sills. 

With the chores mostly finished, and the pain still hanging over my head, I sit in the grass beneath a tree and listen to the wind blowing against the branches, which scratch against the roof of the house. Others shuffle behind me in and out of the door, not minding my absence on such a day. 

And soon my thoughts turn to a girl and her delicate hands and how they'd feel wrapped against mine. 

"Vita and I together forever." 

I want it so.

"Get over here, boy," my father belts out. "We're expecting a visitor, you know."

"Yes, sir."

I pick myself up and dust myself off. Father recommends I change into my white, cotton cloak and clean, leather sandals, and so I do. It's been saved for this very moment, when, in a few hours, the one we call The One will promptly show up at our door and present to me a life changing gift or soul crushing curse. I'll know as soon as it arrives, they say, which destiny is to be mine. And, it's rumored, if I'm to achieve a magic, I'm to talk to The One about how best to use it. If I'm to be cursed, as so many have before, I'm to be like the 'rest of em,' like my father and mother, aunts and uncles and cousins and even the whole town and city alike -- happy yet sad, driven yet stalled, alive yet doomed. 

And so I wait at the kitchen table, dressed in my best, feeling anxious at the possibilities. Mother and father and aunt and uncle and cousins sit about as well, everyone looking over their shoulder and at me, but no one saying a word and no one tending to their cares. 

Suddenly, the breeze picks up and hums under the door. Mother and father and all of us seem sure The One is coming and even I raise my head in anticipation. 

"Check the door, would ya," says my dad to my mom. 

"We aren't supposed to. We're supposed to sit and wait and the boy will know when to check the door."

"That's not it. He's suppose to be the first face it see when it arrives, so he should at least be sitting nearest the door."

"You're right," she agrees. 

"Hun, sit nearest the door like your father asks."

I do as they say and sit near the door. My back aches a bit and my head still wobbles from the night before. 

"Don't you know when it's coming?" My father asks. 

"Uh, I really don't. Should I just keep the door open? It's still a nice day."

"Keep it shut, as per tradition. It must see what we've displayed. And dear boy, you must know, we've all dealt with what you're about to experience and we've all felt what you'll surely feel, but know we still love you no matter what happens," My mom says.

 The grumbling behind me gets a bit louder and soon it seems everyone is complaining of some sorts. It sorta gets to me that on such a day they'd be so impatient so quickly, but I don't speak up on account of jinxing. My thoughts turn to Vita. 

"Together forever," I think again and again. 

I'm soon daydreaming of her and I together in the square, picking fruits and eating pies as we enjoy the day. But then, suddenly, my thoughts are broken. A scythe emerges in my hand and The One called Death knocks on the door. My hand trembles at the sheer weight of the instrument as my mind unravels at the suddenness of the moment. My family is aghast. 

I answer the door. A tall, broad yet skinny man appears with blackened eyes and an even blacker silhouette. The contrast of the brightness behind him and the darkness that is him makes my eyes water and squint, though a feeling of euphoria overrides my senses and fills me with joy. 

I know, in an instant, what is mine, who I am and what I should to achieve the gift and avoid the curse. And so, without hesitation, I shoulder the load, swing the scythe in one fiery movement and dismember my entire family.

It's not until afterwards that I hear my reward

"You've made a choice so few have made before," The One says, "and so, because you have received the magic of immortality, I grant you the duty of damning all who fail to pass death's test."

\*or something like this...

First r/writingprompt post. hope you all enjoy!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;