Many of the living think that when you’re a ghost, you float around, untethered, and go wherever you want simply by wishing it. It doesn’t work that way. If you choose to stay around, as a ghost -- an option few realize is even a choice until the time comes to make it --  you go on being subject to most of the physical hindrances of a living human. Of course, gravity isn’t working on you, the way it did on the mass of your living body, but then you also don’t go floating off into the atmosphere either. You can’t pass through physical things. You can’t even really touch most physical things. This is probably why the ghosts of scientists haven’t been able to establish reasonable causes for the similarity in expressed physical law between a living human, with a seemingly much denser mass, and the ghost of a human with a presumably greatly decreased mass. We can’t create, use, or manipulate the instruments which could test our theories.

All that is to say, you haven’t really experienced the afterlife until you’ve experienced it in zero gravity.

I died in the year 2012. I was a physicist. I work at an agency called NASA, in the United States of America; you may have heard of it. But you won’t have heard of me. I wasn’t one of those famous scientists with equations or maneuvers named after him. I didn’t even have a fun haircut that would make me famous. I was just a guy who grew up interested in space, in love with the stars, and really good at math.

In 2012, I was working on the Mars exploration project. The idea of human travel to the planet Mars had been huge in popular culture for a very long time. And the interest in trying to make that dream a reality had been around nearly as long. I worked on part of a team which made calculations which would send an exploratory remote controlled robot to the surface of the planet, as well as working on theories which would ultimately lead to sending humans. I would have lived to see humans travel to Mars in fact, if I hadn’t been killed in a particularly nasty highway car accident.

This year, 2028, after decades of planning, the National Aeronautics and Space Agency sent the first manned craft to meet up with the Red Planet and attempt a landing. I, a ghost, am part of that crew. Well, sort of.

Along with the 32 human crewmen, two dogs, one cat, two dozen lab rats and rabbits, and thousands of other biological organisms from plants and fungi to bacteria and viruses, 80 human remnants, or ghosts, stowed away.

Given what I explained before about HRs being subject to similar laws that a living human would be, the craft, an egg-shaped body divided into decks and compartments, is a little crowded. As a group, we HRs got together to establish the limiting number of 80 entirely based on available space on the craft. Some things we are pretty sure about -- given that we haven’t been able to produce significant experimental data -- are that we don’t consume oxygen and we don’t require food or water to live. At least not in the way living humans do. Because of this, we were comfortably sure we  wouldn’t be using up the limited resources that the living crew needed and so could insinuate ourselves into this historic embarkment without hopefully being noticed at all. One can imagine how unsettling the discovery of our presence would be to a small crew so far from home under such circumstances. No, everything has it’s time and place, and this voyage wasn’t the time for humanity to discover ghosts.

It’s been eighteen weeks on what was planned to be a voyage of two years, four months, and seventeen days just to reach the planet’s orbit. There is no gravity, and no way for us to attach ourselves to any of the fixtures the living crew use, so mostly, as I mentioned, we’ve been floating around. It’s a much more spectral experience than we had on earth and I the message I would send home to other HRs is, “Finally!!” I’ve always wanted to float.

Since all of us who were elected to join this mission have some kind of scientific or social science background, the experience has been more than we could have dreamed of. It took days for me to get over just staring out the windows, repeating a mantra of “I’m actually in space, I’m actually in space!” Since we have no inner ear, or much in the way of a physical body, many of the unpleasant sensations of actually being in space are not a factor. All we have to do is sit back, and experience it.

Much time is spent watching experiments undertaken by the Living Crew, of which there are hundreds going on at any one time. Each of the 32 individuals can be involved establishing or monitoring up to a dozen experiments at one time, including experiments dependent on their own physiological data. This is, afterall, the first manned trip outside the orbit of our own planet -- every breath taken, every heartbeat, are all new, surprising, and interesting data. 

The HRs with a human physiology background monitor the status of LC vitals closely. Those with a biology background are watching many of the experiments involving other living organisms. Those, like myself, with a physics  background are mostly monitoring the tests and data resulting from external sensor readings as we’ve moved further and further beyond the gravitational pull of Earth, and towards that of Mars. We have HRs with a sociological background who are interminably engaged in debate and discussion around the social dynamics of the LC, and they have even become interested in the social dynamics of other HRs which has yielded some very interesting theory.

Obviously, our accommodations require a certain level of flexibility to make work. While the crew have individual, specially designed sleeping quarters with enough space to display some personal items, the hope being that this individualized and private space will make the long term trip more palatable, the ghosts have nothing of the sort. We don’t take up much space, though we do take up some. We don’t have bodies in the traditional sense, obviously, but we are composed of something. Something which can’t overlap in space with something else. In my case, I experience a sense of self, which extends about to the boundaries of the space my physical body used to occupy and no further, however, I can occupy less space. For the living, in a crowded space one sometimes thinks thoughts of being smaller or occupying less space, to fit through a narrow passage, or past another living person. It doesn’t work, of course, because the living are composed of a certain amount of mass and can’t fluctuate this at will. Ghosts, however, can. If I try to be smaller, I am. Somewhat like sucking in one’s stomach. And so, for the most part, we all float around somewhat smaller than we had been accustomed to being on earth.
This isn’t a terribly burdensome prospect, as we’re not using muscles to create this smaller size, and so aren’t fatigued by it. It’s more a state of mind, if you will. It take a while to get used to maintaining this state, but we did a lot of training for it on Earth before the trip.

We don’t need sleep, but we do rest. Since we float, and have no hope of tethering ourselves to any solid object, we pretty much just rest wherever there’s space and we’re not likely to be bumped into by the LCs. The craft we all share is large, as sufficient space was deemed necessary for long-term space travel. The LCs have a gym and recreation area, and that’s where a lot of us HRs spend our down time, just floating around dreaming.

Just like the LCs, we have to no way to be certain of the outcome of this mission. And this is the really daunting part. Should the mission fail entirely, due to mishap or miscalculation, we are the 80 non-living witnesses to the catastrophe. We can’t be affected by a catastrophic shortage of resources, or even, so far as we know, a hull-integrity malfunction which would be disastrous for the LCs and other organisms. And so we don’t risk death, as they do. We risk an eternity of shipwreck. Marooned on the planet, or adrift in among the stars. And it’s because of this that fewer than you might suspect signed up for this mission.

On Earth, after I died, it came to me suddenly that I had a choice. I could stay if I wanted to. Indefinitely. And I did, want to, so I stayed. I stayed because I had unanswered questions. I stayed because I knew there were possibilities unfulfilled. I knew this trip would happen, and that it wasn’t far off. I woke up every day, in life, knowing that I would see the day that humans left our planet and explored another. And that had been my first thought when I died. I needed to see that day.

I was Brian Jacobs, and I am one of the lucky 80 HRs to be a part of the the first human voyage to Mars. For me, it is an honor. It is a dream come true. It was worth any risk to go along. Even a risk greater than death -- and eternity spent lost and far from home.
Author's note: First timer. Be gentle, but feedback is appreciated.