I squinted my eyes as I peered out over the land. QXR\-5 projected clear skies and blistering temperatures today, and boy, was that hunk of metal right. I felt the sun beat down at me as I walked over and plopped down next to Cassie.

"Hot day today, ain't it?" I asked Cassie.

Cassie flipped her long, black hair to one side and tied it into a ponytail.

"Yeah, but it's a whole heck of a lot better than it was yesterday," Cassie replied, her feet dangling against the side of the hill.

"Everyone else gets angry at QXR\-5 for spittin' out his weather predictions, but it ain't his fault he's so accurate."

Cassie remained silent and stared out at the sea of trees that lined the valley. 

I continued, "You know, this dang planet can't decide whether it wants to be cold or hot. Curse the Others for ploppin' us here on this damn rock."

Beads of sweat fell from Cassie's forehead as she pulled her knees to her chest. "I don't know, Josh."

"Others danged, Cassie, what's the matter?" I asked.

Cassie shifted her eyes towards me and then quickly glanced away. 

"You mention the Others, we all mention the Others so casually. Don't ya ever wonder what the weather was ever like for the Them? What it was like to have real, actual Parents? All QXR\-5 and the other bots can show us are crummy pictures."

"A' course I wonder, Cassie. But what good does that do us? We're here on earth now, and all we should worry about is tryin' to stay alive. Then one day, we'll be the Parents."

Cassie remained sitting, her knees against her chest. I stood up and took a couple steps. She looked tiny, dwarfed against the backdrop of massive trees.

"Alright Cassie, I'm going to head back to town and help out with the foraging. You should start back soon, too. We still need to gather firewood and water for the week," I said.

"OK. I'll find my way back," she replied quietly.

I took a couple steps, away, paused to look back at her one more time, then strode the rest of the way back to camp. Little did I know, that was the last I would see of Cassie for eight years.